THE HIGHLAND SOCIETY. CELEBRATING BURNS' ANNI VERSARY. THE BANQUET AND SPEECHES.. At the Masonic Hall last night the Bathurst branch of the Highland. Society celebrated the anniversary of Bobert Burns' birthday by a banquet, at which a large gathering of members attended. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. H. MaeDoupral, and aEter the fables had been cleared of the banquet accessories the usual loyal toasts were proposed by the .Chairman and duly honored. The toast of the evening, ' Burns,' was proposed by Mr. Ferrier, the Secretary of - the branch, in the following speech : — To-night we are met, as so many 'brither' Scot3 throughout the world will be, to pity homage to the name and memory of Burns. This evening we celebrate the 138rd. anniversary of the day when — A blast of J, -lunar' win' Ulew liausel in on Robin. I have no doubt that the events oE the poet's short life are familiar as house hold words to most of you, and, therefore, crave your indulgence while I, as briefly as possible, touch on some of them. Robert Burns, the national poet of Scotland, was born on the 25th of Janu ary, 175!), in a clay ' biggen ' near the ' auld toon ' of Ayr, and not far from Alloway Kirk and the Brig o' Doon, which localities lie has immortalized in his imperishable poem of ' Tarn o' Shanter,' and to this day they are shrines at which pilgrims, drawn from the ends of the earth, pay homage to his worth. (Applause.) Hisfatherwas a man of stern and unflinching integrity, and gave his son a good example of religion and virtue. From his father the poet inherited his vigorous intelli gence and melancholy temperament, while from his mother he derived his joyous bursts of vivacity and his exqui site sense of the ridiculous. At an early age Burns was sent to school, and sooner 'than usual became an excellent English scholar. He had another teacher who busily prepared him for future g reatness — an old woman, Betty Davidso'-n; who was a perfect storehouse of old ballads and legendary tales, and who filler! the young mind of the poet with stories o.C witches, warlocks, ghosts- and fairies. (.Laughter.) In 17G6 when Burns was seveni years of age, his father took a lease of ; the small farm of Mount Oliphant in the parish of Ayr, but this was an imprudent step as after ten years oE incessant toil, thrift and anxiety, the family liiad again to remove, in 1777, to the farm of Loehlea in the parish of Tarbolton. The Poet's fifteenth year is notable for the production of his first lyric, anid as we should expect, the theme was lovi'e. While working as a farm laborer a t Mount Oliphant, he had as his assistant; in tho harvest field a bonnie, sweet, sousie lass, by name, Nelly Kil patrick. His sensitive heartstrings felt the thrill of the first touch of love, and these heartstrings being touched gave forth music — the music oE his 1st poem, 'My Elandsome Nell.' (Applause.) Up to 1777, Burns' life had been one of incessant, toil and hardship. Reverting to this 'period when ha had suddenly become famous, the poet summed up the utter weariness and seclusion of the life he had pa.sscd in two terrible phrases — the moil of a galley slave, and the seclusion, oE a hermit. Up and afoot in the fields early, out and about the live long day at the ever varying toil of a farm laborer, home dog-tired as the twilight deepened after sundown, from years end to years end clad in the homeliest raiment, nourished by the poorest diet, sleeping at night in a garret under a farm house thatch, the stripling, strong in build though he was, grew up into premature manhood so overweighted with care and so worn out with toil, that he suffered more or less habitually from profound fits of melancholy. (Applause.) Still in the midst of his sordid surroundings hopes started to life in his heart and dreams in his imaginations. At the age of 19 he had written several love songs and satiric verses, and had sketched the outline oE a tragedy. In 1781 he was enrolled as a Freemason in the St. David's Lodge at Tarbolton, in his 23rd year. About this time, by happy accident, he read the Scottish poems oE Robert Ferguson, when he began to awaken to the stirrings of ambition. The poems seemed to rouse him to a sense of his own dormant capacities, and he commenced to pour forth, in astonishingabundanceeffusioiis of his own, by which all our other song writers ' have been utterly eclipsed. (Applause.) On this point Carlyle says ? — ?' It will seem small praise if we rank him as the first of all our song-writers, for we know not one worthy of being second to him.' (Applause.) After his father's death in 1784, the poet and his | brother Gilbert took a lease of the now famous farm oE.Mossgiel, which will ever be associated with the purest and bright est period oE his poetic development. Here the farmer- poet lightened the toil and fatigue of a laborious life by giving free vent in verse to whatever touched his heart or jarred upon his nerves. Tenderness was the keynote of his nature. The loves, the griefs, the hopes, the Eears of his fellow mortals he sang of in turn, and with his whole sym pathetic heart. Take such pieces as 'The Jolly Beggars,' 'Halloween,' and ' Man was made to mourn,' as examples of this. His warm heart is in sympathy with nature, so that tho daisy fall not unheeded under his ploughshare, nor the ruined nest- of that ' wee, cow'ring, tiin'rous beastio' cast forth after all its provident pains to ' thole tho sleety dribble and cranrcnch cald,' so, on the other hand, when his indignation is aroused, it can only find relief in biting satire. His earliest repute in Ayrshire as a writer is distinctly and pre-eminently as a satirist. His earliest copy oE verses put into circulation 111 manuscript among his neighbors was his scathing sarcasm, ' The Twa Herds.' Then came, ' The Holy Fair,' 'Holy Willie's Prayer,' and 'Death and Dr. Thornback.' From the date when those withering satires began to be shown about Rob Mossgicl was a marked man in Ayr shire. His indignation also produced, 'Dweller in Yon Dungeon Dark,' ' Scots wha hae wi' Wallace Bled,' and, , 'McPherson's Farewell.' Meanwhir affairs were rapidly going from bad to worse at Mossgiel, and he was rapidly becoming involved in financial difficul ties. To complete his misfortunes, obstacles wore placed in the way of his marriage with ' Bonnie Jean ' Armour. In despair, and to carry him from his ruined home at Mossgiel, and his ruined love at Manchline, he determined to emigrate to Jamaica. To raise the necessary funds, Burns determined on the publication of his first, or Kilmar nock, edition of his poems. When the poet was 27 years of age, this edition appeared with the dazzling lustre of a ' meteor, but with more than a meteor's endurance. (Applause.) The price to subscribers was „six shillings per copy ; and now, after a lapse of over 100 years, a copy of that book cannot be pur chased for over its weight in gold. And now occurs a scene, which sheds a ' pleasing light upon a gloomy path. Through the intervention of Dr. Laurie and the Blind Poet (Dr. Blacklock), Burns was led to turn his thoughts ' from Jamaica to Edinburgh, where was issued the second, or Edin burgh, edition of his poems. This publication brought him a taste of for tune, and Burns' appearance in the capital was like that of a comet. For a season he was the ' Lion of Edinburgh.' His conduct under this blaze of adulation has been justly regarded as the best proof o£ his real vigour and integrity of mind, for he conducted himself with the greatest ' propriety and independence. I cannot ? help here, quoting a verse on his meeting with Lord Daer : — But, Oh ! for Hogarth's magic pow'r, To show Sir Bardies Willyarfc glow'r, a . . . And how lie stirr'A and stammer'd, '- When, goavan, as if led wi' blanks. ?-')'? An' stumping on liis ploughman shanks; - . ? He in the parlor liammcr'd. ' ? Bums always cherished a painfull^ ' pleasurable recollection of this brilliant:' season of' triumph. When it was, 'all over Burns siims up gains and losses', and meditates on th lture. Ho kne\y' the ground he was standing; on.''' He trusts to 110 patron, but prefers to' be self helped. He accepts the position of exciseman and leases the farm of -Ellis- ' land, and hopes in the near future to rise into something like opulence and leisure, and thus secure the dream of his life. 'A life entirely devoted to the muse but, dyin?f in 1796, his tomb became his throne. Eighteen years had his fame, like a rolling snowball, con tinually augmented, when two. gentlemen stepped forth to erect a monument to his memory. Their names deserve record. It is to William Guerson, of Baitford, Dumfrieshire, and Alexander Key, of London, that the public are indebted for the beautiful and chastely designed mau soleum, erected to the memory of Burns in Dumfries. An inscription in Latin was deposited on the first stone, of which - the following is a translation, taken ' from an old print, dated Saturday, February 28th, 1824 : — In perpetual memory of ROBERT BURNS, decidedly the First Scottish Poet of his ago, whose exquisite verses in the dialect-of his country, distinguished for the strength and ? fire of native genius, more than for the acquired accomplishments of polish and '? erudition, are admired by all men of letters for their humor, pleasantly, elegance and ' variety. His townsmen' and others, who love polite literature aud cherish the memory of so eminent a genius, caused this mausoleum to be erected over the mortal remains of ? THE BARD. Of this edifice, planned by Thomas P. Hurst, of London, Architect, The first stone was laid by William Miller, Esq.. Provincial Grand Master of the Southern District of Fremasons in Scotland, In the Reign of George III., during the Regency of George, Prince of Wales. Joseph Gass, Esq., being Provost of .Duiri- ? fries. ? : On the otli day of June, in the year of light 5815, of Our Lord, 1815. Since then many monuments have been erected in honor of the poet, but his memory lies enshrined in all our hearts a far nobler mausoleum than any of marble. His poems and glorious songs will never pass away from the memory of man. His poems were poured forth in the merest intervals of his daily toil. Never in one instance was he permitted to grapple, with any subject in the full strength of his genius. That gem of gems, ' Tho Cottar's Saturday Night,' was composed on a Sunday afternoon ' while he was haviug a stroll with his brother Gilbert, to whom he recited it during their walk; 'Death and Dr. Hornbook ' was composed by Burns while on his way home from the lodge meeting oiie night ; » To a Mouse ' and ' To 11 Mountain Daisy ' were composed while actually toiling at the plough ; and ' Tam O' Shanter ' was composed in , one day. Professor Croinelc, the anti quary, on learning the above fact from Mrs. Burns, expressed his astonisment and declared it to be the best day's work since Bannockburn. Need we wonder that his memory is kept green ? But the true poet never dies and Burns was a mighty gift to ' puir auld Scotland.' He filled a gap in her poesy, and left charms to bo enjoyed for generations, aye, centuries. But he was human. His genius — that heaven-born gift — we admire ; his errors we deplore. The gift must bo accepted with its conditions, and as to our judge ment in such matters he himsolf has left us a caution. ' Then, at the balance let's be mute, We never can adjust it : What's done we partly may compute, But know not- what's resisted.' Shall we deny tho glory of the sun because there are spots on his face, or cease to admire the silvery beauty of the moon because there are shadows on her brightness ? No ! Neither shall wo fail to admire the genius of our jjlough man poet, or consign to forgetfulness the name and works of Robert Burns. Scotland wept for him, Scotsmen still mourn for him, and regret the hard life, the struggles, and trials of their illustrious countryman, and, even in this distant land under the Southern Cross, wo can still say-—' We'll a' be proud o' Robin.' I ask you gentlemen to . give a bumper to the memory of Burns, (Loud applauso.) ! I , ? y Mr. Farrier's excellent speeoh in \- proposing the toast of ' Burns ' was r received with loud applause, aud drunk with patriotic enthusiasm. After him the following programme was gone thro of/,: — Song, ' There was a Lad was Ljrn in Kyle,' Mr. A. Pringle ; toast, ' The Land we Live in,' Mr. J. ?:- ; . M. Macdonald ; response, Mr. J. Boyd, jun. ; son g, ' Sunny New South Wales,' Mr. W. R. Train ; toast, ' Our Native land' (Scotland), Mr. W. H. Hudson; response, Mr. W. R. Train ; song, 'A Man's a Man for a' that,' Mr. Gr. H. MacDougal ; toast, ' The jl; Highland Society,' Mr. J. B. Graham ; § response, Mr. Ot. Farquhar ; song, ' The |l Banks o' Lochlomon,' Dr. Ivirkland ; || y toast, ' The Lasses,' Mr. J. Mackay ; '?|i' response, Mr. C. Boyd; song, 'Ye H Gallants of England,' Mr. WV H. . Hudson ; toast, ' The Press,' Mr. W. a W. Young ; response, representatives 'M local press ; song, ' The Scotch || Brigade,' Mr. J. Silcock. Further || harmony was indulged in, and it was not || till an advanced hour that the company *5 ' separated with Auld Lang Syne.' P . The various accompaniments were played H for Mr. W. C. Navlor. The banquet d was prepared by Mrs. Firth, and did her S infinite credit. 