, ; "IN DIRE NEED." ' (CopyriyAf.) i j :i Br INA LEON OASSILIS, 'Author of "Tlio Gray Woman," "Tho Strange Event ' at 'Atlidrton," "Count Ivan Dmitri," "Between ' ' "Midnight and Dawn,". "Tho Third Passenger by tho Night Mail," Ac., Ao. ..... ' '.CHAPTER |, .PARTES. . ! "Soi -that A to bo tho cnd.or It, HenftP" ., "Yea. You might have known before tills that I www not likely to put up with a divided empire." >' -Tlioy were standing together, undor the trees of ;tho old wood; through which they had often strayed hand in nana; tno man jjuiu, jcthw....... 'suno features stern and" haughty; tho girl as proud <as ho— a beautiful creature, for whom a man might easily "break hls'liuart;- , It who' an old. story; she unduly Jealous, too 'young' to bo mcrciful and mako allowances. He, of Haughty and imperious a temper to defend him sol! when mot: with hasty and unjust reproaches, j too deeply wounded, to make allowances for tho youth and incxperlenco of his betrothed, or to take 'nto account that tho very uncertainty ef her posi tion prompted to jealousy. . ForErnald Euaton had wooed and won Rena Gray : !h secret. He was of ancient family, and high '< social position, and ho must marry, or give diro oftcnco to his mother, to whom he was devoted, and who was old- and infirm. But ho had fixed his pas- I sionato. heart on the daughter of a poor half-pay officer.' True, she-was of gentle birth, and beauti- 1 ful; but certainly not of his "set"; so for. tlic pre- 'sen Vat any rate, their betrothal must be a secret. »" But Rena was proud, and Inclined to bo jealous. Her lover could go up to London and mix with tho fworld.from which she was shut out and, being ap . patently unfettered, lie was free to flirt with whom be .would, and perhaps desert her altogether. Some « exaggerated reports of what wcro in truth only ibatl-room .flirtations had reached Rena from , seem ingly tnistworthy sources. An unavoidably pro- longed abscnco was believed , to. bo deliberate, and etho girl-met her lover with reproaches and nccusa- vtionseven implied, in her anger, . that his word, of denial would hardly bo sufficient proof of his Innoccnco. His haughty temper was at- once on r-flro; ho was cruelly wounded, too, and that- mado ' ..him tho more unbonding. Ilia answer was a refusal ,to exculpate. himself in any way; If Rena could not trust in his love thero was nothing more to be said. , Bo Rena said: "If you.-will not defend yourself it is k because - you cannot.- . In that' case wo had bettor Apart."- Porhaps Euston had hardly expected .that she ,-Would carry things so far as this; ho was accus- , tomcd to-liave his own w.ay,.and be deferred to; ho iiwas Imperious- and .somewhat . exacting; but. Jio 2 could inot -Imagine, that -this tender, clinging girl would actually throw liim over. He did not believe jfthat she.meant wliat she said.. Besides, his passion J.forj hor was. so absorbing that, 6ho wujf,, in her heart, have faith in him. It staggered him that alio 1, should - seem so\ ready ..to break the tio between them. But Rena's prldo was good for nny amount jjof folly just now, ,aml though a few words from her r.lovcr wquld havo brought her to her senses, those words ho would not utter. He answered her last .jspqechin a quiet, constrained way, i>.;"y<wy well. ...Then wo part? V hope, if you should honour any other man with your love, Rena, ?.yoq will, have a little more faith to him tlian you havo In'me. .'Good-bye.?' ; '. ?, . Ho did not o'ffer his imnd',; but. lifted Ills hat and rtumGfl,away, leaving Rena standing there, haughty, erect,, still quivering inwardjy with her wild rescnt- apient, -yet with a dazed, stunned feeling creeping . over her— tho sense of . having flung her life away, n, and bring alone in a world that was henceforth Vonly illimitable blanks of misery I vrt.,„ . - chapter u . TnennEAM -Tbls was 'not early Juno, nor the wood where ''Ernald Euston and "' Rena Gray had so often kept :'trystV, ' It was Christmas time in tho north country,? ' many a mile from Rena's southern home. . The snow ' iay on the ground and wliitchcd' all tho trees j about.Hunraore,. Grange, .but. within were big firca » and bright faces and merry, voices Mr. Granticy's pretty, daughter Lottio had been a school friend of .iRena'.s, and asked -her to spend Christmas with them. "Wo are not a large party," she wrote, "but a very tilco que', and you are a host in yourself. Ho como "' Rina did not' feel much of "a host ln herself Triow. . Sliq was drinking deep of the cup of nfflic- , ,tIon, '.Tor .within. a wcek.of breaking off her enga'ge- ;.meqthp wouid havo.given all her future life to re 1 caliber lover; bub pride, and a sense of 6hame, vforbado; - Ernald had sent. back her letters wilhout ; -a-linof arid alio had returned him tho betrothal ring ' "a'ftd otheV gifts, and his letters! ' 'He had accepted tliq fiatjhe would not return if she made the amende, "and sometimes the bitter thought. crossed hei that jho waB glad to regain Iris freedom ; and yet. sho Ypuid ,'never .'forgot the anguish in his dark eyes when ho said,< "So, that is to bo the end of it, i Rena.";: She heard. of him now and then during a tlicso dreary six months, ; but ho mado no effort to 'see-hor/ It was clear :tliat all was over; nlltho 1 love; and worship went for nothing; it would not ''save these two; who loved each other as passionately 'as ever, .from making shipwreck of their lives. f, At. .first Rena was inclined to refuBO the invito ..tlon, but her father, and aunt. .wished her to go; f.tbere.was.no. valid reason for not doing so, and, after . .have to seem happy whenher heart-was breaking. i-' Thcro were ten altogether in tho liouac-party, in eluding Mr. and Mrs. Grant! ey, Lottie, and licr 'brother Fred, the guests numbering six; and the \yquhg people were all gathered together round tho library, fire, tho evening before Christmas Eve, talk ing, am! telling stories, more or less supernatural. ipi-f'I flon't-beliovo in ghosts and dreams," said Fred -Grantley, "it's all bosh ! " . tj ."It lsn!t I " criod Lottie. '"What do you say to tliat story of tho man who dreamt that ho was to go tto'the assizes— yoii know the oho I mean ! " "Chestnut !" cried a school chii'm of Feed's. "I v'say,'Reha—what doyousay tn , , r J" I believe n.somo dreams arid presentiments," paid aha.' ; "Do you ? .Havo you over had any P". ' m fWo; -but-I, have : heard of cases the troth of twblch I cannot doubt ! " ' 4,4 44 Hm I "said Mhrio Wlntor,. a young ' woman of much "common-sense." "Do you mean that if you 'had bne 'of 'tljose vivid dreams that are the rcgula- 'tion Ihlng, you'd pbey.it?" i; 'YcsiVturncd Rena at once. .. . . ! h . Bijt It must come three tim.f oried Fred i,,,f.Tl|at isn't :necessary. Ever, rfng depends on tho Impression the dream leaves oil your mind. I rhave dreamed the mos< vivid dreams that 'yet left upoirnto no impresslon purpose." ' ' J ' "But,J said Lottie,' "suppose you drcanicd you 'must go to; such' and such a place— would you go, 'without' tlio least idea of tr Ay you were to go ?" T- "Certainly I should," said Rena, who had the (p9uragp:of her . convictions, "that is, if tho dream igaye mo that strong feeling of compulsion." icall, that superstition," said Marie. f "It'a too occult for me," added Fred's schoolmate, TomLaseby. "Give ub another chestnut, Fred." "I'd like to bavo you put to. the proof," said taotherof Uio'party, ' addressing "iiena. "I expect if tire' dream told you to run somo danger, your 4 con viction '.would give way." , , 1 Rena only smiled, and turned her largo eyes to . tho' ' Aro. Slio did not caro to explain beforo' a' thoughtless, laughing group that sho' belicved bucIi " messages" were diviiiely 'acnt, and no harm could possibly como to anyono 'obeying. them, whatever tho apparent peril. Lottie, who .'saw tlrat her friend was unwilling to bo 'baited "on tlio subject In hand, and was herself Jpr from sceptical, broke in hero with a suggestion tlitf! they, .should quit "bogey" talk, and play games and tho cue was token up with avidity. But when Bcnalwcnt to bed that night sho lay for a longtime ifetariug at thefire, and with Iter thoughts of Ernald . Eustou— who was never for an Instant absent from' frbgm— were blended mcmorlos of tbo uik tliat 'C ovenTng "nliout presentiments and drums, ana rfcho (ell aslivp:at Inst with a. cnrloui: lense td i iSrnaia'B arm being about her, and his kllsl'on het :lips»"that was nothing now, only' to-niglil 1t was etrongor than-it had ever been before." - \ j When s?.o appeared at breakfast the neximorn I ..ing, they all said that she looked very wliluV > \- "Did you see a ghost Inst night?" asked IFred, j"or dream a prophetic dream ?" \ ' Rena laughed, and only said sho "was aVays ' pale," she had not seen any ghost; But After .breakfast sho excused herself for the prescntfroir tho decorating party, as alio had 6omo Ictterl'te .write. As she passed Lottie, she said quick And ! low: "Will you como up to me for a mlnutlci twoP" 1;. Lottio nodded, and went on with her work ; iLt < presently she throw down her bunches of Hoik and ran up to llcna's room. The face which tk .latter turned to licr startled Lottie. Rena's cyl seemed to burn; her checks wcro deadly palo : bit .there was a look of settled resolve on the who! face— the look of a person who has made up lun .mind to something, and -will go through - fire tq | .attain her end. \ I Lottie came forward quickly. "Rena," she said, II T"what is the matter?" ' u "Promise me first," answered Rena, "to' keep 'secret what I am going to ask and"tcll you. I know of old that you will keep your word, and tliat you are secret if ou chooso to be." : ' "I promise," said Lottie, intensely curious, but ' ' apprehensive too. 1 v> "Thanks! Then, Lottie,— whero is 4 tho Old Mill , Road to Travis.?", Lottio stored. "What an odd question,!' sho. said. "It's tho road tliat tokos you to Travis,, a village about three miles from here. When you get outside the Grango gates you tum to your right; the first on your loft is the Old Mill Rqqd; it' goes sharp 'down hill for about a . mile, into quite a hollow, and then up hill, and near the top of thqhilVis ah olj disused mill, a little way back from 'tlio road." "Is Ihero any otlier road to Travis?." \ . "F "Yes, a shorter .and better road. Travis Is nearly Your miles by. .the Old Mill Road, only thrco by tho other one."; V A perplexed look came over Rena's faco. Slie pressed her, band, to her forehead, . "Strange.!' " sho 'muttered; tlien sho caught Lottie's hand and'dfow her .to a chair. "Sit down," she said, "1 want, to tell you 'something." ' Lottie obeyed, wondering' Rena, seating. herself on the fonder stool,' clasped her hands together, and went on, with a. kind of suppressed excitement in \cr voice, and nianncn . ' ' ' Lottio,' don't' laugh at me;, no,. .1 am sure you' will. not. .You remember' our talk last, night P' Well, it was running in my head when I went up, to my room, and while I lay awake, and it may have had something to do with what followed; but still it docs hot really account for it. I dreamt that, I was'iti the. library; 'sitting alone by the fire, when you "camo in ond gave mo a letter. There was no ad- dress on the. envelope, but I knew that tlie lettei was for nic. .You vanished at once.. .1 opeped the letter, but the writing wis strange to imp. I >oad these words: 4 You are sent for .by bneindircn«ed. Go by the Old Mill Road to Travis .at four o'olqck on Christmas Eye, and go alone. I' wokp up 'jrith a start, It was, broad 4 dawn, and I'was.all qhlver- log." , . , ; ...' . ! "But Rena," exclaimed .Lottie, amazed, "you ( an!t mean—" , ?4I mean," said Rena firmly, " that I am going tliat road. Stay! You remember what I said last niglit, it was not a boast;' I could not .disobey that message. You see the test has come, and 1 am .ready to meet It. ' The dream sounds nothing tlio telling, it may seem nonsense. 1 don't know a soul in these parts except your people; there can be no one in Travis wanting, me, and if thero were, it .would appear the most natural thing to toko the quickest route; but! have just that overmastering conviction of which I spoke, that I must go by thai road this ovening, and go alone." ' ' " ' . "Rena— no— no i you mustn't indeed!" cried Lottio. "It will bo. nearly dark, and what's to become of you at Travis, if e7eryou get there ? It's . nothing but tho influence of cur talk; you vero ex cited— you aro stilU" But Rena interrupted. "If you talked for ah hour, Lottio dear, I should go all the same You don't know how I feel. It is not my will, ' but a power within me that is ruling me. I have no fear, though the road is lonely, and it will" be dark; ha harm can possibly ccme to me. The message .comei to me from Heaven, and I must obey it.. You' bait: promised to keep my secret." ' Yet still Lottie tried to dissuade her friend; in k£:n; and something of Rena's absolute conviction forced itself upon her companion. Rena regarded j 'pjt dream as Heaven sent; it was like "mcs volx" I wh:.c|j guided Jeanne d'Arc, and perhaps after all j 'rftie was right in believing tliat no barm could I i ioppen to hcr. Once or twice during the day Lottie asked her .friend "if her Impression remained unshaken, and Rena's answer was always the same; After luncheon 'someone proposed-a walk, but the elders objected, on the ground that tho sky looked very ! "snowy,. Lottie looked at Rena, but tho latter did - | not change countenanco. She went away 'to, her : own room'about half-past three, and Lottio followed ! her, and' made one last effort to persuade her against this mad project. But' Rena was rewtute. 1 "I am safe," Bhc said, "and mind, no one mu'rt ' follow me! I am to go alone." ' ' "' ' ' ; \- Lottio cried," and embraced and kissed' the 'girl. "If anything happens to you," 'sho 'said, "I:shall : never forgive myself." . . . "Nothing will happen, Lottie ; and If it did there ' could be no blame to you." ? Almost on tho stroke of four, Rena' left' 'tlio ' Grange. Sho wore a short fur-trimmed coat, 'and a , 'closo fur cap. - Tho air was very cold,' but her ' blood was at fever heat. She' went out foariessly into the gloom and turned up the long white road. ' CHAFFER III. tub fulfilment. ( Just as Rena gained the Old Mill Road the snow \- began to fall. Tho -wind, which had .been rising during the afternoon, was now blowing freshly, and whirling the snowflakes about, but.Rona, though for a moment her heart quailed, pushed on bravely, she- never dreamed of turning back. The snow fell faster and thicker, and as she struggled- forward, AiaW-blindcd sometimes by the snow, Rena began to feel something like despair, and yet her conyic tion remained unshaken. But to reach Travis, in this snowstorm would be impossible. , If she>could only get as far as tlio Old Mill she might bo able to find shelter. -Had she -passed It? She had got through the valley, and. was com mencing the ascent, when suddenly she paused. Slio .fancied she saw a toll man's figure. .. .Yes,.thcrc tri» semconol And suddenly tiio figure turned and.cqrae -towards her. . « . .. .. . . "Don't be afraid of me," said a clear, rich-toned Volco, "I will do yoa no harm! " For a second Lena's heart actually ceased to, beat. Then sho stretched out her hands with a half; sob. uErnaldlu she said. -Her hands u ere caught .in Euston's warm clasp. "Great Heaven 1" ho said hoarsely, ''you— Rena — out hero alone ? " Then, not waiting for an, answer, he added instantly, "Corao with me— tho Old Mill is close here— it will shelter us both." . ne put his arm round her, and haif carried her across tho road, through a little bit ofjleld, . and . Rena could discern tho rugged outlino of tile Old Mill. ; \ 1 , 7/ ; vhatover ho felt, however madly his heart' was beating, he seemed able, even under these clrcum- .stances, to master himself; he had not. uttered a singlo word of endearment; he held . the girl no. . closer than he was obliged to do; she felt that ho v was Implacable; thero even flashed across her, tho . thought whether lie was married; sho hadnot'heard of it, but it might be. How he came to be hero she . did pot think to question. ' Euston went up tlio little 'steps that led to'the door of the Mill, which stood half open, and yielded to tlio touch. They could disccrii;th'at they were in a small room, destitute apparently of all furniture, and with a little square window guiltless of glass; but ib was shelter at any rate from the pitiless snow, and Euston closed the door. "I wish 1 had a light," he 'said. "I have nothing but somo matches. I'll light one Iti & minute and loox round a bit.' , Do 6liook the 6now from hip ' iilster, and'toklng out a : handkerchief flicked tht /mow from her coat; while Rena ook off her cap and shook, itj and. drew off her - gloves, ..which wore quite, wet. ... ,- "Aro you cold?" Ernald asked then ; "are your ifectwct?" "No, I am not cold; my feet are dry, thanks. , ;. "That's, right. -'Now toll me what brought yon out nlono at tills timo in the country P I heard you ,wero staying at tho Grange— I am with somo friends noar Travis. Ilavo you lost your . way ?"; , ,u., ."No," said . Rena, trembling inwardly yet, glad in a way— for- it gavo her mora nssuranco —that they could only see. each other's faces as dim white marks. "I was going to Travis." "Going to Travis— at this timo of theovoning— In 6uch. weather— alone! are you mad??.-. . ; . "No." . . "Are your friends at .tho Grango mad -to lot you go alone? By. Heaven— " He stopped, potting his teeth; then he added more gently: "Why dldJ you do it, RanaP "Thero was sc- mfono there— who wanted .mel" tbo1 girl faltered.- Shewouldnot toll hiin of licr dream;! he flung her back on herself, ho seemed so hard and stern; and how was the dream being fulfilled ? But; her explanation- was hardly satisractoryi "I don't understand It," Euston said. . -"If . you -had to go to Travis -.it .was preposterous, for .your friends to let you go alone; and they must ' have known that this is tho longest way. 1 It is lucky for you I happened to be strolling out by this road." . Ho did not say that his object was just to see tho, place where Roua was;, scant comfort for his heart-: hunger, but at least something. " ' : "I was making for tho Mill," said Rena, fooling nore chilled in heart than in body. . .> <. , "You would probably havo passed it. .vThcre will- <o no getting away to-night from hero. I am very, , <pry sorry for you; child." .. . ... It doesn't matter," said the girl quietly.; .. .. pit does— fof you. 1 havo nothing with' ino; not: ebn a flask of brandy; but there may be something! f<l you to sit upon." jo lighted a scries of matches, and inspected the pice. Thcro wns little enough to inspect, but! uder tho window thero was A low bench. Euston ! .duied it with his handkerchief, and dragging it to tliidc farthest from the window, placed it against j "It down there," ho said to Rena, and sho obeyed' witiut a word.) The place was very cold, but she -waslot conscious of it yet; tlie glow' of passionate j feelit still kept hor.blood at fever temperature ; by 'and-V she would inevitably chill down.- . Eutm walked to and fro at- the- farther end of the umal' little chamber. Ho was doing fierce battlci-ith himself, arid he was losing, not gaining. - <Hd cow only keep himself in lmnd at all by not 'sufferii; himself to lapse for one instant into tender noss. ViUld ever ho have dreamed of such a meet- !ing asjiis after that miserable parting six months ago? lb strangeness— the romance of it appealed stronglwo such a naturo as hfs; and to have her .'with hlnalone,:under his care, in' his hands, -her very nan thrown entirely on his honour— ahl'slio "could trnt him in this!— was intoxicating happi .ncss. Ba was sho unchanged ? -Still jealous and ' distrustfup - If ho dropped Ins priae to plead and explain quid slio believe now tlio word she had ; Byand-V he stopped in his walk; and - asked 'Rena if A was cold. Sho answered "No." Sho had not sbLd this half hour. He could sco the dark figurcuting tlicrc, and sho watched his tall form possiiito and fro, to and fro. If sho might only go ancflirow herself at his feet; and ask' for- : tgiveness; tq always she was held- back|-- she' so dreaded a rqiff- . - "You musjbo cold," said Euston, pausing once more, brea% another long silence. "It Is no use 'to deny it, Ria." Ho came nearer. ' .' -"I am a litk cold," tho girl confessed, "but it doesn't matte;! r . "> ' "It mattersrorything." He began taking off his 'ulster; > "1 ! ' ' i -» Rena rose qckly. ' "No— no," she" said, "."you must not ,"I ha a warm coat, and yoii— " " "Nonsense, cad! I am a strong man, and you a 1 fragile girl.' Sldown again, and'-let me put the ulster round yol' : Rena obeyed tfently because she could not- have spoken 'without Anting into a passion of sobs. He \- put the coat abo\ her tenderly enough, and said -kindly, "Don't '\Vry about me; my undercoat will 'keep m6 as waring j need to bo," " Anotlier' hour Vnt by! Rena was" growing chilled even" undeW furred ulster! She was born and bred in th'e sch, and she felt tho northern cold'keenly. ' "l- Euston came1 ulto her by-and-by! ' and bent |down. ' "How -do' y\ feel now ?" no said gently. ' "Never mind mo.Wisb you would take back the "coat."1' -M 1 ' "How" dan'you imlne I would do such'a'thing t You are cold— I am Vc of it! " ' ' 1 " '»-» " ' ' ' "I can'tTielp it!" Via half whispered; :"I am 'not' used to such'cllntg." "Poor" child! Hohod atlll for a minute; ' then he bent down to her cun, laying a light band on her 'shoulder. r'" ' 'I' 1 -'' ; "Rena,"' he said quiW, "this' won't do, you will catch a! Serious chill, 'Alke'lald up'.1 You must let ' mo take you within my «, and so keep you' warm'." ' - Rena's heart - rose'" uhn one great throb, and stood still. '"No-rio! "\shed to her Hps, bub did !n'ot pass them." She'halpso." 1 "Then put tho'-ulstcyound us- both!"1 she rwhispcred; her volco falAhfer to apeak otherwise. '"""So! " hd answered, "tV vill bo better!" He -Sat down:by her, and pang his -arm round' her, draw her closo to him, Uding the ulster about ibem botlr/but'themajoriVt ovcr'her.!' 44 Lay your head against e ! " he said under 'his 'breath;rand'drew the dearVid-down ori his heart that beat so madly under tflight .pressure. 'There 'was scarcely any niorb'porof self-control now 'that' she 'wis irrhla arms, f«d to ins breast; and she was trembling from head foot— not with cold "now!, lie knew,'1 He dld 'stmta a'minute, but it 'was 6f no 'use. ' no pressedU1 slight form yet closer to liim. and bent his fa to hers. ' She felt hl's hot tcars ott iier brow, and she half lifted her face, liis \varmi qulvering lipflEro on hers, cling ing to them In long passion' Capture. It waa ! minute's beforo they 'stirred, Iq: that the girl's 'arms stoles about her lover's'neA clinging to him' ; —she pleading, yielding, glyinLrself up to him anew; but moro utterly, 'nioro Vfectly tlian 'six : months ago, for now she was chid, softened; re pentant; and tolieh at last'lor anUtant ho lifted ! bis head; .she -whispered broken! "Forgive— for give!" ' -4\ - " "Darling!" ho 'said passionatt . "there was wrong in both, but most in mo. 1 r|c no allowance for your youth'and ignorance; 1 wasWly wounded .'that you could doubt me; 1 was pat/ and would 'tiot explain!" ' ' 5 \ ' " ' ' "Husli! ' Oh! Ernald, you bresLy heart!- 1 ought to have had faith. Ihavemade l suffer aol " She bowed her head, sobbing; biifcA bent down and lifted her' face, and kissed 'tLars away, soothing her tenderly. \ ;l "It Is all over," ho whUpored, "wift heart to heart once more, dearest; wc have bothffered tbo 'much' for our folly to be parted by-itkin; My senseless pride kept me from you, Renal1 thought 'you would still doubt me, and still' Ibuld not 'stooh to oxblanatio'n." . . ' !'V "I want nono, Ernald; I ought neifco havo ' wanted it. Before a week wab passed I' wd have 'given all" tho'world' to have thrown m'ysolV your foot, and beg your forgiveness; but I v/aspidui thought you might turn froni me thinking. Would j 'doubt you again, when the first impulso <Lrbtv ' | was' over! " ? ; \ ! ' "My darling!" prossliig her yet closer iiim. "How. could 1 havo turned from you ? But haps 'the longer suffering Ifas' been best for ub/ Woth needed' tho clta'stcnirig. If I could only 'sebnr 'dear face distinctly! ' My lips must take tho Ve, because my eyes can do so litllo." ' " ' " \ \- Rena flushed even in -tho darkness, buftje "nestled to liim in a bewilderment of happiness, y let him kiss her at his will. \ ' They took no heed of snow or wind. - They\ r nob knoiw whethor it was winter or' summer; U forgot all about tho anxiety of friends; litis dun 'deserted shed was all tho -same to them' aa. 'luxurious room, with -crackling yulo«log'.:inJl 'chimney. The thud of the snow was ns musical-.! tho ripplo of tho flames. That is; if -they heard \ 'at all.' Probably tlioy iiidn't;'- they neither, hear nor -know anything outside1 of each' ether; -Wer they rfot lo'vdrs P, LoVorSf. too; who had-becnparto and met tlius strangely, to plight their troth anew ! "It Is a blessed time for 'making peace," Ernald said ot- last, in a- hushed voico. /'Christmns'Eve! %qiul-it iniist he Chrislm'ns pinrnlug now; tliu. bolls will bo ringing by-and-by. How strange tlint wo should meet in such a ptaco, at such a. time. Rena, tell me— how was it you cama horo P " ' Tho girl started, and looked -up. 8h« had nlmost forgotten hor dream; It rushed back upim Iter now, fraught with a now meaning. 44 Ernald,?' she said, "it was a drtmn that brought me! " j 4JA.dreaml" . t- . " Y.es— oh I I umlorstand now—God Is very good .to ue,t Ernald. Listen!?' \- And she told him of her dream last night, of her .intense conviction .tliat slio must obcy.it implicitly. ;Euston ( listened .. In silence, and when she had finished sat for a long tline stilly silent, his lips on ,liefs. At. length he said," low and- tremulously, . "Was not I ono in diro need, Rena P .It wan my . spirit tliat ;bado you come.- Heaven knows when, .. bub for tilts, wo . should havo broken down- that , foolish. barrier of pride and diatrust-which eacli had helped to build between us. And 1 camo this way r.to-nlght— no, last night— to sco tlio houso in which . you lived— to bo near you, if only for a little wSillo. Was I obeying somo instinct, as you obeyed the message that went from my heart to yours ? And so twe met, and you are mine again! Nay, you wcro .always' mine! but you are loaning on my breast as you used to do, and love is conqueror; lovo far sweeter, than in tho old timo— isn't it so, dearest ?" < And Rena answered by drawing his faco down to hers,- and pressing hor sort quivering lips on his. - « " "I . ' V" CHAPTER IV. 1 " n&SCUED.; . -1 . t iriien the tardy dawn broke Euston surveyed tbo 'chances of getting away, from tlio Mill. Tlio snow had ceased somo, three hours,. but it would bo lying knee deep, if not more, in tho valley of tho Old .WUl Road.,, .Thcrowas no dwelling nearer. than, the Orapge, and Travip jiyas, even, moro unattainable, ; "It is most likely," Euston said, ,4that your, friend lottie will have told. her fatlier of.your,. expedition, jand they. -will como out('on, horseback to search for you on this road. It is our best chanCe to, wait for jtliem; indeed, I don't, thlnk.it yvould. bo possible to get through, the snow, at present. .If no .pno . comes, .we must .e'en make, the effort.', I . canft hayo .'you .starve," turning to her and taking her in . his arms .again, , T! » j i ».»; . ..But presently both. sprang ,up. . A loiic shout rang Uirough the Jrpstj'.air. J; : < \ "It's Mr. Graiitloy'voico!.'/ cried Rena. claspiug .her hands, "and that's Fred Oh! Ernald— thoy're .coming!'.' 4 They sprang to the door, ' and presently saw throe -horsemen struggling through tho snow, which rose .almost to, the. horses' .withers... .. Euston, uttered a . shout tliat made the welkin ring again, and Rena "waved , her cap wildly. ..'.They , were answered by 'renewed shouts from tho riders, but ib was a long . time beforo these cquid gain tlio Mill, though onco fout of tho valley, progress, was, .comparatively, easy. Then there was embracing, ' and laughing, oqd sobbing, handshaking,, and. explanation,. No one thought of .scolding . Rcua for her -rash expedi tion; how could they, when it had ended so happily for her.? Besides, her dream had come true, though she was very penitent for . giving so much anxiety .and trouble. "Oh! that's nothing," said Mr. Grantluy heartily, /'we're too delighted . to find . you alive to miud what's past. Now you people must eat and drink something before you start homo. We've brought food. and wine and.brandy- with us, and then, Mr. .Euston,. you must mount the led horse, and take up .Rena— you see, we didn't reckon upoo two of you. , Good Heayens, child, .what must .have happened if you hadn't met Mr. Eustonl" , « "Ah! 7 sho said,, flushing a little, and with a light in her dark eyes, "but I toas to meet him. . ;I .told Lottie no harm could come to ,me." , ? < - "Oh! you dreamer of .dreams! ", said, he, .but he looked thoughtful, -for all that. . By-and-by, when .the horses had had a rest, and the prisoners wcro re freshed, they ail. set out for tho Grange. - It was a toilsome journey; but they mado very merry over it, arid whenever possible, Euston dismounted, and led Rena's horse, and when at last they reached the Grange, a fresh ovation awaited them, tho, explana tion of Ernald Euston's presenco.on the scene add ing a still more delightful touch of romance to tl)e . whole drama. . Was ever a happier Christmas Day— . even at . Dunmore Grango, whero Christmas was always a happy season— than this special Christmas jDay of, tho year of Gruce, 188— P . Ernald Euston was of course mado ono of tho faraily, and straight way found a place in the hearts of tho old and the tyoutig. people alike. Lottie told Rena, laughing, that iehe was. jealous of her, but she added, in another )tonc,,4'Hona, I'll never mock, oven in fun, at such dreams as yours. How different your Ufe mightbave been if you had yielded to my dissuasions," ,v The people of Dunmoro and Travis wcro surprised when they heard tliat the Old Mill had been bought ,by,a:London gentleman, tho husband .of tho beauti ful young lady ' who. spent - a recent.. Christmas at Dunmore Grange. Tho Mill was, not altered, only kept in repair, that it should not fall to ruin. What could Mr. Euston want with, the placo,- and was it true, as had been said, that on the wall, just above a half worn-out old bench, , were/ painted these .words: "By ono in dire. need"? Lottio and her parents knew, and Ernald Euston and his young wife knew; it was nothing to tho rest of the world, A whiter in Lippincot's Magazine says : . " woman. :ls primarily n-beinc.who-listons".And a graceless and tlibellous wretch at our., olboyr. says, " Yes, at. a key- bole." ' .. .. I . ,.TfiBr£ngifh, comp|aiD thnt leather is found, in American iuuwigcs ; ond'Ainericnp manufacturers will be so good'ufler this' 'tis -to take off tlio collar before 'using. '" 'ArRAVKLbcx7bn a miserable lean steed was bailed by a Yankee/ who was hoeing : his pumpkins' by tho roadside: M Hallo !- fripnd,V. said tho farmer,,44, where <aro you' bound ?:Y "I'm. going out. to settle |n tbo Western country/' replied the other., - V.Wcll, get off and straddle, this here- pumpkin.-rine .It .wiligrdw and carfy.you faster tban.'thal 'ere beast," .' ; A UAN.wh'ohnd been unfortunate several mornings j'n succ'ossibri in purchasing 'eggs, 'declared that' no Avould rather' bo'obld to tell wgood egg from a bud drib tbkn to bo'FresidentOf the' United States. - "Talk ' of opening oysters," said, old nurricane, "why, nothings easier, if you only: know, bow.!' I" Aud how's how !<"' inquired Starlight, " Scotchsuuff," -answered old Hurricane, very Bentrunjously. -." Bcotcb vsnuff."; Bring a little of it eyr so near their, noses und they'll sneeze their lids off/' " 1 . know ' at genius/' observed MoisterKarl, ".who has a bettor plan. He sprcadsttiio bivalves in a circlb; seats hitnsolf in the 'b-ritro, arid ! begins spiriiiing a yarn. ' Sometimes it's An adventure In Mexico— sometimes o legend of life doves— sometimes a marvellous stock transaction.. As iho procoeds the , natives' get 'interested— one by- one tbey. gnpo with astonishment at , tho tremendous and .direful .whoppers which are poured forth, and tu tbey gape.my frieud whips, 'em out,, peppers Vui, and J wallows 'em." "That'll do," said Starlight, with u ong sigh. "I wish wo had a bushel of tue bivalves here now— thoy'd pnen easy/ - s Ribiao outfrotn'MurfreOsboro' toWards -Noshvilld, 1 turned to the ri|ht. to strike a part' of tho battle- grdund.and in 'going lmlf-a-mile l found three roads branohing off..- All: looked alike, and puzzling over it 1 rode back to whero aiiegro: was working.aTongsido tlio road, and aeked : " Onn you lull mc where tliat right-huqded road leads to ?" . "Yes, sail.. Yoii keep right on d«t roud an' you'll, riz a hill. Den you'll go fryeu somc,wood8. X)cn you'll go down hill an' cross . aoranch, on', go' up ntioder frill an' bo right dor!" Right whero?"' "I dnnrio,' snlij' but it's a plain road," " Whero docs the middle ono go to 1" Wall, you'll go freu de wdods fust. Den yod'il come to an ole imilo balked wida load of wood. Dun you'll wind nroun a hill nn'tnKo aslant to.de right, .nud-by keepin'- -straight on you'll see. do place. "What S luce I dunno, sah. bnt I reckon you'll find him own in dnr, somuwhar'." "And the other road?" " Dat's do bcsVono . of, all. Arter you branch off you'll soo' a fence. Den you'll turn to do right and see ti big log' ba'n. After yon pass the' ban you'll likely seo 'iuy brudder Jim cuttin out cotton. Duan' mind him, but keep on across do branch, slow nroun' to do left a leltlo, un nrter yon ris de hill you nin nil right." 4"-IIow all right? Whoro'll 1 Ije tlicn?" "1 dunno, sab ; Izo nobor up as fur as <fot H yon doaq,' want to. seo nobody, nor go nnwhnr', nor find nofltn/ yqi>'(l, better stick to tho pjko. You'll meet some- bqdy-qd thepiko who'll toll ye whnr to make & short 'cut to! Tilt db'zact plriritiishnn !" ' ' ;TiiE- supe?intehdent of th'e Laclrine Cannl, Canada Idiscpuragcs bathing in -that estuary by .confiscating kho cobtumes of the bathers; - The other day a mm- yas 'obliged. to walk -homo- .wrapped np io «p fluii,- IbarroL 