A FLutta :HDALE t;l1ta at tavY. There are who say that ghossl do walk at niaht. The restless spirits of the happy dead, Foul haggard fonms, y'ladde itn purest white. (For further intormtlion, ride Stead). And ghosts there are- ghostsseen through spirits lad, t Or fusel oil, or call it what you may : Of these I write. These waw our hero, Padd Y' Flynn, who laid thenm out at Break-o'u Day. Our hero lived at Break-o'-Day, A calm secluded spot : Ills name was l'atri?k Flynn, we'll say, Becatuse, ill fact, 'twas not " ar from the crowd's Ignoble strife," lia \ay was calm but slow; lie ledk strict Ihie- rlhbon life Wheiever funds were low. But sorry is that lot, I ween, All s ork, and naught of play ; Pat thonhlt so ton. For chlange of scene, lie hlied him into Yea. Ile met with many friends thet day, A merry lime they spent, Andl enily Iassed the hours away In vinous ntterriment. And loid their Inugh of care beguiled, BIlut fulln meet have all end ; Pat fondly tthought of wife and child When he'd no more to spend. His horse was brought, away he went, The steed i safety tire ; Ills mnster, semi-wno.tllnlent, As oft he'd been before. And Paddy'e thoughts would backward rOanl, Ills soul was still in Yea; And, as lhe gently amblhd home, lDreamted not of washing day. When round his throneat a strangling clutch llo felt, The 'sequent tlludt Annoyed our hero very much, And roused Ihis Celtic blood. Then up lie sprang, prepared to fly, Or fight- for fight he could What grizzly phantoat s met his sight And froze him where he stood ? The scene tile bavest migllt appall; Before his awe.struck sight Were gruesonme spectres, headless all, And dressed itn grave-yard while. And elfish arms were thrown around, Legs kicked in frantic glee, Andti bodies tuuved without a sound In ghostly revelry. Transfixed Ihe stood, and sore dismayed, 111i nerves upon the rack, L'ntil reflection lend himl aid And called Ills courage back. Qutth Pat, his speech a little thick : L I'll meet with no mishap,, A disembodied leg can't kick, At least not worth a rap." A ru.sh, a tearting soundi , tas prone .Plit fell upon hIls inose, He muttered wIth hi art-rending grona, " lGreat Scott I tile mdssus' clothes." Of wifely jibe at bed and onad Ills best friends never knew ; But now, whene'er he goes ahbrod, lie wetrs the ribbon blue. -R. Swivi lI.T., in tile Yea Cdroalicle. 