-THE. |ECfiET OF THE GROWING ; GOLD. iS. . v BT RBAV fimveit. jHjphiaB i Huettet. Dalandr west Is Iitb ol Bock tha whole neighborhood awoke to pfe»ore' of an entirely new scaodaJ. Soafcdals in : connection with either the Deundro family or tlie Brents of Brent's -Bocfc..WM80iH few. end .if the secret hiiterr el. the., coootjr. bed been ' wrltUn m full atfc names would hava been found well Ifewrtented. It is true that tha sUtus of 'cH' . was ; so ; different .that., they might havn bsionecd to different continents— or to1 different worlds for the. matter of that— for hitherto their orbits had never crowd. The Brent wore accorded by the whole section of iho country and unique social dominance, and hail ever tela themselves as hitrh above the yeoman clwe to which Margaret iWandre todomrrd, as a blue-blooded Spanish hidalgo out-tons his peasant tenantry. , ' TheDetaudrcfi had an ancient record and «n« pruua of It In their-w.y « tin Brcnt. »«oof toein.;- ' But thn family h.<l Hove cisea aboeo yeomanry ; and although they had been once well-to-do in the pood old times of foreum.war and protection, their fortunes hail withered under tha scorching of tbu free trade sun and the piping times of peace." Thry 'had.as the ehler members used to assort, r.V stock, to tthe land," with the result that .they had .tAken root in it, body auii on!.' 'In fact,, they, having chosen the life of WeceUblev, had flourished a- vegetation Uow- blossomed and thrived in the good «caon, nnd Suffered in ths bad. Their holding, Dander's Croft, seemed to bavs been worked out, and to J» k£Rical of the family which had inhabited ft, .The latter bad declined generation after generation, sendiug nut now and sgain some abortive shoot of unsatisfied energy in t ho shape 'of a. tailor or soldier, who had worked 'tds'way to thu minor grades of the services and bad there stopped, cut short either from tin ..needing gallantry, in action or from that do- JtCSffuiffj. ctosn to men without breeding or .youthful care— the recognition of a position abovo tliein which. they fuel unfitted in Till. So, -little by little, the family dropped lower and tower,' . the men brooding and diuatU- fled, and drinking themselves into the ; grave, th» wbm»n drudging ut home,' or marrying beneath them— or worn-, In process of timo nil disappeared, leaving only twointh Croft, Wykhntn Dehudre otid his >;aittcr Margaret.' The man and vrumsn eeemeri ' lo bare inherited in inuncnline und feitnnimi form, respectively the evil tendency. of their ,f»o< sharing In common the principle, thmigh UianifeHtlng them in different wuy. of Mid den'. portions, voluptuounnexa and reckless- The hUtorv of thn Brents had been fometbing similar, huh allowing thu causes of decadence in their ivrutti- '.ratio.', nod not their pleUmn forme. They, -toq bad sent thsir shoots to the wars; but , their position had been different, and they hail often attained honor— fot without tlsw they ' WfrW gallant, and bravo deeds were done by . them, before tho selfish dissipation which jnariced them had sapped their vigor. The present head of the family— if family it could now be called, when on alone remained ; of the direct line— won Gooffrey Brent, lie ' waf almost atypo of a worn-out race, innni- festiug in some ways its most brilliant qualities, v and in other its utter moral degradation. lie : might bn fairly compared with some of lho«u antique Italian nuble wham the punters have preserved to us with their courage, their un- acniptdoasness, their refinement of lust and rOrnuty— the voluptuary actual with the bond potential. Ho was certainly handsome, with Ihatdsrk. acquiline. commanding boatity which ' women so generally recognise as dominant. With man hn was distant and cold ; but such » beaiingnrver deter womankind. Thn in- : Wrafcable laws of sex have an arranged that eryaa ntuid woman is not afraid of a tiercv and . haughty mat). Ami so it vva that there was : hardly a' woman of uiiy hind or degree, who \- lived within view of Brent's Ilock, who did aot obcriah tome form of soorut admiral ion for the handsome wastrel. Tho category u ;uu .Wide one, for Brunt's Bock ro«e up steeply from thn mid?t id n level region, und for a circuit of it hundred miles It lav on the horizon, ' With its high old towers and etoep roofs cut ting the level edge of tho wood and hamlet, /and far-scattered mansions. ' So. ' long as Geoffrey Brent confined hi dissipations to Londnu and Paris nnd Vienna— anywhere out of sight and sound of hi home -opinion was silent. It ut easy to listen to- far dfl echoes unmoved, and wo can fecit ' them with disbelief, or acorn, or dudpih, or Whntpvcr nttilU'io of coldness may Must our frpose, Bnt when tho scandal (Aim clove mo it waiam-thur matter : and Abe feeling iitdepuno .ice nnd integrity/ which is in ...peoulft of eyt-iy community whim is not nttrilv afrerted itself an<b<fcmaii<fed that 'ondemaqUoa flwpoujd b< eSLnis»ed. Still -.there ..,¥ cetfr,,, rtticcncfl in : SU,,hy1ij«t3B ""'-""//Loucc h»a. taken San wis abinlately £52slr i Delandro bore hersulf so JHkvJHvso nprnly— she accepti'd her jV/L39KilW'justified companion of Geoffa-y I'"1 people catze to believe secretly tnampd to him, und V l- !ywlia# thought it wiser to hold their tongues ijAit iiifa'shouid justify her and also make bur lojan aotiyeeoemy. BA' Tho ooo person who, by his Interference, fO toutd bavo S'ttledall doubts was debarred by Mcirtttmstancf strum interfering in iho matter, rijf-Wykhnm Delandro hod quarrelled with In ' lister— or perhaps It was that aba bail qunr- relied with him— and thry wira on tvrms not 'merely of armed neutrality .but of bitter L hatred. Tlio quarrel had been antecedent tu . ' Margaret going to Brent's' lt->ck. She and . - Wykham nod almost cotnu tu blows. Thero liaa certainly been threats on nuestde and tin . the other ; and in tho end Wykhnm. < overcome with passion, had ordered V bis sinter to. leavo his house. -She r bad', risen Straightway, and without waiting to pack up even her mvn personal \- behinsingt, had walked out of thu house. On -the threshold she had iMinuid for a moment to .' hurl a bitter threat at Wykhuin that hn would v rue in ihatnesnd despair to the last hour of hi '. .life his act of that day. Sumo week bad siucn i .-passed t. and tt was unduratuod in tin neigh- '. .fwrhood that Margaret bod goaa to Lonihm, & 'when the suddenly apueared driving out with A .QtoSrvy Brent, and the entire neighborhood Jioew before nightfall thatahe had taken up her V . abode at th" Bock. It was no subject of sui- gnrle thai Bront hadciims buck umxpccU-d!y, y: Iveeuch .was hi usual custom. Bvn his own rHertantaaeyeT. knew when, to ex|:ct hiin, for ' ilSnBuwaa ft Pr,Tate (l00 (|f which lie alunu ' bad tlfc-key, or. which he sometimrs entered. 1 -wilhmitNnyjne lift the hmne btung aware of bis coming. Thin WKSVfts'nsanl method of appearing after a long aUbthcu. v Wykham Delandre was furious at the news. JUt vowed vengeance— and tu keep ids mind r - level with his passion drank deeper thnu ever. ' He tned'severaltlmoa tn see his sister, but elm \- contemptuously refused to meet him. He tried to have an interview with Brent and wsa refused by him also. Then liu tried to atop fclui In the road, bus without avail, for Geoffrey was bos a man to be stopped against his will, ttoveral actual encounter took place between t-ttm two tni'n, and many tnore wcru threatened < nnd avoided. At last W.rkham Drlandre s-i»ettlad down to a morose, yengcful occeptuncu ;-nf the situation. Neither Margaret nor Geoffrey was of o Kbi&o; temperament, nnd it wn not lung foti-!the(eb"gnntobe quarrulii bnween them. Ont > thing would le ad to another, and wine . < flowed freely at Brent' B-ck. Now nnd again the quarrels would mimiihq a bitter :l Aspect, ' tud . threats would bu ex- / ebanred. In unooinpromiilng language that ' ; fairly awed the<listcning servanta. But such . jquarrtls ffetierally esdnd where domestic .'.' it«rcatieos:do, ln rcconciHaii;)n, ami in n "flltliual'frtpeot for the fiahting qualities pro- ' partiOBEto, to. their manifestation, righting fcji Bs silni lilni ti fmnil hf a certain class ui 'i7,psronvilVtbs' world over, tn be smaller ol 'ibifiyhing interest, and tfaera Is no rt-nsim to 'vwliero tbati domestlo candillnns .ininimi»n 4gfil potency. Geoffrey nnd Margaret luadu \- csohiomI obseoces from Brent's Bock, and oil V&PMh;'Ot tlieae occashuis Wykbam Drlandra i»'blso nbaented bimwlf; bat as lie generally of llie absence too late, to be of any ser- returned hnme each time 10 a more hWtaf -Md discontented frame of miud than y/lgfocf.- . . last these catne a lime when the absence t&flEto; Brunt's Hock became longer than before, gffig|y a few days sarhes-ttu-ra had been a rajEjilffeS; exceeding in hittemass .anything JHobhad gonn before: but this, t«»u rflka,'. been ' m.ufe up, and a' trip on the fqptHltinant had been mentioned beforo ilm IgSsgtBais. After a few daya Wykhatn Delnndru adao went awaw and it was some wrnks hrfure #M>turn«d..'lt was noticed that lis was full 'gt'.'abbie new, imponaaoe-r-sstbfactinii, exult- M,tkrtbVy ' hardly knew how to cnU It, He Vwenk straightway tt> Bt'ent's Rock and dc- Mgtoded to lee'Geoffrey Brent, nnd on bring .' A AoW thatlu'.bed notyrtmnrnsd, said, with a drcisijjA which tlie irrvants noted ic?i)5vyr>I ahftUoms again-. .My news is solid— it and turned away. Week after Svfek went by, and month nfcer month ; and &'\i|lwn>l»efr ' mmiir.' orrtifled later on, > lhaiattacci i lit had occurred in thu Zermatt w>jjgalley.' .» AVbilat croMinu p, dnng'roui pass the rjrA-go containing un Kugh»h laiiy ur.d tha 2flFcyhfidfallea'uvera irrcqitce, the gentle- IJmIHp ut th> party. Mr Geoffrey- Bren. having Srti.fofttmntely'Uved as tie wan walkiog up fejKip.Amll' to- ease- the horse. He .nvg'- ipfortnatum. amL.u-iEeh was made. HsTlfe>jnr<ikep rai1,..tho exooiiated read way, tfia tr-arke' wtium the, horses had struggled 4t'ih's<ltc)iii< V fore finally Ditching over into <%<<|fc4'U)rfaotJe-aU- told the-sad tale. It was a «.WerMMrSnd there had been much snow in &Sgmviit;«fv ao that the rivet was swollen be- rnnal Vtdatne. and tha eddies nf 'tho ffijjftoiu 'arnii jwrlr nd with ice. All search «n SMIilfL 'lMilni1lr " wreck of tba carriage of mm borwi were femd in an jBUtfetas)v«r,l tiatcr on tbo fwdy td.lbc ths sandy. . toraaMWrt My oCUw fidn like Itot of the-other borse, bad quite disap- (eearedr and was— what was left ol it, by that time— wblrliug amongst thu tddiv of the Boone on its way down to the Lake of Genera. . . Wytcham Delondre made all the rnquirUs powible, but. could not find any trace of '.he missing woman. Hn found, however, its the booksin! thu variou hoteL.the ninw of "Mr and Mrs Geoffrey Brunt," And he had a itouu erected at Kenavtt to hU »i«ier'« memory, under her marrfed name, and a tubfet put up in the church at Brettn, the pari«b in which botu Brent's Hock and Dander's Croft were situated. .There was a lapse of nearly a year, after the excitement of the matter had woin away, and the whole neigbborhuol had gone on tu accustomed way. Brent was still absent, and Delsndro morn drunken, mora morose, and more revengeful than b-fore. Then there wt a miw.f-xcitement. Brent's Bock wo being made ready for an«vr mistreia It was officially announced by Geoffrey himself in a letter to the Vicar, thot h« had betu mar rind some month bt-forn to ati Italian lady, und that they were then on their way hoiri". Thon a small army of workmen invaded thu housn ; ami hummer nnd piano sounded, and a general air of tiro and paint pervaded tho atmosphere. Qui wing of tho old house, thu south, w.0» entirely re-done ; and then thu groat body of tlio workmen departed leaving only materials for the doing of tliouldhall.wheti Geoffrey Brunt should have returned, for he had dirt cted that the decoration was only to bn tlotio under his nun eyes. He bad ifor.ght with him nccurnto drawing of a hall to thu huu»e of hi bride's father, for hu wiahud to reproduce for her the place to which she had bctnacciutotned. As the moulding had all to be re dune, some scaffolding Kites anil boards wire broeght In aud laid on oue aide of thv treat hnl),.and nlsoogrest wiHxltti tnuk or box for taixihgthuliDiu, which was laid in bags brsido When thanewmistressof BrentV Rnck arrived thn Imlls of the church rang out, and there was a general jubilatiuti. She was a beautiful creature, fall of the poetry and tire and paaainn of thn South : and the few Knghsh words which she had learned were -spoken hi such a swret out J pretty broken way that she won thu buarw ot thn proplnaltuvat as much by the tauMc of Inryoicu as by the melting beauty ol her dark eye. Godfrry Brent sertncdmoie happy than he led over before' apneared ; but there was a dark, a»xtou hstk on hi face that was new to tlinic wbu kimw him of old, and In Uiirtud at tiiiiu. a though as raue noise tiint wm un heard by nthsr. And su months paso.-d and thn whisper grew that At last Brunt s lU>ck was to nave an heir. Geoffrey was very lender to his wife, and thu new bond luitwreti them seemed to soften him, lie tool: inoruiuteri-Ht In his tenants and their lined than hn had ever done, and work nf charity on hi part a well a on tnissect young wile's were not lacking, llo seemed to have net nil hi hope on the child that wns coming, and as he l.wkiV. deeper into thu future the dark shadow that had cumu over his face vceili'-d tu die gradually awuv. All the time Wykh«m Defend re nursed his revenge. Deep in his heart had grown up a pur) of vengeance which only waited an opportunity to crystallise nnd take a definite shape. His vague idea was tuiiiHhnw centred in the wife of Brunt, far hu know that ho could strike him bum through thane bn loved, and the aiming time seemed to hold in its womb the opportunity for which he longed. One night hu sat nlonn in the living room of his house. It had mice burn a hand some room in its way, but timo aud neglect had dnnn thvir work, and it was now htlfe bettor than arum, without dignity or pictures quem-iu of any kind, ltu hail been drinking heavily for soine time and was moru than naif stupifted. H« thought be heard a noiso M of someone nt thn door ami looked up. Then hn called half savngrly to come in: hut ihurc was no response. With a muttered bkwphemy he renewed his potations- Presently he forgot all around htm, sank into a dsx.% but suddHidy awoke to see standing Worn him some one or something like a battered, ehouly edition of his sister. For a few moments tii;:rr« caiiks upon him a sort of fear. The woman before htm. with distorted features and burning eyes seemed hardly hutnsti, and iho only thing that seemed a reality nf his sister, » she hud beun, was her wuulth of co'den hair, and this was now treakuil with grey. Shu eyed her brother with a long, cold staro; nnd he, too, a ho looked nnd began to realise thu actunliiy of her presence, tound the hatred nf her wldcli he had had, otc- again surging up in his heart. All tho uioadiuff passion of thu past year suemud to liud a voice t once an hu nuked tier ' "Why aru you here? You'ru dead and burled," . " t am here, Wyklmm Dulsndre, for no love of ymt, but tuoausn I halo another even mere than I do you ?" A great passion blswri in her eye. "llim?"hu asked, in mi tierce a whisper that even the' woman was for au Instant startled till she regained her calm. Ycv, him 1" she answered. "But make no talstaku my revenge is div own. and I merely uo you to' help uie to it." Wyktmin asked .suddenly : " Did he inarrv yon ?" The woman's diatortnd face broadened out in a ghastly attempt At a smile. It wits n hideous mockery, for tho broken features nnd seamed scar took strange shape and strange colors, and qucr lines of white showed out ns the strniulag muscles proased on -thu old cica trice. "So you wculd likc.tn know ! It would please your pride to feel that your sister was truly married I Well, yon tlmll not know. That wosuiyreveogeouyod, and I do not mean tu change it by a hair's breadth. I have coino here . to-niKhtrimply to let ymt know that I urn nltvu. in that if unv violonco.hu dotiu tnu where I am gning there iuy bu a witness," " SVhuro oro you going?" armanded her brothi'r. "That Js iny affair I and I have not thn least intention of letting ymt know!" Wyli- ham stood tip, bite thu drink uun on hiir, und hu rnetud and fell. A ho fev on thu fiuur liu announced ids intentiou of (ullowitig his sinter: aud with an outburst of splenetic humor told her that hu would follow her through thu darkness by the light of her lioir, nnd of her beauty. At tliMshti turned on him, and enul thut tncru were oilier beside him that would ruu her hair and her beauty Khi. "Ashe will," aim his-ud ; " lor the hair remains though the beauty he gone. When he with draw tlm lynch-piu ami sent us over the precipice into thn torrent; Im had httlnthought ofmybusutv. IVrhatM Ins bexuty would bn scarred like mine were tin whirled, an I war, atmmg thu rock of thn Visjij and frrrrep on thn icu pack in thn drift of the river. But let him buwsrut 'His time in coining 5" ami with a fierce gesture aim filing npuu the door and passed out into tiio iiigiit. Later on that night, Mrs Brent, who was but half-asleep, hecaum suddenly awaku and ipobn to her husband "Genffiey, was not that the click uf a lock uineuheru below our window ?" But Geoffrey— though she thought that he, tisi. had started at tim nitiin— vmiimI htiiukI asleep, and breathed heavily. Again hfr Brunt doznl ; hut this time awoke tu thn fact that her Inwband had arisen and waa iiartially dressed. He wa deadly pale, aud when the light if the lamp which hn had in hi hand fell on bis face, ahu was frightened at the look m his eves. " What is it, Geoffrey ? Wlitt dnat thou ? " she asked. "Hush! little one," he answered, In a strange, hoarse voice. "Go to sleep, lam restless, and wish to finish homo work X left undone.!' "Bring it here, iuv husband," din said; "I aiu loouly, aud 1 fear when thou art away." For reply he merely kissed her mid went out, closing the door behind him. Sha lay awake for a while, and tbcu nature tusvrfed itself, and she slept. Biiddsqly she started brnod nwnko with tho memory in:hr ear of a nuuthered cry from somewhere, and not far ' off, Hhe Jumped up aud ran to ihedoor ami listuned. but there wo no sound. Hhe grew alarmed for linr husbaud, aiid ca)leU out; " G«iSr»y, Gcolfiry !" Aftt-r afew inonienU tho door of the great hall opened, and Geoffrey, appeared at U, but without his lamp. - "Hp«h J tie eaid, ip a sort of whisper, and tilo voufe wa Imreh wd sturu. " Hush I Urt to bed 1 I am workiug, and mut rtdt bn Uls- tutbed. Go to sfefi aud do nut wake the biounl" Willi a chill iu her heart— for . the harshness of her hnaband' voioe wa new to her— shn crept back to hod aid lay :linru trembling, toa lightened to cry, and listened to every sound. There- wn a long Muse of sitencr. ontl then ttm sound of eomu ireo iraplement striking mufilud blow I Then tuure cstue a cfeng of a heavy stone falling, fol- lowed by a inulUed curse. Then a dragging sound, aod then more uoire of etona on stone. Shu lay all tho while in an aiumy of fear, and her heart b-at 'dreadfully. Shn heart) a curious sort of scraping sound : and then th-ro wus silfiice. Presently thn door opened gently, and Geoffrey appeared,' Hi wife pretended tu be asleep ; but through her eyelashes she saw linn wa»h from his hund something wliitn that. looked like lime. In thn morning liu made on Allusion to the previous night, and she.was afraid to ask ouy questions. From that dty thero seemed some shadow over Geoffrey Brent. He neither ate nor slept as hu had b»tm accustomed, aud his fenner'hsbit of. turning suddenly as though aomaone were ipiakiucfrombthtadhini revived. The old'hall seetiied to have some kind of fas cination fur him. He ucd.tn go there many times in the day kiu grew impatient if anyone, evnhls wife, entered it. VlUrq thn builder' foreman come to enquire abont continuing Ids work Geoff-ey waa nut drivlmr; tho man mot into the 111, and when Gmiffrey relumed tho servant told him of hlo arrival and where be waa, WUK a frightful oath ho puked the rtvasiasidnaad harried np to thn oM hail. ,Thn gnrktnan me t him Almost at tliedoor.iatid Ah Geoffrey imrit into Urn rootn he ran against him. "The man apoh-gnwd— '"B«fr|>xrJoii. air, bail waa just going nut to mm enqalnao. I directed twclre sacks of lime to te sent here, but I see there are only tun." " Damn tlii ten sacks and the twelve to-J 1 wa the ungracious and incomprehensible ru- juiodur. 1 Tho wrrkmau h.okwl iurprised, and tried to turn the cyuverati m. "I »ue. sir, there is a little matter which our people must have tlooe; but the g ivunmr will of c »urau sue it set riglit at hii own cjjI." | "What (hi you mean!" "Tnat Vre arthsfenr, sir. Home idiot must have put a ncsffehl pole on it and cracked it right down thutuiddfe. nnd it' thick mi ugh you'd think to stand hanyihlnk". Geoffrey wa silent fer quite n minute, aud tnen said in a constrained voici nnd with much gentler manner : "Tell your people that I am not going on with the werk in thu hall at present. 1 wane to leave it a- it is for a while lunger." 'All right sir. I'll send Up a few of our chap to take away tht>n pnlus aud liino bsg and ti.lv tho placunpab i." "No! No!' said Geoffrey, " Icavo thum vdurt they are. 1 nhall send anil cull von when you aru to g-t on with thu work." Ho thu foreman wont away, nud his cuininunt to hi master wn — " I'd seiid thu bill, sir, f-n thu work already dune. 'IVuretu inu that inoncy's a little thaky in that quf»rter." Oucu ur twico Dulandm tried in stop Brent on the road, and, Htlast, finding thai hu could not attain his object rodu after thu carriage,' calling out: " What hn becorat of my sister, your wife ?" Geoffrey lavlied his Intra t-s into a gullop, and thn other, seeing front his white fncu and from his wifu'n coIIapm: nlieost into a feint that hi object wns attained, rode nWsy with A rcowl and a laugh. That night whun Geoffrey went Into tho hall hnpasird over to thu great fireplsci, and sll at once started back with a nuuthered cry. Tlivn with an effort he pulhd himself together and went away, returning with n light. Hu bent down over thu broken huarth-siunH to seu if lbs ntoonl'ght, falling thr.itigli the storiiil window Had ill any way deer >vrd htm. Then with a groan of anguish ho tank to his knees. There, sure enough; through the crack in the broken stone were protruding n multitude of threads of golden hair Just tinged with stov 1 He was disturbed by A noise at tlio door. And looking round saw his wife standing in tim doorway. In the desperation of the mnmoiit hu took action to nrevuntdi'cnvcry. mui lighting a match nt tho lamp stooped down nod burm-d away ill hair that rose th/oueh thu broken tlouv. Thtm rising us hdnciiuhuitlv ao he could, hu pretended siimmo ut seeing hi< wife beside hlrii. For thu next we-k he lived in anngor.y: for, whether by nccidi-nt or dcxign. hu could not find himself ahum in thu hall for any lunglh of tluif. At uauli visit thu hair liud grown ufresh through thu crack, aud a hu hud to watch it carefully lest his tflrriblu secret should hn discovered. Hn tried t'j find u ruccptaclu for thn body uf the rmmlorud woman a outside the house, but suiii'-onu Always hitu ; arid oncti when hn was coming out of the private doorway liu was met by his wife, who b-gan to question him about it, and matnfested surprise thpt she should unt have before nntic-d the key which hu now rcluctnnfkv showi-d her. G<-offrcy dearly nnd |ias.iuiiately lowd ui wife, so that any possibility of her discovering hi dread secrets, or even of doubting him, filled liiiu with snguirh : .tud after ft coupl'- of days had pauml. liu could out help coining to thn couulusiun that, at least, ehv surptcted something. That verv uvenirg shn rnu into thu halt after her drive and found him there sitting moodily by the deserted fireplace. Hho spoku to bira directly. "Geoffrey. I have been spoken to by that fellow Drlandre, and he says horrihln things. He tell to tun that a werk ngahi sister re turned to fiiis house, thu wrrck and ruin of hi-r former self, with only her golden hair a of old, and announced some fell intention. Hu asked tnu where ahu is — aud oh. Geoffrey, she t dead, she is dead 1 Hu how can shn have re turned? Oil I I ant iu dread, and I know tint where lo'lurn 1" For answer, Geoffrey burst into a torrent of blasphemy which made lu-r shudder. ITu cursed Datamini and his sister unci sll their kind, aud inequ-ciul he hurled ciiisu after uurso up liirgolden liuir. "Oh. hush 1 hush! ''she said, nnd wn then slh'ttt, lor she fesri'd her husband wlmu shu stw tin evil -ffrctof his iiuinor. Geoffrey iu the torrent of his anger stood up and moved away from the earth; hut suddenly stopped rut hu saw a new lode of terror tu his wife's eye. H» followed their glance, arid then he, too, shuddered— for there on the broken hearth- stqmi by a golden streak as tho points of thu hairs rostt through thu crack. "Look, look 1" shu shrieked, " It is soma ghost tif tho dead ! Gotuo away— cotnu away 1" nmlenzitigliur husband by tlih wrist with lh« frenzy ol .tnadtieas,' situ pulled him from thu That night she was in a raging fever. Tim doctor of thu district Attended her at once, and stwcml aid was telegraphed for to London. Geoffrey was in despair, and in Ins nmnurii nt the danger of Id young wife almost forgot his own crime and its consequences. In the even ing the -doctor hail to leavu to attend others ; but he left Geoffrey in charge of hi wife. His kst ' wordB were : " Retnembw, you must humor her till I come in thu morning, or till somn other doctor Has her cash in hand. What you have to dread is another attack of emotion. See that situ b kept warm; Nothing more can bo done." Lain in thu evening, when the rest of thu household hud retired, Geoffrey's wife got Up from her bid and culled to In r husband. "Cornel" she said. "Cunrj to thu old halt I I know where the gold cuitu-a from I I want to seu it grow 1" Geoffrey would fain havu stopped her, bur ho feared for her life or reason onilieorm hand, aud less in a paroxysm sliu slistild shriek out her terrihlu euqiicioit, and seeing that it wa useless Pi try to pruvupt her. wrapped a warm rue around her and went with bet- to thu old hall. V/heii tluiv untorud, she turned nnd shut the door and locked it. " Wo wsuit no stranger ninoiigzt us three W-oighi !" rile whispi-red with a wan 8111110, " Wo threw I nay w- nr.- but two," ndd Geoffrey with a shudder ; hu feared tu nay " Hit here," said Ids wife o» she put out thn light. "Hit hereby tlm heartburn! watch tho gold growing. Tim silver moonlight is Jralounl Hue it steals along the floor tuwaril tho cold— our gold I" Gc-iffrey looked with growing horror, ami saw thut luring thu hour that hull passed thngohfeu hair lind protruded further through' the broken heurihstone. Hu tried tobidu it by plscincr his feet over tint broken pluc; nnd hi wife, drawing her chair brudu hint leant over and laid her head on his shoulder. ' Now tlo not stir, dear." she said : "let u sit still and watch. Wa shall find III-- secret of tho growing culd I1' liu paused Ilia arm round her and sit nlfeut ; and a the moonlight utoln along the floor sha entik to 1 1« feared tn wakn her; and so sat silent and miserable tui the hours stole away. Before hie horror-struck eyes the golden hair from the broken stouo grew and grew ; and as it increased, ao Inn heart got coldrr and colder, till at last hn had not power to tir. and sat with eyes full of terror watching Ins doom. In the morning when thn London doctor came, neither Geoffrey nor hi wife could bo found. B-urch was made in nil thu rooms, hut without avail. A a lust rrsoutce thu great door. of thu old hull wa broken open, and those who cutereil naw a grim and aurry sicht. There by thn deserted hearth Geoffrey Brent and his young wife sat cold and white and drad. Her tac« was peaceful, and her eye were closed iu sleep; but hi fece war a sight that made nil .who raw it shudder, for there was on it it look of unutterable horror. The i-yt were ojton, and ston«d glnastly at Ids feet, which were twined with tresses of gulden hair, strraked with grey, which cauir through the broken hearthstone. 