CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE AVENGING HORSE. A MEXICAN SUPERSTITION AND ITS INTERESTING ORIGIN. Une day aa the lreigM train running trom San Franoisco to San Jose rumbled around & sharp curve just outside the City of San Jose, a white horse sprang on the track and raced down toward the town in front of the engine. . For a mile the train did not gain on him. Then the unequal footing of the crossties and the pace began to tell on the white steed, and the engine crept slowly up to him. The engi neer gave a few shrieks of the whistle to Bcare the horse from the track, but he kept right on in front, running with the speed of a racer, with his long tail streaming in a straight line behind him. The engineer saw a stock gap in front half a mile away, and again pulled the whistle. The horse Bimply let out a few links and went on. The engineer got mad. He pulled the throttle open and went after the white phantom at a tnirty- miles-an-hour clip. He was a bare hundred feet behind the horse when the animal reached the stock gap and plunged in among the open ties and fell. The pilot struck him, ground the life out of him in an instant, and then ploughed into the dirt on the oppo site side of the track. The engineer swore a few choice oaths and jumped out of theoab. The horse was dead as a door nail, and the engine had left the rails. "Another Buit for the Company," said the conductor as he came up. "How did you do it, Jim?" "Oh, I don't know," answered Jim in a surly way. " The brute got on' the track and just stayed there till I struck him. He waa possessed of the devil, I guess." They had to send to San Jose for the wreck ing engine to put the train baok on the rails, and while they were waiting a Mexioan rode along the road beBide the traok, He pulled up hia broncho to see the wreok. "Caramba, senor," he exclaimed, turning pale and trembling, " it is Yasjjuez's horse. And he mounted ms pony as quickly as pos sible and sped off down the road. " Who the dueoe is Vasquez ?" asked Jim, " from the way that Greaser got a push on him self you'd think we'd killed a ghost." " If that's Vasquez' horse as the Greaser Baid, you have killed a Mexican ghost," said the conductor, and he walked over and looked at the dead animal lying under the front wheels of the engine. It was Vasquez' horse. The whole country knew it the next day. He was twenty years old and totally blind when he met his death in front of the freight train, and for ten years bad roamed over the unoccupied land about the lower part of Santa Clara County free as a bird and feared by the Mexicans more than a lion, He was called by them the "white devil," and it was their belief that he was pos sessed of a soul mortgaged to the evil one-the soul of Vasquez. It is a strange tale that the old Mexican mothers tell of this white horse. Vasquez was the moBt noted bandit of the early days of California. He bid defiance to the law, eluded the detectives and searching Earties for years^and killed and robbed half a undred men. He roamed over the State of California from the north to the south, leaving desolation and death in his wake. He sur rounded himself with a band of desperate Mexicans, and terrorized entire communities. Lone travellers by day and by night were Btopped on the road and relieved of their cash, and often of their lives. A quiet village on the San Joaquen Valley would be awakened at the dead of night by the rush of sounding hoof beats. Timid men would pull the oovers about their heads and shiver. Next day the principal store in the place would be found open, the safe robbed, valuable goodB taken, and the guardian, if it had any, dead with a bullet in his head or a knife wound in bis heart. Vas quez had been there. One day the stage was rattling down the road from one of the mountain mines. The Wells-Fargo box was heavy with bullion, and half a dozen aimed guards sat in the coach. The driver sat on the box with a Winchester between MB knees, and chatted with another guard who aat beside him balancing a shot gun serosa his lap. They were talking of Vasquez.' " They say he alters rides a white hoBs, and dresses like a dandy," Baid the driver. " Wieh't he'd jump ther gun- site stage onc't when the boys is aboard." Two horsemen, dressed in the tinselled Mexican oavalier costume, rounded a turn in the road just in front of the stage, and came riding toward it. One of them bestrode a white horse. They cantered up. The man on the white horse went to the right and his com panion to the left of the Btage. Suddenly they, reined up. " Pardon, senor; will the aenor give me a light for me cigarette?" The driver good-naturedly pulled up and leaned over from his seat with the big cigar whioh he" waa smoking extended between nis fingers. He was met with a snap shot straight in the brain, and tumbled headlong into the dust. At the same instant the guard lurched and fell forward under the horaea with a ball in his forehead. A dozen men sprang from the underbuBh beside the road and shoved the muzzles of their rifles throngh the stage door on either side. Taken by surprise, not i» weapon waa drawn by the guards. The strong box was lifted from the boot, the men inside were disarmed wnile the robbera' rifles stared them in the eyes, and then the merry company, with many jokes about the dresses they would buy for their senoritas, mounted the horses that were led out of the woods and rode away, he on the white steed humming a bit of some old Spanish love song to the time of hiB horse's step. It was a dreamy August afternoon in Southern California when the Mayor of Los Angelos and a fellow-official were driving along the old Band road through the Arroya Seco toward the town. Over the brow of a hill half a mile in front of them a group of horsemen appeared at a gallop. They swept down the hill and met the Buggy of the Mayor. The galloping horses were yanked baok upon their haunches, and a swarthy Mexioan upon a white horse Bhoved a pistol in the Mayor's face and said, with a show of his teeth in a smile, " Your money, senor!" The Mayor thought it was a joke and laughed. "Quick, quick!" said the horseman as his weapon clicked; I am Vasquez." The Mayor laughed again. "Eef you don't belief me, senor, look 1" He pointed back to the hill, and there ap peared another group of horsemen riding at full tilt from the town. " Quick !" said Vasquez; " I am no fool." The Mayor looked down the pistol barrel at the pair of black, glittering eyes that lined the sights, and put up his hands. He was lightened of his chamois bag of gold, as was his friend, and the bold robbers wheeled and were off at a run, the posse from the tows riding up five minutes too late to catch them or to save the Mayor's coin. The band escaped into the chapparel. Vasquez made hiBtory in this way for five yeats and then was caught like a rat in a trap in a 'dobe house near the soene of the robbery of the Mayor, and was shot down by a news paper correspondent detailed to accompany the search party. He survived his wounds, was taken to San Jose, whereone of his earliest and most atrocious murders had been com mitted, and there met his fate on the scaffold. And now for the horse. Every time the robbers appeared one of them, the leader, would be mounted upon a white horse. That he bad a world of speed was shown in the way that he would gallop away from the rest of the gang when they were pursued. The horse was hitched behind the house when Vasquez was shot. One of the capturing party tried to take him and was severely bitten for his cupidity. The horse broke away, went career ing off towards the canon where Vasquez had had his rendezvous, and was lost to sight. Most people said he died in the mountains of starvation, but the Mexicans say no. They saw him again. The night after Vasquez was hanged a white horse galloped up the street to the gaol, stood a moment at the door, and gave a'neigh. The Mexicans heard in it a oatt to the dead Vasquez. There came no answer to the horse's challenge and he wheeled about and went as suddenly as he came. Then he turned bandit and followed Vasquez's old trails. Once in a while a man would be found on the road with bis body frightfully mutilated and his flesh bearing the markB of hoofs. Some times in the night a white horse would appear at the door of a Mexican cabin in some lonely spot and neigh. If no answer came he would be off like the wind, but if any man dared show himself the horse would attack him with hoof and teeth, and it was seldom that a victim escaped. Time and again he was shot at, and one Mexican buck was foolhardy enough to try to rope him and met a horrible death. The norse bore a charmed life. He became almost as great a terror to the Mexicans as Vasquez had been to the rich Americans. If by chanoe a Mexican's pony got out of the corral and wan dered off in search of grass, the white horse would find him and enlist him. First he had one follewer, then two, then half a dozen. No man could kill them, and no man dared to attempt to capture them. With no loads upon their backs they were fleet as the wind and could ontstrip the best horse with a rider. The Mexicans named the leader the "White Devil," and said that VaBquez lived again in his horse. As the years went by and Vasquez became a memory, and his exploits the theme for children's stories, the White Devil lost his companions. His visits to the vicinity of the little towns became less and less frequent, and then ceased altogether. At long intervals a Mexican would ride in with a report that he had Been the White Devil in some canyon among the hills. Even these reports ceased, and few Americans of the latter days in Cali fornia had heard of him until tne freight train killed the white horse. The Mexicans came for miles to look at him. All of them knew him, at least they &aid; so, and they re speoted him Buffioiently to look at his dead body from a distance. When he was dragged from beneath the engine by the trainmen a horse dootor looked at him. He was a magnificent animal even in death, and the veterinary said that he had been stone blind for years. Vasquez' deeds are history ; the story of the White Devil is a Mexioan superstition. Detroit Free Press. 