The Fever of Life. By Febgttb Hume. Chapter XIX.— THE OUTER DARKXESS. I stand outside in the bitter nifrfit, j Ami beat at the fast-plosed door ; | ' Oh, let mo in to the kinrily light, j (tivo back to me days of yore.' j ]3ut an nnjrcl snys, with a frowning brow, j ' The past win no power restore. j You must dwell in the outer darkness now j For ever and ever more.' ' | J iirougn tiie warm summer mgiit. her heart filled with rage, humiliation, and despair, fled the un happy woman, whither she knew not. All Rhewamcl i was to escape from Thornstream, lest her huskim). j peeing her by chance, should break his word nnd teli ] Knituna what she was. If he did so — oh, tho horror I of it for her daughter to know that the mother wliose \ memory she reverenced was alive, and an unhappy, fallen creature ! A thousand fiends seemed to pliriiik in her ears as she ran onward, aud it was only when she came ng;iinst the trunk of a tree and fell half, stunned on the cool grass that she stopped in her mad career. How cool was the delicate touch of the grass, how sweet the perfume of the flowers. She hiuied !wr hot face among the primroses, and pressed her arh injr breast against the chill bosom of the earth to still the agonised throbbing of her heart. Under the great tree she lay in an exhausted con dition. thinking of her failure to conciliate Pethrain. of the past with all its follies, of the present with its pain, and the future which looked so hopeless aud dreary. It was all over. She had staked everything on the casting of a die, and lost. Her husband had driven her away from the house, from her child, and there was nothing left for her to do but return to London with Ferrari and mam* him at once. Xever Hpain would she live with her child. She might see her— yes ; but without being seen — for she knew that if she sfiike again to Ka.ituna everything' would he ic veakd by Rupert Pethram. To destroy that beauti ful memory of motherhood, which was the chief treasure of Kaituna's life — to show herself in her true colours as a, fallen and wretched woman— no. she couid not do that : better exile, better wretched ness, better death than the terrible truth. With a. groan she pat up among the soft grass, her hands lying idly on her lap, her wild face raised to the lonely sky. Yes, lonely, for above there was nothing but clouds, black heavy clouds, as gloomy ns her own future. O God', was there no hope': Was thpre ? Stay .' the clouds nart, rolling heavily to the west ward, revealinc a glimpse of dark blue sky, and .=et therein like a diamond, the glimmer of a star. Hope! yes. it was a sign of hope '. a fiigu of promise '. a tfcn of comfort ! She thought she would go back to Ferrari ami fee if he could suggest any plan by which she could turn 1he tables on her husband : so brush in c tho (lend leaves off her dress, she threw the lace kerrhicf slie wore round ber neck over her head, after the fashion of a mantilla, and walked rapidly down Ihe avenue towards Deswnrtb. The rapid motion of walking seemed to restore her nervR, and with such restoration she regained a^'ain the riercenees of her savage spirit. The moment ot softness was passed, the good anpel who had com forted her with the star of hope fled away in terror. and over her head the angel of evil, who had been her constant companion for so many years, now spread his sable wings. He had ordered her away. Ho had parted her from her chi'd. . This man — her husband that used to be, who had ruined her life by his cruel words and studied neglect. The blamn of her sin rested on his shoulders, and she had suffered in the eyes of the world. Now once more lie triumphed, and while he was resting, honoured and z'espected in Ins owu house, she was flying through the night like a guilty cveatnve. 'Oh!' muttered Mrs. Belswin between her clenched teeth. ' if I was a man I'd kill him. But I can do nothing ! lean do nothing. Y^t. I don't know. Tf lean persuade that cowardly Fevrari, -'.r Belk. I3elk would do anything for me.' What is to be done must.be done tn-ninht — ti-piorrow it will lie too late. Which way am I to turn r' She paused a. moment : pressed her hands on her beatinjr heart, then suddenly made up her mind. ' I will see Ferrari — first.' The Chequers Inn was just on the outskirts oi Deswarth, and a comparatively short distance from Thnrnstream, so it did not take Mrs. Belswin loiiji. at the rapid pace at which she was walking, to arrive there. It stood a short distance buck from the vnad. an4 the night being hot. all the dorrs ami windows were open, letting the yellow light within stream out. on to the dark village^ street. On the benches outsidp n number of yokels were drinking and talking _ loudly together about some fortnight old event which haa .l'ust reached their out of the way parish. Mrs. Belswin, not wishing to b^ recognised, flitted rnjinily past them, and was standing in the passage heslfri tin;.' whether to make herself known to the landlord or not, when, luckily, at that moment Ferrari came out of a side door with the intention of going into th-j tap-room. Like a ghost the woman glided forward and laid her hand on his arm. 'Stefauo!' ' You, cara mia.'' The passage was so dark that lie was able torecojr nise her by her voice alone, and the noise from the ?taprnenn was so loud that only a. quick ear like his could have distinguished her low tones. v ' Come into some room. I wish to speak to you. ' Here, then V he said, drawing her into the room from whence he had emerged, 'what is wronp'r I' marito eh ! Dio ! By your faef there is trouble. With a sigh of relief Mrs. Belswin flung herself wearily into a. chair, while Ferrari carefully Wosea the door and took up his position nn the liearthruff. Even in that moment of anxiety Mrs. Belswin, with that not:ng of trivial things common to a preoccupied mind noticed the tawdry furnishing of the apart ment—the gaudy wall-paper, on which buna: bril liantly colourpd portraits of the Queen, the Prince ot Wales, and General Gordon : the vivid red of the tablecloth, the dingy blue of the chairs. ai;«i the tarnished mirror over the fireplace swathed in fly spotted yellow gauze. Ferrari had evidently been smokinp. for yet there lingered about the room The odour of a cigar, and the atmosphere was slight y hazy with smoke, while the smoky flainc of a 'willy trimmed kerosene lamp faintly illumined the whole and weary, but with an angry lipht in her wonderful eve- ? and standing on the hearthrug the Italian, his hands behind his back, and his body slightly bent forward, eager, anxious, and expectant. ?' II marito ? ' he repeated, inquiringly. The wonnn made a gesture of assent, upon which Ferrari rubbed his hands together with an air of satisfaction. ?? Bene! ' he said, smiling and. showing Ins white teeth : it is as I said it would be. II marito has said ? pppnrt.' and vou my Lucrezia. have come back to the faithful one. Ah. she goijn ! We will now leave thi.- fog land and go to my bc:i utif ul Italy— dolce Xmi'-liT The waiting is over, cara mia. You are to ineat ],i-t, ah felicita ! ' ?? You go too fast, my friend,' replied Mrs. Be^win. with ;t cold look of disapproval on her esi'u-e-?:ve face. Do you think I will marry a coivnrd : '' '? I am no coward ! If a man dared to me to speak the W'Td I would show him I am Italian. It is your fVr.s ? your evil eyes — that make mo afraid. But you will not be cruel to me again, bellissinia.'' he ii'Merl. in n caressing tone. '' You have come to .say, ? I love thce.' ?? Listen. Stefano,' said Mrs. Belswin, rising to hw feet and crossing to the Italian. ?' I wish to tell vnii what he said. Xo ! do not touch me! 1 saw iiiv husband. He spoke criiellv to me : he made me leave his his house— yes. turned me nut like a dog! '' ?? Pospetto! *' ?'Ah. that stirs your blood! I see your pyes tiash ! - 'an you see me— the woman you love — 11-cated in tliis manner r Xo ! I am sure you love til-, too much. You are Italian ! You have a strong arm and a warm heart ! Is itnot so; ' ?? But \%hat wish you, signoiu r ' ,,=-? '? Kill him ! '' She had caught the Italian by the coat with he»-two hands, «»-! her itice was bo close to bis own that lie felt her hot brsnt.li on his pale cheek. With a gesture r,i alarm he shrank away, and was about to speak, hut she prevented him. ??You are afraid of the law.'' she went on hurried I v. ' Do not I'1 afraid. Listen ! He — that man I hate — the man who h:is trei.ted me like a dog— is in a room with op'?n windows that load onio a. tun-are. Go there without noise— wait in the sh;idow. Within all is ]]ynt— with'ut nil is darknnss. l)nnv him to tie windi'W by some irick. When his iiguie is in the lighi. shoot him willi this ! ' Ferniri gave a gasp, for sho had thrust a small revolver into his hand, upon which his fingers uu consiMously closed. '? I cannot do it myself.'' went on the temptress : ?' I dare not. They would find out who I was. and what I did. I bought this pistol to kill him to-night, but my heart failed me. Xo one will think it is you. Go '. Go, if you love me, and kill him. and I will be your wife— I will do what you wish— I will go where you like— only kill him ! Kill him ! ' It was no civilised woman who was thus planning n murder in such a cold-blooded manner. It was a savage, with all the bloodthirsty instincts of a bar baric race. All the European side of this woman's nature hud vanished, and the primeval lust for blood dominated her entirely. FeiTfiri felt, this horrille truth as her face, distorted with p;-ssion. pressed close to his own. and with a cry of fear thrust her away, dropped the pistol on the floor, and covered his face with his hands. ?' Devil woman that you are ! Xo !' Mrs. Belswin whirled into the centre of the room like an enraged tigress. ?'You won't do it?' she hissed madly. 'You won't help me? I was right. You are a coward. Well. I will ask you no more— I will do it myself.' She picked up the pistol lying at his feet and turned to the door, but with a cry of horror he sprang in front of her, and prevented her exit. ' Xo. no ! you are mad. You are mad ! I will not let you go.' ?' Stand away ! I will go.' ' Xo. cara, think. Dio!' Like a caged panther she looked round the room for a means of exit. for. mad with rage as she was, fho yet retained sufficient sense to know that a scene at the 'Chequers' would l;e detrimental to her plans. ' I must go ! I must go!' Her eye caught the window, and like a flas'i of light ning she sprang towards it, tore it open, and bounded through into the darkness like a. panther, uttering a laugh of triumph as she vanished. Ferrari darted forward, but stopped half-way across the room in amazement. ? ' Dio ! what a devil. I must go, or she will kill him/' He put on his hat and coat rapidly, and, closing the window, left the inn by the door. ' My friend,' he said to tlie landlord, (i I go for a little walk. Addio ! ' Luckily none of the labourers outside had seen Mrs. Belswin leave, as she had slipped past them in the shadow, and the road to Thornstream being per fectly deserted she was free from discovery. Fer rari iiad explored the neighbourhood that afternoon, so. knowing theway to Thornstream, he walked slowly along the road until out, of sight of the inn, then rail rapidly onward through the darkness, longing to catch a glimpse of the flying woman speeding towards Thornstreum with murder in her heart. {To Ic continued.) 