A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palace was finished the empress appointed a day for takiing posses. sion of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which wes composed entirely of noble. men, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the cmpress was momentarily expected. Sud. denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have any:business Eat such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. " The empress has already arrived," whisp. ered he; she is seated on the throne,directly opposite to the door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. - The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, " You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty is already here," "What? Who ?" " Ier majesty is in the throne-room." "Impossible I" "You can see for yourself." The cflicer looked, immediately recog. nised the empress, and said wonderingly,- ."I cannot understand what the marsha. means. IHe has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em. press may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " IMy God, it is the empress I Her majesty herself I What can it mean ?" exclaimed he, " Iow can this be possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress. "Where is the empress ?" " In her sleeping apartment." " The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply. " Are you sure that the empress is here ?" " Of course; she is preparing to retire." "Inform her instantly that I am here." .In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. " Well," said the empress, " you look as if on had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's anme is the matter with you ? Is there any sews from the army?" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had ;cen. 1, It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. • We will take a nearer look at these come. lians. I will 'go in your sleigh, Kuratift you can mount behind. Hurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were con:. nanded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the key. hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The -:mpress stepped within the room, followed by her guard, who placed themselves around icr. The room was brilliantly illuminated mt empty. On the throne was seated r. lhape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed n purple and ermine, covered witl liamonds, and crowned with the royal dia. lern. One instant Elizabeth gazed ,teadfastly at her double, then moved for vard a few steps. Simultaneously the ap. ,arition stood up, stepped down from the hrone, and then remained standing as im. novably still as the empress, It was a thrilling moment I "Fire I" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six imed directly at the ghostly visitant. Thr riggers snapped. At the same instant the igure, clapped its hands together, and the com was suddenly plunged into intense larkness. Then followed a great commo tion and confusion,, while the empress ',iled, "Bring lights I" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thorouighly searched, but aba? intely nothing could be found to'elucidatc the mystery. Every door was locked and zmrded. The cuards had seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorousrh search to be made, lbut in vain vere all efforts made to discover the per petrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper impressior upon Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Gramrnmar.-A young lady was ditting with her lover in a charmingly dcco. rated recess. On her knee was a diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company. Says the tittle niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. "Auntie, kiss me; too." We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. " You should say twoe. Ethel, dear i two is not grammar," wa' the immediate re joinder. Clever girl. A Professional. --" Beautiful sport heautiful," said the bagman. "Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by the band. "Allow me to congratulate you, sir," h?6 said," I am a professional myself." "Professional sportsman ?" "No; a professional har." Father (haughtily)-" Well, sir I-" Soe (imploringly)-" Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty-" FATIIER (angrily)-" Honesty! ha, haI Who prates of honesty to a retired its. dealer?" Baron Hans Von Lseers, now at one of the fashionable watering places, is described so I nearly seven feet tall. In this respect he Imust compare favorably with any of the I hotel bills. I Against the Rules.-First IHod Carrier ; " What did the WVilkin' Diligate fine ye for, Mike 7" S?cond Ditto: "For cInmin' down tha ladder two rounds at a time." 