"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we eiiher hare too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a bealthy man ; whereas a man who ought to . eat and doeBn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently receivaed communication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says-"In the year 18891 changed my work from railway porter to Bignalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothicg to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulderB, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir = ?. cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation" at bis heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. .' I dreaded," he says," the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and thiB caused me to lose a good deal of Bleep." What he means by the fear of" something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, suoh as the loss of his position, )tls own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to (he impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the 1 train enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The bight of thiB form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblino, the creatures of a restlesB and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description, 1 am sure no one suffered so much as I have done." in the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always balder to bear than one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There iB a countless mul titude who are all the while goiDg through the same experience, only we don't happen to oome in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him Where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My Wife," he says, got me a bottle at M.r. Lang Staff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its Contents the ailment left me and has never xeturntd since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for | me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "GEORGE flam, 11 Car Bottom Road, «. Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr, Hunt's desire, in §rder that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what rea EUU, . Sustain the vigour and elasticity of the fcjBtem with th« jnesttraabln toniri 