MYSTERY OF TREVARROCK By Mrs. OLIPHAN T. CHAPTER IV, J CV[C o n t in u e d ] daughter, and Harold longed to be alone with his new born happiness. Withlivid face and somber, hate laden eyes Olive St. Maur rose up fromiibehind the large clump'of Portugal laiirel, where she had knelt concealed, her ear against a chink in the rustic woodwork of the arbor. Harold and Madge had spoken in low tones, and:Olive had only caught disconnected .fragments. of what had passed. But she had heard more than enough .to fully decide' her what use. to make of the iiiformationi .she hid"gleaned from The Herald. - CHAPTER ,VIZ A LIFE FOR A LIFE. SA few days after the occurrences just related Mrs. Tretylianihad aniaccident -~alipping off a step ladder while nailing up a piece of creeper. She, twisted -her ankle, and the injury, though not serious, was sufficient to confine her to her room for some time. Hence a singular change which had taken place in Olive was unremarked by anyone. Madge was busy attending to her mother, and Harold Carrington too engrossed by the secret trouble, which haunted him day and night, to take heed of her. A strange gulf seemed also to have widened between the cousins. Formerly, though so unlike, they had at least lived on friendly terms. But now Olive seemed to avoid Madge and to speak to heras little as possible-or, if at all, in a taciturn, strained manner which, when her cousin noticed it, pained her. Still she took- no serious heed, at tributing it to one of. "Olive's odd moods," which would sooner or later pass over. Meanwhile Olive St. Maur's face grew thin and pale, and her great black eyes burned with unnatural luster, from the hbellows which began to form under them. She slept little and ate less, her whole appearance being that of a person whose nerves were strrinhg up to the highest pitcil, or wlio was a prey to the most ter rible suspense. The atmosphere of the cottage seemed unbearable to her, and. she would walk for miles on to the moor land, only ,stopping when dead beat through fatigue. An awful struggle was going on in her mind. The deed she meditated was one of such black treach ery that, unscrupulous' as her nature was, it made her pause. She recalled the, many kindnesses Har old had' done her, the gentle considera tion with which he always treated 'her,' but the evil angel was stronger than the good one. Jealousy and .hatred strovd for the mastery," and were successful. : Little dreaming of the dire danger which, threatendd.him-a danger worse than any he already knew of-Harold Carrington- was -lulled into a sort of false security. Heo thought he saw a way out .of his''tionble-difficult, per haps, and perilous, but his was not a nature to shrink froni the cost of what he undertook; Madge's love seemed somehow to lave brought counsel as well as comfort. No word had been spoken between them since that memor able day that might not have been heard by all the world. But it was enough to understand each other-to be together. Harold had been forced to lay aside his :detenninationi to leave Trevarrock. In fact, there were now the weightiest reasons why he could not do so. "Whisht! step softly-he may hear ye; and he's sleeping-the first time for many nights." The sky brooded darkly over. Trevar rock bay. Only a distant sullen roar, and a faint glimmer of white at the foot' of the cliffs, showed where the angry sea tore and lashed them in its wrath. A red gleam of light flashed for a inoment at the door of Dinah Retallack's hut, and the old woman peered out into the murky night anxiously. A figure stood without-that of a man, who had given three taps at the window before Dinah lifted the latch. "Come in, come in! Him as you want to see ain't come, but :he will, he' will, sure's life. Mun ha' patience and wait a bit," she mumbled, pointing to the locker close by the fire. The new comer, a short, burly man, with weather beaten face and. strong black beard, dressed in seafaring clothes and with a sou'wester pulled well down over his ears, obeyed "Mun gie me summat to sweeten the waiting, then. But where's he-Imean; him as yon'm"- he began in low, growling tones. : "Hush!" She .pointed with her thumb back wards towards a door, which seemed set in the solid rock. Then diving into a chest, she produced a square stonebottle and a glass. She poured some of the liquor into the latter and gave it to the man, who smacked his lips approvingly. "That neverpaid duty; 111go bail," he said, with a gruff chuckle. "Prime stuff! You've had it a mort o' years, I reckon; for devil a keg has been run ashore at Trevarrock since I was a boy. Ahl those were times." "A still tongue makes a wise head; and there's other and fairer ways o' mak ing a bit o' momey. Your father and my man were friends; John Sholto, and you are about the only one round here I can rtrust. Youmay have a prickly skin like the chestnut, but you'm an honest hearted child. When-I heard your boat wvas off Penzance, I walked every step o' the way to see you. I had a dream-but never mind. Whisht! here he comes. Now you can hear all." A low tap at the door interrupted Dinah's speeclh. She rose and admitted Harold Carrington, cautioning him as she had done John Sholto not to wake the sleeper in the inner room. Then she crept away in the darknlmess of the hut, leaving the two men in low and earnest conversation together. CHAPTER VIII. PLOTTI-NG. "You think it can be done, then? Re aiember, money is no object Any sum you like to name shall be yours if you are successful." Harold Carrington's voice was strained aind eager as hegazed into the face of his companion. "Doner ay. Whbatman hansdone,maen ;do. But 'twill be a risk, that I wain't gain', still John Shibito's not the one tosmind that, let alone it ; every one's duty to help a naybur out o' a bit o''tri:ible. I'll stdindby'ee, sir; and hang the money." :John Sholto's keen little dark eyes sparkled,- but not. with greed. There was a rough frankness in his face, as well as his speech, that. told Harold he might be trusted. Besides, he had the daring' and love of adventure innate in all west countrymen. "Capt. Jack," as he was familiarly called along the coast, had made many a wild and dangerous journey, that had nothing to do with herring or pilchard fishing; and his smack, the Lively Fanny, was one of the best built and fastest to be found from the Land's End to the Lizard. "Agreed, then," said Harold, in the same low tones, producing a leathern bag from the breast of his coat. "But I would rather pay you now; one never knows what may happen. In case of success, it will have been fairly earned; in case of failure, the same," turning paler and his hand trembling slightly, "for you will have done your best. There are five hundred pounds in this bag in gold and notes. If all goes well I will make it five hundred more." Capt. Jack's eyes grew round and he gasped for breath. A thousand pounds! That were a prize worth winning, in deed. There was, as he had said, no "free trade" worth the naming carried on along the coast now; still, here and there a skipper, with daring enough, occasionally made a small, private ven ture of his own. But the profits on a few boxes of cigars, a bale of gaudy" silk handker chiefs or a keg of raw spirits, secured at infinite risk and trouble, seemed to sink into beggarly insignificance all at once. A thousand .pounds! Why, he was a made man for lifo. Buxom Molly Treln sa, the widowed landlady of the Blue Boar at Penzance, would easily be brought to reason then, and he would leave sea going, and settle down as "mine host," in his own snug parlor; with hot rum and water, and tobacco galore. :' . .: Though Capt. Jack still loved advent ure, he was not so young as he once had been, and the prospect of a peaceful har bor in which to lay to at the end of. his life was attractive. All , these' thoughts flitted, rapidly through his mind. Then he struck his horny, tar ingrained fist on the locker with a force "that made the bottle and glass ring together, and Pixy,' the black cat,, spring, with bristling coat,' away from the fire. ',Tim your. man-and here's my hand on't. Whait Jack Sholto says-he means' if the thing is to be done-sit, shall; be, dohn ." ''.. . "Good, then. But when? Every mo ment of delay means danger," responided Harold, pointing to the door in the wall, andholding up a warning finger. "To-morrow night, if. you like. :The smack is just ' inside the bay, and the moon rises about midnight. - Be here at that time, and leave the zest to me." "Why not 'noi-at once?" Harold's tones were. full of anxiety.' "'Need we wait?" - "Must," growled' Sholto, in his beard.: "Or it would ha' suited me well enough to be off before this, I can.tell 'ee. 'But the ebb's going out, and I couldnot bring her past the Devil's Teeth in such a pitch black night. It was all Icould do to get into the bay." "Have you a iman on board 'you can trust?"pursuedHaroldearnestly. "Every thing, after all, depends on'that." 'a "Ay, 'two-good plucked 'uns, father' and .son. -"They've; sailed wi' ma .this twelve year. We know a bit too much abdut each other; they main't;.play:us false, never fear."'said Capt. Jack, with a knowing smile. "You'can tell' them they shall be vell paid for their help," said Harold; ."and now-till' to-morrow- farewell, 'my friend." He turned to Dinah, [who came slowly forvard into .the, light, holding up the horn lantern to guide him out, and after a few whispered words pressed some gold pieces into her hands. "Shall I wake him? 'Twill if 'ee like. It wain't be aniy harm' now he's slept so long," she whispered,: peering into Har old's face with her sunken'eyes.' "No, you needn't trouble." Harold's voice was cold. and hard.- "Only tell him, when he' wakes, that all is ready and the time, 12 to-morrow night." The old woman nodded assent, and irew back into the cottage. When she was once more alone she crouched down before the hearth, her face buried in her hands, motionless and silent save for the few muttered, disconnectedwords which escaped her toothless, puckered mouth. "'A life for a life;' ay, that's what the book says. I shut my ears and wudna listen; but them words has been written in; fire. I've. seen 'em day and night. Mebbe I shan't see 'em no more now. 'A life for a life;' ay, but if I save one, how [then?, Them drowned faces wi' their staring eyes, mebbe I wain't see 'thosd either, and my old bones will rest peaceful when I die. 'He spoke kind to mne, the bonny chiel; his face was like niy. Ben's;" she rocked herself to and fro:in theo silent agony of despair, of which the old cottage walls had been so often the dunb witnesses. Suddenly Pixy gave a low hiss and a growl and leaped on to her shoulder. She looked up quickly. The cat's green, glaring eyes were fixed on the small win dow behind her. Her blood curdled in her veins. A pale face, framed with storm tossed elf locks of black hair, was pressed close against the dim, thick glass.: At least so Dinah Retallack fancied. But it.van ished instantly, and the old woman, with ashudder, cowered closer to the fire. The apparition, for so she thought it was, boded no good, and was a bad omen as regarded the success of the morrow's enterprise. She shook her head and brooded darkly over what seemed'one proof more that the curse of fate hung over her. CHAPTER IX. nUXt TO EARstT. Madge Trevy-lian,; in her neat dark blue linen gone, with its spotless collar end cuffs, a little bunch of ox-'yed .. - . . , • , daisies tucked into her trim wPistbelt, v:-:a alone in the plea:.mt parlor;, the breakfast tray already on the table. Neither Olive nor Harold Carrington had as yet appeared. and it was getting late. She ran up to her consi:fs : room and tapped at the door. l:nt received no re ply, so she tried to op;la it., In vain, it was bolted in:ide. :a .e felt uneasy. and pushed harder.: 'I hlefastening. which was not very i?trong gave way, and the door flew open. She startedlinack amazed at what she saw. Olive, pale as a ghost, stood in the middle of the floor. Her dress, which appeared soaked and heavy with water, clung round her; herhairwas disheveled and wet and her hat and jacket lay on the bed. She turned peevishly on Madge. "What on earth did you come bursting into the room like that for? Whydidn't you wait for me to open the door?"' she asked, crossly, twisting up her damp plaits and turning her face away towards the glass. "I did knock; but what is the matter, Olive? Where can you have been, to get so wet? One would think you had been out all night,"'Madge said.' The latter words were spoken in care less haste; but Olive turned- on her cousin'with such a strange expression in her eyes that she recoiled, frightened. "What a mad idea!" she answered scornfully. "And, pray, what should I be out all night for? No: such things are, I suspect,-more in your line, Miss Madge-sly and demure as you are. I have no lover witi whlom to hold secret meetings. No;. I have simply, been for a bathe before breakfast, that is all;' aii? coming back' I slipped on. a bit of wet rock and feel into a pool of sea water. So much for your mare's nest, my inno cent minded cousin.", she added, a cold" sneer on her lips. MIadge, thbuogh unsophisticated. and gentle, was not without a certain simple dignity, of her' own.i ' " .. "I do iiot know what you mean by at tackinig me like this. Olive; but'I see, of course, that you have guessedmysecret" -she flushed as she spoke. "'I am at your mercy; for it'is useless to try and make you understand that we did not mean .to deceive- anyone. .But Harold must know now that I cannot be silent any longer." Madge was pale and her lips were firmly set, as she turned to leave the'room. ' ' Olive saw she had gone too far. S'he had not meant to betray herself thus; but rage had mastered her. "Wait," she said hastily, seizing Madge's gown. "What a little fool you are! . Of course, I was only jolking. If you are wise you will say nothing to Harold Carrington. ;In tinie all, that 'piizzles' you now will be' ihade' clear. Some day you will thank md for" ."Olive, what do you: mean?" Maidge was thoroughly alaimed by her wild words and demeanor. -"I-- Oh, nothing!"' 'Olive burst into a laugh-hollow, wretched;, with no ring of mirth in it. "Go away, and for get all I have ,said. I will keep your. secret, never fear.".-' And, withl this Madge was forced to be' content. On reflection 'she deter mined not to tell 'Harold anything of what had passed. It would only distress him needlessly; and;had he not hinted to her only yesterday that he hoped soon allnecessity for conceahnent would be past? Wheni all three met at the breakfast table there was no sign to show holy full of electricity the air was, how strained the relations between.the' trio;' save an unusual silence." But later Olive's words came back to Madge, fraught with a new and terrible meaning. The' night was still, though: a faint ripple broke the dark, even surface of the sea, and a flying'scud of black, rag ged clouds chased 'each other over the steel blue sky, hiding from time to timne the pale disc'of the full moon.: - Silently, stealthily the Lively. Fanny stole into the bay; her masts and rig ging cutting with their sharp lines the moon's white face. 'There were steps on: the sands; low voices and'the gratiing of a boat's keel on the shingle. Then a soft whistle sound ed three times; and in resionse;, 'a' red light flnshed fora moment from the bow 'of the smack, vanishing as quickly. It was Capt. Jack's signal to the anx ious watchers on the shore. A boat was ready to put off ; to the smack. In it were three persons-a man and a boy-the-two sailors of whom John Sholto had spoken to'Harold Carrington in Dinah Retallack's hut- and another old man, with flowing white hair and beard, also dressed in a seaman's rough blue jersey and oilslkin hat. Harold Carrington, muffled in his long dark ulster, and -Dinah herself, stood on the beach-the latter screening her horn lantern from the wind with her apron. . It was a strange, weird night, and the scream of a distant curlew seemed like a banshee wailing for the dead. ' A few whispered: words passed be tween Harold and the old seaman: who satin the stern of the boat. "You will not foriget your promise? If you keep it I shall not grudge anything I have dared or sacrificed for you," Harold said'in a subdued undertone, that sounded husky and strained. He held oUt his hand, And the other pressed it withtrembling, nervous grasp. "Indeed I will not, so help me Goad! Harold, old fellow, Iswear'if Iget ontof this all right I"r- He could not finish his speech.lL "Hist!" Old Dinah clutched Harold's sleeve suddenly, pulling :]'him- back from the boat. Her face worked with agita tion, and her hand was held up to her ear. "Did ye hear yow? We'm trapped, sur as there's a heaven above us!" she muttered, hoarsely. There ras a measured tramp of foot falls on the sand-distant, but clearly defined. "Pull for your lives!" Elarold whispered fiercely. The men obeyed, and Harold, stepping almost waist high in the water that tossed and surged around him, helped to push the boat off. Not a moment too soon. The v'inl ...c:-- .-' -rPIL mE3 had risen, and ominous white lines showed themselves upon the dark water. A gust struck the boat, which made it pitch heavily'end sink into the trough of waves: then it was seen plowing its way gallantly through the surf; the veil of darkness had next moment hidden it from sight. leanwhile the steps had come nearer -quilt; ilose. In spite of Dinah's en trenties. flrould had not moved, but ;tod gar.rng ?;::whrd. His pale face wore a strange ".epression of triumph, and a friint spmile curved his lips as four mnen--ter wearing the uniform of police officers and two in plain clothes-came into the'circle of light shed by the lan tern. "I think I know what your business is," he said, calmly, going up to one of the latter. "You are Inspector Venner of Penzance, and you: have a warrant for the arrest of Hubert Carewe, late manager for the firm of Vanneck & Blackmore. diamond merchants, who was stil;lued:l to have gone 'abroad 'last July on busutness for that firm, and,!fail ing to return at the appointed time, was proved to have absconded with a large sum of money he had in his charge. He had, however, in reality,.never left Eng land, and Ihas been lying hidden at Tre varrock. hoping to make his escape. Well," he continued deliberately, with a strange ifilection in his' voice, "your search is ended, Mr.' Venner; and you, Sergt$ Clark," turning to the other man in plain clothes, whom he recognized as a noted London detective, "need fear no resistance on my part..It would, Iknow, be as foolish as useless. I am ready to accompany you." . The' two 'men stared at ,each other ightist Such' itter' coolness, such con summate audacity' they had never met with: iin the cesrse of their professional experience. . Clarke recovered himself first.' "You have put it correctly, sir," he said with a grim smile, "andI am bound to say I think you, take a ,sensible view of the matter. I've got a trap waiting round the corner, if you will kindly step this, way. No need for `these. h, In spector?" ' As he spokesoniethingbright glittered in the moonlight-a pair of steel hanid cuffs. , "Certainly not. I have not the least wish to try andl escape," said Harold, with the same strange smile. His cap tors little imagined with what double significance his last words were fraught. Old Dinah's hut was searched without result, the Witch of Trevarrock standing by, shaking her head and wringing lier hands, though the police officers could get nothing out of her to further crimi nato Harold. Fearing that the worst might happen, though as yet he guessed nothing of the treacherous meauns by which his secret had,been betra:yed, Harold had intrusted Dinah with a letter to deliver in such case to Madge Trevylian. It was merely a' few lines imploring heir to believe in him and trust him a little longer, how ever sorely appearances were against him', ' As the men left the bay a light flashed again from the Lively Fanny. Harold's heart gave a leap of joy. The boat had reached the simack in safety. :Before starting on his journey to Lon don Harold Carrington made a singular request to S rgt. Clarke. Itwas th::t Messrs. Vanneck & Black more; his supposed late employers, should be at once apprised of his capture by telegraph and asked to meet him on his arrival wvith the 'detectives at Scotland Yard. '"It's rather out of, course, but perhaps ' can" manage it," said the detective: stroking his beard reflectively. "He'ss a deep card, and no mistake. Wants to do the soft, and thinks they'll let him off if he disgorges the plunder. He can't 'lave,made away with much of it in that out of the way hole. Treva-. rock," he'thought. "You will not regret having granted the'reinuest,"'said Harold. "Oh, it's no good trying a bribe, if you meanthalt," said Clarke.nan honest enough' specimen of: his class. "Look here, sir; I don't think I ought: to talk.to you like this, only I see that, though you've got into this scrape, you're a gentleman and not likely to take mean advantage of. me. MyN, idvice to you is make terms and give back the--you know what. rve reason: to ]mow the parties most coif cerned won't be hard on you if you do, and very likely the whole thing may be hushed up. I've seen a deal o' life you'll pardon me, sir, eh?". - . . The officer took an involuntary respect fultone i?i spcating to his prisoner,whom he secretly somewhat admired for his cool'daring and pluck.: "Thanks, my good fellow. I do not think Messrs. Vaneck &i; 'Blackmore will be hard on me." Again the same strange smile crossed his pallid face,' but they only thought it meant bravado. .They were in the express, in a first class compartment, whirling on their vtway to London. The two men whom the detective had brought with him ac companhied them, bhut Harold's conversa tion was carried on in such low tones as to be inaudible to them. SIf Detective Clarke had been aston ished by what had passed, he was doubly so when, a few hours later, after an in terview with the chief of police and Messrs. Vanneck & Blackmoe, Harold Carrington walked out of Scotland Yard a free man. "A mistake, that is all. No blame to you: you are in every way exonerated. The charge has been withdrawn," was all. the information, Curtly given, that the detective received from the head of his department. "Ill swear that he was the man. though," said Clarke, naturally nettled. "Why," he stopped abruptly, "lhe told me as much in the train. Confound his impudence! What can it mean?" It was not every man who would have dared to speak thus freely, but Detective Clarke was a valuable and privileged officer. "What can it mean? Why, simply that for once you have been galled. You may think what you like, so may we. But when the very firm declarethat we have got the wrong pig by the ear, what To be ccntinuel. 