A M A D S P E C T R E . By Phan Phantom. • " Any gliosis, wraiths, spooks, spectres or other representatives of your defunct ancestors hereabouts ?" I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Danforth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the stately library of the grand old gray stone pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, and which I now visited for the first time. "I can't speak from pergonal knowledge," be laughed, "having had no experience with tbe gentry, but, tell it not in Gatb, publish it not in Askelon, or every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice—if tradition speaketh correct^-, there are bait a dozen, more or lees, closeted about the bouse somewhere, though, as they are not disposed to disturb my nightly Blamber*, I don't propose to bunt them out, and they ate welcome to possess in peace." . , We had both seen, read, heard, and, best of all, thought much since we last met, and we thought of many things that night; of things seen and unseen; of the natural and the supernatural; of the body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friends and old times, and at my request Danforth gave mc a brief accountof his BncesUyfhames, characters and occentricitics included. The cigbl itself was conducive t-j good fellowship; all the four winds of heaven were roaring mid rollicking in the wide-mouthed chhuney, and capering in and odt the gables and cornices, whistling through the keyholes and thrashing at the leafless oaks and' giant elms ia a regular high-daddy, witches* frolic that reminded one of *• Ingoldsby " in bis gayest mo-.ji. The full moon held hiph carnival atnid the flying scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now looked calmly down upon tbe animated s&?ne. A lar^c grey owl eat parched on a swaying hrancti and asked bis monotonous question at every appropriate interval. We stood looking out of the French window for & moment before separating for the night, Danforth remarking' that a storm was brewing, the tnoon being partially obscured by a watery haze and enveloped in a circular night-cap as if for protection. "You and the spooks will have It allto yourselves ; this is the only room that is occapicd on this side the house," be said as he bade me goodnight on the landing. •• All right," I responded; " if they cot up very rough I'll sing out, and you can come to tb$ I dog tired 'irteir'niyiSiif" hadn't realised -it-until now, and it gave but bat e £ hasty glance round tbe room, merely noting itsfeisa and comfort, before turning in, and in five minutes was in that mystical lanl where the oil ad wanders at will, untrammelled by tbe bo3y. I may bave slept an bour, perhaps longer, When I was aroused by, or bccame conscious of, a eoand in the room resembling that made by a rapid player of the bones. For a time I struggled with the drowsiness that possessed me, but as tha sound continued and increased 1 gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened my eyes. As I did eo tbe moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in the very centre of the radiance I saw a sight that made my heart thump like a trip-hatamer for a minute, until I reflected that no one bad ever beard of a spectre doing any real damage to anyone, and determined to pluck np courage. My ghost was none of the ordinary kind, I would have you to understand, being no more or no lean than a gibbering skeleton. In itself this wxs quite enough to arouse a feeling of curiosity, if no stronger emotion, bat add to it tbe fact that so far from •landing npon its pedal extremeties, as any well conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced on its bands, with its feet in the air, and tbe bead elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, and furthermore that it started oC into a variety of contortions to which double somersaults and the bop, skip and jump acts were the mildest prelude, and you "have a faint idea of an odd, not to Bay striking, performance. • ' ' • J ' My tongue eleve to the root of my mouth for a few moments, and then I summoned the courage to ejaculate " Heiloa I" in a decidedly weak voice. The spectre, o; skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upon the right hand index finger and faced me, bead tilted upward, and grinning horribly. "Shan't vlo it," a weird voice returned, "I bellosd once With a vengeaam, though, but It had no effect except to wake the iicbOcs juid frighten the cats." a . | I .' "i I.- * " v j " I beg pardon," I ventnr*. I didn't think you could talk." Why not J There's no law against it, I eup- 1 "be chattsred. ? • . . ao.bfcoursenotl But yoa «ce most people require a totiguc f or that sort of thing."' «• That's where I have the advantage of you. I have a tongue, and it can wag as fast a« another man's, too, only I haven't used it for eo long that it's a trige rusty. I have eyes, and flesh, andblood, and nerve and musde, only you arc blind and can't seetbem." y -ry t'Vlrs'Sf "You don't say I Why; your'bones&bkaE; dry as—as a haystack." ••Well, so they are, but I still invest them, and shall until they crumble away as my other parthas ; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a different kind." •['•it: 1 ;.-••: • " Gracious 1 I don't mean to be disrespectful, I assure y«u—but—who are you,anyhoqr?*f: " 1 might ask you the same qaestion wiftr Abetter grace, since I find you i intruding npon my but no matter; you're ; —not 1 u * to the - mai_ ,,. ou wouldn't ask; everyone with the stightjest preinsions to xel&tkmship; has beard of ^ Mai . . , IjBfliis Bpim, w e m « p t now as I was when they dubbed me ib,yijt " So they called yon mad, eh ? What for '•Why, frou;«ee, my mother died wheat w born, and what witb missing ber, and withlnbenting her weakly constitution; and one •ttiiny jfH> an-' P™/ w>« Innps to Ma ^ purpTOe that my mtafmtoft tbe major part rf ber time in trotting and d*a$g|gme npon her capacious knee. Mow this -mlgiit^bave —^llbatfmy biiSr^ settled down to the lowest jMtatattd" ' heels. Of ceofaeno one laieir might bave bang me np ^ ;the ^ V and rights. Twaan'tcousdouaoi itmjaetf^ t»anage*rherel began to reason, andj tepraetice waUrfngnponwy {andKseotmMlnmfnvcrt^iii^ >ok at me — a l t e r Ififtly I ins fastened tip here and ~ * Itaeaa-ttiiwi M a i r ® " waiting for my shoes, and wailing eagerly, too—In the dead of night, and frightened him half to death. Although they shot me up I alwavg contrived to get out, and gave them no end of trouble to the very last. I was helped off, finally, you know." " The deu—what do you mean ?" Why, helped to shufile off the mortal coil,'. You don't mean it J" " Yes, I do; it was strychnine, the most diabolical poison ever invented. My brother slipped as easily into my shoes as if they had been made to his measure, bat something troubled bim, and after a long time be came to tbe family vault one dark night, and opening my narrow prison house rifled it of my bones end took them home. After placing them in fte large closet over there he locked the door, and next day f overheard workmen cementing tbe cracks, and it has never been opened from that day to this ; in fast, the door-knob was removed,' and it bas always been considered as no more or less than a panel. But, bless you, they can't chain spirits, even those partia'ly trammelled by tbe material, with bolts and bars. I stood by my brother's bed or gibbered on the footboard every night of his sinful life, until 1 think he would bave been glad to die, except that he wss afraid of what came after. Sometimes be stretched out his hands and pleaded with mc to go away and leave him in peace; and once be leaped out of bed and implored me to kill him and end it all. But I was not quite bad enough for that. I went away tben and be died- soon after. I haven't sought to find him since; naturally he doesn't care to linger about the scene of bis crime, and—on the whole—perhaps he suffered enough—heiloa ! what's that ? Daylight, as I'm a skeleton I Well, good-day 1" And be vanished into thin air in the twinkling of an eyi *' Ever taken a good look around the unoccupied 6ide of the bouse?" I inquired carelessly, the next day, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Danforth. "* No ; suppose we go over it together this morning," lie suggested, as we rose from the table and lit our cigars; " ''Agreed," I returned, and we strolled about for several boors, poking into all sorts of nooks and cornets, and discovering a secret passage from one room to another in the most innocent looking panel in tbe world. " By the way," I said, " isn't it a little strange that in so large a room a3 that I occupied last night there is no closet?" " Strange enough, I should think. Are you sure, though I" " treasonably." I said it with a mental reservation, " Let us examine into it," quotli Danforth. He went to work, looking carefully all along the wall. After a moment be paused. "By Jove! Dick. 11 lie called out, "see here— that's cement, sore's you're rJive; I can pick it out with my knife; keep stilt, though, and we'll see what's inside in a brace of shakes." After two hours of hard work I stood back while Danforth pried opsn tbe door with a chisel, skeleton fell clattering <..jirn upon the floor. 'The deuce !" cricd l>.inf jrth. ' Il'e mad sperire of tbe Mad Baron !*' said I. Atall : j j ' ! 