The Consecration Service. I This took place on Tuesday night, wiih i all tbe impressiveness and solemnity , which pertains to such an important function, tbe ceremony beiog conducted by , Dr. Goe, Bishop of Melbourne. The church 1 was completely filled prior to the com- 1 mencemeat, and the services opened with a procession down the centre of the church to meet the Bishop, composed of the cboir, followed by the Bev. J. JH. Gregory, who was accompanied by the following clergy men Ebv. Cjlhoh Ps&cs; Bet.H . W. H. Adevst „ Cakon Ooodkam *i 3. Srinxx-Low „ AaoHDKicocrSnKrcK,, H, Yals „ A.UCBlffLSCHaBCSS ,, O. A. Panroix „ tfOBOUr m H.fi, V4Z.E p- O. J. flonsr n C, P. Babdix „ E.B. Hoqhjw i» HokacxF.Tuokxb At the door, with Bishop Goe, were Bev, Civoh Goodiuk, chaplain Mr. W. W. Moaau. registrar of tbe diooett Rct. P*scept0e8utt0h (ot the Cathedral) Mjhob Cabok G. Hawxks „ „ Mb. Wm. Viooor FifiEBaics, one of the Trustees fwfl the Board of Guardians of All Stmts* Mr, W. Bage Str. J. Toangfcosfcood Mr. W. Chester Hr.G.S. Allan Mr. F. O' Hughes Mr. 0. £, Porter, hon. treasurer Mr. F. E. Godfrey, hon. secretary. The hon, secretary having presented to tbe Bishop the usual petition to consecrate tbe cburch, and the Bishop having signified his consent, the procession returned np the aisle to the Holy table, staging Psalm zxiv., Jhtnini est term, which was followed by Handel's chorus, 'Xdft np yonr heads.' After special prayer for the occasion, the Bishop received tbe dcedi from Mr. Morris, who read tbe sentenc^ of consecration, which was signed by (the Bishop, and ordered with the petiticii and other dc:ds to be doly recorded and registered in the Diocesan registry, with uie final pronounce-' ment, T DECLARE this Church of All Saints X' to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the father, and of the Son, and ot the Holy Ghost. Amen.' , After the anthem ' O, how aimi able arc their dwellings,' followed by hymn 242, 'We Jove the place, O'God,' and Psalms Ixxxiv. and exxxii., i intoned by Bev. Precentor Sutton, the; Firet Lesson was read by Archdeacon Stretch. Garnett's Magnificat in F was followed by tbe Second Lesson, read by Canon Goodman. Garnett's Nunc dimitiis in F and the anthem, 'I was glad when they said it unto me,' were also rendered with striking effect by the cboir, tbe solo parts being especially beautiful. In beginning the address, which followed, Bishop Goe said tbat tbe cburch bad been practically set apart for more tban thirty years for divine worship, for the voice of tbe preacher, the devotion of the sacraments and the practice of the ceremonies of religion. This ceremony to-night bad therefore more a legal tban a spiritual signification. As the time was short be would confine himself to setting forth four thoughts connected with tbe work and the subject, four thoughts which expressed the desire and prayer of his heart io respect to the ministrations in tbe church. Taking as his text, Jude 20-21, tbe words ItulUMal vuV U.v 4boy ebvuld pursue in tbe midst of spiritual dangers, four duties wbicb should be the chart and compass of a Christian — labour, prayer, watchfulness and hbpe. On the Christian doctrine they shoald labour to build op the superstructure of a Christian character, to shape themselves not according to dogma, but in tbe likeness of Christ. The secret of the builder's strength was in prayer, not only prayer in tbat house, but prayer in tbe family, prayer in secret, ejacnlatory prayer amid tbe strife of busi ness. They should maintain in a watchful spirit the reciprocal affection between God and man, and guard agninst anything that would interrupt this communion. They should say nothing, sec nothing, do nothing that would destroy the intercourse between God and the soul. Tbe last duty was the duty of hope, of looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ into the hope of eternal life, St. Paul said that the hope of salvation was the Christian's helmet of the armour of warfare, covering us in tbe day of battle. The ministration j of God's house should encourage And , 1 stimulate tbe bnilding up of the Christian | I character and he prayed that every service would help them by God's grace to cultivate I the blessed hope of the gospel. 1 During tbe offertory the choir gave ' Solomon's prayer, ' Oh Lord my God,' and I hymn 215, u The Church's one Foundation.' | Tbe benediction was followed by Handel's M Halleluiah Chorus ' and the recessional hymn, ' Blessed City, Heavenly Sal«m.' 1 Dr. Summers presided at the organ, and ; under Mr. Charles Truelove's direction the I service was rendered with the usual I perfection by the cboir as follows : Treble — Adame, Italcheidor, Brooks, Cbamberlin, Clark, Flannngan, Heal, Hodges, Lock, McDiarmid, OdeU, Samppon, Smith, Steele, Stenhouse, Stephens, Stevens, Tullidge, Dobson, Blake, Paisous, Sogers, Hilsdon, Robinson. Alto— Boyce, Conquest, Good, Jones, Von Malesky, Schafcr, Sircom, Were. Tenor — Mesflie. Collier (Librarian), Fletcher (Sacristan), Judge, Mander, Power, Glover, Snodgrass, Wardle. Bass — Messrs, Collins, Chambcrlin (Secretary), Metcher, Needham, Savage, Williams, Daniell, J. D. Wright, Spink, W. Cbambcrlin, Walsh, J. Gladstone Wright, Thompson, After the service, by the invitation of the board of guardians, the clergymen present, tbe choir ahd a number of friends were entertained at supper in the school room, the Bev« J, H. Gregory occupying the ohair, with the Bishop on his right. The chairman proposed the health of the Bishop, recalling tbat the foundation stone of All Saiats' was iaid in 1858 by Bishop Perry, who, he thought, might be fairly called the father of the Church of England in Victoria, and whose successor, Bishop Goe, he had to thank for his kindness in officiating that evening. Dr, Goe, in response, considered it a matter for thankfulness that Mr. Gregory had been spared for &o; many years to the parish, and referring to his work for the church, wished kim a long career of usefulness, ' whether he remained in Mel bourne or returned to tbe mother country. Mr. F. B. Godfrey (hon. secretary to tbe board of guardians), ia proposing tbe health of the incumbent, referred to his ardoons labors for the church. Tbey would all regret the day when Mr. Gregory, who, he thought had only remained in the colooy to complete the work which had been finished that day, wonld feel it neccssary to leave this colony and rejoin his family. The chairman, in response, thanked his friends for their invariable kindness and support, and thought tbat now, perhaps, 1 great benefit might be given to the parish by the presenoe of a younger and Etronger ! man. He referred to the divisions and dissensions of the past, and said tbat his intentions had always been pure, with no thought but to benefit tbe church, j Our report of this interesting occasion ! would be incomplete were we to omit a : word of praise to the beautiful decorations , of the choir, and the excellent management of details, which enabled full effect to be given to a most important and impressive function. 