THE nOCKTGD PATROL. (From Hood't Conic Asaaial.) PBOIiOGUE. My name is, or rather was, Tom Montreesor the Hon. Tom Montreesor. The only woman I had ever loved, the ra.ce and radiant Gwendoline Belvidere. had refused me. She bad not exactly epnmed me, I was too good-loot:- . lug to spurn—bnt she had declined the offrr 1 of my hand. She had told me, with tears In her blue eye?, that I was too poor, and that I had no expectations, that when ehe married she did not wish to be worried about her milliner's bills, or her tradesmen's books, end so, ranch as she esteemed my moral character, she should continue to look out for a hnsband with s good rent roll. It Tvas candid of the girl; Gwendoline always was candid, bnt it dashed my hopes of happiness to the ground. I asked her if there was no hope, shs answered, "None 1" and so we parted,*she to return to the giddy haunts of fashion, I to lore s lonely and cheap cottage on the confines of Sipping Forest, and to dwell there a broken-tattled recluse. > From the hour that I knew Gwendoline conld never be mine I became an altered nun. I dreaded to meet my fellow creature?- I livsd alone in my isolated cottage, the world forgetting, fey the world forgot. TABLEAU L All day long I had had a dull foreboding of some impending evil. Alone in the cittece, in the quiet, country Jane where I dwelt, far from the roar and riot of the mighty oity. I had passed the evening wrapped in an old military cloak, whioh I wore summer and winter, and a deep reverie whxcih never left me. I had been thinking of tbe past The pist! Ob, the ghosts that rose from the grant nhurchyard of my long ago! Ghosts yotmg and old. ghosts of men and ghosts of women, and li'ab over them all towered the zhe°t I dreadad more than all—the ghost ot myself. The clock struck twelve. "With a mighty effort I rose from my chair, and, waving bask, with an impfrions gesture, the spectres of the past, I went to the larder, brought out the bread and cheese and a dieh of spring onion's, and sat down to my solitary meal. At that moment my attention was arrested by the sonna of a footstep on the gravel path. Tt was the f-ot^tep of a man. T rosa. opened tbe door, and, holding the ciTiSlc Irish above me to shield it frux the win 1. T eioliinip.d, "Qui ra la.!" It wis an old watchword of mine, familiar -n my lip- in happier days amid Crimean snows and ti.e rocky passes of far-off Afghanistan. The words came back that night like the long forgotten echo of a childish drf-am. I knew not why I said them. The past had hamtedme. X was living, epseking in'the cast. "Qui ra lat n Avail I oVellonged the footstep, and waited for the footstep to reply. At that moment a heavy gust of wind swept np the valley, and, crelconld save'it, the light I held nbava me was extingnished. " Qui va ta f" The storm by this tame had eatbamd fury, there was s land clap of thunder, followed by a vivid flash of ]ig"it«ing. In that sudden and natural illumination I conld see the rarrnuiding country distinctly. At my gate, drenched to the skin, was a horse. At my door, within arm's length of me, lay a policeman, with a sword by his side, and snnrs on his boots. Eie had not replied to my challenge. Why? CecaUsebe lav there at my feet insensible, incapable of sp~sh. Ha had swooned 1 Gently I lifted him from the ground and Jsrried him indoors. The lurid glare of the .-rein-.; embers fell foil upon his face and I started in astonishment I The man wse the living image of mysdf. We could have passed for twin brothers. As moment * fanc^ tiJat^^affsSsteMy^SLoS-- m a drfam, and was looking at myself in a class. Bnt I hadn't a helmet-op: and a unilorci, and a sword. It was no baUucicati^n. I pinched tbe buttons on his uniform; they were real. Presently the man opened his eyes and gazed wildly around; then be opened his lips and groaned. I loosened bis collsr and removed his helmet. Instantly I discovered the cine to the mystery. \- He had fallen from his horse in a sudden attack of vertijo, and had injured bis bead. JT'. had crawled to my cottage for assistance, i felt his pulse, and looked at hia toqgne. and I knew at once that he was about to be delirious. There were all the symptoms of brain fever. M7 bedroom was next to the sitting-room: with little difficulty I carried him thither, undressed him owsfnlly, and put him in my bed. and qoiet was all that be needed to assist his recovery. While I was musing as to my fntnre conaocl in the matter I heard a neigh. It was the horse. At the same instant my eyes fell cpor> the helmet a;id uniform. A sudden idtc rt.izca upon me. I glanced at t l :c sleeping form in my bed It was I. Instantly I slipped off my own clothes and placed them in tbe chair by the bed. Then I pat on tbe nnifcrm and "helmet. Again I looked in the gl u,s. I was he I We were both each other. No one could tell os apart. It was a chance. Should I take it? Yes 1 I wanted to begin the world anew. I wanted to cease to be myself, and be some one else. In ecasin? to ba my?.elf, I should loose the sorrows that we7e njioe. Yes, I wnuld -be someone else. I pot on-the helmet; I buckled on the sword; I pot a jug of barley-water and a purse of cold by the bedside of the delirious man, and then I went down the garden path and leaped upon the horse. Tfie change w&b; complete. The delirious man in my bed was the Hon. Tom. Montressor, and I was No. 307 of the Z Reecrrc. a mounted patrol! I had resolved. • I dug my spurs into my horse, and galloped forward into the ni"ht. I bad commenced a new llfel TABLEAU IT. B was a bright, fresh morning, 01 eonrse every new morning must ba a fresh onn, bat this was fresher than usual. All night I had ridden hard along the country lanes, my sword clanking by my ride. Tbe exercise did me good, bat by eight a.m. I was tired, and wanted my breakfast. .... I wondered what on earth I should do. ' Of course, a mounted patrol must go home in the morning,ir he hai been on duty al! night. His horse wooldj want to ba ted put in " "a. But where was the stable? Suddenly the idea occurred to me that the horse would know, so 1 let tbe reins lieupon his neck, and said "Clk" The sagacious animal instantly turned around, and trotted off at a brisk pace. In half an hour we arrived at ourqnarters. Tbcr« could be no mistake about it, for the animal went straight into the stables, with mc on his hack. An inspector was in the yard. He came across to mc and cxclaimed : ".Now, Jams, what does this mean? you are three hours late. What have you lo say ?" My name was Jarvis. I had learnt that much at any late. 1 invented an excuse at once, for I was determined to keep up the character, if I could, so I said that I had been chasing a man ->vho I believed had committed burglary There's something of woman in eveij- . tiling that pleases. Men arc ajitto play willi Heir health and their lives as tney do with their clothes. . . but that he had escaped into the forest, and I had been riding about, looking for him. I knew I bad a right to be on the forest beat, because the real patrol had fallen outside my cottage, and he must have been thereon duty. . . J 1 saw to my boras, and then went into the Station. I wanted to find out where T lived., 1 ** Hdloh, Jarris 1" said' a nonstable In the station. " Yon're late. Going home now?" "Tea," - xe I said. 'Tmtired; I shall tam in cow. " AH rieht, old chap, Vm going past yonr place. Well go together." I was delighted. I should Troow where I lived now. We went ont together; my companion lit a pipe; I felt in Jar-is's pockets, and found there was a pipe and some tobacco there, eo I smoked too. Piessently we came to a pretty, little cot. tage, and my companion said, "Good morn, infi, old chap." I felt that 1 was at home, and tnraed in at the gato. He came back. ••Oh. by-the bye, old feSsw, my missus Bays that she aUl come to your "wedding. She's been thinking it over, and she's going to let bygones be bygones." I was taken aback lor a mome.it, bnt 1 recovered myself directly, and grasped bis band. "Thank you. old fellow," I stammered, " it's very good of tier to eay eo." Then I wont up the gravel path, and poshed the cottage door op»n. Everyone took me for Jarvia. and I was engaged to be married. 1 wondered what ray sweetheart was like. I wasn't left long in' doubt. At I opened thfe cottage'door a jJarfc, rnstio baantv ran -to meet me. " Oh, Jack, dear Jack 1" she exelairncd, "fatherand! were getting so fidpetyabout you^ we thought something had banpened to you; come alone, your breakfast's beea waittfais hour for yon." I took in the situation at s glance. I lodged with father, and thh was the daughter, and she and I were going to be married. When? I should have to find that oat, for it waE rather important. I didn't mind bang Ja-i Jarvis, bnt I had qualms of conscience about msnying his sweetheart. TABLEAU m. I must continns my narrative by relating events which only came to my knnwMpe at a later period. About tbe same time that I entered the cottage of the Iiittlethnrpre (thai was the name of father and (daughter), and found myself an affianced husband. Lady Gwendoline Belvidere'drove up in a tsrriage and pair to the lonely,cottage on'tbe confines of Epping Forest. She knocked at the door, hot there was no Teply, eo die lifted the latch and walked in. Tbe parlour was empty, but from the adjoining room there came, ever and anon, the sound of groans. " Good gracious me ! " exolaimed Lady Gwendoline, "I am snre some one is ill." Cantionsly die entered the room, and gave a wild cry. The Hon. Tom Montrossor lay in bed, and he was delirious. To summon tbe village doctor was the work of a few moments. The tillage doctor looked at the patient, then tnrned toGwendolina. " My dearyounglady," he said, " this is a serious case—injury to the head—brain fever. It mil be weeks before be recovers his reason." " Oh, Tom, my poor Tom," groaned Lidy Gwendoline, " this is indeed sad !" " Yonr brother ? " asked the milage doctor. " No—not my brother," stammered Gwendolina, " I—I—came to sea him—-to bring him good news. He is the Hon. Tom Montressor." " What!" cried the Doctor, "the Hon. Tom Montressor who is advertised for in this morning's Daily Telegraph t" "The same, replied Gwendoline. *' Yon know, of course, that heis a duke now?" "Yes,yes,"eaidthe village Doctor, "and aDonC. - I d the accident in last night's Echo.- There were thirteen people between this poor fellow and the dukedom, they all went ont together in a yacht, which capsized. No one escaped, and the penniless di-.taut relative is now a duke, with states in nine counties, and an income of £1,000 a day. He mast have every attention." He Bhall," replied Gwendoline, " yon and I, Doctor, will nurse him back to life I" And they did. In six weeks the delerioua man returned to his sense*. He found Gwendoline in a chair by hia ride, and didn't know her. He declared he was a mounted p&trnl.; and that he wanted to go home and marry Polly. The village doctor assured him it .was a hallucination—that it web the result of the injury to his head, and he must get rid of it —the hallucination the doctor meant—not his head.' Thro G »c.idolina told him tf.iewas his own dear Gwendoline still, and that she had come to merry him, in spite of all. Then they told him he was a dnke, and had «nn|ipnH. The convalescent looked at Gwendolina, and^ thought of tbe millions, and his scruples vanished. It was cot for him to perrint in bis hallucination. He accepted the dukedom and Gwendoline's hand. And when he was well enough, a carriage and pair fetched hiin and drove him off to one of bis dncal peaces; and his approaching marriage with L»dy Gwendoline Bslridere was duly announced in the Morning Poi f. TABLEAU IV. I was madly in love with Polly, I could not disgnise it from myself. I liked being a mounted patrol. Tbe man I had put into my b*d had not come to claim hie nniform or his sweetheart. I presumed he liked the life in the lonely cottage too well to return to duty. of Polly f d.-terroiaed to remain Jack Jarvis and wed her. At first oar sweethearting was a bttlo Bwkward, ehe reminded me of soman things I couldn't remember, and oncsortwi<i I nearly pnt my foot in it. Bnt I was very careful, and the course of our trne love ran smoothly towards the wedding day I liked my duties, the horea exercise had quite cured my dyspepaa. I had forgotlen Gwendoline, and I loved PoUy.' Her fresh and charming simplicity delighted me. I felc that we should ba vary happy. Better far to be a mounted patrol with thirty shillings a week and a bonny little wile, than a recluse with only the memory ol.a disappointment. The weddins day arrived. I disoovered that Polly lisd quarrelled with the constable's wife, and that ots what she meant by bygones. She came to the wedding, so did all my fellow constables wbo were not on duty, so did the inspector It was quite a popular wedding, for Polly was' beloved by everyone. rnnm^!^ father was very jolly, but a little market gardener, and had market rather than garden ways. Bnt he was good-hearted and I forgave his lack of onltaM. We all went to chnrch together, and then I got over a little difficulty. IexnUined that though I had been known aH m ^ K Jack Jarvis my real name was Thomaa Mon traesor, andm that name I was merried. Tbe inspector pnlled his moustache, and wid Meuimi names nerng aeainst Ito wgnlatums, but I had been a go^ S and he wonld not report the circumstanoe to ?v ea SK? rtelB - J thankfid him cordially, and the bride gave him the first kisa. As we came ont of ohnroh the crowd hurrahed, and the village chadren flSg a 0 ^ inonrpath. ' • AH was joy I Every great and commanding movement in the annals of the world is the triumph of enthnsiasm. Everything tabes time.—Modem Matron : " Who is litis Mr. Dughaid, my dear." Modern Daughter : - How should I know, ma 11've only heen en gaged to hiin a week ?" ,Sudi.t-i.Iy a uiidolf tktd woman dashec through the crowd {and hit me violently on the bead with her nmbrella. " Oh, you wretch, oh yon menster!" ehe exclaimed. - Folly ipshed between os. •• Spare him," ehe cried, "he is my husband 1" © "Oh, yon .minx." shrieked the woman, "yonr hushand. indeed—he's mine! " " It is a lie," I shouted indignantly, vainly faying to knook my battered hat into shape again. " It is no lie," said a detective from Scotland Yard," I have here the certificate of yonr former marriage. John Jarvis, I arrest yon on a charge of bigamy." Polly fell into my arms. Dismay fell upon my comrades. Again the middle-aged woman feU upon me—wifti her nmbrella. Then I was seized and dragged away, and at the hoar when the bridal feast ehonld have been spread, I lay in a prison cell awaiting my trial for felonionsly. manning Polly Iiittlethorpe while the middle-aged woman was slive—very much alive. TABLEAU V. I was taken before the nearest polios magistrate and charged. Tbe msoeetor identified me as John Jarvis ever rinee I joined tne loroe two years ago. He told the story of the marriatre register beingsigned Thomas Montressor, and this settled my gnUt as s bigapaist in the eyes of everyone. It was evident to them that I had feared to sign my name, lett the P'eviocs marriage of Jolin Jarvin ehonld he discovered. The middle-aged •vi'seff-swore to mfw—und at me^&nd; it wAjrwith tbe-greatest difficulty she was prevented doing stfll further damage to my personal appearance with her nmbrella. She produced her marriage lines —she produced an old lady who had assisted nttbeformermarriage. No living soul in conrt had a donbt of my guilt. Except Polly! Polly, my darling little Polly!—my rustia, beautiful bride !—Polly, God bless ber I thnueh she was led half fainting into the winess-box, declared that she believed I was innocent. "That isn't a question for your to decide, iny dear," said the magistrate. " What we want to bear from yon is this: Is this person the man who married you yesterday 7" I believe Polly wanted to say " No." Some wild idea flashed across her brain, for a moment, of saving roe by telling a story. But she glanced ronnd the court, and saw all the wedding company there, ready to contradict her if she did, and so she sobbed The evinence was ctaar. The magistrate asnea ice if I had aaything to f»v. I onuld only repeat that it was a mistake. I dared not say that I bad changed clothes with the real John Jarvis, who tvop my living image, bpe&UBe; I wished to sn».re Pnlly's feelings. I didn't know how she would take it. and I was by no means sure that personating another man and marrying his young woman was not as grave an offonce as bigamy. Sol stammered ont something, and was committed for trial, and the magistrate said he wonld take bail. Bnt everybody was now dead against me for my heartless treatment cf PoUy, and nobody offered. Polly aslied her father; bnt her father said "No," and added that I was safer in custody, for if I ware out on bail he might break die peace himself, and get lacked np in my place for assaulting me. So I was led away a cap'ive, to mend my honey-moon in prison; and Polly kisned her hand to me, and the middle-aged virago shook her nmbrella at me. and then went straight for Polly; but was restrained by the old lady who had witnessed my former marriage. And so I passed ont of sight; no longer a noun ted patrol, no longer a happv bridegroom, but a wretched prisoner awaiting my trial for bigamy. As I lay in mv cril I thought a good deal; I wondered what the real John Jarvis was doing, and how I should ever be able to prove my own identity again. TABLEAU VI. Thomas Montressor, Duke of FitzThomes sat alone in one of the Gorgeous apartments of his town residence. He had accepted the extraordinary freak of fortune which had changed him from a mounted patrol to a millionaire dnke without a murmur. At first he had hesitated, and had been inclined to demand explanations; but when he reviewai the siination. he felt that it wonld be foolish to quarrel with Providence. At lest, when he found himself universally accepted' as Tom Montressor and a duke—when he louud the Lady Gwendoline looked upon hitn as her former lover—when he found himeelf rfcaved in the House of Lords, and allowed to take the oath of allegiance and to vote, he made up his mind that everybody mn°tbe rizht. and that the remembrance he had of once being a mounted patrol, and engaged to marry a girl named Polly, wbb dne to the brain fever from which he opened his eyes one morning, to find himself suffering in a lonely cottage on the confines of EnDina Forest fie osd been a duke for some weeks, and tie was getting used to it. One thing disturbed him slightly. On the morniog that he sat alone in bis gorgeous apartment he was reading the Times. He had nearly finished his favourite portion—the police news—when he came upon the trial of one, John Jarvis, for bigamy, and it seemed to him remsrkably strange that he clearly remembered marrying the middle-aged virago who gave evidence. " Dear mei" he said to tiimpiflf • 11 eo fares I rta remember, I distinctly believed thet woman to be dead, before I proposed to Tolly. I wonder whether this John Jarvie remembers that fact." He read on. "The prisoner nrged that at the time hs married the second wife he believed his first to be dead." " Ahem!" eaid the Dnke. " I suppose he thought that wils the best defence to make, and made it. (The dnke was perfectly correct in his surmise.) "Let's see what the poor beggar got 1" He read on. "Tbe judge, in consideration of the prisoner's good condnct, the high character given him by his superiors, and the pi inability of his defence, said that justice would be met by a sentence of six weeks' impii'onment. and as the prisoner had already been that time in custody he wonld be immediately discharged." Quite right," exclaimed the Dnke," bnt I pity him if be has to go back to that virago.- It is singular how vividly I remember that woman in some part of my career anterior to that attack of brain fever." The Dnke sat on absorbed in meditation ontil he was aroused from his reverie by the entrance of ins private secretary, who announced the Prime Minister, the Marquis of "Well, FilzThomas, dear boy." exclaimed the Premier, aa he waltzed into the room in hie nsnel excited manner, "I hope yen're -coming down to the House to- night" "Well,my dear S " replied the Dnke, "I don't want to if lean help it. You see to-morrow is my wedding day, and I want tc get to bed early and have my beauty sleep, what time do yon think tin; division will lie?" "Well, I'm afraid it will be late. Oor fellows are eo frighlfally prosy when they do get on their legs, and half the peers are determined to speak on tbe question." ' •' Then I shan't come 1" «Bnt my dear fitz, yon must. The fate of fits Government is at stake. The division will be aloBe, a vote will turn the scale." Her parting words.—"So yonr wife lias left yon 7" "She lias." " What were Lor last words on leaving vou 1' ."' Is iny liat on straight 1"' The man wlio will comjjlain that a 20 minute sennon is too long will sit half a day watching a couple of chess players making two mores. "My dear fellow, I ah*U yawn at the alter I rails to-morrow. We're going to be* married j before 12." • i •• Why not in (ho afternoon ?" _ 1 " Ob, Gwen won't have it. It's a romantic j idea of her'e to be married in the ordinary j nay without s special license." j " Better to yawn on yonr marriage mora- j ing than to let those wretched. Whigs dish j as," urged the Premier. " Come, if jon tarn i np and stay for the division. Til ppeak the word and you shall have the vacant Garter." Now tbe Garter was the one thing the new Dnke coveted. " Say yes, Tom," urged the Marquis, grasping the Duke's hand. The Dnke hesitated no longer. " Yon may rely opon me. Bob," be murmured, »nd the Prime Minister waltzed ont of the room delighted. It wss six in tbe morning when the Duke of FitzTliomss quitted tbe House of Lords. The Government had won by one vote. The Dake had esved his party. The Prime Minister came to him in the smoking-room when it wis over, and wept in hi? arms. Then tbe Duke went out into the early morning, and walked home across the Park. His wedding-day bed dawned. "Poor Gwen," he S6id to himself, as he pulled out a short bleak clay pipe and filled it, "I hope I shall make her happy. She is a good girl, and eeema to have loved me very much daring the period which, owing to tbftt attack of brain fever is & perfect blank to me, or rather which is filled with reminisoences of lowlier kind, and during which .1 mnst have fancied myself a moantcd patrol. "Bnt of course I never conld have been t mounted patrol. I was Tom Montressor. a penniless gentleman of good family." Then the duke glanced at the dirty day pipe be was smoking. " Deer me," he mused, " I wonder whEn I acquired this strange taste for a short clav. If 1 had been a irountad patrol in my former existence-, I could understand it. But, pshaw I I never waa." It was pact six in the mor&ing; when the duke let tumm-If in with a gold latchkey set with diamonds, end retired to rest, in order to prepare himself for the fatigues of bis wedding day. TABLEAU VH. No sooner had the sentence of the jud^e been pronounced, than I web led downstairs by the government warder, and informed that I ooald leave the conrt as soon as I liked. " Can I go out a back way?" I asked. I had my reasons for wishing to leave by a tack way. I had canght sight, in conrt, of tbe lady who said ehe was my first wile, and she had a sew nmbrella with her, and two female friends. My request was complied with, and pregently I found myself emerging by a little loor into a side street. There I found Polly waiting for me. Her <weet race was very pale, her beantifal eyes were enffased with tears, but when she saw me she dropped her veil and said in a sweet low voioe, trembling with emotion,— "John. I forgive yon. Henceforward we can be nothiag to each other, but I hope yon wiV be happy." Then she broke down end sobbed as thongb her heart would break. I was no longer master of myself. I clasped her in my arms and pressed her passionately to my breast. " Polly, my darling," I cried, " yon are my own true little wife, and no other; There is a hideous mistake which I cannot explain but I am going to London to consult a solicitor. Trust me, darling, and wait and hope.^ When I come back again it will bs to claim yon as my lawful wife, before all the world." I didn't panse to think how all the world wosld be accommodated in the littie country town to witness the spectacle, but I said what I meant. "John," she replied, looking up into my face with a depth of unutterable f&ith; and love in her violet'eyes. " John, I believe you. I will wait and nope." She returned my kisses, gave me a little rose to pot in my buttonhole, and so we Darted. I shunned observation- wp.r£ to thq lailway station, and took the first tiain to London, or rather the first train took me. 1 arrived too late to consult a solicitorthat day, so I went to an hotel, dined, and spent the evening in the smoking loom, arranging my plans. 1 felt tliat I mnst at once get upon the track of the man whose clothes and liorse I hod borrowed that fatal night in the cottage on the confines of Epping Forest. Of course I didn't borrow "the horse in the rot tage but outside. That, bovrever, is a detail. The next morning 1 rose carlv and made my way to the office of my family solicitor. I 6ent up my name the Hon. Tom Montressor, and tbe head of tbe firm came down in a burry and stared at me in blank amazement. Good Gracious!" he exclaimed," this is very extraordiuaiy. What the dickens, tm a mounted patrol, iquitennder- stood no* why Mr. John Jarvis litd accepted the mtuaSon, and made no inquiries for his no en uniform and horse. Bv, on whom was John Jarvis bestowing 8 tiy rw. and rank 1 1 ftid out at once. I hailed Rhandeom, and drove at once to est. *renrgG The street was crou-ded with the chariots of ths anstoowcy. Red carpet covered the * e £P 3 wa *. B »tremendous crowd outside. The nridal procession had just pa£ed I rushed in after it. There at the r.ltrr, amid a crowd of notebilitu* stood John Jarvie, tbe mounted patroL ^the Lady Gwendoline Belvidere 1 The man's likeness to myself wee extraordinary It struck me more than^er ^ m fn?l *r. t"l bm dD '* al I thought, . for e moment, I was saeing myself in s look mg-g ass. only I had on a UEht suit and PoUv's 1 J rose (a h(Ue faded) in my bntton-hole iwo bishops, two vicars, one incumbent Gwendoline, were officiating. The senior If^T/y^^^the sSL! 6 * 1 " ons. farther delay would be danger- I rushed forward and exclaimed " 8top! n clothes. ItB time yon were at tbechnrch." you make a mistake, sir," I rtclied, «• 1 am no dnke, 1 am Tom Montressor " "Ab, I see, an impoeter, but a very extra raainery likeness. Go away, directly, rir, orl wfll give you into custody." "Bat. sir,"— yon lrieke S man," cried l dce at - St. nf F7ffTh q T e ' ul ' ten ,? i MteS. The Duke rf F.t* Thomas, my client, is married tori^^ ^thfi 013^ ^ mar " at sea in a yacht.' 18 018 DakeotK t " 5 TOa n rv^f™^ y° P™»e yourself en im- Port®. IfyonlyereTomMontoessor.you wonld Itnowyoa wereaanke." - . J P o M c e ^ ^ Why is a whisper like a forged £5 note - Because it is uttered -but not aloud. Why is a'chrysalis like a Lot roll •>— &*»use it's the grub (hat wakes the butterfly • livery eye turned in ciy dir£c::ja. 'J-''^*^ was a chorused cry of "Good gracious!" And the family solicitor exclaimed " Why, it'E that confounded impostor 1" "I am no impostor! " I cried, "hpak at me, yon people; look et me, Gwendolen. I am the Hon. Tom Montressor, now Duke ol FitzThomss." "Mostextraordinary;" said the bystanders; " why, they are erectly alike 1" I poshed my way through the trembling bridesmaids, and I took the false dnke by the collar. Lady Gwendoline fainted. " Excuse me. cousin, " I said to the senior bishop; " but the metter is urgent. This rascal has assumed my name and ti:ie." "It is false!" cried tbe sham duke, forgetting ordinary prudcnca in hid wild rag" and disappointment. "It is you who took mine; you stale my uniform and my hocfe." "You hear?" I cried triumphantly, tearing the ducal robes from the impostor, " he "confesses it. This man is no dnke, he is Jack Jarvis, a mounted patrol." Lady Gwendoline was carried into the vestry is a dead swoon. "Stay," said tbe bishop, my cousin, " thi is a most extraordinary, and I must say, i_ most nnneuai occurrence. The re&l; Tom Montressor h&9& carrsnt and raspberry mark on the left arm. Bali np yonr slcovis, both of yon. * I rolleo'up mioe. There patent <0 the eyes of the astonished congregation was the enrrant and ra^pbsrry mark. "Ton are undoubtedly tbe dnltu," said the bishop. " do yon wi°h to take thie person's piece. If so, I will osri'i forLidy Gwendolim, and continue the csremony so strangely, I may say. so annsually interrupted." . At that moment tb?ie was a ilfcturbance on the fringe of the espioz crowd. Tn another moment a middle e?ed virago with aa nrnbral'a end three female friends h-vd ap. proached the marriage pcrty. Seeing the sbnm dnke the viraro rxclaimed, " Whet, you villian. only just out of prison, and going to marry another gal." The false duke who had ret^ainsd calm until now sank upon his knees in an attitude or terror! " Save me from that woman I" he p'lriebed, " and I will give np evervthing." At this moment the M».rqni* of S , t?:r- Prime Minister, stepped f.T'i-ird and turned to the reporters in church, wV.o wcrn making copious notes. "GenMemfi of tbe he exclaimed, " I fVi.i]Ih<> inSivtalv (-.blips. 1 i: yon will keep all mention o; this fflir 'n sflair oat of the pip^r^ for reqw>T* or S'aiM.' The reporters bowed and olosed their aor-s hooks. " Sow, gentlemen." continncS Me'-qsiia, turning to ns, " I shall ba ob'igert if ynu will both accompany rat to tv^ v^try. and madam (addressing the TU'ddJr»-*geq virapc) if _ynn wBI wait in mv family new for a few mi nates with your friends, I shall take il a3 \ personal favour." " Which, all four o? us bsing trnp Conser- Atives," said tbe lady, "we Bhall bo bari'V to oblige." They seated themselves, and Jarvis nni I went into the vestry with the Prime Minister and the bishops and the principal guests. Tbere the explanation was short. I confaswri the robbery end the assumption of Jarvis's name and occupation, end related conviction for bigamy. The Marquis then explained that J irv?= having voted es a pe6r in the !at= division ®*»en he was not one. th<j fsct of this hn-i. nfss ceuu-juogpuow woo»n li - to t.agovernment in a Eeriomt dilemma. Conld vt not come to a motu&l; understanding and settle tbe matter priv.^Iy ? " Certainly," eaid Jarvis, " give jn» two choaeand pounds to take me to a far off where that virago cannot follow me, lit me out st a nid* door, and yon shall never bear of me again." I consented; the Marquis who had jnst the amount about him, kindly lent it to me, and the false duke vanished, to be seen no more. Then I put on the ducal robes, end inviting all the company to follow me. drove off in tbe dncal carriage to my town residence. There it was agreed to accept me as the dnke, and to let me take my plaoe in the Honse^of Lords, and we farther agreed that as the likeness of Jarvis to myself wss so extraordinary, nobody need be informed of the change. The servants, as it was, ell believed that I was the same duke who went out in the morning to be married. _ While we were discnesing matters, the bishop, my cousin, who had stayed behind at the church, came to inform ns that tbe cVcrly virago was still bore, waiting patiently," bnt thet Lady Gwendrtina had returned to her home, a disappointed and humiliated woman Serve her right I She should not have refused me in the days of my poverty. An announcement appeared in the next days Hvrtiivg Post, to the effect that on account of f.imiiv matters the marriage of the Dake of FitzThomas and the Lady Gwendolina Belvidera had been broken off. I wan iniBter of the eitaation. The next day I returned to Polly. I found her at her father's cottage. I told her all. Bhe flung her arms about my neck, and B-hiEpered, " Ob, Tom, I am glad 1 em t duchess, but I can't love you any better than I did when you were only a mounted patrol because I loved you all I could then." We are very liappy, Polly makes a splendid duchess, and her old father has gone to Australia, and I allow him a thonsand a year to stop there. He writes ns now and then—his last letter told us how John Jarvis had taken a public house, and is doing weH inMalbonrne. There is a middle-aged woman who passes her life between St. George's, Hanover Square, and the residence of the Marquis of S . She is trying to find out what on earth has become of Mr. John Jarvis. She bslieves be is eomc where or other ge'tine married. " 5 Last night I made a great speech in the Houec of Lords. Polly was in the Peeresses' Gallery, and Lady Gwendoline sat next "her Polly says Lady G. never took her esea ofl ber diamond?, sad she wos crying wit£ envy every time they sparkled. Polly married me when I was poor; Gwendoline wants* tc wait till I was rich. Poliy has the diamonds. And I have the Garter. The Marquis of H was very grateful to:miti forholdin" mj tongue, and gave me the Garter he had pro* mised to tbe impostor, John Jarvis. I am to have a seat in the Cabinet directly there js a vacancy. I-am glad 1 am a Conservative, vonservatives ars eo grateful to their frieuds and always remember a service done. Sometimes at i^oe meetings I see my old inspector. Hfe always comes and has a that, and shakes hands with Polly, and he never forgets to say, "Most extraordinary, yonr grace, mosi extraordinary thing I ever saw : n my .i.e. I wsr deceived myself, yon know and so were all the men; and, egid, I never ? GeoboB E. SntE. "Do yoa keep nails here?" asKea asteepyothCT day a hardware shop WaUdne into the " Yes," replied the gentlemanly proprietor, we keep cU kinds of nails. What kind will you have, sir, and how many ?" " Well," said the boy, sliding towards the door, " I'll take a pound of finger-nails, and about a ponnd and a half of toe-nails." The Cincinnati Saturday night meekly remarks: " When a girl tcJks about the two dors?" 40 a ' 5ote ®hem«m.hissuspen• If n tree were to break a window, what would the window say ?_Trec-mend-us- My husband is very fond of animals " said Mrs. Furber: "last night in his sleep he turned over and said . " Take out something for the kitty.'" What coin is; double {its value by deducting its half ?— Halfpenny. 