CRUELTY TO ANIMALS. | SIR-I read in Tuesday's Mercury a letter signed by " Sympathy " re cruelty to animals. I am very much pleased that some person has at last taken up the cudgel in defence of that most faithful animal the dog. The wholesale destruction of dogs has been for years systematically carried on in Port Cygnet to the great loss of the townspeople and the neighbours adjacent to the Port. A respectable resident of this rather quiet township recently informed me that be lost a dog by poisoning which money would not purchase. Several valuable dogs have disappeared by the same wicked way. It is remarkably strange that after the license is paid this diabolical and inhuman work is commenced. Howlong alas I shall it be permitted to continue? When BIIUU the stern hand of the law be laid upon the mean and cowardly person or persons who are performing this detestable work ? Echo may well answer "When." Surely the Port Cygnet people should receive freedom and safety for themselves, and protection for their properties from the powers to whom they bow allegiance. But the law seems to be a dead letter in this matter. The authorities appear to be unable to grapple with the difficulty, for the poison is either laid by stealth or in the shades of night. Why is it not done here as elsewhere to put up a notice to the effect that poison is laid out? Then people could save their dogs from a cruel and wanton death. It would be much easier to find a white blackbird than to hear a dog's bark in Port Cygnet township. This is not so in any other place in Tasmania, or indeed in any part of the Englishspeaking world. It is deeply to be regretted that Port Cygnet should be an exception to the goodwill and neighbourly feelings of Christian charity and humane sympathy that is proverbial in this great empire. I should not be surprised if the canine ghosts would rise in a formid- able body against their unfeeling destroyers. I But, alas I all ends with them at their deceased and nothing more may be heard in the future from them. Yours, etc. I A DOG'S FRIEND. July 22. A 