STORY OF THE GOLD ROBBERY. The Melbourne Evening Standard gives a story regarding the murderer Williams which it states has been related to a representative by a detective engaged hi the case. The in- cident goes back fifteen years, and the scones are all laid in South Africa, at a time when the diamond fever was raging and the Ru6so- TuL-kiah Wai* was Hearing, its close. In Capo Colony in 1877 three boxes containing 5000 sovereigns were one day mysteriously abstracted from ,n mail cart travelling between King wilfiamstown and' Grahara6town. The gold, belonged to tho- Standard Bank, and was taken over to the hotel in King Williamstown, whence the mail -cart started, ■ and heve. placed in the vehicle by Mr. Pointing, manager of the hostelty, in the presence of the bank officials. One di them mounted the box with tlic driver,and. all went well.-until a certain hair-way turnpike was reached, when the bills of lading.had. to>.be scrutinised and the con tonts of the vehicle examined. Then it was found that the gold was not on board. It bad disappeared in . some. unaccountable, manner, but how or where it had gone to romained a mystery, for some time after. .It was noticed that it about this time a seafaring engineer, named "Bully" . Williams was knooking about King Williatnstown, and in such a way as- k> excite suspicion in tho minds of the police, for he had .no ostensible means, of* support* though he represented himself as. being connected' with;a,big engineering firm in England. He lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the-owner of the place being at the time in the old country, having left Point ing to look after bis. interests daring bis absence. Pointing .and WHlinina were.fast friends, an^ ihe fact that Pointing evi dently 'knew something fof how the money had disappeared..brought on both men ah'fce. Thwre wob rib direct evidence upon which either could be arrested, and so it was decided to keep them both under close surveil lance. Williams began to find this sort of thing rather disagreeable, and determined to put. some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as soon as pos sible. But his time for departure had not yet arrived. He resolved to pat-up with the risk a little longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of sharing in the Bpoll. The police at last doterinined to act boldly against Pointing, fearing that he would sooner or later give them the slip. So they pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused him of the robbery; and he, taken aback with the suddenness of the charge, -tnoitly admitted he was a party to the deed. The bank,, more anxious for the money than for the vindication of the law, gave the thief to understand that if he would only lead them to the place where the coin was " planted" they would not prosecute him. He reluctantly consented. The money, he told them, bad been planted in a sandhill near the town. There were several such bills, but he could not tell them exactly whioh one. Two policemen, a bank official, and Pointing set out for the concealed treasure. Pointing led them up ono hill and down another till darkness came on, and they were all tired, and the 5000 sovereigns were as far away as ever. For noveral days after the search was renewed, but with no better result. Pointinghad changed his mind. Williams had found an opportunity of persuading him that it would be much better to risk a term of imprisonment, and have the money when he came out, than give up the money, and perhaps have to go to gaol after all. The hotel manager was at lost placed on hia trial. The evidence brought against him was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and ho left the court to serve a sentence of three years' imprisonment. The position grew altogether too uncomfort able for Williams now. The eyes of the police were on him everywhere. It wan known that he had played an important part in the robbery, and ho knew he was suspected. Whilo Pointing was on his trial Williams assured him ho would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration, that lie would wait till he oame out again, and that then they could lift the " plant," leave the country, and sail for Australia with the £5000. At any rate Pointing asserted on his libera tion that such an understanding did exist between them, and how Williams on his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning after the hotel manager had begun to serve hia sentence a mysterious disappearance was reported. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no-one could say where he had gone, or how he had taken his departure. Ho had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no traoe of him could be found. Nothing more was heard of him till about nine months later, when a queer-looking little man, evidently disguised, got off the coach at King williamstown. No one knew who the visitor was, and 80 as many people were going and coming to the diamond fields he did not excite more than ordinary notice. The little man was none other than "Bully" Williams, who had returned for the " swag" when the coast vras dear. He found it where it was planted in the sand, and, laden with sovereigns, he made his way baok as quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of East London it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave a great spree at one of the hotels, got all bis old acquaintances round him, and after a really merry time of it he Bailed for London. The gentleman who lias supplied us with this information was at the time a prominent resi dent of* East London, and his bona fides are undoubted. Ho knew Williams well and all about him, and has no doubt that the man who committed the Windsor murder and the accomplice of Pointing in the South African gold robbery are one and the same person. Williams was for some years an engineer on one of the Union Company's Cape mail boats. When at East London ho had to leave the vessel, it was supposed, through a row with the men, who.could not stand his arrogant dispo sition. He was known among seafaring men as " Bully" Williams, because of the constant swagger he assumed and his notoriously aggressive manner; When Pointing got out of gaol he went back lo -Kingwillianißtown, to get the money he And Williams, had planted, bnt found to his Borrow that Williams, who had promised to wait for him, had. been there before him. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail cart, put in dummy boxes instead, the bank officials who were standing by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams's favourite topic of conversation .on board the Kaiser Wilhelm was "My travels in South Afrioa," where he alleged he bad made a foe ton* and " Spent it like a man, sir." I Garza, the leader of the Mexican rebels, ig only 29 years old. He was born in Mexico. For several years he worked as a reporter on newspapers in American' and Mexican cities; and finally established one of his own at Eagle Pass, Texas, and when that failed became the editor of a Mexican paper that- made a Bpeoiality of attacking President Dial* 