A TALK WITH A DIVER. “I’m not going to till you about ghosts under water, corpses sitting upright in the state-rooms of steamers, with books open on their knees, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, be cause I haven’t seen such. Nor has any other diver. You can’t see anything in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories he’s not a diver—except that he dives away from the truth.” “Is there any skill required in the act of diving—I mean getting down to the object on which you are to work?” “No. That is to say, no particular skill—only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too sudden. But the art of of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. You see, his shoes weigh 201bs each. Then what he has on his chest and back weighs of 401bs.eacli. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of duck, with a layer of rubber between them. To the top part of tho dress a collar of copper isaflixed, nnd to this the helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver’s head. The helmet is large enough to allow a space of three inches around the head, and there are three tubes through which the airreachesthe interior of the helmet. Before the diver goes down, a weighted lino is sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The lifeline is tied round his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run out as he descends. As he mores about below, those above must regulate the life line and hose, and should he ready to pull him up as soon as they get tho signal —a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy there’s a rushing sound or a noise like thunder made by the air passing from the hose into the helmet, but that’s nonsense. You don’t hear any sound except the strokes of the “ If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and when they get it haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe ?” Usually not. If a diver’s careful about his work, nothing should happen, but if enything does happen it is usually all over with him. A tug on the line means death, especially if he is down deep. The diver dosn’t perish because lie’s cut off too long from the supply of air, but from the frightful pressure. Take, for instance, the death of Jenkins,,in 1S7S. His hose burst. They hauled him up in two minutes. Ho was a corpse. I don’t care to describe his appearance. It was harrow ing. I can give you, from an experi ence of mine, some idea of the pressure. I was at work below, when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. Fortunately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they were hauling me as if I had a hydraulic jack on each side of my head. The hose had not burst, and the pump had been working all right, so we were at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful exam ination of the hose. Wo found a lot of paper balls in it. I don’t know anyone who is an enemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kind of danger I have just described—that of the stoppage of air and death from pres sure—is perhaps the greatest, because a diver can’t do anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond his control. “There is another danger, and a very curious one too, which fortunately is not often incurred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver while his dress is being put on will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful coolness makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but once. I have slept soundly at tho bottom of a creek for one hour and a half. Now, suppose you had a job that you could work at only during ono hour of slack water, and on going below you fell asleep and slept over your time. The tide would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and that would be the end of you.— Million. 