CHfLDJiEX'Si COLUMN. rilli AVENGING HOUSE. A MEXICAN SUl>EIISTITION AND ITS INTERBSTINU OlilüIN. One day as thc freight train running from San Francisco to San Jose rumbled around a sharp curve just outside thc City of San Jose, a while hoiBc sprain; on thc track and raced down toward thc town in front of the engine. For u mile thc train did not gain on Mm. Then Hie unequal fooling of thc crosstics and the pace began tn tell on the white steed, aud thu engine crept slowly up to him. The engineer gave a few shrieks of thc whistle to scare thc horse from thc track, but he kept right on in front, running with thc speed of a racer, with his long tail streaming in a straight linc behind him. Tho engineer saw a stock gap in front half a mile away, and again pulled the whistle. The horse simply let out a few links and went on. Thc engineer got mad. Ile pulled the throttle open and went after the white phantom at a thirty-miles-an-hour clip. He was a bare hundred feet behind thc horse when thc animal reached thc stock gap and plunged iu among thc open tics and fell. Thc pilot struck bim, ground thc life out of him in an instant, and then ploughed into tho dirt on the opposite side of thc track. Thc engineer swore a few choice oaths and jumped out of thc car. The horse was dead as a door nail, und the engine had left the rails. " Another suit for thc Company," said the conductor as he came up. " How did you do it, Jim?" "Oh, I don't know," answered Jim in a surly way. " Thc brute got on the track und just stayed there till I struck him. He was possessed of the devil, I guess." They had to send to San JOBC for thc wrecking engine to put the traiu back on the rails, and while they were waiting a Mexican rode along thc road beside the track. He pulled up his broncho to sec the wreck. "Caramba, senor," he exclaimed, turning .pale dud trembling, "it is Vasquez's boree. ! And he mounted his pony as quickly . as possible and sped off dowu the road. " Who the duece is Vasquez?" asked Jim, "from the way that Greaser got a push on himself you'd think we'd killed a ghost" " If that's Vasquez's horse as the Greaser said, you have kilted a Mexican ghost," said tile conductor, and he walked over and looked at the dead animal lying under the front wheels of the engine. It was Vasquez's horse. The whole country knew it the next day. Ho was twenty years old and totally blind when he met his death in front of the freight train, and for ten years had roamed over thc unoccupied land about the lower part of Santa Clara County free as a j bird and feared by tho Mexicans inure than a ¡ lion. He was called by them tho "white devil," aud it was their belief that ho was possessed of a soul mortgaged to the evil ouc thc soul cf Vasquez. It is a strange talc that thc old Mexican mothers tell of this white horse. Vasquez was tho most noted bandit of the early days of California. He bid defiance to thc law, eluded thc detectives and searching parties for years, and killed and robbed half a hundred men. He roamed over the State of California from tho north to tho south, leaving desolation and death in his wake. He surrounded himself with a band of desperate Mexicans, and terrorized entire communities. Lone travellers by day and by night were stopped on the road and relieved of their cash, and often of their lives. A quiet village cn the Sou Joitqucu Valley would bc awakened ut thc dead of night by the rush of sounding hoof bcate. Timid men would pull thc covers about their heads and shiver. Next day thc principal store in thc place would bc found opcu. thc safe robbed, valuable goods taken, and thc guardian, if it hud any, dead with a bullet in his head or a knife wound in' his heart. Vasquez had been there. One day the stage was rattling down thc road from one of thc mountain mines. The Wells-Kargo box was heavy with bullion; and half a dozen armed guards sat in the coach. Tlie driver sat on the box with a Winchester j between his knees, and chatted with another guard who sat beside him balancing a shot-gun across bis lap. They were talking of Vasquez. " They say he allers rides a white boss, and dresses like a dandy," said thc driver. " Wish't he'd jump thcr gun-Eitc stage onc't when the boys is aboard." Two horsemen, dressed in tho tinselled Mexican cavalier costume, rounded a turn in thc road just in front of thc stage, and came riding toward it. One of them bestrode a white horse. They cantered up. " Thc mau on the white horse went to tho right and his companion to thc left of thc stage. Suddenly they reined up. 1 " Pardon, senor ; will thc senor give me a light for nie cigarette ?" Thc driver good-naturedly pulled up and leaned over from bis scat with thc big cigar which he wnB smoking extended between his lingers. He was met with a snap shot straight in thc brain, and tumbled headlong into tlie dust. At thc same instant thc guard lurched and fell forward under the horses with u ball in his forehead. A dozen men sprang from the underbush beside thc road and shoved the muzzles of their rifles through thc stage door on cither side. Taken by surprise, not a weapon was drawn by the guards. Thc strong box was lifted from thc boot, thc men inside were disarmed while thc robbers' rifles stared them in the eyes, and then the merry company, with many jokes about the dresses they would buy for their senoritas, mounted the horses that wore lcd out of thc woodR and rode away, he on thc white steed humming a hit of some old Spanish love song to thc time of his horse's step. It was a dreamy August afternoon in Southern California when thc Mayor of Los Angelos and a fellow official were driving along the old saud road through thc Arroya Sero towards tho town. Over thc brow of a hill half a mile in front of them a group of horsemen appeared at ii gallop. They swept down thc hill and met the buggy of thc Mayor, The galloping horses were yanked back upon their hnunclirs, and a swarthy Mexican upon a while boree shoved a pistol in the Mayor's face and said, with a show of his teeth in a smile, " Vow money, senor !" Thc Mayor thought il was a joke and laughed. " Quick, quick !" said the horseman as his weapon clicked ¡ " I am Vasquez." Thc Mayor laughed again. '. Ecf you don't belief mc, senor, look !'' He pointed hack to thu hill, and there appeared another group of horsemen riding nt full tilt from tho town. "Quick!" Baili Vasquez ; "lani no fool." Thc Mayor looked down thc pistol bnrrel at tho pair of black, glittering eyes that lined thc sights, and put up his hands. He was lightened of his chamois hajj of gold, as wns his friend, and the bold rubbers wheeled and were off nt a run, thc posse from thc town riding up five minutes too late to catch them or to save thc Mayor's coin. The baud escaped into the chapparel. Vasques made history In this way for five years and then was caught like a rat in a trap in a 'dobo house near the scene of thc robbery of thc Mayor, and was shot down by a news- paper correspondent detailed to accompany the search party. He survived his wounds, was taken to San Jose, where one of his earliest and most atrocious murders had l»cu committed, and there met bis fate on the scaffold. And now for the horse. Every .time thc robbers appeared ono of them, thc leader, would bc mounted upon a white hoi sc. That he hod a world of speed was shown in the way that, he would gallop away from tho rOBt of the gang when they were pursued. The horse was hitched behind thc house when Vasquez was shot. One of the capturing party tried to take him and was severely bitten for his cupidity. The horse broke away, went careering off towards thc canon wheru Vasque?, had had his rendezvous, und was lost to sight. Most people sn id he died in the mountaius of starvntiou, but the Mexicans say no. They saw him again. The night after Vasquez was hanged a white horse galloped up the street to thc gaol, stood a moment at the door, and gave a neigh. Thc Mexicans heard in ita call to the dead Vasquez. There came no answer to the horse's challenge and he wheeled about and went as suddenly as he came. Then he turned bandit and followed Vasquez's old trials. Once in a while a man would lie found on the road with his body frightfully mutilated and his flesh bearing the marks of hoofs. .Some- times in the night a white horse would appear at the door of a Mexican cabin in some lonely spot and neigh. If no answer came he would be off like tile wind, but if any man dared show himself the horse would attack him with hoof and teeth, and it was seldom that a victim escaped. Time and again he was shot at, and one Mexican buck was foolhardy enough to try to rope him and met a terrible death. The horse hore a charmed life. He became almost as great a terror to the Mexicans as Vasquez had boen to the rich Americans. If by chance a Mexican's pony got out of the corral and wandered oft in search of gross, the white horse would find him and enlist him. First he had one follower, then two, then half a dozen. No man could kill them, and no mau dared to attempt to capture them. With no loads upon their hacks they were fleet as the wind and could outstrip thc best horse with a rider. The Mexicans named the leader thc " White Devil," and said that Vasquez lived again in his horse. AB the years went by and Vasquez became a memory, and his exploits thc theme for children's stories, the White Devil lost his companions. He visits to the vicinity of thc little towns became less and less frequent, and then ceased altogether. At long intervals s Mexican would ride in with u report that he had seen the White Devil in some canyon among the hills. Even these reports ceased, and few Americans of the latter days in Cali- fornia had heard of bim until tho freight train killed thc white horse. Thc Mexicans came for miles to look at him. All of them knew him, at least they said so, and they rer spectcd him sufficiently to look at bis dead body from a distance. When he was dragged from beneath elie engine by the trainmen a horse doctor looked at him. He was a magnificent animal even in death, and the veterinary said that he had been stone blind for years. Vasquez's deeds are history ; thc story of the White Devil is a Mexican superstition. I Detroit Freí Presé. 