Presentation to Dean Powna'l. At the conclusion of the consecration cere incny of the Bishop of Goulbnm, the Rev. J. Studds, on behalf of the clergy, asked permission to make a presentation to the Dean. The Bishop, who had taken the chair, said he was very happy to he^r such a pre sentation was to be made. The Rev. Mr. Studds aud the Rev. P. G. Smith then advanced to the table, and the latter, addressing the Dean, said that his brother clergy had done him the honor as a clergyman of the oldest standing in the diocese to ask him to present the Dean with an address expressive of their regard and esteem and of their appreciation of the ability shown by him as Vicar-General and Administrator. He gladly undertook the pleasant duty which he had been asked to perform, as a fellow laborer with the Dean for so many years, even from the formation of the diocese, and having during those years had abundant opportunity of learning the Dean's great worth. The Rev. Mr. Smith thenread the follow ing address, which was bound aud hand somely illuminated :— " To the Very Rev. William Henry Pownall, B.D., Dean of Gonlburn, Vicar-General and Administrator of the Diocese of Goulburn. " Very Rev. Sir,—On the occasion of the consecratiou of the second Bishop of Goul burn aud of your consequent retirement from the office of administrator, we, the undersigned clergy of the diocese, desire to convey to you our deep sense of efficiency with which yon have discharged the im portant duties that have devolved upon you and of your uniform courtesy and kindness in your several official relations. " Wo desire also to express our respect ami admiration for your Christian character and our acknowledgement of the great and varied services you have rendered to the church in this diocese during the past 2S years, and our thankfulness that by the providence of God you have been spared to labor so long in tills portion of the Lord's vineyard. " We beg your acceptance of the accom panying gold watch as a slight • memento of our regard for you, which has been deepened hy the consistent manner in which you have carried out the duties of your position as administrator of the diocese. " Wishing you every blessing in ' this life and praying that when the chief Sheppard shall appear you may receive the crown of glory which fadeth nob away, " We are, " Faithfully yours, (Here follows the signatures.) The Rev. Mr. Smith also handed the Dean a gold watch, expressing the hope that he would long. be .spared to wear it; and that while it woald remind him of the flight of time, it would also remind him of his brother laborers in the gospel and of their hearts that beat with good feeling and respect for him, and with earnest desires for his welfare in the highest and widest sense of the word. (Great Applause.) The Dean, after a few preliminary re marks, read the following reply " To the Clergy of the Diocese of Goul burn. "My dear Brethren,—I desire to thauk you very heartily for your kind address and the.valuable memento that accompanies the same, though in so doing I fear I shall fail to express the greatness of my gratitude and ! my deep tense of your kindness. The administration of the diocese, which has now happily come to au end, w»s much lightened by your kind consideration, | prayers, and sympathy, and by a personal I conviction that it was service tendered not ; to man but to the Great Head of the Church. It is naturally on resigning the cares of office a great comfort for me to feel that what has been attempted has proved conducive to the cood of the church of the diocese, and that during the interregnum in the See the interests of the King have not suffered. ^ "This administration has naturally brought me into more direct intercourse with some of you than has previously been the case, and I trust the result, may prove a, strong bond of brotherly union bet ween us. " I deeply recognise and feel the greatness of the .privilege I have had of laboring in the diocese during the whole of the epis copate of our late beloved and revered Bis hop, and I trust I.may be spared to use what little ability I may possess in aiding and carrying out to the utmost of my power auy future work that may be assigned to me by him whom the Holy Ghost has made our overseer. Of one thing, my brethren, I am fully assured—that by earnest united action and prayer the church in this diocese will become a praise and a glory in this fair and sunny land. "The suitability of your kind present deeply impresses me, and when in daily life I use your gift 1 shall not forget the givers or sin against the Lord in ceasing to pray for you. May we all remember the divine example of Him who said, " I must work the works of Him that sent me while it is day. The night cometh when uo man can work." *' We have no time to sport- nvrny the hours, AU most be earnest in a world like our.-." " Let us then as a united body, under the leading of one whom we welcome as our Father in God, attempt ereat things and expect great things from Him who is ever prepared to grant the desire of the earnest working soul by saying, "Beit unto thee eveu as thou wilt." " Again thanking you and praying that all may be filled with the fulluess of the blessings of the Gospel and be a blessing to those over whom you have the spiritual charge, that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear ye may receive the crown. that fadeth uot away, '* Believe me, my brethem, "Yours faithfully, in Christ, " W. H. PowxalxJ' The reply was received with applause. The Primate in a few cordial words ex pressed on behalf of himself and bis brother bishops the pleasure which the proceedings they had witnessed had given them. This concluded the celebrations of the morning. The service was full choral and the choir acquitted themselves admirably. Mr. F. C. Bury, organist of St John's Church, Wagga, Mr. T. Sharp, organist of the Wesleyan Church, Goulbnm, aud others assisted the choir. Mr. F. W. Harraer, organist of the Cathedral, presided at the organ throughout with his usual ability. 