Tales and SJsetckes ?THE GREAT GRILL - STREET CONSPIRACY. ,-'; , By Sir Gilbert Campbell, i ?2 .' CHAPTER. I.— GB.BAI GBILL- STREET. ; . Few people have a' general knowledge rr'.-of the locality known as Great Grill-street, - ?-''In the west central district of -town, ? /though many have a dim. recollection of their fathers or grandfathers having at »nmn rnmnfcn nnrind ihhiIr allusion tn its ' - ibygdne glories, when it ; waa the home of . - jrank and. fashion, and its streets resounded ;. to- the clatter of carriage wheels and the ?ring of the powdered footmen's gold '.'..beaded, canes. ; ,^ , ??; But now,' alas ! its grandeur have all :. ^departed, ? and the tall old houses present :? a molanoholy aBpect, as though conscious' t^at their day had pasaed away, for ever, and that nothing was left for them for ?'the remainder of their bricks and mortar -.^existence but squalor and degradation. Flyblown cards, bearing the announce ment 'that; apartments conld be procured within, decorated, moat of the window panes, and formed a lugubrious pendant ~, to the huge iron extinguishers for putting out .'the links carried by footmen, long since dead and gone, which still decorated fthe rusty .iron railings of . some of the nhouses. The street was very quiet, and intensely respeotable, but the seal of de solation had been, set upon it, , and the lodging-house fiend had claimed the place for its own. A fen- children hopped listlessly about on one leg as they played an eccentric game, the ohlef element of. which was a marvellously crooked chalk diagram on the pavement, whilst} , a 'v perfept colony- of oats of -; -every size and hue slumbered peacefully upon, the1 doorateps,' daring any canine foe. to venture within their chosen abiding . placed There was-an air of deadly quiet about the localityj which waB only bro ken by the. unearthly yell with which the milkman seems to consider it necessary to announce hia arrival, or the strains of aome misguided organ man, who has been rash enough to pay the street a visit— an act which ., he,. is never guilty of a second time. At one end of; the street are the cUtall jtrees rising from the centre of the ? quaint Becltision of Battenburg square, whilst at the other is heard the thunder of the' tram cars as they roll down Theo .vphilus road on their way to the far distant 7 suburbs of the northern portions of ^London. C '; ; It was a bright sunny: day on a July afternoon, -one -of ^hose days of ,whioh 'we used to see so many, but. with which we ; are'novf so seldom favoured ; the dazzling ..gleams .-'of sunlight .- remorselessly .showed up the dingy brickwork, blistered paint, , and the. shabby, dyed curtains which deco' v rated the windows of the' houses in Great Grill-street. Its bright rays darted -into hideous little dens known as knife houses, fashioned in remote corners of the areas, ^and made the whole dinginess and squalor of the locality more apparent. A young man about, 27 years. of age, was walking down Great Grill- street,' looking with an air of doubt at the cards with which the various windows were decorated, and occasionally' taking out a handkerchief and wiping the perspiration from his fore head. He. was a rather small man, with blue eyes and a silky fair beard andmouB: tache, dressed in a quiet suit of tweed, with a low felt hat. He oarried a Bilver' mounted bane which he swung meditatively to. and fro as he 'oatae to a halt opposite the, door of 49, the light of which, of course, .showed the' card with the usual inscription of rooms to be let. Be had already been into more. than one house in the street, and he shuddered at the 'thoughts .of encountering another vision of dirty rooms and slatternly land ladies, with an endless catalogue of extras in the shape of gBB, boot cleaning, and kitchen fires. It was, however,' abso lutely necessary that he ', should' procure some place of shelter, and with a half sigh ho lifted the worn knocker of 49 and .gave a feeble rap. It seemed a good augury that he was not kept long wait ing, for; af tor the lapse of a few seconds a decently- attired servant girl opened the door and looked with a mute air of ex pectation at the visitor. ? .??..,.-.-. .... 'What rooms have you.?1, asked the young man, ^putting the query for about ,the sixth. timo that day. ,,...,.,.......-.. ... ? ' Dining-room floor, sir,' answered the girl. ' Will you step in and see them V ?.. Ab she spoke she threw open a door in the passage, and, after a moment's hesi tation, the young man.entered. The rooms were not very different from those he had already inspected' during, the: course of the day, with the exception that they appeared to be scrupulously clean. There was around table in the centre, lialfa dozon-ohairs, a large uncomfortable-lookr. ing couch standing against the folding doors/ a sideboard, and a massive arm chair. There was .a tall looking-glass over the mantelpiece, which' gave a greenish hue to all objects reflected in it, the faded gilt frame of which was carefully protected by a covering of yellow muslin, and two hideous portraits of a man and woman in the tea-tray style of .art,upon the walls. He was turning away from the contemplation 'of these gems of the limner's hand in some disgust, when his eye caught sight of a large table in one ,of the windows. His whole face at once lighted up ; here was exactly the article of furniture which he had been so long in search of,- and which he had always found deficient in every one of the rooms which he had as yet inspected. 'Here is my mistress, sir,' said the girl as ne turned towards her and put ; a question regarding the terms, and an elderly woman entered the room. She did not seem to belong to the same type of landlady, bo many facsimiles of which he had seen, during his search for rooms, for she was tall and gaunt, aud although perfectly civil, without that gush of vulgar effusiveness to which he had been acoustomed. She was dressed in blaok, and seemed to be about fifty years of age. The terms whtoh she asked appeared fair enough, and then the young man put a few questions as to the other lodgers in the house. : 'You won't' be much troubled by them,' replied the landlady, 'they are all young men who go -to business at nine, and are generally' 'home and in bed by eleven,' ; except the drawing-room, and he is a bit irregular in his habits,- but very.quiet.y I think he is something of a writing gentle man.' . 1 You are sure he is perfectly quiet -?.'? said the young man, who had some little experience of 'writing men,' as the land lady, called them, and their quiet habits/ ' 'Some days I get quite frightened,' returned the landlady, ' for we can't hear him; .stir for forty-eight hours, but he made the arrangement' that no one was to go near him unless he rang ; but now that .we have' got more, used to his ways, 4, we ain't afraid of its being suicide or sudden death,- but you'll find him;quiet enough.'; ?' ;? Aiter ' a few, more j questions and . {an inspection. of the bedroom^ whiolTprbv.ed .quite1 i satisfactory,' the appartmerits' were taken, ahcithe lodger started off 'with the expressed intention ,?' of; procuring: his luggage and taking possesion of his lodgings at once. -; '...., .'?? : ??'?..'... ''! . David Acland, for such , was the name of the searoher for an asylum, was the second son oi a gentleman owning a small estate in Marlshire. David' had' always betrayed a strong inclination for literary pursuits^ arid as a youth, had filled' the Poet's Corner of the local newspaper with startling emanations of his mind.. .Having passed a brief college career he had managed,. 'to get an .engagement on a journal published in a large manufacturing town, and after remaining in it for nearly three years had come to London with a view of making his name in literature., For the couple of years he had been fairly successful, and had even, contrived to penetrate into the mystio circle ' of contributors to more than one well-known magazine. . .'.' ? .:.i .David had ever since his first arrival in town lodged in a house in. Bays water, which had been recommended to him, but ''that establishment having been broken up he had; determined to migrate to an utterlj new locality, and it was with this object that he had sought for and obtained rooms in Great Grill Street. ??.'.... ' David Aoland was a quiet young man,, but who, on occasion, could make himself excessively agreeable. Older men' in the profession said he would .make his mark yet. He, had. received an order from a well known publishing firm to revise and compile. afresh, a cookery, book for the million, and he proposed to break ground in his new employment at.49, Great Grill Street.,,. The .work .upon which he waB about to engage is mentioned here to show, that there was. nothing romantic about it,' and that it was riot 'one of a character likely to excite the powers of imagination,^ or to Uead the mind to the field of occult and mystic. science.' ' This, indeed, was a subject of speculation upon which David Aoland had never ventured; but1 when -the 'public taste, required a good startling ghost story, he had sat down and evolved a fairly satisfac tory one from his inner consciousness ? or if this failed him, had hunted up some antique legend of bogeydom, which with fresh dresses and scenery he had presented to the reading Bection of the public. By six o'clock in the evening David had taken possession of his rooms at No. 49, and had with some glee arranged his writing materials on the table in the window which had caugbt his eye., 'No moving of papers with every meal,' muttered he to himself; 'and if the gentleman upstairs proves as quiet as my landlady asserts, I shall get through my cookery business finely.' ? As he spoke, 'a key grated in the iook of the front door, and a slow stealthy step passed through the hall and ascended the staircase.: With an impulse which he could: not control, David sprang to the door, and opening it a little distance, peeped out. He was, however, only in time to catch a faint glimpse of a tall figure ascending the stairs, and a moment after, the sounds of footsteps overhead told him that this must have been the drawing-room lodger. -; ? . ? '? (To be Continued.) ; . 