'Red-leaf.' By A. C. M. CHAPTER I. ' Your name is Jordan ?' 'Yes, madam.' 'I understand you were last with Lord Almond. Of course, you have a reference from him?' The young man took from his breast-pocket a folded paper, which he laid deferentially on the table before the lady, who, picking it up with a rather fastidious gesture of her jewelled fingers, read it slowly, half aloud, pausing once or twice to look severely at the young man standing before her, as if she were doubtful of his identity. ' Melbourne Club, April 17, 189—' 'The bearer, Jordan, is an honest fellow, steady and capable. His fault is that he does not know his place. Perhaps I have kept him too long. I have rather spoilt him: he will probably serve others better than he has served me. I confidently recom mend anyone to take him — on trial. ' Almond.' ' Lord Almond,' dwelling luxuriously on the first syllable, ' does not say much for you. Why did you leave his service ?' ' We were sick of one another !' impetuously. 'A very improper way to speak,' said Mrs. D'Alton, elevating her fat chin. ' His Lordship is evidently right. I should be very sorry to receive into my establishment a servant that does not keep his place. Mr. D 'Alton is ex-ceed-ingly par ticular,' her hard eye daring Jordan to mate rialise the ghost of a smile that seemed hovering on his attentive face, but he rejoined respectfully, 'I know I could give you satisfaction, madam, 'if you would try me. I filled the place of valet to my late master when he was travelling; but I have served him in other capacities, and am equally capable of taking the part of groom of the cham bers, butler, or footman.' Now, Mrs. D' Alton wanted a factotum rather than a footman, and she wanted him in a hurry. A trained man-servant is a scarce article in the colo nies, and the alleged versatility of this one opened up thrifty possibilities. His pleasant face and manner, his neat appearance — for he looked quite a gentlemanly person in his tweed suit— offered to her experienced eye the makings of a most creditable retainer. Then it would be agreeable to be able to refer to him casually among her friends as having been groom of the chambers to Lord Almond. As to his not knowing his place — she would soon see about that ! the corner of her lip curling involuntarily. With the prompt decision of a good general, Mrs. D 'Alton determined to try him. Instantly followed the misgiving, ' Could there be anything wrong about him ? ' She reread the letter, frowning, looked up suddenly, and said in a sharp voice : ' I'm afraid you must drink — or something ! ' With a frank laugh, instantly suppressed, ' You have Lord Almond's word to the contrary, madam.' She would try him, but she would get him cheap if she could, for to bully and bargain were the amiable pleasures of her life, so Mrs. D'Alton named a wage less than she had paid her last footman, an un grateful scoundrel who (having secured a good place in Melbourne) told her on leaving that he didn't want her reference, as it would ruin his 'prospects ' if it were known that he had demeaned himself to live in such a place ! — and Jordan agreeing to these terms with what seemed to her a suspicious alacrity, after detailing his duties she bade him come that after noon in good time to lay the dinner-table. The Red-leaf menage was a domestic monarchy, in which the first and last of the line was Regina D'Alton. Among her subjects was one John D'Alton, Esq., J.P., but his functions were limited to bewildered acquiescence, to signing cheques (even this he could not do without supervision, as he had an idiotic trick of writing his name Dalton), and to trying to live up to and not disgrace his august consort. He was a tall, thin man, who wandered about his magnificent house with the air of an accidental intruder, and always sat on the plainest chair he could find, as if he were not yet on terms of familiarity with his own furniture. His tailor's bill declared him one of the best-dressed men in Sydney, and he appeared in the correct attire of an English gentleman on every imaginable occasion. Sailing made him sick, but whenever Mrs. D 'Alton entertained on board his fine yacht his outer husk was irreproachably yachtsman. On the tennis lawn or in the grand stand he was equally convenable. He was understood to be hos pitable ; he did not like cigars, but he smoked them ; he carved admirably, too admirably, it was said. Off duty, he talked intelligently — on the exportation of meat. There were also two little lads, born, so to speak, in Eton suits, whose tall hats caused them moments of bitterness in the company of other little boys not so advantageously mothered. They were singularly fortunate children, little ready-made gentlemen, who enjoyed the full benefit of money's worth in their bringing-up. They were tutored and travelled and developed, and suffered every dis covery and even experiment to date. They had big heads, and spotless collars, and clean nails, often con versed with their mama in French (they had refined little voices), wore wide, fashionable trousers, and liked their sherry dry. Miss Dolly Devlin was their gouvernante. She did not teach them, but was re sponsible for their toilettes and their manners, gave them music and painting lessons, and, when they were busy with their tutor, Mrs. D'Alton found a good many uses for her domestic talents. She was an English girl, an orphan, picked up cheap. Met by chance, her charming manner and sweet voice were not lost upon 'the General,' who did an excellent stroke of bargain-business in securing, at less than servant's wages, a lady to mould her boys, and winning universal credit for treating her depen dent ' quite as the daughter of the house.' If Mrs. D'Alton's social ambition was sometimes top-heavy on the pillars of her wealth, it was Miss Devlin who helped to right things, and saved her from many a mistake. How far this was conscious on either side, it would be delicate to inquire ; but although ' the General' found her young companion useful in seconding her ponderous efforts to entertain, her vanity blinded her to the truth that many of her guests were solely attracted by Miss Devlin, especi ally the young men, to whom she was so lavishly hospitable, and whose attentions the charming Eng lish girl controlled within inoffensive limits with so much tact and discretion. A word must be said about the new footman, in whom the keen reader has already detected an im postor. His father, the old Viscount Almond, whose only child he was, had hated him, and refused to believe he was his son. The old lord bequeathed his personalty, a large sum, mainly inherited from a relative who had amassed it in the service of a rajah, to Dorothy Devlin, the orphan daughter of a lady to whom he had been attached in early man hood, and the entailed estates, to which the heir succeeded, were so little profitable that the young man was glad to accept a cotton-lord's offer to lease them on terms which would leave him a slender income. Then an unexpected thing happened. Miss Devlin pointblank refused the unjust legacy. Jordan had been advised to move for the will to be set aside. This he declined to do. In a very remarkable interview between the man who was disinherited and the woman who refused to profit by it, they came to know one another, and after unavailing arguments, in the course of which the two young fools (as the lawyers thought them) both avowed absurdly impracticable, not to say socialistic, views about earning their bread, they parted, without arriving at any sensible compromise, but each feeling an extreme admiration for the other. Acting under advice, the lady subsequently wrote, asking Jordan to divide the property ; but an injudicious joke to the effect that a marriage would be the simplest settlement made her letter so frigid that Jordan never answered it, and the desire he had felt to pursue the acquaintance, and against which his pride had been struggling, was quenched for the time. The money accumulated. Jordan disappeared (he lived in all sorts of places in all sorts of ways, seeing life from entirely new points ot view, and rather enjoying it). He hoped Miss Devlin might eventually accept her legacy, but doubted it. He happened to be in Mel bourne when he heard through an old college chum that she had not only adhered to her declaration of independence, but was actually in Sydney as gover ness to a Mrs. D'Alton, a parvenue. The image of Dolly revived in his mind, and he found himself thinking a good deal about her. His own experi ences of the difficulty of bread-winning made him regret her obstinacy. Soon after, in consequence of losing some reporting work he had been doing, he came up to Sydney, but was not successful in finding employment. An acquaintance who knew Mr. D'Alton spoke one day in rather warm terms of Miss Devlin. This incident was the weight which unwound a curious string of sensations. His annoyance drew from himself to himself the reassurance that of course he was not the least in love with Dolly Devlin, she was nothing to him. But it was through him — his mere existence — that she was a governess, instead of enjoying the life of a rich woman at home. The position of a pretty young girl in a snob's house was a very unprotected one. It was surely his duty to point out to her the uselessness, the folly of this sacrifice. He really owed it to his father's in tentions towards her to make another effort to per suade her to take the money. Then he saw Mrs. D'Alton's advertisement, and the whimsical idea of answering it came into his head. He had gone by the name of Jordan ever since he left England, he wrote himself Jordan a true-enough character from himself Almond, got a waiter who had been a butler to give him a lesson in plate- cleaning and coach him in a footman's work, and presented himself at Red- leaf. CHAPTER II. The D'Altons owned a chalet in the mountains, from which ' the General ' had returned to Dar ling Point to set Red-leaf in order for the winter, leaving Miss Devlin in charge of the two young princes. She had sent for them to return to-day, as she had people coming to dinner and needed her young aide-de-camp. Jordan had fallen into his new place admirably, bis swift obligingness had al ready made him a favourite with his mistress, and ' the new gentleman ' was tremendously approved in the kitchen, except by a red- haired housemaid who did not consider his attentions sufficiently pro nounced after those of his predecessor, who had left in her possession his heart and a seal-ring which she wore on her thumb when remote from the General's eagleeye. Jordan looked forward with mingled sensa tions to his first meetiug with Dolly. He had shaved his moustache, and the scarlet waistcoat with which his black livery was enlivened was in itself a disguise. But would she know him ? He would probably not see her till dinner-time, and as this was a festive occasion he had a hired man to help wait, as well as James, the pantry-boy, who, when required, shed his working chrysalis and emerged resplendent in buttons. James was in love with Miss Devlin him self, as he had confided to Jordan in intervals of spoon-polishing. He was growing very fast, and nourished an implacable hatred of 'they kids,' as he designated his young masters, who were wont to recommend him to put treacle in his shoes. Poor Dolly was rather miserable to-night. She was tired ; the boys had been troublesome. She hated coming back to Sydney, and the young squatter who had taken her into dinner was develop ing an infatuation difficult to repress, which threat ened to get her into trouble with the General. 'There is nothing in creation half so cruel as a woman,' murmured Mr. Mallock plaintively. 'How can you be so unkind when joy at seeing you again has made me absolutely imbecile ? ' ' Don't attempt to hold me responsible for that,' said Dolly sternly. ' I am an Englishwoman, and Englishwomen are fair — ' 'They are,' looking down at her so lovelornly that both laughed. ' Credit where credit is due, say I, and I will not countenance the Australian vice of filial ingratitude ! ' After a little pause, ' Why do you make me so rude, Mr. Mailock? Pepper ?' ' No more, thanks. Here I might retort ? ' 'That would be wise, wouldn't it ?' said Miss Devlin sweetly. 'Only I won't throw away the opportunity of contemplating your penitence. ' ' I already know you to be an irritating person, but it is quite a discovery to find you imaginative,' scornfully ; ' don't let me interrupt your medita tions,' and she turned to her neighbour on the right, who was conscientiously studying his menu. ' Dear me,' thought Dolly a moment later, catching sight of Jordan bending forward in the light of the wax candles, ' how that man's face startled me ; he is just like Lord Almond. How absurd ! ' She gave an odd little laugh, and, while seeming to listen, fell ? to wondering where the poor fellow was. 'How charming he was — what a contrast to Mr. Mallock ! Why had he never answered her poor little letter, which cost her so much to write ? Of course it was rather stiff ; what could the man expect ? ' She went through it, sentence by sentence, in her memory. ' It certainly was a horrid letter, but why did Mr. Hughson make that odious suggestion ?' and she felt herself getting hot and red. ' If she should ever need Lord Almond again, she would manage him differently. She understood men better now, ' with a smile and a little nod to herself. ' Am I forgiven— for being insulted ? ' said Mr Mallock, softly. 'Hock, sir?' 'said' a well-remembered voice, in her very ear. She turned her head sharply and looked full at the servant, but he filled Mr. Mal lock's glass with a steady hand, and moved on to the nearest guest, leaving Dolly breathless, amazed. ' So exactly like, and the voice— could it be? Was she mad? Oh, how dreadfully sad it would be— but of course it was utterly impossible. She was a fool. Accidental likeness was not un common. Why, there were two men in Sydney now? not related in any way, who were so alike that people couldn't tell them apart. Oh, she was quite mad ! ' and she began to talk reck lessly to the astonished Mr. Mallock. Next time Jordan offered her a dish she looked furtively at his hand. It wasn't the great red paw of a footman, it was brown; it looked like a gentleman's hand. When he was the other side of the table she saw him eying Mr. Mallock, and presently when Mr. D'Alton called him 'Jordan' she nearly sprang off her chair! There was a cross-fire of conversation throughout dinner, talk about Deeming and a new play, and an engagement then interesting society ; a naval man told some funny stories, and a pompous wool merchant waxed eloquent on the precautions to be taken against burglars, telling how a friend of his was warned by the detectives that he had a London thief in his house disguised as a butler, at which she saw Jordan smile and look at her; but how the long dinner passed, Dolly to this day does not know, and the first opportunity she had of speaking to Mrs. D'Alton in the drawing-room she asked, as unconcernedly as she could, 'where she had got the new footman from.' 'He was groom of the chambers to Viscount Almond,' replied Mrs. D'Alton pompously. 'He is an excellent servant.' Miss Devlin was getting over her surprise and beginning to feel annoyed. If this was Lord Almond, and she could no longer repel the conviction — his was not a face to forget, and to her eye he was obviously not a real servant— it was a farce he was playing, and a farce in very bad taste. 'Not any, thank you,' she said, in very chill tones, when he offered her coffee. She did not mean to look at him, but found herself doing so, and the mocking serenity of his clear blue eyes as he respectfully met her gaze made her still more angry. ' Well, if he chose to masquerade as a foot man, she would forget that he had ever been any thing else.' Yet she winced at the peremptory manner in which Mrs. D'Alton bade him make up the fire. Emboldened by what he deemed the en couragement she had given him during the latter part of dinner, Mr. Mallock became rather effusive ; and Dolly was glad when her services at the piano were called into requisition. Late in the evening Mrs. D'Alton sent her with a message to Jordan. She had not far to go in search of him, for she met him in the corridor, her white neck and arms gleaming in the soft light of the hanging lamp under which they stood. She delivered her message, and was turning to go, when Jordan said, with an entire change of manner : ' May I venture to hope that you remember me, Miss Devlin?' ' If you are Lord Almond, of course I remember you,' she said coldly; 'although what you are doing here in this guise I am at a loss to understand.' ' One must live. Unfortunately,' shrugging his shoulders, ' under the rather singular circumstances in which we both found ourselves you elected to work : a most unnecessary decision — for you. could do no less. It is harder for me, because I do not possess your accomplishments. I happened to be in Sydney, out of employment : this offered —— ' ' It is shameful,' cried Dolly. ' Why ? I flatter myself I make a decent foot man, and that I become my livery,' pulling up the red waistcoat with an absurd gesture. 'Are you going to denounce me ?' 'What made you come here, of all places?' im periously. ' I must confess,' answered Jordan, his airy manner forsaking him, ' the knowledge that you were here was an inducement. Why should you not see the fruit of your rash resolve, which condemned both of us to a social exile ?' ' I should indeed be base if I were willing to profit by an injustice. You were the one person who could enable me to redress it,' said Miss Devlin, gravely ; ' and your refusal has been disastrous to both of us. Put the blame where it belongs, Lord Almond. I even brought myself to suggest a compromise. Perhaps you did not receive that letter?' ' I did,' said Jordan, shamed by the sudden sense that he had behaved discourteously to this fragile girl, whose dark eyes held so pathetic a reproach. 'But— but, Miss Devlin,' raising his head, 'that letter was couched in terms too humiliating. You asked a surrender of self-respect, and you asked it disdainfully. Put yourself in my place ? ' The tears were standing in Dolly's eyes, but at this request she pointed a white finger at the scarlet badge of servitude and shook her head, laughing hysterically. ' ' Miss Devlin — Dolly,' said Jordan, catching her hand, 'do you know I wanted ——? But no, I cannot tell you now — we shall have, another oppor tunity to talk, only — I am so glad to have found you again. Coming, sir,' to a voice demanding its hat and coat. CHAPTER III. The opportunity so confidently reckoned on by Jordan did not immediately present itself, and after a time he realised, with profound mortification, that Miss Devlin eluded him, and indeed displayed a resolute ingenuity in the tactics of avoidance. If he chanced to encounter her eye, it was cold and blank ; when he had occasion to address her, or render her some service, her manner was as supremely uncon scious as it was gentle. His interest in her person ally grew to be absorbing, and the more he thought about herself the less he remembered her connection with his father's will. He no longer sought an op portunity of speaking to her privately. He was a gentleman, and he could not thrust himself upon a woman who obviously desired to ignore him. But he was ingenious in making opportunities to wait on her, and assiduous in these self-imposed duties ; he anticipated her wishes, and seemed always at hand when she wanted help, if it was only to lift the great vases it was one of her duties to replenish with flowers. In order to avert remark, he was forced to be also very attentive to his mistress, who naturally began to treat him as the willing horse. He found out that Dolly loved to be surrounded with flowers. He made friends with the gardener, and so manipulated the enamoured James (the pantry-boy) and his sister, the red-haired housemaid, who had charge of Miss Devlin's little room, that it was as well supplied with choice blossoms as the drawing room. In numberless little ways the governess was made aware that she had in the household a friend, vigilant, but unobtrusive, to whom her com fort and pleasure were of paramount import ance. He watched her closely and saw, with con sternation, that she was looking more and more fragile. It seemed that her nerves were suffering from some tension ; an unexpected noise made her start : and when Mrs. D'Alton gave her willing horse the spur, which she always did in the most public and offensive manner, Miss Devlin flushed painfully. Mr. Mallock was a frequent visitor. One day Miss Devlin saw Jordan eying him hostilely, ' inso- lently,' she said to herself, at which she 'was par ticularly gracious to Mr. Mallock. When he went away, radiant, he tipped the footman half a sovereign. Resisting an impulse to ram it down his throat, Jordan watched for a chance of finding Miss Devlin alone for a moment in the library, put the com on a salver, and laid it before her, saying calmly, ' Tip presented to Jordan, the footman, by Mallock, the gentleman.' Next time Mr. Mallock called Miss Devlin excused herself from seeing him. Miss Mallock suggested that Miss Devlin should ride with them. They brought a horse for her. Mr. Mallock threw his rein to Jordan and prepared to mount his guest. But Jordan let the horse go, and, while its owner went in pursuit, himself very deftly swung her into the saddle. His hand was loth to release the little foot that rested in it, but he held her stirrup, and, as she rose for him to arrange her habit, their eyes met — his were irrepressibly sad, and Dolly turned white to the lips. Mr. Mallock, returning, called him a fool, but Jordan paid no heed. They rode slowly up the avenue, he watching them. Miss Devlin never rode out again with the Mallocks. The Red- leaf grounds ran down to tbe water. The tennis lawn was on the shore level: and com manding it, as well as a charming view of the harbour, was a little stone pavilion, where Jordan sometimes repaired in his leisure half-hours to smoke a cigarette. The pavilion could be reached by a long flight of steps from the house, which were hidden by bushes from the lawn. Mr. and Mrs. D'Alton, with their offspring (elevated to the eye, but spiritually depressed by their tall hats), had driven forth to spend the day with some friends up the river, and Jordan had been granted a holiday. James had begged of his chief the honour of waiting on Miss Devlin at lunch, and, out of consideration for her, the latter had consented, so that she believed him gone out for the day. In the afternoon he put on a plain suit, and went down to the pavilion; to smoke. Miss Devlin, quite unconscious of his pre sence, was practising tennis. For some time he watched the graceful and spirited movements of her liflie figure, and cursed the folly that kept him skulking here when his place was by her side. And he loved tennis. Presently a squall blew up a heavy shower, and Miss Devlin ran up to the pavilion for shelter. The interior was not very light, and she ran fairly in before she saw him, and then his un accustomed serge clothes caused her a moment's hesi tation. Forgetting his hat, 'I beg your pardon,' said Jordan, aud walked past her, bareheaded, into the pelting rain. ' Oh, don't,' cried Dolly, rather incoherently ; ' pray come back, Lord Almond — the rain ? ' Turning, he stood in the entrance, looking at her. His eyes were the eyes of a lover, but his face wore lines of pain. ' This must end,' he said, in a low, passionate voice. ' I stand here on the threshold — of my fate. Dolly, will you send me away for ever, or—do you bid me enter ? ' She did not speak, but put up a hand to her face, and he saw she was trembling. In a moment he had her in his arms, and she was trying to hide her face on his shoulder from his kisses. ' Oh, I have — been so— unhappy,' she sobbed. ' What I have suffered, from you and for you ! Such a cruel position, and how could I help pitying you?' with a great sob. ' Kiss me, my heart,' said Jordan, in a voice that was so tender it seemed to create a stillness in the noise of the rain. ' Jordan,' said a sweet voice presently, ' promise me one thing.' ' What my darling? ' ' That you'll let me, my own self, burn that hate ful— waistcoat !' That evening Jordan, prince of footmen, gave his master notice. ' Had he any reason ?' ' He was going to be married.' James, the pantry-boy, had a flaming head of hair and flamboyant temper to match. By right of inamoration he looked upon Miss Devlin as his pro perty, and, having lately, so he fancied, detected in Jordan signs of undue attentions to that lady, watched his every movement with a catlike jealousy. Dolly had given her lover a rendezvous before break fast in the library. James, who had the intuition of a born spy, saw them through the window, slipped in at the side door, and told Mrs. D' Alton, as she de scended the stairs, that she was wanted in the library. Flinging wide the door, the General was aware of her footman sitting in an armchair by the table, and her governess perched on the arm of it, with her arm round his neck. Had she entered a moment earlier she would have seen him receive a very sweet payment for that white carnation, with a diamond of dew on it, which Miss Devlin had just pulled through the knot of her tie. Dumbfounded for a moment, Mrs. D'Alton soon recovered her voice, and a very coarse voice it was. 'Oh, you shameless girl,' she screamed, purple with anger. ' What a disgrace to a gentleman's house ! Light conduct with a low-born footman, and even him making a fool of you, for he's leaving to be married,' spitefully. Dolly had slipped down on to her feet and was looking terrified. Here Jor dan rose leisurely from his chair, and, putting his hand on her arm, gave an amused laugh. ' You may laugh, my man,' said Mrs. D'Alton, furiously; ' but forgery's no laughing matter, and I've just found out that Lord Almond was not in Melbourne at the time your character was dated. Perhaps you wrote it yourself ! Stand away from her, I'll have no carryings on in my very presence,' stamping her foot. 'As for you, you hussy, you abandoned creature, out of my house you go this hour ; and,' piously, ' the Lord only knows what'll become of you.' 'I think that will do,' said Jordan, sternly. 'You will presently be sorry, Mrs. D'Alton, that your rancorous tongue should have made you so coarsely ridiculous. Miss Devlin,' offering his arm to Dolly, who pressed close to his side, ' is the lady to whom I have the honour to be engaged ; for a harmless whim I have played a part in your house (from which, believe me, I shall be heartily glad to remove Miss Devlin) ; and as you only know my Christian name, I will now ask her, before we leave your hospitable roof, to present me to you.' ' Lord Almond— Mrs. John D'Alton,' said Dolly in her musical voice, smiling mischievously in spite of her agitation. 