I 1Vc8lft>aii Oliurcti CiïU-lnratiousi. I.nyliiR tlic Foundation Stone of the I'nrwonntrc. Os Wednesday last thu foundation stone of th "Wesleyan Church Parsonage^ in Zitdoo Street, wu laid by Mrs. W. Northcott. Ineidrntul tu tho pro ceodiiifrs, a banquet wai held in the Protestant lia] at 1 p. m. Judging from the crowded tahlee, thi must huvi been u big iiimuciul success.- At 3 p. m thu Lismore Band paraded tho town, und thei marched up to the site of tho parsonage. - Hen about 300 people had assembled. ? Tho proceeding! were commenced by the Choir, accompanied by thi Bund singing hymn 520, " Except the Lord Courhio tho Pian." Dr. Seliors then engaged in prayer and Kev. 0. li. Williams read Psalm IO. Kw. B.Lane then produced a bottle, cont iiuinj collies of the Chronicle, October 4, and tho Borthen Star, October ¡5. Tt also contained a written state niout «tating that the foundation stone tvas .lui tl b> Mrs. W. Northcott nu Wednesday, October s, 1892 in the 5Gth year of tho reign of Hoi- .Majesty Quorn Victoria, His Excellency, tho Right Hon. Lori Jersey, K.G., K.CM.G. .being Govornor of thc Colony, Hov. Charles Stead, President of tho N. S Wales and Queensland Coufereuue, "the Rev. W. H, George, Seorctury of tho Coufei- enco, Rev. ft. Sailors D.D. genornl Secretary, of the Church Sustontatior and Extension Society, Kev. G. Brown,, D.D., F.R.G.S., general Socretary of Foreign Missions, his own name us Minister of the circuit, W. H. Gray, as Circuit Stoward. In addition there, wert the names of tho Trustees. They had »Iso recta-dec the name of tho architect, Mr. E, F. Burchett, awl thc coutructorn, Mosers. Moss Bros. Ho hoped once it was placed beneath tho stone it would re-uuin thou for tho next 50 years, then tho coming geiieriilioi would learn what these did years ago iu this-nfl important, work. Ile-had- very-greatpleasure on behalf of tho trustees of this parsonage building ir inviting Mrs. Northcott to thu position sho is now about, to ocqupy. ; When this important business was nuder consideration Mrs. Northoott. was pro posed for tho position of honour, and tho resolution was carried unanimously. On behalf of tho trustees ho had very great pleasure in carrying out theil wishes in malting tho presentation of a hund»omc trowel and mallet. Ever since coming to Lismore Mrs. Northcott hud laiton « very great interest in tho work of th cir church. Sho was also fur a num bor of vein's ' toucher in tho Sunday School, and, he behoved, for sumo timoSupeiiuteudout. It afforded him very great pleasure io present Mrs. Northcott with tho trowel and mallet. Tho former bore tho following inscription :-" Presontod to Mrs. North cott on tho occasion of her laying the foundation stone of tho Wesloyun Pu'rsonugo, Lismore, October 5, 1)192." ' Ho hoped shicrely that she would bo nblo to porfom. this groat, duty of laying this foundation stone to tho satisfaction of all parties. Tho stone was thon placed in position (at tho front door), Mrs. NOUTUOUTT going through tho usual ceremony. She thou annoiiucod tho stone well and truly laid in tho niimo of the Father and of tho Son'aiid of tho Holy Ghost. Mr. F. GULLY, of Casino, thuu, on bohalf of Mrs. I Northcott, thaukod .tho trustees for tho honor thoy had oouferrod on hor, She had always boen au I earnest worker, and did all she could to udvunco tho Methodist causo in Lismore. Mr. Limo hud said this building would last for 50 yours. For tho salto of tho contractors «nd nrohitoofc he hoped it would lust 100 yours or moro, und when nt somo future day this building shall givo wny tu a more noble odifico ho hoped thole would bo «oino¡of the dcsaoti duntu of tho. family of Mr.-t. Northcott.present on Unit occasion, and their,goud iiumo handed down to I posterity. He desired also to thunk the trustees for tho very .handsome trowel and iiutliot thoy had pre sented Mrs. Northcott with.' , - : Rev. Mr. LAMB announood tho stoiio was tito gift of tho contractors, Messrs. Moss Bros. Now it hud boon laid ho usked thom to lay something substan tial upon it Th'opur.wunge, he said, comploted with fending, &o.;, was to cost about £030. Tho con tractors price was £871. Towards this they hud somo £250, and he asked . thom to tuako up tho btilauco. .Thora was a very liboral rosponso; between £200 anti £300 boing received iu sash and promises iu a vory short «imtio of time. Rev.-Dr. SELLÓOS, general socretary of tho Church Sustentation and Extension Society, said ho was very glad to .bo with thom that duy. He regurdod tliat work us one of tho most important iu connec tion, with tho . Methodist ..Church- iii Lismore, autl throughout tho Lismore circuit, Ho ruforrod to tho 'centennial special offorfc made by tho church, lind re gretted thut when collecting ho was uuublu to visit tho Richmond- that year. . Ho HUggestod that their offorings should appear in thu balance Bheet of this fund, if so their mimos would be hnudod down lo posterity, ns it. wits ono of tho most important uilorts tho church hud made in Now South Wulos. Ho specially usked thom to lot their offorings bo worthy of them und tho district. The people hero huvo a grout' deal to be thankful for. Ho know tho country us well ns most mon, und did not go from filuco to piuco fluttering pooplt; by saying that their und was tho boot in tho colony, and tho richest, that tho} had the largest rainfall, und were bound to sucoood. He would only be flattering the people, and disappointing them, if lie spoke in stich a strain, but so fur ns ho could romombor, ho was not con scious that ho hud visited a district in tho north or wost, or tho south- west, or along ho tsouth coast, throughout this grout colony of Now South Wales, richer and with greater possibilities in if, than this.. For this they would have to pay. ' God did not give' thom this district without expecting somo return. Somo of tho..meuibeforo him, he knew on tho South' Const. They wero vory comfortably situated there, but loft their splendid lands and Bold their cuttlo to como boro, nud whon ho heard of it ho wondered. But ho understood it nil nowjio had cotna to tho distriut and soon'it.''''They wore wiso men mid shrewd; und 'these.men:wero bound;'to .give moro now thoy had como to such a district.. There wero, besides, glentor claims'upon them now in this'how district; 'He wanted friends to'rotnombér, that in, I building this pnrnonngo they were building ahorne I whoro not only thoir'present..minister and his wifo and family wero to resido,1 but whoro their futuro ministers wore to stay. To thosoof other denomi nations helping thom that day. ho tendered his thanks, and ho asked all to give uccordiug to thoir menus. - , Rev. C. C. WILLIAMS (Casino) also oxpresscd tho pleiiBuro. he-, felt ut. hoing present. ; Ho compared tho growth of tho Methodist Churoh, which now was evorywhoro, not' as tho result of flamo and sword, but as tho result of euraost mon nud women's work. They found lier in tho vineyards of Franco, in tho cold North, niid thoy found her missionaries stationed throughout tho South Sens, nud there wus no «nuil placo m tho world but whero Methodism was not at ,cork trying to do God's work, and lend mon and womon to a.suvinir knowlcdgo of j tho :Lord Jesus Christ. Thoy worn determined to progress und go everywhere. , Thoy,wanted: tho holli,of tho pooplo tb this oudj Ono reason why God hud blessed' them so well was':bPo¡iüso they wore a liboral Ohuroh. iiot a Churoh that lnookod dowd on tho ninsHos, hut sought to lift them' up,' and riitiko this a bettor world. He WUB glud thoy were trying to tako hold of this groat Uichmoud River district. It wuiwi groat district, und they were determined to go out in tho nutno of tho Lord «nd work it to tho host of thoir efforts.. Some parts of tins distriot had been moro nogloefcd in tho past than uny part of Now South Walo», but ho did not blame ¡tho Metho dists for all tliis. Othór denominations wero equally deserving, of blame. They were, however, detorr mined to'go out and aller this state of things by. ministering ,and tho building, of. ohurchos. Hq hoped their work herb would bo very successful. Tho benediction pronounced hy Dr. Sailors,, ter minated this'purt of the proceedings;' ? ?'' ?> ' 