A 1ST fi ^rF!A'D'C? TSTDTlTTiT ' ' I must confess a sentimental tender ness, really feminine, regarding the treat ment of dependent dumb animals,' Colonel Meredith said, with a sudden gravity in his jolly, voice. He was leaning luxuriously back in his chair, engrossed — like a certain historical personage once upon a time ! — in an effort to puff the rings of Hie cigar smoke over a particular jet of the low hung chan delier. ' I have sometimes found this * senti mental tenderness so really feminine ' to be conspicuous for its non-existence. I have known women who were more' un feeling toward dumb beasts than ever the mos.t cruel man could be,' sniffed the cynical Carrisford, who -was a confirmed bachelor, and, professedly, a woman hater. *' My dear fellow, we're not discussing that point,' said the Colonel. ' 1 men tioned my own feelings on the subject Inadvertently. I was thinking of an in cident which somewhat increased my 2©spect for our four- footed friends — that!s **.Oh, so there's a story, is there, Colonel?' exclaimed Jim Hawly, .lighting a freBh freed, and settling himself as an auditor. We — Colonel Meredith, a popular thea trical manager.; Carrisfordj a more or less successful playwright ; Jim Hawly, a fa vorite young comedian ; and myself, Dick Searle — -had supped together in Carrisford's sumptuous bachelor apartment. The latter possessed a handsome fortune, and was not compelled to depend upon his literary productions for his living. The above fragment of conversation oc curred while We were chatting over our host's excellent cigars and coffee. . The Colonel had. a very happy faculty of narration. And, as upon several previous occasions he had entertained us with his charming Btoriea, we were eager enough now for the incident to which he, had alluded. The Colonel needed little urging. After hanging the third ring of smoke with wonderful accuracy over the point of his aspirations, he began. The strange story which he then related to us, I will repeat as nearly as possible in his own words, * * * * « I had a fine company on the' road at the time, and the play which gained us the best houses through the provincas was a \ eerio comic piece with a number of blood curdling situations. The horse which the play required in certain scenes, and which, we had taken with us, suddenly died, and I have for gotten just why, but I know we hadj-a great deal of difficulty in getting another animal which would be even in the least suitable. finally, after no end of vexation .and delay, a substitute was procured by our leading man, who himself zode the horse on the stage. I think I never saw a more ugly looking quadruped. In color it was some grimy nondescript between a cream and a roan. Naturally rather undersized, it had been starved until it was scarcely more than a skeleton, and in spots the bare, scarred flesh showed the welts from an unsparing whip. With its gaunt head, its prominent joints and dejected aspect, it looked more like the caricature of a horse than like a living animal. ' By the great Bucephalus t Where in the name of Koainante did you get that walking spectre, Launce ??' I exclaimed. The young actor's name was Launce Richmond. He ~was a handsome fellow, with a sinewy and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny hair, and blue eyes, and a skin as delicately- pink and white as a woman's ? and, besides Ms physical attrac tions, he was as fine a fellow as ever walked —on the stage or offit F My amusement seemed to mortify him ; but he was not the sort of young man to yield a point because of a moment's em barrassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at him. ' All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming, and a little kindness,' my young friend answered me. ?? He's sound as a dollar; the shape of his head indicates intelligence, and those quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether.' ** Well, i£ you can train him for the required purpose I shan't grumble; 'but I don't imagine you will ever make a beauty of your prize scarecrow.' Launce had correctly judged his new possession. In a month no one would have recog nised the beast. .His glossy coat in color was a lovely dappled cream, faintly patched with ma hogany bay. His limbs were smooth and supple. - - : .His intelligence Was wonderful -j he was perfectly docile, arid as playful as a kitten. With the gentleness and teachable quali ties he manifested toward, his new master an affection almost human. 1 About the time the JMiiTnfti -was fully trained and everything was running smoothly rone of our ladies secretly ' folded up her tent and stole away,' leaving us -without notice or explanation. She was one of the principal characters in; the piece, the rival of the heroine in the play j we had no one capable 'of acting her part, and we were in a bad predicament, as may be supposed. . . We had not discovered her abseitc&tmtil; we ;had assembled at the theatre for the evening performance. And then some body brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and aU. WhUe I we« stormiaa: over the ill-luck, and anatiiematising the runaway aetreBS for her want of ordinary consideration, a tall woman, closely veiled, was ushered upon the stage where .1 was raging up arid down like a madman. ** Well, madame P' I-«aid. shortly. Before she spoke the ztew comer darted ajquick,, furtive glance in 'every direction,, and theit removed her -veil. The features disclosed were large and a trifle coarse,: but. not altogether nnpre possessing. Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair, which -was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. ._...,..-', s .?; There was something singular about her voice.- I noticed it at once, although I was too disturbed to ponder over the matter, and it failed to arouse my suspicions as it probably would, have done at another time. She stated her errand in a few words. She was an actress, she assured me, and a member of a company -which had dis banded in a neighboring town. She had been informed of my difficulty, and- she had come to offer herself for the part. As she had played in the. same drama before, she was perfectly familiar with the lines. To prove the latter assertion, she struck an attitude and quoted from a thrilling dialogue in the third act. A crowd was already collecting outside the theatre waiting for the doors to open, and it can be imagined with what relief I accepted the services of the strange actress. ' ? I had stepped back of the stage with her, and had called somebody to conduct her to her predecessor's dressing-room, when I heard a gasp and the sound of a falling body. At the same instant' I caught a smile upon the strange woman's face which almost made me* j ump. It, was the most startling expression of diabolical cunning and fiendish triumph I ever saw in niy life. As she disappeared in the direction of the dressing- room, I returned to the stage, anxious to learn the meaning of the sound I heard. Brenda Evelyn, my star, a most beautiful and adorable girl, was lying all in a heap just outside the wings. I was on the point of going over to her when Launce Richmond suddenly sprung from the wings and lifted her in hi« arms. 'My darling, what is it? What has happened to you?' he cried in great distress. She was recovering from' her faint, but she was trembling violently. At his tender questions she began to cry piteously. The two had long been lovers. For some unknown reason, Brenda had continually hesitated about settling the wedding day ; but she had done so at last, and now they were to be married in a few months. ' Oh, Launce, I'm afraid ! Oh, Launce, we never ought to have loved each other. If anything harms you now I shall die 1' i she sobbed distractedly. ' What has frightened you, sweet? You were happy as a bird-only a moment ago,' he asked her. She did not reply. She only clung to him, shuddering, murmuring incoherently, and weeping more piteously than before. ' It wasn't that woman -who was here with Meredith just now who has made you like this?' Launce queried suddenly. The girl put her hands before her eyes, as if to shut out some awful sight. M That was no -woman I It was a ghost! and it means death to you or me to-night,' she said, in a fearful whisper. The appearance of a couple of scene shifters interrupted the unsatisfactory con ference. And, still soothing her, Launce led her away. The incident had perplexed me greatly, and I was seriously uneasy. I was im pressed, vaguely and. yet powerfully, with a sense of tragedy in the air. I could not get- the fiendish smile of that strange woman out of my thoughts for an instant. What did it signify? What had she ever been to Brenda Evelyn, that the lovely young actress should fear her so intensely ? These questions fairly haunted me. But the play of the evening progressed quietly enough. I noticed, however, that Brenda Evelyn did not regain her natural' repose of manner, and that she was straining every nerve to maintain even a semblance of com posure. ? I noticed too, that Launce never ceased watching her with a perplexity and dis tress which he did not attempt to conceal. Meanwhile the new actress rendered her part with admirable ability and effect. Indeed, she invested the character, which was that of an unloved and erring wife, with a passion which was almost fiercely realistic. ;- . And occasionally I detected her Bteely blue eyes fixed upon the lovers, with that same expression of sneering triumph and devilish glee. But everything passed pleasantly until nearly the end of the play. In that act the lover discovers hiseweet heart bound to a rock, with the rising tide sweeping over her. As he gallops to her assistance he is confronted by the wife he believes dead. The wife risks her life to prevent the rescue of the drowning girl, and perishes by being borne over the near cataract. It was a scene which always held the house in a thrilled' and breathless hush. Now, as Launce, mounted on Sultan — as he called his new horse — was about to plunge into the mimic -wave, a startled mnxxnnr run. from lip to lip. The substitute actress had darted into view, leaping upon a projecting rock to prevent the rescue, bb the play demanded at that juncture. It is doubtful if any person in the .house saw what I sa-Wv If they did, they very likely thought the peculiar movement was part of the play. It was Sultan's extraordinary behavior ^which had startled the audience. As I looked, I saw in one uplifted, hand a long, thin 'blade, aimed straight for Lannce'e heart, the handle concealed in the woman's sleeve. Shouting a warning,1 I started toward him ; and it was then the shocked cry arose from the 'house. ' \ -Sultan backed violently, throwing the, actress from the rock, and fastening his teeth in her thick reddish brown hair. The next instant he held in Ibis jaws a wig, the removal of which uncovered the TmTn-iafavtrfyKlfl Tipfyfj -tf fy T«n.Ti 1 '?'? ' -? ?'- , With a snort of anger he dropped the; artistic head gear, -seizing the disguised, performer .by the -clothing between: the1 shoulders, shaking thte man as » 'teenier : shakes a rat,^while the concealed knife fell ringing to the floor- ' , Launce had no control whatever over the hitherto obedient animaL As he sprang from the saddle, ISultan* shrewdly edged away beyond his reach. Then in a flash, the horse whirled and walked deliberately over to Brenda Evelyn, -who stood as if turned to stone. With a snort of satisfaction and a final energetic shake, he dropped his half sense less victim at the girl'sfeet. Then he turned and trotted across the stage to his master, .whinnying softly, and thrusting his nose into Launce' s hands, as if begging for his reward. It was all over in a second, before any person could interfere. The sympathies of the house -were all with the performer, who* had been so fiercely attacked by the horse. Not one of the spectators beyond the foot lights guessed that the intelligent creature had averted an . awful tragedy and saved Launce Richmond's life. But the people on the stage knew it, and when the curtain was necessarily rung down for a f ew* minutes, there -was a scene behind the canvas in which the public had no share. / . The disguised villain was pretty badly hurt, but his injuries - were not severe enough to weaken his murderous jealousy of Brenda Evelyn's lover. - *? I'm sorry I didn't kill youj .I'd have done it only for that cursed bra.te, and I'll do it yet if ever I get over this V he snarled, as Launce approached him.. . T . : He was a suitor whom Brenda had rejected long before. He had threatened her until she lived in mortal terror of him. It was her fear of Hm that had caused her to delay her .marriage' with Launce so long. . ?, ? She had recognised Tnm through his disguise before the performance when he first presented himself to me. It was her deadly terror of him which had caused her swoon and her agitation afterwards. She had kept her eyes upon him with such untiring vigilance that he had no opportunity to attempt his mad deed nntil the close of the play. Her admiration for Sultan was un bounded. ' You are a prize, you dear old Sultan ; and we will keep you as long as you live,' she exclaimed, with her arms -around the neck of the equine hero. She and Launce were married not long after that. The mad wretch who had attempted Launce' s life did not survive until that blissful event. ' He was drowned shortly after his release from the hospital, whither he was sent to recover from the effects of Sultan's vigor ous shaking. Sultan remained the pet of the company until his mistress left the stage for a happy home life in a delightful little house of her own. ? ? I Bee him occasionally trotting sedately before a pony cart, -which is just large enough to hold a couple of youngsters' with Brenda's lovely black eyes and Launce's tawny curls. ' I can trust my treasures with Sultan,' the father says. ? ' He has been tried and not found wanting. He is a prize, if he did look rather disreputable at the begin ning of our acquaintance.' * # * * *' Colonel Meredith lighted a fresh cigar and hung a big blue ring of vapor with beautiful precision over a jet of the low chandelier. ' Do you wonder, boys, that I have a tender feeling for dependent dumb .ani mals ?' he asked, quietly. TO APPEAE IN THE . 'EVEHDJG' NEWS' ?'ON SATURDAY NEXT. 