Shakespeare's lot: was cast in a happy period for the fiull development of his marvellous genius.- Had he lived thirty years before lie must have been affected by the false euphemistic lan guage and manners of the time, and which he so finely ridicules in " Love's Labour Lost" and others of his plays. Had he been born during the period when Charles I intringed upon consti tutional practice, he would have probably been drawn into that political strife and struggle which separated friends and sundered families into hostile fragments. The perird of Elizabeth, however, as has been frequently remarked, was fruit ful soil wherein the genuis of the poet could find root and flourish. What, then, particularlystruck men, and Shakespeare recognised it in its fullest significance, was the breaking away from the old tra dition that deep learning could only be acquired by quiet seclusion and retire ment in the nooks -of monastic cells. Action and culture began to be com bined. A kind of muscular Christianity sprang up. Men of the Sir Philip Sidney and the Raleigh stamp were living exemplifications of the fact that learning, and bustle and connection with the outside world were quite compatible. The 'ageaf Shakespeare was one of great activity, a time when men of enterprise were required ; when matters of great pitch and moment were in full swing. Prospero represents the lingering glimpses of magic superstitious arts in sinuating themselves into the iind of a man of culture Lad relinement. Lapsing into studious habits, the deposed duke forgot that action was necessary to pre serve himself from harm. Much the same will apply to Hamiet, but the theme is placed on a more sublime level. Here was a prince of about thirty years ,f. age, a time' when the idealities of youth melt into the practical realities of manhood, or, as John Morley puts it in his brilliant essay on Burke, " The age when character usually cither'fritters itself away or grows strong on the in ward sustenance .of solid and resolute aspirations." Hamlet, a prince, heir apparent to a throne, had spent his life in the studious calm of Wittenberg Uni versity, had apparently dived deep into the mystery surrounding the destiny of mar, had, with tle wholesome egotism of a young man, imbued hlimself with tile idea that lie would set reforms at ivork to clear away the clouds of abuse and allow all tile sunshine of life to have free play. His life at the University was diversified by his fondness for the theatre,:where his criticisms must have been apt and wise, judging by his mem orable advice to the players. At thirty years of age he arrived home. His father had died suddenly. His mother had married his uncle. Hamlet had been judging the world from his own standard point, had been thinking noble thoughts, had been gathering to gether high minded principles, and to use the words of John Morley before quoted, '' was growing strong on the in ward, sustenance .of solid and resolute aspirations." Such a man as Hamlet always takes too high an estimate of things.. Such a man considers that everyone is thinking as he is thinking and would act as he would act. For his mother to marry the brother of his father "but two months dead" denoted to Hamlet's vivid mind, not that he had mis-conceived, misjudged the world, but rather that this was only a tempor ary relapse of the world from the paths of moral virtue. Hence his excla mation : "The time is out of joint, 0, cursed spite. That ever t was born to set it right." is quite reasonable and to be expected from one of his temperament. This is considered by Goethe to be the keynote of the play. Hamlet recognises his duly but doubts his ability to 'perform it. Here then was Shakespeare's pur pose: Hamlet studious, cultured, refined, must enter into action. Is his soul fit for the performance of it. Goethe says. not. Hamlet has not the nerve, the nerve which makes a hero. For him an impossible task is laid down. Mommsen considers Caesar became great because he distinguished between what was possible and what impossible. With Hamlet there was no choice. How ever he may curse the time he feels compelled to set it right. He-must en deavour to accomplish his purpose, even though he fail, and he seems to have some inmate feeling that success will not be accorded him. He becomes sure of the guilt of the reigning king. He becomes excited and exhibits his excita bility and cunfusion to a remarkable degree. This must rouse the fires of suspicion, slumbering in the mine of Clodius into flame. How can this be averted? By the assumption of mad ness. He tells his friends after the ap pearance of the ghost in AcT I so. v that: " How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself AsS perchance hereafter shall think meet ' To put an antic dlisposition on. That you, at such times seeing me never shall, WVith arms enrcumber'd thus or this head shake, Or by pIronouncing of somne dosubtful phrase." Hamlet's knowledge of acting stands him now in good stead. He acts the part of a madman to perfection. There is indeed a method in his mad ness. Hamlet's treatment of Ophelia has been condemned as harsh and ill manered. But really this is part of the character he is playing; and is one of the most effective strokes, since it may divert suspicion from the cause of Hamlet's melancholy, ard assign it to his love for Ophelia. Prattling Polonius, harping on his daughter, was easily tie ceived by it. VWhy not others ? Witness again how well he managed the conver sation with the spies, Rosenerantz and Guildenstern. How he trifles, ann yet inflicts many a deep wound on this pair. He can banter Polonuis, and be in play ful humour with the " water-fly," eosrie. He exhibits another humour in the grave yard scene and moralises on the vanities and thIe shortness of life with feeling and truth. It is with difficulty that hIe con trols his bitterness againsth is mother, in compliance with the behests of the ghost. But even this restraint breaks down in AcT irc, where -he and his mother meet face to face. His fierce, just indignation denotts so much sense and reason as to almost make the Queen believe him sane. Hamlet marks the effect, which would destroy his pur pose. He must disguise himself in mad ness, and the ghost once more walks its melancholy way. This play of sunshine clearly represents Hamlet to be a man of much insight and knowledge of the human mind-a man of great elo quence and intelligence. He was op posed to the conventionalities of his time, for notice his partiality to the players, and his love for Ophelia, who was in a much lower rank than hIini self. But yet Hamlet lacked that which makes a hero. Whether we follow Gervinus and say that there was an inner conflict perplexing him; the strife of a higher law with the natural law of vengeance, we may agree with the same commentator in the remark that in Hamlet the poet has expressly under taken the splendid task of depicting the immense gap between the- sense of duty and its. fulfilment. His vacillating irre solution may not have resulted from weakness, but. from conscientiouspess and virtue, and conscince made him a coward, as he averred it makes of us all. At any rate, his native lineof resolution was, as he described it, sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought, and lost the name of action. Schlenel, the German critic, has said that Hamlet's far-fetched scruples are often mere pretexts to cover his want of resolution. On one thing all commun tators are agreed, and that is upon his want of resolution. He had a purpose in the world, but was scrupulous to adopt means to accomplish it. Men of high principles are often to be pitied. Assailed as timid, they are really only timid in allowing the noble thoughts of their youth and manhood to be en croached upon by what they term base and unworthy methods, but what men, not so nice, would deem to be at once necessary and practical. I Let me close by quoting from Coleridge, what to my mind sums up the character of " Hamlet" in words of much wisdom : " Shakespeare wished to impress upon us the truth that action is the chiel end of existence, that no faculties of intellect however brilliant can be considered valuable or, indeed, otherwise than as misfortunes if they withdraw us from or render us repugnant to action and lead us to think, and thinking of doing until the time has elapsed when we can do anything effectually. Hamlet was continually resolving, yet did nothing but resolve." 