?FETTERS OF FIRE: ? a NOVEL OF STIRRING INCIDENT. H ? '? «? ? — ? — - ? ? ??''? ? ? ? ? '??? ????--? ? BY COMPTON REAPE, ? ^Hi JUGHTS BBSEBVED.) I CONTENTS, ?CHAPTER W* IX L'HOMME PBOPOSE. i X. OIL AND WATEE. i XL NEMESIS. I XII- ' MOOD AND TENSE.' I XIII. LOTHARIO. I XIY- AT LAST. . I XV CHARLEY'S DOG. I XVI MATRIMONIAL INCIDENTS. I v VII. THE DOWN GRADE. 1 vrill ENTER A SCRIBE. ? 1 XIx THE CLOUDS BEGUN TO COLLECT. I XX THE ICE BREAKS. 1 XXI CHARLEY'S HOME. I XXII THE CRISIS. 1 X'XIII. THE ROBINSONS. ' I XXIV. A MISSIVE OP MERCY. ? XXV. VARIOUS COMFORTERS. I XXVL PLAY AND EARNEST. i XXVH. FEEROSHAM. IyxVUI. CONSCIENCE. 1 XXIX. VOICE AND ITS MEANING. 1 XXX. A STORMY INTERVIEW. I XXXI. LOVE LIES BLEEDING. i XXXII. RECJNION. I XXXIII- THE WIND UP. I CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) I *' I was afraid of this,' she gasped. ' I 1 was afraid that this accideat would force I from you words I had rather ;keen left un said, You have been, most kind. I will I requite your kindness with sincerity. It ! was not the heat, Mr. Orucival, that laid me oa the turf there. It was the sight lot him I loved, and who loved me, bar i tered away for a fortune. You spoise laBt I time we met of the sensibility of people I of ancient blood. You perceive now how I fatally I am influenced by feeling, and if I you are as wise as you are good, will un I derstand how impossible it is for me to I answer you to-day — as you wish.' I ' Yes,' pleaded he, ' but surely, how ? ever bitter the trial may be, the old love I you speak of is necessarily dead.' I ' Would that it were,' she murmured. I 'But there is a dividing line between I you two people.' I ' Yes, yes ; between two lives: — not be I tween two souls.' I ' You love him still ?' I 'As the lamb loves the tiger, as the. I rabbit the snake.' I 'And yet ? P' I 'And yet, Mr. Crucival, I am under a I spelL Time may cure me. To-day I am I unfit to judge for myself, still less for you.' ' When may I speak to you again ?' 'Don't ever !' she cried, with ixnpas eioned energy. ' For your own sake, not I for mine. Cannot you see that when you I come to me thus, I am tempted? Cannot ' ?B you see that you are asking me to give H| what I do not possess, for it is gone from BB me ? Mr. Crucival, may I be your nearest Hit friend instead of an indifferent wife ?' , H§ But he gloomed over at once. His hopes ?| -were dashed cruelly. ? ?K ' Let us remain as such for the present,' Hi le said, with the ~a.h of a man who will ?b not readily accept defeat. 'You may H perhaps conquer this illusion.' H ' Perhaps it is already conquered,' she H responded. 'But enough. Be it so. You B will meet me as a friend and nothing H more.' . ; B *' N o,' said he, mournfully, ' I will go B away, and wait — and hope.' B .?' Mr. Crucival 1' B 'Yes.' B 'I cannot eay what I ought to say. B Leave me, I am quite able to walk home, B and shall do so — alone.' B He drew back a pace, his lips quivering. B The man of dcute sensibility stood dumb, B not merely humbled, but inexpressibly B pained. At length, with the abruptness of B despair he raised 'hia hat, turned on his B heel, and left her. He was answered, and B she also. With an effort her footsteps bore B her home', yet it seemed as though she B walked in dreamland. B CHAPTER X. — On. ani- Wateb. B The table d'hote of the Grand Hotel de B Lyons had just composed itself to bisque B and Burgundy, when an Englishman en B tered hurriedly, glanced right and left, and B demanded of the attendant Mercury where B his seat might be, adding that he had wired B f°? a place to be reserved. B Mercury grimaced a little as in. surprise, B cudgelled his memory, and found it want B iug. ' Over there,' he whispered, ' Mon B sie.ur will find an excellent seat. There/' B pointing to the further end of the table, B ' by the young lady vid the young gentle H mans. Monsieur paixceif ? So.' B Monsieur glanced rapidly, and a pair of B legs as quickly followed Ms eye. In an B other half second he landed his body in the B vacant chair, and, turning his head to Ms B sext-door neighbor, ejaculated, 'Why, 'B Charley Fitzhugh — to think of cannoning B & gainst you I' B Charley flashed,' shook hands, and mut B tered with the slight awkwardness of one B taken aback, ' I must introduce my wife, fl Mr. Crucival.' fl ' Delighted,' said the squire, offering his B iand and adding, ' I was so sorry we B missed you the day you came, over to the fl court in the summer.' Mrs. Kate responded curtly, ' Oh, to be sure, we did drive over to your place, and a aasty, hot, dusty .day we had.' The squire glanced at her inquiringly. The young, woman was evidently not merely vulgar, her accent being that of Cockaigne, but brusque also. ' And how are you, Charley?' he asked. ' Oh,' interposed his wife sarcastically, ' don't ask him ? He's as well as can be ^spected under the circumstances.' Charley flushed a little. ' Mrs. Fitz hugh,' he muttered, -'is pleased to be sar castic. The fact is* I have done what everybody does, I suppose, once in this Hfe — backed the wrong color.?' ' Apropos ?; ' ' He's gambled aw*& g, thousand.pounds at Monte Carlo,' hissed. Kate, «*andit was my money.' The squire felt awkward. Evidently the happy pair had a big bone to pick, and a third party could scarcely feel gratified at being asked to witness this unedifying process, more particularly in public, albeit, mercifully, the people round ware, mostly French and itali«i» - .;. - - ?-??'-? ' So you've lost aU^at^ lie ^cemirke^ in his pleasantest tone to Charley, who showed every outward and visible sign of inward displeasure. ? ' Well, yes,' growled the. young man^ ** I doubled, don't you see, and- '7 ?? Have, learnt a valuable lesson,' , inter rupted John Crucival, in a tone of half chaffy, half serious. 'Not he!' sneered Mrs, Kate, 'he wanted me to humbug my father, and-- raise more money to fling to those harpies at the tables.' ^ The squire looked at ner with, an ex pression^ of surprise. Very plain features were not improved by a viperiah expres sion, nor was it pleasant to contemplate the spectacle of a young wife thus accus ing her husband to a total stranger. *' I suppose the rapture of a honeymoon,' he replied, ' brought on a very aggravated attack of black or scarlet fever. Which was it, Charley?' \ ** Oh,' snapped Kate, flushing to the roots of her brown hair, ' it's no laughing matter. A thousand pounds would have ? -' tc Bother !' ejaculated Charley, who could hardly keep his seat for rage, ' there's plenty more where that came from.' ' Yes,' she retorted with a cynical laugh, ' but it is my father's, and will be mine.' ' Quite so,' muttered her husband, de fiantly, ' and if it hadn't been tied tightly on you 1 think 1 may say, with truth, you would not have made a captive of me.' ' He calls himself a captive 1' almost sobbed Kate, turning a pair of indignant eyes or. the squire. ? ? * ' A willing one,* I am sure,' added that judicious gentleman, in the hope of pour ing oil upon the troubled waters. ' I sup pose you are going homewards ?' 'Why, yes,' murmured Kate. 'We've spent our money, don't you know !' What a picture of marriage a la mode I Charley Fitzhugh worried, and in a dogged mood, quite dissonant to Ms. old bright temperament ; his wife on the other hand surcharged with spite. \ ? ' That is very unfortunate,' was John Crucival's quiet reply. ' Very,' echoed Kate. ' But if young Benedicts will gamble and pick up strange acquaintances in strange places, why — ' ' Upon my honor, that is too bad,' cried Charley, laying down Ms knife and fork, and assuming the air of a man brought to bay. ' I was fool enough to play — that I admit, though I should be fool over again, if I had the chance. But as regards this further indictment, I deny it. I certainly did sit near some French ladies, and — ' ,' Ladies I' interjected Kate with scorn. ' Their manners were at least equal to yours.' ' And their morals?' inquired she, bitterly. 'Most proper for all you or I know. These people, squire, bowed to me — that was all, whereupon my dear little wife in vented a terrible drama of depravity, with me for the villain. Is that fair ?' xxx ten you oouii, respoauea jonn Crucival, thoroughly tired out, ' what is grossly unfair, and that is to make me arbiter of your differences. I decline any such office. All I can say is that if you are wise people you will kiss and be friends again.' Kate pouted a dissentient moue. Charley shrugged Ms shoulders. 'That,' added the squire, 'is your affair, not mine.' This exceeding barmeeidal feast was for tunately now drawing to a close, and John Crucival looked intensely relieved. He had never passed a more awkward half -hour, or dined luxuriously in such unpleasant company. With the cigarettes Kate rose. She dis liked tobacco about as much as most people abhor wrangling, so her retreat ended the light. ' That's what comes of marrying money,' muttered Charley, contemptuously, as he watched the retiring figure of his gor geously apparelled spouse. '** But,' pleaded John Crucival, 'you are in the wrong here, my friend.' ' Well,' retorted Charley, «« and suppose a am r uo you imagine, xnat a woman who had no coin to back her would carry on in such a fashion. ?' ' Why not — if she wa.s jealous and angry? Besides, I thought your wife, Charley, was gone on you.' ' So she was — so she is. That's the worst of it. She would have taken the ugly drop of four figures like a lamb but for those French girls. And yet, I give you my word, there was no harm. A little chaff — rthat was the best and the worst.' ** Then, Charley, make it -up. You've married the lady,* and— f- '-!?? - '' ' Have to take the consequences. Your advice would be all -very wise, but I can't tolerate this incessant jealousy. We hadn't been married a week before it broke out.' 'What, so soon I' ' Well, it was this way. You may re member a prettyish sort of girl called Brocket.' The squire nodded gravely. 'There was a little sort of flirtation,'' continued Charley, ' some years ago be tween us. I was a boy; she was a girl, and it ended, naturally, in ' Best for you and best for me.' I was sorry, but the affair looked so utterly impossible, I thought it advisable to suppress my feel ings, and ? ' ' ? ? . ' To ignore, hers,' suggested the squire. ' Quite SO' There was no middle course. Well, after our marriage, Kate and I ran down to Dilford and pat up at my uncle's. Our visit lasted but 48 hours, in which brief space we contrived to call at Crucival and see all my old friends. Someone — I wish I ..knew who the fiend was— -told Kate- too much. Worse still, we passed that poor little thing, Lil, on our way tb the court, and my siUy old aunt, in a vein of mauvaise plaisanterie, alluded to her as my old flame.- Kate had already remarked her good lookB, so up went her temper like a rocket. In vain I protested. She snarled like a fury. At last I had to ask my uncl©i the rector, to assure her that {had given him a Fledge, years ago to stop that game of folly, and had religiously kept it.' 'And that pacified my 3#dy|' ' A little. But of course it's exceedingly unpleasant imJbe^Sxsk^^^im TaJe|3Lb*us wpjhaan, with an uhcont^ollable t^;^er. It isn'it as though I was niadly in lov« with -htfr. ; She is not, to be frank, the sort of womta any man toul& i&teh; up a soati* meiit about. ]tii'Brdcke'*»^ She— » ' :.' ''.' ' '. ??';';;'. v'.is-J^.1; ' Leave her alone/' said the squire in a tone bordering on sternness, Charley stared a little. ' Why,', he asked, ' do you think X did the wrong thing by that girl P' ' I'd rather not discuss that problem,' je p lied John pruciyaL-*' Her father is a friend of mine. Peraapa , M need say no more. But, apropos of your own affaire, if I can be of any use to you, my young friend, command me.' ' I dou't know how.' ' Well, if you are really returning home prematurely because of bad luck at the tables, I can coma to the rescue, on one condition, however, that you steer clear of Monte Carlo.' *? You are very kind, squire,' cried Charley. 'To tell the truth, that thou. was to have lasted another three months, but — — ' John Crucival smiled. ' Don't say any more, my boy,' he cried, ' but get your wife to give me a cup of tea tete a tete, and perhaps I may be able to square the circle.' A gentleman of a more sensitive mental cuticle might have accepted this quixotic proposition with some show of reserye. Not so Charley Fitzhugh; He loafed off to billiards, leaving hie young wife to an evening o£ solitude a deux with his friendly censor, the squire. It was late when he returned to find his wife alone, and apparently in an ab normal condition of euphuism. ' What a very- nice gentleman Mr. Cru cival is,' she exclaimed ; ' and how fond he is of you, dear?' 'Is he?' yawned Charley. ' I didn't know it.' ' He must be,' she replied, ' for he was till this evening a stranger to me, and I'm sure I did not go out of my way to culti vate him; and yet, would you believe it, he has given us a wedding present ?' ' As how ?' yawned Charley., 'Guess.' 'Fifty?' ? ' More than fifty — more than a hundred. More than two, three, four hundred pounds.' ' Never a thou. F» ' No. Not that, but five hundred ; and all in nice circular notes, to save us trouble, as he said.' ' He's the very noblest-hearted fellow I e'ver came across,' cried Charley, ' and I'll go and thank ium myself.' 'That,' said she is impossible. By now he must be half-way to Marseilles. But I must give you his message.' Her husband yawned. ' He said it was to be a peace offering.' ' Did he ? Well, I don't want to quarrel, Kate.' ' Nor I, Charley,' whimpered she. And so over. John Crucival's largesse they did kiss, but were they friends? We shall see. CHAPTER XL— Nemesis. The squire, after leaving Lilias, had at once given orders that his luggage was to follow him, and left for London. The blow Mt him hard — not as it would have wounded another, in -the direction of amour propre, but rather because his fairy illusion nad been dissipated., and ne xeit li&e; one who, having been a firm believer, has sud denly been changed to scepticism. The ideal idol an imaginative brain had moulded with such inconsequent art was shattered. WMle his people were packing a bag in haste and the carriage was being put to, he began a letter to Lady Manaton — 'Dearest Auntie, — I think I shall abandon Crucival altogether to your dis position if you will consent to live there and look after things. The place, certes, will know me no more. I have just passed through the bitterest experience a tortured breast can writhe under in being: repulsed by one ? ' At this point the carriage was announced, so he hastily crammed the unfinished epistle iuto Ms desk, and rushed forth from his ancient home, almost broken hearted. He did not guess that Mr. Robinson happened to have a master-key to open every lock in his sanctum, or he would never have left that confession in black and white beMnd him. As it was, his abrupt exodus having been reported to that limb of the law, ere ever he reached the metropolis a careful investigation had taken place of his small corre spondence, Ms diary— containing more than one loving allusion to Lil, and the counterfoil of his cheque book, to gether witk this telltale avowal. Needless to relate fhat Mr. Robinson now fancied he had an absolutely free hand, nay more, that to delate Captain Allister to condign punishment could but gratify the spretce injuria formoe of a rejected suitor, so lie laid his plans accordingly ? and with all promptitude. True, there .were certain de tails to be arranged before applying for a summons, and being a little apprehensive lest his bird should escape, he wired for a detective from Scotland Yard, whereby the culprit was placed, under surveillance. As for that wretched individual, when the tidings came of John Orucival' s flight, his nervousness increased.' He did not for a moment surmise that Lilias had dismissed her admirer, neither did the young lady deem it necessary to inform him on the subject. On the con trary, he attributed the squire's departure to information concerning himself, con* veyed possibly per Robinson, possibly per the baron, Quilt will ever raise ghosts to torment itself , and the Mdeous presenti ment of approaching evil haunted him. to such an extent that he actually contem plated the desperate expedient of making a dash for some such impossible region as Sierra Lebhe, with a few pounds fit his disposal, and with that intent kissed Lilias, and strolled towards the railway station. He had not, however, advanced three dozen, yards beyond Ms own gate when he espied, a stranger. Somehow it occurred to him that he had noticed that identical man, idling on that identical spot the previous evening, but he passed him leisurely and with apparent jinooncern. A tew minutes afterwards he chanced to look back, and now th^idie fellow -had suddenly ceased h|s idling, and -was foliowhig in his wake. It might mean nothing, so hemarched into the bar ot the Bishop Blaise Inn, drank a gia»» of beer, ohatted with the landlady, wai^mej^^ and again .wh^^'tjjB;\^rned4;:ti3wa¥ds\%ie ? station, footsteps echoed ^eMnd,;'him. -; He shivered involuntarily. What did this mean? -: ' - - .';,.. r ?? / ',..-; ..,: -: ;. Bewildered, Ms; heart heating, yet with : the' I^Sdl^itioii of- despair^ lie ? huirrjied 'oa-s ?wards* A train to^Teveriiey .; was overdue. He took a ticket, and as soon 'as toe loco motive stopped, jumped into a crowded carriage, and made for the farther corner. 'The.' idling fellow somehow did not trouble to ask for a ticket, but whispered to the guard, and took his seat in .the same car riage, a passenger being moved to make room for him. This manoeuvre carried its own in ference on the face of it; so Captain Allister, Ms face flushing, just before the train -started, made a dash, for the door, and regained the platform. Then he tore .up his ticket and walked home, the de tective still dogging his steps. Entering, he slamn\ed the door in the man's face with such force as to startle Lilias, who petulantly* inquired what in the world was the matter ? - ? ' Simply this,, girl,' cried the old sinner, the muscles of his face seeming to knot up in Ms wild desperation, ' the game's up I' . ' What do you mean ? Dear daddy, what has happened ?'' He paused, as one choking. It really looked as if words could not escape those livid, quivering lips. At last, with a mighty effort, he contrived to stammer, 'It's come to tMs. You and I must part company. Never mind what becomes of me, or where I go to. Sauve qui pent ! You must find a home somewhere at once, as gover ness, companion, or something.' 'Why, daddy?' ' Lil, the truth has to be confessed ; it has already been concealed too long. But,' speaking a trifle more, calmly, **I have kept it back both in L kindness to you and from a feeling of unutterable shame. Now, you've got to hear it you'll despise me, but so it must be.' 'Daddy- — dear daddy, don't talk so. Whatever happens I will not desert my daddy,' . ' ' Ha! is that so ? Perhaps you might even now save him if you would. But— hold— first hear me. Afterwards, per chance, you may think differently.' 'Never. Mother would reproach me from her tomb, were I to prove false.' ' Mother,' gasped the old man, shading his eyes. ' Poor mother i Poor mother I Lil, do you remember that vile work house ?' ' Yes indeed; I've only too much cause to do so. It v^as the workhouse robbed me of her sweet presence. Shall I ever forget those black months of suffering, though I was only a child at the time? Such clothes, such food, such people to herd with J' . ' - 'Yes— yes. And you recollect also, how, after a long absence, I returned all in a moment with money in my hand, aye, and plenty of it ?' 'Daddy,' with solemn emphasis, ' who gave you that money ?' ' No one, Lil. No. one.' ' Then how did you come by it ?' ' John Crucival was accidentally thrown from Ms horse, and— — ' ' John Crucival 1 — daddy, you horrify me I Was it his money ?' The old sinner faltered. He could not look the cMld he had reared in the face. A glimpse of her pure countenance, trans fixed by horror, vain, and downrisrht anerer, appalled him. With Ms gaze closely rivetted on the carpet, he proceeded in the low, hollow tone of a villain from whom a confession is being wrung. ' He lay insensible, and alone in a country lane not far from Stockton. I did not even recognise him. Had I done so, I might have acted differently. As it was, I arrived on the spot by a coincidence simply miraculous. We were both of us hundreds of miles from home. I was starving and in rags ; yes, starving and mad. His cheque book actually lay on the ground before me. The temptation would have mastered a stronger mind than mine. It was his money saved us all ; on his money you have been fed and clothed all these years, and ? ' ' Do you tell me he knows tMs ?'* ?« I -sould have told you — to the best of my belief- — a week ago, that he knew nothing, or he would never have met me so cordially. Others know, that is certain.. What money I have has been impounded, arid a detective has been following me all this morning. Besides, I have been identi fied, thanks to that bitter enemy of mine, Robinson/' It was Lil's turn now to look stunned. J±er color lett ner lips, yet a strange nre darted from two flashing eyes as she turned for a moment oa her accuser. ?' And conscious as you were of all tMs, you tried your best to persuade me to trick that good and true gentleman ?' ' Trick,' he ^echoed, contemptuously ; ' I wished, if you didn't care to save me, at least to save yourself.' ' You asked me to be guilty of .the piti ful deceit or playing with the affections of the man you had^robbed. Thank Heaven, J was not so base.' ? ' What do you mean,cgirl ??* , ' Simply that when Mr. Grueival spoke of marriage, I told. Mm it was impossible.' He started to his feet, his eyes glaring wildly. 'Now I underatand^it ill — the Philis tines be upon thee, Sampson 1 Now it's clear as daylight why the squire left, the court in such a hurry. U'hey didn't dare let slip the dogs of war so long ' as their master allowed his name to be coupled with that of Bill Brockets daughter. It's all over— ^-ail over, and- 'v With a wrench he pulled the vintner's ten-pound note out of his pocket* and flung it-on the table before her, exclaim ing, 'The last shot in the locker. Take it, and save yourself.' (TO BB CbNIINirED.) 