Aii Expensive Garden. The Widow Appleby, called Anot SamsDtby by ber neighbours, was tidy ing up a room wblcb bad been furnished for a eleepiDg room, and bad Id it also a deefc, a bonb-case, aDd a little row of drawers, io wbicb fragmeDt precious to a geologist bad been carefully stored. Tbe desk aDd boob-case Aunt Ramatitby regarded witb reverence. The drawers #!-e did not understand. Bits of stone, bits of ore ; she emptied tbem all into her apron, and dumped tbem witb other odds bed tbat bBd not beeo due up tbat year. Aunt S&mauthy; bad oo heart for garden ing. Things bad very wrong witb ber, and tbe death of ber old border, a Callforniad miner, wbo had made and lost several fortunes, bad put tbe finish* ing toucb to her woee. His room it was tbat ebe was now puttingto riebte, know ing tbat ebe should never see tbe old wbite heart and kindly smile again. ' I felt it more than anything else, after losing poor Peter,' she sighed, as a tear rolled down her cheek. ' He waB always so kind to me.' As ebe spoke, there came a beavy step ou tbe porch, and looking out of tbe wio duw, ebe saw ber cousin, Jedediab Twombley, standing there. Jedediab was a rich man, lately made richer by an inheritance from his grandfather, wbo bad lived to be one hundred and five years old, and died, leaving all to bie wealthy grandson and nothing to bis ex tremely poor granddaughter. It was na tural tbat tbe thought should sting tbe widow as ebe looked Bt him, 'Morning!' said Jedediab. 'Morn- ing, Cousin Samanthy. I stepped up to get tbe shade. I feel tbe eun consider ably, and my borte bas loet a aboe, and I bave sent Simon to get It fixed ; thought I'd light bere and see how you got od.' ' I don't get on at all, Jedediab,' said Bamantby. 'Not as T should if Grand pa Twombley had left me something, as I always reckoned be would ; and now my poor old boarder is gone I've got to tbat pass I've bad to sell tbe cow.' 'Too bad!' Shid Jedediah. 'Well, oome and get a pan of milk any time.' 'Two miles tbere and back ; thank ye !' said tbe widow. ' Oo you know if I was you, Jedediah, what I'd do ? I'd say, 'Cousin Bamantby, I'm rich and you are poor. I'll give you a little olice of tbe big un grandpa left me.' That's your Christian duty, eeeln' grandpa was one bnndred and five, and weak-minded wben be died. He'd bev done it ten years Bgo. and you know it, too,' 'Pshaw!' laughed Jedediab. 'But you're a woman ; that's your excuse for talking idiotic. I'm not a mean mao. I'll gl ve yon fivedollars down, Bamantby, and property Is property, end wills ie wills, and not to be broken.' ' Well, I don't set op for proud, and I'm so poor tbat this is a good deal to me,' said Bamantby, taking tbe money. ' I reckon grandpa's spirit is around pomewbere, prompting you to do right, sesin' you influenced bim todo wrong.' 'Now, Bamantby, grandfather was not Influenced by me ! That I can tell you !' said Cousin Jedediab. ' He al ways felt tbat you made a mistake step ping off wltb Peter. Peter was one of tbem folks tbat never prosper?. ' What's tbe UBe,' grandfather used to say to me, 'of helping Bamanthy. wben Peter ? '' ' Poor Peter is gone.' said the widow, taking ber handkerchief from ber apron pocket. ' Do not talk against him. He was jest as kind as bind could be to me,' 'No doubt,' said Jedediab, burrledly — ' no doubt. 1 didn't mean any offence. I always thought Peter quite— quite ? But wbat was you a doln' wben I came in— hnuBe-elennln' ?' ?' I wag cleanln' out tbe spare room,' aald tbe widow. 'It's been ebut up quite a spell— since tbe Callforny gentle* man died. I thought I'd tet ft if I could. I might take a few boarders Ibis summer If tbey would oome.' 'I'll pay for an advertisement,' said Jedediah, wbo was worth a million and a half; ' Bnd I'll let you have lots of cu cumbers oil our place. If you'd seed this bed up Instead of pltcbin' rubbish on it, you could grow things bere now. You could grow radishes right under your window. Bummer boarders generally thinks radishes bulsome.' ' I jest emptied tbe bureau drawers out onto tbnt bed, Tbere wm a lot of rabblih In 'em ; and I mnant lo dig It over, only I ain't very robust.' ' I'll let Million dig It for yon,' said Jedediab; 'and you Call seed II down, aud It will be a comfort io y«n,' By this time Simon, who liad been ?lowly driving up hill, elopned at the gate, and Jedediab called to liirn 'SIidoh. you Je»t take !lie»j)»de and dig over Mrs. Appleby'* garden. I'll drive home myself. Good- bye, Baman tby. 1 tiiiuk tbat idea about tbe summer boarders Is a good one'; »ud Jumping Into hie waggnu, l\e drove up tu« road, glad to get rtd fit bis poor cousin. Slmou looked after his cousin with a very peculiar expression. ' Some foike ie born for luck and tome for children,' be said eenientlouely. ' I've got four.' 'And I have got three,' said tbe widow, 'Now, Bltunn. don't do tliat unless you want to. I khuw you have plpnty lo do.' ' I'd just as lief,' said Bimon. ' What have you been tbrowiu' out bere, Mrs. Appleby?' ?? Ronbteboulof my Califirny boarder's bureau drawers,' said Mrs. Appleby. ' Wbtt he kept it here for I don't auow.' glmnu laughed, picked up oue or two bits of something and put tbem iu bis pocket. Tbe bed was nearly spaded wben Mrs. Appleby looked out again, and Slmoo was gone. As Jedediah Twombley sat on hla porob tbat nlgbt, counting up tbe profiU of bis bay crop, a voice behind bim cried ' Mr. Towmbley, I've got eutbin' I want to show you.' He turned. It was Simon wbo bad spoken, and be held in bis hand a frag ment of something daik and beavy. 'Bee here,' be eaid, in a whisper. 'I've been lo the gold mines in my time, and If this al''t gold I'll give up and say I'm lacking ' 'Oh, to be sure, to be sure,' said tbe old man, clotcblng tbe lump nervouBly. 'To be sure! Where did you find it?' 'In tbe Widder Appleby's garden. Dag It up nut of tbe flower garden you told me to spade for her.' ' Then there's gold on tbat place ! I've always (bought tbere wa, gold there. I've always said so!' Bald Simon, wltb a twinkle tn his eye ' I've beerd you. Now, wbat a thing that will be for that poor widder — a gold mine on her place !' Jedediab'B eyes gleamed greedily in tbe dim twilight. ' Hush, Simon !' he whispered. ' Pro I mise roe ynu won't tell her or anybody. I'll make it all right with ynu. You're kind of uncomfortable where ynu be with your small family. I'll let you bave tbe frame-bouse on tbe bill at tbe same rent. Don't mentiou it. I'll make it right witb Mrs. Appleby. Though, after alt, this mayu't be gold.' ' P'r'aps not ; but only miners like me rather calculates to know,' said Simon. ' Ef you don't mind, I'll move up to tbe frame-house to-morrow. Walt a bit. Let's go over tn the widder's. I'll pre teDd it's to sow the radish seed, if you'll give me some, and we'll Sfe if there's any more laying round.' 'Good euougb said Jedediab Twom bley. 'A bright idea !'? Accordingly, to the widow's surprise, Bimon took the seed over, and tbe eowing done, brought back to his master waiting in tbu wagon under the trees three or four specimens of tbe same ore, whicb Jedediab look at once to a celebrated mineralogist of the nearest town, who de clared wbere these came from tbere was assuredly a gold-mine. Trembling vltn delight, Jedediah went bask to walk around -tbe widow's bouBe in tbe moon light, wbere she, seeing bim tbruugb tbe curtains, took bim for a tramp, and was frightened almost out of ber senses. Beveral things happened to startle ber next day. Tbe first was the appearance of Simon at her door in tbe early dawn, as she was boiling ber solitary cup of enfiee over eonae splinters of wood. '? Widder,' Simon whispered, solemnly, ' ' tend to what I say, and dnn't forget it. Mister Twombley is going to make you an nfier for your place. Don't let bim have it cheap. Rise on him as bold as brass. Don't chin about anything. Don't tell him notbin'. Jest say, ' I won't sell it for that,' until you get wbat'il keep you comfortable. Mind, do as I say ; don't ask qaestionB, don't chin, or you'll give yourself away.' ' I don't balf understand you,' said the widow. '? You bev such curious ex pressions binder, but if Cousin Jedodlab offers much for two acres of stones and a bouse like tbia, he's goin' crazy.' 'Mebbe he's seen a ghost,' said Simon. ' But you mind me.' He was off. Not too soon, for tbe wheels of Jedediah Twombley's wagon rattled down tbe road the next moment, and Jedediab stood at tbe door In place of bis servant. ' What you eed kind o' tecbed me yesterday, Bamantby,' be eaid ; ' Bnd I've been thinking. What you want ie rest. Bell your place aod go board in the village. I'll buy it. It ain't worth much, but what'll you take?' Tbe widow looked at blm. It was not benevolence tbat shone in bis eyes, but greed. 'Well,' she eaid cautiously — some of tbe same blood ran in her veins, and ebe could bargain also. ' Well, wbat'il you give ?' ' Five hundred dollars !' eaid tbe riob man. 'Eh?' Bamantby shook ber bead. 'Eight?' ' Lor', no,' Bald Bamantby. ' A thousand?' Bamantby turned pale, but still sbook ber bead. ' Two thousand ?' said Jedediab. 'I reckon you're calculating I'm half witted,' said Bamantby. 'She knows about tbe gold,' said Jedediab himself ; ' or— yes, someone else knows and has made ber an offer.' Tbe miser and tbe gambler sometimes mingle lo one man. It was so in tbe case of Jedediah Twombley. ' Fifteen thousand dollars?' be cried, hurriedly. ' You can live comfortably on that, eh ?' 'Grandfather's ghost has appeared,' thought Bamantby. 'Well, she said, ' il you'll drive over to the lawyers nod pay me now, I'll do It.' Ten mluuteR after tbe (wo were sitting side by side In the wagon, Two hours more, and SamBntby was, In ber own opinion, a rich woman, with no fear of suffering before ber, and no Deed to toll for ber bread. Bbe was to leave tbe cot tsge tbat day, and bewildered by ber sudden prosperity, ebe was packing ber few possessions, wben again, as In tbe dawn, Simon stood at ber door. 'Sold it?' be asked. 'Yes,' said the widow breathlessly, ' For fifteen thousand dollars. X reckon grandpapa appeared to bim.' Simon put biB band In hiB pocket and drew out a bunch of something. ' What's that? ' he asked, Tbe widow looked at wbat be beld to ward ber. ' It's a bit of tbe rubbish I threw outof tbat bureau tbere,' ebe eaid, 'It's gold ore,' said Bltnon. 'Your Callforny boarder bad a lot of speolmeni nf it in tbat bureau ; be often showed 'em to me. I was a miner once. I took an interest in 'em. You tbrowed 'em Into tbe radiabbed j Idug'em outof It, I Jest showed 'em to Ulster Twombley. His Idee hM nlwuyt been there's gold 10 these mountings. He thinks there's gold on your plaoe,' ' And be wanted to give toe five hundred dollars I' said the widow. ' It's all right for you, and I didn't tell no lies,' eaid Simon, 'I did dig op them specimens In tbe radish bed,' Tbe widow lives at ease In tbe vlllagr now, and keeps ber own counsel ; and there Is a big hole, with a windlass near it, where ber bome one stood. People psll it ' Twombley's Folly'; but Jedediah Twombley Intended It for a gold-mine, and epent a little fortune also In working I' «everal years. 