\- Y'O KISSES. That Christma. Eve- we were ' all ite.ted cosily around the cheerful drawing-ronm fire; and, as my eldest brother was then an on his way from Liverpool, where he was engaged in busintss, expressly to spend Christmas Day at home, we children had been graciously accorded permission to re. main up and awnait his arrisal. In the corner of the broad fireplace, reclining in her easy chair, g.randrma looked smilingly from one young face to the other, evidently quite prepared for the demand made upon her on.-all such special occes ons. Nor haid she to wait very long; for scarcely had nnmammtn looked at her watch and announced that Richard might hbe exprtcted to krnek his usual " rata tnt-tat-tat-tat," at the door in just forty-five- minutes punctually from that moment, when little Nellie turned to the white haired old lady in the arn:chairand exclaimed, clapping her tiny hands : " Oh, grandma ! Tell us a nice; pretty, story." "Y- es, grandma, do !" we all chimed "A lovely fairy tale," said Ethel, :a young lady of nine suimmers." '! No, no, grandma," expoistulated Master Ned, who "was tso ydars TEthel's senior; " let's have, a ghost stdry-oneo that'll make our flesh creep.', " What rubbish !"- said Ethel, con temptously. " As if every sensible person doesn't know, nowadays, that there's no such-thing as a ghost?' " Quite as many as there are fairies, anyhow, retorted Ned. " Ah I but fairies are delightful," re turned Ethel, determined to have the last word of the dispute, -" and ghosts are always disagreeable." " Well, well, children," ssid grand ma, " we won't discuss the question. Fairies and ghosts both have their merits, no doubt, especially frdmn the storyteller's point of view, and Ishould be sorry to say a single word against either. But, as tastes differ, I don't think it desirable to make any of, you dissatisfied, so I shall avoid both gob lins and fairies to-night, and tell you a story about a certain old lady of your acquaintance." •' A true, real old, laly ?'4 asked Edith, a quiet child of seven, who had nor previously spoken. , " Yes, my love," replied Grandma, smiling... " The old lady I mean is a very genuine persoln-at least, I hope she is-and the story:: about her is perfectly true." " All right,;grandinn," blurted out Master. Ned ; " if it's iot going .to be c:eepy, I hope it's funny, that's all." "I'm afraid you will be disappointed, ny dear," continued grandma, shaking her head, " for the story is about mny self, and I don't think I ever did any thing funny in ny whole life." - " About you, graindma r" we all exclained, 'joyfully. " Oh do tell us !" " Well, then, children," said grand ma, " when I was Gertrude's age" and here the good old :lady "glanced pleasantly at me--" I was much like what she is now ! that is to say, tall for a girl of fourteen, slight of figure, with long, anvy, fair hair, blue eyes, and rosy cheeks. In fact, if I may be allowed to say so, I was pronounced by good judges to be- ahem !-rather attractive. My eyes are still blue, but I the rest of my description is consider ably altered, as you see. Such chaniges j will happen, you know, in the course of fifty years, so I shall not give way to fruitless lamentations. "At the time I mention I was no longer quite a child biit could scarcely be considered a young lady -don't for get that I am speaking of fifty years ago, and that the girls of that period -ý were by no means so adanced and so clever as those of the present day." (I half suspect this was intended ironi cally.) I "' However, when I was fourteen," grandma continued, "I fiincy I: must have- been estill very. simple-minded, for my existence, apert from my studies, was wrapped up in two pas sions, love for my only biothers, whom I worshipped, and an inordinate fond ness fr the 'game of battledore and, shIuttlecock. then as nmuch in vogue as lawn tennis is now. Of course I loved and revered: my f.rther, who was theat not far from sixty, and looked older, through grief at the loss \- of my mother, Who died when I was PI an i:.fant. My brother-whom I used to cnall-'ny, big birother'- was tw?el-e ?years my senior, and we were Colonel Norton's only remnailing children, a hboy and girl having died before niy birth. I "It was during thle autumn holi days, one very rainly, unpleasant July day-we sometimes .have such July e days in London, even now !-and I was il the drawing-room moping, in stead 'of playing shuttlecock in the T Sgarden withlsly brother Frederick, . ho was always ready to do anything It I asked, or, as he called it, com- E manded. I was dozing over a stupid book, when all at once I was roused B by thle sound of voices in the adjoin mg roomn, my fathler's study. In an- Al other moment, I heard my farther anrd T brother in evident altercation, the former speaking in loud, and angry GI t~nes-so loud indeed, that I cou:d- F hear distinctly every word he uttered whilst my brother's voice, though pitched in a lower key, was quice audi - ble through the thin partition which 'separated thei two disputants fronm me. b S" Father," said Frederick, respect fully but firmly. 'Iam resolved to make Mary Cuthbert my wife, because T she is in every way worthy to ba.r our name, and because I lovelher.' "'And I, replied tny fathler,amn e-qually resolved that you shall not E haveitycoinsent 10to marry a penni less governess. Now, 'if you persist in you itention, you will know ex actly th- ... :rse I shall pursue.' "'1,' unasOr-':-,d you, father. I am a deeply gri,'vrr to oflead you, hiot if it : must be so I slh ll leave your hlous.' . As I have alreadry told you, I love i 3T1try Cutlhlert, she hlas cousentcd to ' b.iote my wife, rad mny word is t pledged to her. I nm twenty-six un years of age, iad you hlave nio legal IO control over nay atdaions.' " Very 'well, sir I' r,.plird nmy father, after a p inful pause. 'DJ, ~ as you pleunse, Iut Ihlar in mindi that Sfrom the hmur of yur lnarring" you nad the worn i-n vun are about to force into mny faiuily are stanngert to me for ever'. "' 1 hope, father, that time will th cornvince you oof the harshness and in justice of such a determination-tlhat you will forget and forgive.' " 'Never, sr I Good bye P " In another. instant the study door opened, ?ndd .my brother - ap peared in -ther room- where I sat trembling ansd bewildered. He wvs quite .-calm, but very pale perceir ing me, he came at once and took me in his arms. 