the sketcher. : Ghosts. V ' (By W.S.A.) . - Litornry men have always been on good ' terms with ghosts; Unliko the scientist, who treats the whole- Bpectral body with undisguised contempt, the literary man pets the ghost, flatters its vanity, nnd makes much of it. The re- sult is natural. The ghostly fraternity cut tho seiontist dead, while they'are most generouB to the litterateur. Every Christinas Eve an army of phantoms are told off for tho purpose of making afternoon, or -after midnight calls on members of the literary profession, just to provide' them with a subject for a shocker in ' tho Chrisimns issues. Literary gentlemen cannot he too grate ful to their- ghostly . visitants, hut renders would no. doubt bo glad if the ghosts woulcl rehearse some, fresh 'per formances. Perhaps it is always the same phantoms who Bubmit "to _ the annual . interview - and the shadowy yotoraiis— like more substantial oldsterB — -eaiiuiii. urum nuy iiusu line or po:icy into thoir- poor old heads. Still the 'literary meu cannot be blamed for the lrionptoubus.rdoiiigs of their "-peculiars.' On; tlie Contrary, tlioy cannot be too highly extbllodi-lor their consideration for ghostly, feelings, "and the great super iority 'of .tlioir' action to that of the 8eienti8ts, ' Theso lattoL' will not give tho poor ghost tho benefit of tho least iouut, and lnivo such a strict ; cross-ex amination readyv that it is no .wonder tliat few ghosts are hardy enough to face the ordeal' of an intorviow. But tliey aro novor bored .by- the society of literary miou, nnd froin Shakspearo to Stevenson the ghost lias done good service fpr litoraturo. '. Of iato, however, the ghost lias rather lanquisbed, but lie lias been nobly re suscitated by two m'oinbers of the literary profession, Messrs. Stoad aud Torome have each made exhaustive ro- sparohes in gliostland, and returned from thoir travels ladon with booty. There is not much to choose hotweon the finds of the two explorers. If Jerome's nre funnier, Stead's aro cor- tainly tidier ; so it's about as broad as it jsyliigh.- Takou. Jogothor they form a striking -oamplo of tlio powor of tho limnatf pdn in iiuaginntive flights. An ojkm'plo from ea'cli till uttltvo to show l1b (jorierril stylo of tho respective ro- minisconcdfl.' Mr: Stead rolates an anonymous cnrreapniKlcrit'rf yivtifi'day night oxperienco, though thai it hap pened on that night goos without saying —"I raised my "eye? and saw to my groat surpriso a peculiar light. . . '. Watching it liitontly I saw tins light do- volop intoa hoad nnd faco of yellowish groomsh light, with .a mass of matted hair ahovo it. Tho faco was vory wide and broad, larger than ours in all re spects, and had vory largo eyos of groon, which not boing distinctly outlined, nppoarod to tnorgo into tho vcllow of tho cheeks. Tho expression of tho faco was diabolically malovolont. aud as I gazed steadily at it, my horror was intonso as my wonder, but I was not nervous in tho least. . . . I am a motnbor of a tem perance association." Thore is nothing at all oxtraordiuary in this story. A great many persons on Saturday night do seo and do poculiar things, and doubt- loss havo vision's of diabolically malo- vnlnnt" fanns " meruina into" Bomoihintr elso, sometimes perhaps a blue uniform, but thoy "are not norvous in tho loast" till iltey make thoir bow to tho Bench on Monday morning. But in common fairness to tho local templars it must bo said that tho person who sees these " blue devils" is not usually "a mcmhor of a temperanco association." Mr. Jerome, amongst others, rolates the tragic experiences of a geutlemau who, aftor a " wet" night; sjopt in a blue chamber reputed to bo haunted by tho ghost df a sinful man" who had once killed a Christmas Wait with a lump of coal. (It was supposed thrtt when tho poor wait oponod his mouth for B flat, the Pitiful man threw tho coal down his throat arid choked him). Tho gentle man mot the sinful ghost; arid didn't got whito hairod or raving mad; as ho ought to havo done. In fact, lio had a good time With tho.gho8t, and the two wore just getting chummy when a cock crew, and tho spoctro rose and said ho. must go. Tho gentleman offered to go ; a bit of the way with him, and after a httlo demur tho ghost -consen tod. So the other partly dressed and took' his umbrella, and tho two went out arm in arm. . , At the gate we mot Jonos, tho constable, " Good night, Jones," I said, for I always feel nffalilo at Christ- mag. "Good night, sir," replied Jones, ratlier gruffly, " May I ask what you'ro n doing of." . ; ' " Oil,- it's all right," I replied, with a wave' of inyumbreda, "i'tn just seeing my friend -bora a part of tho' way home," .Tpnos asked " "\V hat friend ?" " Oh ah.! Of course,'1 I replied, with a laugh, " lie's invisible to you-; lie's the ghost of tho gontlomnn tliiit killed tho wait. I'm just goirig to the. cornorvith' liini." ; . . - " I don't think I , would if J wore vnn " nnid .Tonnnl " Tf vnn intrn mv J , . — --r? — . — ? — j advico you'll say good-bye to: yonr friend hero.. I don't suppose you're aware you're going' about, with nothing on but a nightshirt, a pair of boots, and an opera liat. Where's your trousers ?" "Jones," I said sternly, " 1 , -..don't' wish to- report you, but it ' sOoms to me yon'vo been drinking., , My trousers aro where a man's trousers ought to bo— on his legs. I distinctly remember putting, them on." . ; " Wollj you haven't got 'otn on now," said. Jones, ;.v;. "I hog your pardon,'' I retorted, " I; tell vou I liave. ; I think I ought to -know."".,: - :-,W; t. ' " I think so, too, "v-saidi Jones, " but you evidently don't. Now you .just come along with- me, luid dou't Ict'a havo any more of it." . .. , At this momorit Uncle John came to the door, and; Aunt Maria appeared at the window in her night cap. 1 ex plained Jones' mistake to them, treating it as. lightly as I could, so as mot to get the man iuto trouble, aud I turned for confirmation to the ghost. -He tvas gone! He had disappeared without a word, without oven sayiug good-bye. . It seemed so unkind, his going off like that; that I hurst into tears, nnd -Uncle John came out. and led me into the house. On rcnchiug my room I found that Jones was right. I had- -not put on iny trousers after all, Tlioy wore still hang ing on the bed rail.- . In my anxiety not to keep the glnst waiting, 1 suppose' I must have forgotten them. Cases like this too, are quite within the hounds of possibility — in fact thoy are not quite unknown in liockhamp- ton, only thoy do not generally terminate 'so satisfactorily. Only for Uncle John and Aunt Maria turning up.' in the nick of time, this inoffensive gentleman would probably havo boon " run in" for exposure.- - In ; 99 .cases; out of 100, no aunt or unclo is at hand; to " tip tho wink " at tho right moment, and tho unfortunate victim ,pf. cii'cum-. stance , is marched off to gaol and mulcted in fines; ne.xt morning for an offence as. excusable as that of the gentleman aforesaid. Eor is not his atixioty not to keep the spirits waiting tho cause of all his trouble ? 