MANNERISMS. QUEER TRICKS OF GREAT PERSONAGES. Long before the expiration of the period of mourning ordered by the Czar for his sister-in-law, the late Grand Duchess Paul, the official " Gazette" of St. Petersburg will be called upon (writes " Ex-Diplomatist " in the New York Tribune, to record another demise in the Imperial family of Russia. The Grand Duke Constantine Nicolaiowitch, brother of the late Emperor, is now lying at the point of death. Every vestige of that remarkable intellect which in days gone by won for him the reputation of being the most clever and enlightened prince in Christendom, has disappeared, and to-day the wreck of both mind and body is so complete that only the feeblest spark of life remains. Its final extinction is merely a matter of a few weeks at the utmost. Like every other human creature, be he prince or peasant, the Grand Duke has little tricks of manner what the French term "in the that were peculiarly his own. The most unique of them all was certainly his method of "jumping" his monocle into his eye. he used to wear the glass dangling at the end of an exceedingly thin, elastic cord, and whenever he fell into the hands of one of these prosy old bores who constitute the bugbear of imperial and royal personages, he would give the elastic an im- perceptible switch which would send the glass shooting upward, right into its very place in his eye. He merely elevated his eyebrow in the very slightest manner to receive it, leaving every other muscle of the face of the body unmoved. This peculiar little manoeuvre, which I have never seen practised by anyone else, invariably had the result of causing the person speaking to the Grand Duke to stop short in the middle of his sentence and to lose entirely the thread of the discourse Not having noticed the little twitch given to the cord, the man was unable to account for the singular way in which the glass shot up right into the Grand Duke's eye, and the cool and no. | concerned manner in which his Imperial Highness received it had ordinarily The effect of completing the upset of his interlocutor equanimity. Still more disconcerting was the habit of the late' Prince Napoleon surnamed " Photo-Play "-of yawning about thrice in the space of every five minutes, no matter who the person was that was talking to him at the time. Although no great observer of the ordinary conventionalities and amenities of life in other respects, the prince made a point of always covering his mouth with his hand when he yawned. But the result was the same. for the yawns of the prince and the almost in- variable effect of setting the person speak- ing to him off yawning as well and is at last every yawn of the prince became followed by a responsive yawn on the part of his interlocutor, the conversation grow somewhat disjointed, and the sight of the two men yawning in each other's faces every two minutes extremely funny. Exasperating is the only word that can he applied to the trick of the late Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria of biting his nails down to the very quick while listening to any remarks that were being addressed to him. He did it unconsciously, and often have I observed him putting up his right hand to his mouth as soon as ever he had finished speaking what he had to say. As in the case of Prince Napoleon with his yawns, he was unable to refrain from biting his nails oven on the most solemn and stately occasions, and no matter who it was that happened to be talking to him. To strangers, at any rate, the" tie" of the Prince of Wales is somewhat disconcerting. About once in every minute and a-half the lid of the right eye drops completely over the ball. The eye remains closed for the space of about a second, and then suddenly opens again to its fullest extent, no other feature of the race having moved violin while. People who see the Prince for the first time are tempted to believe that he is deliberately winking at them, an impression which is strengthened by the Prince's reputation of geniality towards men and gallantry towards women." Of course, however, there is no such intention on the part of the Prince, and the work is altogether involuntary, the result of a the nervous." It, however, sometimes has the effect of causing the persons who are either talking to him or listening to his conversation to start off blinking in response, especially when they happen to be people of nervous tempera- ment and the spectacle of the two gravely winking at one another every minute or two is not without its humorous features. Archduke Louis Victor, the younger brother of the Emperor of Austria, has the most irritating trick of continually snapping the fingers of his right hand while he is talking to a person, especially if he is any way animated. I suppose that it is due to nervousness more than to anything else ; belt when one sees him thus snapping his fingers with his arm extended at an angle of about forty-five degrees from his body, one is apt to become sufficiently evaporated to long to give him a good shaking. I may add that there is a well- known and philanthropic newspaper proprietor in a city within a few hours' distance from New York who has a trick of manner that is somewhat similar to that of the Archduke. Only instead of snapping his fingers, he devotes his superfluous energy to catch- ing imaginary fires. No matter what his topic of conversation, or how bitterly cold the weather, he will sweep his right hand! through the air, and suddenly close it as if the fly was caught. He will then carefully open it, of course without finding even the ghost of any insect. No disappointment, however, is discernible on his benignant features and a minute later he as actively engaged in his peculiar chase as ever. This strange taste for fly- hunting appears to have been shared by the father of the present King of Bavaria, and it is related at Munich that one day, when two of his Cabinet Ministers called upon him with a draft of a new law for which they required his approval and signature, they found him seated in his armchair with an open book on his knees. After reading the statute to his Majesty, the Ministers stood for a long time silently waiting for an answer. At length, when their patience was nearly exhausted, the King suddenly closed his book with a bang, and exclaimed, with a look of unutterable triumph :-" I have got him I I have got him I" He had caught and crushed a Hy. Reference to this story may serve as an excuse for alluding to the queer fad of the present monarch of' Bavaria, the mad King Otto. His insanity appears to have taken the form of an illusion that he is a stock. In one of the magnificent. apartments devoted to his use at the palace of Fnrstonried, he has laboriously constructed a gigantic nest, every stick and Straw of which he has conveyed to the spot in his month. In that nest he squats almost the entire day with feathers stuck in his long, thick hair and beard, while he chatters in imitation of the " clappering" of a stork whenever any one approaches. Occasionally, too, he stands on one leg gazing vacantly straight before him, while at other times he stalks gravely about just in the same manner that he has seen the long-beaked, long-legged birds do. Archduchess Maria Theresa, the future Empress of Austria, and a women well nigh as lovely as the present Empress, has a funny little way of twisting a loose little curl of hair over her left temple when reading or absorbed in thought. A person addicted to the trick of pulling his collar bone as if it incommoded him, is Baron von Schaeffer, who for so many years was stationed as Austrian Envoy at Washington. Both Emperor William and King Hum- bert have the habit of twisting their moustaches, the difference between the two sovereigns consisting in the fact that whereas the Italian monarch strokes his with deliberation, the German Kaiser twists his with a brusque, quick, and jerky movement, which threatens to tear it ] out by its roots. Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria leaves his moustache alone, and ! contents himself with softly stroking his | snow-white whiskers. The Czar has a j peculiar way of passing his right hand over the top of his head when absorbed, and it I may be that his baldness is due to his hav- J ing worn the hair off in so doing. Much more could be written on the subject of these little tricks and mannerisms of imperial and royal personages which possess a certain interest, inasmuch as they furnish an almost invariable true indication of character. Indeed the study thereof appears to me to be infinitely more entertaining than graphology, palmistry, phrenology, or indeed, any of the other analogous sciences. 