MORE REMINISCENCES: OF CARLYLE. THE GALLIVANTING8 OF Mr MILL. The second instalment of Sir Charles Duffy's " Conversations and Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle," in the Contemporary Review, is more interesting than the first. Recalling the days of the "Latter-Day Pamphlets," the writer tells a humorous story of the seriousness with which an Irishman of Coleraine received the atrabilious suggestion in " Downing-street " that the work of Parliament might be done better and oheaper by a newspaper. Sir Charles says :-" It must have tickled the philoso- pher's midriff to fiad this mad banter taken seriously by one his admirers, who was wil- ling to subscribe £10 a year towards setting up a newspaper which should supersede Parliament in the minds of all reasonable people." l But the most entertaining passages in these reminiscences relate to John Mill and his platonie affection for the lady who afterwards became his wife. In a conversa- tion with Sir Charles Duffy, Carlyle held forth in this wise:-At one time we saw a good deal of Mill. In the Reform Bill era he was an innocent young creature, with rich auburn hair and gentle pathetic expression, beautiful to contemplate; but a domestic embroilment drove him to adopt a secluded monastic sort of life, in which people saw little of him bnt the work he did. His life had been wrecked by a platonie, and quite innocent, affection for a married lady who had since become his wife, concerning whom he had got possessed by an idea, or indeed a series of ideas, which were altogether absurd and insupportable. He regarded her as the paragon of womankind, which she was not by long odds ; far otherwise than a paragon one might safely say. She was the daughter of a Badical doctor, who married ker to Taylor, a Radical and Socinian, an honest simple sort of man, who had no doubt that the iaeas which prevailed among this class of persons afforded a sufficient solution for all the hard problems of life. W. J. Fox, who had a chapel in Finsbury, where he patronised Peter and Paul as ignorant but well-inten- tioned persons, delivered prayers which some one described as the most eloquent prayers that ever were addressed to a British audience, Fox had probably the Taylors among his congregation; at any rate, he came to know that Mrs. Taylor, a vivacious little body, who found her life among the Socinians wearisome, and he told her that John Mill was the man among the human race to relieve in a competent manner her dubieties and difficulties. He'brought Mill to see her ; and Mill, who had probably never before looked into a woman's face, was spell-bound. She was a Shrewd woman, with a taste for coquetry, and she took possession of Mill and wrapped him up like a cocoon. He used to go to her in all his trouble to be comforted, and in all his difficulties te be gaided, and probably te be flattered a little besides. From that time all Mill's enjoy- ments in life centred in her. Taylor remon- strated with her on the extent to which the intimacy was carried ; but she told him he might blow np the house if it seemed good to him, but ehe could not, under any circum- stances, give up this friendship as she would probably 'call it. There were children to be considered, and he thought he had better en- dure the thing than make a clamour and a catastrophe. . . . Mrs. Carlyle, who was present, said Mrs. Mill was not the pick of womankind, as her husband conceived, but a peculiarly affected and empty » body. ?. She waa not easy unless she startled' you with unexpected sayings. If she was goingo utter something kind and affectionate- she spoke in a hard stern voice. If ebieq wanted to be alarming or uncivil she employed the most honeyed and affectionate tones. "Come down and see us," she said one day (mimiok ing her tone), "you will be oharmed with our house, it is so full of rats." " Rats !" oried Carlyle ; " do you regard them as an attraction?" "Yes" (piano), "they are such dear innocent creatures." Mrs. Carlyle at the same time told me the story now sufficiently known of bow the first volume of the " French Bevolution " got burnt. When Mill suddenly appeared at Cheye-row to an- nounce the misfortune, he looked so like the ghost of Hamlet's father, that she knew some catastrophe must have occurred, and exclaim- ed involuntarily, " Gracious Providence, he has gone off with Mrs. Taylor !" but happily the misfortune proved to be a more remedi- able one. SEEING THE GREAT MAN. " One day," said Mrs. John Stuart Blackie to a Strand magazine interviewer, " I went to call on Mrs. Carlyle. It was in the after- noon of a very, very hot day. I was just say- ing good-bye, when it suddenly occurred to me to ask, referring of course to her hus- band, ' May I see the great man ?' Mrs. Carlyle took me down some dark kitchen stairs, and there, in a corner, with his trousers drawn up to his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his feet and legs in a great tub of cold water !" 