CHAPTER VIII. The aymptonH of anxioty and alarm affected , Edith’s own spirits; thoy did inoro,—they shook her faith in tho justice of har kinsman's conclusions. ^ Ilia Arguments in relation to tho J road wore, indeed, unanswerable; uml Telio j had offered nono to weaken them. Yet why should BhQ'botray such distress, if thoy worn upon the right ouo P and wh}*, in fact, should sho not bo supposed to know both tho right aud tm^7uod%’oVhte aLoIm<1' aaal16 a“d>frequently Theso questions Edith could not'rei’:.iui auk I mg of Iiolaud, who profesaed hiniBelf unudno to I auswer thorn, unloss by supposing the girl had I hocomo confused, as ho thought was not im* probable, or had, in reality, been eo long absent from the forest, as to have forgotten its paths altogether; which was likely ouough, as sho scorned a very simple-minded, iuoxpsriouced croaturo. *‘Dut why neod wo,” ho said, “ trouble onrsolvcs to find reasons for tho poor girl's opposition ? Hero are tho tracks of our friends, broaclor and deeper than over; boro they wind down into tho hollow; and there you may boo where thoy havo floundered through that vile pool, that is still turbid, whero thoy crossed it. A horrible quagmire! But courage, my fair cousin; it is only such | difficulties us those which the road can lead ua Such wore tho- expressions with which the young Botdior endeavoured to reassure his kins woman’s courage, her own confldonco remaining still unmovod;. although, in socrot, ho folt somewhat surprised at the coincidence betwcon tho girl’s recommendations of the bye-road and the injunctions of his morning dream. But whilo pondering over tho woudor, he had arrived at tho quagmiro alluded to> through which the difficulties of conducting his coiiBin wore sufficiently great to banish otbor matters for a moment from his rnind. Having crossed it at last in safety, ho paused to give such in structions or assistance as might bo needed by his two follower*; when Edith, who hadhaltod at his side, ouddonly laid hor hand on his arm, and oxclaimcd, with a visage of terror,— “Hark, Roland! doyouhear? What is that?” “ Heard him, manta!” ejaoulatod Emporor, from tho middle of tho bog, with voico still moro quavering than tho maiden’s, and lips rapidly changing from Spaui*h-brown to clayoy-ycllow; “hoard him, massa! Rockou it’s an lujim ! lorra-massy !“ “Peace, fool,” cried Pbrrester, bonding bis looks From thoularmod eountonanoo of his kins woman, to tho quarter* whence had proceeded the sound which had fo.suddenly struck terror mte her bosom. “TIurk, Roland! rt rises again!” she cx> el&iimed; and Roland now distinctly heard a sound, in tho depth, of tho forest, to tho right [ hand, a:i of the jail ©,f a human being, but at [ a gieat db'tianw) off. At. the place which.they had reached, tlm canea and uudorgrowth. of othor kinds had diPiippearod; and q wido glado, stretching over hill and hollow, owopt away from both aidoa of tho road, furthor than tho eyo could sec. Tho trees, standing wider apart thau usual, wero^ if possible, of a moro majestic stature^Ibcir wkIo aud inassivo tops weroso thickly interlaced, that not a single sunbeam found its way among tho gloomy arcades below, A wildor, more solitary, and moro awe-inspir ing spot Roland had not before seou; and jt was peculiarly fitted to udd doublo effect to sights and Rounds of a molancboly or fearful character. Accord ingly when tho cry was repeated, as it noon was, though at tbo same distance ne boforo, it came cchoojng among tho hollow archos of tho wood*, with a wild and almost unearthly cadence, tho uttorauco, as itsoomed, of mortal agony and despair, that breathed a secret horror through tho breasts of all. j‘It is tho Jibbonainosay!” muttorod tho shivering Telia ; 44 tlieeo are tho woods ho used to raugo iu most; aud they say bo ecrearas after bis proy! It is not too lato—lot us go “ An Injun, massa!” said tho Emporor, stuttering with fright, and yot proceeding to handle Ins arms, and to give encouragement to his young mistress, which his ago aud privileged character, as well as the urgency of tho occasion, entitled him to do ; “ don’t bo afraid raiosio Edio ; nobber mind; olo Era poror will fight nnddio for raisoio, old massa Jolm’B daughter !” 1 “ Hist !M said Roland, os another scream roRQ on tho air, louder and more thrilling than boforo, ‘jit io tho cry of a human being!” said Edith,44 of a man in distress !” 44 It is, indeed,” ropliod tho soldier—44 of a mnn in groat noril, or suffering. Remain hero on tho road ; and if anything—Nay, if you will follow mo, it may bo battor ; but lot it ho at a distance. If anything happons to mo, set spurs to your horses; Tolio can at least lend you back to tho fort." With thoso words, and without waiting to hoar tho remonstrances, orromovo tho terrors, of Ins companions, tho youug man turnod his horse iu tho wood, and, guided by tho cries, which woro almost incessant, soon found him self in tho vicinity of tho placo from which they proceeded. It wus a thick growth of hoeohos, of tho colossal growth of tho west, tho*v steins as tall atid straight as tho pines of tho Alloghanies, and their houghs, arched anil pendulous like thoso of tho elm, almost swooping tho earth below, over which they cast shadow* so dark that scaroo anything was visible beneath them, save their hoary and ftjM’ctral trunk. As llohmd, followed b? the little party, ap proached this spet, the cries of tho. unknown, ami a-, yot unseen, stiffen-r, fearful even at a distance, grow into tho wildest shrioks of foar, mingled with groans, howls, broken prayers and execrations, and h ilf-inarticulato expres sions, now of fondlingontroaty, now of tforce and frantic command, thatseemed addrasfted to a second person hard by. A thousand strange and appalling conceits hud crept into Roland's mind, when ho first hoard tho cries, One while ho almost fanciod ho had stumbled upon a gang oVyjvages, who wore torturing a prisoner to dealh; another momont, ho thought tho yells must procoed from eorao unluaky hunler, perishing by inchofl in tho grasp of a wild boost, perhaps a boar or panther, with which animals it wus ensv to be lieve tho forest might abound. With Ruch horrible fancies oppressing his mind, his sur prise may be imagined, when, haring cocked his rille and thrown opon his holsters, to ho pre pared for tbo worst, he rushed into tho grove, and behold a spectacle no more formidable than was presented by a single individual,—a man in a snaggy blanket coat,—sitting on horseback under oun of tho most vonerablo of tho hooches, and uttering those diabolical outcries thut hod alarraod the party, for no imaglunblo purpose, as Roland was at first inefinod to suBpoct, unloaa for his own private diversion. a aoconu iook, However, convincod tho soldier that the wroto.hed being had sufficient causo for his clamour; being in truth, in a situation almost ns dreadful as any Boland bad imagined. His arras wore pinioned hohind his buck, and his nock secured in a halter (takon, as it appeared, from his eteod), by which ho was fastened to a largo bough irameAatoly aboro his head, with nothing botwixt him aud death, save the the horse on which ho sat,—a young and torritiod boast, at whoso slightest start or motion, ho must have swung off and perished, while ho possessed no means of re straining the auimal whatever, except such as lay in strongth of log and virtue of voice. I In this terrible situation, it was plain, ho had I remained for a considerable period, his clothes ! and hair (for his hat hud fallen to tho ground) being saturated with raiu; whilo his face, alo with blood, his oyes swollen nnd pro ing from their orbits, with a most ghastly look of agony and fear, showed how often tho unoasincss of his horse, round whoso body his logs woro wrapped with tho convuhivo energy o* despair, hau brought him to tho very vorgo of strangulation. The yells of mortal terror, for such they had been, with wkioh ho had so long filled tho forest, woro changed to shrieks of rapturo, ns soon us ho bohold help approach in tho porson of tho astonished soldior. “ Praised be the Etarnal !M he roared; “cut mo looso, stranuger !—Praisod bo tho Etarnal, and this hero dumb beast ?—Cut mo luosostraungor, for tho lovo of God !” Such was ltoland*s intention ; for which pur pose he had already clappod his hand on liis sabre, to employ it in sorvico more humuno than any it had previously known; when un fortunately, tho voice of tho fellow did what bis distorted countenance had failed to do, and ro voalod to Boland's indignant eyes tho author of all his present difficulties, tho thief of tho pin fold, tho robber of Brown Brinreus—in a word, tho redoubtable Captain Balpli Stnckpole, In a moment, Boiaml understood tho mystory which ho had been boforo too excited to inquiro into. Ho romembered tho hints of Bruce ; and ho had learned enough of border customs and principles, lo porcoive that tho justice of tho woods had at last overtaken tho horse-thiof. Tho pursuing party had captured him—taken him m tho very manner, whilo stillinposscsoion of tho “ two-year-old pony,” and at once adjudged him to tho penalty prescribed by the border code—tied his arms, noosed him with tho halter of tho stolon horso, and loft him to swing, as soon us tho animal should bo tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful pnotical justice in thus making the stoleu horse tho thiof’s executioner; it gave tho animal it-olf, opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs received, unil at tho same timo allowed his captor tho rare privilege of galloping on his back into eternity. Such was tho modo of settling such, offonces against tho poaco nnd dignity of tho settle ments ; such was tho way in which Stackpolo had boon reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all passers-by might tako uoto that the execution had not been do: in without authority, thoro wero painted upon tho smooth white bark of tho tree, m largo black letters, traced by a finger well charged with moistened gun-powder, tho ominous name—Judgk Lynch—thoTllhada manthus of the forest, whoso decisions otq yot respected in the laud, and whoso authority florpotirnoa .bids ,fair to supersede tfaut of all erring humau tribunals. Thus tied up, his rifle, knife and ammunition laid under a treo hard b}% that bo might have tho satisfaction, if enlist action it could he, of knowing they wero in safety, tho cxocutionors had loft him to his fate, atid ridden away, long since, to attoud to othor important affairs of the colouy. Tho momont that Boland) understood in whoso service ho was drawing his sword, a chango cumo over tho spirit of his thoughts and feelings; and lie returned it vory composedly to its sheath—much to tho satisfaction of the negro, Emperor, who, recognising tho unfor | tuimto Balph, ut tho samo iustant, criod aloud, “’Topmassn! ’tar Captain Stackpolo, what stole Brown Briory! Beckon I'll touch tho pony on tho rib, hah ! Hanging too good for him, whito uiggah t’iof, hah !” With that, tho inconsed negro made as if ho would havo driven tho pony from under tho luckless Balph, hut was prevented by his. maBtor, who, taking a socond aurvoy of the spectacle, motioned to tho horror-struck females to retire, and prepared himself to follow “ ’Tnrnnl death to you, captain ! you won’t leave rao?” cried Balph, in terror. “Honor bright! Help him that needs help—that’ll tho rule for a Christian!” “ Villain I” said Boland, sternly, “ I have no holp to give you. Yon are strung up according to tho laws of tho settlements, with which t havo no dooiro to intorforo. I am the last man you should ask for pity.” “I don’t ax you? pity, ’tnrnnl death to me, I ax your help!” roared ltulph:, “Cut mo loooo 13 tho word, and thou aw’ar ni mo utter! I | stole you>hoss thru:—well, whar’s tho harm? | "Didn’t ho lling me, and kick mo, and bite me' into-tho bargain, the cursed Bavr^e? and arn’t you got him ag'iu as good &a; ovor? And beanies, didn't that etarnal old Bruce fob mo off with a boast good for uothiug. and; talk big to ana besides-? aud warn’t that all fa’r provo cation? An didn't you yourself sw'ar ag’in, shaking paws with me, and treat mo nB if I was no gentleman ? 'Tamil death to mo, cut mo . loose, or I'll haunt you, when I'm a ghost, I will, 'Uiual death to mof" “ Out him down, Botoid,. for hoaven'asako P” said Edith, whum the-aurprfto and tonor of the spectacle *1 first rwAcwd BpeocWsMi “you surely—no, Boland, you surely can't moan to Icavo bim to perish?” ‘•Upon my soul,” said tho soldier, and wo aro sorry to record a speech representing him in a light bo unamiabic, “I don’t eeo what right I havo to relea&o; him ; and I really have not tho least inclination to do so. Tho rascal is tho cause of all our difficulties; and, if evil should happen us, ho will bs tho causo of that too. But for him, wo should bo now safo with our party. And beaidoa, as I said before, he is hanged according to Kontucky law; a very good law, as fay as it regards horse-thieves, for whom hanging is too light a punishment.’ * “Nevertheless, release him, save tho poor wretch's lifo,” roiteratod Edith, to whom Stack pole, porcoiving in her his only friend, now addressed tho most piteous cries aud suppli cations ; “ tho law is murdorouH, its makers and oxccutioners barbarians. Save him, Boland, I charge you, I entreat you !” “Ho owes his life to your intercession,’' said the soldier; onl, drawing his sabro again, but with no apparent good will, ho divided the ' halter by which Balph was suspendod, aud tho wretch was free.. “ Cut tho tu£, tho buffolo'tug!” shoutod tho culprit, thrusting his arms as far from his back as ho could, and displaying tho thong of bison skin, which his struggles had almost buried in his flesh. A single touch of tho steel, rewarded by such a yell of transport as was novor before heard in those savngo retreats, sufficed to sever tho bond; and, Stackpole, leaping on tho earth, bogan to testify his joy in modes as novel as thoy were frautic. His first act was to fling Mb arms around'tho nock of his stood, which ho hugged and kissod with tho most rapturous affection, doubtless in requitul of tho docility it had shown when docility was so necessary to its rider’s life; his second, to leap hall* a dozon times into the air, feeling his neck all tho time* and uttering the most singular and vociferous cries, as if to mako double trial of tho condition of his windpipe; his third, to brawl aloud, directiag the important question to tho soldier, “How many days has it been Binco thoy hangod moP War it to-day, or yoa Iterday, or tho dar before ? or war a whole year ago ? for may I ho noxt hung to the horn of a buffalo, instoad of tbo limb of a beech-tree, if I didn’t feel as if I bad been squeaking th&r; ovor since tho beginning of creation! Cock-a-doodlo doo! him that orn’t bom to bo banged, won't , be hangod, no how!” Then running to Edithr who sat watching his proceedings with silent amazament, ho flung himself on his knees, seized the hem of her riding-habit, which ho kissed with tho fervor of uu adorer, cxcluinnug, with a vohement sincerity thutniadothe whole action still morostrangely ludicrous “Oh! you splen diferous creatur’! you nugeliferous aiigel l hero am I, Balph Stacfcpolo the Scroamer, that* cau whip all Kentucky, white, black, mixed,, and Injun ; and I’m the man to go withyou> to the ends of tho 'arth, to fight, dio, work, beg, and steal bosses for pou ! Iam, and you may make a little dog of mo ; you may, era niggur, or a hoes, or a door-post, or a dinnor—* ’farnat death to me, hutyou may eat me ! I’m the man to feel a favor, partickelarly when it comes to helping mo out of a halter; and so jist say tho word who shall I lick, to begin on, for I’m your slave yistas-much as that niggur, to go with you, as I said before, to tho ends of tho ’arth, and the length of Kentucky 44 A,way with you, you scoundrol and jacka napes,” said Roland, for to tbia ardont expres sion of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightonod to reply, . “ Strannger !” cried the ofTondod horse-thief, <( you cut tho tucr, nad you cut the halter ; and so, though you did it only on hard axing, I'd toko as many hard words of you ob you can pick out of a dictionary—I will ’fcamal death to me. But as for madam, thar, the angel, she eaved my life, and I go to uosth in her Bar vice; andnow’B tho time to show sarrice, for thur’s danger abroad in tho forest." " Danger !” echoed - Boland, his anxiety banishing the disgust with which he was so much inclined to regard the worthy horse* thiof; “what makes you say that V” i 44 Stranngor,” replied Ralph, with a length ened vissage and a gravity somowbat sar I prising for him, “ I seed the Jibbenainosay l 'tariml death to mo but I seed him, as plain as oyer I seed old Salt! I war a-lmuging thar, aud squeaking and. cussing, and talking soft nonsense to tuo pony, to keop him out of hia tautrume, whou what should I eeo but a groat crentur* come tramping through -tho forest, rieht of! yandcr by tho fallen oak, with a big b’ar before him-” 44 Pish !” said tho soldier,11 what has this to do with danger V” . “ Bcca’so and because,’’ said Ralph, " when you oco the Jibbonainos&y;, th&r;’a always ab borgyues (aborigines) in tho coyer. I nover seed tho ontter before, but I reokon it war ho, for thor's nothing like him in natur'. And so I'm for cutting out of tho forest jist on. the truck of a streak of lightning—now hy’yar now thar, but ou a full run without stopping. And so, if anngoliferous madam is willing, thump mo round tho ’arthwitha crab-applo, if I don't help her out of tho bushes, ana do all the fighting into the bargain—I will, ’t&raol; death to mo 1" 41 You may go about your business,” said Ronald, with as much sternness as contempt. We will have uono of your base company." t4WhoopJ whoo, whoo, whooJ don’t riflo , (to riflo—to rulllo) me, for I’m dangerous !’’ | yollod tho domhbarbariun, springing on his I stolen horso, and riding up to Edith. 44 Say 1 tho word, inarm,” ho crlod, 44 for I’ll flght for ' you, or run for you, tako soalp or cut stick, shako fist or show leg, anything iu reason or out of reason. Strunngor, Uiar’sus brush (brash —rash, headstrong, ovor-valiant) as a new hound in u b’ar fight, or a young boss in a cornfield, and no satefriondin a forost. Say tho word, inarm, or if you think it nr’nt man ners to spoak to a stranger, jist shake your littlo finger. andBll follow you like a dog, and do you a dog’s sarvico. Or, if you don’t like mo,* say tho word, or shako t’other finger, and ’tiirnal death to mo, but I'll be olT like au elk of the prairies 1" 41 You may go,” said Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpole’s character and conversation ; 41 wo havo no occasion for your assistance.” 44 Farewell!” said Ralph, and turning and giving his pony a thump with his fist and a kick with oach heel, and uttering a shrill whoop, ho darted away through the forost, and was eoou out of night. (.TO UK CONTINUED.) 