THE:RIVAL CLAIMANTS. (Corit"nued from lr last.) ".Noral Nora, darling I are youn theca '' zThere iwas a moment of.breathle'a sus pense, then a aswift rush iwa heard within' the little room; a low, passaio:ate, eager cry soundid 'on the other aide of the door, and eont answered, in her hrlgh, sweet voice, broken iow, and Ipating : ."' Larry!.Itn'snot LarryT'? In the aild joy and excitement of that moment the young Lord O'Neil forgot his prudence, and the proximis?of the young girl's enemies. With a joyful exclamation he wrenched the wooden bar that guarded the door from its sockets, and pulled the door open. And then a slight, girlish figure came fluttering out into the fire-lit room-a figure with floating, dusky hair, and a white, eager face, lit up by a pair of dusky, passionate eyes. And this figure flew ro his arms as to a rightful home. "NoralNora l"cried O'Neil, his soulin his voice. The girl answered with hysterical laughter and tears. " Oh, Larry, I've been longing for you to come to me," she said, her voice quiver ing. You don't know what I've suffered since I left Point Kildare I Take me away, please I Where are theFogartya ?" His lordship started as they were re called to his mind. "They are out on the rocks, looking for the wreck of their emaclr," said, aomiling: "Butthow pale and t in ,cu starved and ill-tiraed, it's asy to e; but that's all over! We'lt be going now." He put his arm around her slender waist, and drew her toward the door. "'One moment," said Nora. "Wait ono momont, Larry." " She broke from his clasp and ran into the inner room, returning immediately with herhatand cloak on. Then she put her arm in his, signifying her readiness for departure. Too late ! They had not taken a step toward the threshold when the door was burst open, and old Fogarty, and his wife, bringing with them the wreck of the broken lantern, which had fallen on the rocks, rushed into the room. " The other lantern I" cried old RIough. "Av the halloo was ginewine, we must look for the byes. Av it were the cry of some murtherin' ghost, we ought to know it. Oh. begorra I What's this ?" His glances had rested upon the young pair. his terror and astonishment, he Ieaped back several paces, uttering a shrill yell. ' This yell was echoed by Mrs. Fo garty, irho followed her retreating spouse with such impetus as to knock the rem nant of the lantern from his hand. " A-a ghost I" ejaculated old Rough. "A spalpeen of a man who wants to rob us of our five pounds a week," cried Mrs. Fogarty, more sensible than her husband, "Bate him off, Rough I 'Way with ye, ye miserable thafe-" "You are not very choice in your terms of address, madam," observed Lord O'Neil, coolly. "But I am willing to overlook your discourtesy, in considera tion of your excitement-" "Ananu!" exclaimed .the utterly be wildered Mrs. Fogarty. " Spake Eng lish, will ye, ye blackguard 1" " Certainly I will I" declared his lord ship, with a quizzical smile. "I am here to take away this lady, and I'll give you just one minute to get away from that door, so that we can pass out. D' ye mind that, nowl" he added, with an as u ro'gue that would have done creditt a native of Kerry. Mrs. Fogarty understood now, but by the sullen, angry look on her face, one might judge she was no better pleased than before. Old R6ough had by this time recovered from his temporary paralysis, and was now himself again. He closed the door, bracing his broad back'against it, demanding, surlily: "Who are ye know? And what are ye wantin' ?" " I have no objections to telling you who. I am," returned the intruder, his bold blue eyes looking from one to the other of the grotesque couple. "I am 'Lord O'Nuil of County Antrimn--" "Wild Larry of the GlenP" asked F,s arts. The same. And what I'm wanting is this young lady, the Lady Nora Kit dare, my 'promised wife. I've traced her here, and I shall take her hence with me." '"Not while I am to the fore," said old Fogarty, grimly. " Wheheer ye're Wild LIrry of the Glen, or whether ye're some mud-larkin' blackguard from Dublin or beyant, I don't know. What I do know is, that while the young lady sta1s here for country boord I'm her natheral pro- tector. I'm paid five pound a week kap ing her, and kape her I will I" " We'll see about that," said Wild Larry, his blue eyes flashing. "You can let the Lady Nora go peaceably, or you can let her go after you have your" head broken. Take your :hoice." " I'll have a fight for her anymow !" said Fogairty, resolutely. Ann. quit yer snivelling and fetch me my shillalhd. The one I had over to Kilkeel. mind." Mrs. Fogarty ran to bring the desired weapon, a great knotted blickthorn stick on the shelf, over the fire, and handed it to her husband.' He fleurishbd it over his head, cutting the sir with it sharply. ' "' 'm sp'iling for a fight," he observed. with increasinu, .grimness. ".Ye won't "nMke t vo hitee fore me, Wild Larry. M3ayhe: y? riot ,eard w iy' thae --ie ,Ieubh." Il's the fighting blocs in me. It's from Limerick I came in the old times, and down in Limerick they.whisEk a man over for looking at ye." Now,, I give you a chance. Walk out o' that door alone, and ye may go." "I'll go when I get ready, and not alone," remarked Lord O'Neil, quietly. '" generally do as I please Mister Fo garty. ' Mtaybe ye aint heard why they call me' \VWid Larry. Well, I'll show l1-i turned to the young girl clinging to his arm, anmd put liher from him gently and tenderly, smiling into her anxious SSit'do'n" aa minute, darling," he said, in a low voice. " I must just-give this old fellow alesson. Have no fearm." SHis onfident smile re-assured Lady Nora. She sat down on a bench near the slos- lbrning fire. " "Cntne on I" cried Fogarty, waving his bigshlillalalh, and uttering a cry that would have done credit to the "Bull of Baslhon." ': Com oh, will yees? I want to give "the taste of Limerick timber I Come o" 'm coming 1" said wild L:arry, amil Anid he ivent !'i Oie switbuiad brough~t him to biod RIkshi"'?sdi.c Fogarty raised his club to rush or fell:thie audaciouns young fellttvho bit,'wittl .: (tt's ni'eint' a knocked the weaplon ,,ut u ls m old me:: c hand to the floor. And before Fogarty could stoop t, pick itup the young lord had casignt it up. "I've come, you.ece."-ho said, still smiling. "Do you want to feel ily pre sence also ?" As he spokehe gave theold man a play ful tapping on either side of the head with the shillalah.' Pogarty'a rage at this point was fearful to witness. He had long been the bully of the coast, and was noted as a brawler. and fighter. To have his'laurels tirn from him by "a youngaristocrat," to he. disgraced in the eyes of his own wife, who had the family veneration for musile, and contempt for physical weakness, was not to be borne. With a yell and a roar, he hurled him. self against the young lord. "Let 'em fight fair I" muttered the old woman, seating herself on a bench and' rocking her body to and fro. " Let 'em fight fair I But Rough will beat. He al ways does." The Lady Nora could scarcely keep back the cry of fear that trembled on.her lips. Yet even in that moment she could not resist a thrill of admiration, as her lover'a bright and dauntless face and lithe, active figure flashed again and again across her vision. He did not look like one to be easily beaten. He looked rather, in his bold, spirited attitudes, like one born to be a conqueror in everything he undertakes-like one who knows " no such word as fail" Presently his lordship flung away the shillalah, and a vigorous hand to hand con flict succeeded. The white, firm hands of Wild Larr mmelledhis adversary with crushingfo e, now parrying a blow, now. the red d puffyface of the biold smug gler. "All th's gone has been play," said Lord O''eil, when old Pogarty began to pant for br lsth. "This is earnest." He accompanied the words with a blow no unexpiected, add so stunning, delivered full upon the fisher's thick skull, that the old man reeled and stumbled to the floor, where he lay for a moment half stupefied. "It was a fair fight-a fair fight I" muttered old Mlrs. Fogarty, rocking her self with greater vehemence. "Old Rough has met his match at last-and and," she added, under her breath, " I'm glad of it I" The fallen man glared up at his con queror. The latter looked down upon him un ruffled, unperturbed, and smiling easily. " Now you know why they call me Wild Larry,"said the younglord, quietly. "Aye, I know.' grunted old Fogarty; "I know to my cost. And why didn't they call ye the divil. while they were naming ye?" "Hearing you praise your Limerick blood," remarked Lord O'Neil, '" I thought I'd let you know the quality of Antrim blood. You see, my good man, that Antrim isn't far behind Limerick. Perhaps now," he added, as the burly Fogarty struggled to his feel, "you might like a look at this ?" He drew out his pistol, the one he had purchased in Dublin, and turned it over carelessly in his hands. Old Rough and his wife uttered ex clamations of terror. Like many who pride themselves on physical prowess, they had an exaggerated horror of fire arms. Old Fogarty, blinded and dizzy, staggered to a seat. "Put up yer fowling-piece, my lord," he said, humbly enough. "For the first time in my life I've found my better. Av ye lived in County Down, Id move outof it. I have nothing more to say." "I presume not," observed the young lord," smiling coolly. " And now we will leave you to search for Mike and Tom, whom you seem to have temporarily forgotten." Wild Larry took up the small parcel of the Lady Nora's effects, gave the young girl his arm, and led her to the door. He opened it, and they passed out together into the lonely, dreary night, with its dun, heavy shadows, its chill autumn wind, and the roaring murmur of the sad But to the young Lady Nora thh night was gloriously beautiful. Had she not been saved from a fearful bondage by the one she loved beat on earth, and was not Larry with her now ? The lovers did not speak until they had crossed the garden patch and gained the high road beyond. Then Lord O'Neil gathered the young girl to his heart, and she whispered softly, as his kisses fell upon her perfumed hair: "This moment pays me for all I The future looks dark to me, Larry, but this moment has brightness to gild all its glooml" "There'll be no more trouble for you, darling," cried the young lord, in his passionate joy. 'No one shall ever again dare to harm you.. As old Fogarty says, ' I'm to the fore.' I shall never lose sight of you again." CHAPTER XXXI, \- TAB THE OFPFNIVS. Lord O'Neil conducted the young Lady Nora along the road to the patch of shrubbery in the shelter of which his horse was waiting. The lovers walked leisurely, lving no fear that old RIough Fogarty sould again attack them, or willinglys'encounter the risk of another pummelling from the hands of the young noblemen. _f1idy wrie right. The old ex-smuggler 5sa too {orou.hly iniite1sd c '.d moralise " to' eutertiii a ihoaghta of attempt g to recover his late -captive. Besides lihe was still' stunned and be wilder '; his head was dizzy, and half of his ordnary strength had deserted him. In short, he was in no condition to go to war with his recent conqueror. On arriving at the spot where his horse was'secured, a new diffculty presented itelf. How was the Lady Nors to ride winhout a lady's e addle The young girl solved the question for herself. " I can easily maniage," she said, cheerfully, seeing her lovers look of dis inay. "The horse is strong enough, and can easily carry double. I will ride be hind you. Larry, and clingtoyau, so that to fall off would be impossible. Let us .Tihey did try it, and the young lord thought the arrangement admirable when he felt the slender, clinging arm around his waist. lHe decided in his own toind that he could not have improved upon thia plrn if he lhad tried. Giving rein to his horse, the rode out ?ii v the highway, pursuing the read to ulckeml. And as they rdu slowly aloig; theyp talked Li lover's fa iion. Presently whe.lhisa first transports at their re-union and at Nora's safetvy began to be succeeded by a ,alm reflectiveness. his lordship said : " ."Ah, Nora, I never knew howlI loved you tillrtheso'perilseo'ertook you I rshall never dare to let you go front me anin. Michael Kildare has proved' himself an unworthy guardian, and he must never assumo authority overyou again. When I went to Dublin, in obedience-to Alleen MLthon's summons, and went with her to Yew Cottage, and made my way to your little dark prison cell. 1 vowed within myself that this false kinsman of yours should never have you in his charge again. I can hardly believe that that little soft-voiced, mild-eyed, deprecating mlan is the villain at heart he has proved hiamself. I can hardly credit the fact that le shut you up to compel.you to marry the new earl 1" " Hb did worse than that, Larry." "WVorse. Nora ' I "Yes. He hired Mrs. Fogarty's son to kill me I" Lo.d O'Neil uttered an exclamation of horror. "It is true, Larry," alfirlmed the'Lady Nora, aorrowfully and.gravely. "He hired Tim Fogarty to convey me out to sea, and push me overboard, or throw me over. when I should fall asleep. And Fogarty would have obeyed. him to the letter but that he fancied it would be a better speculation to keep me alice. Oh, Larry, you will hardly believe the baseo ness and treachery of Michiell And I.loved him so, Larryl I trusted him "Dut there must be aoSoe hideous. fr 'htful mistake in all this I'l cried Iwrd O' eil, with a shudder.:r ":lydarliug,, 'e s bun te is Ituciosm in ste of fioel d awsful ing per u -'And at little, soft, shilng, dappr man-he o has always seemied to loe you bo could he deliberately plan to destroy your yduig life i-to kill you because you re fused to marry the man he dsired? .It is incredible. Nora, Nora, darling, you have been deceived. It is im possible i" : (To be continuea.) 