A BEAUTIFUL SINNER., This was the message which had blanched Dorothea's cheek and given her face a worn, anxious look. The telegram had been sent on from Ha sted. Already precious time had been lost. 'I cannot eat any breakfast,' she said, impatiently, as the attendant brought in the savoury meal. 'Alice, I must start by the next train. I am very sorry to leave you, but I have no choice; I must go to my aunt.' 'Take me too,' pleaded Alice; 'I may be of some use; I understand illness.' 'I dare not take you,' answered Doro thea; the illness may be infectious, and then Mr. Ainold would not thank me for exposingyou to it,' .' My.,danger would be no greater than yours.' ' But I am my own, and you belong to someone else that miakes such a differ ence.'. . : Alice was silent. .Inexpressibly she dreaded being left' alone, yet she could not be selfish enough to attempt to keep ,Dorotheafrom her aunt. 'You are quite safe now,' said Doro then, tenderly; 'you are in no more danger.than if the Aston Mystery. had never been. The law directs that no prisoner be tried twiCe for the same offence,. so that if they had proof upon proof that you killed your cousin no harm could come to you.' 'What shall I do, Dora?' asked Alice, getitly. ' Shill I wait for you here, or if there.is no chance of infection will you let-me come on to you,' 'I will think about it and telegraph from London. At present it seems to me this is the safest place for you. At this hotel they know everythling. I think they 'took my view of the Aston'Mystery. If you [went among strangers it might be different.' After the pretende of breakfast there were a few minutes of hurried packing, then Mrs. Hardy sent for the mistress of the hotel and commended Miss Tracy to her care during her absence. The woman promised readily to see after the young lady. From the first she had taken a strange interest in Dorothea, and she was glad to be able to do anything to oblige her. uvercoming her dread of belug seen in the public streets, Alice drove with Dorothea to the station. They talked 'but little by the way. Dora was strangely upset, and Alice had 'enough to do to hide from her friend her sorrow at being left alone. Only when they stood on the platform did it occur to Mrs. Hardy to say to her friend: ' Remember, dear, if I am detained, or if you are not comfortable, you have Duke Hardy's address. Don't scruple to go or write to him if you want a friend.' " I think Mr. Hardy has done enough for me already.' 'He will not mind doing more; he-is a staunch friend when be is a friend at'all, and you are one of his special friends, Alice.' ' I wish you didn't hate him so,' said Alice, impulsively. 'I think Mr. Hardy would like to be your friend if only you would let him, Dora.'. - The train came steaming up. Dorothea easily evaded a reply.. She kissed Alice warmly,, bade her take care of herself and write to her often, then there was a .shrill whistle, and a great ringing of bells. A moment later Alice Tracy stood alone on the platform, and the train had whirled her friend rapidly out of sight. It was a sad, long drive back to the hotel. Although she was .no coward; although, as Dora had told her, she could never again be tried on suspicion of Lord Aston's murder, yet Alice.felt miserably ill at ease. Through the last .two months she had leant so completely on Dora that Sshe was more like a young tree without support than the girl who at Aston Manor had been obliged to act often on her own resources. . ' Alice had nothing..to complain of at the hotel. "Every servant kniew perfectly well who she was and what'she had been accused of, but not one with whom she came in contact failed to treat her with the respect due to a lady. But no care, no politeness could pre .vent the hours of that March day from :: dragging heavily to Alice Tracy. The 'space between dinner and tea seemed double its usual length; the interval . between tea and supper was simply inter minable, and Alice finally lighted herself a candle and retired to rest at the prema. ture hour of half-past nine, wishing from the bottom of her hecart Mrs. Stone had not fixed upon the present time to be ill and require her niece's kind companion ship, and also just as intensely that infec tion or no -infection she had clung bravely'to Dorothea, and refused to be ', left behind. ' ' It was h'ours before she went to sleep. ' When she awoke the spring' sun was \- pouring into the room, announcing to. the sleeper as plainly as words , could speak that it was time to -get up. , The brightness of the day banished the gloomy. thoughts that had so disturbed Alice the night before. She went down to break:. fast in the best of spirits. To her sur prise a telegram was on' the -table addressed to herself. - - *'DOROTHEA HARDY, Charing Crosn " Hotel, to Alice Tracy, Edinburgh.; Tod late for my going to Brussels to beeof any: use, I am going straight home. Come ; up by the same train I left .by yesterday, and one of the servants shall meet you at King's Cross.' ' It was very unlike Dora's style, but as Alice knew, telegrams are always abrupt, She never doubted this one was sent by her frieno; she uniderstood irom it that Mrs. Stone was dead, and- her. niece in b. herisorrowful surprise had gone straight to her obwn country home, there to hide : her grief in solitude. . The'part of the message which most ,.puipzzled Alice was that a servant would . meet'her at King's Cross. She had :travelled alone before, Surely alter mtaking the long journey from Scotland, t to London she could manage the trifling one from London to Bromley. The train arrived at midnight. Mlost of the servants at The Grange were young; it seemed the strangest arrangement imagin able. No thought of opposing it ever came to Alice Tracy. She rang for the landlady, and explaining the position to her, packed up her few possessions, and was driven to the railway station in ample time for the train specified. She had a rapid and . very pleasant journey to London, \- and although she sympathised with her friend's sorrow, she was very glad that . she was so soon to meet Dorothea again. As the train glided into the terminus she wondered what was her next plan. To go' on to Keston would be impossible. Surely it would be better to put up at an hotel till the morning. She had not long '- to wait. A trim, superior-looking servant ' came to the carriage door. * My mistress sent me, miss,' after she had duly inquired if Alice were Miss Tracy. 'She thought you would not like to go to an hotel alone.' ' Is Mrs. Hardy pretty well?' asked Alice, eagerly. 'How does she bear the news of Mrs. Stone's death?' 'It is a hard blow to her, miss. They were more like mother and daughter than aunt and niece always.' They were driving away now in a cab. A sudden thought came to Alice what position her companion could hold at the Grange, she could be nothing less than an upper servant, and Alice thought she had seen all these. ' I do not remember your face at all,' she said, wonderingly. 'I thought I had seen all the household at the Grange.' 'I don't live at the Grange always, miss. My sister, Mrs. Hill, is housekeeper there, and I generally stay with her when the mistress is away. Mrs. Hardy sent me to meet you because the regular servants were over young and quite strangers in London.' So that was explained. Alice did not like the woman, despite her civility and her relationship to the kind old house keeper. There was upon her the uncom fortable feeling that she had known this woman before. She tried in vain to con quer the conviction; it was too strong for her. Certainly her prejudice seemed un founded. The servant waited on her with every mark of respect, unpacked the few necessary articles of toilette she would require for the night, brushed out her golden hair, and did everything in her power to make her comfortable. But first impressions arevery powerful. In spite of all her kindness Alice was very glad when the door closed on her. Five minutes afterwards she was asleep, but her sleep was troubled and uneasy. In all her dreams she saw Lady Aston stand ing over her with a cruel smile on her beautiful face. It was ten o'clock in the day when bshe awoke, and the maid stood before her with a tray on which was arranged a dainty breakfast. Alice despatched the coffee and new-laid egg and was soon ready to get up. Soon after eleven they were on their journey. 'It is very strange,' said Miss Tracy, as they entered a first-class carriage at Lud gate Hill; 'I got up very late, and yet I am so sleepy I can hardly keep my eyes open.' 'But think of your journey yesterday, miss, it's no wonder you're a little tired.' 'A little tired i' It was more than that; Never in her whole life had Alice felt anything like the overpowering drowsiness which was stealing over her now. She fought against it bravely, but in vain. Long before they reached Bromley her head had fallen back, and she was utterly unconscious of all passing around her. When Alice came to herself she was sitting in a large, pleasantly-furnished drawing-room with her late fellow traveller and a tall, masculine-looking lady dressed in black. The room was one she had never been in before; of that she was quite sure. She put her hand to her head and tried to collect her thoughts. Everything felt in confusion. She was as one in a maze. How did she come there? Who were these two women ? Where was Dorothea ? What did it all mean ? Such questions as these rushed rapidly through her brain, and it was long before she could recall sufficent memory.to solve them. At last slowly it came back to her-the hurried journey from Scotland, the night at the hotel, and the starting for Bromley, her own sleepiness, How long was that ago ? It bad been morning-now it Wvas afternoon-then would it be the same day. The doubt was soon solved-on the centre table stood a pretty contrivance for telling tlie date of the March, only four days since her trial. Her two companions noted the direction of her eyes. • She is awake now, I think,' said the one who had met Alice at King's Cross. Alice sat spell-bound, unable to speak -her tongue seemed unable to do her bidding. The lady in black came up to her. 'I am glad to see you, my dear; I hope we shall be able to make you com fortable.' The sound of the clear, hard voice seemed to break the spell. Alice started to her 'eet. 'There is some mistake,' she cried, wildly. 'Madam, what house is this? Where.am I?' . 'Ydu are at Sunnyside, my dear; and we will do our best to make you at home.' : 'I :can't' stop here,' returned Miss Tracy resolutely. ' I must continue my journey. I :am expected at Kestoi to night ' 'That is the story she always tells,' ptit ini the' second woman. ' She must go to Keston at once, at odce;: she says she has: a friehd there waiting for her; on every other point she is as sane as you SI. , . . :As sane' as yqu or I,' those words told a fright(ul tale to Alice; this was a mad house.' 'lnideed, indeed l' she cried, implor. ingly, "'I am not mad. I don'l know who she is,' pointing to' the person who had accompanied her from London. 'Ther'e is some terriblemistake. Let me go to Dora.' 'No one thinks you are mad,"-repeated the lady in black, reassuringly. 'You only reqeire a little care and attention. This is not a madhouse, it is a house for people who are not quite strong. I have two or three other young people, and :I amisure:they will tell you they like being at Mrs. !Deane's very much.' '1It isdill a mistake,' cried Alice. 'I never.saw this woman till yesterday; she was sent to *me at the elstation, and she brought me here.' 'Mrs. :;Collins,' said the lady of the house, 'I think' you had better go-you only excite her. Assure the countess we will do all in our power for her sister.' 'The countess !' gasped Alice. ' Do you mean Lady Aston?' But no answer came. Mrs. Deane was busy conferring with her visitor. Alice spoke again: ' Will you tell me by whose authority I have been brought here ?' 'Hush,' said Mis. Deane, laying one hand on her shoulder, 'do not make such a noise; you will be very happy at Sunnyside, and when you are better you shall go home again.' bhe woman who had been called Mrs. Collins rose to take her departure. ' My lady will be glad to hear you are in safe keeping, miss,' she observed, as she passed Alice. 'You will remember, Mrs. Deane, her ladyship's instructions are that Miss Vavaseur receives no visitors and writes no letters.' Leaving Alice Tracy with a look of agonised entreaty in her blue eyes,,having voluntarily helped tb inter a beautiful girl in a living prison, the maid left Sunny side; and, alter a seven miles' drive to the nearest station, returned to London and made her way to a small private hotel in Portman-street. On the sofa in a small upper sitting room, with a feverish glitter in her black eyes, and a flush too bright for that of health upon her cheeks, lay Sybil, Coun tess Dowager of Aston. It was not so very long since she held that private interview with George Arnold, but she was terribly changed since then. She was beautiful still, hers was a face which would never lose its loveliness, but an experienced eye could read that disease had commenced its work upon her frame; her passions were eating away her life. She had sold herself for gold, had put away every thought of happiness for gold. Too late she found the old love welling up in her heart. She sinned deeper then, and voluntarily removed the life that stood between her and her wishes; then came another check-the man she loved not wisely but too well had.let his heart stray into another's kIteeping. How Sybil, Lady Aston, had persecuted her rival you know. To-day she had finished her evil work; by her contrivance Alice had been lured to a home for the mentally deranged. It was a wicked scheme. You can guess it all. Lady Aston had, by bribery and other means, discovered a great deal of Dorothea Hardy's family history. She concocted the first telegram. Mrs. Hardy once re moved it was easy to tempt Alicy Tracy to London on the pretence of joining her. Drugs were plentifully administered in the coffee supplied to her by the obliging Collins. Before she had been ten minutes in the train she was unconscious; in this state she was conveyed to Mrs. Deane, a lady who received three or lour patients, and who lived in the wildest and loneliest part of Kent. Mrs. Deane's was not a madhouse; she only took people who required 'a little care.' She bad been at this calhlng for some years now, and had found it lucra tive. To do her justice, she treated her inmates kindly, and, as a rule, they were not quite in their right mind ; she honestly believed Alice Tracy, or Miss Vavasseur as she had been described to her, was such a one; the blame of the affair rested with Lady Aston, not with Mrs. Deane. The maid Collins, the same George Arnold had seen at The Manor, went straight up to the sofa and looked at her mistress with a strange expression of con tempt. 'It is done,' she said shortly. 'Miss Tracy is not likely to trouble you again.' A look of triumph came into Sybil's eyes. 'You can go home, my lady, and catch Mr. Arnold if you can,' went on the maid, insolently; but I've done enough in the business now. I shouldn't care to be mixed up in anything else. Give me the money agreed on and let me go.' How her words relieved the countess. She had come to fear this woman as she had never feared anyone in all the world: only Collins entirely knew her evil secrets : others might guess them one other did a little more-but the only one who had positive proof against her was Collins. So, while Alice Tracy in the agony of her grief was a prisoner at Sunnyside, Sybil, Lady Vavasseur, counted out to her maid the price of her silence, and the maid took it greedily and left her. The maid, like the mistress had sinned for gold. We know gold bronght little happiness to Sybil. It was a strange coincidence that Collins sailed three days afterwards for America carrying with her her precious board, and the ship went down with every soul on board. CHAPTER XL. DI)OROTHEA HARDY never paused on her journey from Scotland to Belgium, save when she was pssitively forced to do so by the arrangement of railway com panies and steamboats. So far from telegraphing to Alice from London, she never paused even half an hour in that busy capital. Her love and anxiety for Alice seemed for a moment lost in her love and anxiety for the aunt she had looked on as a mother. Weary, travel- stained, worn out by alternate hopes and fears, she presented herself at the door of the English chap lain's pretty white stone villa. A maid admitted her whose unmistakeably British face inspired her with relief. SHow is Mrs. Stone? I hope she is better ?' 'Mrs. Stone, ma'am ?' with respectful surprise. 'She has not been ill.' Five minutes more and Dorothea was in her aunt's arms weeping bitterly; the suspense had been too much for her. After all these weeks of anxiety and worry this new trouble had completely over tasked her strength. She clung nervously to ber aunt, utterly unable to explain how she came there or what had summoned her. Mrs. Stone loved the young widow as her own child; she knew no light thing would have troubled her thus. Tenderly sooth ing her she begged her to tell her what was grieving her. Dorothea gave her 'the cruel telegram. 'But, my dear, who could have sent this ? I never was better in my life.' 'It was cruel,' sobbed Dora. 'Who could have been so wtcked ?' Mrs..Stone was a good correspondent. She knew all about the fair young girl whomMrs. Hardy had engaged as com panion, and whose history had proved so strange and tragic. She had praised Dora for her generous defence of her friend. She never linked Alice Tracy's story with the forged telegrams. Her son, who came in presently to welcome his cousin, was msore sharp-sighted. 'It is as clear as day,' observed the clergyman. 'This poor Miss Tracy. evi dently has many enemies. They do not dare to touch her while you are.with her, Dorothea, but the moment you are gone their opportunity comes. They send a telegram to entice you away.' 'I do not understand,' replied the young widow, putting one hand to her aching bead, 'They cbuld not try her over again.' 'Lady Aston was influenced by per sonal dislike, Igathered from your letters.' 'Oh, yes; I think she hated Alice.' 'Well, if the poor girl fell into her power it would be easy enough for her to hide her so that she disappeared as com pletely as though she were dead.' 'Dead!' in amazement. ' Wbat do you mean ?i' But the Rev. Manus Stone was a little nettled. He had conceived a fine theory, and be was vexed when other people did not see its force. 'Have you never beard of lunatic asy lums ?' he asked, bluntly. 'For a woman mn Lady Aston's position it would not be an impossibility to immure a patient in one withllout her consent.' 'A lullatic asylum,' gasped Dorothea, 'And I have exposed her to it; it is my doing.' And then, with a bitter sob, her head fell back on the cushion, and her two hands hung listlessly by her side. The blow was too much. After a year of per fect ease Dorothea had suddenly been exposed to three months of constant anxiety. She had lived, so to speak, in terror of a coming trouble. Barely three days before that terror was removed; the law had not condemned her friend. She had planned, a tranquil happiness for them both, and now a danger more awful than any she had dreamed of arose, and it was her fault. Kindly hands bore the slender tCrm upstairs; kindly fingers took off the travelling dress, and strove by every means to restore consciousness; nothing seemed of any avail. Two hours after her fainting-fit Dorothea was lying on one of the dainty white beds smelling so sweetly of roses and lavender, her clear eyes still closed, her teeth clenched, her hands cold as ice. A doctor came promptly in reply to an urgent summons. No foreign luminary, but a clever English physician who, taking a holiday from overwork, chanced to be visiting in the village. He gave one look at the fair, pale face, and then he told Mrs. Stone that her niece was dangerously ill, 'Some terrible shock to the nerves,' observed the man of science, gravely. Brain fever is coming on rapidly.' His words were but too true. Before morning Dorothea was raving in all the wildness of delirium; her eyes bright with a feverish sparkle, two red spots burning in her cheeks, her small hands clasped together in an agony as she prayed them to save her, to shut her up and not to let Lady Aston get her. It was the one fancy of her delirium that the countess was pursuing her. It seemed to the poor, disordered brain that she and Lady Aston were racing each other from Scotland to Keston. Once arrived at Bromley she-Dora-would be safe, but she never quite got there. She was alwa)s on the way; but in spite of all her efforts she never gained the desired haven. Meanwhile, as Dorothea hovered be tween life and death, people in England began to wonder at her silence; the housekeeper at The Grange and the land lord at the Edinburgh Hotel both wrote to Duke Hardy for instructions. That gentleman himselt felt puzzled, it was un likehisprevious experience of Dorothea. He began to fear something had hap pened once more to trouble her as re. garded Alice. Our barrister was not a person to remain in doubt when that doubt could be solved. He thought as little of a journey to Scotland as of a morning walk, so he went over the border himself and interrogated the landlady pretty closely. The tale he heard bewildered him: Mrs. Hardy had been summoned to her aunt in Brussels, who was dangerously ill; on arriving at London she found her aunt was dead, and her journey to Belgium was, therefore, useless; she telegraphed to Miss Tracy to join her there--here all clue failed. It was the strangest story Duke had ever heard, and one that annoyed him greatly; even though he detested Dora he did not like to think of her as myste riously lost. She seemed, so to say, to have vanished off the face of the earth, to have gone like a shadow-no one knew whither. Duke Hardy remembered one who would be as anxious as himself to discover anything that concerned Alice Tracy. He took the first train to Halsted and astonished George Arnold by a morning visit at Trent Park. Very simply, very calmly he put the facts of the case before the excaptain. George listened as one in a dream. 'The first question,' concluded Duke, *'is are they together or separate? That once solved the rest will be easy enough.' 'Separate,' returned George Arnold, after only a moment's pause; 'if they were together we should have heard. Supposing Miss Tracy ill Mrs. Hardy would have written, I feel sure of it.' '.I am not. I believe they are together.' 'And why ?' 'Devotion such as that shown by Mrs. Hardy to her friend is so rare that if they were separated it must be against their own wills.' ' I quite agree to that.' 'Then your theory is nipped in the bud -if they are separated against their own wills they would. come to me for help,' George looked bewildered. 'It is the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of --here, in the nineteenth century, two ladies disappear so entirely that not a trace of them remains.' 'It appears to me,' :resumed Duke, grimly, 'that someone ought to act and act promptly, Raymond Hardy left me guardian to his widow. I feel responsible in a manner for her safety.' . Do you mean you think there is any danger?' in a strange husky voice. 'Would you tell me that either Alice or her friend has been made to disappear ?' There was no mistaking hIis meaning. Duke did not attempt to evade the ques tion. 'I think there has.been foul play some where. People don't forge telegrams for nothing.' 'What shall you do? You have no proof the telegram was forged. 'I shall have proofs enough soon, I am going over to Brussels at once.' 'But your clients?' said George, in amazement. 'It is the Easter vacation. For the matter of that, Mrs. Raymond Hardy is a client hIerself.' ' I think,' said George, gravely, 'it would be better to go to Londoan to en deavour to find out about the train Miss Tracy travelled by. It was due very late at King's Cross; it is barely three weeks ago; surely someone will remember the fact of her arrival.' ' We can try your plan as well as mine. I declare I see no light in the affair either way. Where's the countess ?' 'Which one ?' ' The dowager.' 'At the Manor; the little countess and her sisier are there too, and Mrs. Brown with them. They happened to be there on a visit when Lady Aston come back from England, and I could hardly make them leave at once, it would have been too marked an insult.' 'I thought your opinion was the chil dren were unsafe with Lady Aston.' 'They are not exactly with her-Mrs. Brown takes excellent care of them; the Manor's a large place, I don't suppose they see their stepmother een once a day.' 'Your opinion of herladyship seems to have improved.' 'It is just the same as it was a month ago; but I can prove nothing, and I do not want to cornme to open warfare.' 'And yousay the lady has been to England ?' 'Yes; she did one very wise thing left her maid behind her, and she has gone abroad, I believe. I have often thought that maid knew more than she chose to say.' 'So does Lady Aston. I expect she could help us to find Miss Tracy and Mrs. Hardy if she chose.' 'I have not seen her since her return, but I honestly believe she has no share in the strange disappearance which so baffles us.' ' It will not baffle me long,' resolutely. ' I mean to come to the bottom of it.' 'I'll go with you to Belgium if you will let me.' You had better stay here,' with a strange excpression of his dark eyes; from what I have been told this morning there's plenty of work lying here ready to your hand.' ' What sort of work ?' in real surprise. 'When the verdict of 'Not Proven' was given at Edinburgh last month neither you nor I belikved it. I fancy Mr. Arnold, the time has come for disproving it.' ' How ?' Only that one little word, but what a weight of eager anxiety was compressed into it. 'Are you superstitious ?' 'Don't jest !' cried Arnold, hotly, 'I can't stand it.' 'I would never jest on an important subject. If I am to help you, you must let me choose my own manner. Once more, are you superstitious ?' 'Not for a Scotchman. The people round about here the most blindly credu lous set in the world.' 'I thought so.' 'Why?' 'Have you heard their last idea ?' 'No.' 'It is reported that Lord Aston's ghost has returned to haunt the Manor. It is said that for more than a fortnight this ghost has paced up and down the lime-tree walk evening at dusk.' 'Rubbish! as though anyone could believe such nonsense.' 'Everyone believes it. I have made inquiries. Two of the Manor servants have been frightened into fits. My lady herself is not quite proof against it.' 'How comes it that you hear this story the instant you set foot in the place ? I never even suspected it.' 'It concerns you as the trustee to put down such gossip for the children's sake, therefore care is taken not to let it come to your ears.' 'I'll put a stop to it pretty quickly.' 'If you take my advice you'll do no such thing. Never interfere with spirits; it's dangerous. 'YoU don't mean you believe it ?' 'I don't believe in ghosts. I believe someone paces up and down the lime-tree walk. There's nothing done without a motive. This person is playing the ghost for a purpose; it rests with you to find out what.' 'Well, I shall keep watch tonight.' 'Good ! I'll come with you.' Soldier and barrister kept their resolu tion. At eight o'clock they entered the lime-tree walk, and concealing themselves in a rustic arbour, commenced their watch. SI don't believe in it,' said Arnold, when they had been there a good half-hour and seen nothing. 'Perhaps someone warned Mr. Ghost of our intention.' SHark ! What was that ?' Duke's quick ear caught a slight sound. They listened breathlessly. A minute more and a figure advanced slowly towards them-a man of Lord Aston's height tind figure, with the peculiar bowed, feeble appearance which had of late so grown upon the peer. The face was ghastly white; the fingers thin and bony; the hair white and long. Arnold uttered a sharp cry. In spite of his professed unbelief, he had a slight touch of Scotch superstition. For an instant he really believed he was in the presence of his godfather's spirit. CHAPTER XLI. MARMADUKE Hardy looked at his com panion with an air of half amusement; he had no sympathy whatever with the shade of superstition in George Arnold's nature, He stepped softly from the arbour, and stretching out one hand, took hold of the apparition's arm with a firm grip, while with the other he clutched at the venerable white locks, which, as be fully anticipated, came off in his hand, disclosing a fine crop of short black curls. Having gone thus far, and Mr. Ghost be ginning to kick and struggle in a most un spiritual fashion, Duke called out : 'Arnold, come here quickly !' George, rushing to the rescue, beheld the cidevant ghost writhing in the'bar rister's grasp and transformed into a very earthly personage. 'Get my handkerchief out of my pocket,' directed Duke. When it was given him the barrister cleverly bound the hands of the supposed ghost, who was then pretty helpless. . ' Now, my. man,' began Duke, leading him back to the arbour and placing him. self on one side of him while George Arnold took the other, 'what were you doing here ?' 'The man muttered something about 'a joke.' 'It's too cold for that,' said Duke, cooly. ' Mr. Arnold and I got very chilly waiting for you. No man in his sober senses would choose to walk about as you are on a night like this for a ' joke.' You camehere to:meet someone. Now wiho was it ?' ' Mr. Arnold admired Hardy's presence of mind and ready wit. He would hIave enjoyed pitching into the gbost himself, only he thought it a pity to disturb the cross-examination. 'Look here, my man,' went on Duke after a pause, 'you can take your choice -make a clean breast of your business here, or else go to prison on the charge of being about thie Manor for a felonious purpose.' 'She wouldn't dare to have the law against me,' triumphantly. ' Lady Aston most certainly would not appear as a witness against her accom plice, but Mr. Arnold here, the guardian of the young countess, will be quite ready to prosecute you.' 'Wlho said I was the couttess's accom plice?' asked the man sullenly. ' Great ladies don't have to do with poor folks like me.' 'Yes, they do sometimes,' returned Duke, with admirable calm. ' We know a little of Lady Aston's transactionr.s with you. You purchased for her a certain quantity of poison known as arsenic, for which she paid you handsomely.' 'If she's been and told you of .course the game's up,' said tihe man with a blank look of despair. 'I'd never have split on her,. though she didn't pay me hand. some at all." 'She was going to though, and you have been hanging about the Manor in this shameful disguise to meet her and receive your hush money. Blood money, really; for between you, you have almost lied away the life of an innocent girl.' 'Scoundrel,' burst forth George, ve hementl,, 'I like to break every bone in your body.' 'Softly,' interrupted Mr. Hardy, ' I don't go so far as that. Now look here,' turning to the pretended ghost, 'you have nothing to gain by making us your enemies. It only rests with yourse)f whether you leave us to night with a nice little sum of money in your pocket, or whether we give you up to the police; please yourself.' 'I dinna want ta gae agin ye,' began the man, waxing very Scotch in his excite' ment, then calming down. 'It's all my leddy's fault, every bit.' ' My money's as good as Lady Aston's.' said Arnold, cheerfully. ' Come, tell me how much she was going to give you.' 'She promised mue fifty pounds,' eagerly. 'She did, as true as my name's Jock Graham.' '~Well, you have got yourself into a pretty scrape, Mr. Jock, and I will confess that you sold yourself very cheap. Now listen to me; if I let you go free and give you sixty pouuds into the bargain I suppose you'd have no objection to answer a few questions?' 'I'd swear black was white to get myself out of this.' 'TiThat's more than we want. I only want you to tell us clearly what you know about Lady Aston.' Jock Graham was too frightened not to agree. From his story it sppeared that he worked at a large dyer's about ten miles from Aston, and his wages being small he augmented. them by acting as special carrier between Aston and Norton when be walked io the dyeing works every day, returning at night. Lady Aston had often entrusted parcels to his care, and he had spoken to her several times, when one day, just before she, with the earl, went up to London the last time, she asked him to procure her some arsenic. 'I told her,' protested Jock, 'it was against the rules to bring anything away from the dye works, but she said she must have the arsenic. Her maid could make a lovely green dye with it and she wanted some feathers dipped that shade. I begged her to let me take the feathers to Norton, but no, my lady would have her own way, and last February-not the one that's gone but February in last year-I brought up the arsenic.' 'February" muttered George; she began her plot early enough.' Mr. Jock went on to tell that he after wards saw the feathers and a lovely colour they were. My lady gave him two sovereigns, and he took her a good deal more arsenic, he couldn't say how much, enough to dye two dresses and a shawl, perhaps. He never thought anything about the matter till Lord Aston died and Dr. Brown said he had been poisoned. SAnd then ?' asked George, eagerly. 'Then I up and wrote to my lady and said if she wanted me to hold my tongue she must pay for it.' 'And she agreed ?' 'She took no manner of notice, and I came up here two or three times to scare her. The maid knew something about it, and till she went to furrin parts I held my tongue; but as soon as my lady came back ag'in I made up my mind to see her. I shouldn't ha' come ag'in, for I had a bit of a note this morning to say she'd meet me here to-night and give me fifty pounds if I'd keep a still tongue.' 'And you can swear to all this, my man ?' 'Yes; and I'm rather glad you catched me, for I feel a heap easier. Playing ghost ain't comfortable; it's very cold like as that gentleman said, and your hand's not light, sir, besides, my lady was just making a fool of me; she never came.' Jock Graham went home to Trent Park with its master and Mr. Hardy. When he left them he took sixty pounds in his pocket, and hIad put his name to a carefully written statement of his dealings with Lady Aston. By this time it waslate, past eleven, and Duke yielded to Mr. Arnold's hospitable persuasions to spend the night at the Park. The two men had much to talk over. George was very grave and quiet, his dearest hope was gained. There was little doubt that morning would see Alice's fair fame cleared, even from suspicion; but a fearful stain must rest for ever on the grand old name of the Astons, and an awful fate was surely coming on one who_ with all her faults, was yet his cousin. 'You don't Eeem so elaied as I ex pected,' remarked the banister. .: I fan-' cied there were reasons apart from humanity which interested you strongly in Miss Tracy's fate.'1 'It is the dearest, hope of.my life to make her my wife, but Hardy, weak as you may think me, I am sorry for the countess.'. ' She deserves no sorrow.' 'Not now; but I knew her as a child, later on as a lovely girl. I thought once, not three years ago, that she was the one woman in the whole world for me.' 'Then I can understand everything. The Aston mystery is clear as day. You became rich instead of poor, and Lady Aston repented her choice. She got rid of her husband to marry you.' 'Perhaps I' 'And she was jealous, of Miss Tracy ?' 'I never knew how she guessed my feelings in that quarter. . I thought the secret was known only to Mis Tracy and myself.' 'Well, you'll be married now, I sup pose ?' said Duke, cheerfully. 'Mrs. Hardy will lose her companion. I wish though we had found them.' George smiled. 'I think the best companion for Mrs. Hardy would be a husband; she is far too fair a specimen of womanhood to remain a widow.' No answer, unless a grunt exp:e;sing neither yes or no could be counted as such. 'I can never be grateful enough,' con tinued George, 'to Mrs. Hardy and your self, for all your goodness to Miss Tracy. But for your sister-inlaw I believe my poor girl's trouble would have well nigh killed her.' 'Mrs. Hardy is not my sister-in.law,' corrected Duke, who was peculiarly sensi tive on this subject, ' she is my cousin's widow.' 'Well, she is a sister any man might be proud of. Cousin-in-law is hardly any relation at all.' 'Nevertheless I prefer it,' Duke answered. 'XWill you go with me to the bailie to-morrow ?' 'To.morrowv will be a busy day.' 'Yes, I dread one part'of it, the ex planation with the countess. I was at the Manor to-day, but I did not see her. I went to fetch Lord Aston's desk as you once suggested to me. There is nothing in it but old letters: all in marvellous order.' 'I should like to see it.' George fetched the desk, an old. fashioned one, beautifully polished, and bearing the coronet ot the Astons, Mr. Arnold unlocked it and showed Manrma?. duke the exquisite order within. 'Do you mind my moving the letters? There, so.' And Duke displaced a small bundle and inserted his hand in the place thus cleared. He put his finger on an invisible spring, a partition flew back, disclosing a secret drawer. SHave you lor ..5 here ?' asked Duke coolly. George pushed open the drawer, it con. tained only one letter. Looking at it George saw that the seal was unbroken, and that it was addressed to himself, Marmaduke Hardy, with rare delicacy, left the room. He thought it fitting that George Arnold should be alone whilst reading that message from the tomb. He did not have to wait long before Mr. Arnold rejoined him with a pained, anxious face, and the open letter in his hand. 'Read that, please.' Duke took the sheet almost mechanic. ally. He saw the date was in November, about threelweeks before the earl's death. 'MY DEAR GEORGE, 'Last week I made a ne, will and left you and Alice Tracy sole guardians to my little girls. It will astonish you that my wife's name is not mentioned in the will, and save for her jointure she is left totally unprovided for. George, my second marriage was a mis. take. Although her face is beautiful, your cousin has the heart of a murderess. She has my title, enjoys my wealth, and she grudges me the few years I have to live, She married me for money; she would kill me now that she may marry another for love. I am in my sound senses, and I tell you she is killing me by repeated doses of poison, so small that their effect is almost unseen; she is hastening death,. You will ask why, perceiving this, I walk willingly to my destruction? George, my heart is broken; I don't care to live. From the moment I discovered my wife's tre. chery my life was as hateful to me as to her. I was an idiot to think a young girl would love me, but I have paid dearly for my folly. I could not expose Sybil-she is too dear to me for that ; but I have a fear, a vague misgiving, that when I am gone my death may be laid at the door of an innocent person. You are my sole executor, George. Spare my wife as much as in your power, but do not sacrifice any. one else for her. Be good to my poor children. Alice will help you there. I once thought you and she might come together. I am leaving you a fearful secret as a legacy. I may confide it to Alice, Farewell. 'ASTON,' Marmaduke returned the letter in per. feet silence. George put it reverently away. ' Poor Lord Aston ! I wonder which was the greater sin, to break such a noble heart or to shorten his life?' 'Do you think he did tell Alice ?' 'Perhaps; Miss Tracy has always re. sisted the idea of suicide.' 'Poor Alice. When I think of what she has suffered I feel furious against Sybil.' ' If you could get the countess declared insane it would be a mercy.' 'Not to her; it would be simply a living death. It might certainly give her time to repent.' 'Women like her never repent,' said Hardy, gravely. 'Looking at Lady Aston's career from first to last, I can see no redeeming trait. With the faceof ao angel, she seems to have the heart oa a fiend.' The two men parted for the night. They passed it very differently. George in sound, peaceful slumber, dreaming perhaps, of the time when the lovely girl he had first seen gathering spring flowers in Trent Wood should come home to the Parks as its mistress; but no such plea. sant visions came to our barrister, for to Marmaduke Hardy a strange certainty had come that all was not well with Dorothea and her friend, that together or separate they were in trouble. Directly after breakfast the horses came round. The gentlemen were in the saddle when a groom rode up in hot haste Arnold started. as he recognised the Aston livery. :. 'What's wrong ?' he cried an' ously. After recent events Gedorge felt prepared always for evil news from the Manor.? SMrs. Brown vwishes to see you: atonce, sir.', : : L f ' ...:/ :!What's wrong: ?' . 'Her ladyship is very ill, siar " ' 'Not the counless ?' meanuir::little Adela. He was scrupulous to give ier Irr, title always in speaking of her to tlihe srvant. Her steprmother was the "Dowager Lady Aston." 'Yes, sir.' The man evidently knew nothing more Sending him round to the servants' hall George Arnold put spurs to his horse, oand rode off at full speed, followed by Marmca duke Hardy. CHiAPTER XI;II. Now, quite accidentally, the groom had deceived George Arnold. John had been with the rest of the servants when that gentleman announced, nearly three monthls' ago, that henceforward he was master of the Manor, acting for his ward, Adeld, Countess of Astcn, that in hi: absence all orders were to be taken from Mademoiselle Gruet, and Dowager Lady Aston would soon leave the Manor. The groom had no notion of disobey' ing this announcement; but, in the ex citement and confusion of the moment, he applied the familiar title to her who had borne it two years, and allowed iMr. Arnold to think his ward was in danger and not her stepmother. George Arnold need not have been troubled how to break to lhis cousin that her cruel sin had found her out-Sybil was quite aware of it; she know that de. tection and punishment stared her in the face; the clever plotting, the crafty schem. ing was all in vain. Cold as it was the night before she had been true to her appointment. \Why she had so long put offrecompensing Jock seemed strange, in reality it was very simple; while Collins remained with her -rnoninally as her maid, really her mistress-Iady Aston was no tree agent Now, freed from thisincubus, she went down the lime-tree walk, a wellfilled purse in her pocket, to mete out to her assistant the price of his silence. TO SE CONTINUED, rintad ana paubllahsd by Tlhomas DanIsl, sls peosrletor, at the ,venlag I'eqny P Vritio( O(.?ao, Aubuenmutsewt Gi?QoliC., 