Newcastle Races. (From our own Reporter.) Last year when the committee of the Newcastle Jockey Club decided to disregard old custom and its obligations so far as to race on New Year's Day in opposition to the regatta, which had become one of the seaport city's hoariest institutions, those who look after the Bport of kings came in foi\a great number of hard words. We do not desire to justify the committee's action, but the experience of two gatherings shows that tastes differ, and that whilst aquatio sports may be all very well for people of quiet tastes and unspeculative bent, there are others who love the sheen of Bilk, in whose ears the hoof strokes of horses is sweet music, and who like to do a bit of wagering in a mild way. Those people's tastes must be catered for, the Club filled the bill, and the aforesaid people are thankful for it. On Friday last it is almost needless to say the streets of Newcastle were crowded from an early hour by sight-seers of all bents and dispositions, who found pleasure in devious ways, for whilst some Bought out shady re- cesses in the rock bound coast whence to watch the white capped waves and circling gulls, others planted themselves on the wharves and talked learnedly of sculling and aquatics generally. Others again turned their forces from the pleasures of the city towards the racecourse, and to this last mentioned division we belonged. We found the old convincing ground in good order, although the straight was covered by a thick coating of grass. This did not, however, interfere with the going, as was proved by the times for the Flying Handicap and New Year's Gift being the best ever made in public on the course. The grand Btand and sad- dling yard were hot patronised nearly so well as we have seen them, and many of the bookmakers who are wont to foregather at the coaly city were absent. Outside there was a large concourse of people, who amused themselves heartily, but we noticed very few of those games which immemorial custom has given to racecourses. The day was simply agree- ably warm, and the booths and stalls were well patronised. We missed Mr. Clarence Hannell's well-known figure, his place in the box being oc- cupied for the nonce by Mr. Thomas Abel, the genial president being engaged at the regatta, which could not be complete without him. Mr. A. A. Farthing, the energetic secretary, was as ever alert with both pencil and flag; but we would respectfully direct his attention to the unfair rule which precludes patrons of the stand and paddock from leaving those places except during the luncheon hour. Many people likened themselves to prisoners, and loudly protested against the con- spicuous notice. Otherwise the meeting was well conducted and well enjoyed.' In our last issue we gave the results of the meeting and herewith we supply a few additional details of the raciug. As usual the fun began with the Flying Handi- cap, which attracted half a dozen ranners, and Decimal was Boon selected as a good thing, but three or four others were also well backed. The start was not at all a good one, and Clarine was first away with a rattle that showed the possossion of plenty of pace. The mare drew right away after galloping a furlong, but after she turned the home corner she began to tire, although not sufficiently to be beaten, for she defeated the favourite by a neck, with Telephone a fair third. Time, 1 min. 16} sees. The winner is a chestnut daughter of Navigator and the Kelpie mare Clarenza; she shows a good deal of quality, but when we looked at her after the race she was cut and battered a great deal about the hind legs where she had been galloped upon. Six horses again wended their way to the post for the Selling Stakes, and as the evergreen Toronto was in the company looking as well as in the days of yore when he carried the popular blue and white banner of the late Hon. James White the old fellow waa the best fancied, but the son of Maribyrnong was very slow at the start, and although he made up his lost ground quickly he could never get up to Madeira and Zulass, who finished very close together in that order, whilst the judge waa unable to place a third. The winner, a nice looking daughter of Clan Stuart, was bought in for £35. During the race the veteran Collingwood broke down and had to bo dismounted. The New Year's Gift came next, and nothwithstanding that it was the big plum of the pudding, only four of the eleven horses on the card had their girths tightened. There was a good deal of bother and annoyance over penalties earned at Wallsend gathering ; but, as it was, Auctioneer was the only starter who had his weight increased and that to the extent of 101b. Schoolmaster was iii rareorderandasMr. Wilkinson had treated him with considerable leniency, he was soon made favourite Auctioneer being in more request than any other' and when the flag fell ho got away at such a rate that it seemed as if he were going to make . a pro- cession of it; but the son of Glenalvon is not a stayer, and he tired away to nothing as ho came to the end of the rails, whore Schoolmaster made his effort, and shootiug away from his beaten opponents won easily by throe lengths from Narrara and Zama in 1 min. 43} sees., the best time ever run in public over the Newcastle course. Schoolmnster is a big chestnut old- fashioned son of Grandmaster and Secundus' Bister Second Queen ; he ia very badly hipped on one side, but is not at all a bad horse. Eight horses were prepared for the Park Handicap, which brought about real good betting. Decimal, Welcome Jack, and Butcher Boy were all greatly fancied, but the firat-named was a decided favourite as they went to the post ; and he justified the confidence reposed in him and made some amends for his defeat earlier in the day by winning a very nice race right under the rails from Butcher Boy and Marquee, who showed unexpected pace. Decimal, wlfo is the property of a penciller, is a very handsome little horse by King Cole's son Colstoun and the Yat- tendon mare Friction, so that he is not at all in- appropriately named. Two Selling Races on a one day's bill of faro is rather too much of a good thing to the initiated whose tastes do not run in the way of these well-named affairs. Anyhow the Novel Selling Race attracted only five-runners, and of these Bridgment was selected as the right pea. Included in the field was the old hurdle-racer Wonderful, who showed signs of his trade in his big calloused legs, and few people remembered that the old fellow was once nominated for a Canlfieia and Melbourne Cups. Anyhow he had not the ghost of a chance with the favourite and Eveline, who fought out a gre.it battle resulting in a dead-heat aocording to the judge, but nine out of every ten men would have willingly sworn that the horse should have got the verdict. The pair ran off some time after- wards, and after a slashing race the mare got it by a head. The winner hails from the Singleton dis- trict, which also once boasted the possession of Bridgment,* who is now stationed in Sydney, but why we do not know, as ho was once defeated in a hack race at Rutherford. The last item on the list was the Welter Handicap, for which eight horses had their toilets made, and on the strength of his previous win Schoolmaster was made favourite, but list lllbs eventually proved too much for his shattered side, and ho had no chance. Auctioneer's double win at Wallsend brought his burden up to list Gibs., and he waa not much fancied. The battle was a real good one, and at length ended in a win for the handsome Goldsbrough mare Zama, who just stayed long enough to beat the veteran Odd Stockings by a length, Auctioneer being a fair third after making most of the running. This was the finale, and, despite the lengthened bill of fare, visitors got away in excellent time. 