" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS ,/QUTESTION ?" SNow, rwhich is the woorso--to haoe no apptite for your dinner, or to have no dinnear for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the . other of ,this question. WVhe "good digestion waits on appetite and health on -ioth" that is the ideal attitude of.a person tolvards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetitei, r a vigorous appetite without, enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hinn?y man is a healthy man; whereas a man .who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of." alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication; .in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancyhis food iwas poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, hy ?. Let him clear the mysteryhimself. He says, In the year 1889 I changed my work from arilway porter to signalman. I haid been signalman twelve months, and then iall at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. Ily mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate to ?put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them.. One thing was like another, and none was gobd. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line lon~- the middle and yellow fur round it. Ily breath was offensive anid my appetite por', with pains through the. chest and sioulders,.which were always right before I hai eating orinything. Then I was greatly trubled with wind. It would gather so' it fe llike a ball in my,thrdat, and act as if it i'build choke me." -' - i'. cannot wonder that under these cir ~cimstances our friend~ failed to do justice to his meals.' He adds that there .was what he calls' "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as tlioiigh it were tonched with some sharp in-. st??mient. Then, again; at times' he was attacked withl spasms, thie agony of whlich was so severe tliti the sweat rolled off him.. ",I dreaded," he says, " the thosught of eat ingi, and mamn an scanty macal hare I made,, for I, was aIdsad to 'eat. • " 'After a tiniecI gotinto a low, weak, nor voes? coidition, and feolt miserable, as if some thsing wa -'?g~o ' to1happen, andthis caused mo to lose a good'dil'of slej ." " ' iWhat h iho-idhanbythe fear eof "soniothing os? s' en - is,':h ' of: course, thle fear of some cnalinity, isch as the loss of his posi tion, l wn l indeath, or the death of somebody d1aic fo lim.: This ioas due, as he intimates, to the iinpoVerished state of his blood (the life bearer),.his unstrmung nerves, and to the brain eiifdeebled by lack of nourishment. ' The night of this forim of illness'is always full of ghosts aind gbliis, the creatures of a restless and iungboverned nmugination " Withgreat diffieulty,"'' ho says; "' Istuck Sy work, for I had a wifo and family opendig'6on me. So I steuggldc on, but &iat;' I suffered for over two years is past my owers.of descrij~tion.': I anr sam?e o ois e has idso 'kv uch as I hadoc elena." sin'tlho latter statement: he is undoubtedly .ong:' Oieo's bwn paini is bne's own, and is liways harder to ibear than is one's notion of is neighbosir's pain. There is a countless riltitude who areo all the whilo going lrough the satine wretched expericnc, .nly woedon't happon to'como in touch with fwran. .VWoll, theo riter finaiiy mentions that Iter all medical treatment had left inm whcre it found him ho chluiced to ,iad in a hook of a case exactly like Ais ,n having boon cumed by Mother Seigel's trun. "My wife," he says, "got me a ittle at .Mr. Langstlaft's, in Woodlcsford, Id after using its contents the ainient t me and has never returned since that rtunato. day. .I should like the whole rd to know what it did for me. I have ti employed by the Mfidland Railway mnpany for 11 years. (Signed) ' "rGEoouE HUNT, "Car Bottom-road, 'i Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. uIunt's desire, in lor that part of the world at least may )w how thankful he is and for whant sOn. 