HANK MORGAN ON THE VIC TORIAN ELECTIONS. The General Elections which took place in Victoria on Wednesday, the 20th April, are, I suppose, the most mixed up and confused in their outcome of any that ever took place in any 'Australian colony. The papers on all sides claim a victory for their particular views. The Conservative Argus and the wobbling Age, and ? the few real Liberal papers in the country, as well as the . one Labor journal, Commonweal , all profess to be tolerably well .satisfied with the pro gress of their parties, and the triumphs of their respective candidates. It is rather. a good kind of election that suits all parties, and, so far, it cannot be called unsatisfactory, . excepting to those fourteen defeated ones who lost £50 deposit each, and to the flat-footed individual who resigned his seat in ' the Council to try for one in the Assembly and fell in the soup for both . * & . ? * ? To an intelligent outsider, who didn't back anybody for a cent, but who yet takes an interest in Victoria, not , only for its' own sake, but for its influence on its sister colonies also, the result of the elections is certainly disappointing though not surprising. So far as the march of. Democratic reform is concerned, but little progress was to be ex pected for the present from that colony, which for some years has been more Conservative than either New South Wales, South Aus tralia, or Queensland. Notwithstanding the fact that the Northern colony has just legalised Black slavery, yet it has been done , in defiance of every election pledge, and in violation, of all political honor ; and there is in that land a resolute, growing, and intel ligent democracy which will at the first op portunity reverse the disgraceful actions of the political ' pirates, who have seized the '? ? helm of the State ship. ' H In New South Wales, in spite of splits H and differences between -the Labor party, ? I both in and out of Parliament, there is a H growing feeling, founded on bitter experience, Hj that both the old parties are running a neck ? and neck race, to see which ! is the worst., I The 'bogus ' ' National Donkey , ' which forms I a political wing to the Employers' Union, ? is sinking every difference in order to crush ? the Labor party, and is at last waking the I workers up to a recognition of the danger I they are in from the unscrupulous tactics of I a powerful and bitter foe. I' In South Australia, the light glows brightly I ? on the best organised and most compact ? Labor party in Australia, perhaps in the ? world. At a distance of over a year from I their general elections, the ' Crow-eaters' I have their candidates selected by ballot of I the members of every Union, Workmen's ' H Club, and Democratic Society. Their men I outside are ever making preparations, esti H mating the results, securing votes, and H gathering funds for the expected bitter H struggle. ? ?* ?* V * ? Here, in Victoria, what a difference ! I Except in a very few. instances all was coh ? fusion. Labor men, without the ghost of a I show, were run in some electorates against I -old Liberals who have done the country good ? service, and would do it far more if the H people would back them up ; while in other H districts wretched old Tories were allowed to I fight between themselves for a seat, where I . any good, vigorous, honest Radical could have knocked them all into well- earned oblivion, and have built an everlasting Deeming cement hearth over their miserable political corpses. . , ? ' * * * Many of the Labor candidates themselves didn't seem to have any very clear ideas of what they intended to do, and instead of broaching some new ideas, something to lift politics out of the cess-pit of party squabbles on to the clear mountain-tops of National progress, their ideas seldom rose above the price of mutton, or the wages of a railroad gate-keeper. If they had thrown off their fears, and shown a robbed and half -ruined colony that both the old parties were political robbers and card-sharpers, and that all coalitions are formed by the chief robbers uniting to keep each other's evil deeds dark ; and squaring their followers with a part of the spoils stolen from the toilers. If they Tiad doue this, the history of the Victorian elections of 1892 would have been different. I believe more Labor candidates would have ?secured seats, and,- if not, they would, at any rate, have opened the people's eyes and forced their opponents to declare themselves on which side they were ranged. '# # # So far from this being the case, several of the so called Labor candidates couldn't be ? ? scope from the' ordinary 'everyday garden variety of Liberal who is cheap and plentiful at every election. Some of . them took great pains to prove that they were not just ' Labor' men only,; but. were ' Liberals', as well, as if a ' Labor' main worth his salt wasn't worth fifty ordinary ' Liberals.' I seemed to fancy some of them saying; ' Be hold me, gentle fellow electors, a. Labor can didate, but I am a Liberal too ; and I haven't got anything to do with that wicked Trades Hall. In fact, I must apologise for calling myself a ' Labor' candidate at all, only you know it is necessary to please all sections in order to win, but if you look at me carefully you will find I am much the same' as other men, aiid Avill take good care that in helping* ' Labor' I ? won't, hurt a liair of Capital's head, for I always liked the ? old fellow myself ; and I will promise uot to do any thing to frighten ' Capital' out of the country, because if he took his bricks and mortar, and sheep statious, .and city a,llot , ments with him, it would leave some dreadful big holes in the ground.' That is about the tone that some of them 'used, if not those words ; while instead of apologising for their position, they should have banged away at the hoary -headed abuses which are squeezing the life-blood out of the country, and made the other felloivs apologise for not being Labor men' too, like we did in New South Wales with nearly every candidate, from the . .present Premier downwards ; - and nnllagauK in spite of the Natiotial Ass. and the Fiscal question. . - # ? # # Better and earlier organisation in the future may, however, accomplish much. The fatal mistake is in deferring vigorous action until the eve of the elections, ' thus giving opportunity for mistakes, and occa sion for jealousies', which there is no time to calmly consider and remove. It; would be wise also to abstain from running Labor men against good sound Liberals, \ and letting Conservatives in without a contest. Example might well be taken ? by South Australia in these matters, as well as select ing the right men for the seats they have' the best chance of securing. Thus, for instance, two Labor men who mio:ht both be defeated, might, if they had cha.nged dis tricts, have both been, successful, owino: to local and personal peculiarities. Tastes, differ in electorates as elsewhere. # # * The published statements of the views of different candidates are not very reliable, but some really good men have been elected outside of avowed Labor men. For instance, Dr Scott, of Villiers and Heytesbury, in 'the Western District, is nearly as an advanced Radical and Socialist as the genial little Dr Maloney, of West Melbourne. Burton, of Stawell, is, I believe, a Union miner,' and Peacock, of Clunes and Allendale; is a good Liberal. I won't draw any comparisons between the avowed Labor members, be cause I do not know them well enough ; but the return of Messrs Wylie, Winter, Bromley and Trenwith was a source of -rreat pleasure to many besides the Trades Hall people, who were specially pleased. ?Jp 'TV* Hancock's defeat was a surprise and 'dis- appointment to many : but Wilkins, who beat him, has been givino; meat to the poor around Collingwood, and that has something to do with it, because when a butcher, with plenty of steaks in the country, sends them round to his hungry neighbors, they feel grateful enough to put his block into Par liament, and they might as well have done that from all I hear. ?&' *#? In resrard to the ' one man one vote ' proposal, the fairest estimate seems to be fifty returned in favor thereof , and fortA^-five in favor of that hollow fraud; the ' dual' vote, or vote for thrift, This seems rather rousrh, considering that New South Wales returned ever)/ one of her 141 members pledged to single voting, and vet we have not got it yet. My opinion, however, is that the Tories of New South Wales will make a big effort to force on another election before we can secure that right, and then return some ' dual' voters. We can block their little game if the workers remain united. Let the Labor members and all Democrats refuse Federation at any price until all Australia has equal voting power. Let every Union federate throughout Aus tralia, and organise for political, as well as purely Labor purposes, and Ave will yet secure a firm ? setting for th« bed-rock and corner stone of Democracy. Every man and woman in this Continent, shall have one vote and one only ; and the lesson of the Victorian General Elections of 1892 will not have been lea, mod in vaiii. Hank Morgan. 