CHAPTER XXV. • On. the morning of the day on which Dom set ont for London, young Redwood rose early after a sleepless night. In middle age a slight anxiety may rob a mail of his slumbers, but it takes some thing serious to make the night of a wholesome lad of 23 altogether feverish and unrestful. He had counted the strokes of the village clock as it struck the quarters and the hours, and had faced a thousand phantoms before the gray dawn glimmered on the window blind. Before the day had well declared itself he rose and dreised in stealthy quiet, fearing to disturb his mother, and having foraged for a glass of milk and a crust, took up his gun, thrust a double handful of cart ridges into his pocket and strolled towards the Weybridge "Woods, less with intent against the rabbits there than to give his mind a chance of clearing itself in the fresh air of morning from the vagabond fancies of the night. For a landowner, a man of exceptionally old family, and n Tory, Mr. "Weybridge had one remarkable characteristic. He ; was an ardent opposer of the Game Liws, | and steadfastly refused to pre . e;re his j Bhooting, and ever since George had been of an age to carry a gun he had hal the freedom of wood and warren. So far as the rabbits were concerned his license lasted all the year round, and constant practice had made him a dead shot; He had not walked far when the faith ful Sam appeared in sight, and at once attached himself to the young favourite as a matter of course. Sam was an earbj- riser by old habit, and always smokea his first pipe in the open air, unless held indoors by extreme stress of weather. When the first greetings were OTer, George showed himself indisposed to talk, and Sam, yielding obedience to his mood, they rambled on in silence. The rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but George threw away half a dozen chances, and missed two or three easy snow. ' Here, Sam,' he said at length, handing the gun to his companion. ' You'd better try your hand. I'm no good this morn ing. I don't feel as if I cared about it.' Sam recalled his own sensations in early eaurtship, when 'Tilda had chosen to be too coy or too exacting. Too much disposed in one way or another to teat j the limits of her power, he came to the conclusion that Miss Hetheridge had been ' plnying up' with her sweetheart. 'That'll be all right in a day or two,' said Sam, within himself, ' but it's nasty ana unplessant while it lasts.' He grew Tery keen on the shooting, which was a rare form of sport with him, and soon forgot to notice his comrade's dejected manner. When he had rolled over half-a-dozen rabbits, tho sound of a gun not far away reverberated through tho woods, and George took hack his own piece. A rabbit darting across the path a moment later, he fired. ' Hullo!' called a hearty voice at some little distance. ' Who's out there ?' ' I don't know that voice,' said Sam. ' Who is it ? ' 'I don't know either,' Redwood an- I swered, hut he shouted back in answer to the hail. A crackling noise was heard as of some heavy body forcing its way through the dry undergrowth. It came nearer, and ' by-and-by an unusually portly gentle man, elderly and white of beard, but florid in complexion, and with eyes as bright as a bird's, stepped out upon the path. Ho stared at Redwood almost as if he bad seen a ghost. ' Upon my soul,' he said as if to him self, ' I ntver saw such a likeness in my life. You've forgotten me, I suppose, young gentleman.' ' Ho, indeed, Sir Eustace,' Redwood answered. ' By gad,' said the baronet, shaking him warmly by the hand, 'I should have known you anywhere. I should have recognised you in the middle of the Great Sahara. Such on extraordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen. You're your father over again—even to the little hits of side whisker,' ho added, moving his head from sido to side, as his keen eyes took stock of GeoTge. ' ITy mother tells me so,' Redwood an swered, ' but a little miniature we hare at home tells quite a different story.' ' Well,' said Sir Eustace, ' I'll hack your mother against the miniature.' 'You're out early,' cried Sir Eustace, in his jolly way. 1 So am I. I like to taste ! the day when it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't much use to me,' he continued, hold ing out the weapon he carried. ' Stock's too long. Can't get the confounded thing to my shoulder. And how ore you, and how's your mother? I got down last night,' he went on, without waiting for a reply to these queries. ' I heard yourd ealled, but I was chatting with ray sister at tho time. And how's old Dora f Good chap, Dom. Knows his business. Weybridge gets all the prizes now. I did when old Dora was with me. First rato fellow, Dora.' He fixed his keen eyes on Potter. 'I've seen you before some where.' ' W»ll you have, boss, and that's a fact,' Sam answered. ' I thought so,' said Sir Eustace, star ing at him. ' Where was it V Sam gave him a mysterious, sideiung motion of the head to indicate that he | would rather answer this question in private. Redwood observing this strolled [ a few paces away, and Sam with a rcpeti ! tion of the sidelong motion, and throw | iug in a 'mysterious wink with it, led Sir Eustace in an opposite direction. ' The young boss has never been told about it,' he whispered, 'and I don't want him to know. Him and mo's been mates ever since he was that high. I was brought up before you,' said Sam, leaning forward and breathing hatd into the baronet's ear, 'on suspicion of his father.' Sir Eustace started back in a momen tary astonishment. < Ah,' he said, '■ 1 remember now.' He looked Sam up and down in some wonderment at the respectability of his appearance. ' And what are yon doing here ?' ' "Well, it's this way, boss. I'm a liTin' on my income.' ' Oh,' said Sir Eustace dryly, ' you're one of the local gentry, are you ?' 'They call me a gentleman on the voting fist,' Sam answered with perfect simplicity, ' but that don't make a heap o' difference. I don't set much store by it anyhow. It doesn't make much differ ence in the price o' tea, does it, hois ?' As I seem to remember,' Sir Eoataco answered, 'tea was not your beverage when I made your acquaintance.' 'It is now, though,' Sam returned, and his been this many a year. It's like this, yon know ' 'Well, I'm glad you've reformed,' said SirEuatace, cuttin g him short maj estically. J ' It was drink that led you into that j scrape, my good fellow.' I 'Eight von are, boss,' Sam assented warmly. ' Right you are. But it was like this, you know 1 ' Redwood,' Sir Eustace shouted, and marched off after the youngster, some what impolitely, to Sam's way of think ing. George paused till the baronet overtook him, and Sam following sauntered in the rear. I ' You've taken your degree ?' said Sir Eustace. He looked with evident admira tion at the stalwart, well set up young fellow beside him. 'Trinity Hall, I think they said. And now what are you. going to do with yourself ?' I mean to make a civil engineer,' | George answered. ' I'm off to Liege in a week or two to get an insight into the j practical part of the business.' \ That's well,' said Sir Eustace. ' No thing like having an occupation if you wish to ho happy. I've been obliged to put up with hobbies all my life. A pro fession would have been the making of me. "What are yon doing to-day ?' George confessed that he had nothing special on hand. 'Then,'said tho haronct, 'coma and hreakfaBt with me. Seven o'clock's my time. Weybridge won't be down till 8, and I shall bo lonely. Directly after breakfast I'm going to have a shy at some of those giant carp in the park pool. Come and join, and we'll make a merry morning of it.' ' Thank you, Sir Eustace,' said the youngster, ' I will with pleasure. I must let ray mother know where 1 am, hut i Sam will see to that for me.' He turned to Potter, who was lounging tranquilly in the rear, pipe in mouth. 'I'm going to breakfast with Sir Eustace Wyn combe, Sam,' ho said. ' Wijl you call as you go homo and let my mother know ? And, by the way, I'll tell you what you might do for mo. You might go into my room and get my fulling tackle. T shall want—' and here he ran into details of rod, line, and bait. Sam accepted the commission with alacrity. 'You'llwant somebody to punt yen about, Master George,' he said. ' I'm the man for that job.' 'If Sir Eustace pleases,' George re turned, and tho baronet offering no opposition, the arrangement was made. (7o if continued.) ' The American Brewer*' Journal gives tlio present aggregate amount of BritiJi capital invested in American breweries at£18,311,008. 