Fallie-iii-te 1MJS& ; Ths pretty suburb. ofBtartHUyrithin lfi or. 20 miles of timjpresttatytwasr formerly- known., as Hewitt'SiMiilB.- It wauaettiteineArlytiiHes bv two very extensiveif amiKee, tee Hewiiteand Meadowses, who frequently interraarrsBd;.and ; pwned nearly- all thedand im the? neigbbour- hood. Old- fashioned; Gonservatiyepsople they were; of whom some' scattered remnants are- still extant in the vicinity. They look with no very friendly-eye on.the- doings of their rich and stylish . city neigh bour, who live inthevillaa and countxy eeats Scattered over the hills and up find down tho new roads cut through foresfcand farm. ! Chief among these survivals oftee good old' slock is E hen Hewitt, the miUer,.aa oldxaan now with a rich brown complexion, a keen, dark eye. and thick; bushy white/ hair and beard. Uncle Eben maxried a Meadows, at was iaevible, and he naturally regrete the: primitive virtues and sterling worth cf-Hewittls Mills, before it beoaine fashionable- FortHilL He be»rs a grudge against the new- name, always rankling like a thorn- in the hand. Uncle E on is an antiquated spinner of long local.yar- s . one of the few left in the' country. The mill stands -on the river bank, just, where the strenu-i opens, into a little cove with. thick shadowy trees. A covered, brid cresses the. river at tiii point, and there is & miniature iflaod, feathered all over with the light leafage of the silver birch. My young friend, Mary Jane,, was staying, last summer at Fort Hill, and wherever. Mary Jane goes she makes acquaintance with tee labouring folk, with children, and dogs. Her friends laugh at her for disco vermis so many- remarkable people entirely unknown'to fasne. But Mary June is not to be deterred in her . favourite pursuit of character study by ill- timed ridicule. It is not surprising, therefore, that she was often found seated oar the -stone bench bv the mill door engaged in friendly chat with U ticle Eben, whom- she considered cue of the most interesting men she had ever iuet. The machinery was humming inside- the old m'il and making it shake. The grain poured down the hopperin a heavy stream, and . the water swished and swirled about the biCT wheel. The miller was fioury up to his thick ey6 <rows, where the meal hung like wreaths of snow on & penthouse roof, and the warm tints of his skin shone not unhandsomely through the powder. The talk that day turned on ghosts and supernatural appearances, and; though Uncle Eben disclaimed stoutly all belief iu ghosts — 44 spooks," as he called them — he was led on by . the insinuating Mary, Jane to relate the fjl. 'owing little story out of his own experience : — Spooks are all moonshine," said Uncle Eben, squaring his elbows, 44 but I will allow that curious things happen to some folks, things that can't be accounted for on what wo call natural principles. There was my father- in-law Meadows. & hard-headed, practical man, , sound a a nut until he got a bad blow and' began to break. Everybody took his judgment on land purchase and cattle, as if it had been: law, and he arbitrated a great number of dis putes and made the climax rather bad for lawyers iii. these parts. He was trustee and executor for quite a number of large estates, and folks often took his wjrd without a scratch, of the pen to show for the money they put. into his hiuds. He was as straight- & man, if I do say it, as I ever knew. Not much to look at," was fathor-in-law Meadows, not a handsome man, but he was the making of this township. He built bridges, laid out a number of new roads as tbwn sur veyor, and he was school trustee and deacon of the first church. He had an amazing big family of children, thirteen all told. Two of them died young of black measles, so I have heard my wife tell, but most 'of them grew up to ba a credit to the town — to Hewitt's Mills, as it was then called, and, as by right, it should be called now. And there was the boy Eli, the youngest. His heart was set on him, the little Benjamin; and the old Israel Meadows loved him best and couldn't bear to have him cut of bis sight. 44 A close- mouthed man he was. He and I was pretty intimate. : We've often walked over thedand an hour or two at a time and not spoke a word. Never was a man that had so little nonsense about him as old Israel, and that's what makee this queer thing that happened to. him all the queerer. I Have never bemx able to come to any reasonable conclusion about it, though it happened j ust as I am going toxeiate. You see, Miss, as L was saying, this boy Eli wai the apple of his eye, a q'#"ck, bright, laughing boy. nimble as a squirrel, and made friends all up and down the road. He favoured his mother's family, and was fair complected, with light hair, while most of the Meadowses are dark and ewurthy. When the war broke out Eli u as just turned eighteen. Fart of the Fourteenth Infantry was recruited in this town. There was a great excitement, and Eli caught the war fever, and before- we had. an iukling of it he 'listed and was marched off to the front. The old man took on bad. It was pitiable to see him, for it was the first thing that bog an to break him up. He tried-hard to get the boy back by paying for a substitute. Though h--> was counted a close man and natu rally fond of money, he would have given half he "was w -rih. But Eli was infatuated with soldiering, and it wasn't any. good. The old. mau had been an early abolitionist and all for the war until he got "that blow, and then the crows came and roosted right on his ridgepole aud croaked day and night. Eli wrote cheerful letters to his father, and the old man carried them round in his pocket until they were half Worn, had some of them letters-on him the day he died, when he fell down sudden in anapo- plecic fit. Eli wrote just as he talked. He pad the gift of gab, and such a knack' of turn- tog the best side outr hs could make you think black was white. They were going to beat the rebs out and cut, and it was- all hurrah boye, and he would be made a colonel before- the war ended. Thsy did make him a sergeant and colour-bearer, and that was some comfort to the old man. But I noticed. bis hand shook when he weut to sign his name, and he got a bad colour, a yellowish white, with puffy dark rings, under the, eyes, snd his. breath came: short when he walked. So things wore along tQTtKe fall of thsyear 62, about the time the re Is began to move north. Eli's regiment was under M CleBan. He had a great fondness for his general, and. was. always writing home that little Mac was? tee biggest man in the army. Now,. X. am going to tell you of Ihe.fitx≱ thing that happened to father-in-law. It was before any newa of the battle of Antietam had reached out here; the morning of the day the battle was fought. X know it was in the early foil, before tee corn. Was cut. My father-in-law had. a big 'piece .of land in corn that year, and it had done remark ably well. That cornfield is now part of. what they call Gilchrist Park. Next to it on the north was a piece of woods, most chestnut and Voong ash, and adjoining on the vest was a large, smooth medder. Hie cattle .had been turned into that medder for tee fall feed, and father-in-law he walked out there that morn ing early to look to the fences, for the' black £ull had been turned in with the herd, and he was a vicin« animal. Now. Mi near As X could never dared to ipwetien hiaa close about, it, it. Ltopenedihrthiff wavT: Est&aklkvs; Had to Jhemedder. jialf Way to the comfisli; when hewas bui prised ' to hear a- confused noise-over south, oosaSnggip? a«lhe?teDugl.te»wudL jBut'there was no wind. The air was a cfoad" calm; notteleaf-htirrcdJ Thetekywss eMghtiy overcsst - and' temperature warmfoh; w£t& a» smelltefldyingifeavee. Ifotheronw iteaftood stockal£U, atid he strained his ear to iwtem There was m lou# roaring far' off down the? valley; like ariveriii flbod, and then it cams': nearer and broke into a' volley of' musketry, And? teen a boom.' of - cannon- that- shook tha ground', . and sharp Mstrihg of' shells ar they burst and sputtered m-tha-niiy acon- "fused'erying and1 shouting groaning, anda.v -rush of . horsre' foet that"- seemed' to coore- tearing" through that piece of woods-; and- father-in-law — a cold sweat heed- broke out- from every pore, for the old' man, while hb heard this tumnlr, could- see4 nothing but7 the- medder and:cornfield, and tixequiet land. He was strucl: all abAek anxl his - knere crooked under him, and! he feU full ligth cm the- ground, and before he- lost consmousness ;he teought heheard'ESi'ff voice catting 4 water,' in a -distrtesed, foint- way, a gasplike,- and. it esemed to -come from-ttus woods,- not moreth&n; ten rods off. 4 4 Tdbnt kaorohowlihB old man got on Ma lees and made his way home, but ho heldTiim- eetf ' straight when he came in at" the door, though his face was like ashes: and his eyes set', and staiing. He etood still for a minute, and then kind of dutebed at tiie backof a chair and ; stumbled forward. Says he, < MotherJ pack ure a bag' witti things I shall need ! for a week or more; aud get -money out of- the' tip drawer, the one I ep locked. Here is the key/ 44 4 Wh&f; a the raeauing of tills; IscaelF' says.: mother, scarad and trenrbling; 4 You lookasif yon could be knocked down with a feateer.- Hare -you had badnews?' 44 4 'Yes, bad enough; But don'tstop to taik. Didn't I tell yon tbere'd beea a battie F 44 4 A battle S ' gasped mother. 4 Wherewasit fonghtU 44 4 T don't know,' said tbe oli man, dazed like, putting his band up to his head, 4 but I shall fihd'oUt on the road. Eli i» wounded — mebbe he'sd.ead. by this tlmei' Then his voice failed; 44 4 Israel M-adows/ said mother, standing right up to Mm — and tee wes a timid , woman, "there- basnet been news of no battle or I should have heard it, and I solemnly do think you have gone crazy.' "Then the old man was mad, lean tell you, and he made things: hum, for he was always master in his own house; and in ires- than: half an hour that hag was packed and.tha old mare saddled, and father-in-law had taken his top coat and wa3 -climbing into the saddle to: ride to Digby Station, sevemni'es- away, the nearest to us then, before therailroad was carried through. Mother had never seen him look so stern and haggard and nnnatural. She. was kind of awe struck as tee watched him ride away down the road. But before father-in- law got to Digby it waskaown up here at tee Mills that the great battle of. Antietaui. was in progress. Well, I can't tell you just how the old man found Eli. He never-wonld talk- much about it ; hut he went round the battlefield for hours searching, among the dead, with only one thought 'in his mind, and at last he- came on the body in a little piece of woods, among the bushes, close to a small spring. of sweet water. The poor boy had tried to crawl to the water, but his breast was shot off and it was no good. You know, the old man thought he heard teat, cry comisg out of' the woods, oi 4 Water !. water !' Thinkhow he felt when he f ound him there j close on to the epririg, but not within reach. But his face mthecoffin. was the peace- fullest I 'most ever sew. They say them that die of gun-shot wounds mostly do look, happy. 'Well, Eii, in them last- moments, had got out someway a Testament he. carried in his pocket; It .was one his mother gave to him, and it waa burnt aud black wiih: powder-: but . there was part of ahfank. leafJeft, aud. wite.a little stub of pencil gripped in his fingers he had. scrawled the words, 4 Father, don't — ' that waa all — 4 Father, don't' — just enough to shov he was thinking of - the- old man and his . grief the moment he died, and wishing to comfort him. 4 4 Eatherrin-law brought- him home, and buried him inthemo wing lot close to that piece of woods where he-had heard the roar of battle that was taking place over 500 miles away. He let drop a little oi what- had happened- aow and then, . until we. could, piece it together pretty mute as. I have i o' iyoo. But we don't, none of us try to explain it, and. we can't but believe there was-eeme reality in it, seeing tee straight: man father-in-law was, He was Moke up bad. by i; — changed so. you would, hardly have kno wn him. He stooped; and his head shook, and he. seemed to lose: his: judgment — forgot things terrible, and went rounds taliring to him self. He hod to pat most oi his business, affairs out of his hands, and seemed to lose interest in. what was g ling on didn't even read the news papers ; but he grew uneasy and discontented. Eobody ever thought then that the original old. Meadows' place, centre of all the Meadowses in this township, where he was born and bred j and bis father before Mm, would ever gp out. of the family. But a strange restlessless grew on the old man,, though he had his faculties well, enough, too. 44 One day, soon after the railroad, was? opened through to the mills, he went down to the city alone andcaUed on a real estate agent, and put tee old farm in. Ms hands. But he set such a big figger on the land the agent laughed, in Ms facet 4 Why,! says -he, 4 Mr. Meadows, I don't believe yon want to sell your farm,' 44 4 Mebbe I don't,' rays the old man, curt enough, 4 bat I'll let it go at that v figger, an d not a cent less.' "Then father-in-law went off and forgot what he had- douu, for Ms memory was: beginning- to fail, bat he seemed much: more coutented&fter; that, and I don't s'pose he ever: h&d; a notion tee place would be sold. So three years or more went by, and the family knew not a breath about it, though real estate specu lators had been sniffing -round and 'inquiring, the price of land. The three unmarried Meadows girls were home that- summer —all dead now. They were remarkable- women; all celebrated Tfor the strengths of their intellect. One kep' 'steool, and; another was a writer, Almira Meadows — mebbe you've heard of her. She was pretty famous,, aud wrote a book on Second Advent principles, called 4 The LasfKiusp.' Bat that don't matter. The. three girls were all; to hpme that summer,. and were enjoying themselves waIL They loved every stick and stone and bush on the old form, and they were women of strong feelings. One morning there came & letter from the agent in New York, the old form was sold. XX a thunderbolt had fallen out of a rilear sky it couldn't baveshook that family up worse, and when father-in-law was spoke to about it he was struck all in a heap. Having put snte & big price on the farm., he felt just as safe as if he had bete hi a bomb-proof. And now1 the old place was gone for a pile 'of money. He- wouldn't plead a word of excuse, bdt sat h&unched; over and all drawn into himself while tee women folks look on. . . . "We soon found oat that Banker Gilchrist was tee purchaser. I guess the women folks put their heads together to try arid 'ftroxk on -the. haitifrifw tete"hgs, f6r: tfiey; wroth and? .iiivited h.im.to come out" and . visit the farm. j Ahd MbttierMredbwrwreiafoU3n'gpodboold n6 bettemnywhere. Sotee laid; herself ostto: get up a toa ttfat vreuld: move aay man vteree1 isen&ibditieB;' eould- be reateed. : thronghi tea stomach; - Sate wafftes and - honeyj aim .light? biscuit itidoesone gpodfo thmk of. Wellthe 'hanker, came; and he was polite-and dausihle rml smooth as. oiL as he always ; is. Codldeee 'your foce in . Ms hat; They had managed, as "they tiicughtj.to gpt thB old mau off4 to ; town; but he. must" have suspected J something, , and when th'ey w.ere alt sftting dbwn at fome; the? women folks wite' tears in their eyes -begwi to be: Gtichrirtsimnltemedios-tO5 give 5Uptee>bar-' gain and not insist ait takmg teeoid. farm and , the grave of: their dead; meaning: Eii. Oik chriBt isterewd. and sharp einougdi . Ell . war rant, . bnt wheu- this onBet , was made he; was 'completely thrawn. off. his balance, -and-hB had' begun a very- polite, speooh -to the tearful old' Woman end hex girls, eayingthe sale. was. all; \- foir; and square, T>ut of coarse if the old man -was not quite himself , broke down with trouble or. otherwise impaired— he had 'justgot to teat1 point' whte the old man walked in, straightnr a die, and with'-his eyc birrninglike alive tote in big - head, end -he -stalked totheheaiL of. the- table and he stood there solemn,, frowning, awfok on tee women folks, . and .says he; . ' Bank Gilchrist, the sale was. fair and. square, Jegsl innll particulars, and the farm is yours, ana he brought down Ms fist with a great thump on the table. 4 Don't youliBten to a passel of women: when it's me you've got to deal with. I d6nt say hut Eve been foolite, but' now l've passed, my word; and- by the Eternal It shall stand. If I had promised the heart but of my body. yon should have it; fori never passed toy word yet that I did not keep it; and I never will.' 44 And nothing would do but the old man must have pen and' ink that very minute and e%n the ded. Well, that's tee way Hewitt's Mill became Fort HOI. The old name wasn't stylish enough fdr the rich city folks. Gil christ he bought right and left, and made his big park, and capitalists came in and invested handover fist, and yon can see what's corner of itrMisa— a place for style that beats any on tee railroad. 44 But I. must: tell you. about tee old man. After the farm was sold he went down pretty fast, and at times appeared to be slightly un balanced. One. day just before tee family moved oat, we missed him for. a good many hours, and l made a. search and found him up at Eli's grave in the medder, close to tha wood. It was the spring of the year, and the birds were sinking. And what do you think the old' man had been doing F Why, he had carried a spdc and crowbar, ani had dug up the coffin and had pried it up out of the grave by main strength. And there he sat by it, now with Ms hat off , leaning his head on the coffin lid, Ms long, grey hair, flowing in the wind. He had always been such a. strong man, I was sorry to see Mm broke like that, so I' went np softly and pat my hand on his shoulder. 44 4 Oh,' says he, 4 Eben, is that you? You see I couldn't leave the boy here on the Gil christ place, and it has occurred to me that I hain't got a foot of land of my own where I can lay him. 44 4 What ! says I, making believe surprised, 4 when you are a rite man and sold the farm at such a big- figger. ' 44 4 No,' says.be with a sigh, 44 not a foot of ground I can. call my own.' 44 4 Well, father-in-law,' says I, after X hacL studied on it a little, 4 Til take Eli and bury him on my own place, aud I promise you he sha'n't be moved while Hive.' And so I did, and that's one reason why there'll be Hewitts here for a good while to come. I shall fix it in my will that that grave isn't to be sold out of the family What became of the old man, did yon ask ? Oh, he died before long- — dropped down, in a fit — and never knew what hurt Mm,. and the women are all dead and gone all but mv wife, and she's hearty, thank God. — Ktw York Times . 