Boxing Day Regatta. The Regatta and Sports on Monday can safely be denominated successful in every way. Thc committee worked hard aud. did the best they could to render the day a good one, and if some little dissatisfaction did exist on one or two points, no individual member could be blamed. Anyhow each endeavoured to carry out well the excellent programme they had arranged, and the result was a splendid success. Mr. Lyons must be particularly mentioned as working like a Trojan during the day-, and his exer- tions contributed not a little to the general excellence of the day's sport. The arduous duties of secretary-were well carried out by Mr. H. Barr. ~ Luncheon was provided at Mrs. Unbehann's and a splendid spread provided. The eveut of the. day was certainly the cutter race, although the race was known to lie between two boat a only-tbe.'*CleveIand" and thc " Heath." The wind was light from the S.E. in the morning and veered several points E. during the afternoon. In this wind the " Gladys,'?- a 19ft cutter, had not the ghost of a show, and thc " Doroi hy." McKenzie and Menzie's new craft, carried away ber rudder soon after starting. The I two larger boats went ont side L>y side, tne " Gladys " at an ever-widening distance following, evidently in tue hope that some- thing would go wrong with the works of one of the others. The Pilot Cutter "lay to wind- ward of the Cleveland and led slightly np to the fourth beacon, the latter craft sailing alongside and the Pilot's sails keeping the wind from her. The Cleveland then kept .way and passed some 110 yards to leeward of the Pilot. When she was clear she hauled on the wind again'and keeping the same course as the Heath drew up to the Buoy, which she rounded some 5 minutes ahead. The pilot had carried his top-sail oiit but had been too close-hauled for it to be of much service. On rounding the Buoy be set a spinnaker. but it proved of no serviee.' The Cleveland then set a gaff top- sail and led V»a,-aaK.i^i>iJ tho roinaiador. of the course, bat could not get neap. Thé victory ot "the Cleveland was an extremely popular one and looking at her build and her rig, the Heath should not consider herself badly beaten.' ..; The chief event on shore was the Sheffield Handicap, and the victory of Jack Wilkinson in this was another exceedingly popular win. The final heat was a very close one, the two Pynes and Jack Wilkinson starting. Jack, off the ll½yds mark, ran in his usual plucky, not to say desperate style and keeping up his speed managed to breast the tape some two or three inches before Frank Pyne. This was one of the most exciting finishes done in Cairns for a long time. Jack is a "regular demon" for a hundred yards, but by a little training there is no doubt that he would do 150 in fairly fast time. As it is he trusts to downright determination to take him over the 30 or 40 yards remaining after he is getting "done." The flattie races did not prove the exciting contest anticipated. The wind was first rate giving the sailers two or three points free going,"' and' allowing them to return bye. th% wind ;'ripping. Full. ¡ -The . entries were' numerous but in the 20ft race as well as in the 16ft race, the " Gee-Gee," owned by Wilkinson and^ Harrison, gave thc others no chance of ever catching her. The winner of last year, the " Shotover," was nowhere alongside, .the, " Gee-Gee "r who came.- in about >Ja" half-mile . or rjíore ahead.1 Thc others were more or less scattered over the conrse¿ some of. them gettinsr too much to leeward of the beacon and so throwing away their chances. In the 16ft flatty race tho "Gee-Gee's" competitor was "Chips" (Messrs. Bulcock and Co.,) which came iu secoad-7-about.-ia; mile astern of the mar* piously "quick-sailing -"Gee-Gee."-" This flattie is the boss of thc Inlet now she has beaten last year's champion by !so much. In the open boat race Dan Franklyn, in the Customs whaler, demonstrated^bowJt wis possible tb put sucbla boatlö>jt«;wini| . ward without the external ostentatious use of the centretboard. Billy Wbitesides .i^ed in his little whale-boat as' long as "t here was a good breetse, but asit.lightqned under the lee cf the hill the boats with more can rass caught bim. . Besides, he .was staggered at the ; extradrdihary : feat i of t he',' Customs whaler hanging up to windward as she did. I John Miller,',in his dingy tigged.fore and aft, came in second in this race and first in the' didgy race.' As regards: the. pulltng ''taTmnj - gcvat"Hextëiit"*mofisr - the various crews, except;in the, single sculls .which Louis Johnston took "after'a hird struggle. A. ,scratch., crew ..got. ..tqgether on the wharf pulled to Victory - a' ' whale boat fróu'i the Lucinda.. .The Chinese sailing race was a fine event and the junks! went over the course in splendid time. The way they went alwnt would put some of the yachts to shame! . ..?'[ : : ';" -, _ i . * There are certain to be mora matches re- sulting from this day's regatta both among the open boats and tile flatties. There, will likely, be a Match' tetween{tk!Clesela«¿íand the Heath round Fitzroy Island. On Mon- day a consolation race, will take place among all taget;-.,: v';frrj~'-i q ?'¿Í.'V^MÍÍ V'y 