'I jAmongst:tho officers appointed for tho fire brigade demonstration at Bailarat nro Captain Caeey, Maryborough, referee; Cap tains Why h»,. St. Arnaud; Fusseil, Dunolly ; Bjgnoljj .Donald; and Coopor, , ClunoB, as exauinors; Mesaro' Clicllew. Avoca: Cutler aqrt Q.B Coacy, Maryborough, timekeepers. In connection with the demonstration wo notico .with pleasure tlmt au important altera tion' in tbo fire engino events wan adopted "at' ;thn meeting of delegate,! hehl in tbo Mol- bourne Town Hall'm, Friday last. In tbo past, .with so much depending on tho pump log, inoet unfair work baa been clone 'and would ovor. continue as long no depon.lanco bad to bo placed on outsiders to do tho fnr u'i\nlB compotiog. That diffi- eu tj ban now boon overcome, and for tho fuluro all ougmn competitions havo to bo done without water. In tbe now regulations the competing tcamn run 25 yards te engine, lock the forecarrtago, extend handles, and place the engine-, n thorongh working order for a fire, run out miction and delivery hoso taken rUro rn" vDRnInMk' th tiB»e 10 bo taken from fall of flag to the laat man 'f"'"'"'; 10 B,ar,infi place. Wo aro further plcasod to note that the credit of bringing is dot »n1h"np0rtam -nnrl ',Mirab, """ration , ' ?0r,FUc r«Ptc»ntativo of tho Avoca .Brigade (Capt. Chellow), who wan WnoTf"1 rJec!,edt0 ,ho Position of time- held n't wonstratwu which is to be held at Bailarat during the second week in Alureh next. that M-nei' 'V.r0 that M. George Ejlis, inspector of police, hap boep apputnlod inspector of the licensing dutrietn of Avoca, Banliba, Dnnolly, Homo, bmil Maryborongli, Moonambul, Stuart Mil) Wo regret to have to record the deaths of- two old ri'titlcnfe of tho dintrict during the past few Horn, viz., Jlr Picreo Jllanclifieid and Mr Chaijes Calnan. The former wao GG years of age) and died after a protracted ill- nenn from clneer in the ntomacb, and tlio latter exi-irejt nn Sunday- after only two 1 1 ay a' aii-knn-a from apoplexy, having reached tbo i irm ago of 74 years. Tbe remains of Mr Blanelijold wero interred in the local cemetery .oi . Thursday,, rim tmrial service beibg necdrfling to the tenots of tho , Roman Catholic, Ciimcli, of, which l-oth.of.the (je- ceaaed wefo adiiorebtsi -'Tho body of Mr 'Calnan , ia fto be' buried at Talbot to-day; .the funeral .. procession passing through the town at noon en route for that plaeo. The departure of tho Rev. Father Leniire, -one of the fathers of tho -Holv. Ghost Order. lins oeeuuioned regret thrpiighout the district. At Majorca on Friday night the rev. gcntlo- tnan was the recipient, of . an. nddrcss and a purse of -BbvercignB from tlia Rouian Catlio- licB at that place. A eiuiilar compliment was paid to Father Lcinire by the Catholics in the Avoca portion of ilio pariBfi on Satur day .'last. MrrE. Ilayca being the pre senter. ' This evening a furowell presentation is to bo mado in. St Augustine's Church, Maryborongli, and a substantial sum has been raiaed for the purpose. : Free education is to bo provided for Ireland. The Queen of Roumania, Carmen Bylva, in bettor. Mr Munro states that financial adricos from. London nro so gloomy that thero is no liopo of floating nloan for the next fow months', and therefore ho must issuo Trqiaury bondH. Tho Bend igo 'people aro pressing Mr -O/nJiam to boi.i the Grand 3iali-ansl.'iihow at. Bendigo Ihia year. Tlio North Melbourne magistrates -ordered Goorgo Sterling to pay up the arrears of hie wifeV maintenance, with £5 Sb costs, al though Stirling proved, ami tho woman ad mitted, that her firat huBband is still living at Curamut. An appeal has been lodged. At tbo St. Arnaud Polico Court on Friday John Grant waa charged with boing drunk and participating in a diafurbanco bh tlio 19th December. Tlio iiofondant who ap- poarcil in court in an intoxicated atato was finoJ JEl for the offence with which ho was charged and-.conlompt of court in appearing (t i-ii nt-ati nmHtinn. or thi'OQ days no- -' prisonmcut.- On . receiving tho vordict of I tho court, prwoncr returned thanks and was removal by tbo police. „ . I Concerning tho closing of tho Holy Ghost f Collejfo In Bailarat, a correspondent writes' tho " Bailarat Star" . — Tho college has been I actually disestablished fnr more tlmn a week. I Tho cause was naver an jneuifioiency of tlio ( teaching but u ,.viU\nUaV(aV ot ' ttio members of the order by tbe superior in Franco owing to private reasonB of a serious nature. - - ' " - ' ' Daniel O'Dbnogliub; laborer, tbrasbod W. Stanway, labor oflieo keeper. Melbourne, for refusing to return -a ten shilling foe ho paid tO BOcuro a; aituation which .waa pre-" vioualy' fi'lod. ' The magistrates 1 dismivsad the assault case, saying that Stanway de served a beatiug. A Congress, .of Fat Men ! It baa been held at Berlin. ;;Herr Berg, ii browor, from Straian, waa tlio largont man in the bongreas, wbigbiug 399 . lb. Ferdinand Colin, from A'ogeinundo.'anotlier dologatb. to the . con gress, weigea HG6 lb, while Horr Hubert, a salnon-kccpor of Berlin, woigliB 364 lb. ; Even yet wo do not seem to havo roaclicd . (ho ifniit of hunian'iuge'uuity in' tlio matte r of i automatic, machines— Tho. vory latest aoto mution ia said to be a bobt-cleaning machine, whiolv .performs ita - appqintoil tank on tlio dropjiihg of tho uauul coin Into Ilio inevitable fslot"; a V rinonf llin haof VinTtJfo 4 hn f n ifnnnrv /Jr1 nan wa a., a. s..w wwtvv kim'iiu %iuw w j umaafj » um41 i form is tliat;of kocping. any- accurate acconnt of 'hor 'o\vh'' persoiial bxpehEci';J''anil the auiallor the itoma tlio uio/q important to kbep accbunt'of them. Few people realise libwr a large.pro portion of their lupiioy. runs, away in! little- expehditurbu "of lialf-diines, dimes and quarters. I'lvon tho insignificant penny has a way of cputitio'g updliaf enrpri'so oue. Car-fares, soda-water, ice-croain, candy— and tho money is gono 1 It iB Only when ono puts down'tlib'sniall. itenis 'in plain. black tind wldtothat . ono .'realises tho importanoo of looking after tho' little outlays. If girls wero taiight' to koep nn account of every pennydhoapbndthoywoiihrho.betterpre- pareti tb Bpond'mbney jiidioipusly whoa they b'ecomo wivi»rh6iimkbi j»'«nu' piibvidera for fnniifici..'.lGive'tfie'girls .Troguliir alloivarico, . .and. then require. :a strict account .to bo. kept of .the way. in , which it iH spent— and in a few years we will hoar less about thriftless; and extrayugant women.. ,..,1 It is estimated that' 3,500,000 stool pons aro .consumed daily. It is interesting to know what; they do. For instance, thoy niako lovo, write gushing poetry, scrape out- tlio briefs in a broach of promiso suit, cut and thrust at ropntation, scratch out roolistio novojB.and political, e'ditorinlv, olironielo son- sations', puu this and bulitllo!that,,-and, in ahditiio inoib.to muko a break, to save .and destroy, to civiliso and dogiado tho, human rao'o'tlmn anything else' linder tlio'aiiti., , ! " Hell in (hp Kitchon."— An, -investigation into sotne'roal csthto titloB, says a'Branden. bprg, (Prussia) .correspondent, recently mado at that plaooj roreiiled' tho peculiar' idiosyn- cijasy'df d;forme'r residont, Mr Louis Hamil- .t(jn-,-in'ni»»ning'iiis chiidrbri. ' Tho1 names of ,hi8 childron. pre— London'. Judge,1 Hebrew -Fpshion, Cjiineso ;Figurb,':Rdputdblo King dom, .Greek Wisdom, iind' it is'also aaid that hp "had a daughtdr, now 'doad; whoso' naino was " Hell in tno lfitelion'."rr . n:>'-' 'An .eleefrical'flyinir macliino was recently' made to riso to a height of 70- fool," and .fly'.' about 400 yards. Alluding to ,|ho death pf tho, Duko of Ctaronco and Ay'nndnlo, Sig'nor.Crispi.'Tresi. dont of the Italian Council, says' that " Eng land's sorrow is ItuIy'B sorrow." : " The ' Spectator'' has ' souio' portinont and facetious roinarks to" make anont ccr tajn inhospitablo treatment accorded to- "a clergyman and several reportere . attending tho last mooting of tho Portland aliiro coun cil at Hoywood. Tho Rev. W. C. Wallaeo had attended to solicit a donation for tho Hamilton hospital and was, when the deputa tion was finished with, asked by somo of tlio councillots to havo lunoli with tho coun cil. The latter went into tho public bouso to have their usual feed, but no ono asked the rovorend gentleman to sit down nor waa tho courtesy oxtendod to tho geutloman of- the press.. Those stood back until thoy saw that " honorable 'mombors" bad taken their seats, and when tlio president tobo and said thai although it had beon usuiil to invito visitors to tho president's dinner tho councillors nnd officials must bo acoommodated first, adding " nftor that wo will bo glad" — tho " visitors" loft, not to return. Amonget European countrieo Belgium still exceeds all. olhcra in density of population; tlio proportion is C30 persons to a square milo. Belgium is followed by Holland with 365 to .tho. sqnaro mile, and tho United Kingdom with '31 2. If wo tako England alone wo find tlio density to be closo on 480 to the square milo, still considerably below that of Belgium. Tfio density in Scotland in only about one fourth that of England, whilo tliut of Ireland is one-third. The moot thiuly populated countrion in Europe are Norway and Finland, which havo only 16 peoplo to tho aqnr.ro milo. . Reported that Princo Gcorgo now tho heir presumptive to tho throne, is engaged to a daughter of Princo Christian, of Schleswig Uqlntoin, ,_and , tho Princess Holona, the (Queen's third daughter, Fjrsl Campus, ->TI.ie iuMUlf ruilking''eow_by, inpchipbry is .(eAya,auexchange)rby no means-n new" one! Daylesfird Agricultural Society- aro about to ask tie Minister of Agriculture to offer a prize fa an efficient and practical milking inachinithat will supersede.. hand-milking." SmiiK tine ago the Department of . Agricul ture leoived . several uem of drawings from several |crsons in America ; but the objec tion raisd was that the toats hist their elus- ticitv afer the machine was used lor a, whilo, and "that consequently, tlisuhilk driCbled jon't of tiiein, perhaps in tliM.flold, It appears tlio priuciplt of tho drawings was" that tubes should bi attached to tho teats, ami tho nuo tion drov all the milk from tlio udder. Tho Secretary for Agriculture, howovor, Btates that lie baa rebeivod information thal a ma- chino hai been invonted in England which works admirably, and that" probably ono would bo imported shortly by the' department for trial. So far aYwo-'can'Tearn.' it'ie'-un- likely (hat a'nv prize will bo offered as sug- gested, at all events till the English ono has been tested.'' T" A Government Oazetfc extraordinary issuod on Saturday afternoon directs that Sunday tho 24th inst., to observed as it day of gon- eral mourning in Victoria, and tint iho offi cers of the Government and all other of her Majesty's Bubjecta, be invited to'v/earmonrn- ing on that day, Regarding tho political situation tlio re construction of the Cabinet will not receive tho consideration of Mr Shiols for soins days. Tho question of tho policy to bo adopted has practically boon sott'ed so far as tho main points aro concerned. A3.1ias been Btntcd tlio one- man-one-.voto- bid will form ..the' principal item, and in. prdor;to mollify fba funnoia tlio IncrciiHod,. stock), tax vvilt bo proposed." It is thonglit that with tliis double-barrslloil-programmetho Shicls cabinet will bo abjo" to seciiro a majority in tho country, becansa'thb labor' party is oxpeotod to support nn ihcreasod 'stock tax. and bo- oause also it is'snticipatod tlmt tho'prospoct of the tax boing increased will intluco. tho farmers to abandon . opposition to tho pno- mnn-ono-voto question. As indicated in tho Argus ot Thursday, a Substantial inorniso of tiio stock tax, along with the oho-ni'an- ono- voto proposal, will forra'Ieading foatiires of tho now Govornment programme. It is also intendod that thorp shall bo a foyision nf tho railway 'chnrtres.' and it" 'is vofv likolv that tho imposition of boor and tea duties will, bo proposed . - Tbo desirability of making cor: tain .reductions in. .tho public .sorvico ... has been spoken of, but it is improbable. that anything of tho kind will bo determined upon. , ' Tho average choir furnishes mnny. a ludi- QtOtlH inciimt. .. 'CVw rft,nali-a.j»C Uio 1 -wvAuw oomoiimos occur does not . unducp to pronounced piety. The ehoir was preparing a beautiful Boloction, tho first words. of whioh wero "I'm a' pilgrim "!!It ao hap pened that tho music divided tho ' word pill grim, and made .a pauso . after .Alio JJrst ,syl». lable. Tho effoct was most.amusiug. Tlio soprano sang in a high key, " I'm a pil--" and stopped ; tho alto repented, " I'm n pil — " and stopped ; tho tenor- acknowledged he was a" pill—" and when the baas came tluin dering in liko'a doblaratipn.V'/Ilmi pill" it was too much for tho gravity; of tlio'singere. A romance in Imperial life; hnsrendod tra gically at Vienna. Tvventy-threb years ago, tho Arebduko ITenry, son of the. late Areli- duko Raioer, and cousin to tlio Emperor, fell in lovo with a' young actress, and married her sourelly. r -'Such "a, breach of otiqiictto oost him hia'position ari-2 tlio'greatbr portion of his inonmo, -tlio Archduko and his wifo being oxilod for -some years'. ' Tho Emperor then relented so far .on to . ennnlilo the wifo under tho title of tho Baroness Wai leek and to pormit the couple to live, on h' si'niill' narnin at Urttrxnn in tins 'IVrnl At tlin ; Crp.yvn.Princo of Austria's funr-riil ; the /Em- i poror met anil was rccouoilod IV hie disgraced i relative, whom, both- lin -. and tho Empress " afterwards visited in'liis homc.'a'rid ' festered' to Court favor. - . Tlni Archduko and Ba-o- noss visitod Vionna for tho- recent Imperial wedding, but, they 'caught1 coiilj'hn-I 'died ; .within a fow hoiirs o each other frnm-oon- gostion of tho lungs. 1'heir mariiago liad been must happy throughout, and. their great est desire was never (o bo souariite-l.overi in death. "'"Ah drily'ndaughter;>,is-!'.li)ft,''.vii -lovely fairgiri hf;18, who wilPbo. atlbpi'Priv;by, hbf childless "unbl'o1, riiiil an annt,' tho ' Arcndukp ,«nd Archduchoss Raine'r. !: _ ...... ' | , Thd Germans aro evidently watching tlioir, Eiiipe'ror wit_h!closo attention, and-wiifi a per tain roiidinqss to bcliovo that lie - does ex- . traordjnary .things. Tho statement thotjie' .Imp published sermons preached by- iiimsulf . on. board the Imperial yacht is nowr-denied, and it is affirmod that the sermons wore written by the chaplain, and only read by Ids Majesty in the chaplain's absence. They wero then published with an advertisement which, led to tiio illusion. There must ho somo similar explanation of tho apovch which tho Nescer Zcitiing asserts that the Emperor delivered to tho recruits of the 1st; Fool Gu arils at Potsdam, and which is half- admitted by tlio official Post to be aoenrate ; — ' ltecruitB.'you-bavo in tho proaence of tho consecrated servants of Qqd and before' the altar, sworn fealty to me. You have, -my children sworn fealty to mo, whioh rnoana that you have givon yoursolres't mo, body and soul. - 1 Tlioro exists for you only one enomy, and that is uiy onoiny. '- With tho prosent Socialist agitation it may possibly happen that I may have to order you— which God forbid— to shoot down your own1 rela tives, your brothers, Pud oven your paronts, biit it I dol bo you must obey without a uiur tnur." , It is conooivablo thata modern Em peror may liavo thdiVght such sentences, but inconceivable that ho should have pronouocod them. Thoy accentuate toodeoply the con flict befweon discipline and the moral luw. - A littlo girl natnod O'Doa, living near tho Grampians,; when leading a calf to pasture,' put ono end. of tho 'rbpo round her own'neok, and in the gambolling Pf tho animal, the1 child beoamo etranglad; » A lad named Oscar Brown- bad a narrow escape with his iifo through a gun accident - at walhalla yesterday morning, It appoaro ho was pulling a loado'd gbn from under his bod, holding it by tho rou'zzlo, whon it acoi- dontly . wont off, blowing a largo piece out of tbn front part of tho thigh, but tho wound is not likoiy to prove fatal. A disgraceful incident occurred on Friday (sayB tho Ago) just boforo thomeoting nf the Trades Hail Council. ' Some person unknown who ie believed to bo quite unoonhectod with the institution, wrote in chalk in largo' tetters'- on tho pavomont in, front of tho hall, tho words—" Glorious news'. Death 'of apaupo'r." Saving of £50,000 po'r year of the pooplo'B oarningB." As the menibors of thu council caiuo up to tho building tlioir attention was naturally attmetod by tho writing, and groat indignation was oxpreBBod'iit it. Tbo ball- keeper was sont for, arid he quickly offaecd tho marks with a mop; No rofofenoo was made at tho inoctiDg of tho counoil to tho . death of tho Duke of Claronce. _ Tho total yield of sold in Quoonaland for Bix montliB ending 3lHt Docombor last, is 286,950 ouneos ; total yield for year, 559,392 Within the laat day or two General Gourko Iibb boon romoved by the Czar from hie Polish Command-in-C'nief, headquarters, Warsaw, whero the regular force is 120,000 mon. ostonnihjy to cliain down Poland, but a continuous irritation to Germany and Austria. Every now and again he hae fulminated apmo injudicious threat against Germany. Ho won distinction in tho lluaso-Tiirkish -war, 1878' by! bis brilliant dash over tho Balkane to Adrianoplu, I — ' 'A. Ministerial c'nlB bttB arisen is Portugal It was- discovered that 8enor Carvalho, the Treasurer, had illegally advanced a railway company, £800.000, and great public indig nation was. expressed. The Ministry re signed in" conscqnonce of tlio scandal. Count Wahlorn ia now ongaged in forming a new Government. A commission Us been ap pointed to thoroughly investigate the railway scandal. The information oh)nmed by the Mining 'Department shows tlltoho /gold I yield ' fori 1891 was 577,629 _oz. as compared: with 586 560 oz for thn-provioue year, showing a fulling off of 13;931 oz. : , . jt j,a, transpired that Cardinal Manning e teetotal principles rendered hie proper medi cal treatment difficult. His illnosB lasted only-throe days, . Ad vices from.. Rome state that If ia Holiness Pnpe Leo XIII is- pro foundly iiffecteil by the Cardinal's dentil. The London Trades' Council has passed i rcuolu tion expressing regret at tho irreparable loss theivorking classes havo sustained by the death 6f Cardinal Manning, who wns a true friend to labor. It is expected that the Bight Riov. Herbert Vaughan, D.D., Bishop of Sulford, will aiiecccu uarainai .Manning uu Archbisbnp of Westminster. > A atriko of a hundred stonemasons em ployed at tho Law Courts snd new fish mar ket has occurred on account of the employe deducting sixpenco par man weekly for ac- oidont assurance. Sarah Jonoa, Collingwood, has been com mitted for. trial for improperly rcgiatering her child's birth She ga"o «s the fathor a man wlio died five years ago. The tug-of-war eoptests attractod an ox trsnrdinttrilv lnrgoattcndsnee to tho Exhibi tion, and "produced immense -excitement Some of tho ovonts were splondidly con tested, notably thai between tlio Welsh aud Scotch teams, which the Scotchmen, won. Thero was a warm discussion at'lho North 'Melbourne" Branch o'f "the A-N.A. on Thurs day eroning, when tlio'presidont and Boveral memhors declined. to accept invitations to the banquet on Anniversary. Day, on acconnt of tbo fact that tbo Govornor bad been in vited. They' took tho ground that the Branch would bo playing an inconsistent part, but ovorit'ually two members were appointed to represent theBrnncli. Although a very larg area has this year been under wheat in the Mallee district, it is stated that ri much greater quantity of land will bo undorcrop next year. Ail over- that portion of tho Upper Wiuimera district the sorubii being rolled down, and tho land pre pared for soo.ling. Ono land owner, Mr Lascelles, it is stated, purposes .putting down no less. than 20,000 acres uOiUr wheat. The HoUln ii ant\ tVic cout putting ill a orop \h trifling compared with tho heavy -lands of this portion of the -colony, whilst good yields nro obtained. Tho prioo of bread wns yesterday roducod in Bailarat to Gd'per'41b loaf. -. It is.jnorp.than probablo, says tho.-v'Star," that - the meeting of tho Exocutivo! Council held in Bailarat on Saturday will not be the Inst held in this city. During tbe stay of hit Excollonoy the Qovemnr at His 'station at -Woodlands, it is quite probable it i muy he fonnd'necessary to hold Council meetings inr Bailarat; and the Mayor (Or8hopee) liBB>writ! ion. to thoGbvornrir in Council/proffering the use of tho city hall tin such occasions in future. Tho Mayor regards this step as strengthening the'ciaiins 'of this city to consideration' for ho- ing tho fcdcral.capitafv '" ! Tile l'nhlic Service Board haVP'-roJiiced Jflr Mainle. the clerk of courts, Oeelbng,;£25 ynnily, for intoxication and' neglect of duty. Ho is to ho transferred to Port Meloiirpp.,: . | Influenza caiiNinc'grcat mortality, |.in! Eng land. Amringst _tho latest - deaths aatn" tlinse of Major Gonorai Loril Abinge'r; aged fijjj'ahd fta'vj a iJ lit! »»ai' Tt®»4 sunif1 TTpIIi- 3i of tho Chatharii.Drickyarii. / , !-' An iniporiant sale of wheat, by pnblio auc- tion-has bpen'helil at Girrogery, near Albury, - under the njifpicea of the, U;«um Farmers', llnioii, when (5000' haga of wliuat worii sold at prleoataver'nging Truth -4s 3d to. 4s 5-1; Thia is an inor'eaaqof about 3d perbnshol' on tbe beaturieea offered privately, this' season, 'and. the far- sora are well satisfied with the roault of their now co-operative venture. In order ' t-o nyold cxpenee, ' the ; union appointed on-y of itsmombera, Mr O.J. Morton, an ex-presi- -.dent, to conduot the saloj and an auctioneer's . liconao was taken out.in his nam;. .Tho ar- ;rangemont3 at-tho ealn-wero of course far from) perfect, but tbo farmers -"h'opo to _ have . them considerably' improved by- tho ueXt aalo -which thoy propoao. to hold somo time - next: month.;' The wheat sold is all to bedeliyered, by tfie sellers at tho Gorogery .'railway , afc -tion..-. ; .- '' i'-.i '! 