The Slowbot) Family Ghost v There was no end of excitement at Hollydale when it became known that a gentleman re joicing in the name of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grange. The old house had been empty for many a year. It was once the residence of a wicked old squire, wno morrgageu his estates to the tops of the trees in the carriage drive, drank port until he required an escort to bed, and was nicknamed Nimtod on account ot his sporting proclivities. ... , 7 The building, with its many painted gables, mossgrown terraces, and surrounding grounds, had an evil name, aud it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustering night, with snow in the air, and the wind shrieking like a pack of banshees. The people of Hollydale all agreed that if Cypress Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it had huge panelled rooms, dim and mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a piece of old armour still remaining upon the walls, and yast cellars, where perhaps in j days long past conspirators had whispered plots, or men, women, and children bad lain hidden, ; and trembled as they listened to the thunder of war between Cavalier and Roundhead, So it was just the very happy hunting- ground for a good old-fashioned gho6t, grim, ghastly, and deliriously transparent in the moonlight. Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rats, and mice. As for the ghost, it might walk « « liked, or keep away. He was perfectly inde pendent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghost of his own— a real family ghost. He was blessed, among other enviable things, -with a handsome wife, a sturdy son and heir, an extremely- pretty daughter, and plenty of money. Some people said that he had founded- his fortune on pickles ; others that he had, so to apeak, tumbled head first into a mine of precious metal during the Australian gold fever ; a few whispered that he had made thousands in a single day. on the Stock Ex change ; but all agreed that he was a jolly, opeu-handed, generous, plain-spoken, _ no-hum- bug-about-him gentleman, and that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in fact, all the tirades- men, except the undertaker (who, by the way, knew more comic songs than anybody in. the village, and sung them well, too), received such astounding orders that they met in the village street and shook hands with each other. Speech failed them, and they could do nothing but gasp aud grin in their delight. It was rather late in Deoember, 18S0, when ths small army of bricklayers, carpenters, fur nishers, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and made room for the Slowbob family and tne servants, xne very nrsi ining me new squire did was to frame a programme for the forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to be attended to, the school children to feast their hungry little interiors on good things and their eyes on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and —well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving his sister Dinorah to the rail way station in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn out, aud Tim handled the ribbons in a masterly style ; hut smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah, with her cheeks glowing with health, her dimpled chin making love to a sable boa — lucky boa ! — her blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet peeping out — tney insisted on peeping out, aud would take no denial— from under a large bear- skin rug. 44 1 wonder. Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol-shot, 44 if they will both come down by the same train ?" To this question Dinorah vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and an expres sion half demure, half mischievous settled on her face. And not without reason, for Captain Herbert Rennon— who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and cannon-balls at the business end of it, and was a perfect fire-eater — had whispered certain tender words in her ear, and repeated them on superfine note-paper embla zoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gilderson had done exactly the same thing, and heigho ! it was a choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christmas. There had already arrived one visitor at Cypress Grange — Jack Stanfield, the son of a Manchester man, who had worked his way up from errand boy to millionaire. Jack' waB a rather matter-of-fact young man about two- and twenty years of age, aud looked the very last one to fall in love for some time to come. 4 ( Haven't time," he would say when spoken to on the subject. "You see, my guv'nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a ride on horseback, while Tim and his sister drove to the station ; and they were back again juet as the waggonette with its distinguished company and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and shaking down the hoar frost like showers of diamonds. 44 Here they are !" cried Timothy Slowbob, running down the terrace steps. 44 Welcome my noble captain ! — welcome Gilderson ! God bless you and us all ! Merry Christinas ! Come in -come in ! What splendid weather for the holidays ! Ha, ha, ha!" That laugh was loud and joyous enough io set the church bells ringing out of very sym pathy, and the Btyle in which Timothv Slow- bob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. Captain Rennon was a tall, thin man on the wrong side of 30 ; Stanley Gilderson was his junior by some five years, about the medium height, dark, and would have been good-look ing had his nose not been a trifle too long for his face. He and the captain travelled down from London in separate carriages, and had said very little to each other during the exhilarating drive from the Btation. Neither seemed overpowered with joy to ses Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad-shouldered, and as ruddy as if he passed his life in the open- air ; and to make matters rather more com pli cated, he deliberately lifted Dinorah out of "the waggonette, and placed her, with her feet twinkling in the air, on a st6p swept clean of the snow— which was a bold act, and a rather unreasonable one in a young man who had not the time to listen to Cupid's arguments. The old diningroom teemed with light and warmth when the party assembled later on, and if there was any c&uee; for complaint, it certainly might have come from the sumptu ously-laid table. 44 1 have settled down at last to be a real ola country squire," said Timothy Slowbob, rub bing his hands, 44 and if iife is granted me, I will play the part well. Bless me, I can look back 40 years and see myself scuttling along the foggy streets of London, with my breakfast i in one pocket and my dinner in the other. How little I thought then of being master of Cypress Grange, or dreamed of anything better than a small house and a bit of garden. you," he added, 44 1 sprang from a good etock. The Slowbobs were great people hundreds j>f years ago, and on my mother 8 f aristocratic blood chough turn the pages Burke's Peerage blue. And that accounts for our family ghost." _ , . 44 Haw, haw ! laughed Captain Rennon. 44 Do you really believe in ghosts . ' „ 44 1 don't want to believe— I am convinced, Timothy Slowbob rejoined. ,, 44 1 am not convinced, but I can belie _ » said Jack Stanfield. 44 What is your opinion on the subject, Mr. Gilderson 44 Weally," replied the gentleman addressed, who was blessed with an interesting impedi ment in his speech — u weally — now, weally, l have never seen a ghost, but I d&rethay; other people have. 1 should like to hear whau Mith Slowbob thays." .. , . 44 Oh, I have never seen our family ghost, but I must put implicit faith in my tether, Dinorah said. 44 It is one of his pet Christinas subjects, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dinner." 44 For my own part," Captain Lennon chimed in, 44 nothing would delight me bo much as to meet a ghost. I would turn the fellow to ac count — put him under a glass case, you know, and exhibit Him as a curiosity all over the country. Why, I declare— haw, haw ! — that Mr. Stanfield is quite pale." 44 Under the lamplight, I confess," Jack re plied. 44 But, to tell you the truth. I have read and heard so much about ghosts thatl should not care to exercise my mind much on the subject, lest that- — " 44 You would grow nervous," the captain interposed. 44 You may put it that way if you like," Jack Stanfield returned. 44 1 was about to say, lest it should trouble me, and bother my sleep with ugly dreams." Timothy Slowbob's familygbost was tempo rarily laid, and other things discussed. When ever Captain . Rennon made a remark to Dinorah, Stanley Gilderson glared at him, and when Stanley Gilderson followed suit, the cap tain frowned darkly, and glared at Aim. When the gentlemen were left to their wine it was easy to see that Timothy Slowbob needed no encouragement to tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufficient to set Him going. 4 The story," he said, 44 has been handed down from generation to generation. In the days when Charles the First sat so unsteadily on . the throne, one portion of the Slow- bobs lived in Buckinghamshire. Frands Slowbob owned a goodly estate, and led a quiet, peaceable life, but unfortunately his two sons, fine young fellows, took up armB — Frank for the king, and Philip for the Parlia ment. 44 It was a miserable state of affairs for all concerned. Their grey-haired father implored them on his knees to remain in brotherly love and at home, but he spoke to deaf ears, and his fatherly counsels passed unheeded. 44 Frank rode away to join a Cavalier regi ment bound for Oxford ; Philip enlisted at Uxbridge, which, after the fruitless attempt of the representatives of the opposite parties to form a treaty of peace, fell into the hands of the so- called" Roundheads. 44 The winter of 1646 passed away, and with the spring the lighting began again in real earnest, a oattie was iougnt and won by Cromwell's adherents, and no man felt more flushed with triumph than Philip Slowbcb, who for his valour had been promoted to a cap taincy. 44 Oa that very day he had led a squadron of Ironsides to victory, dashing through the thinned ranks of the brave but despairing Cavaliers as if they were so much paper. And now he sat in his tent, writing to his father, who lay ill and heart-broken at home. 44 4 The war is nearly over,' he wrote, 4 and in a few months I hope to be with you again, to receive your forgiveness aud blessing. If Frank lives, he will see the error of his ways, aud join the popular cause — — 44 He got no farther, for the paper was sud denly snatched by an unseen hand, torn in a hundred fragments, and tossed contemptuously in theair. Filled withhorror, Philip dashed out of the tent, and fled to another occupied by several of his comrades. White to the lips, he told them what he had experienced; but he was only laughed at, and told he had been dream ing" 44 4 No, no !' he wailed; 4 1 was in my sober, wakeful senses. My brother Frank is dead !' 44 4 And slain by your own hand,' whispered a voice in Ms ear. 4 Oh, brother, brother, that it should have come to this !' 44 4 Heard you not thatr Philip shrieked. 4 My brother's spirit declares it was my hand that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeance ; his blood is on my head ! Oh, merciful heaven, what have I done? — what have I done ?" 44 His brother officers, in alarm, sent for a surgeon, who, having bled him, administered a soothing draught, and ordered that he should bs put to bed without delay, and closely watched ; for Philip's sudden malady was put down to a raging fever which often attacked men fresh from the field of battle. 44 Philip made no resistance whatever. He repeated his conviction that hi3 brother Frank was dead, and then lying down, talked calmly, but sadly, to the man placed in the tent. 44 Now Philip suddenly saw a change come over the soldier. His can of steel became a gaily-plumed hat, his breast-plate was trans formed into a tunic, and the man's rou®h features melted into the likeness of Frank 44 Philip knew that he was in the presence of his brother's spectre, and he lay speechless, and bound under an awful r«a11 44 4 Brother ' said the ghost, 4 do not take my death to heart. You slew ine innocently in the charge, and all I ask is that you will seek my body, and see that it is put decently under the earth. I died for my country, and I am per mitted to come to you for a brief time, to tell you that whenever a member of our family is in danger of sudden calamity or of harm being done, I shall warn him or her, as the case may be. Saeh I shall do m the spirit, because I lost my life at my own brother's hands, and the curse that is upon him is- upon me, for we wore at variance, and our hands against each other. I am doomed to haunt the earth from time to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside your arms aud hasten home ; our father is dp1?' riefct that one of his sons should receive his blessing,' „ 8Tarp Rnd started np, audio! there sat the Ironside leaning drowsifv on his sword. The young officer waf so much impressed with the vision, that on the follow- mg day be received permission to return home. And only just m time. His father was dying the sands of his life were running out fasti but he was still conscious. ' "'9h+lm/SOn',-rd the old man, 4 1 have prayoi that you might return. I haVe already seenank but not in the flesh. He is d mZ dead— dead! Woe the hour that you left mv fv -Affd here under this roof lead a new .e- 8rievous error you have committed. Repent in true sincerity of heart, for your »me is short" ' man,s moved again, but the words died away, and his spirit fled. 44 Philip shut himself up in the old house, seeing nobody but his manservant, and ere the year passed he pined and died.' 44 1 thay," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob ceased speaking, 44 what a dweadfol sthory i Hath the ghohth ever been theen r" m On several occasions," Mr. Slowbob replied, solemnly. "My grandmother waff engaged to be married to a ne'er-do- well who had a greedy eye on her money, and the ghost warned her father of iti I firmly believe that if any rascal or adventnrer ever came to my house the ghost would appear and frighten him out of lfce" Captain Herbert Rennon sat silent, and fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled him. He was none too rich, and had made up his mind to woo and win Dinorah, but he wished that she had a better name to j change than such a one as Slowbob. It cer tainly was not commonplace, but on the other frMTid it was neither musical nor aristocratic. 44 By the way," he said, 44 1 should imagine that the family name was originally Sloebough, and became corrupted." "Slowbob is good enough for me, at all events," returned his host, rather sharply. 44 If it had been Thickhead, I should have had to put np with it." On the following morning, after breakfast, Captain Rennon buttonholed Jack Stanfield, ana whispered something mysterious in his ear. 44 Oh, yes," Jack said ; 44 it can be managed without much trouble, but it is rather a dark plot. It might end in fits, you know." 44 1 — I may trust you I hope?" the captain stammered. 44 Certainly." 44 Well, then, I don't mind telling you that I am madly in love with Dinorah Slowbob, and that I would charge an army single-handed to make her my wife." 44 1 will get what you ask, and have it sent down in my name," Jack said ; 44 but you must be extremely cautious. It would be a fearful thing if any mistake was made. Fancy, for in stance, an inquest at Christmas-tide ! The bare thought is too horrible to contemplate." About an hour later Jack Stanfield went for a 41 constitutional " in the park. His face underwent several changes as he strode along like a young giant. Sometimes he looked very grave and exercised in his mind, but now and then he broke into a loud laugb, and snapped his fingers contemptuously. Any stranger might have thought that he was rehearsing a part for amatenr theatricals, but there was something more than acting passing in Master Jack's mind. Suddenly the report of a gun and the whirr of a strong- winged pheasant startled him. 44 Missed again, sir," said a gruff voice. 44 Mithed I I've done nothing but mith the birdth. Here take the beathly gun, Edwards ; my fingerth are tho numb that I can't feel them. Ith time that I went back, as luntheon muth be almost ready." 44 The victim— the rival, I mean," muttered Jack Stanfield. 44 And here he comes. Happy birds, to have no more formidable marksman to fear!" Stanley Gilderson was a sight to see. His 44 get up" would have made the heart of a sporting tailor glad, for his costume was as perfect as his shooting was the direct opposite, 44 Oh, I thay, Sthanfield, vou are the verv man I want to thee," he cried. 44 You may go back, Edwards, aud take that beathly gun with you. I thau't want it any more while I'm here." The keeper touched his hat as he pocketed half-a-sovereign, and muttered, as he turned upon his heel : 44 And a good job, too. The way he handled that 'ere gun made me think that he'd been practising at bottles instead of pheasants." Stanley Gilderson took Jack Stanfield's arm in the most friendly manner imaginable, and as he began to talk, Jack's eyes grew rounder and rounder. 44 You'll doit for me, my good fellow, won't you?" Gilderson said. 44 You thee, if it came addrethed to me it would exthite thuth- picion." 44 Very well, but" — 44 The fact ith," Stanley Gilderson interposed, 44 1 am madly in love with Dinorah Thlowbob. My dear fellah, I'm steeped in love up to my finger-endth, "but I don't thee my way clear to propothe until" \- 44 Say no more," Jack interrupted, 44 1 will write soon after luncheon. " On the morning of Christmas Eve a bulky parcel arrived for Jack Stanfield, and as soon as it had been conveyed to his room he com menced to dance round it as if he had suddenly taken leave of his senses. It was the witching hour of night, when churchyards, according to the immortal bard, yawn and graves give up their dead. Midnight ! Let a man be where he may, there is something mysterious and uncanny in the air after the clock has ceased striking twelve, until chanti cleer, the herald of the morn, proclaims the coming day. Bold is the man who would prowl about the cloisters of the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so still that silence seems to have a voice of its own— ghostly murmurings of departed sounds of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleep in a house reputed to be haunted, aud especially in one where the owner, like Mr. Timothy Slowbob boasts having a pet family ghost. J ust as the hands of the clock were pointing to the hour of twelve, and the hammer trembled and throbbed in its action to strike the gong, there appeared in the picture gallery the and spectral figure of a Cavalier. The costume of the ghost was perfect in every narticular. even in fcHa ln»n - which his ghostship had drawn and clutched in a dead white haud. Ghastly and luminous was the figure's face, and noiselessly moved the Slowbob family ghost over the polished floor bright and shining in the light of the full moon! Oh, it was a blood-curdling and hideous sight ! At both entrances to the haunted picture gallery ran a passage, with spacious bed chambers on each side. Now, the spectre in entering upon its midnight stroll must have passed Stanley Gilderson's sleeping apartment if it held its course, it would come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Rennon. On stalked the spirit of the restless Cavalier Suddenly it stopped and performed a vervun- ghostuke skip, for at the opposite end of the gallery stood a rival spectre ! Ghostaare verv jealous They do not care for company but revel in solitude, and it is no wonder, then, that tins particitiar ghost should be much putout at finding that it had a rival in a select line of horrifying harmless people Into fits Ghost Number One lowered the 'point of its sword, and craned its neck as if half convinced that there must be a tidl mirror at theendtf the galley. Ghost Number Two seemed to be in trouble with its plumed hat, and <£me straight on. One. ' gui:8led Ghost Number Twofah"hh! h!" Gh06t Number Then both howled in chorus, until the house resounded from end to end with the hidwS sounds, and having Btartled everybody from their beds, rell flat and lay still. 44 L?rd bless us, what is the matter ?" roared Mr. Slowbob, tearing out of his B (TCm— Jack! there'B either a pack uf cats or the very deuce in the house !"' HI He was armed with a club, a relic H past, such a one as the ungrateful H might have taken Captain Cook's life », H 44 Don't be alarmed," said Jack sti , H 44 The Slowbob family ghost has laid itself H rather, two of them. Come and see HE When the servants came rushing utKm » IPS scene with lamps and caudles, and arnied ST weapons, from a blunderbuss down to a t Idl ing-fork, the ghosts were found in tlie nS?1" BP gallery. There, m the moonlight, cold U and motionless, they lay. Poor thinm f had fainted. f 44 What the dickens is the meaning this?" bellowed Slowbob, senior 7.101 ' here's Mr. Gilderson and Captain P ' tricked out like masqueraders." . 44 They had better be taken to their rw». „ Jack stanfield said," and at .nor. time I will explain all." 44 Explain all 'r" gasped the old gentle, r 44 It will take some time to explain 1 house should be turned into a galantp.iP ttJ i ' By this time the 44 ghosts" were eloSl'' - covering, and they were borne awav in n rite directions, as limp as rags, then SS - Stanfield gave vent to his feelings t? laughed till he cried, and cried till he Ww > He hung on to anything and evervW; 7 could catch hold of, and looked so awmLir that Tim Slowbob thumped him on the W like a drum and brought him round, 44 It's thefunniest thing you ever heard of "k said, with tears of mirth still streaming fJi! his eyes. 44 Captain Kennon asked me tojS him a Cavalier's dress to play the ghost wiff - His idea was to pay Gilderson a vidt frighten him out of the house. And— ba h ha, oh, my sides ! — Gilderson conceived' th1 sameida, and I had the costumes sent do«r from London. They both rubbed their hand' and faes with phosphorus, and— oh, bra?! ghosts of the Slowbob family !— they met think— ha, ha, ha! — they would have W ' glad to go underground, but the lloor was a little too solid." 4 i « Neither Captain Herbert Rennon nor Stank ' Gilderson seemed to care much for the Christ- mas sports, and although no word was uttered by their kindly host or any member of hia family of the nocturnal revels, both bad a£ up their minds to leave Cypress Orange as soon as they could within the bounds of politeness. ' They departed next day, travel line inseparitt carriages, and each in his heart bade a long and lasting farewell to Dinorah. Early in the ensuing spring the gallant csc. tain saw a noiice ia the T> < <?.> to the effect ttit Dinorah Slowbob had changed her name fr Stanfield. 44 Confound it !" said the captain, tearing tk paper in two. 44 She would have beea my wife now if it had not been for that lying story about the Slowbob family ghost." And, strangely enough, Stmlev Gildetscn was of the same opinion. - — Ji t( . w i! 