Stage Gossip. MÍSB Braddon's novel of " Henry Danbar " ia being adapted for the Princess's Theatre, London. A burlesque of " The Dancing Girl," entitled "The Prancing Ghi," has been produced with much success at the Prince of Wales Tbeatre. Mr. Richard Mansfield, the impersonator of Jekyl and H j de, has issued privately from New York a four-act play on tho subject of Don Juan. The language in this is utmessarily inverted, but there is much that is dramatic in the action which is provided with alternative conclusions for those who dklike a ti a .¡ic termination. A life of G. V. Brooke is being prepared by Mr. W. A. Lawrence. It was expected that the work would be ready for delivery to subscribers early this month. Mr. Lawrence has had the assistance of Brooke's only surviviug sister who has placed at his djsposal a characteristic un- published letter of Edwin Forrest's, relative to his feud with Macready, and a manuscript poem by Brooke on the death of Elton, who like the younger tragedian was drowned at sea. Tue book is divided into 14 chapters, and, beginning with Brooke's appearance at Dublin as an infant Rosciu8, deals with his strolling experiences, his debut at the Olympic, his experiences in America and Australia, and the foundering in the London. Messrs. Longman announce " Dorothy Wallis an Autobiography," which is vouched for as the I real life of a girl, i elated by herself in a series of letters written, from day to day, as the events occur, to her lover, who is a young doctor in the service of a line of steamships. It is said to give a faithful account of the day-by-day life of the modern sti oiling actor who goes about, not alone as formerly in search of an engagement, but with a company from town to town, having to play in town halls where there are no theatres, meeting with luck of varying kind, living poorly, working hard, and suffering from insolvent managers. Mr. Walter Besant is to contribute a préfacé. - Herr B machera, a mimic actor of Vienna, re- cently came into conflict with the police of that city. It appeared on the stage as the Emperor William the First, on his nintieth birthday. Mask and deportment were ably imitated, and when the actor left the stage with much dignity, there was gi eat applause. He next appeared as the Emperor Frederick, wit-h stal- wart form in the splendid cuirassier's uniform, and the-lifelike features of that monaich. The Police Commissions i at this point went to see what was coming next, and in the wing met the life-like effigy of the Emperor William II. The actor was not allowed to appear in this part, as there ia a paragraph in Austrian law which for- bids the representation of living monarchs on the stage. Apropos of some recent remarks in the DAILY NEWS on the Jews in connection with the theatre, attention has been drawn to the fact that Shaks pere's "Othello" and "Romeo and Juliet" have been translated into the Hebrew language, and were published in this farm in Vienna in 1874 and 1878. The gains of successful playwrights at the pre- sent day are such as well might astonish the ghosts of their predecessors. The amount realised by Gilbert and Sullivan from their operas, how- ever, heads the list of all the incomes derived from contemporary theatrical work. Mr. D'Oyley Carte stated a short time ago that the income last year amounted to ¿£37,000, and that the total sum drawn since 1877 was 07er one million sterling, of which Mr. Gilbert received as his share in ll years no less than ¿890,000. A new sentimental comedy, " The Counsellor's Wife," by Mr. Jerome K. Jerome, is to be brought | out in New York. Mr. Henry Irving has been elected an honorary vice-president of the Elizabethan Society. In acknowledging his election, Mr. Irving says he desires much to see extended to our generation a knowledge of the literary culture of the sixteenth century. His card of membership has been enclosed in a case of blue calf, on the side of which has been worked in red and gold a Tudor rose. The rose has been copied by a member of the society from the Greal Seat of King Henry VIII. There has been some correspondence in the Glasgow papers respecting the stage apparition of Banquo's Ghost in " Macbeth." An Aberdeen correspondent sends the following contribution : ° I believe that in the old theatre in Aberdeen, Banquo's head was made to start up through the middle of the table, which was greeted by the boys in the gallery with ' Hullo, Jelly Head !' causing such incessant laughter that the prac- tice had to be discontinued." Yet another theatre is to be added to the long list of those in London. It is to be called " The Trafalgar," and is to be built in St. Martin's lane. Mme. Sarah Bernhardt and her leading man, M. Duquesne, have separated. . Disagreements had occurred during the Australia tour, but they had been made up. However, the cup of Mme. Bernhardt's wrath overflowed when, at a rehearsal of "Pauline Blanchard" in an American theatre, M. Duquesne failed to make his appearance. His place in the company has been filled by Mr. Darmont, the indignant actress de- claring that she would never again play on the same stage with M. Duquesne. The death is announced of Baroness Wallersee, nee Mendel, the morganatic wife of Dake Louis, of Bavaria. The deceased lady, before her mar- riage, was a celebrated actress. It was at her house that the late Crown Prince Rudolph, of Austria, first met Baroness Vetsera, and it was on that account that she was not allowed to reside in Vienna. Paternal government comes very near to the extreme of opera bouffe at Berlin- if a late piece of news be true, which it probably is not. Accord- ing to this news, the young Emperor has ordered the lucky dramatist whose political play lately brought him into court favor, to dramatise a German burlesque of Bellamy's, " Looking Back- wards," as a counterblast to Socialism. This act reminds one of the doughty deeds of the Monarchs of Offenbach. 