NICK OF THE WOODS. " cHAPTERXIX.— Continued. At that conjuncture, and pt wnon Forrester caught hie breath with intense and dtrouring expectation, an incident occurred whioh entirely changed the face of affairs, md snatebed tho viotory from the hands of fi>« Tventuddans. The gallant firuoe, thus calling upon his followers to prepare for the charge, had scarce attend the words recorded, before a voice, lustier even than bis own, bellowed from a bneh immediately on his rear — " Take it like a butcher's bull-dog, tooth sod nail 1— knife and ck all -splitter, foot and finder, give it to 'em every way,— cock-a- doodle-doo V . , At these words, coming from a quarter and from an ally entirely unexpected, young Brace looked behind him, and beheld, emerging from a hazel bush, through which it had jnst forced its way, the visage of Boating Ralph Stackpole : its natural ugli ness greatly increased by countless soratohes sad spots of blood, the result of his leap down the ledge of rocks, when first set upon by the Indians, and his eyes squinting daggers and ratsbane, especially while he was giving utterance to that gallinaoeous slogan with which he was wont to express his appetite for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious salutation. The voioe and visage were alike to Brace's senses; and neither was so well fitted to excite alarm as merriment. But, on the present occasion, they prodnoed an effect upon the young Regulator's spirits, sod through them upon his actions, the most unfortunate in the world ; to nnflnrafrTid which it muBt be reoolleoted that the worthy Kentuckian had, twenty-four hours before, with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting honest Ralph on the beech tree, where, he had every reason to suppose, his lifeless body was hanging at that very moment. His as tonishment and horror may therefore be con ceived, when, taming in some perturbation at the well known voice, he beheld that identical body, the corpse of the executed horse-thief, orawling after him in the grass, "winking and blinking and squinting," as he was used afterwards to Ray, "as if the devil had him by the pastern."' It was a spectacle which the nerves of even Tom Bruce could not stand; it did' wb&t; armed Indians could not do, — it frightened him out of his propriety. For getting his situation, hie oomrades, the savages,— forgetting everything but the fact of his having administered the last correction of Lynoh-law to tho objeot of his terror, he sprang to his feet, and, roaring. " By the eternal devil, here's Ralph Stack- pole 1" he took to his heels, running, in his confusion, right in the direction of the enemy, among whom he would have presently found himself, but for a shot, by which, before he had run six yards, the un fortunate youth was struck to the earth. The exclamation, and the sight of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow the young leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, eleotrified the whole body of the Regulators, who were immediately thrown into oonfusion ; of which the savagea took the same advantage they bad taken of Brace's agitation ; firing upon them as they rose, and then rushing upon them to end the fray, before they could reoover their wits or spirits. It needed but this, and the fall of their leader, to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable ; and, accordingly, in less than a moment, they were seen, — all, at least, who were notalmostdisabled,— flyingin a panic from the field of battle. It was in vain that the captain of horse-thieves, divin ing at last the cause of their extraordinary flight, roared out that he was a living man, with nothing of a ghost about him what ever ; the panic was universal and irremedi able, and nothing remained for him to do bnt to save his own life at quickly as possible. "'Tarnal death to me!" he bellowed, turning to fly ; but a groan from Bruce fell on his ear. He ran to the aide of the fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex claimed, " Now for the best leg, Tom, and a rush up hill to the bosses !" "You ar'n't hanged then, after all?" mattered the junior ; ana then fell back as if unable to rise, adding faintly. ' Go ; — rat it, I'm done for.-— As for the— '1— savages. wnat nave i to say — T — T— . But I reckon soalping's not much ; — '1 — '1— one soon gets used to it!" And thus the young Kentuckian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wandering, his utterance failing, muttered, resigning him self to his fate, ignorant that even Stackpole was no longer at his side to hear him. Hi> fate did indeed eeem to be inevitable ; for, while Stackpole had him by the hand, vainly tugging to get him on his feet, three different Indians were seen running with might and main to quench tho last spark of his exis tence, and to finish Stackpole at the same time. But in that very emergency, the ill-luck which seemed to pursue the horse-thief and all with whom he was associated, found a change; and destiny sent them both assist ance in a way and by mean6 as unexpected as they were unhoped for. The approach of the savages was noticed by Roaring Ralph, who, not knowing how to save his young executioner, against whom he seemed to entertain no feelings of anger whatever, and whose approaching fate he appeared well disposed to revenge before hand, clapped his rifle to hie shoulder, to make sure of one of the number ; when his eye was attracted by the spectaole of a horse rushing up the stony road, neighing furiously and scattering the Indians before him. It was the charger Briareus, who had broken from the tree where he had boon fastened below, and now came dAshing up the hill, distracted with terror, or perhaps burning to mingle in the battle, which he had heurd and snuffed from afar. He galloped by the three Indians, who leaped aside in alarm, whilo Stackpole, taking advantage of the moment, ran up and siezed him by the bridle. In another moment, he bad assisted tho fainting Ken tuckian upon the animal's baok, leaped up behind him, and was dashiDg with wild speed filing with triumph, and touglung to scorn the nuUcuti.t w«re shot vainly after. CHAPTER XX. The conflict, though sharp and hot, con sidering the insignificant number of com batants on either side, was of no very long duration ; the whole time, from the appear ance of tho Kentuckians until tho flight scarce exceeding half an hour. But the pursuit, which the victors imme diately commenced, lasted a longer space: and it was more than an hour- -an age of suspense to the suffering soldier— before tho sound of whooping on the hill apprised him of their return. They brought with them, as trophies of success, two horses, on each of Which sat three or four different Indiana, an many Meed as could get npon the animal s back, where they clung together, scouting, laughing, and otherwise divert ing themselves, more liko joyous sohoolbuya wan stern warriors who had jnst fought and won a bloody battle. Bat this semblance of mirth and good humour lasted no longer than while the savages were riding from the hill -top to the battle-ground, which, having reached, they 2S5? ,UPD ground, and, running wihuy about, uttered several cries of the most mournful character — laments, as Roland 'apposed, over the bodies of their fallen com panions. this barbarous display of nOBatisfied rage, several of the savages ap- Probed the unfortunate Roland, and among I.;6? 1? Fiankeshaw, who, flourishing jnshatchet, already clotted with Wood, and more like a demon than a human made an effort to dash out the soldier's biS?' wkiob, however, he was restrained y two younger savages, who caught him in sir arms, and mattered somewhat in their wn tongue, which mollified his wrath in a joaent, causing him to burst into a roar of teperous laughter. aJrrf00 ' cried, grinning with tt ii benevolenoe and friendship over J"® hapless youth ; "no hurt Long-knife ; 5F him Piankeehaw nation ; make good jdBquaw, papoose— »U bruddere, Long- With these expressions, of the purport of 277) whioh Roland could understand but little be left him, retiring with the rest, as Roland soon saw, to eonoeal or bury the bodies of bis slain oomrades, which wore borne in the atme of the sumvore to the bottom of the w 0?t,alIy and in silence de- the rook S thickets, or in crannies of EoIand was again visited by his Piankeshaw friend, and the two young warriors who had saved hie life and were perhaps etiU fearful of toasting it enhrely to the tender mercies of the senior. It was fortunate for Roland that he was thns attended, for the old warrior had no sooner approached him than 1 he began to weep and groan, uttering an harangue; which, although addressed, as it aeemed, entirely to the prostrate captive, was ! in the Indian tongue, and therefore wholly wasted npon his ears. Nevertholesshe could | perceive that the Indian wee relating eoine- tbrng that weighed very heavily upon hie mind ; that he was warming with the sub ject, and oven working himself up into a paBeion ; and, indeed, he had not epoken very long before his visage ohangod from grief to wrath, and from wrath to the ex treme of fury, in which he began to handle , hfitohet aB on the previous occasion, making every demonstration of the best dis position in the world to bury it in the pri soners brain. He wasagainarrested by the yoong savages, who muttered something in hi« ear, as before and againthe effect was to convert his anger into merriment ; the ohange being effected with a facility that might well have amazed the prisoner, had his despair permitted him to feel any lighter emotion. "Good!" cried the old warrior, as if in reply to what the others had said ; " Long knife go Fiankeshaw nation, make great Bight for Piankeehaw !" They seemed to have suffered a consider able loss in the battle ; twelve being the <vhole number now to be seen ; and most of these, judging from the fillets of rags and bundles of green leaves tied about their limbs, had been wounded ; two of them to all appearance very severely, if not mortally, for they lay upon the earth, a little apart from the rest, in whose motions they seemed to take no interest. As Roland approoohed, he looked in vain, amid the throng, for his kinswoman. Neither ehe nor Telie Doe was to be seen. But, casting his eye wildly around, it fell upon a little grove of trees, not many yards off, in wbiob he could perceive the figures of horses, as well as of a tall barbarian, who stood on ite edge, as if keeping guard, wrapped, not withstanding the sultriness of the weather, in a blanket, from chin to foot, while his head was as warmly invested in the ample folds of a huge scarlet handkerchief. In that copse, Roland doubted not, the savages had concealed a hopeless and helpless captive, the bring for whom he had straggled and suffered so long and so vainly, the muM whose forebodings of evil had been so soon and eo dreadfully realised. a In the meanwhile, the Indians on the road side began the business for whioh they had assembled : that seemed to be, in the first place, the division of spoils, consisting of the guns, horses, and clothes, of the dead, with sundry other artioles, which, but for his un happy oondition, Roland would have won dered to behold ; for there were among them rolls of oloth andcalioo, heaps of hawks'-bells and other Indian trinkets, knives, pipes, powder and ball, and other Buch articles, even to a key or two of the fire-water, enough to stock an Indian trading-house. These, wherever and however obtained, were distributed equally among the Indians, by a man of lighter skin than themselves, a half-breed, as Roland supposed. The distribution being effected, and evi dently to the satisfaction of all present, the savages turned their looks upon the prisoner, eyeing him with mingled triumph and exul tation ; and the old presiding officer, or chief, as he seemed to be, shakiog off bis abstrac tion, got upon his feet, and made him an harangue ; imitating therein the ancient Fiankeshaw, though with this difference, that, whereas the latter spoke entirely in his own tongue, the former thought fit, among abundanoe of Indian phrases, to introduce some that were sufficiently English to enable the soldier to gness, at feast, a part of his meaning. (to be continued.) 