THE COSaBCKS. BY CouNT Lvor N. ToLsaol. OHAPTER VIII.--Continued. ' Yes, I heard some animal make a noise. I immediately knew it was an, animal. I thought to myself, 'Lukashka has frightened some kind of wild beast," ' said Ergushoff, wrap ping himself up in his cloak. .,' Well, I am going to sleep now,' he added. ' You must wake me up directly the cocks crow. After that we must take our turn. I am going to sleep; and then you can sleep, and then I will sit up: that is the right way.' 'Much obliged, but I don't want to sleep,' answered Lukashka. The night was dark and warm; there was no breeze. On one side only of the horizon did the stars shine: the other side, and indeed the greater part of the sky, towards the moun tains, was covered by a large cloud. This black cloud, rising up from the mountains, without any wind, slowly moved farther and farther, being sharply separated by its jagged edges from the deep, starry heaven. Just in front of him the young Cossack could see the Terek and the bank beyond; behind him, and on either side, the view was oet off by a wall of reeds. Once in a while the reeds, without any motive, would all begin to waver, and whisper to each other. Seen from below, the waving feathers of the sedge.flowers seemed like branches of trees against the bright sky. At Lukashka's very. feet there was the bank, past which ihe stream swirled. Farther on, the shining, moving macs of dark coloured water broke monotonously against the shallows and the shore. Still farther on, water and bank and cloud became merged in impenetrable darkness. On the surface of the water dark shadows broke out, which the eyes of the Cossack, by this time accustomed to the obscurity, recognised as shadows produced by snags and floating logs. From time to time some heat light ning, reflected by the water, showed, as in a dark mirror, the line of the opposite bank. The measured sounds of night, the rustling of the reeds, the heavy breath. ing of the other Cossacks, the buzzing of the gnats, and the rippling of the water, were broken occasionally by a distant shot, by the fall of a part of the bank which had been washed away, by the splashing of a large lish, or by the. crashing of some animal through the thicc overgrown woods. Once an owl flew down the Terek, flapping slowly : above the very heads of the Cossacks it turned towards the forest, anid, flying inland, begarn to flap more quickly, and finally, flatter ing, settled on an old plane-tree. At every sunob unaccustomed sound the wakeful Cossack pricked his ears, his eyes blinked, and he slowly raised his gun. The greater part of the night had passed away. The black cloud, spreading westward with its ragged edges, had disclosed a portion of the clear, starry sky; and the golden crescent of the moon shone right over the mountains. It was growing cool. Nazarka woke up, said something, and then went to sleep again. Lukashka began to feel tired, rose up, took a knife from under his dagger, and began to peel the switch he had cut for a ramrod. His head was full of thoughts as to how the Circassians lived in the mountains, as to how the 'braves' came to the Russian side of the river, how it was that they are not afraid of the Cossacks, and how they might cross in another place. He moved a little from his post, and looked down the river; but nothing wa~ visible. Gazing from time to time at the stream and the farther bank, . which was dimly dis tinguished from the water in the feeble moonlight, he at last stopped thinking about the Circassians, and was only waiting for the right time to rouse his companions and re turn to the station. Then he thought of his Dunaika-'his little soul,' as the Oossacks call a mistress-and he thought of her with vexation. At last came signs of morning: a silvery mist began to rise above the water; some young eagles whistled uhrilly not far from him, and flapped their wings. Finally the cry of the first cock came from the far-off station, immediately after which another and more prolonged cock-crow was heard, to. which the voices of other birds renlied. \- It is time to wake them up,' thought Lukashka, stopping his whistli'ig, and feeling that his eyes were very heavy. He turned to his companions, and was trying to guess to which body the various legs be longed, when suddenly it seemed to him that there was some kind of a splash on the other side of the Terek; and he looked once more at the gleaming mountains, lighted up by the down-turned crescent of the old moon, at the opposite bank of the river, and at the logs floating along the Terek, which were now plainly visible. It seemed to him for a moment that he was moving, and that the stream and the logs were standiig still; but this lasted only for an instant. He again began to look attentively. One large blaclk tree trunk, with a dry branch hang ing .from it, especially attracted his attention. This trunk, in some strange way, without rolling over, or turning about, floated in the middle of the river; it even seemed to him that it was not floating with the current, but was going straight over the Terek to a long sand- bank. Lukashka stretched out his neck, nud ;~egaitoi look at it more atten tively than ever. The log floated up to the sand-bank, stopped, and then moved about in' a strange way. Lukashka, feeling auspicious, thought he saw a hand on the other side of the log. 'Ah! I shall kill an Abrek alone,' he said, and he deliberately set up his rest, laid his gun across it, and holding it fast, cooked it without making any noise. Then, holding his breath, he began to aim, looking intently all the time. ' I shall hit him,' he thought. How ever, his heart beat so violently that he paused, and began to listen. Sud denly the log moved off from the sandbank, and began to float straight across the current towards the Rus sian bank. ' I am afraid I shall miss him,' mused Lukashka, and then, in the dimmoonlight, a Tartar's head just appeared infrontof the log. The young Cossack aimed straight at this head, which seemed to him very near--just at the end of his gun. 'He is an Abrek,' he thought joyfully, and suddenly falling on his knees, he righted his gun, looked at the sight, which was scarcely visible, drew a long breath, and in the Cossack way, according to a custom learned in childhood, muttered to himself, 'In the name of Father and Son.' Then he pulled the trigger. The flash lighted up the reeds and the water for a moment. The sharp, sudden report was carried over the river, and from somewhere in the distance an echo was returned. The log was already floating down the river again, with the current rocking it and rolling it over. ' Hold, I say!' cried Ergushoff, seizing his gun, and rising up from behind the ambush. ' Keep still, you devil!' Lukashka whispered, setting his teeth. 'The Abreks.' 'What did you shoot at?' asked Nazarka. Lukashka made no reply. He reloaded his gun, and kept looking after the floating log. Not far off it stopped on another sand-bank; ahd from behind it there was seen some thing large, which moved up and down in the water. 'What did you hit? Why don't you tell us ?' repeated the Cossacks. ' Abreks, I tell you,' repeated Lu kashka. ' Don't lie in that way. Did your gun go off accidentally ?' ' I have killed an Abrek. See what I shot !' said Lukashka, rising to his feet, with his voice full of emotion. 'A man was swimming over there,' he added, pointing to the sand.bank. 'I killed him. Look there !' 'What is the use of lying,' repeated Ergushoff, rubbing his eyes. 'I don't lie. Look! See there!' said. Lukashka, seizing him by the shoulder, and pressing him with such force that he drew an exclamation of. pain from him. Ergushoff looked in the direction in which his comrade pointed, and, seeing the body, sud. denly changed his tone. ' There must be more of them, I'm sure of it,' he said, quickly looking at his gun. 'This was the first; the ad vanced guard. He swam from over there, not far on the other side: I tell you true.' Liuashn?a nodded his nea, and began to take off his caftan. ' What are you doing, you fool ?' cried Ergushoff. 'Wait a little : you will risk your life for nothing. If you have killed him, he can't get away. Give me a little powder; have you got any ? Nazar, run back quickly, to the outpost, but don't go along the bank. They would see you and kill you; I tell you true.' .'I go alone ? Go yourself,' replied Nazaraka, angrily. Lukashka, who had taken off his coat, went down the bank. 'Don't go down there, I tell you,' called Ergushoff, putting some powder in the pan of his gun. 'He won't move. I can see he isn't alive. Let them have time to come here from the post. Go on, Nazarka, are you afraid ? Don't be afraid, I tell you.' ' Luka, O Luka,' said Nazarka, 'tell us how you killed him.' Lukashka, however, was only think ingof getting into the water. ' Go to the post quickly, both of you,' he replied. 'I will wait here. Tell the Cossacks to send some men by a roundabout way; if they are on this side we ought to catch them.' 'I tell you they will get away,' re torted Ergushoff, getting up. ' We ought to catch them now.' Both he and Nazarka, however, after crossing themselves, went to the poet, not along the bank, but scramb. I ling through the bushes, and thence along the foreat.path. SoNow, mind, Luka, don't you move,' cried Ergushoff, looking back, 'o'r else they will killyou. See that you' don't budge, I tell you.' ' Go on; I know,' said Lukashka, and, glancing at his gun, he sat down in ambuscade. Unce alone, he gazed at the sand bank and listened for the Cossacks, but it was some distance to the out-' post, and hle was wild with impatience: he kept thinking that the Abreks who had been following the .dead man would get away. Just as he had felt vexed about the boar that had escaped him on the night before, so now was he vexed about the Abreks who also were getting away. He looked eagerly around him, and then at the other bank, expecting to see another man; and, fixing, his rest, he kept ready to fire. That the others might kill him was an idea that never entered his head. CHAPTER IX. The dawn was already breaking. The body of the Circassian was plainly visible; having grounded on the sand bank, it now scarcely moved. Sud denly, not far from Lukashka, the reeds crackled, some steps were heard and the feathery tops of the sedge grass stirred. Lukashka cocoked his gun, and muttered, 'In the name of the Father and the Son.' As soon as he did this the steps ceased. 'Eh, Cossacks, don't kill your unole,' resounded a deep bass voice; and, thrusting the reeds aside, Uncle Eroshka suddenly same up. 'I almost killed you, by God I did,' said Lukashka. 'What did you fire at ?' asked the old man. His sonorous voice echoed over the wood and down the river, and abruptly annihilated the quiet of night and the mystery which sur rounded the Cossacks. The dawn suddenly seemed to have become lighter and clearer. ' You saw nothing at all, uncle, eh ? Well, I. killed an animal,' replied Lukashka, uncocking his gun, and standing unnaturaly quiet. The old man, without turning his eyes for a moment, kept looking at the body of the dead man, now plainly visible, and over which the water slightly broke. ' He was swimming, .with a log on his back. I was looking at him, and then-Look there! He has got blue drawers apparently, and a gun-Do you see,' said Lukashka. ' How not see?' solemnly said the old man; and his face became serious and stern. ' You have killed a dijiguit,' he added, almost sympa thetically. 'I was sitting so, and looking,' resumed Lukashka, 'and all of a sudden I wondered what it was that seeined so black on the other side. I looked at it once more, and appa rently a log went by in the water. There was nothing strange in that. But this log, a good sound trunk in fact, was floating on the water-not down with the current, but going across. Then I looked again and saw a head behind it. What was there strange in that ? I moved a little, so that he might not see me through the reeds, and then I cocked my gun. But the beast must have heard me; for he crawled up on a sand bank, and looked about. "You lie!" I thought, 'you won't get away.' He just crawled up and looked at me. Something resounded in his throat. I got my gun ready without moving, and waited for him. He lay there, and lay there; and at last began to move again. When he swam into the moonlight his back was visible. 'In the name of the Father, and Son, and Holy Ghost,' I said, and I looked out through the smoke, and he was writhing. He groaned, or at least it seemed so to me. Then I thought, 'Please the Lord, I have killed him.' When he got to that sand-bank, he was quite visible, and tried to stand up; but he had no strength left him. He was badly hit, and so he lay down. I could see it all quite plainly. He does'nt move now; and so he must be dead. The other men have gone back to the outpost to tell the rest of them to come down.' ' So you shot him P' .said the old man. 'He is very far now;' and again he sadly shook his head. Just at that moment the Cossacks, both on foot and on horseback, were heard along the bank, amid a loud crackling of the bushes. ' Are they bringing a boat ?' cried Lukashka. *? Luka, my brave fellow, bring him ashore,' cried one of the Cossacks along the bank. Then Lukashka, without waiting for the boat, again began to undress, never taking his eyes off the body. 'Wait a minute! Nazarka is bringing the boat,' cried the corporal. ' You fool! Perhaps he is alive. He is only pretending to be dead. Take a dagger with you !' cried an other Cossack. ' Go on and talk,' replied Lukashka, taking off his breeches. He had quickly undressed himself, and, giving a sudden spring, he jumped with a splash into the stream, and stretching out his white arms and lifting his body high above the water, he cut across the current, and made for the sand-bank. The Cossacks talked aloud in excited voices. Three horsemen came up by a roundabout way. The boat was *seen beyond the turn. Lukashka meanwhile reached the sand-bank, bent over the body, and turned it over twice. 'He is quite dead,' he cried, in a sharp voice. The Oircassian was hit in the head. He wore blue drawers, and had his shirt, his coat, his gun, and his dagger tied on his shoulders. Over all there was fastened a large branch, which was what had deceived Luka at first. 'That is the way to catch carp !' said one of the Cossacks, who were standing in a circle, while the body, having been pulled oit of the water, lay on the grassy bank. ' How yel lowhe is !' said another. 'Where have our fellows'gone to look ? The other Abreks are doubt less on the other bank. If he had not been the first, he would not have swamn over in that way. Why did he swim over alone ?' said a third. ' Oh!' he must have been a sharp fellow, and came out to explore be. fore the rest. He is evidently one of their best warriors,' said Lukaeshka, mockingly, wringing the dead man's wet clothes on the bank, and con-. stantly shivering. 'His beard is dyed and cut a little.' 'He put his shirt in that bag on his back; he could swim better without it,' said someone. 'Listen, Lukashka!' exclaimed the corporal, holding the gun which had been talen from the dead man. ' You keep the dagger and the coat; and as for the gun-come, I will give you three roubles for it. See, it's loaded,' said he, blowing down through the barrel. 'I should like to have it as a remembrance. To be Continned. 