Third Dat. On Tuesday morning at half-past 9 the busi ness of the Conference was continued. The book room report and balance-sheet were received as satisfactory, showing a small balance to the good. The Rev. J. EL Williams, who has already served the full term of five years, was reappointed for another year as book steward. The Rev. H. J. Pope was appointed vice-steward. A hearty vote of thanks was given to the ex president, the Rev. J. G. Wright, for the ex cellent Conference sermon delivered by him on Friday evening. It was decided that it be published in the connexional magazine. An animated discussion took place on the subject of 'Gambling,' which was introduced by a letter received from the secretary of the Congregational Union. The Rev. J. H. WnxiAMS moved— 'That this Conference of the Primitive Methodist Connexion, represent ing 12,000 adherents, is prepared to unite with the other churches in the colony in taking united action with a view to suppressing the spread and spirit of gambling, and we desire to express our strong disapproval of the Totalizator Act and the Government granting a half- holiday on Clip Day.' This was spoken to by the Revs. EL J. Pope, S. Gray, T. Allan, W. T. Wiltshire, and R. Jackson, and Messrs. E. Hack, A. Robinson, G. Sissons, C. Dunn, G. Tniselton, J. Hooper, J. Peters, W. Dunent, and G. ?- Marshman. The prevalence of gambling in railway carriages, on racecourses, in country shows, and in shares, was especially deprecated, and various suggestions were made whereby the tide of gambling might be stemmed. The resolution was carried unani mously. It was further . decided that an article on the subject appear in the next issue of the South Australian Primitive Methodist. ' The question of 'Methodist Union' now came up for discussion. The Rev. S. Grat moved — 'That we express ourselves as being strongly in favor of organic 'Methodist union' on a fair and equitable basis to all concerned, and that we appoint a committee to meet re presentatives of the Wesleyan and Bible Chris tion denominations or any other with a view to draw up a basis of union, and take such other steps as may be deemed necessary for bringing about so [desirable an object.' He said that this was a democratic movement, and as they were a democratic church they should by no means lag behind on this important matter. For years he had seen the desirability of union, especially in country districts, where the various branches of Methodism were fre quently working under great disadvantages. He wanted to know if the time had oome for union. He believed it had, but until it was effected he thought with the Rev. H. T. Burgess they should do all they could in fos tering by united meetings the spirit of union. He believed that the Methodist churches would come together, and that the time was not far distant when this consummation so much desired would be realised. Then would follow the larger blessing of God's Spirit upon the one grand united Methodist Church. (Loud applause.) The Rev. J. G. Weight, who seconded, said he thoroughly believed in union, not only in Methodist union, but a Christian union that was world-wide. He was a moat ardent supporter of Methodist union, not only in this colony but throughout the world. Since union had been effected between the Methodist bodies in Canada Methodism had wielded much greater influence there and had experienced a grand time, and he was sure that here we should if united become a far greater power morally, politically, and in every way in the direction of righteousness. He sincerely hoped the resolution would be heartily carried. (Cheers. ) Mr. H. Bower thought that the message from the Lord was that all Christians should be one — one in mind, one in heart — and that this inward feeling should find a stronger and better outward expression than it did; He drew a vivid picture of the advantages of ' Methodist union' from a spiritual, financial, and commercial standpoint, and stated that he would do all he could to bring it about. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. Robinson regarded it as a standing disgrace that the Methodist bodies should remain apart. At Redhill — the district he came from — he saw the advantage of union in the form of a united Sunday-school there. This school worked welL If 'Methodist Union' came about he was certain it would be a great blessing. (Cheers. ) Mr. J. Petees said that the Primitive Methodist Church was to his mind the most democratic and liberal of the Methodist churches. He was in favor of union if it took place on a broad liberal basis. (Heap, hear.) Mr. C. Dunn said that ' Methodist union' did not trouble him. (Laughter.) He knew that it was coming. He could see it very clearly wherever he went. It must come, and the sooner the better. If the ministers objected to it in many parts the people would starve them out, and he was glad of it. (Laughter.) He believed that the time was ripe for union, and he hoped it would shortly come. (Applause.) The Revs. T. Weathebim, and J. Goodwin, and Mr. J. Chekoweth supported the motion, which was carried with loud and hearty acclamation and a thoroughly unanimous vote. xne louowing were appointed memoers or the committee : — Revs. J. J. Salmon (presi dent), J. Goodwin, A. W. Wellington, J. H. Williams, H. J. Pope, and S. Raymond, and Messrs. J. Peters, C. Dunn, G. Marshmann, J.P., W. Diment, J.P., W. W. Winwood, and G. Robinson. During the discussion a letter arrived from the Chief Justice (Hon. S. J. Way), inviting the members of the Conference to an 'at home' at his residence at Montefiore on Thursday afternoon, from 4.30 to 6.30, to meet the members of the Bible Christian and Wes leyan Conferences. This was gratefully accepted. The statistical report of the Sabbath-schools was read, and showed an increase of one teacher and 50 scholars for the year. A most profitable conversation on the work of God in the colony then took place ; in con nection with which the Rev. S. Raymond pro posed — 'That we record our thanks to the Great Head of the Church for the help afforded us during another year. We rejoice that many as the result of our labors have been led to the Saviour. The hopeful state of our Sunday schools is to us a very pleasing feature, and we trust by a fresh consecration to God and absolute dependence on the Holy Ghost, a larger life and increased prosperity will be realised by us in the future.' The Rev. J. G. Weight seconded, and the Revs. S. Gray, A. J. Burt, T. Allan, H. J. Pope, and J. Good win, and Messrs. J. Hooper, S. Olley, and C. Dunn supported. Carried unanimously. Deputations from the Bible Christian Con ference and the Women's Christian Temper ance Unions were cordially welcomed by th» President of the Conference. The Rev. E. Geatton (Bible Christian) said be was impressed with the appearance of the Conference. As he looked around he saw many faces that he was familiar with, but there were many that he missed. During the past year he was deeply pained to hear of the death of the gifted Hugh Gilmore. Their loss was the loss also of the whole colony. He bore with him the kindly greetings of the Bible Christian Conference, and he would in form them that the denomination he repre sented sorrowed with them in their losses and rejoiced in their successes. The Bible Chris tians and themselves were essentially and fundamentally one. They had yesterday and to-day the outward and spiritual sign of an in ward and spiritual grace. He was present as an advocate of 'Methodist onion,' but he hoped that they would 'make haste slowly in the matter. In many places force was wasted, and he felt sure in many places force was wanted; and he believed that 'Methodist union' would adjust matters. He was glad that they were one on most points, and par ticularly rejoiced that they were united in warring against intemperance. When he re membered that during the past year 143 millions was the drink bill of England, and only two millions were spent in Christian missions he felt how great was the need in battling against strong drink. He wished the connexion Godspeed, and hoped the coming j ear would be to them a highly successful one. (Applause.) The Rev. J. CotinfGS (Bible Christian) con gratulated the Conference on their wisdom in selectingthe Rev. J. J. Salmon as their presi dent. He had worked side by side with him, and had learnt to appreciate his worth. He believed in 'Methodist union,' but saw that there were many problems associated with the question. Trust debts was one of these, and he w&s; glad to notice that they had so largely re duced their liabilities in this direction during the past year. He had for years learnt to say 'Grace be unto all who love the Lord Jesus in sincerity and in truth.' Were the Metho dist bodies one in this colony they would pos sess the material to secure all the people to the kingdom of God and his Christ. (Cheers.) ]Vlre. Nicholls (president of the Women's Christian Temperance Union) then addressed the Conference. She said it would doubtless be considered presumptuous on her part to inter- ? fere with the business of their sittings, but she regarded the W.C.T.U. as ainosti important organisation. She came on behalf of that in stitution. She thought that the union uhe re- -* presented was often much misunderstood. They had been.ohaiged with starting another ' -denomination, but' such -was not the case, for tbeW.O.T.U. was entirely unseetarian. She then referred to the workthey were doing, in the course of which she eaid they were working in 35 different departments and during the 13 years of their 'existence they had reached a membership of a quarter of a million. She was glad that the Primitive Methodists recognised the right of women to speak in public, but she noticed they had not yet admitted them to their conferences ses delegates. (Laughter.) She commended the various branches of the W.C.T.U. to their sympathy and asked for help in their work. (Cheers.) Miss George (secretary of the W.C.T.U.), after congratulatory remarks, stated that about £4 15s. per head was spent in strong drink in this colony. This was one reason why the Woman's Temperance Union craved their support. She referred, to the good work they were doing amongst children, and thonght the results of their labors; certainly justified their existence. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. J. Pope replied to the Bible Christian Conference, and stated that he was converted under a Bible Christian minister, and he was therefore greatly indebted to that denomination. He thanked them for their congratulations,' and returned their fraternal greetings. The Primitive Methodists felt very, much as the Bible Christians on the union question. They were in favor of union, but did not believe in being swallowed up as the whale swallowed Jonah. (Laughter.) There must be mutual concessions before union could take place. He hoped that till then they would each go on trusting in God and laboring with all their hearts for the salvation of men. (Appjause.) Mr. G. Robinson 'also briefly replied, and said that he was pleased/ that they all had the same idea upon Methodist union. Fifty years ago he fiiet came in contact with the Bible Chrietians. Since then he had often labored for them and. had learnt to love them. He wished them all prosperity. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. G. Weight was glad to see Mrs. Nicholls and Miss George, and felt it an honor to replv to them. He spoke enthusiastically of the work of the W.C.T.U. in this and the other colonies, and was glad to welcome them as representatives of one of the grandest organisations of the 19th century. (Applause.) 