LOCAL ITEMS. ON Wednesday last throughout the colony was felt the full force of the stormy weather and thie keen biting wind. Cold drenching show ers, heavy hail showers and wind, lightning and continuous thunder peals signalised the afternoon. Wild weather prevailed along the coast, anrd throughout the colony heavy rain fell. Telegraph lines were in. terrupted for a while, and much general ;damage was done. The storm, which died away towards nightfall, redoubled its fury about 7 p.m., when thunder, lightning, hail and gale combined gave a forcible presentationu of stormy. winter weather. A large number of 'sheds were unroofed and chimneys east down, but the storm had spent its fury by toen o'clock, and the remain der of the night though keen and cold, passed quietly away. In Brigh ton, Elstornwick and Caulfield the force of gale in the. afternoon was very keenly felt and corrugateed iron roofs, sheds, chimney pots, sign boards, etq,,- were east hither and thither by its fury and some very narrow escapes of fatal injury, if not of loss of limb were experienced. TUAT Ghost at Esternwick con tinues its vagaries, and we presume will do so until it catches a Tartar in the shape of, perchance a policeman, or the male relatives of some who have been almost scared out of their wits by its apparition. There is an old saying of " long lives the fox but he is caught at last," and this the so called ghost may very soon' find exemplified in its case. Mns. Hubbard acknowledges with thanks a sewing machine ,from Messrs Singer and Co,. and sewing cotton from. Messrs .Chadwick and Kerr, for the Convalscent Home at Oakleigh. The Battle of Waterloo at the Victoria Parade . Cyclorama had a special attendance last Saturday. Being the 77th anniversary of the battle, Mr. Foster recited Byron's Field of Waterloo, and memontoes of the day were given to all visitors. The Siege of Paris Cyclorama was also well patronised during the past week. ?d.Essas, 1Munro. and Bailien, auctioneers, of Collins Straot, llel bourne, and High Street, Armadnle have hbeen appointed .grown lands salesmen for the financial year ending 30th.June, 1805. This is the sixth successive year they have held the .appointment. NE?'r Tuesday evening a grand" concert under the patronage of Sir. Frederick and Lady Sargood, will be given by the Caulfield Football Club, in the Caulfield Shire Hall, in aid of the Mornington Relief Fund. Patrons are requested to note that the buss will leave the Balaclava Station at 7.17 and Elsternwick sta tion at 7.20 for the Shire hall, returning at the close of the concert. An excellent programme has been prepared and we hope to see a large audience present. OwNEms of unregistered dogs in the Town of Brighton had better pay a vist to Inspector Livesey and have their dogs registered. Mr. Livesey had a siumber of persons summoned yesterday and fines of as, with 3a. lid. costs together with 5s, for regis. trat' on weoe inflicted T't: anniversary services of the Wilson Street, Brighton, Presby terian Church, w;ll be celebrated to. morrow when sermons will be preached as follows :-Morning at 11 by liov, C, 1[. Irwin. M.A., of St. Androws CLarlton, Afternoon at 3 by the lRev. J. T. Dacrne. M A.. of Toorak, and evening at 7 by Rev. A, E, Smith, M,A, of Armuadale, HONEST men and upright doctors have acknowledged Professor Baun scheidt's system to be superior to that of the ordinary school for cura tive powers in all cases of acute sickness. Cancer positively cured without knife, drugs, or nostruns. Our readers are requested to visit Mr. S. Fisher of 5S Johnstone Street 'Fitzroy, who will be pleased to show them numerous testimonials of the above new German Healing Method Mr. Fisher has effooted cures in cases of many patients who had been given up by legal medical practitioners. A4OTIHER appeal by Mr. W. R. 3Merry, civil engineer, of Sandring ham, in connection with hislitigation with the Government was disposed of by the Full court on Wedncsday. Mr. Merry has for many years pro secuted a suit against the Queen, the Board of Land and Works and others, claiming five hundred thousand pounds as damages for alleged breaches of contract in relation to the construction of the Geelong to Ballarat railway in 1859-60. After hearing the pros. and cons.. of the matter it was decided that th'e order tf the prisiiary judge would 'bevariod by * directing that the three guineas costs awarded the plaintiff be given against., the defendants. The Ri?ght Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, is announced to preach the sermon at the 11 a.m. service in St. Andrews Church, Mid dle Brighton, to-morrow. A telegram was on Tuesday re ceived by Mr. H.- G. Evered, share broker, of Melbourne, from Mrs. Derbin Willder, stating that Mr. Derbin Willder, of Point Nepean Road,' Brighton, had fallen overboard from the s.s Aramac between Bris bane and Sydney on the 18th inst.,. and that his body had not been dis covered. We have been asked to announce that The Excelsior Class will re-open on Tuesday evening next, when ill members are requested to attend. Business important. 1)R. Scott of Bay and Male streets Brighton, by request, will deliver a ashort course of six lectures to wo men, in the Elsternwick Hall, Murphy street. The first of the course will bue giveu next Monday afternoon at three p.m., and as Dr. Scott is very popular as a lecturer as well as a skilled physician a very large attendance may be expected Ladies desirous of attending and joining the the class are requested to give in their names to the lect urer. 