THE SILENT SEA . By Antablo, Author of "An Australian GirL Chapter XI. Tho Colmar mino is 300 milos to the north- east of Adelaide, in the Hundred of Colmar, in tho heart of the salt bush country— a far reach ing district known variously, according to local variations, ns the Salt Bush "Wilderness, tho Dwarf Desert, and the Waterloss Country. But by whatever namo it may be familiar beforo it is seen, tho rogion transcends in uncomprornisng bareness auy mental vision that may be evoked by its names. A wilderness oalls 'up a sombro uninhabited country, a desert land that has novor been tilled, while waterless country is in itself a de scription of parohod up barrenness. But a wil derness may have luxuriant horbage. A desert may consist of leafy scrub or shady forest. And a land in whieh rain is seldom seen, and rivers novor, yet sometimes has great rockB whoso shadow, falling on tho thirsty ground, may servo as a symbol of man's salvation. But inr this eerie waste thero is no grass, no trees, no water — hardly tho scmblanoe of a hill. In many parts tho sole vegetation consists of the salt bush, a sad colored low creeping bush, moro grey than green, whieli breaks, when trodden on, with a brittle Bnap liko dry stubblo. In some places tho salt bush grows in sparse clumps, in others tho shrub isdenso, and spreads moro continuously. And yet again thero are wido stretches in which the earth lies almost naked, baked into roddiBh gaping fissures. Whon rn.in! ??.!!? if w!h n f-«rnn«itnnn — fr? fury that lashes tho earth instead of nourish ing it into fruitfulness. Tho stony wator courses arc at such times filled with water ; but, high as it may rise, in a fow dayH all traces of it disappear. Tho blonder grey-green, filaments of nameless plants dio away. Tho earth lying in fiat monotonous uniformity ; tho cloudless sky, pallid with continual heat ; tho wide majestic sweep of tho horizon, where tho silent earth seems to pass into tho quiet slcy ; tho austere desolation and storility — theso aro the things that remain. Tho air is seldom cloven with tho beating of a bird's wings. Still moro rarely does tho pre sence of man break tho solitude. Sheep runs are fow and for betweon. Many that woro once fairly prosperous are now forsaken. Tho squatter might struggle with tho ohronio drought, for tho salt bush is an ascotie that has learned tho secret of living without water in the most barren soil ; and sheep that are to tho mannor born can live on salt bush. But a moro implacable foo than drought came in tho rabbit, who is fruitful, and multiplies in thoso arid regions till overy other creature that has the breath of life is exterminated. Tho rabbits swarm in the Hundrod of Colmar, bub they cannot affect its chief industry, whieh is milling. Tho country is here intersected with low, sullen looking reefs, runuing chiefly from cast to west, marked at varying- intervals by ironstono outcrops. It is on tho southern side, near ,tko western end of ono of theso reefs, that tho Golmar mino is situated, within 18 miles of Nilpecna, a small township on tho Grout Northern Railway lino. Half a milo to the south-wosb of tho mino there is a township, also called Colmar, that sprang into existence when the mino was started. An inn, two stores, a blaoksmith's forgo, a school room, a post and telegraph office, a boarding houso or two for tho minors, comprise tho bulk of tho houses, all, with tho exception of the front part of tho inn, mado of iron, Tho country between Nilpeena and Colmar is partly wooded, partly dotted with roofs, and tho roefs aro dotted with tho re mains of many attempts at reaping an under ground harvest out of tho earth, whoso surface looks as barren as that of tho barren sea. It is apparent to the least instructed cyo that tho country is rich in minerals. Gold, silver and copper have beon found there, but tho land is mostly waterless, and operations for tli6 most part havo boon fitful, erratic and unskilful. Thus out of 30 so called mines and diggings that havo been started within a radus of 40 miles in tbo Colmar distriot, all, except half a dozen, remain ineffectual beginnings Their sites aro marked by shafts and tronchea and squalid dtbris of heaps of dirt and stones, that look as if burrowed up by larger rabbit than thoso that havo como to bo the normal pro prietors of tho country. Around these heaps lie smaller onos— -crude chimney stacks of un- mortarcd stones;' rotting sacks, full of nativo grasses, that havo served as mattresses ; broken tent poles, with fluttering strips of tattered calico or duck ; smashed bottles, empty rusting tins, ahrods of slop storo clothing, battered " billy" cans ; old hats, whoso slovenly, greasy brims speak eloquently of the loafers that make up a largo proportion of tho nomads, ovorou the movo to theso shifting El Dorados, whero in a few days somo "luoky beggar" has picked up enough gold to keep him in grog and idleness for a couple of months, or years, as the case may be. Tho salt bush country, as has been said is, for tho moat part, a desort waste, with but fow traces of man's presence. But thoso that aro found in tho form o&Iesertcd; shafts, and the sites of small alluvial diggings degrado and vulgarise the landscape. Even the Colmar mine, which, sinco it first came into existence 20 years ago, has never boon quite deserted, and is, as gold mines go in South Australia, on a largo and prosperous scale, forms an unsightly excrescence in tho wide, austere and melancholy plain that stretches around it to unimaginable distances. Tho enormous stack vomiting out amokc night and day, tho long, irregular engine house, of galvanised iron, with its perpetual roar of ma chinery ; the great heaps of bluish mullook, tho equally massive mounds of red and chocolate- colored tailings, the groups of squalid iron huts and motly patched tents in which tho miners live, all speak of a form of existence radically divorced from all that constitutes civilised lifo ; an existence, for tho most part, unlovely aa that of a tribe of savagos, but without tho savage tribe's pioturosquo wanderings ; also, it may bo added, without its occasional famines. But though tho daily routine and surroundings of Colmar aro dull and prosaic to a degree, its \ history is not without somo spico of adventure and variety. Gold was first found thero by a solitary bushman, who had gono prospecting, and camo upon .a rich gutter of gold near tho surface, from which ho extracted ovor £500 worth of gold in a few weeks. Ho was robbed and mur dered by two tramps, who surprised him as he was about to carry away his treasure. The murdorors woro convicted and hung. Tho noto riety thus gained by tho Colmar 03 a placo iu which a mau with a pick and shovel aud a digger's dish might pick up a couple of hundred pounds a week caused a great rush to tho neighborhood. But onco tho gravelly drifts of an old water course had boon exhausted, tha placo proved to havo littlo alluvial gold. A long low reef close to the old creok was found, however, to havo a very rich lode. In a short timo a company was floated, chiefly with Eng lish capital. Exponsivo machinery was bought, a larga substantial houso for tho mining munagor and numerous offices were orcctcd. In short, every thing was dono on that handsome and lnvisli scale in which business is so often conducted when it consists in paying away other people's money. After a fow years, during whioh tho directors drew handsomo fees, and tho share holders' experience largely consisted in paying unexpected calls, tho English company was wound up, and tho Colmar mine was bought hy a Melbourne syndicate. The now company had a shaft sunk a quarter of a milo away from tho old one at what proved to be a junction of lodes in 44 kindly country." Tho results wero for a timo sensationally good. The sweet simplicity of high monthly divi dends was maintained for nearly four years. During that timo the Melbouruo syndicate placed tho shares on tho Adelaide murket and sold them all at an astonishingly profitable rate. It was thou that Mr. Sliaw Drunnnond be came so largo a shareholder. A year after wards tho dividends waned, and then finally stopped for more than two yoars. Pooplosaid tho lodo had pinched out, and shares wero vory low indeed. Then caino a succession of sensational crush ings. New shares wero issued, and tho capi tal thus called up was devoted to fresh develop ment. Dividends were onco moro -resumed in an intermittent way. So tho Oolinar mino went on for years after it was owned by an Ado- luldo company — sometimes almost coming to a standstill, at others galvanised into feverish popularity by extraordinarily good crushings ; sometimes paying phenomenal dividends, at at othors times none. One year it would be woll managed ; another well robbed. Ono month yielding 40 per cent on the capital investod ; the next, porhaps, not yielding enough to cover working cxponses. At last, after tho history of the mine had been for two years moro erratic than ever, an American manager of great skill and ex perience was secured. For moro than a year Mr. Joseph S. Dunning worked tho Colmar mino at a wonderfully reduced cost and a rapidly in creasing profit. 13ut once more, what people began to call the bad luok of tho Colinnr re asserted itself. Ono afternoon Dunning wont down into tho mine hale and well, and half an hour afterwards was taken out a corpse, through tho carolessness or ignorance of a new "shift boss," who had at tho wrong time set a fuse to a charge of dynamite. Tho directors des paired of finding anyone worthy of coming aftor the lamented American manager. But in tho course of a week thoy sucocoded iu inducing an ' exceptionally good all round man to take tho position of manager, at least tentatively — ono whose mining experience was wide and thorough, aud whoso chftraoter stood high for probity. This was AVilliam Trovaskis, a justice of tho peace, and late M.P, for a town constituency. Ho had mado a fortune, chiefly by raining, but through two financial disasters, which occurred almost simultaneously — the skilful roguery of a man with whom ho had been in partnership as a land agent, and the failure of a local bank in whioh he had been largely interested — Trovas kis had in n short tirno been rendered almost penniless. He reaohed the mine one morning in Sep tember, nine days boforo Victor Fits Gibbou came thero as purser. Ono of tho periodic droughts of tho district was raging »z.z season, oral a .high nuilh wiad v»«» blowing, which blurred the light of tho sun and made the air thick with grit nnd blinding dust. This was moro especially tho case in tho vicinity of tho mine, where tho vast heaps of mullock and tailingH dispersed themsolves in the atmosphere on the slightest provocation. 1 Thick enough to cut with a shovel, isn't it, captain ?" said Searlo, tho then purser of tho mine who was showing tho new manager over tho offices. . "Is it often liko this?" asked Trevaskia in » gruff voice, rubbing tho dust out of his eyos. " Oh, not moro than three days a week, till Novomber. But from November till— ?— " "What in thunder is the use of that long iron passage ?" said Trevaskis in a tone of amaze ment. The two had oomo round out of tho assay room and the purser's offico, which were at the southern end of tho row of buildings generioally termed " tho offices." Atthenorfchornend was the manager's office, with a bedroom opening out of it at tho back. There wero six rooms in all, one opening into tho other. Tho three between tho manager's office and the purser's were used as store rooms. ' I was waiting for you to exclaim about that passage, captain," said Searlc, with a delighted chuckle. He was a plump, rod faced little man, in a continual effusion of garrulity, without tho power of discriminating between a contemp tuous and a deeply interested listener. Ho had been four years in tho mino off and on, and was nevor so happy as when he was showing a new comer round tho place for tho first time, telling ondloss storioR about it, dwolling with iraroenso complacency on all that made it " taken all in all, the most remarkable mino in the whole of South Australia, perhaps, indeed, on this side of the Sonthorn Gross." As Trevaskis stood staring at tho long nar row passage of corrugatod iron, six feet high, with a flat roof of tho same material, lit at in tervals by small single panes of glass let into the sides, Searlc felt that tho moment had corao for him to fire off this senteuco on the "captain." But ho had hardly made a beginning when Tro vaskis turned away from, him with an impatient and soornful grunt. . "Is this tho key of my office?" he said shortly, fumbling among the bunch Searlo had given him. Tho purser stood open mouthed, hardly croditing his senses. He had impatiently awaited the proud < and happy moment when this strango passage, which started from tho manager's office aiid termiuated at tho other end in an irregular circular iron building on tho side of tho roof, should strike the stranger with unbounded astonishment and curiosity. And now the new made manager gave an ill mannered grunt, and turned his back on ono of the most distinctive and mysterious features of the Colmar mine ! "Allow me, captain," said Searlo, recovering his scattered senses, and unlocking the door. When ho turned round he caught Trovaskia's eyos fixed on tho passago with a puzzled look. This was balm to Searlo's wounded feelings, and ho instantly attacked the subject once moro. "Did you ever see the liko of that at a mino before, captain ?" ho asked briskly. " I can't say that I have. What is it for?" "You soo the lougth of it — or at least you would if tho wind was not so thick with dust. It is three hundred and twenty feet in length- three hundred and twenty feet — six feet high and six feet wide — and " "But what the devil is it for?" But Searle, who never stopped talking as long as ho eould get a listoner, was too often forced to tell a thrice told tale. He was con- eequontly not inclined to waste a subjeot so criminally as to come so soon to tho point. "You see this key, captain.?" ho said, holding up one of the door keys on the manager's bunch that was smaller than the rest, "Well, that key opens this door at the end of your olfice, and when you open that door you're in tho pas sage. Yon go along that passago for threo hundred and twenty feet, and then you come to a oavo — a regular cave made into a good sized room — scooped out of tho side of tho reef, and ventilated with a stops, full of old machinery that belonged to the English com pany — a couple of furnaces, retorts, blanket tables, a bunk near the entrance, a table, a chair " . Searlo paused to take breath. He fully cxpeoted that before he bad reached so far in his description Trevaskia would have set off down the passage to examine the place for himself. But instead of this his face wore a look of stony indifference. " It's simply marvellous !" ho gasped, making a dospairing effort to infect his listener with a little becoming enthusiasm. "What is marvellous?" „ " Why, that big underground placo scooped out of tho sido of the reef, and connected with tho manager's office by a passago three hundred nnd twenty — — " " Damn tho three hundred and twenty feet !" cried Trevaskis, in a touo of intense irritation. " What is the thing used for ?" " First thorn was some sort of. natural cave, they say, and this was much enlarged. This en- \- largemcnt was undertaken by Doolcn," returned Searlc in a grave unmoved historical kind of voice. " That was before my time. They say bo felt the heat dreadfully, and used to stay down thero cool and quiet, without noise or dust, when tho thermometer wont above 115 degrees in the shade. Tho next manager took it into his bead that he got on tho traok of a good lode there, and set some men to work it. This made the place still larger, but I don't know about tho gold. There were a lot of queer yarns floating round, I believe." "Did you ever know a mino that hadn't a bagful of lies told about it every week ?" said Trevaskis, who was longing for an opportunity to have done with those reminiscences of his .predecessors. " Well, every manager that comos seems to think the one before him was a fool or a rogue." " I think some of the managers you've had here were both," said Trevaskis. " I'm sure tho man who made this passago — — " " Ah, I'm coming to that. This passage was made by Webster " " What ! tho man who turned miser here and then went mad ?" "The same, captain. I don't want to make anyone out blacker than ho is, but I'd just like to tell you what I know myself per sonally " " Thank you, I'm afraid I haven't got time to-day," answered Trevaskis, pulling out his watch 11 We must coufino ourselves for tho rest of the timo to business. It isn't a very cheerful subject. Webster became a raving lunatic ; Dunning was killod in tho twinkling of an eye. It only remains for mo to cut my throat to finish up the record. Well, I only came for a month to try it. I don't fancy I shall stay longor than that." Never had Searlc been more bitterly disap pointed in his anticipations of acting as show man to the Colmar mine. It was bad enough to treat the cave room and tho passage 320 feet long with surly contempt, but to havo the his tory of Webster— of whom Searle could never think without a certain shiver in the marrow of 1 his backbone— put by and passed ovor liko on old woman's ghost story ! Tho littlo man's heart swelled within him, and he went through the rest of his duties with Trevaskis obsorving the most dignified reserve. When at half-past ono ho watched Trevaskis goiug to dinner at tho tCotmnr Anns with a lowering brow and a set look on his face, tho purser, though tho least vindictive of mon, folt assured that if the now captain took himself off at tho end of a month ho would bo no loss to good fellowship— an opinion he folt no scruple in expressing to the engineer, with whom he boarded at the throe-roomed woatherboard hut of one of tho shift bosses close to the mine. I believo you're right there, Tom," said tho engineer. " You see, lie was at tho top of tho treo a Rhort timo ago iu town. I think having to como hero has put him off his chump so much ho'll never have a civil word to throw at a dog. but as to chuoking up £600 with times so bad- why, that's another mattor." This was exactly the aspect of tho case whioh was at that moment forcing itself on Trovaskis. When lie reached tho Colmar Arms he was mot at tho front door by the landlady, a lean, untidy looking woman, with a very tired and discouraged face, who showed him into tho diningroom' talking all tho time. "I thought you was tho new captain. Long Ben the driver told us as you 'ad come, but I didn't think as you was coming to dinner, not bein' 'ore at one. Poor Capon Dunning always come at one to the minute. Did you 'car, sir, as ho 'adu't gono half an hour from the Colmar Arms, aftor a dinner of young duck and cauli flower, when hu was cuituu away into eloinity, so to speak?" . "Ever since I came within a hundred milos of tho Colmar every soul I soo tells mo about Dunning's sudden death ! And now, if you please, I want a littlo dinner," said Trevaskis. The landlady with subdued volubility said she would do the best she could, but she had ox- pected him at one. Poor Capon Dunning always camo so regular at one, nnd things was very mixed with thorn then at tho Arms. Thoy had just moved into the front part which tho capon no doubt noticed was of stone. Tho baby, who was a littlo over 2 year old, was cut ting some hack tooth ; the cook had married at an hour's notice, just because thero was a man handy to havo her, and a Methody parson chanced to pass through ; and the houso maid was down with a bad cold. Theso details were imparted in dctnchmcnts, while tho good woman placed on tho tablo half a dozen fried chop?1, a loaf of bread, a two pound tin of apricot jam, a pound of oily butter, and a largo Britan nia metal teapot, half full of coarse lukewarm tea. Tho now manager mado a valiant effort to make some sort of a meal off theso viands. But the attempt only sickened him and took away all appetite. The chops were tough, raw, cold and greasy, tlio tea barky and bifctor, the milk slightly sour. Trevaskis pushed away tho moat, and drew the jam towards him. Thero wero two largo flics firmly embedded on tho surface. . . . -They wero everywhere, those flies, largo and small, buzzing in his ears and eyes— great flesh flies beat ing heavily against tho window panes. The big bare room, with a long tablo covered with a spotted cloth and an array of dim glasses; the woman in tho soiled print dross, with her dull jaded face, nnd wearied eyes, and tho whining child dragging at her skirts ; tho smell of raw colza oil in tho now paint, of damp mortar in the newly built walls ; the burst of loutish merriment that camo wafted from time to timo through tho open doors from the bar room ; tho look of the country ns seen through tho window— all weighed on tho man's mind like a hideous nightmaro. Ho had boon deeply miserable and irritated all day, indeed for many days back. But at this moment it was no longor misery, it was despair, and fell on him. "Good God! what a hole to, come to after all thoso years !" muttered Trevaskis to himself. Ho was a stalwart, powerfully built man, with a long and rather narrow face, the lower part com pletely covered with a thick grizzled beard and moustache. His noso was long and slightly curvod, a littlo to one side at tho end, .through an accident in early life. His eyes were pale, with a greenish light in fcbera, keen in expres sion, and very closo together. In moments of exoitoment the pupils would seem to clongato in a way that gave him rather a sinister look. The head was well formed, tho forehead square. Ordinarily he had tho alert determined air of ono who does not let his thoughts travel beyond tho matter in band, no superfluous words or imagination to bestow on any subject beyond bis own especial routine. But just now his face wore the strained and haggard look of one who had been badly beaten in the race of life. The landlady, seeing that ho had eaten nothing, brought in a plate of biscuit and some cheese. But Trevaskis gruffly declined theso delicacies, nnd ordered her to bring him some whisky and soda water. Then ho lit a strong Havana cigar, and as he smoked and sipped his whisky liiB courage revived. Ho would faco tho risk of being out of employment and out of pocket, iu civilised life, rather than stay on at the Colmar. Tho directors, in their cagorncss to secure him, had employed him on his own terms. It would be better to let them know at onco he would not stay beyond tho month. He pulled a largo flat pocketbook out of the breast pocket of his eoat, and turned over somo papers, looking for a blank half sheet on which to draw up a draft of the com munication he would send on tho morrow. The first letter that caught his eye was ono from his brother, expressing rather clumsily tho pleasure it gave him to bear Trovaskis had got a good job with high wages. Dick, ho said, was getting on well in the bank, and they wero both grateful to him for the billet. It was a very illiterate, ill-spelt scrawl, and brought buck to Trevaskis tho days of his early boyhood, when ho and his brother worked together in a Cornish mine. It was a squalid, hard life — both of them un kempt and uncarcd for, their mother dead, their father rough and intemperate. From 8 years of age till 16, Trevaskis thought, that was a long spell to work 12 hours out of the 24— often hungry, most of tho time bare footed. Then ho reviewod his long fight for wealth in Australia. Poverty, and the squalor of his early life had so bitten into him that ho had sworn a great oath he would make himself in dependent — yes, and rich, as many another had done in tho Southern Hemisphere. And gradually through long years of ascetic abstinence and tbc most rigid solf denial he achieved his purpose. Ho stuck to mining, it was tho work he understood best — fir3t on tho tribute plan, then on claims of his own, and all his money as ho saved it he put into careful investments. Ho had gone almost hungry, certainly very dirty, and in very broken boots, once when he was working in a poor patch of country, whioh did not yield " tucker" money. And yet at that time tho savings on which he would not encroach had swollcd to £4000. Aftor that crisis his gains had increased by leaps and bounds. And at last, aftor 17 years of toilsome lonely work and rigid saving, ho found himself the master of over £60,000. Ho had determined ho would have enough to live on liko a gentleman before he left tho bush. When ho did so ho lived in Adelaide, rented a handsome house, kept his carriage, weub into Parliament, andN married the daughter of a well-to-do doctor, "a lady born," ns he ofteu proudly said to himself. Even if he had known — and ho did not — that his father-in-law was the son of a retired butcher, the knowledge would not have modified this exultant feeling. His long apprenticeship to work in its grimiest form, moiling in the dirt with soiled skin and filthy clothing, mado him keenly sensible of all thcgraces and pleasantness of affluence. He never quite lost his first vivid impression of delight iu tho oft ease, tho luxury, tho perfect cleanliness of well to do households. The feci of soft carpets under foot, the gleam of piotures on tho walla, the glitter of silver on the table, tho taste of dainty food well cooked, the rustle of ladies' silken gowns, tho gleam of jewels on their arms aud nooks ; tlicse things would always have a higher worth for bim than for thoso to whom they were familiar from childhood. To him thoy repre sented tho highest good, tho greatest enjoy ment, of wluch man is capable. They were the symbol of that privileged exalted life of which his fore-father had caught passing glimpses behind barred gates and through the corridors leading froin servants' halls. " And, alter all, I've como back to it again — this damned mucky life among dirty laborers, and in a worse place than I've ever set foot in bofore. I might as well be a wombat in an — earthed up burrow," he said to himself, closing up his pocket book; Ho could not frame a draft of the letter ho thought of writing ; the foar of absolute want stared him in the face. He could do nothing but ponder in bitterness of heart on tho record of his life ; his 25 years of ignominious toil, his aspirations, his determina tion to succeed, his oight years of complete and assured success, and then his compioto and bitter failure, lie took up his bat, and, crush ing it over his eyes, strodo away to tho lonely cheorlcss rooms that uow formed hia only homo. To be continued.) 