Cricket Notes. ——♦—— [By the ' Old 'Un.'] I have been waiting patiently for the Athletic Association to eventuate ; but I fear, like many good resolutions, it has been strangled at the birth — at all events, for all practical purposes, it is non est ; and as even its father, the gentle 'Demon,' looks rather dubiously at his offspring, we may be for- given if we treat it as an unknown, and not likely to be known, quantity. The old Bathurst Club, too, has, after a long and lingering death, quietly given up the ghost ; but let us hope that from its ashes may arise a combination that will be a credit to our city ; and there really seems to be some hope of this, as a club has been formed, which is practically a union of All Saints' College and the old Bathurst Club, and as it will not be weighted with the traditions, heart-burnings, jealousies, and last, but not least, debts of any worn out old institution, there will be much hope for it ; like my friend 'The Demon though, I am of opinion a wrong step has been taken by rating the subscription so low as half a guinea. Unless the honorary officers and members are unusually liberal, it will be found the management will be crippled by want of the needful. As the combination will probably include Saxby, Jas. Palmer, Gornall, S. Turrell, McKibbin, Sloman, Clarke and others the club should immediately take first rank in the city, more especially as the other notable players are now distributed between two or three clubs, and as it is a well-known fact that union is strength it is just as true that dis-union spells weakness. The cricket this season so far has not been of a very high standard and unless our players go in for good and constant practice the manufacture of 'duck-eggs' will glut the market in a very short time, the only players to bat worth mentioning so far was Ernest Keane's half century for the Alberts and Taylor's 35 for the Ivanhoes, of the others the least said the better with the exception perhaps of Hadley who shaped fairly well in his maiden effort for the Ivanhoes — the Alberts of whom great things was expected were easily and unexpectedly beaten on Saturday by the St. Stanislaus College C.C. The latter team pulls well to- gether and may yet work up a first-class team and once more attain the high place the club held some five years ago when the team included, McCristal, O'Mara, Daly, Flynn and others. I trust before my next that the principal clubs will have settled down to work and I will then deal with the merit of the different clubs and players. 