PASSING NOTES. By Fadstine. Wo are all ghost-haunted, after some fashion or other ; if not by Air. Stead's second-hand penny-dreadful phantoms, by Had, familiar spirits from our own past. They pluck us by the sleeve at happy, res tive seasons, when wc would fain bo free ' from teasing memories. They sigh to us in spring breezes and wintry winds, they Hash electric through the golden noonday and Hit across our midnight dreams. A voice, a face, a perfume, a few simple chords of music, a poet's well-worn utterance can con- i | jure them up for us— wo cannot escape from them anywhere, even if we would. But it really is too bad wheu a dreadful little re- frain that you've read a hundred times over before dinner without iiuding your atten tion to the -menu in Hie least distracted by | it suddenly starts up in a quiet corner of | your brain and chases you about for a fort- ! night — pursues you relentlessly even through : a comic opera or a visit to your pet dress maker. " And that unrest whioh men mis- call delight," for instance— I've been per- | sistently followed by that tiresome, ex- ; qusitely-sad little " Shelleyism" for days. I don't know why. One of two things might be at the bottom of it. First, the Shelley celebration, which, by the way, after much anxiety concerning it, I have come to regard as a mistake. Not that there lacked charming items on the . programme; not that the true feeling of ap- i preciation was wanting for the exquisite gifts of the sweet young singer. But you can't " celebrate" Shelley. You might as well try worthily to render his own Skylark's song as bring the tender spirituality of " Adouais' or the passionate charm of the " Serenade" down to the level of the footlights. The other probable reason for the haunting sprite I have mentioned might lie, by some curious j psychological link in the chain of cause and I effect, in a letter from an unknown friend, touching on thcosophic problems, which, it appears, I have dealt witli somewhat lightly in this column once or twice. The lady's letter is before nie now, and the tone of the reproof is so gentle, yet withal ho earnest and true, that it touched and grati fied mc more than any flattery could have done. "Occasionally you make some reference to theosophy," she says, "and not such reference as you would be likely to make if you knew how very dear are its pure teachings to some of our human hearts. Truth need fear nothing however handled, I know, yet what is pure and realises our idea of the true one thinks it a sacred duty to plead shall not be subjected to even gentlest gibing." It should not, and shall not, by me at least, while one honest soul holds it worth such earnest championship. The "Australasian Home Reader" for August has a paper by Airs. Mann, read before the Asnheld Modern Literature Circle, on a sub ject that has always interested mc greatly, but which lias, to tho best of my knowledge, rarely been touched upon, viz,, the peculiarity of Oliver Wendell Holmes' vocabulary. " Unusual Words and Phrases met with in 4 The Autocrat of the Breakfast-table,"5 Airs. Mann styles her article, but it is not only in that work that tho author's eccen tricities of style abound. Beauties I might say ; for never, surely, were more expressive worda and phrases coined than appear in all his pages. I do not think, witli all due defe rence, that the lady does justice to her theme. Take, for instance, the word " muliebrity." <l Feminieity and muliebrity used of a voice," she says, " must mean wo . manishness.'" "Feminieity" does, I venture to reply ; " muliebrity " means something more, something richer and rarer, us a certain pas sage in Professor Holmes' charming novel 44 Elsie Venncr" will prove, better than any explanation 1 can give. The distinction be tween the two types is perfect. The young master stood looking at Helen Darley with a kind of tender admiration. She was such a picture of the martyr by the slow coiubustive process that it seemed to linn lie could see a pale lambent nimbus round her head. " " 1 did not see you at the great party last evening," he said, presently. She looked up, ami answered, " No, I have not much taste for such large companies. Besides, 1 do not feci us if my time belonged to me after it has been paid for. There is always something lo do, some lesson or exercise, — .... I hope you had a good time." " Very. Two or three of our girls were there. Rosa Milburn. What a beauty she is. I wonder what she feeds on ? Wine and musk, ami chloroform and coals of fire, I believe. I didn't think there was so much color and flavor in a woman outside the tropics." Aliss Darley smiled rather faintly; tho imagery was not just to her taste: Jcminiety . often finds it very hard to accept the fact of muliebrity. It is difficult to improve on these delicate touches. Wc all know a woman or two, not more, of tho " musk and chloroform and coals of tire" order. She is strangely attrac tive. even to women, especially to men. .She is magnetic. You feel her thrilling eyes upon you even when you arc turned away. .She breathes life and love and enjoymeut in its fulness. The red blood bounds inglorious leaps through her veins, and fills her pulses with wayward, healthy, passionate instincts, which she sometimes forgets to control. But you love her all the same ; even when " feminieity," calm and sweet and well regulated, and self-controlled, conies forward lo lay down its life in your behalf, purchase your freedom by years of abject slavery, or forgive your neglect and unkindness until seventy times seven. It isn't fair or just, j but the fact remains. " Feminieity" is ! " womanishness" ; yes. (The term seems : hardly worthy of tho liner types, but let it - stand.) Muliebrity, warm, daring, impe- I tuous, loving, wilful, is simply woman ; I woman who refuses to be altered even by ! that supreme ideal of womanhood, entire ! self-abnegation, from what God made her j first. If her nature bo sweet and true, and j her thoughts pure, throw away the pruning- 1 knife. " Lean which way you please, with all your leaves," you say. Shu docs. And: tho curious part of it is that though you | can't quite make up your mind that her wild, untrained luxuriance is Hie perfectly "correct tiling," you wonder why garden flowers seem scentless and pale beside it. I, have admired Airs. .Stanley, tho wife of the explorer, as a woman, as an artist, as a ' j wife. Do I admire her equally well as ' " Mrs. Stanley on the stump," " Airs. Stanley canvassing for her husband in the 4 New Out,' '' Airs. Stanley 4 carrying him in ' "Y (an iUu.s- ' trative parody on one of her own pictures), is a question 1 have been asking myself since 1 saw the ljaily Graphic sketches on the sub ject. 1 don't think 1 do. It isn't the can vassing, or the stump oratory, or the funny, maternal way in which she takes her uniu- tercsting-lookiug iililo husband under her . wing and tries to transform him iulo a hero- statesman. These arc legitimate nclds of ; action for any woman until she can work the oracle on Iter own behalf, which she will do ere long. But there is just a suspicion of bad taste in alternately wheedling and bullying an East-end crowd to a belief in your hus band's perfections which it doesn't seem dis posed to accept, while he stands by to pro tect you from tho threatened consequences of your wifely ardor. 44 1 tell you," said tho lady, after the author of "Darkest Africa" i had shouted himself hoarse in a vain en- ' deavor to obtain a hearing, 44 you will he doing a bad thing if you turn your back upon Mr. Stanley now. He is at this moment the greatest man in the world." However, tho audience didn't seem to think so. it wouldn't have Stanley, and politely .signified tho fact, ; though it gave his wile a patient and cour teous hearing. If she had been canvassing for herself, the general opinion appears to he that she would have had uu immense success. She may "nave yet in that good ! time coining when the whole duty of woman shall not consist in offering up her own indi viduality at the shrine of somebody else's. i The l% social problem" has its occasional , gleams of humor, according to an American magazine. It wants them badly, oven if they oomo in the shape of an awful warning j to charitable ladies who belong to one or ' many of the relief organisations witli which every great city now, unfortunately, must abound — until something better can be thought of. However, the following list, given to a member of a woman's relief society by a " starving " applicant when re quested to state what she 44 really needed most," is amusing and not uninstruetive : — 1 Beetled jursey Gacket, 1 set Blond reel luire phrlzzes, 1 dress Bonet in kurdincl tihd blue, Pare Aluskeotare glovi. to the elbo, 1 Parrysol lo keep the sun off, lied I'lush fotograir Albun, 1 dotted tool vale. For my own part, I hope this frank votary at the shrine of milliner's finery got her 44 heeded jersey jacket" and her 44 dotted tool vale,' if that was her idea of the beauti ful. Why Hie necessities of the poor should bo supposed to keep within the limits of bread and meat and a place to lie down in I don't know. Beauty and art are necessities, only they haveu't time even to know it very often, poor things. I wish I had the ad dress of my friend of the 44 hare phrizzes,'' even though she isn't, evidently, a believer in 44 lilies of the lield " doctrine. She should have a red plush 44 fotograff albun " on the spot, just as a souvenir of uu admirer of her 44 pluck " and her ambition. I heard a little story this week from a gentlewoman who was patronised by the 44 Industrial League," which didn't give me a particularly favorable idea of that ambi. tious institution. Poor pay, short time allowance and mean treatment at the end of the contract, that was her experience of a society that professes to aim specially at helping women gently born and reared, who have been thrown upon their own resources. There are two sides to every question, of course, and as yet I have heard but one. But my sources of information are so good that doubt of any kind seems impossible. One is sorry to hear of an instance of defective management in a scheme that ought to be so benelieial, for there are plenty of poor gentle women in our inidst who would be only too overjoyed to avail themselves of anything that would enable them to earn a little money without tho publicity they dread. However, the league id in its infancy yet. Let us hope that, once weU'establishcd, its record will be altogether a bright and a successful one. One lady, I hear, is going lo .start a florist's shop in Sydney, or something of that sort. It sounds very nice indeed, and I don't see why ladies shouldn't take shops if they want to. Many high up in tho scale have done so, and, I might add, many have regretted it. But, dear me 1 that terrible 44 com petition "question crops up. Charms against cheapness ; grace and beuuty agains busi ness ability. Wouldn't any man, with eyes to see and ears to hear, rather pay the shil ling for a 44 buttonhole," handed to him by his favorite partner at the last ball, over a cup of afternoon tea, prepared by dainty fingers, than get the same thing for sixpence of a young woman with round eyes like saucers, who says 44 haonw" for 44 how" and drops her h's ? Of course he would, and you can't blanieliiin. There's the lea business too. Three or four fair tea merchants have started in London lately. Their tea isn't good, but their company is ; so they do very well, much to the chagrin of Air. Jones round the corner, who sell3 the genuine article, wears an apron, aud oils his hair religiously on Sundays. No, it isn't fair — it really isn't. Bub what can you do? . Women, pretty, nice, attractive women, are us plentiful as blackberries, and money is not. Our daughters must do something ; unless we take the advice of Colonel Higgin- son's little three-year-old girl. 44 If I had too many daughters," remarks this precocious young person, in conlidenee to her doll, 44 I'd take 'em into the woods and lose 'em — I'd take 'em to the sea and push 'em in." The daughters, unfortunately, have a voice in that matter, and they might prefer trading in tea or roses to premature extinction. We must just let things take their course, I sup pose : but 44 our girls" at present are not having a lively time of it. 