S(50th rear of Publication.) With which it ncorpected tht 1,rtlatl ~ltrtor. -. ---o- Published every Monday, Wednesday. an Friday EveningI WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1, 1892. VIccronAl RAnoEas.-The movement to establish a compaoy of Vi'oorian Rangers in this town is not proceeding as rapidly as could be desired. At the same time there are quite a number who aver they are willing to join, and these would much facilitate matters by signing their names on the papers in the possession of either Mesasrs, J. A. Row, R. S. Mathe son, or Sergeant- Major Egan. If there is the inclination to join the movement that appears to prevail, the sooner it is put into definite shape in the manner above stated the better, and we trust that during the next week the list will be added to very considerably. In a recent issue we referred to the existence of a de. sire on the part of residents of Bridge. water to have a detachment of Mounted Rifles established in their midst, We were slightly in error, it would appear, for a resident informs us that it is the Rangers that the Bridgewater boys wish to join. It will be re membered that Lieut.-Colonel Otter stated that a detachment at Bridgewater was not feasible by reason of the difficulty of obtaining an instructor. We are now informed, however that the difficulty can be got over, and if such ,s the case the success of the Portland company of Rangers is assured, for Bridgewater could supply a contingent of at least s0 men of as fine physique and as smart as any to be found in the colony, Bcrren FAcronr.-Elsewhere a corres pondent suggests the advisability of calling another meeting for the purpose of taking steps to establish a butter factory in Pocrtland, with creameries at different places in the locality. Our correspond. ent appears to be proceeding on the assumption that the Bridgewater pro. posals will lack fruition, but we believe the committee appointed are workig up the matter and that the prospectus will shortly be issued. At the same time no harm can come from ventilating the matter, and our Bridgewater friends may still prefer that this town should be the centre of operations. Hamilton is show. ing the spirit necessary to bring such a movement to a successful issue in con nection with the decision to establish a factory in that town, DIsTarcT WonRss,-The drainage works at Condsh Swamp are to be pushed on more vigorously in order to find work for the unemployed. Foa Paovross..--In our last issue the shipping intelligence chronicled the ar. rival of a schooner. We have since learned that the visitor is the Lsabel, and that she put into this port for provisions, The schooner is bound from Ulverstone to Adelaide with palings. The Isabel is still at anchor in the bay. BoAnD or ADVICE.-Mr, John McClin. took has ben appointed a member of the Board of Advice for the West Riding of the Shire of Portland. EL.cloas' RionTs.-To.day is the last day for being enrolled on the supplemen. tary lists for both Houses, All those who have not obtained rights should not fail to do sb, as a general election appears to be looming in the not far distant future, Lausss ArrPnovx.-Hugh Cameron. 319a 3r 30p, parish of Heywood; William Smith, 214a 3r lip, parish of Glenelg. A Bio Fuze.-A very extensive fire broke out in the premises of Messrs. James Serviceand Oompany, of William and Collins streets, early on Tuesday meoring. Nobody knows how it origin. ated, Damage to the stock amounting to £50,000 was caused. This amount is covered by insurance. Two firemen had a most exciting and perilous experience. They were at work on one of the walls, and the ladder by which they ascended was removed to enable men to mount the building at another point, Im. mediately after the ladder had been removed the flames shot out towards theose men and they stood in great danger. They did not lose their nerve, however, but the utmost anxiety was felt for them by the crowd of spectators, and a cry ,"They'llb killed" wa sent up. The fears for them were intensfied almost imniediately, as clouds of smoke and steam surrounded them and hid them from view as the 'en stationed below directed water on the fiames. The ladder was qniakly replaoed at the spot where it originally was fixed, and the men de. scended in safety, and amid the cheere of the crowd.--Herald. PAacEts were lying at the Pier station this morning for Goldsmith and Davis, F. Les?hy, lMiss M. Ross, J. Dowling IV. T. Robins (care of Adams), O. Wzight, T. F. Williams, Jarrett and Sons, MiuRow (IKeeleng) W,T.Dosting, T. Huxley, Miss Beid, C, French. THE AnDNo CASE.-The News says: -. Mr. John McIntyre, on behalf of the petitioners regarding the recent appeal for the remission of the portion of sent- ol ence relating to whipping passed on h Timothy Ryan in connection with the a Ardno scandal, has received the follow. ing reply:--"Crown Law Office, Mel. bourne, 27th May, 1892. Gentlemen, in Referring to your petition dated the 16th cl instant, presented by the honorable Mr. Shiels, M.P., urging that the portion of a the sentence relating to whipping imposed G on the prisoner T. IRyan at the sittings of tI the Supreme Court at Hamilton on the 5th C May for carnally abusing a g;rl uLder the age of 16 years, may be remitted, I am directed to inform you that h after the fullest enquiry, the Soli- tl citor General, to whom the matter has been referred by his Excellency the Governor, has failed to discover any grounds upon which to advise Ihe Excel lenoy to interfere in any way with the sentence passed on the prisoner, and His Excellency has accordingly deolined to interfere,-1 have the honor to be, Gentle. men, Your obedient servant, A, P. t Akehurnt " FooTnALL.--The following teams have d entered for the cup generously presented by Mr. P. Clarke, of Condoh :-l-amil ton Juniors, Cassterton, Portland, Condah, and Branxholme. The draw for the order in which matches shall be played resulted in Condah and Branxholme being drawn to meet next Saturday. On the 18th June the Portland club meets the winners on the ground of the latter. The match for the Glossop trophy be. 1 tween Coleraine and aseterton on Satur. day resulted in a draw, both sides secur. ing two goals. This leaves Coleraine with 6 points, while Casterton scores 2. A protest has been entered by the Caster. ton team against a man named Kane playing for Coleraine, Casstertcon claims the match. The protest will be decided this week. PORTLAD Comamon.--We mentioned in a previous issue that the Lands Depart ment had granted the application for an extension of the Portland Common. We would temind those interested, however, that no managers have been appointed, and the Department is enquiring what steps have been taken in this direction. The sooner a public meeting is called, and managers appointed, the better. SoCIAL EVENING.-- ,e are informed t that the members of the Rer. Mr. Shanks' a Bible Class have arranged to have a t social evening at the Manse on Monday evening. The event is being looked for. ward to with a great deal of pleasurable I anticipation. MILItroY.-Following is the result of the Crose.Gun Examination :-Bombadier Brown 126, Bombadier Fox 108, Ser. geant Taylor 102, Sergeant Couch 101, Corporal Dusting 101, Corporal Jones 9S, Gunner Marshall 9S. It is not stated what the maximum points obtainable were. A General order from head quarters stated 100-50 each practical and theo retical, but it is now understood that between 80 and 1100 were the maximum points for the theoretical. PAY Youn RATE-.-We remind back. ward ratepayers that to ensure being placed on the roll their rates must be paid by the 10th of June. Great excite ment in the way of an election is promised in August, and everybody should see that they are in a position to cast a rote, LOoCAL OnTlo.--" At a poll taken at a Portland on October 14th, 1891, the ms. jority of the ratepayers voted for having a the existing number of hotels within the p borough (9) reduced by two. The statu. s tory number is five, so that there will still be two in excess of that number after the e expressed wish of the citizens has been 9 carried into efect. It has been decided a that a licensing court shall sit in Portland on Saturday, 11th June, to determine a which houses are to be closed." The above is from the Spectator, and we under. a stand that Superintendent Drought was in Portland yesterday inspecting the hotels with a view of advising the court as to which should be closed, r Tn S.ruIIs AT TIUE UEAD.-Ao000ord. ing to the Victorian Railways Gaustte there a were in December, 1889, in the iRailway Department 11G Smiths, 63 O'Briens, 44 e Andenons, 51 Clarks. 81 Browns, 61 d Davis, 65 Johnsons, OS Jones, 29 Kellys, 37 MoCsrthys, 50 iobertsons, 96 lyans, 7G Thompsons, 87 Williams, A CoraT of Marine Enquiry was held this morning into the cause of the wreck of the schooner Julius off the Gippsland Scoast on the 3rd May, The Court attri. f buted the disaster to the vessel springing a leak and having to be beached in the endeavor to save the lives of those on it board, No blame was attached to any. -body. C? TAn.Lst the beet medicine known in BuANDan and Sors' EUCALYPTI EXTa.CT. The 0 its eminent powerful effects in coughs. colde Sinfluenza ; the relief is Instantaneoun. In serious cases, and accidens of all kinds, be Sthey wonnds,banrns, scaidints bruises,sprains I it is the safest remedy-no swrelhlng-no in flammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammatine ao the lungs, swellings, &c.;,diarhea,dysentry, . diseases of the kidneys and nrinary organs. In uses at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe ; patronisedby His Majesty the King V of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Treust gn this approved article, and reject allothers \--ADVYT d TtNeS WoRnT CONSIlDEIATION.-Are yon . ill Are any of your friends sick I Have the doctors told you your disease is incurable Are you tired of taking nauseous drugs 1 Do you want to regain health I The Microbe Killer is the most wonderful medicine ever heard of, Its cures are simply marvellous. In England nad America its sales are larger than any medicine in the market. Seventy-five per cent. of our successes are with so- called incurable cases. Ieod the pamphlet. Investigate for yourself. Try the Microbe Killer and yon will bless the Sdiscoverer. Scientific men admit that all dis. caers ar caused by Microbes. We do not give you twenty different medicines for as many different dirseas. The Microbe Kil.er cres t all diseases. It kills the microbes, and thus de Strop the germs of the disease. no matter what it is. We use no drugs of any kind. The Microbe Killer is simply pure water charged with gases, It is pleasaut to take and per. fectly harmles. to all, except germ life. a Since it was first placed on sale in Anvtralia (over two years ago) the sales have increased Senormously, andi thousands of people have been cured of diferent diseases. We have many testimonials from leading Australians, and all who have used the Microbe Killer are recom. a mending it to their friends. Everyone should Shave a jar in the house. Do not delay. Do not wail till disease attacks you. Prevent it by using Radam's Microbe Killer. Beware of urirous Imitations. Bty only the genuine m. Badam's Microbe Killer. bend forpamph. let, P. W. hherill, agent for Portland; W, and W, Thomnon, agent for Hamilton. LOCAL OPTION LAw.-The Treasury vouchers in connection with the payment s of compensation to the publican. whose houses are to be closed under the Local Option Law, reached Maryborough on Monday, and have been presented to the interested publicans for signature as claimants. In consequence, however, of t a legal opinion, obtained from Messrs. t Gau'son and Finlayscn, to the effect that tbs proceedings of the recent Arbitration r Court were invalid, nearly all the pub licans approached by Sergeant Sherson have refused to sign the vouchers, stating their intention to challenge another struggle in the court before they yield to I whbat they regard as an infringement of their rights and liberties.- Herald. A SOIANGE CASE.-The SVarrnambool a correspondent to the Herald wired on Monday:-At the coroner's court this t morning an inquiry was held concerning t the death of a girl, named Elizabeth Brittain. From the evidence it seemed t that the girl had been examined by two doctors in October last, and both said t that she was suffering from cancer. Last t February the father of the girl called in a man styling himself "Professor" George Burgess, mognetist and herbalist. Burgesl said he had a gift from the Almighty, and could cure the girl, He treated her for some weeks, and alleged that he obtained worms and in. sects from her shoulder. The parents became dissatisfied with Burgess's treat. ment, paid him, and dismissed him. The girl died two months afterwards. The medical evidence given at the inquest showed that death might have been I accelerated by the treatment resorted to by Burgess. The coroner summed up in his favor, but the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter, and Burgess has been arrested. TIaRrBL. STBRE1 ACCIDr.NT.-A terri. rible incident occurred in Melbourne on Saturday evening, whereby one man was killed and another very severely shaken, through the breaking of an electrio light. ing cable, and their ignorance of the danger they ran in meddling with it after. wards. The cable snapped during the thunderstorm whicli visited the city at about 8 o'clock, and at the same time, a blinding flash of lightning illumined the heavens, leading to the supposition that the lightning struck the wire with suffi. cient power to fuse or break it. The dangling ends emitting sparks soon gathered together a number of the curious and some of the more venturesome pro. ceeded to handle the wires, but were cautioned as to their danger. Two men r who arrived on the scene, namely Gharles henry Andrews and Hubert Wells, de termined to coil one end of the wire up and put it out of the way, but the former I managed to catch hold of the end which ' was bare of insulation, and received the full force of the current-2000 volts. Seeing his terrible position, Wells ran to t his aid, and had no sooner caught hold of a his wrist than he also received the force of the current, which immediately had fatal effect. A bystander, with great promptitude, severed the wire with an axe, and released Andrews, who was in great agony, but alter treatment in the hospital.Andrews recovered suflioteulty to proceed to his home. a TAsat.?.is sples by the Aroadia sold in London at from 9s to 4I per case. S I cosTs £33,000 a year to keep the State schools clean, So says Mr. Peacock. e 0. our fourth page Mr. P. W. Shevill, of Percy street, inserts a new "ad," which II is worth perusal, particularly by our e country readers. A 0YorCLrST named Bates has covered d in England, 352 miles in 23. hours-are. cord for the world. a Tax Australian apples shipped to Lon. don by the BR.M'S' Arcadia, have been n sold at from 5s to 10s per case, o ADVICs from England state that recent shipments of Bendigo apples arrived in London in good order, being in much Sbetter condition than Tasmanian apples, e Up to 1s acase realised for ribstone pip. y pins, 1is Gd for Sturmer pippins, and 4 133 Gd for Cox's orange pippins. , Ir all the money in the world was s, equally divided among civilised people, every person would get £6 as his share. d Dnoso the past three months there k has been an increase of £4 per head in .d the price of cattle in the Melbourne i. market. g THiEEa are now 120 duly qualified e female medical practitioners in England, IThe death rate continues to be the Ssame. DEE?InG'S MOTHER is said to hare n been a religions woman, while his father was a great believer in ghosts and dreams n As incident, which caused mach senssa Stion at the time, occurred at the Warroam. . bool sale yards on Friday afternoon. Mr, ed T. Maloney, when standing in the selling c yard, suddenly attracted the attention of Sa very wild ballook, which, rushing at en him, jammed him against two posts ripping g open his waistcoat and inflicting a nasty at abrasion on the skin, The consequences i might have been serious had not Mr John Looney come rapidly to the rescue by dealing the beast a heavy blow on the Shorns with the stick he earried, his prompt rc action preventing further trouble. TrE disjna!ificstion for 12 months of is Thomas Tobin and the horse IIohenlinden, it and of J. Jenkins for sir months, by the ce Portland hRacing Clubl, for suspicions Spractices on May ISth, has been endorsed Sby the committee of the Y.l.C, S Plrs.-Jlr. J. II. W'oods will offer 25 e forward slips at his mart on Saturday S P?aTrUctLnus are adlertised elsewhere of a land sale at Hleywood by Messrs. at Freckleton and MEcCallum. Steln E TL.DSae.-'l'le list of works to r. be tendered for at the next Shire meeting e. are published elsewhere, Ajs interim meeting of the shareholders n of the National Trustees, Executors, and 7 Agency Co. of Australia was held yester. 11 cay. It was stated that the net profit was £3554 Os 2d, allowing the directors t to remamend a dividend to 15 pen cent. y whIch would absord £22O0, and leave a ) balance of £1301· Os 2d to be csrried for. mard to the next balf.year. Ie moved a motion in accordance with the statement which was carried. RECOVER IN A VOLUNTEER'S KIT..-. somewhat novel case came before Traral- gon Police Court, when Colonel Price, as commanding officer of the Victorian Mounted Rifles, proceeded against George Hower, of Glengarry, formerly a member of the force, for non-compliance within order to return his kit, as laid down in the regulations of the service. It appearad that the defendant was discharged from the C Company M.R.V. in March, 1889, and since that time the colonel and other officers had repeatedly applied for the return of the kit, but every demand had been ignored, and registered letters had been returned. The defend- ant at times promised to com- ply, and did return some of the artlcles belonging to his equipment, but others be stolidly refused to give up. The prosecution now sought to have a fine inflicted, that the case might act as a deterrent to others, as the offence was said to be somewhat prevalent. There was practically no defence, and the ac- cased admitted that be had not returned the articles under the impression that he had become entitled to them by long ser- vice. The Bench were of opinion that it was necessary to make an example, as the defendant had had ample opportunity to comply with the order of the officers, whom he had simply to set at defiance. They accordingly imposed a fine of £1 and £2 2e costs in the hope that it would hase a salutary effect and be a lesson to any other delinquents. flow THE MIoNEY Goxs.-A return with reference to expenditure in the Railway department, applied for by Mr. Gordon, was presented to the Legislative Assembly on Thursday. It showed that a sum of £146,561 has been expended on the new railway offices in Spencer street, and that further sums, amounting to about £10,000, have to be paid to the contractors. The cost of furnishing the offices to date has been £4,410, the work having been done mostly by tender. The expenditure on the Maryborough station, including furnishings, has been about £24,800, and further sums amounting to about £1,400 have yet to be paid, 