? ? ? li.ii h me lady and gentlemen are somewhat declined into the vale of years, show no signs of hu&Hn;!;. The lady won't give in, hut, finds herself rather dull in her solitary state, and the gentleman won't give in, perhaps because. he finds himself too comfortable in the large boarding establishment whither he has betaken himself. It is said, indeed, that he has gone the length of removing his brass plate from his wile's door, and has placed it ou that of his present residence in token of his intention never to return to his legal abode. Of course, the quarrel is about a bagatelle, aud I must say thatmasculine sympathy seams all against the lady, who earns much the larger income as it happens. A good story has just reached me from A voca anent one of the gentlemen forming the Railway Committee -which visited that mining centre last week. The special train with its precious freight liad got. about half-a-mile on its return journey when the gentleman in question discovered that he had left his gloves behind, and it is stated as an actual fact that the trail) returned to the station for them , No, it is not a fact that one of the ladies (a handsome one) of the late Italian Opera Company 13 yoing to embark in business in Melbourne. She is going to do much belter thau that, marry a compatriot., who is good-looking, well-ofl' aud engaged in business not unconnected with the refreshing of the inner man. Everyone wishes the lady well, inasmuch as of all the unlucky company she was the most unfortunate, having the mischance to be ill nearly all the time the company was here and having her salary docked lu consequence. The crowds of unemployed about the streets of Melbourne just now makes one's heart ache, especially when one thinks of the women and children at home. It seems to me that, many of these men have " a lean and hungry look," a sort of wolfish aspect which used not to be apparent .Lbout the ngitator-led crowds of former years. I was told the other day by a lady who is engaged in charitable work in South Melbourne that she is aware of an instance where four families are living in a, fourroomed house, a family in each room—London fashion—aud iu another case of which she knows twenty people are bestowed ill a three-roomed house. If this state of things continues, I fear we shall come to the condition, said to prevail in the lowest slums of Great Britain, where five families sometimes are to be found occupying ouo room, one in each corner and one in the middle, and yet Melbourne, is estimated to spend £20,0IM a week ou merest amusement, and not less than £21JOU was spent each night at the late tug-of-war. Much do I wonder when I read of all the great things that are to be done by women at the Chicago World's Fairnext year, that the women of Victoria have not yet bestirred themselves to make any display at that omnium gatherum of all nations. Women are to have a building for the display of their own special work, and " The Women's Building" (with very big capitals please) is very handsome, issplendidy situated on the shores of the beautiful Michigan in Jackson and Washington Parks. It measures 200 feet by 400 feet, covering nearly two acres of ground, and is very nearly complete. Furthermore, it has been designed by a lady architect, Miss Sophia Hayden, of .Boston, and will be decorated in the Italian Renaissance style entirely by women, all wood and stone carving-, painting, etc., being done entirely by them. Pictures in oils, water-colours and chalks, sculptures, wood and stone carvings, wax modelling, decoration, leather work, art and decorative embroideries, and laces will be amongst the exhibits. Educational, philanthropic and hospital work will be conspicuous features. The building willeontain a model hospital fully equipped with lady physicians and trained nurses, and in connection with the hospital will be a department of public comfort, for the treatment of cases of slight iudispositiou and accidents unavoidable in largo crowds. Branch establishments of this department will be found in all the other principal buildings of the exhibition. The women's department is managed by a Board of women, with Mrs. Potter Palmer as president. Mrs. Potter Palmer last year visited Europe as a delegate, aud aroused much interest in nearly all countries. A powerful committee of women, with Princess Christian at their head, was formed in London. Shall we, iu Melbourne, lag behind? There is not much time to lose now if we are to do anything worth while. The magnitude of the Chicago Exhibition may lie understood from the fact that £fi,000,000 sterling will be expended upon it, and that the building of Liberal Arts will cover thirty aud a-half acres; the Horticultural Building, six acres, and the Fine Arts Building, four acres. It is estimated that fully twenty millions of people will visit the Exhibition, and perhaps Victoria will be represented by only a few bales of wool. Christmas is so far past as to give a ghost story a belated sort of look, l.ke a poor wandering spirit caught by the early dawn—but I must tell you one which has just reached nie from the far, far north. It happened to a friend of mine only a few weeks ago. so he declares. Poor Jack has been for some time on one of those dreadful northern stations, where drought is the normal condition, and instead of grass a fine white, powder covers the ground. Having received an invitation to spend New Year's Day with tbfj" family on the next station—forty miles oft' by the nearest track—Jack and a young Englishman (a " colonial experience") started off early in the morning with a light buggy and a rattling good pair of chestnuts. They should have reached their destination early iu the forenoon ; instead they lost their way—very easy to do when the country is all alike. All that day they wandered round. Jack persisting in going north, while the Englishmen were quite sure they should go south. Luckily they had some water with them for themselves, but the supply gave out before night, aud there was none for the horses. That night, as t.liey lay by a firo they had managed to make, Jack declares, on his honour that a dim grey figure, apparently about fifteen feet, high, stood over him and said, in a sepulchral, shivery sort of voice, " Follow me." They didn't, however, and spent the next day very uncomfortably on. foot, for the horses gave in early from hunger and thirst, and by the second night both the young men were nearly mad with thirst themselves. Again they lay b.v their camp fire. Again the spectral figure appeared, and said, "Follow me." This time they did, and again ou his honour Jack declares that the thing, whatever it was, guided them straight—about five miles—to water, turning round now and then to beckon with its long arm and hand. They stayed by the water, a trickle down a rock, all that day, and then were able to make a station which was, they found, exactly 100 miles from the one where they should have spent. New Year's Day. But as Jack says, " But" for the Thing where would we have been V"—Yours ever, RHODA. ? ? 