THE SILENT SEA, BOOK III. CHAPTER I. I'Y "AXTAELO."< Author of " An Australian Girl." As for Victor, bo was lost in that tide of unreasoning, tumultuous bliss, which come3 to a man but ones in his lifetime, and in his youth or not at alL He reflected when it was too late that his purpose had been to speik no word ot love to Doris till after he had seen Miss Paget; but it was all too inevitable, and now he was too restlessly happy to sleep. The night was very still, but cool, and full ot starlight. He went outside, and walked to the too of tha reef. The throbbing of the air-compressors and the din of the eugine travelled lar into the night. By that sound he knew it must be after 12, for on Sunday work was not reresumed till midnight. As he stood looking into the vast spaces of the plains all round, vague and gr(-y and level, without form or motion, he was thrilled with wonder as he thought of the sequence of events which h:i i brought Doris into the heart of so desolate aud melancholy a region—thrilled with the thought that here, where nature was at its sternest, and man's existence in its barest form, they two should find each other, and the great happiness of their lives. While lost in these reflections, a man came hurrying up the reef from the Mine, and paused within a few paces of Victor saying— " Is that you, cap'en ?" "No, 'Zulu, it .:i:'t the cupta;;!/" answered Victor, who recoguiaed the voice. Something had gone wrong, and the engineer wanted to consult the Manager. " I bait and bait at's door, but 'e ain't in, and I thoft 'e must a-come to ask for Mr. Challoner. On hearing the captain was not at Stonehouse, 'Zilla stood for a "moment in deep thought. "Perhaps he's in by tMs time. He may have gone for a stroll somewhere," suggested Victor. But 'Zilla didn't fall in with this view. It was now nearly half an hour since he had first gone to the captain's rooms, just ten minutes after he had been at the shaft's mouth seeing the men go below. 'Zilla had waited and gone again, but the rooms were in darkness, and still no sign of Trevaskis. Victor suggested that he might be asleep. " 'E may be took in a fit, but 'e couldn't be asleep and not 'ear the knocks I give. I wish you'd come down, Bir, and go to 'is rooms by the inside way, and make sure. Tuo cap'en looks very bad to me lately, and very badtempered, like a hedeabcor, at the least word, and when a man don't mean nothin' in the world." liley were descending the rsrf by this time. Victor went into his ofiice as suggested, and through the four rooms intervening, followed by 'Zilla. He knocked at the door and called out " Captain !" repeatedly in a lusty voice. But there was no response. As they were leaving the purser's office the engineer came up. The driving-wheel of the pan-shaft had got out of gear, and he was anxious to hang up the battery and stop the machinery. "But if I do it off my own hook he'll most likely make a devil of a row," he said, "more especially as the fortnightly cleaning-up is so near." " He can't be in," said Victor; " it's impossible." They walked back to the panroom and waited another half hour. The driving-wheel had worked loose and could not be righted without a stoppage. "But if I stop without his orders he'll swear at me till he's black in the face, and want to know who's master he: said the engineer, a quiet, steady- going Scotchman, who found the Trovaslcis ri/iimc rather an exasperating one. "I tell you what, Mr. Purser," he said, " when the half-hour was up, "\ou come wi'.h me to the Manager's office, a:!d if I can't make him hear I'll break a pane, open the window, and go in to make sure; and if he isn't on the premises I'll stop the machinery on my own responsibility. If he gees gallivanting about at night God knows where, it's his look out." Victor agreed to this arrangement, and the three once "more walked up to the Manager's office. They knocked and shouted with the same result as before. Then the engineer got a stone, and making a clean break in one of the lower panes, he opened the window of the Manager's office, aud got in. He struck a light aud passed into the bedroom. It was empty, and the bed bad not been slept in. As he was getting out the doer of the office that led into the iron passage was unlocked, and Trevaskis entered, a bull's-eye lantern in one hand, a parcel in the other. He gave a savage yell, when he caught sight of a man disappearing through the window. Either by accident or design the lantern fell from him with a crash, and the candle was extinguished. He rushed to the window, and seeing three men dimly in the darkness broke into an excited volley of abuse in a thick strange voice. The engineer attempted to speak, but could not at first make himself heard. They were thieves—they were consigned to eternal and active perdition; but first they would be hauled to gaoL "If you've quite finished, sir, perhaps you'll allow me to tell you that I'm the engineer." He drew nearer to the open window as he spoke, and Trevaskis gave a muffled exclamation. "Please take notice," the engineer went on, in tones quivering with anger, "that it was on the business of the Company I forced my way into the Manager's rooms, as Mr. Fitz-Gibbon, the purser, will bear witness." The mention of this name had a singular effect on Trevaskis. He remained quite silent for a moment, neither attempting to light candle or lamp, nor to make any reply. The engineer had again to ask for instructions before Trevaskis spoke. Then, seeing Victor turning to leave, he called out to him to wait a moment. " I'll be down after you in five minutes," he said, and on this Bruce and 'Zilla returned to the engine-room. Trevaskis went into his bedroom and came out in a few minutes, locking the door after him. " Of course you're making all sorts of conclusions about my being in the caveroom, Mr. Fitz- Gibbon ? And you're being about here at this time of night proves that you are full of suspicions." He had begun in a calm tone, but again that curious sudden change ensued. A loud, uncontrollable fiercenees crept into his voice. Victor could see in the starlight that the Manager's eyes were glaring wildly, that his hands were twitching, and that his face ivas working convulsively. " He must be drunk," was the thought that passed through his mind. And there was some truth in the supposition, though there was much more than ord-iiary intoxication to account for Trevaskis's uncontrollable excitement. He had been working on Friday night Sill near daylight. On Saturday night, after receiving official instructions to clear out the late Manager's effects, he had not gone to bed at all. He had worked alt night and part of Sunday, arid now it was 2 o'clock on Monday njorning, and after all he had been almost caught with his pots and bars of gold ; all his sleeplt-.'s iiiphts and brilliant visions of success, all his tci.vii.-tE ar:-.! contrivances, had been in vain. This boy, who Lad from the first come to spy on him, had overreached him in the end. His brain whirled, and everything swam round him as he spoke. A sudden mur derous instinct rose within him, to take Victor by the throat and crush the life out of him The paroxysm passed away, leaving hinmiserably shaken, and with an almost insane longing to tdl Fitz-Gibbon the who'e truth— to take him into the caveroom there and then and show him the great gleaming keap of gold in massy bars, the bottles full «f amalagam and cry, " This all belongs to the Company !" Victor, perceiving that the man was labouring under some cruel emotion, aud believing that his brain and imagination were demoralized just then by strong drink answered hnn in the tones that turn away wrath. Great personal happiness makes even hardened natures magnanimous, much more one that is innately generous, and has either not as yet been indurated by time or calamity The imputations thrown out against him by Trevaskis would, under ordinary circum stances, have prevented Victor from offering any explanation as to his presence at the office with the engineer, lint it had been forced on him that the Manager's morbid suspicions were like a disease which he was unable to get rid of. He therefore fully explained his meeting with Jenkins, and Trevaskis listened and believed. But when, after mid-day after the morrow, he met Victor coming out of the tele graph office, all his old suspicions returned. He himself had gone there to send a message tc his brother, imploring him M come at all hazards without a day's longer delay. Trevaskis had resolved, as a last resource, to shift all the gold and amalgam to the hut he had erected on the claim near t!:' 1 broken-down whim as soon as his brother could arrive. He had this morning bought a strong spring-cart and a stout horse from a man who had left the diggings at the Creek, very much down on his luck. He was negotiating with the Company for the purchase of certain old machinery which they were only too glad to sell. There would be two or three loads in alL In the dead of night he would load the cart with the gold and amalgam, tied up in old sacks. In the morning he would have some of the machinery fixed in the cart with Dan to help, and after Dan started he would overtake him on horseback, and explain that his load was worth, not an clu ^oug for old iron, but twenty thousand pounds! 3'vcn in the thick of all bis terrors and anxieties, and the profound physical nervous ness that assailed him from time to time, he would dwell with a sense of intoxicating elation on the sense of getting the gold all safe away. He would see Dan driving 3lowly on the big dusty track towards Broombush Creek, ooking from time to time around him as he got half-way, for the great white posts ot the broken-down whim, beyond which he was to slue off to the le't for a mile and a half to the lontly h t, which could be clearly seen from the vicinity of the old well. Ti tn he wculd go galloping after him, and that night they would make a recess in the fn;or of the lint in vvhicU to hide the gold. ''That quart:-, chiim will turn out the richest in the hi.-tory i>f Australian mining, only this wen't get into history," bethought. And then he c!:uckied to himself as he pictuitd Kitz-Gil:i:jn poing soleainly into the cavc-roi and Ej.-diiug Lis ineffectual search. But nil this hung on DanV . pc' dy arrival. He dispsiti-htd his telegram, Vvoniing it as strongly as jKjssible. As be c^iae out of tho telegraph office he met Yii:tur faue to face. Was he goiL'g to send a message as to the further delay in his search of the caveroom'! Ii<; resolved to keep a brave fri:Dl to the lr.-t, and tight to the uttennobt for <3t!;'.y. hcjj';:^ for Dan's sj>eedy return. A fiw i::iiiuu-s after be hut! seen Yictcr buck to his oiiioe Treva-kis followed him to make a certain statement regarding the Fcaich of tho caveroom. As soon as he entered Victor rose, saying — " 1 was just coming to see yoa, captain. 1 want to get away to town for a few dj,ys." " To town for a few days'!" repeated Trevaskis mechanically. " Yes ; will you be well c-nough to clean U[ the gold this week?" " 1 intend to do so on Thursday." "Oh, tl-nt will mil •'.«• famously. I can then tto-t by itu jtitertioun coach on Friday, and pay the men when I return." " How h'ng shall you be aw.ay" "Not itore than four or five days at the longest." "Not more than four or five days?" repeated the Manager in the same mechanical voice in which he had first responded to the purser's announcement. It would be impossible to disentangle the f haos of thoughts that darted through his mind. But clear above all else rose the conviction— " He is now sure about the treasure; he is goirg to secure police p.jsistance." Trevaskis Struggled to act on the belief. It seemed as if he spent several moments in trying to utter the words. "You better come down into the caveroom this n'.orning and have a look round. The half-search I made last night makes me believe there's some gold hidden there." But even- instinct of his nature rose up in revolt against this surrender. Each faculty of his mind became centred in one supreme effort to gain time. To have so much wealth possession—the end and aim of his dearest ambitions, the object of his most jealous passions—and then to give it all up! No ! no ! not so long as the ghost of a chance of success remained. "I suppose I could put off paying the men till I returned or Tuesday or Wednesday - :" said Victor, looking a little wonderingly at the Manager's haggard face. " Certainly, that will be all right; I came to say that, owing to the arrears of work, caused by my sore eyes, I cannot go in the caveroom with you for a few days." "Oh, we'll let it slide till I return," saiu Victor carelessly. The Manager looked at him narrowly. Then sinking his voice and speaking in a semi- confidential tone, he said— " The fact is that, judging from a cursory examination, I am under tho impression that Dunning's effects were tampered with after his death. It will be therefore better that we should act conjointly in this matter." "But the keys were in JScarle's possession till he delivered them to you," said Victor quickly. " Exactly, and therefore I .tui going to write a note to him asking a fev. leading questions," answered Trevaskis coldly as he walked away. When he reached the door he turned as if struck by an after-thought. "It will be about the Sth of December when you get away. You have spoken abour. le.iv in . the Mine at Christmas time. Do you think of making any arrangement about resigning when you are in town ?" Victor hesitated before replying. He could not explain that his movements depended on the course of events at Stonehouse, nor did he think it advisable to say. that be knew of a suitable candidate ready to apply for the purser&hip; as soon as it was vacant. His friend Maurice Cumminghad recently bespoken Victor's interest in the matter, finding that a little extra ready money for a year to come would n aterially aid himself and his brother in their strenuous fight at Wynans against the rabbits. Victor by this time knew enough of the Manager's jealous and suspicious te.nperament to feel sure that to speak of his friend's appointment as a foregone conclusion would be an impolitic measure. He therefore compromised the matter by saying— " I don't think I shall decide about the date of !.!>• leaving till later on. I believe we shall find no difficulty in getting a purser at a short notice." Of course the half- embarrassed pause and the cautious reply could bear but one interpretation to Trevaskis. " I knew it—I knew it! He is going to try and snare me like a rat in a hole !" he muttered to himself as he strode away. He hurried into his office fearful of betraying the passion of impotent rage, which he felt threatened to carry him beyond all bounds. As soon as he had gained bis own room he broke into a volley of the most horrible impreoatiens; his eyes started in their sockets, and he foamed at the mouth. His first coherent thought was one of terror. " I am going mad—I am going mad '." he said to himself repeatedly, staring at his face in a small square looking-glass that hung above the washstand in his bedroom. His wild, distorted eyes; his livid skin; the great cold drops of perspiration that stood on his forehead ; the tremor which at short intervals shook him from head to foot were all repetitions of the paroxysm that had overtaken him for the first time in his life in the small hours of the morning. He tried to reason, but thought failed him. He lost all grasp of the subject or the plan that struggled through his mind. One after the other, terrible pictures rose before him, irrespective of mental volition. He followed one man wh*o crept with treacherous footsteps to cemmit murder ; he saw another suddenly stricken down dead; and still another writhing in madness. . . . When he grew calmer he reasoned with himself that it was not incipient madness that had attacked him, but the result of constantly dwelling on exciting thoughts'; of utter' sleeplessness for three days and two nights: the want of proper food ; a dangerous use of stimulants; aud, to crown the whole, this sudden overn-helming terror that all would be in vain—that Fitz-Gibbon had acquired a certain knowledge of the stolen gold, .md was dogging his actions. Probably he had last nipht bribed the engineer to tamper with the pan-shaft, so as to have witnesses as to ' he Manager's absence in the caveroom. Now he was going to the Directors with his tale, ot what use would it be to tr3' and hide to great A quantity ? A black tracker, cr even an ordinnrv detective, would trace it like a beaten highway. He niu&t; think of some plan —something that wculd give bira time, that would save him. But tho moment that he tried to think or frame a plan, a throbbing came in the back of his head, like the rapid echoes of a hammer beating persistently, maddeningly. He nmst sleep for seven or eight hours at a stretch. He took one of his accustomed rounds, seeing to all that was being done; he gave some directions to the shift-bosses who would be in charge of the night-gangs underground. Then he summoned Mick, and told him to let no one knock at his office-door, or disturb him in any way; be was feeling ill and was goinsr to have a good sleep. He undressed and went to bed at 4 o'clock in the afternoon. But the room seemed full of sounds, sudden cries, strange voices, and violent shouts rent the air. He drank glass after glass of almost undiluted brandy ; but instead of serving »B a soporific, this for a time made him more acutely conscious of the ruin that stared him in the face, while his power of connected thought had absolutely deserted him. At last he fell into a deep dreamless stupor, from which he did not awaken till near sunrise the next morning. His head was aching, but the long rest and unconsciousness had in a measure restored his mental balauce. He brewed himself a pot of tea, and drank cup after cup, hot and strong, till his headache was almost gone. But the moment his auxietes and fears and surmises returned upon him he felt that dull, persistent, all-absorbing beat in his brain—that vague wandering of mind ; his train of thought lost suddenly, as if in an unsounded deep—which had before terrified him. He went about the business of the Mine all that morning,^resolutely turning his mind away from the torturing and distracting thoughts of the caveroom. He reflected that the cleaning-up on Thursday would yield tho largest average to the ton of quartz which had ever been reported at the Colmar. There had been a steady and continuous increase of gold since he came, while at the same time the working expenses of the Mine had been by his unrelaxing vigilence in every department, considerably diminished. Nor had any of these points escaped recognition by the Directors. Within the last month they had given him a considerable rise in his salary, at the same time complimenting him highly on the unprecedented success which had marked his tenure of management, and expressing a hope that he woiud see his way to enter on a fixed term of office. This Trevaskis had so far refrained from doing, on the ground that circumstances might in any month compel him to resign. thinking over these things as he went through the routine of his mine work on Tuesday forenoon, Trevaskis reflected that though Drummond might lend a willing ear to his nephew's tales, the Directors as a body would be very loath to take any action that would reflect on a Manager who had in less than three months made his value felt in so marked a manner. . . . If he oould only by some means fasten a quarrel apon Fitz-Gibbon apart from the matter of the caveroom—some stigma of carelessness, of neglect of duty ! It would be so readily believed that a young man of independent means, who came to the Mine for a mere freak, and who could leave it at any moment without the least detriment to his prospects should fail in some respects to work like a man whose daily bread depended on his daily work. . . . But as Trevaskis reviewed the manner m whi:h Victor discharged his duties, he fr-:'ed to recall any instance of negligence more senous than forgetting to lock the otlioe-door oil cne or two occasions when he left it for the night. Arrived at this point of his cogitation?, Tievaskis suddenly stood motionless, lie was in the panroom, \>here tho loosened wheel was giving some trouble. But he had decided not to have it touchcd till Thursday, so that the yic-ld of gold should not be impaired by any stoppage. The din around him scorned all at once to sharpen his faculties, so that hes;uv, as in a completed picture, tho tciietne after which he had been vainly groping. He had found it—he held the clue. Towards sunset he saddled hi? horse and rode across to his claim near the broken-down whim, so as to get bis scheme all clear and straight before him. This was the plan he formed. Ou Thursday, after he and Fitz- Gibbon had cleaned uji the gold, and locked it in the f afe as utual, he would hand his key to the purser, and ask him to keep it till Friday morning, as he was going across to Brooinbush Creek, and would most likely stay there that night. He had done this three weeks ago, to there would be nothirg unusual in either potion ; the unusual j .a t would com ;-later on. He would return shortly after midnight, get the duplicate keys which he had found in Dunning's private box, go into the purser's office through the inside entrance, and take away the seven hundred ounces of gold. In the morning, when Victor gave him back the key, he would, as was customary under suoh circumstances, have the safe unlocked, so as to make sr.re that all was right. The safe would be 1.1: ; v ! A hue and cry would be raised. His duty as Manager would be to send an official telegram to l!ie Directors. The police-trooper would at once begin to search round; so would he—Tiwaskis; and that night he would tliscovcr the gold where the thief had secreted it. Then Fitz-Gibbon would no doubt go on to town as he proposed. He might, perhaps, be confident that the keys had not been out of his possession; but there the facts would be public and patent to all. The taliie train thf-t conveyed Fitz-Gibbon to town •would carry a letter to tne Directors from the mine Manager, declining to act any longer with a purser whose negligence had so nearly east an irretrievable Elur on them both. He would point out that if the thief had succeeded in esilying off the gold as easily as he had obtained possession of the keys and rifled the safe, the consequences to him as a poor man, with a wife r.nd a family dependent on his sole exertions !\ r a livelihood, would have been serious in the extreme. Any insinuations made at -list him by Fitz-Gibbon would then b<?ar a \ t ry suspicious aspect. If he wont to the trouble of stirring up an enquiry as to the cavercom, he would teke up the po-:it:n:! that he had special reasons for not >• . i:iz to interfere with Dunning's effects ti\ i, representative was on the spot. By tao time that a week or two was consumed the treasure wcul' be secured in a way that would leave no possibility of recovery. Then they could search till they were black in the face. Trevaskis laughed aloud in his glee as he saw himself at last triumphicgover al' dangers and obstacles. He went over the whole scheme time after time, strengthening lame places aud I laborai-'r-g little details, during his ride to aud from hi ; quartz claim. He worked that night in the tweroom again for several hours, after J:nding i hat he could not close his eyes in sleep. Duri: (T the next two days his demeanour to Victor was more friendly than usual. He was lrost of the time slightly under the the influence of drink. He tried to refraiu, feeling that in his excited state stimulant was dangerous. But the tension of his nerves, the fits of niisTsl.lo uncertainty which assailed him, the alc.o-i total lack of appetite, and the loss of slc-ep, luude it impossible for him to bear up without a liberal recourse to the old Bordeaux brandy, of which he had a ease in his office. Nor had he any dread that the habit to which he yielded at this pinch would take a mischievous hold of him. He regarded his drams as a sort of medicine that would help him over a steep pull, like doses of quinine for r gue fever. The gold cleaning-up was over by half-past fi o'clock on Thursday. " I am going over to Broombush Creek, to see one of the Managers there. I'll most likely stay the night, and perhaps have a little turkey-shooting on the way back. I'd better leave my key in your charge," said Trevaskis, as he was leaving the office, after the two bars of eold were locked up. " All right. Of course you'll be back before I leave?" " Oh yes. I'll be here by 11 in the morning at latest." And with that the two parted. CHAPTER II. A celebrated Greek philosopher was of opinion that women were only created when r ature found that the imperfection of matter did not permit her to carry on the world witheut them. It is possible that sojie might demur to this ; but most of us would be ready to admit that letters are written chiefly because of the imperfect development of our senses. And yet there are certain communications which one might prefer to make in a little note, even if telepathy were an assured and exact science. Of this kind was the announcement that Victor had to make to Miss Paget. He had put away the thought of their actual meeting as often as it had arisen; but now that he was to set out on the morrow, and the hour was drawing so near in which his story must be told, its awkwardness came home to him more and more. He reflected how very frequently he had found Mrs. Tillotson installed with Helen for the afternoon or evening, how often she was summoned by her father into the library, and, Etill more embarrassing, he thought how very foolish he would feel when it gradually downed on Miss Paget tliat he had come, not to woo, but to make'a confession and ride away. Yes, on the whole, it would be better to write a little note—one which, without going into tedious details, would put Helen en rapport with his position. This he would leave at Lancaster House personally as soon as he reached town, leaving a message that he should call an hour later. He had almost succeeded in persuading himself that his mother's suggestion was true—that Miss Paget had fixed a term of probation not so much to test his fidelity as to let him down gently without too abrupt a refusal. But as he sat at his desk to write his little preparatory letter after Trevaskis had left tlie office, certain recollections arose which made his task a difficult one. He wanted «to find words that !!would put the matter adroitly and delicately, but all the finer nuances of expression seemed to escape from his pen. After writing half a Eheet he stared at it discontentedly, aud then sat resting his head oil his hand. The day had been sultry and airless. He had been at work frein 5 in the morning, and it was now nearly 7\. The pen slipped from his hand. He did not fall asleep, but he went off into a waking dream. Some lines he had read in an old poet came back to him— Open the temple sates unto my love; Open them wide, tliat she may enter in. A look of beatitude overspread his face. Suddenly he was startled by the sound of a dull loud report, speedily followed by a second and a third. He thrust his unfinished letter into the drawer of his desk and went to the outer door of the assay-room. Roby stood talking to the mine blacksmith a few paces away. "What are these reports, Roby ? Are they making another grav«s?" asked Vi.-tor. " Ah, Mr. Purser, in the midst o' life we are in death!" answered Roby, with the strong nasal accent habitual to him when giving expression to any serious sentiment. Then he explained that one of the Connell children had died of fever that morning. The father and another miner were n3W employed in blasting out a grave m the little cemetery, wliiih was within half a mile of the Mine, where the ground was so adamantine that it could not be dug out in an ordinary way. Victor had recognised the sounds, having heard them on a few occasions previously. This process of forcing a last resting-place from the blue clay slate rock had always seemed to him a rather horrible preface to being buried. Just then when he was lost in blissful waking dreams, the thought of death struck a sudden chill to to his heart. He was turning impatiently away from Roby, who seemed inclined to improve the occasion, when Michael reached the dcor of the assay-room with a message for the purser. It waB to the effect that Circus Bill's trap with passengers from Broombush Creek was going to start at daybreak, so as to reach Nilpeena in time fcr the early train to town. " I thoht as ye were going, sor. to-morrow, ye moight loike to start early so as to save the waiting at Nilpeena. 'Tis a sthrange droiver, Circus himEelf being laid up at Broombush wid a touch av sunsthroke. It's glad oi am ha washn't tuk wid the same on the way from Nilpeena, for the sake av the lady that come to Shtonehouse." "Has a lady come to Stonchousef'asked Victor. "At what time': Have you heard who she is ?" Michael, who spoke of the new arrival solely because he divined that anything which related to Storehouse was of passing importance to the young purser, was not surprised to find the eager interest with which he received the news. He, however, knew nothing beyond the foot that a lady had arrived by Circus Bill's trap half an hour before the mailcoach came in. As soon as Victor had dispatched the little man t>> at-k the driver to se^ura a se.it in the early trap, l.e v.vn: across toStonuhouse. When he th- I>O-,:FC hu found :U> air of unusual 1-u-vle ju-rvafiing it. Shung-Loo wa3 flitting aloiit the place with as near au approach to a i inile as his facc ever wore. Budget iu.ri-ying in nnd out bet-.vc-en t?u kitchen r.i:d diiiing- icum : Euphemia li i i a large basket of flowers in the verandah, wirch the was arranging in vji-cs «m tho little \vit.-!-:cr table. When Victor joii.ul h-r sh« i,:: J ... ere;it deal to tell him. Her aunt, Mrs. Mui-rav, i..;d coi::e from Our-iiiie, Doris's old home, the hj.ii all :it orce made up her mind when tho found that Jifr. Challfni'.-t's iliuyss was likely to be a lingering one. "H.e hr.s come to stay, and help nurse father, nr.d pre that mother gets plenty of sleep, ai.d that I cris doefi not do too much. j AIM thinks shr: is l.-x.-l::r p rather too pale. " But tin it- is nothing wrong with her. She vr.s veil ilus moiiiicg," interrupted Victor, I J ! „ "Oh vi •: :-l:i- Ui.\ ill • t« vnow," answered Kuphin.in, J.:.v. :<:;;.. -!:„ went to see ! M«lly C'Mif-li— th.n IiniH , has been so ill—and four.d she had di> <1\. 'i h>-si aunt came and b><"j£hl a lot of tliii.ge from Ourauie. . . . Deris is in hi r own room now, reading OVLI ar.d ov.-r .-. liuh- book that belonged toiler : mother. You can always tell when she thinks | of her nioiht r. . . . the sits so still and her cj es get: o laigc rr.il d.uk A suii.iiicns to <l;t;r.. i- j:i:t an end to Fuphemia's confidences. As the p.itieut had j fallen ink? a sound sleep, all the houshold ij: assembled at th-s meal. Victor «-as duly intrcduceu to tin- i.» w-couier—a bright, active little wcm.iii, who treated her journey of over ! two hundred miles to ti;c saltbush country as if it were an afternoon drive. " You all look as if you needed twelve hours' sleep on rr.d," she said, glancing at her sister and the two piils. " I think I had better send you ail to bed in an hour after dinner." But there was a general outcry against this. One who had come off a long fatiguing journey could not be allowed to sit up on any pretence. "It is you who must go to bed soon after dinner, auutie, and in my little room," said Fuphepr.ia. But Doris objected to this proposition. Her room was much larger; besides, there was a coueh in it on which she herself could sleep very welL On this Victor joined in. " I kr.ow it is not human nature to sleep in three rooms at once; but as my room will be empty I think it ought to have the honour of Mrs. Murray's presence." 