Didon's Life of Christ. (1) Tho enormous popularity that the work entitled "Jesus Christ" achieved in the original French text, led to its translation into English. The original -work has merited the approbation of the learned of almost all schtols of thought, and although in the translation much of the grace, beauty, style, and eloquence of the great Dominican is lost, yet it lias represented faithfully the simplicity aud force of the original. The work, indeed, is of no ordinary significance. It is no ordinary task to write the life of Him whose lifo was written 1800 years ago by His own disciples. The four Gospels have gained the applause of adverse critics such as Strauss and Renan, and have indelibly im printed their thoughts in the hearts of mankind, it is extremely hard to tell old truths in a new and attractive manner, hut under the graceful pen of Pere Didon, all such difficulties disappear, and he has given us without doubt the most remarkable work that this century has produced. The tendency of the lives of Christ previously written, at least for the last quarter of a cen tury, was to regard Him in those human traits of character without exhibiting all that was supernatural in His person and career. 3Iost of them shed an air of sentimental roiuanco and human feeling over tho Divine Person, and were written with tho avowed object of dis crediting Christianity. He is pictured to us only in His human surrounding, with the feel ings aud thoughts of other men, and we are led to forget in. the brotherhood exist ing between Him and us the all im portant fact that he is equal to tho Father in all things, and at the same time is the adorable Son of God. Strauss exerted all the powers of an undoubtedly great mind to accomplish this, and Renan, whose style and eloquence throw a fascination over his work, did the same about 26 years ago, and 30 years after the work of Strauss was published. Embellished in a language which certainly has no equal, it threw a veil over the divinity of the Saviour, whilst it clothed in dazzling language all that belonged to His humanity. The circulation of these books was unbounded, and in not a few instances were the thoughts of Christian writing influenced by them. To combat so great an evil, Christian scholars began to thiuk that the opponents of Christianity should be met on their own ground, and set them selves to work to bring into prominence the historical accounts of the life of the Redeemer, to unfold it amidst the trials aud afflictions of human sufferings, and to dwell on the personal 1 character revealed in that light, and make Him known to mankind as one who shared all the sorrows and joys of our nature without experiencing any of our moral frailty. A multitude of writers sprang into existence who, whilst following in the peculiar style of Strauss and Renan, upheld the divinity of Christ. Baur, Ritshl, Keim, Darmster, Matin Sowry, Farrar, Edderscheim, Neander, and Weiss be came the champions of belief. The last of this array of writers is Pere Didon, and with an enthusiasm and ardour he has accomplished his task in a style which, whilst it rivals that of Renan, adds to its beauty the glow and freshness of truth. Tho whole work is one of brilliancy and eloquence. It is, too, one of learning, without entering into those controversial aspects which so often disfigure the lan guage of great minds. The author did not write his thoughts down as one could do from those who went before him; ho travelled over the land hallowed by tho Saviour's feet, and lived amongst the scenes which surrounded tho spot to wliich all Christians turn with veneration and love. Pere Didon's pic tures of localities havo a charm peculiar to themselves. Of Nazareth ho writes :—"One would look in vain for a spot more peaceful and moro restful, more retired ' and brighter, more sheltered and at tho same time more open. "When we climb one of the hills which lie around tho little town, as for instance that which now towers over Mahi-Laid, a mag nificent spectacle lies before us". To the north, are tho high mountains of Galilee, and behind • them stands Greater Hcrraon, always glistening with snow, rising solitary into the sky. To tho east Thabor rises pedestal like, and the mountain range of Ajalon spreads out its grassy slopes. Away to the south aro Littlo Hermon, the mountains of Gilboc, and of Samaria, und on tho horizon, the rugged summits of Judca. Closo to hand spreads tho plains of Esdraelon, streaked with yellow and gray, liko tapestry woven of the purple shadows of the clouds. In the west we see the blue summit of Mount Corxnel, and beyond tho still bluer sea, which shines like a mirror beneath the setting sun. The whole world opens to our gazo, and we love to picture to ourselves Jesus 011 that summit praying to His Father in heaven, and seeing iu the great world the field which ho was one day to conquer and mako fruitful." In an introduction of 88 pages, ho lays down minutely the foundations of tho superstructure he subsequently raised with marvellous skill and detail. He writes, no doubt, for tho benefit of those who deny the supernatural in Christ's life, and to confute those who explain the origin and growth of Christianity in merely human agencies. He is fully conscious of the vastness of the labour he has undertaken. "A sincere conviction has sustained me. Christ living, acting by His spirit in the church, is tho salvation of humanity and modern peoples. To gather to Him tho consciences of a country and of an age, even to attempt it, is to bring to that country and that ago the greatest of blessings." Again he writes: " I know that between the Christ of the Faith and the cultured minds of this age, misunder standings have been multiplied. This book will, perhaps, remove several of them. "Written in solitude and silence, far from all that divides mankind, the result of long .and persevering labour, it is not a work disturbed by centuries, but a tranquil work of history, a work of faith.. . . . In spite of all Jesus remains the chief figure on the horizon of tho Christian peoples Justice, vivified by charity, as He wished it to he, has become the sovereign law of this world; it rules all consciences, and those even who have lost belief in Christ, preserve his lessons of morality, forgetting that they came from Him. The power of sacrifice, that lever He has placed in the hands of His disciples, is inexhaustible; true believers are always ready to give their lives in order that humanity, even the least of its children, may ho snatched from misfortune and ignorance and sorrow and death." The description of the people from which Christ sprang is full of detail, and lends a charm of "beauty which it is impossible to excel. The vivid description of the elements of the various bodies of society with which our Lord came in contact leaves nothing to be desired. The sixth chapter of the first volume is per haps one of all others that shows the true genius of the learnedDominican. The God-ma 11 is tho type of Christian genius, the union of the Divine nature with the human having given such a fulness aa)i harmony to.the latter as to make the Saviour of Mankind the perfect type of man himself. On the brow of our Lord ever shone an infinite brightness radiating from the eternal worldHisnature, calm, serene, and gentle, with will and affections rivalling in matchless purity and perfection tho dazzling clearness of his intellect; and as truth enlightened so good ness and beauty attracted Him. His sensi bility was perfect; He often wept over human sorrows,* in the innocence of little children ho found rest and charm. Such was tho perfect typo of man The human race Pere Didon divides into threo classes, il the multitude, men of talent, and men of genius. It is a gigantic pyramid, of which the multitude form the base, men of talent the middle, and men of genius tho summit. Genius carries with it originality, invention, and the initiative ; it creates new forms and gives impetus to tho whole, leads mankind in directions hitherto unknown; troubles or calms, leads astray or directs, abases or uplifts. Men of talent do not invent, they follow the inspirations of genius, apply and preserve, interpret and divnlge them. In them are seen the painful effort and patient labour, which are the honour of every man of good will. If genius be a god, talent is his prophet." The genius which does not embrace the super natural, on which the reflex of tho mind does not shed tho brightness of its light, has no participation in the universal. The genius of the purely universal order is seen in minds like St. Thomas Aquinas, in him is enshrined tho triple idea of genius— the divine, the saint, and the poet. Pere Didon iu his philosophical studies has followed tho teachings of the angelic doctor. The body of the work is in six books, and treats, speaking generally of the birth and early life of Christ, St. John the Baptist, the Galilean ministry, the contests at Jerusalem, and tho crucifixion, the authenticity of the Gospels aro examined, and the prophecies that usher in tho Iucarnation discussed. Tho miracles recorded in tho New Testament ho defends, and giTcs graphic touches of the times, people, and cus» toma that surrounded the life of Christ. This much must be said, that there is a striking similarity ofthclanguageof Lacordaireand that of Pere Didon. Space will not permit of going further, and this somewhat condensed and imoorfect view of tho great work may bo concluded by quoting tlio opening words of.{he introductory part, which gives * a true conception of the author's object: " Jesus Christ is the one great name in history. There arc others for whom men have died. He alone is adored by all people, in all nations, and in all times. Ho who bears this name is known throughout tlio world. Even among the savage and degenerate tribes of tbe human race, His apostles preach without ceasing that ho died upon. the cross; and the off scourings of mankind may he saved by loving Him. Those who are neutral in the modern world recogniso that nono is better for - the weak and miserable. The greatest intellects of the past would he forgotten if memorials, or palaces, obelisks or tombs, if written testi monials, as papyrusea, parchments, bricks, columns, or medals, had not preserved their memory. Jesus snrvives in the conscience of the faithful, there is His witness and inde structible monument. The church founded by Him fills time and space with His name. She knows Him, she loves Him, she adores Him, as He lives in her she lives in Him. He is her dogma, her moral law, her worship. She teaches to all, without exception, that He is the only Son of God made man, conceivod by the Holy Ghost in the womb of the Blessed Virgin, and that He has come into the world to suffer ana to die. 