AN ADVENTURE IN THE DARK. A SEA SKETCH. IN the month of June '44, business called me to Martin- ique. The Corsica, a stanch full-rigged brig, owned by Bartol, of Baltimore, was the only vessel which offered me means of transit at the time, and in her I took passage She was not meant for passenger traffic, and had no accommodation therefor; but I had known her commander Captain Paine, in other years, and he welcomed me cor- dially, and made me comfortable. Toward the night of the Fourth of July, we had got into the region of storms, and shortly after seven o'clock on the evening of that day the wind came out from the north-east, and very soon great drops of rain came pat- tering upon the deck. "There's thunder in this," said Paine who had donned his storm-gear. If it was to be a thunder-storm at sea, I meant to be a spectator; and I had come prepared for such emergencies. I went below and donned a full oil-cloth suit, and having pulled my broad-flapped sou'-wester over my brows, I returned to deck. It was now as dark as dark could be. The blackness was so utter that there was relief in closing one's eyes, At the wheel there was a ghostly light from the lamp, which viewed from a distance, only served to render the surrounding gloom more palpable. By the spectal glare of the lamp, I could see the wet spokes of the wheel, and a part of the bodies of the two men who stood at the helm When I looked away, I looked as against a black wall, Not a trace of our tall spars could I detect, and the men who stood only a few feet off were hidden as by an opaque barrier And the rain came down in torrents. The brig was heading on her course, very near south with the wind upon the larboard quarter. By and by a blinding flash—a vivid gleam—shot out from the ebon vault, and a broard blaze swept through the heavens Far and near I saw the wave-caps reflect back startling light and, as the inky vail was closed again, the crash of the thunder came. It was as though the clouds were mountains, the foundations of which had been upheaved. For half an hour the lightning continued, streaming forth at brief intervals, and then there was a cessation, the rain, meanwhile, falling heavily, and the wind haul- ing to the southward. It must have been very near another half-hour before the gloom was again broken by the lightning. I had gone forward, and was leaning over the bows, watching the phosphorescent sparkle of the broken water, when a sharply uttered "H—st!" from the look-out aroused me; and as I raised my head I distinctly heard a strange sound in the distance—a sound as of rushing waters. Captain Paine was in a moment by my side, I know not how long he had been there. We stood by the weather night-head. "Is this you, captain?" I asked. "Yes," he answered. He spoke in a whisper, and his attention was elsewhere. "Do you hear that strange sound?" said I. He listened an instant longer, and I heard him gasp. "Sound!" he cried; "it is a ship!—something!— coming down upon us!" The look-out was upon the point of crying out, but the captain stopped him. "We must get the men to their stations without alarm- ing them if we can," he said; and then he leaped aft, shouting, as he went: "All hands—all hands for tacking ship. To the braces, every man!" The wind had been gradually changing, and was now somewhat south of east, so that the brig had but a few points free. I heard the men hurrying to their stations and I knew that some of them were inclined to press for- ward to see what was the matter; but the commands of the mates, who were promptly at their posts, restrained them. Captain Paine was again by my side, and we peered off into the darkness. The dull roar was plainly heard, but we could see nothing—we could not see even the head of our own bowsprit. The old sailor groaned. "If I could only see!" he muttered. At that moment, while yet the words quivered upon his lips, the lightning blazed forth in the heavens, and the sea was illumined far and near. "God save us!" burst from Paine's lips. And I echoed the prayer. Upon our weather-bow, and but a few cables' lengths distant, loomed up the spectral outlines of the hull and spars and the bellying canvas of a heavy ship! She was heading directly across the line of our course, and we were dashing toward each other at a fearful rate! Dur- ing the brief moment of light the captain had been as one paralyzed, but when the darkness had again shut in he started into life. "Ready about!" he thundered. And from that ins- tant his orders were given so promptly and so plainly that the men, who had come to realize that their lives were in the balance, made no blunder nor mistake. The brig had a good full upon the start, and as she had no courses set to bother, she was handled easily. She obeyed her helm quickly—and yet it seemed an age ere she came into the wind. "Is she coming into stays?" ground out the captain, with his hands clenched, and his teeth set like the jaws of a vice. As he spoke we heard the fore-topsail flap, and in a moment more the staysail had taken the wind upon the other side. The order for swinging the main-yards had just been given when the heavens and the sea were again illumined by the lightnings blaze, and a cry of horror went up from our deck. The men who had been round- ing in on the braces held their hands and stood aghast; the helmsman clung to his wheel for dear life; and even the captain, for the moment, had no thought save of the great terror. The ship was now upon our starboard bow, hurling the spray from her sides upon our cat-head, and I verily be- lieve that a man upon our fore-yard arm might have leaped upon her deck; but she was not upon her course. No, no, thank God! She had snuffed the danger, and with her helm hard down,,was hauling away fom us, It was dark again—pitchy dark—and while we watch- ed and waited, with our hearts hushed to a painful still- ness, our vessel was caught, as by a mighty grasp. There was a momentary heaving and straining; a low, grating, groaning sound; then followed a snap and a crack, and —nothing more. Were we free? The answer was at hand. Another blaze of electric light revealed to us the ship upon our quarter, flying swiftly away to leeward. It also revealed to us that our starboard main-topgallant backstay had been carried away. One of the ship's lower yard- arms must have caught it. On the following morning the storm passed, and the sun soon chased away the lingering clouds; and I ven- ture to assert that no men ever entered more willingly and gratefully upon the work of repairing damages at ea than did those who were set to splice our broken backstay. THE GHOST OF MORLEY. In Northumberland, one of the counties on the north- ern border of England, is the pleasant old town of Morley. I once spent about six months there, on a visit to the rector, who had been my father's best college friend, and I learned to love the place for its beauty then, as fondly as I now remember it for the curious old legends of which, in my boyhood, I pictured it the scene. Among these legends was one about the church crypt, which made a deep impression on my imagination at the time. Open- ing out of the crypt into an underground passage was a massive oaken door studded with iron bolts. Whither the passage led, no one knew; but the story ran that it connected Morley with the town of Carlisle, sixty miles distance. It was said that once a Highlander, having donned the costume of his clan, and being fully armed, entered this subterranean way with the avowed intention of finding its outlet. The door was swung open for him, and he stepped boldly in, striking up a lively air on the bagpipes which he carried. Disappearing amid the darkness, the notes of the music grew fainter and fainter until at last they were no longer heard. Anxiously and long did those at the entrance await his reappearance; but it was in vain. He never came back. I shall never forget the awe with which I looked at that door, after hearing the story of the lost Highlander. But at the time of my visit authentic stories were in circula- tion at Morley more calculated to excite boyish terror than any such legend. There was not the least doubt of the fact that within two or three years the grave-yard had been repeatedly robbed of bodies by medical students or by other persons at their instance. The indignation excited in the town by such outrages was most intense, and for many months the inhabitants maintained an armed guard over their church-yard, to preserve it from desecration. The man employed for this purpose had been discharged from the further performance of the duty about two months be- fore I went to Morley. I remember the church and church-yard well. The inclosure was quite large, with the church on one side; near the middle was a considerable clump of large trees. Among these trees was the first grave that had been rob- bed; and during my stay in the town it became the scene of another occurrence which attracted quite as much attention as that which first gave it notoriety. It was in the spring. A large, elegant and costly enter- tainment had been given by one of the most influential residents of the town, and it was, of course, attended by all the young gentlemen best known in society there. Prominent among these was William Shelley, the young- er son of a baronet, who was an extensive land-owner in the neighborhood. He was one of those dashing young fellows popular with his associates and friendly with all men, though inclined to be a little conceited. It was while at supper with some six or eight friends, late in the evening, after their return from the festival, that the plan was proposed which led to the singular event I am about to relate. In some way, conversation was directed toward the subject of the sacrilegious robberies of the burial-ground and the recent removal of the guard. From that it passed on to ghosts and spectres and to the respective be- liefs of the speakers in regard to their existence. Among those who most vehemently protested his unbelief was young Shelley. The discussion grew more and more an- imated; Shelley indulged in denunciations of the pre- tended reality of ghosts with more and more severity, until, in the midst of the controversy, one of the young men seized a huge carving-knife, sprang to his feet, and cried: "Now, Shelley, you may say what you please about not being afraid, but I'll wager you that you dare not go to-night alone into the grave-yard and stick this knife in- to the empty grave in the copse. You are afraid to do it!" "Ha! Ha! You are mistaken," answered the young man. "I will do it this very night. No one shall say that William Shelley ever trembled at a ghost." All were in high spirits for the adventure, and they immediately set out for the church. It was nearly mid- night. The moon rose late, and was just peering through the broken clouds in the east. The party agreed that they were to wait near the gate, close to the church while Shelley went alone on his errand. He was to leave the knife sticking in the tenantless grave, and re- turn to his companions; then all were to go to the grave afterward, to witness the proof that he had actually per- formed his boast. He entered the church-yard and went slowly forward. The night air was cold, and it chilled him, for he was clothed merely in evening dress. Hugging his coat around him with his left-hand while with his right he firmly grasped the knife, he thought to himself that the task was not a pleasant one. He began to mistake trees and bushes for living objects, and then he would mentally chide himself for his folly. Every now and then one of the sheep, which grazed in considerable numbers about the inclosure, and oftentimes in it, would start out from behind some grave-stone and cause him to shrink back. He felt that a sort of undefinable fear was coming over him. He strove to check it, and went slowly on, but with greater hesitation. He began to tremble; only slightly, it is true, but unmistakeably. As he went into the little grove of which I have spoken, the moon became suddenly obscured by a heavy, dark cloud and all about him was thrown in deep shadow He heard the hoot of the owls in the belfry, and the breeze murmured strangely through the branches on every side. Now, actually so excited by his imagination as to be really terror-stricken, he approached the grave. The perspiration rolled off his brow in great drops. He dreaded even to look upon the spot where he was to plant the knife. Half turning, he moved up towards it nearly backwards. He did not venture to turn around. Hold- ing the knife behind him when he thought he had reached the place, he kneeled, trembling in every joint, and with a tremendous backward blow, thrust it into the earth up to the very handle. He was about to rise, when he felt himself held down; invisible hands seemed to have seized him in an iron grasp; and he fell fainting and senseless. And there his comrades found him afterwards, still unconscious, held to the ground by one of his coat-tails, which he had pinned to the earth with the knife. And neither Shelley nor Morley will ever hear the last of that story. 