Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. Out on a lark—Feathers. Men who lay wagers hatch disappointments. Another Injustice—People are asking if the Stone of Blarney be a Shamrock. She: "Andwhy is a ship called 'she'?" Sailor: " Ay, ma'am I because tbe rigging costs so much." Husband: " Are they selling out at cost at Reel and Thread's?" Wife (who has been there): "Yes—at cost of the truth." Pretty Near the Same Thing.—" She didn't marry a lord after all." "No, she married a baronet; but he gets as drunk as a lord." Stranger: "I would like to see your bill collector a moment." American Editor: " Certainly. John, reach the gentleman that shotgun.** Did you ever hunt rabbits, Count?" "Non, madame," said the Parisian. "But in ze war with Oeairrnany I haf shot sousands of herrs." When you find two women conversing to-day With earnestness, if not afraid To listen, you'll surely hear one of them say, "And how are you having it made ?" "This tea is weak as water," growled the irritable boarder. " I've seen water hold op an ocean steam ship," retorted the boarder, who was in love with the landlady. Jack: " She Is not geSerally considered a belle, and yet I have seen her look killing." Charlie: " Indeed I When was that?" Jack: "At a ball once, when I trod npon her train." «"Pon my honour, Mrs. Delamere. I should hardly have known you; you've altered so much." •* For better or worse?" "Oh, madame, you could only change for the better." Answsbko. Bystander; "Howl What are yon digging that hole for?" Labourer: "Fur 7 thillin's a day. How much do you get for axin' questions ?" Regular Guest: "This coffee tastes mighty queer. Something is the matter with it." Waiter (at restau rant) : " Yes. It's genuine coffee. We used it by acci dent. The mistake will not occur again." Featherstone: "Do you believe In ghosts?" Traven: "Wall, for years I have been living in* haunted bouse." Featherstone: "Yon don't tell me? Who is it haunted byr" Travers: "By my tailor." Better- half: "Oeorgie, darling, have I been quite as dear to you since we married as I was before?'' Remaining Fraction (thinking of his cheque-book): " You have been a precious sight dearer, my dear '** M ixkimo Time. Over spilt milk do not cry, Pass the slight misfortune by; Brace yourself; don't be a chump— Any man can work a pump. She: "Will you write to me on your return to college?" Edinburgh Student: "Why-r-er, yon know. I can't write." She: " Oh, I don't expect yon to write brilliantly or amusingly; Just write as yon talk." Rev. Mr. Menier (fishing for a charity subscription): " Ah t my dear yonng lady, it's very hard to be poor V Miss Sauciety (with not too muoh pin money): " Yes, it may be very hard, but yet I have known several that have managed it." First Suicido (struggling in tbo water): "There's nothing in life worth living for." Second Suicide: " True; but I've Just thought of the fact that thore'S nothing in death worth dying for. I'm going to get my clothes and go home." Quest: "I wish I had come here a week ago." Hotel Proprietor: " Ah, that's very nattering to my establishment." Guest: "I don't know about that. What I mean is that I would have preferred to eat this Ash then instead of now." Aunt (to little girl, who has just returned from hear ing her mother sing for tbe first time in public): "Well, darling, how did mamma sing this afternoon?" Little girl (dejectedly): " Not very well; they made ber come back and do it all over again." Neighbour: " I was s'prisod to hear lately, Brudder Wampns, dat you's 'drlnkin' hard." Mr. Wampus: "Yassir. Dey's a man out west seys de worl' am gwine to come to an end in 'bout two weeks, and I's bound I won't let dis yere bar'l o' cider go to waste!" A labourer in a rough felt hat and long smock walked the other day into the Shakspeare Library at Stratford, England, and after looking attentively for some time at one of the custodians went up to him and said, " I say, zur, be you Mr. Shakspeare, as I've ueer'n speak ov ?" First Philanthropist: " What have you been doing for the past five or six years?" Second Philan thropist: "I have been collecting money to assist poor negroes to emigrate to Liberia. What have you been doing?". First Philanthropist: "I've been collecting money to assist them back again." Prominent Member of Sooiety for the Prevention or Cruelty to Aninfals (to neighbour's boy): "Johnny, do yon want to earn a shilling ?" Johnny: " Sure 1" " Then you may go to the chemist's and get me a pound of insect powder to kill cockroaches. Here's the money. And, Johnny— er—don't tell them who sent you." "Here's a piece of latne poetry," said the junior editor, as he looked over a contribution. " Something wrong in the feet?" asked the senior editor with ghastly mirth. «' No; there's a rhyme short in one of verses. Here we have 'twixt him' and 'writhim,' but the third rhyme seems to have been omitted." 111 can supply that," said tbe senior editor, reaching {or his club. " Hit him," and the shadow waiting in the doorway vanished like April snow. He was an unrepentant old toper, whom whisky and fast living had brought to his deathbed. "You'll soon be in the land of spirits, my friend," said tbe holy man. who sought to bring him to a due sense of his position. Then the hardened old reprobate screwed, up one eye like a dried sea anemone, and digging the venerable minister feebly in tbe ribs said. "Spirits, parson; did you say spirits? A land of spirits, and me taken tbe pledge, too." 