GHOSTS IN CHINA. A Country in Which tho Super natural Forms a Feature of Life. Thero is probably no oountry in which ghosts play ao prominont a part in the daily hie of the peoplo aa China. Thora is no question ua to bolioving in ghosts. Everyone in the Oolestial Empiro dooa that. If a man faila in business ho sots to work wondering whoao spirit or ghost was responsible for hia miafortuno ; if ho ib exceptionally Buoooaaful he does not forget to bo thankful to the doni Ben of Bpiritland to whoae apeoial aid ho at trihutoa hiB duooobb. Travellers among tho nhifiAnn linvn linpn nfmmlr miff* »un n..n ? Li oity of aomo of the ghost stories, though 00 oaBionally thoy have oomo aorosa inBtanoea in whioh tho boliuf waa father to the faot. In ono of thei-e a guilty oonaoienoo oaused a man to boliovo bn was haunted by tho ghost of hia former parfner. Tho formor'a namo was Ohang and tho lbttor's Li, and on one oooaaion thoy woro both out on tho river. Li wbb leaning ovor tho odgo of tho boat, and Ohang pushed him into tho water, bo aa to seouro tho whola buainoBB for himBolf. No thing waa hoard of tho unfortunate victim and tho aurvivor took ohargo of tho buainosa, abstracting enough oaah and aooreting it to make apy possible inquiries fruitless. Aa tho anniversary of tho tragedy approaohed, Ohang beoamo very sink and was greatly alarmed by an apparition whioh threatonod him with death, if ho did not at onoo make due restitution to tho ghost's family. Tho required promiBO was given with proraptneas and d3Bpatah, as well na undoubted sincerity, but aa soon aa the siok man reoovored he forgot to fulfil it. Tho porformanoo wan re peated the year following, and this timo Ohang was bo impressed that ho loat no time in making not only full, but oven excessive restitution. But a fatal ban seemed to be upon the man, and, business falling to a minimum, he deoided to move. Ho looated in a distant oity, and while hunting up a re sidonce he mot what he supposed to bo Li's ghoat. As might have boon expected, he protested warmly against the persecution to whioh bo was subjoot, and ankod what more was cxpeoted of him. To hia surprise the supposed ghost repudiated bia ghoatlinoBB, and assured Ohang that he was no spirit, but flesh and blood. The torrifiod Ohang ex plained what had happened, whereupon Li, with Oriental atolidneas, remarked : ' So my falling into the river was not an aooident 7 I had nogleoted to pay duorespeot to tho spirit of my father, and when I tumbled into tho mer and was nearly drowned, I thought it a punishment 'or my impiety.' Thus tho ex planation itself affords a proof of tho general bolief in tho appearance of spirits and ghosta. Extraordinary precautions aro taken to neutralise tha evil influenoe of ghosts, and this is spcoially the case whon ono man has killed another. Then tho ghoat of tho mur dered man ia supposed to haunt tho mur deror both day and night and to thwart his every undertaking. Tho man thus haunted in careful to keop idoia in hia Bleeping apart ment and evon to oarry a miniature god in hia pookot. Ho does not fear death at the hands of tho ghost, for he ia satisfied that the data of his death is written in the book of fate, and that no power, divine, spiritual, or material, oan chango that rooord or oxpodiato hiB demise. But abort of death it iB his be lief that the ghost of his victim oan and will do him evory injury in hia power. Tho ghosts of Buioidcs aro distinguished by wear ing rod oilk handkerohiefs, and ia a good do fence in a trial for murder that tho doceaaod'a ghost has boen Been thus bodooked. Only tho foolish are supposed to be in danger from ghoata, and it is a severe re proaoh to say of a man, 'Ho is afraid of ghoata 1' The ordinary epeotro ib looked upon with mingled pity and contempt, and ia belioved to be readily cowed by anyone on dowed with an average amount of selfpos session, the only trouble being that few people are BelfposaeBsed when confronted with a spirit in somi- matorialiBsd form. Tho moat disreputable olaaa of ghoBta aro thoso of deceased paupers, an1? thore ia a peouilar oeremony known as the ' appeasing of tho burning mouths.' On tho day sot apart for the purpose plates are filled with ciiko and labelled with invitations to the ' honorable homeless ghosta' — a title whioh inoludas the Bpirits of thoBO whose surviving relatives in the flesh either cannot or will not provide lor them. 