O h. i; . of ru'." i r:lr a y 'i l ,. Aei On... " . ** ." Of seething divers, syo k:--',"I 1,.,;,. G o, uIm pkins. ': ': 1' i:!! ,f thb .',, \hVit I ' i i,,'nfil pieasunr uti seuh as the tea ::t five 1"..;".. ,he gernlan aull thie i:tinee. 7.It others hunt the 'timid rie. TheiI Iln ino stuig. the sutle hare, Whilst I in slitude will go And stalk the oyster in his lair. Let restless spir its hunt the snipe, (if prairie chickenc slay a host, And still the plover's rpen;ive pipe; llut give me calm and quail on toast. Go, ribaln . toy wits h tinny tribes, And think to take their lives no sin klnt iv e to ae 1 an I spare your gi .co, The pea-'oful joy of terrapin. ro,:n oIhhlin" brook :uul rippling rill, S:lt lo-sterer'v.oi drink; 'tis vain. I only nak to drink my fill Of treen a.,sinthe an I champagne. Let icarse yo::i^ swains iin folly stray, With rsy maids with hair a:-curl' I only ask a nitat coupe -1Awl sup oper with a tallet girl. Ye mlcap ' wihtis. wlho rise at dawn, In:auiate to dig and delve, li d, nt en:y ye; ut aon I'!I llumlber till the hour of twelve. Attune your pipes. attend your flocks,. And toot yvier aites, if joy it brings; I ina coniUent to haIe a box WVhen A'lelina Patti singns. With lid1 lur. anMIl Phyils sweet Dispolt ye in youl sylvan shrine; An ihtre, withi a fortunne neat is rnclh milv in nIn~ltulple line, GI. hreathe yuir iniense- laden air Witih frangrnce of the clover blooms: Its nldor: aie:' ran emilparc With Iltlonirlr Lubin's nice lperfumes. Go, resve in i li ll .se-eiul ct, V`1.]ptuar syharit , F A brown-lite nfrot chall be my lot i;pete wi:h :imple. pure delight. The Last ,~i.a-There is one individual that we have :iwa;s felt- ereat sympathy for, and that is the la.t man ni the procession. lie doesn't waltt be tithe lat man. of course, but implacabl: iatl puts hii:i there and there lie eems to sta:. Ther'sreno way of getting out of it. Did you ever w:,t long enough to sue the last man iln a ,_rec:streer palade ? Of eturs,: there must lie a Iet nian in a procession as there is a head ln to lead it. lie is that thrice unlfortunat individual who closes upI the rear. lIe crow tiredi cf waiting, long be. fore the pr,.ocessiot gets oler way. and :has half a mind it brc:: rankl; and go homle. The crowds ,press ot ht ad little boys jeerhiim. Then. na tile lonI, loce,?csin moves down the street, hie is ensciri s all thi, time that every body will be nwearirf t ;:lhownv by the time lie comes along. lanrioalcy lringing up the rear. and nio miattetlwne well lhe may march, no one is goig tlo y ney atlention to lim. lliisnly utihty sonlcta be to keep the big express wagons fro! crowding on to the fel. lows preer-+l.ine hiil The rear of a nez precession always straggles more or Ic,'and it becomes neces. sary for those comnlsing it to break into a sharp run frequenlc,!; in order to avoid get ting left altogether Tlhen it is that the last man has a very tistwssine time of it. Dogs ch:se him and harlt his lheels. lie is eat oil by a wagon ata "ons street, which whips in and prevents hij6iining the main bo dy, and if he isn't nimle enough to jump over the wagon, he is li!e to get min.ed up with all sorts of vehicles na cursed by thedrivers individually anl coctively. Sometimesi he is compelled to man a long detour of side and parallel streetsacorder to catch upl with the procession aiai. The populace aretot favorably dlsp ised to the last man, someow. There is a tisplosi tion to hoot at himand mischievous teliows have been known otbhrow obstacles in his way to trip him up We have seen himl trip on a hoop, stumnblthl ner an o!'l wheelbarrwv, roll over a barrel.nd be ktankedl down liat by an express ulgon going halt a blocik. r-..?-'. help !miring tihe istency of thle man and It evident det~ninaiio'l to bring iip the rearit whatever peis:ial iacri fice. It is a thackess operation, thnugh. Virginia Tradtion.-o:nee in t!! :fe of every iman he hear theserei whistler,' call. They are strange bids on whom motil eyes have never restel,t e whistle of whire wings sometimes falls upi the startled car And there is alwaysapornt, f fsonmethinpmomen tous for good or ev even thouli hey mayi not '' dree their wiced " for week aftier the seven whistlers' call Like all poentci, their coming is mostly in he gloalnin. Forl t':eu, after all. is the '~ . chine ilur.r ' Th.e is in the quiet cfa se ?de d count'v side in the twilight shadlows :hih: falls from the heavens a mystical.idni ic iece of another worll. and of the tirsy -trurture of the veil intervening. whicl ; to he found at no other hour of the twenty-far. It is then. by sime lonely wood pond, in somne valley circled by woods, that tinsh is broken by a faint, far beat. distinct n in the air, nut on earth or in the sky overh .taken up and repeated six times, and ever ?vinII clearer and ml re distinct. and finallyealing away with! a rush of wines and a soI of pssing hlke that which in all the lteithirranean isles sin-led the death of '" the ; oat lan" when Christ was born. Novels.-Many prels.interetinge :enauch and well written, , only calculated to lead the mind astray. vet, like other hrooks, are made to sell, a. ?o competition is lively. authors vie with Ia1 iother in the elffort to fill the pages of ther works with the most interestinmexcxitinlots that the unagi:ia tion can invent. 'I is not to that clais of novels known to bgideceiedly obseenie that reference is made. Tihese are condemned, professedly. by socitr. and in many of the States their sale ij pirohibited. ilut the popular mind is of:-e so closely allied to the opienly impure literuitre we condemn, as to be scarcely worthy a better namne than t hat which is reputed. Tle language, it is true, is cautiously selectal to clothe the thoughts. but the sentiment is lfiensive to purity and moral character. ?'et this is very largely the clans of novels tha: is melt eagerly sought and read. Utnhap!,y marriaces are largely the result of such noevel reading, and t, tile same cause may inainly be attrihbuted the separations anit fliviorre of the present iday. Owning ' Home.--A lmani who is work. ing to . c:-ire a smnall liece of iproperty sab stietutes a new and istinct ambition fora re malt andt vgie ohe. Day dreanms about Iarge eotatc ice l, (i .nllm '"'ima iiint, m lie very nclnus II ut they are not hali so iiro litlle as a division of a lot one hundred feet ie two Ihuinlred, wlth a snig hlttle idwelling hicie upone'l it. With this bihdore him, a man will rise early and retira late, turnei his ihan cliherfully t any uawl every kiinld ofi w frk. le will ihavoe a motive for rigorous cocnimY whcich will make It a pleasure. He will lha~v e the visin of the last payment be fore him ans a -perpltual motive to molnneration in pansce.c econlomy In cxpnmes,a bstinence fronm expnenive pieasires anid froIIn expensive compa!iiins. Thu' it will come to pa.s that Siudliclous debt. Ilecurred at the beginning of a lriemean s ir labounrer career, cill eceime lien *ooe pI cISu, watlching over hiti. iucitlmn him ticall ia lustry and sielfc.govern. meat. It is a critical moment in life when mildfle age awakens a man fromn the illusions that have been crowning the earlieir years with inward glory. Some are willing to let ilthe visiin anii tlhe dream pass into easy iblivioin, while they hasten Ito miake up for ilst time in close ilrsulit of the main chance. Others can for?ive anything sooner than their own ex ploded ideanl.and thie ghost of their dead en thusiasm haunts them with an emhittering presence, The Prince ot Wales is going to pay £125 a day fr his caneeomm loation at New. lands during his visit to Ireland. lIe is more extravagant than the queen. On hler last visit to Aix les Bains she wanted to occupy the lIotel Splendide, but the price asked, £100 a day, was too high, so she took another house, which she got for £65. But then the queen has no rich mother, as the prince blIs., 