GENERAL NEWS. v We remind our readers of the leoture to ho delivered at St. Paul's Schoolroom this evening by the Bov. B. Gribblo, F.R.G.8., explanatory of his mission to the aboriginals at Bellonden-teer. Captain Almond, Portmastior, wno is now inspecting the porta in the North of the colony, is oxpeoted to reaoh Rookhainpton in nboat ten days' tiuio to perform a liko duty on thib part of tho ooa9t. According to a private wire received in town yesterday, the following were tho lalost , Brisbane quotations: Mount Morgan Shares — buyers 40s, sellers 503. Q.N. Bank shares —buyers £0 5s, sellers £5 10s. Up to Saturday last, tho recent rains had inoroaeed the volume of water in tho Cres cent Lagoon by 2J- inches, which, with 4-i inahea pumped into it from tho Yoppon, gave a total increase of 7 :' jhos. .-.-j'llr. W. L. G. Drew, chairman of tho Civil \- Board, concluded liis official injpoo- v"' of tho looal branches of tho sevvieo .yesterday, and sails for Brisbane this morn ing by tho s.s, Fitzroy. Yesterday tho TItloa find Lands offices tho Harbor Mas- ter's office, tho Customs, the C.P.8., and . Registrar for Births, Marriages, and Doaths offices woro inspooted by him. Tho demand mado upon tho New South 'v,Walee Secretary for Agriculture for samples of the 'now varieties of potatoes obtained from England, Auicriau, and the Continent .(says tho Sydney Morning Herald) has been -so great ne to completely exhaust tho stook, hones it is useless for agriculturists to miiko any further applications to the„i)Ooretary. The latter, being anxious to inrroduoo new varieties of maize, millet, flax, and heuip, ' has obtained samples of thoso ecods froai various parte of the world, and small parcels for experimental cultivation will ho for warded to applicants. Mr. F. R. Banbury, O.P.S., who has boon on a holiday Southward, roturucd to Roelc- hvnpton by tho e.s.- Fltzroy yesterday fore noon. The Annual mooting of Tattorsall's Club, adjourned from Wednesday owning, takeo place at tho On Stauloy On Hotel, at 11 a.m. to-day. Upon onquiry wo learn that tho toamntor Edward Moylau, whoso apaidout at Kabra wo alluded to inouriaettc of Wednesday, is pro- grossing favorably, although ho is etill in a prcoarious state. It appears that tho kanaka, whose alleged leprosy, since discovered to bo non-e'xietont, oaused him to bo housed at tbo Reception House, some throe months ago, is still thero, although tho polico formally told oil to watch him havo boou removed. It soouib that no epeoific order has boon recoivod for the kanaka's roloaeo. Doubtless he does not mind this 1 Tho wcathor was unsottlcd throughout yesterday, and rain foil At intervals during tho afternoon and ovcuing. Tho following statious recorded rain during tho 24 hours ending at 9 a.m. : — Brisbane, 7pts ; Maakay, 2 ; Nobo, 2 j Bundnbcrg, 38 j Maryborough, 16; Inskip Point, lin 2pts; Woody Island, 7pts; Aramac, 2; and Wiudornh, 2 ; Eton, Yoppoon, and Miriam Yalo also ropjrted raiu. The thormoinetrical readings during the samo period wore ltookliampton. max. 79, min. 61 j Brisbane, 71, 58; Buetard Hoad, 72, 61 ; Gatcombo Head, 76, C7 ; St. Lawrenoo, 79, 62 ; Mackay, 76, 66 ; Alice, 77, 61. A frightful burning acoidont occnrrod on tho Burrum Railway lino on Sunday, the 15th instant (says the Gympie Times). Mrs. Slattery,' tho wife of a gatokoeper, was using turpentino for tho purpose of lighting a fire, when her dress caught, and eho was dread fully burned. Some kerosono near by also took fire, and burned bcr little daughter so badly that she died shortly after admission to tho hospital. Mrs. Slattory's chances of recovery worn regarded as doubtful from tbo first, and sho died on Tuesday night. Sho was only 33 years old, and loaves four children, the eldest being 13 years old. It is reported (says the IKeslcni Star of Wednesday) tbatover200 bags of sood wheat I have already been supplied this season by Mr. Kates to farmers In this distiict. Now that rain has come, and much moro wot wcathor is probable in the noar futuro, a very largo area will be put under wheat. Although somo people would have preferred to have their wheat inn .mouth. since, (lie I month of May is not by any moans too lata to j sow, and as there is now a local market availablo at highest rntos it is to bo hoped the settlers will 'plant as large areas as possible, not only for their own pecuniary advautago, I but to keep the flour unit at work. The mill can turn out 4000 tons of flour in a year, and there i3 not only the local market but the' markets 1o the West to bo supplied. With rain iu due season, there ought not to bo any difficulty in pushing this district ahead. Tho Vegetable Products Commission etill "bobs up eorenely" at intervals (says the Age).' In this way it justifies. expenses, if it does not . justify its. oxistoiico. After lying dormant fpr'six mouths it was. fondly hoped that it was preparing for its farewell appoar-. ance, but it reappeared on Wednesday last in all lis pristine vigor, and not at all de sirous of giving up tho ghost. Tho commis sion is evidently not disposed to put an end to the farce, and it would be interesting to learn' by what process .the Premior proposes to extinguish it. The tenacity with which the commission elings to life is becoming a serious matter, and "vegetable products" seem likely to furnish a topio for periodical and not very entertaining reports ne long as the members of tho commission, or any of them, or tho secretary, contiuues to feel au iuterost in this vital question. The Commissioner of Police received a fur- ther telegram on Saturday from Inspector Douglas, stationed at Cooktown, relative to the mystory surrounding the disappearance of the old miner, James Wren (says the Courier). Wren, it will be remembered, had been missing from Joyce's hotel for some time, and when inquiry was made it was found that he was last seen in company with a man named Becker. Becker had been dis- covered by the police, but he was unable to give any information with regard to his com- rade. Inspector Douglas now, in his latest telegram, states that the constable and three black trackers have returned from their search, but without any success. Under the circumstances he thought it useless to pro- long the search any further, the presumption being that Wren has committed suicide in the Annan River. The baneful influence nud mischievous effects of' Mr. Unmnck's newspaper postage impost have already boon specially marked among the more remote provincial journals of the aolony. Old established papers have struggled nobly against the heavy handicap, but increased expenditure with no increase of income is a circumstance that can only be tolerated for a time. Wo ( Buiulalerg Star) hear— and wo much regret that evon rumor has tho statement in circulation— that a Queensland provincial daily is contemplat ing reversion to tri-woekly publication, This is assuredly a bad eigu of the times, as newspapors, more than any other media, are indiocs' of prosperity or tho reverso. Re trenchment sometimes is inevitable, etill wo cling to tho bopo that looms a little way ahead, that even yet a tide of betterment may avert saoh a step on the part of our contemporary. The Imperial Inspector of Explosives has furnished tho Secretary for Trade and Cus toms with information concerning a recent explosion in a floating firework magazine at Gravesend, which was caused by the acci dental ignition of frictional marine Roman Candles. The object of tho report was to draw attention to the dangor of the careless handling of these combustibles. It appears they aro most frequently used on shipboard, for signalling purposes, aud, as a common cxporioace, arc so carelessly stored and treated that aoeidvnts aro uumerous. Furthermore, when accidents do. not occur, with them, their utility is often go much impaired that, when required for inchoating that the vessel is. in distress, they are quito useless. The inspector thinks 'it would bo desirnblo to make an inspection of marine rockets occasionally on all sen- going oi aft, powor being given to tilio inspector to older 'a fresh Bupply whurover it appeared that the fireworks bad been aatnngod, but the euporior officials consider that it may be I sufficient if public Attention is called to the dangerous q- alitios of the articles, so that masters aud owners may profit by the warning! Mr. T. Duckbam, than whom no one in England is motb eompot.-ut to undertake thol task, has gone into figures to show tbnt,j providod the health of tho British horde nnd flocks iu kept intact, tho production of home grown beef nod mutton will soon overtake tho demand. Ho shows that in 18S3, whon thu foot-and-mouth disease was pravnlont, the value of tho living animals and dead ! moat imported was £28,238,718. and iu 1891, aftur six years of comparative immunity from its ravages, tho value ot Jiviug nmmais and dead meat was only £29,108.291, or nn inoroaso of only £8(19,573 with aa increased population of 3,000 000. Again, cattle had ineroaBod from 10,097,013 in 1883 to 11,3-13,685 in 1891 ; sheep from 28,347.560 to 33,533,988 during the same period. This means that with an increase of 10 per oont. iu the population iu eight years thero has j boon an i.icrcaso of about 14 per cont. in tho | number of livo Btnok, and nn iuoronso of only 3 por cont. ill tho valuo of importations j of live stook nnd dead moat. Witli eo many holdings thrown out of cultivation ! and bo much of tho land— formerly oulti- ' vntod— laid down in pasture, tho ratio of , increase of live stock is much greater than has been the owe in any former period, The usual monthly inoetiog of the Cotn- mittoo of tbo Koqkhampton Rowing Club was hold at tho llolmoro Arms last night. There wcro proscnt : Messrs. T. Kingol (in cliair), H. W. Johnson, 11. Sobmidt, U; A. Walker, and W. L. Hoblcr (lion. sec.). The minutes of tho previous meeting were read and confirmed. It was proposed by tho Chairman and seconded by Mr. Hobler that thu. O.Q.B. Club bo written to, thank iug theui for tho loan of thoir four-oared boat Borser- k'or, on Regatta Day. — Carried. Tho fol lowing new members (activo) wbre'olcotod Messrs. G. D. M'Kay , W. Dixon, and H. M'Konzie. This concluded tho business of tho meeting. Tho following items, oxtraoted from tho Government Gazelle which nrrivod yoBterday, refot to the Central Diatriot: — Michael Han- nun, appointed member of Comctville Sobool Board, vice Richard Lnnyou, resigned. Cler mont Laud Agent's District, reserve for water on tho roaumcd pait of Alpha Bun, County of Buiynndo, parish of Alpha, aroo 40 acres ; Springsuro Land Agont's District, on' nnd after Monday, Juno 20, the Tooubau Block, about 50 squaro miles, will bo open for occupation license ; Control Military Dis trict, Port 'Curtis Division, "A" Company, Rockhampton, No. 163 Private W. F. P. Lutteroll struck oil tho strongth of tho corps for non- attondanoo at drill. Tbo Jelunga biought n. cargo from Eng land of eloetricnl apparatus of about 28 tons weight for tho Gas Company, includiug-.tlio maiu cables for the streets, on 16 drams, oaeh carrying a quartor of a-milo' in length, aud a val.uablo assortment of switches, fuses, leads, electroliers, &c.;, valued at over £3000. Wo had an opportunity of inspecting the offices last evening, lightod witn gas for tho first timo, and ju. 'finished and handed over to the company by the contractors, Messrs. Moir and Cousins, and a very line suite of rooms they aro. We understand the building for tho engines, . &o.;, is completed and the ohimney stack has attained tho height of 50 feet. Wo learn that tenders aro to be called for the uffico fixtures, foundations, water tanks, main laying, &e.;, immediately. From all this wo gather that -tho town is now in tho near future of having a long-folt neod supplied in a healthy and excellent illuminant. Rapid progress ie being made with the completion of St. Patriot's Cathedral, on Eastern Hill, Melbourne (says t lie Melbourne Ago). Tho building was commenced in 1856, therefore has toon nearly -lO ycars in ereu- tiou. Whou-tho proeent eon tract is carried out, only what may be called tho ornamental portion of the edifice will remain lo be fin ished. This latter will oompi-iso tlnf great tower and spiro.'o't'ibof the South-weBt towers And tho two Spnth-wbst spires. Tbo series of cbapols,- at "tho North-oast bud of the oathedral, and tho vostries are now. com pleted aud roofed in ;- the gnblo and pinna cles, and the windows of tho Eastern tran sept are finished, and tho. gable', of tbo Western transept is now about to bo begun. Tho present contract was signed a year ago, and the contract time was three years from that date. Tho contractor, howovor, then expressed a .conviction that ho would be able to compieto his contract in two years. It now seems highly probable that bo will bo able to realise bis hope, and that in 12 months the cathedral will be rondy for open ing, aomplotod according' to design, minuB the external ornaments mentioned. 