Private Enterprise Two cablegrams -which, wo published yes terday furnish food , for reflection in con nection with the prevailing depression. One referred to the difficulties the New South Wales Government experienced in raising money in the English market j the other to .the proposed establishment of iron ?worke at Wallerawang. It is idle to dis guise the fact that financial difficulties are threatening the public Treasurer, and Mr. See's budget speech will be looked for with anxiety, though there is really no ground for serious apprehension. What is very certain, however, is that it will be hopeless for the working classes to look to the State to absorb the labor now seeking employment and likely to be seeking employment next year. There has been, unfortunately, a disposition of late for people to look too much to a paternal Government for assistance in times of need and depression. Private enterprise and j private employment have correspondingly been discouraged, and the mischievous doc trine has been preached that the State ought to be the sole employer of labor. Without entering ju_t now into an examination of the theory thus advanced, it may be as well to point to one striking fact in recent experience, namely, that the more the State has been, looked to and the more private enterprise has been discouraged of late years, the less has the country prospered, and the greater have the die trees and depression been. One recent instance of the folly of the opposition to private enterprise may be cited. A bill was before Parlia ment last session to sanction the con struction of a line of railway that would connect the rich fruit-growing district of Dural with the metropolis. The construc tion of such a line would have afforded temporary employment to thousands of men badly in used of work, and permanent employment would have been obtained by many hundreds, while settlement in a fertile district would have been promoted and the country enriched. But because this work was proposed to be carried out by a private company, the ' friends of labor ' in Parliament refused to sanction the proposal, and the invest ment of something like a million of money in a great reproductive work was stopped. The decision thus come to was all the more deplorable because at the time it was well known that the State could not undertake the work j and the prospects of its ever being able to do so are further of£ than ever. As regards the establishment of iron works, such a project was in a fair way of realisation until the occurrence of the great labor troubles which . began a little over two years ago. The cablegram to which we have already referred states that four of the leading British iron manu facturers who bad been willing to supply the capital for establishing iron and steel works at Wallerawang withdrew their offers owing to the Broken Hill strike. It was added that they are now only willing to supply the plant for two furnaces, with a capacity of 800 tons of pig iron weekly, under modified condi tions. Any movement that would tend to develop the splendid iron resources of this country and make us independent of British and foreign iron producers should surely be welcomed by all classes, but moat of all by those who profess to be the friends of labor. We have inexhaustible deposits of iron ore, we have hands as willing to manufacture the metal, and we have urgent need of the manufac tured article. Certain visionaries may wish to see all such work as the manufac ture of iron carried out by the State. It is quite certain the State can never success fully enter upon such undertakings, and we must look to private enterprise, with co-operation where possible, to do for us what it does for other countries — develop tho resources of the country and find employment for our people. The feature of last night's proceedings in Par liament was the full recantation by Mr. Reid of his anti-federation views. Federationists can say concerning the move of the leader of the Opposition 'better late than, never;' and free traders can rejoice that the learned gentleman at length has the full courage of his freetrade opinions. Mr. Reid told the House last night that he did at one time feel that pushing forward the federation proposals meant the adoption of a protectionist policy throughout Australia, but that events since then had enabled him to take a much more sanguine view of the possibilities of the case. The events to which Mr. Reid referred were the revolt against ex treme protection in, America and the discontent with it in Victoria, the admission of Mr. O'Sulli van that- at next election here protection would meet defeat at the polls, and the admission of Mr. John See that nine-tenths of the farmers of New South Wales were in favor of intercolonial freetrade. The revulsions of feeling in America and Victoria can be compared to the wind; the wailings of Messrs. O'Suiliv&n; and See to the straws that show the way the wind blows. Mr. Raid, though, converted to federation because lie no longer thinks it will injure the free trade cause, differs widely bit perljiin iBj^ts- from the framers of the Federation TBill. He is essen tially a democratic federationist, Btrong fpr the power of the purse being absolutely secured to the Jjower House, of t£e Federal Parliament, and for the Executive being made Btrictiy responsible to the same body. In'view of the whole tendency of modern legisl&tion; this is the kind of federal arrangement that |s likely ultimately to triumph) but there are other j matters in connection with the proposed fiettle ' meet upon which there is more room for difference of opinion, and which, consequently, are more serious cause* of uncertainty. Thus Mr. Reid is apprehensive that the provi,. sion of the Fed-ration Bill empowering the Federal Parliament to make laws *f prohibiting l jor annulling any law or regulation „ made T-y any j state, or .by any authority constated by &&y; j state, having the effect *$ * derogating. fromf-_o, ! dom of commerce between the different parts of ' the commonweftlfcb/* may be bo interpreted as to deprive .New South Wales of the benefit of much of the money it has spent on railways, by cancelling differential rates. He also sees danger in the clause proposing to enact that, -until a Federal tariff be provided, the different states shall retain their different tariffs, and he thinks there should be a provision preventing the continu ance of the different tariffs from being indefinite. Probably about other points mentioned by Mr. Reid — the power of amending the constitution and the limitation of the functions of the Gover nor-General— there will not beany great dispute. But the railway and tariff matters will furnish excellent material for long and bitter de bates. With nearly every prominent man in the Assembly now a declared federa tionist, there ought to be a clear course for federation; but we doubt whether several of the moat active, politicians are really zealous enough for federation to be willing to show a con ciliatory spirit upon details as tariff regulation and railway administration, concerning which they feel eo keenly. In the Council yesterday it was made evident that there is a strong movement for the introduc tion into the Electoral Bill of the principle of a vote for thrift. Some of the best known mem bers, Mr. Trickett and Sir William Manning, among others, spoke in support of this idea. But an Upper House is always at a disadvantage when it undertakes to regulate the method of election to a Lower one, and especially so' is an Upper House which is not elected itself, but is based upon a nomination system now generally condemned. If the Council takes heart to seriously mutilate the Electora Bill, it will be because it relies on the well-known lack of sympathy of some of the Ministers with the ' one than one vote ' shibboleth. Wbafs in a name ? Henry Bacchus was sum moned at the Central Police Court for knowingly keeping on his premises liquors mixed with a dele terious ingredient injurious to health. Mr. Hamlet, the Government Analyst, deposed as to the bad quality of the spirits with which Bacchus regaled his customers. The rum especially was described as unfit for human consumption, and as likely to cause delirium or stupor. That much being testified by Mr. Hamlet, it certainly — to quote the words of his Shaksperian namesake — needed no ghost come from the grave to tell that Henry Bacchus had rendered himself amenable for a very serious offence. He was accordingly fined .£20 with £Z 10s costs, or two months' imprisonment. According to a contemporary, the New York Times has published what is alleged to be the basis of Mr. Gladstone's Irish Home Rule Bill. The bill, we are toH, proposes to create Ireland into a dominion of four provinces, each province to have a House of Representatives, and to be em powered to send life senators to the Dominion Par liament sitting at Dublin. The senators are to be appointed in proportion to the population of the respective provinces. Federal powers are to be conferred on the senate. This sketch of a re constructed Irish constitution may be seriously meant, but it looks uncommonly like a hoax. Just exactly such a hoax as might be played by some ingenious scribe whose reading; of history was about wide and deep enough to leave him with extraordinarily mixed ideas in regard of the modern theory of par liamentary government and the system which ?' existed in Ireland in the days of King Brian Boroihme— four semiinde pendent provinces, with tributary kings, owing fealty to a central authority. The bare notion of a statesman so thoroughly imbued as Gladstone is with the conviction that parliamentary representation should be strictly under the control of the people devising a scheme by which ' life senators ' would have nearly all the say, is too transparently ridiculous. General Booth, like another eminent man ot the time, will now probably be able to boast that ho is of the stuff of which martyrs are made. Mi*. John Burns, the labor leader, has been de nouncing him in the Nineteenth Centuet. The vials of Mr. Burns's wrath are at the same time emptied on Mr. Arnold White. The latter person is known in connection with the distribu tion of Baron Hirsch's fund for the relief of the Russian Jews. White was sent on a mission to Russia in furtherance of the baron's philanthropic efforts for the relief of his suffering co-religionists in the Empire of the Czar. The particular act which has rendered him obnoxious in the eyes of the labor leader can, at this distance,and with such imperfect information as is at present to hand, only be .surmised. It is just possible that Mr. White may have had something to do with that invasion of Rus sian Jews which has been so bitterly com plained of in the East End of London* and which has caused not a few English sympathisers with those unhappy — and very often, it must be aided, unsavory — refugees to remember that charity, after all, should begin at home. Bat, according to the cablegram, White is coupled with Booth in a general charge of hav ing drawn into London all the loafers and tramps in England. This is a serious accusation indeed, and though doubtless the actual facts are exaggerated it must, notwithstanding, con tain a great deal of truth. Even though the ' General ' be credited with the purest of intentions, it is Btill evident to common sense that nothing short of a miracle could ever convert into reputable or useful citizens a very large percentage of the characters who ? profess to have experienced that happy change tinder his direction. 