BiOiB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL, By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Rainbow Gold,' &c;, &c;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] : Chaptee XXX. ? When Redwood had received the letter in which Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the ? truth he had at once hastened to his employers to ask for leave of absence. The permit was given, all the more readily since the firm had need of his services ir^their London establishment. He was bidden, so soon as the urgent private affairs which took him away should be arranged, to enter upon an employment which would cost him some two months of time. He went to his work sick at heart, but resolute. Life was savorless, Savor lees, without color. He did his duty doggedly in spite of all, and in the meantime an event was preparing which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind— a position so terrible and strange that whilst it lasted it made the sorrows he had already endured seem trivial in comparison. To the amazement of everybody about him, Hetheridge began fb mend again. Mind and nerve were alike so blunted that the shock of actual discovery and denunciation came upon him with infinitely less effect than might have been predicted. He had swooned in Mrs. Red wood s grasp and had Iain long unconscious, but on his return to a knowledge of the things around him his medical men discovered to their surprise that there had been no second para lytic seizure. He was shaken and weakened, and it might be that his recovery was indefi nitely retarded, but the symptoms to be most dreaded were but little aggravated. Sir William Keppell gave it as his opinion that his patient's fall upon the lawn was due to vertigo induced by over-exertion, and the suburban practitioner re&peotfuliy; followed in his train. Hetheridge's mind during the weeks thai fol lowed affords a curious study. He remembered everything that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected the open denunciation of his crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after a\l that lapse of years he did not guess. He had been washed and dressed day by day by his at tendants and had not seen his own image in a glass from the moment when that damning likeness to his old disguise had begun to steal upon him. Had he been in full possession of his faculties his instinct of caution would have taught him better than to permit himself to return to the similitude of the false Andre Dom, who had murdered Ellice Redwood's husband. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct aud definite boundary, and they melted, as it were, one into the other, changing confusedly, so that whilst he peered dimly at one idea he would find himself suddenly confronted with another which in no way resembled it and perplexed him with the strangeness of its aspect. In a sense this mental condition was favorable to recovery, for it robbed all his sensations of their poignancy and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very much to him. The worst had happened already. The unseen image which had so long haunted him had at last declared itself, and in that instant he had tasted- the pains of _ helL All the punishment his undetected crime had brought mm, the slow years of unre pentant dread, the remorseless accusation of the ghost that tracked him, had seemed as if gathered into one appalling and overwhelming avalanche of agony. There are things for the expression of which the human vocabulary is inadequate, and the extremest words after all express no more than averages. The stupen dous force of the blow which struck him, the ' earthquake rending of the soul with fear in that swift Doint of time in which it fell, the hideous and instanteous rout of every vital force within him— all these things are properly indescribable. They are outside the realm and sway of words, and even the imagination con ceives them feebly. He learned by-and-bye in a dim uninterested way that he was ruined. That mattered as little as anything and everything else to him. The visits of Sir William Keppell ceased with out explanation on the side of that expensive physician or curiosity on Hetheridge's. When, after a space of five weeks, the walks about - the lawn were resumed he found that two of his servants had discharged themselves and had taken flight in search of an unbroken master. Jessamer came to see huh and had an interview, in which he set forth the irre mediable character of the crash. Hetheridge heard and understood, and accepted the understanding with an indifference which looked astounding to anyone who had not the key to his mind. All his books and papers were in the hands of a firm of accountants, and his creditors were awaiting their report and the sick maaV recovery. The failure had carried wides^ad ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gone down like so many houses of cards. Jesaamer was full of it all, and it possessed him with a sense of importance and personal merit which he had never felt before. There had been ^nb; such panic in the financial world of Loztd6nlor the past five years, and Jessamer enjbyfft *p the dignity pertaining to it and expeniftcattnone of the attendant pains and peb%ttiti3;' ' ' He revelled in a sort of awe-struck eKaljMbtioa, and savored bis own importance with'* xeluhing ncstril. His employer's indifference had, to - Jeesamer's mind, something almost ^mpious in it. He seemed careless of his oivndifeuity. To be the supremest bankrupt of that deoade and to have no pride in it. One or two local tradesmen had hurried freely, in with petty claims which were not even fleabites when compared with what re mained of the gigantic figure they assailed. They sued in the county courb and conjoined together to put a man in possession, bat' Jessamer dismissed him with his claim and with a scorn so lordly that the man shrank away abashed. Jessamer visited these pre sumptuous tradesfolk and rebuked them to his own great enjoyment. Did these yokel intel ligences presume to imagine, he demanded, that a man, a man who had failed for two million sterling, was to be harried by their like. He had never cared for Hetheridge the man, but he had esteemed Hetheridge the financier always. Now, in the grandeur of his fall he would, had his employer shown a proper spirit, have revered bimlike an emperor. As Hetheridge's bodily strength returned his mind cleared and his troubles and terrors became more real to him. It was as if with every ounce of strength he gained an extra ounce of weight were posed upon his shoulders. For three months he had been free of bis phantom, but now it began to visit him again and to take its old place at his shoulder. He thought with an inconceivable dread of the possibility of its reappearing before him, and he would have flown to the uttermost ends of the earth rather than face again the accusation of its gaze. He clung to life with a desperate tenacity. Whatever day of life he could secure meant a respite from an imaginary something which must necessarily be worse than what he had endured already — that ugly physical hell which is the bugbear of ignorant and ignoble souls. He had put its contempla tion to the door thousands of times, bat it came back now with a constant insistance and reiteration. It had always returned after ex pulsion, but he had been used to contemplate it from far away. Perhaps he had been able to think it had been no more than a bugbear after all — a device of the nurse to scare naughty children to propriety. In any case it had been distant. He had felt young and full of health and vigor, but now he dared doubt no longer, and the awful thing was near. He was an old and broken man, aged years before his time, poor, and friendless, with no hand to guard him from the rubs of the world or to help a a wretched and despairing soul to cling to an enfeebled body. He wondered why he was not denounced to justice, rand as the days rolled by leaving him still at freedom his terror mounted to hysteria. So soon as he could possibly gather {strength enough to move about Ithe world alone he resolved on flight. ?-. He had an abject terror of the house he lived in and had never once dared ' to re-enter the chamber in which his phantom had suddenly resolved itself into seeming flesh and blood. A day or two before his illness a payment of some few hundred pounds had been made to him in Bank of England notes. This was a very rare occurrence, for in his establishment, where thousands and hundreds of thousands were gambled for, the game was played by the medium of paper counters. Cheques, promis sory notes, bills of exchange, securities of all sorts were plentiful ; but in that very temple of mammon a banknote was a rarity, and a coin passed in the way of business a thing un known. He had thrust this haphazard sum into his breast pocket and had decided to pay it into the bank together with cheques and securities of far greater value, but nad for gotten his intention for the day and had carried the money home with him. It was but a small affair, and he had thought but little of it, but now he recalled it to memory with an extravagant joy. Granted that his strength came back to him he had the means of flight. He could at least put the sea between him and his fears of arrest. It was significant of him and natural in him that no thought of the girl whom heahad reared to regard him as her father entered his mind. She was forgotten as [completely as if she had never existed. He had accepted the charge in one of the few touches of right he had ever ex perienced in his lifetime, and had continued it half freakishly and half to vent a spite on a man whose manner displeased him. It is probable that she would have profited im mensely if he had died before rum fell upon him; for he had no ambition to leave a name behind him such as has urged the founders of great charitable enterprises, and he had neither friends nor relatives amongst whomto divide his wealth. She would have been his natural heretrix, although only by the' perpetration of a harmless fraud which had become habitual to him. _ He remembered tohave thrust the banknotes' into a cashbox which he had placed in an old fashioned armoire in his bedroom. So far as he had reason to believe it had been under lock and key ever since, and when once the double idea had occurred to him that the necessity for flight was urgent and that he had or ought to have the means of flight at hand, he was on fire with fear and impatience until he could decide that theprecious paper had nob been tampered with. The master of millions when he last entered the house sought now for this mere handful of money with a desperate eagerness. He was on the lawn when the memory of his treasure occurred to him. He summoned his one remaining man servant and bade him assist him in mounting the stairs. 'Faster, you snail,' he snarled, as the man paused upon the midway landing to give him breathing time. He dismissed him fiercely at the bedroom door, and having secured the door with fingers that scarcely obeyed his will^ he hobbled on bis two sticks to the armoire, and to his intense relief found that the cashbox had not been tampered with. It came into his mind that once before in his career he had made use of a sum of money, set carelessly aside in safety without the merest glimmer of knowledge in bis own mind as to the service it would render him, and tor a tune he exulted, ' I shall be away,' he said to himself as he sat in an arm-chair fumbling with the notes and gloating over them. ' They think I am help less here. They fancy that I can't get away. They are making enquiries to confirm sus picion* and are taking then- time about it. I am stronger than they fancy. I have more wit than they think for, I shall baffle them yet.' If he had not had such grounded reason to fear pursuit his dread of it would have amounted to a mania. It was in the air, he sweated at its menace in the nigho time, his days were full of it, and every footfall in the quiet house, every arrival of the {doctor, every innocent messenger who bore provisions to the kitchen quarters brought that threat nearer and made him tremble at it. His attendants had been honest and the loose coin he had carried in his pockets at the moment of seizure was still hi his possession. It amounted to some £6 or £7 in gold and silver. The only personal vanity to which he had ever surrendered himself lay in the possession of jewellery, and he had rings and scarfpins, watch chains and jewelled pendants enough to have satisfied the desires of half a dozen average dandies. So as soon as his poor modicum of strength returned to him he emptied all these from the various cases hi which they rested, and made a little glittering heap of them upon his dressing-table. 'I shall have something to live on,' he muttered; 'something to* live [on. I shan't starve for one while anyhow.' He sat down at the table to arrange the scarfpins in rows, pinning them into a hand kerchief preparatory to packing them away, but his fingers were clumsy and tremulous and seemed reluctant' to obey his will. He succeeded at last, however, and having rolled up all ^he wealthy gewgaws he thrust them into the foot of a sock and locked them into the cashbox, which in its turn he secured in the armoire. From that time he set himself reso lutely to do whatever seemed likely to increase his strength. He followed the ordinances of the doctor with a slavish fidelity, exercised himself persistently but withoutovertaxing, and bent the whole remnant of his will to the one end he had in view. In his own dreadful way he had giVenproof years ago of an iron tenacity of resolve. He was enfeebled in every respect, and brain and body had alike suffered. His purpose was not of the old indomitable force, but ne still made it serve. Within two months fiom the hour of his daughter's departure from the house he felt that he might dare to face the world. He could far less dare to wait and face the danger which slept so quietly. He had had his bed conveyed to one of the ground floor rooms and had caused the apart ment to be furnished in all respects as a bed chamber. The difficulty of mounting the stairs gave an absolutely valid excuse for this manoeuvre, but he was in great anxiety lest his real purpose should be discovered.- The night was cold and raw, and when he looked out upon it from his window a thin gauze of (cloud with an opalescent aqueous light within it was hurrying wind-driven across the face of the half-obscured crescent of the moon. The bare poles of the trees whipped the air and clanked against each other in the November blast. It was after 10 o'clock. The house had been still for a full half .hour and not 'a] mouse was stirring. He had attired himself in a heavily furred overcoat, had packed his valuables and change of underclothing in a small bag, and now stood ready to depart. The French windows opened close to the drive, and once outside of the house there was no fear of his being missed before morning and hardly any of pursuit even then until such time as the avenger should receive news of his flight. The night air struck upon him with a fresh chill, which braced him, and he walked stealthily towards the gate, taking care to avoid the drive, which was faintly illuminated by the rays of a distant lamp, and crossing the lawn where the shadows of the evergreens, deepened the gloom of the night. The gate cre-kea upon its hinges as he opened it and gave his nerves a momentary jar, but nothing came of it. He walked along the street, seen now for the first time for nearly half a year, and quite un familiar in its whiter aspect. There had been fain that afternoon and the puddles in the road crinkled and shivered beneath the wind .and glimmered palely in the light of the street lamps. With a view to his enterprise he had feigned an especial weakness on that day and had '«fcrernrw-ff DPI* taken complete rest. The vigor which ani mated his limbs was surprising to himself, though the passers-by Baw only a tottering old man with darkened glasses and a great grey beard,'who shuffled painfully along the pave ment with the aid of a walking-stick. He had laid all his plauis beforehand and was ready with a scheme to baffle pursuit when it should start upon his trail. He made his way to the nearest cabstand, distant perhaps 300 yards from his own gate, and hailing the driver of the sole vehicle standing there instructed him to drive to Kew. He entered the cab with considerable difficulty and was driven away. 'Have the glass down, sir?' the driver asked him through the little aperture at the top of the cab. 'No,' he answered brusquely in that dis torted voice which had belonged to him since his first seizure. 'Drive on,' The cabman touched his steed with the whip and resumed the slashing pace he had for the moment relaxed to make his question audible. The rushed of cold air into the cab vivified and half intoxicated the passenger. He was coated well and had a thick silk muffler tied about his neck, and it was a physical joy to be back in open spaces. Where the road was clear of houses the flat meadow lands with their trees, which rattled in the embraces of the wind, lay gloomy and sombre on either side, with winking rainpools throwing a slant light for a mere instant of time beneath the moon or in the gleam of some distant lamp. The clouds hurrried in confused and obscured masses, across the sky, changing in form perpetually The splash and rattle of the horses' feet, the whirr and rumble of the wheels, the phantom trees than ran towards him from the darkness with their battling branches, and were passed and .vanished in a flash, the rushing wind, all seemed to speak exultantly of liberty. He hugged the precious bag upon his knees in both his fur-gloved hands, and leaning his bearded chin upon the crook of his walking-stick he stared right and left into the night and tri umphed at every stride that brought him nearer safety. When he had reached the end of his drive, had paid the cabman, and had seen him drive ' away his mood failed him suddenly altogether. He knew but little of Holy Writ and could have made no guess as to where the phrase might be found or where he had heard it, yet the words came into his mind as clearly as if a voice had whispered them — 'Though I fly to the uttermost ends of the earth Thou art there.' His fear was at his shoulder again, the murdered Redwood dogged his footsteps, and the delighted frenzy of a minute back was a mockery and a delusion, which left his state yet bitter and more forlorn. He had caused himself to be set down within a little distance of the railway- station, and walking thither he feigned to make enquiries about a train to Barnes. Emerging, he chartered a new cab and was driven London wards as far as Hammersmith, where he had a confusing choice of lines of rail which would help still further to check pursuit. He chose the District line and booked for Charing Cross. Arrived there he discovered that the mail started for Antwerp, via Dover and Ostend, shortly after 7 o'clock hi the morning. He took a room in the hotel which commands the station, and having forced himself^ to eat, .drank three or four glasses of brandy and water, and so betook himself to bed and to sleep. In pursuance of the orders he had given he was aroused in time to dress, breakfast, and catch the train. The platform was full of hurrying figures and a yellow fog blurred the lights. He had taken a first-class passage, resolving to enter on a severe economy when once safely landed on the Continent, but at the same time reckless in his expenditure of his narrow funds. He was slow in mounting the carriage steps and was rather roughly hustled by a burly and excited passenger who pressed up behind him with a portmanteau and a great bale of rugs [and overcoat, determined to secure a corner seat. The whistle sounded, there was a slamming of doors, and at the very instant when the tram began to jmove^ a late traveller stepped into the carriage and took his seat opposite Hetheridge, who for the moment paid no heed to him. His eyes, indeed, were occupied in searching the platform for an altogether problematical pursuer, and when he turned his gaze within the carriage the train was already in motion, the light was flickering, and the! filthy yellow oU washing to and fro in its glass basin, so that he had no opportunity of recognising his vis-a-vis. He had purchased a rug at the bookstall of the station, and wrapping this about him he leaned back in his seat, folded his hands, and closed his eyes hi the hope of passing an hour or two hi slumber. His nigiit's rest, despite his potations, had been broken and of almost no value to him, and he began to feel that if he were to continue his journey without incurring a relapse he must husband all his resources. For a while his thoughts dragged at him, haling him hither and thither, but at last his fatigue told. The rumble, rumble of the wheels began to sink and rise upon his ear with a measured music, and he fell into a dose. The clear early dawn was bright when he awoke, and looking up he saw bis phantom hi the flesh again, gazing straight through him as if with eyes that saw within him and beyond him. George Redwood had fulfilled his commission in London and was travelling back to bis em ployment at JAege. Chapee yxyt. The train stopped at Dover Town and the collectors bustled from carriage to carriage. A stentor on the platform bellowed, ' All tickets ready, please,' and a smart official presented himself with a smiling tiptoe alacrity at the door of the carriage. 'Tickets, gentlemen, if you please.' The carriage had four occupants. Three tickets were immediately tsndered, but the bearded man with the blue glasses made no motion or sign of motion. ' Ticket, if yon please, sir,' said the official tapping nirn on the shoulder. 'Quick, sir, if you please, the train's five minutes behind time already.' Hetheridge looked up mechanically as the hand touched his shoulder, but made no further motion. 'Come, come, sir,3' cried the collector. 'You're keeping the train waiting.'. The guard sounded a warning whistle and the train began to move on again. The collector entered the carriage, closed the door behind him, and took his seat with a little air of impatience and injury. 'Now will you let me have that ticket, if you please, sir?' Hetheridge began to fumble pain fully with his rug, then with the button of his overcoat. Finally he found the ticket just as the train was slackening ite pace at the pier. The collector looked at it with suspicion, punched it carefully, and sprang from the car riage before the train had well come to a stand stilL The two passengers nearest to the door dashed out hurriedly, and Redwood was in the act of following when we looked back and saw the bearded man sitting helpless behind his blue goggles, evincing no disposition to move. George had seen the ticket in the collector's hands and knew that this helpless fellow pas senger was bound for Antwerp. It seemed un manly to leave the poor old fellow there, bat time was pressing. ' You are going to Antwerp,' he said, taking him by the arm and in his hurry scmewhat roughly assisting him to rise. 'You must come with me.' ]He snatched up the old man's rug and threw it over his own arm, seized a little black bag which lay upon the seat, thrust a thick walking stick into the trembling hand and half led, half drew him to the platform. Porters were rushing to and fro, passengers thronged on the boat, the gangways, and the pier, ~a hoarse humming from the engine pipes set the funnels of the steamer ringing and filled the air with a deep murmur. There was a boisterous wind, and the sea was washing against the wall of the pier with a promise of heavy weather outside, but the wintry morning sky was resplendent and the sun flamed like some imaginable jewel. Guiding and supporting his companion's tottering steps, George passed down the gang way and along the deck, surrendered the rug and the small black handbag to the owner, and then sought a place hi which to bestow himself and his personal impedimenta. The warning whistle shrieked, the gangway was withdrawn, the paddles made their first revolution, aud the boat heaved freely to the motion of the water. Redwood had found a place for his rugs and travelling bag, and had started on a brisk promenade up and down the deck, when he saw the late protege clinging to the deck railing with his belongings about his feet and staring in his direction in a manner which looked altogether fatuous and absurd. He called a steward. 'Just look after that old gentleman,' he said, indicating Hetheridge. ' He seems to be altogether helpless and bewildered.' ' I'll see to him, sir,' the man responded, and at once crossed over. He helped Hethe ridge to a seat, having first tucked him tightly about his waist, gave him his black bag and his walking-stick ; and having surveyed him enquiringly with his head on one side as if asking where a finishing touch could be pub in with advantage, decided suddenly that the work was complete and departed abruptly. Redwood tramped up and down the deck, setting his blood in brisk circulation and filling his lungs with the revivifying salt sea air. Every now and then he cost a glance at the queer old bearded .figure in the blue goggles, and by-and-by he began to be uncomfortably aware of the fact that the man's eyes were fixed upon him and that they followed him as if^with intent watchfulnessiin his march to and fro. At every turn he made at the extremity of his brief promenade he found the face turned towards him. As he moved, this apparently unreasoning watcher's head turned as if upon a pivot, and when next Redwood faced him he met the stare of the blue goggles full in his face. - Redwood was profoundly unhappy, but he was young and was cot yet beyond a smile for anything which looked ludicrous or comical The bunched up old figure was almost farcical in aspect, and more than once when his back was turned upon him Redwood's features creaeed into a smile. Thetime went on and the stranger's ceaseless inspection grew embarrassing. When he had endured 'itfor a full hour Redwood drew up brusquely before him and returned his look. The man's eyes, dimly seen behind the darkening glass, met his, unwinking and unwavering, but the shaky hands were clasped together, and the figure sank back as if in fear of him. Redwood resumed his promenade, hopeful that the wordless hint he had given would be accepted, but the unrelenting watch continue! as before. ??' * He marched for a further quarter of an hour in a growing irritation, and pausing a second time before his watcher accosted him. 'Have you any doubt,' he asked, 'a3 (a my identity?' The man crouched before him in au obvious terror. His face, pale enough already, grew paler still ; his lips fumbled for a word and his features twitched spasmodically. Redwood stared at him in astonishment, not unmixed with that kind of shrinking fear with some people always experience in the contemplation of an intellect unbalanced. ' I know you,' said the man at last in * horror-stricken moan, ' I know you.' Redwood had been on the edge of moving' away when these words were spoken. ' Are you sure of that?5 he asked, with a touch of pity and repugnance. He had quite made up his mind by this time that the man's mind was deranged. His whole aspect and manner favored that conclusion. 'Sure,' groaned Hetheridge in a voice oE such mortal agony that Redwood quivered without knowing why, ' yes, I am sure.' 'Tell me who I am,' said Redwood, no& unkindly. A quivering spasm passed over Hethe ridge's and again his lips fumbled for an ; answer. 'Tell me who I am,' Redwood repeated slowly and distinctly in the tone one uses to a foreigner or a child when seeking to convey something not easily understood. To his in tense amazement the twitching lips pronounced his name in a husky moan only just audible. 'George Redwood.' /To be conlmueS,.) 