I SUPERSTITION REGARDING GEMS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir,- As the article headed " The tone of HI luck," reprinted from an American paper, which appeared in your issue of Saturday last, contains one or two inaccuracies which are patent to those acquainted with the gem trade, but which, if left uncorrected, might help, however sightly, to revive the silly prejudice against opals, which existed to a large extent some years ago, I beg leave to correct the statements referred to. 'the writer says - Many opals are presented by the hand of royalty, it is said, for Queen V clothing, having In mind to stem the tide of popular prejudice eyeing! the beautiful Stone, lins chosen it often To cry of to her friends and relatives, and many) handsome opal brooches and rulES and punctures lie idle in the jewel cases of those near Her Majesty, except when their owner's are immediately under the Royal c) c It is very evident that he does not often read the fashion notes in the London society journals, nor the reports therein upon weddings in high society, or he would be aware of the fact that opals are becoming more admore fashionable, and are frequently given as wedding presents 'Ihuttlns beautiful gem was for some years out of fashion as an article of jewellery on account of a superstitious times is perfectly true, but it is well known that within the last three or four years the superstition has been fast dying out, and it is very probably largely due to the action of Her Majesty Queen Victoria and other Royal personages in adopting the opal is a favourite game is may) be also that people nowadays do not pay so much attention to ghost stories us in days gone by), or perhaps it is that omnipotent fashion (which, like history, repeats itself) has decreed in favour of opal, but the fact remains that the harlequin gem is at the present moment one of the most fashionable stones in the lund, on the Continent, and in America. As for our American cousins to their credit be it stud-the) never did adopt the silly notion to the extent known some years ago in England, in fact, the Auieneuiis have for many years been buyers and wearers of opal The writer also says with apparent author lity-that a prominent how far It jeweller states that he has not an opal in his place, and that they wish. I mining clown in value, &c; Surely) he must be writing upon into nation received some june ago, it not, then he must have been misinformed, for it is hardly likely that any "prominent ' New York jeweller would make such a statement, seeing that the amount of opal now being sent to America is larger than ever Anyone taking the trouble to peruse the ji welles' trade journals published in the United States will see that the opal is prominent!) mentioned, as is also the turquoise-anolhei Australian gem in regard to theniuiketvtilue of opal, it must be borne in mind that the home market was gas in (1 some 12 months since with a lot of inferior stones, the mine owners making the mistake of supposing that all opal was valuable. This is not so, for although 1913 of opal can be found in various parts of Aub truths the quantity of ' precious' opal is limited, and may be reckoned Hillier by the ounce tins glutting of the market did slightly lower the mark t v value of opal, but since then it has more than recovered its price. 'the article referred to also states the sad case of a Brookl) a merchant, of whom it is record! d that, failing in business, he laid the blame on the stone which he wore in his ring, and therefore took a hammer and smashed into a thousand pieces It would be interesting to know what wine this bruni) individuals religious convictions which could allow him to relieve an inanimate object capable of influencing his hear good or evil'' What a happy thought this for some of our erring bank directors ! They they could claim that the collapse of then particular institution was due to the fact that they had been wearing an unlucky) stone, rather than the dividends had been paid out of capital ' 'The man) unions beliefs connected with gems in olden times are too numerous even to mention in the space of a newspaper letter. According to Mr. Jones, KB A in his History and Mestayer precious stones, the opal was supposed to confer the gift of invisibility on the wearer, and so far from being considered unlucky in the middle ages, it was believed to possess united the special virtue of ever) gem with whose distinctive colour it was emblazoned, so that it remained for a more enlightened age to invest the beautiful opal-the only gem which cannot be imitated with a silly) superstition which, strangely) enough, was utterly opposed to that attached to it during the middle ages. But it must be admitted that these foolish fancies are fast dying out amongst people of ordinary intelligence, and have come to be regarded as worthy only of a heathen who dreads the vengeance of a wooden cod. Yours, c, i.A.N Oct. 17. ' 