THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. tiui Ghaham Reiiky is not going to stand by his old love in Geelong. The people there have invited bin] to contest that constituency, awl so have t hepeople of liast Dourke begged him-to come to litem, llanny Sir Griluuu. He prefers the latter ; and lie is wise. He remembers the touchand-go struggles of oH times. They were altogether too fierce for a man of seventy. He knows Unit he would have to fight again ; and lie hasn't a stomach for it. So when the deputation from Hast Uourke came to him and said all the kind tilings they tUd say- Why, Graham said " Yes," Like a bashful miss, .And he looked like a lover inclined to kiss. And so the word if order stands thus—Ks'd Pearson—enter Berry. .And at Geelong it is— Kri/ Jlimvii; anil, perlmps. enter Dr. Deane. Hut 1 !•<• light has to come first. The Geelong people have determined to give i\lr. Muiiro a proper sort of send-off. 'I'hat is well. The Melbourne people have treated him with a go,.d ileal of harshness They even threatened to send him homo with hostile resolutions ringing in his ears. 'J'lie.v won't do that, now; hut there is no cordiality toward the. Premier m any circle in Melbourne, outside his immediate friends. It is therefore pleasant that Geelong is going to do the propel-thing and/do Jamie before, he gangs an a'. One thing is quite certain, and this is, that however much 'the Premier may have mistaken his way, he has done everything in good faith and honesty of purpose. Mr. Munro has been very unfortunate in hie political course. He has offended the Conservative Hide by his pronounced Liberalism, and he has Offended the Labour Party by his sturdy defiance of the demagogues of the street, and by his omission to forecast the want of employment. His successor is an unknown ijnantity. Mr. Ship's may be. anything, or nothing. Most people are inclined to credit him with a pro- >T.-imme of wind. He limy disappoint everybody. p>ui the, )„, niay come down with a most elaborate proposal to do everything, without being able to do anything. Deakin says:-" Take my tip for it, Graham lierrv will be in office ill three months. \- Think so, Deakin ?" Yes." " Whv ?" , ,, .. •• Shiels can't live a day after the new Parliament meets. Kerry will'bu tlx- m;in." f •• Hut, what, about Shiels' programme r" ••it will b(! a most clever and elaborate piece „f inipraeticnbility. A good sort of sounding board 1o die on—nothing else.'' " lint why should not thecountry take Mnels . " I can't see a ghost of a chance of it. No programme can sa"ve him, though he is a very clever man." AY ill Deakin join Kerry in the next Ministry ? He won't Alfred is a little bluse m politics, llo has had a wonderful career. He has been more luckv and more distinguished than any other m jHti'-ian who ever entered the Victorian Assembly. He has been three parts of his time, since veiling into Parliament, in a Ministerial T»Y»t "No other nviu in politics can show an eou-il record. He is a little tired of good fortune. He has sacrificed to politics a splendid career at tlie War lie. wants now to turn to the wig and silk irovvu, and see if there are any other worlds to conquer. ]Jy-and-bye he will be heard of again in politics;, but not just yet. It is said that Deakin will have to fight for his seat at Klemington—and a hard battle at that. Well Alfred mii fight when fighting is wanted; but a'.'reat portion of his success iu politics has come to hiiu on account of his great capacity tor savin- smooth things at the right time. No man know? better than our Alfred how many more Hi-s are caught with honey than with vinegar. " G s l h t Not that Deakin is a political spider, who lives onVit'-bin" Hies. Par from it. Heisamanwith •I very Ion"' head in a very short compass. He makes you wonder when you look at his cranium where lie keeps all the stores of wit and wisdom he. has there. The country may consent to give Alfred a lv.st. It cannot alford to lose him. \s for poor Gillies, one begins to pity him, bad as'he has been. He certainly had a long bad ruiirn—1L l-eign full of dire disaster to the people —full of mischief and demoralisation to public life Hut he triumphed so well in the midst of his misdoings that men began to think political ju.ruling was a good investment. The bubble burst, a~nd then— whure was Gillies ? He stood in the House "on his trial." The House "ive the verdict against him. In tlie countrv^tbe same verdict was given still more emphatically. Aad every month,as it went past, saw him lower and lower in the scale of papular estimation, until to-day he stands abandoned by •ill The Conservatives scorn him, and the 'Liberals bate him, and everybody is ready to vote against him. Such is the end of a career of rare and clever selfishness. Hut the questions most asked are—What is the Labour Party n-tv doing doing ? . —- And what - is the National Association doing to check the Labour? The 