THE OTHER MAN'S WIFE. By JOHN STHANGE WINTER. Author of Beautiful Jim, Dima Ivrgt tt tootles' Bnba, iivlion *, -1t. CHAPTER VI— Continual. OLD FIUKNDP. Tlmy were siltini; thru oti on old fashioned, wido-seaiod Kofn,and Crummies was resting himsi If in :- very majestic way against his mistress's feet. Ami for u lung lime (lie two went on talking of the old days, a conremut'wu of uiu'iise JntcreM to them both, but one consisting chii-fly of «Du yon rememher V or 4 Have you for gotten V , 1 Ah — what lowly limes tbey wer«« !' ehe criod with a sigh, as she flung herself back iu the rorniT of tho boI'u — 'lovely times. Oh !' Jxck, what u pity it is iliut we ever grew np.' t'ttck Irevor lonfcpii aside nt hpr and twisted himself round h little as he but. 1 Why, Edict, yon don'f menu lo sny you wonld like to go hock io tbe Cliil'e and Blenkharopton again ?' he cried. 'Ah ! wonld 1 not?* she answered. 'I do go home sometimes, yon kuow, but that )6 not the ^nie nl nil.' 'But yon nre happy— yon hnvc a good time ?' lie asked unxionsly. ' Oh ! so — so/ she replied. 1 ISM jou nre not wuhuppy, surely ?' he cried in dismay. ' You mistook me,* returned Mrs. Benuis, pulling herst-lf toother with on effort. * I don't want yoa to un'hwfanrf that I am unhappy; and I suppose I get o very good time, if yon cull going out in society hating a good timo. But — hnt I think 1 was oier-educated, and they did not begin as they meant to go on, which was a pily. They began with my fut bur's idea of education— outdoor exorcise, riding, hooting, fishing, climbing trees, a regular farmyard sort of life; nnd, then after yon vent away from the Palace, they changed all thnt. I had two governesses, ami they taught tne how lo he ladylike. I was not allowed to ride much for fear of making me crooked ; I was not allowed to walk without a parasol for fear of spoiling my complexion; and I hud to take care of my liood^ mid to do this, that, and the other, until 1 bated my life and wished many u twit* thnt J had never been bom. Per Imps ii I had married a man who would have encouraged me to ride and drive and play tennis, I might have forgotten nil the horrible process of my education. But Major Dennis h.-.tes mnsculini' women, and n'ver lets me get on a horse or have the reius in my I and?. * My poor lluJe friend,' mid Jack, taking the hand nearest to him in his own ami holding it tenderly. 'All this must be so bad of you/ 4 Yes,' hopelessly. 4 1 might have got my nerve back and been quite my old self a^ain by this litnr*. Bui ;ih it is — well, among them they have kill* d my nerve; and — ant! — i think tbey have broken my heart, too.' ' * My poor little friend,' repeated Jack softly. She snatched her hand away. * No, do not pity me,' she cried, with a half hys terical laugh. ' I cannot bear that, any thing 1ml that. 1 ought not to have told yon. X assure you, Jack, I uever tell anybody. We were four y-»ars with the oM regiment, and not one of them knew I had ever been on a horse iu my life.' ' You don't mean it* ' Oh ! yes — bnt there, do not let ns talk uf it again — it is not worth it. It all corncs of over-educating me. J think X had not brains enough to stand it.' * And your huobaud, Ethel, is he — is lie- — You are happy in jour marriage?' 4Oh! wu g«-t along very 'well. My mother thinks it a gmii piiy now that 1 litarriid so young. Yon e, when we wore married, Major Dennis was next io the Ff--ih- nghft»] title; and (wo years aud a-hulf ago old Lady Frothingham died and the old lord married again at once — within three months, or something like ihntt It would not have mattered so much only they have got twin boys a year old now, so the chances of my husband ever being Lord Frothinghuiu are exceed ingly small.' * But you do uot care V * Not in the least. I think I prefer io be us I aiu. But my mother took the marriage as a great trouble, nnd the twins almost proved her death. Major Dennis whs disappointed. Yon see he had looked upon himself so long and had been looked nppn by others as tbe next Lord Frothiug liHtD, and he i'eeis dreadfully aggrieved about il.' 4 1 can tmrferstniui that.' * And Lord Froihingham added insult to injury by »skin^ him to l»o godfather to the heir, just to show their was no il!f«'i»I ing. . Aud he was so uugry, I dared not Jangh.' * And he was angry V 1 Oh 1 horribly — awiully angry.' 1 And i do not wonder/ laughed Jack, 'It t-w.MU6 to me that it cannot really make much difference, hnt .1 can nudei-Mtand his beiug angry about it. lly-lhe»hye, I wonder if we could not talk the Major over into letting ywi ride again.' Etlrel si ailed nptn positive alarm. 'Oh ! no, du not ivy, do not think of it for an itifitout. Ho nuVfj; -wouM ; aud— aud he would be pure to res nt your asking such a thing, or *-«en hinting ui it. Promise nio' joii wonhl noi snag, si anything i)f thflkind} promisiMiie, J..ck. H*-r iuiie w'jis ho agoniml, her pntrealy *u mgt-iit, thnt Jack turned md looked at lu rciuM'ly; M*ay, Ethel,* [w said slowly, tara yon id of your biihluitnl ?' 8l»i» lo^kfd from m,i,- to fide and tried to laugh th(' -|UUi-tiun olf. 4 It is not exactly that, Jack/ she said, 'only ho ii* a great deal older than us, von koow, ziiui has jhikimisi' idfrt (4 hi.' rank and all tluit. Aud I know he woulJ not like it. And— and it is so au-[ully jolly for me trt have y*-u to talk to again, I sljonl-1 not like you to do anything to vex him. - 1 And when did yon say oirfnlh; jolly j l:isl, [ wonder?' said Jack, Moiling. I 'Never since you went away from the Palace/ answered the Mnjoi's wi e promptly ami laughing quite gnily. J(!-t tlii'ii tJtc door opened nnd fli(J Major entered the ruuiu. The hu.yh died away from Ethel's f.«ce, Crnmudes lifted his lip and shr-wed hi? tioth iu a dumb j snarl, nnd Jack Tre»or at once got on to I his feet. * Then you found your way down here, Trevor?' said the burly Major, in a *ery i aifnb]c lone. 'I did, sir; soon as you were good enough lo give me leave to come, I lost no time in coming. ' And how do you think my wile's looking T ' Mrs. Dennis has grown up since I last saw her, hut 1 should have known her uuywhere/ Jack answered. 4 That is alright. Well, yon must comc down and see her when you like. Come and dine to-morrow night — 8 o'clock. ' I shall be delighted, sir/ said Jack. But us he walked away along the tfnict Iillie street the question came to him — ? Why -!id hi? ask me, and why wa6 she so bUrpri.icJ that he did so ?' CHAPTER VII. A GHOST OF THE TAST. When anything remains lo he explained, ra-b*r confess ignorance than offer au explana tion which i-spiaiua nothing. The hut which hfld been occupied by Major Lawrence happened (o he a particu larly good one, aud Major Dennis set &h;»»l having it well cleaned and dccoratcd at once. 4 My wife has a fancy to live in camp/ he explained to Jack, 4 and as we shall he here for nearly two years vie may as well have it made as comlortable as possible. We have had furnished honses before, bnt there does not seem to be any decent ones in Cheilsey, and I delest living in an hotel ; one never knows how one may be annoyrd or who is staying in the honse.' * Oli, it is mnch more comfortable in camp, sir/ snid Jack, who had not been long enoQgh in the service to hate a bar rack ; 4 it is so much handier in every way; and the Majors hut is such an exception ally good one, and the garden quite a Jiltle paradise. Major Lawrence took iiiGniti* pains with it.' ' Yes, nnd inj wife is fond of a hif of a garden/ Major Donnis replied. 4 So 1 atn baviug the place papered and pau.tei and made as comfortable as pts-dlde, and you must help my wife 10 get settled. 1 am told that yovi arc a great Ltmd at any thing of that sort.1 ? W» -II, sir I do try lo make myself use fill sometimes/ returned J;ick modentle. 4 i have been helping Mrs. Stmtton— 4 Oh, yes. Bhe showed us heriumimiv/ said the Major, taking thu words onl of Jack's mouth; 4 and though Mrs. Dennis ! will not exactly want yon to do tlmt sort of thing, I daresay she will be very pleased if yon will advise her about one or two little things — her pictures, and plants, and so on.' 4 1 shall only be too delighted, sir/ said Jack in al) pood faith. 1 I am really out of all that tort of thing/ the Major continued, with an air of great good humour; and when I wet into any kind of a shop, except it is a | saddler's or a boot shop, I always feoJ like the proverbial bull among the chiua. I daresay I look like it, to — ha, ha.' He walked away laughing heartily, aud Jack Trevor stood looking cnrioiiBly after him. , * Well, yoo are a qm*er fish, npon niy I word you are. And to think you married | my little friend, Ethel Mordaimt ! poor little soul, mi Wonder she looks so iniser : able e»ery now and then ;.ml talks about I BUukhamptoij and thu Cliffc as if the old I days were paradi.;e.' Then he, too, turned on his heel and went ahont his own business, which at that moment happened to be som-tbing con cerning one of hi* horses. While he was talking to the groom, Monty Carlton passed the door, and seeing him came in, and, as men do, they looked a) the sleek satin-coated horses together. ! * You have heard the news/ said Carlton I as tbpj walkft) towards the m ss room. j 'No; 1 have heard nothing except that I the Dennises are going to live in camp/ Jack answer^ 4 Oli, I have heard that too. Yon knew her when she was a child, did yon not ?' 4 Yes.' 4 What did she marry him for ?' I 4 Oh I I fane? she had not mttch choice ubijut it,' Jack said carelessly. 1 Her mother was the sort of woman who docs not give anyone within her range too much rope. As a little girl, Mrs. Dennis was let to go her own wny pretty much, hnt as a young lady 1 believe she had thu devil's own lime. You see, the title weighed a ; good deal with her.' 4 With*the mother, I suppose?' 4 Of course.' ' IPui ! Wlwt an odd thing it is that titles do weigh so heavily with women as they do. I should have ihoiight thai all the titles iin-ler the sun would nevor ban L'ilded a bhitaiU brnie like tlml, let alone H*h being only a till* in prospecii«e,' 4 Yos. It is rough mi her anyway/ said Jack, with h sigh. 4 By-ihe^bye, what was your jjew* ? Oraddock is going to lie worried. * Oraddock — yna do tioi say so ! And i* h« vnim- to arry ?' 'Angela Drnminotul/ said Carlton look ing straight in front of him. * An — gel« — Drmn — niond ! Non sense,' cried Jack. 1 Nonsense or no nonsense, it is true,' Carlton asserted positively. ' I hud il from Crnddock himself this morning.' ' And what did you siy to him 7' 4 1 said he was an ass— or something like it. And then, of course, I had to apologise and say that I did not mean anything personal, only that I thought it a pity titat soldiers should marry at all until thev arc out of the service.' ' And old Craddock, what did he say ?' ' Oh, he laughed — said I was a jolly old cock that had gone wrong altogether, and would never be (tetter till Pd fallen in love myself. In love — ME? Ugh— just think of il,' he ended, iu ineffable disgust. Jack Jflnt'hed alond. 4 My dear oJdchap, I can't itmigine any woman ever giving yt u a chance of knowing her well enoi'gh to he in love with her.' ' They'd give me the « hance fast enough, no fi-ar,' said Carllon grindy. 'lee. I daresay they would. Bnt, Monty, old chap/ laughed Jack, ' you may tnke my word for this, you'll go on for a lime well enough, and then one of these fine days you'll get bitten before you know nhere yon are ; aud oh ! by Jove, won't yon have it bad, no mistake about ii.' 4 Yes, my friend/ returned Carlton bb they reached the door of the messroom, 4 when I do have it, I shall hnve it badly. Yon are quite right about that — quite right.* Wei), abont two hours after this, Jack Trevor waB walking briskly along the narrow High-street in which the principal shops of Chertsey may ho found, when hi* literally ran apainst Mrs. Dennis, who came out of a shop attended only by the majestic Crummies. ' My dear Ethel, I ask a thousand pnrdor.B,' he cried. 4 I had no idea thnt you or anyone else was coming out of that shop; J didn't hurt yon, did 1?' 1 Not a hit, Jack/ she said, laughing. 4 Ai-d if you had it wouldn't have been your fault. Where are yon going?' 4 With you, if I may/ lie answered pn tnptly. 4 Oh ! yes, imbed yon may ? I am {. oing to the florist's, and then to a sweet little shop where they have odds and ends, to make my drawing-room look pretty/ 4 The Major tells me lhat you are going lo he ircmeudous-ly grand in your new quarters/ Jack said us iliey walked along together. . 4 Oh J I doii'l think so. J have chosen very cheap, simple furniture ; and we were oMiged to have the hut papered and painted. I cannot think/ she went on woi.d'-mgly, 'why G'smo wanted to live ia camp. He hu* always s.-t his fare against anything of the kind hefort — has a! -ays insisted on ha\ing a furnished hou-o.' ^ * But he could nut get one in Chertsey.' 4 Oh 1 yes — there is a nice little house to let : Imi ivonld not hear of it. He s.ivs I shall enjoy camp life — and so 1 dare-ay 1 shall,' 6he added, smiling. ' i think it will he gforions to have yon in camp.' Jack declared. 4 And do you know, Elhal, I do think it is so awtnlly good of the Major lo be so ojien and jolly aboat our old friendship. Some men in his place might have said, * Oh] I'm not going to have any old playfellows hanging around; and that would have made just a 11 f he difference in our friendship, wouldn't it?' 4 Yes, that is so/ Mvs. Dennis assented. It must he owned that J;.ck Trevor took full advantage ol the Major's permission that he should make himself useful to Mrs. D- nnie; he went with her that afternoon from one shop lo another, helped her in her choice of various things, carried her smaller parcels, those at least that she wished to take with her, and finally es corted her back to the hotel, and grate fully accepted her offer of a cup of tea. And over that cup of tea and a plate of hot buttered muffins, they had adelightl'nl half-liont's chat before anyone came to dis J»rl- ihum — half an hour during which Crnmmlc6 sat on the sofa (reside his mis tress, and Jack look charge of the tea tray and ministered to her comfort. They went back to old limes, of course, nnd Ethel took off her sailor hat and flung it down as gaily and carelessly as ever she had floug her hat down on the bank of tlm river which ran at the bottom of the Cliffo gardens. But no time, however delightful, lasts for ever. The half-honr came to an end, and visitors were shown in — Mr. and Mrs. Stratton. Mrs. Dennis jnmped up, op setting Crummies in her haste, and Jack got on to his feet likewise, and then theio followed a few minutes of somewhat formal conversation, which in tnrn was interrupted hy the entrance of Major Dennis himself* lift gave the titrations a very loud wel come with that kind of manner which had had made Carlton describe him as blatant, and Jack Trevor somehow became im pressed with an idea lhat he was annoyed to find anyone there, and was wishing them all ul perdition. His words, how ever, contradicted this. * It is so gooii of yon to come to see my wife/ he said to Mrs. Stratton. ' Elbe!, have you no tea ?' * ] havrt ordered some fresh lea ; what we had here was almost cold,' she answer ed, then looked ai him in an anxions way, and presently Jack heurd her whisper, ' Is anything the matter ? Are you not well ?' 4 Oh, yes — yes,' he replied, impatiently. 4 1)« nol worry me; .1 am all. right' Yet presently, when luck carried him a cu^of lea, he noticed . that his hand was trembling, and that he set it on the corner of the chimney- shelf, wjiere he left it un tudted. He kept on talking, however, fast aii'l loud, until the Sjlfaltons had betaken themselves away. Then Mrs. Dennis's -aiuie'y would be restrained no longer. - . 4 C--*ni-t, I am sure something is the inulu'/ she &uid.; 1 ' Not at all,' he answered ; 4 but the fact uftp, t saw — I saw something that turned me completely over — ihiit was all. 4 Any nccident ?' she asked. 4 Ho — a ghost P he answered. ' Cosmo !' she cried. Major Donnis began to laugh noi6ely. 4 There, I did nol quite mean lhat.; bul l did see a woman so like a woman I knew years ago, thai— well, it gave mo a turn.' 4 And was she dead ?' 'The wornon 1 saw in the street just now waB alive enough — that is to all out ward appearances. The woman I knew years ago— I do nol know whether she is alive or dead.' 4 Perhaps it was the same woman.' ( Perhaps, bnt I think not. I- ? ' and then a violent shiver look possession of him, and the sentence remained nuiinished. 4 Cosmo, you are ill/ Mrs. Dennis cried. 4 1 am sore of it.' 4 Oh ! no — but ? * 4 Have a strong brandy and soda, sir,' suggested Jack, who had jumped at once to the conclusion that the Major had unex pectedly fallen in with on old love, whose presence might prove to be exceedingly awkward for him. 'Yes ring the hell, will yon, please?' said the Major, with an air of relief ; then turned round to his wife. 4 X hope I didn't frighten yon, Ethel, bnt I was re minded suddenly of a most horrible episode iu my life, and — and it turned me over a bit.' His tone hronght something very like tears inlo Mrs. Dennis's eyes. 4 What was it 7 ' she asked, in a shaking voice. 4 Well, I was spending a long leave abroad ; on the Riviera, to be particular. It was a deuce of a while ago. I was only about two-nnd-tweuty, in fact. And one day 1 was with some people when the conversation turned on fortune-telling. I happened to say I didn't believe in it — J didn't — I don't now, it's all tbe most utter nit imaginable. However, a yonng lady of the party asked tne to show her my hand and said that she would tell me my fortune, and that whether I believed il cr noL it would come true all the 6ame.' . 4 And whai did 6he tell you ? ' Ethel asked. ' That I had the devil's own temper for one thing,' he answered shortly, 4 wjiich was trne enough.' 4 But there's nothing very wonderful in her telling you lhat/ cried the wise won-faringly, ihinkin^ lhat a woman who coohln't see that would indeed be a poor hand at fortune-telling. 1 8he told me a lot more, and the last tiling was lhat 1 should die by tho bund of a woman before I was fifty.' - 4 Cosmo !' Ethel cried. ♦ And you saw thnt woman lo-day ?' 'Or someone very much like her/ the Major replied. 4 And, silly as it may seem, I would rather have seen the Devil himself.' He tossed off the brandy and soda which the waiter brought him and de clared himself better. 4 1 fell like au ass now. 1 wish I had not told you,' he said, with a glance at his wife's scared face. 4 1 daresay it wasn't the woman at all, only someone a bit like her. I'll trust yon, Trevor, not to say a word about it.' CHAPTER VIII. A PLATONIC FRIENDSHIP. The road of love is that which has d° beginning nor end. Take heed to thyself, man, ere thou place foot on it. 4 Jack/ said Carlton a few days after wards, 4 come and sit by me ; I bave got something to tell yon. The officers were all streaming into the messroom for luncheon, and Jack Trevor took his seat beside Carllon, smiling al ready in anticipation of something good to come. ' What is it, Monty ?' he asked. * Dennis 6aid to Jervis yesterday (nam ing the two majors), yoo are an ass.' 'Dennis,' said Jervis, 'you are drunk. 'Y-s, 1 know 1 am; but I shall not be drnnk to-morrow, and yoo will Always be j a fool, Jervis/ answered Denuis. I Tievor burst out laughing. 'Did yon ' hear that yourself ? 4 Yes, I heard it from Qnin.' I ' Bnt yon did tiot hear Dennis and Jervis ? ! ' Well, no, I did not; but it has a great 1 air of probability abont it,' Carlton said, 'Oh ! It lb a good 6tory, 1 will allow/ Trevor returned with a laugh. ' By-the-hye, I atit going orer to High flight to-duy to see a marc Hutton has for sale. Wilt you go with me ? said Carlton. ' Why does Huttou want to sell her?' Jack asked. * Not quite np to his weight/ Carlton enswt-rcd carelessly. ' He has put on flesh awfully the last six months, hut lie says the mare is jnet as clever as daylight and as handsome as paint. 'The usual thing,' Jack laughed. 4 IVell, I am going to have a look nt her, anyway. Will you go or not ?' said Carlton decidedly. ' This afternoon ?' 4 Yes, I am going over directly after lunch. 'Well, 1 am awfully sorry, old chop. 1 I should have liked io go immensely, but 1 c.'iimot to day, 4 Why not ?' 4 Because I hove promised to go some where else/ said .lack mtldly. tJgh ! Where ?' grouted Carlton. 4 1 am going to Mrs. Dennis. Hhe has got an aflernor.n ou. Did not she a*k you ? ''Oh, yes, she asked me right -»uough* hnt 1 have got more sense jJian to gn to what is euphoniously called 4 an afternoon' in a stuffy hut with fifteen women all wanting tea and only two driveling idiots of uien to giv© it to them. * Whal au old hear you are, cried Jock with a gay laugh. 4 Yes, 1 know ; but I would rather he a bear than a cui's-p».w any. da?/ the other growled. ' You iook out what you ore doing, my friend. I have seen n t»ood mauy of these tremendous friemMiips ; between subalterns and field- officers wives ( before, but I uevcr knew one lhat did uot cotnc to n bad end sooner or later. 4 Oh, pooh. Monty, old man, you ore sane enough on some points, hul yon arc as wad as « March hare on certain others, and on women you are maddest of all. 4 Yon mark my words/ Carllon per sisted ; 'and when anything happens don't forget (hul I warned you.' 4 All right/ carelessly. ' Only I wish I was as 6»re of the. command, of the Fifteenth as I am that nnihing of that sort will happen at alJ. Why, can alive, Mrs. Denuis and I were childreu together, babies almost. I've known her all my life; we couldn't get up an 4 affair ' if we tried, aud I'm 6u re we shall not try.' 4 H'm— of course not — of course not 4. they never do. Pve seen plenty of that sort of thing/ returned Carlton gloomily. Jack Trevor, however, being a yenng uinn of decided views, not to say exceedingly strong-willed, was not to be growled ont of his friendship -with the Major's wife. Indeed if it had effect of any kind, Carlton's opposition only fanned the flame and made him the more determined to see as much of bis old playfellow as tho- circumstances of their liies permitted. And it must be admitted from the very beginning that tbe circumstances of their lives allowed of a good deal of intercourse, Jack very Boon found that Major Lieunis did not in the smallest degree permit the faci of his wife's existence to hamper bis movements. Within the'boundariesof her own hut Mrs. Dennis was apparently su preme ; that is to say, she asked whom she choose there, she went out when she liked, and came in 10 suit her own pleosurc. She had her own carriages, a neat single broug ham and a very smart Vidoria, and very seldom indeed was Major Dennis to be -seen in either of them. But outside their hnt Major Dennis seemed to consider that his wife had uo claim upon him whatever — he frequently went np to London, bnt, heyond telegraph jug his address to the orderly room, he did not o.'ten trouble to communicate with his wile during his absences. ' The Major gone lo London again/ re marked Jucfc Trevor one day, in accents of involuntary surprise; ? but — hut how is it yuu are not going, Ethel ? Don't you like London ? 'Y-f, I ain very fond of London, lint Cosmo d*d nut .suggest my going — and — 1 like Cherlcey ve^y much.' 4 \\\ ell, I datvsjiy K. , Udell i* a hit h*tl and dusty at this limu of the ye»r/ Jack i rejoiued, feeling thai he hud troddtn oti j what must be painml ground to her. '?And, after all, Chertsey is nol half bad, is it? Suppose we go down to the lt^cre ation Gionnd and watch the people; the band is playing you know.' 4 Oh ! 1 should like it immensely,' she cried, brightening up in a moment. 'Sholi we walk down ? ' Just as you like. I will go and get out of my paint, and come back for yon, eh?' ' Yes, that will be quite charming.' Therefore, siboulhal)' an hour afterwards, Mr. Montagu Carlton, who was smoking a last pipe before going out somewhere, had the gratification of seeing his great friend and chum, Jack Trevor, faultlessly arrayed iu an exceedingly light suit, a white hat, flower in his button-hole, aud a generally jaunty air of enjoyment about his old bearing; go across the open space between the officers' quarters and the married officers' huts and open the litt'e gate which led into Mrs. Dennis's tiny garden. Then after a few minutes he saw them come out together and go happily off in the direction of the gates. (7%- be continued.) The funeral anthem sung at Lord Tennyson's funeral was his poem, 'Cros- sing lhe Bar.' 