AFRICAN TRAVEL EXTRA ORDINARY. Professor Gamier is about to start for the wilds of Africa to study tho ape amid his ijutivu surroundings, and lis supplies to the North American Review an account of what- ho expert to nocomplish. Ho intends to cull to his aid 44 till the engines of human invention " which may oonduuo to hlaKHccees, aud ir. would scent none of Jules Ycrue's heroes will hi vo the ghost of a choncc beside him. tieq rBOEESSOE's wondesful cage Professor Goraier's outfit will, of course, embrace a phonograph, a photo-camera, telephones, an electric battery, and so on ; but the most novel appo intra en twill bo a cae, whi.th he has ejienially dosigned for tho trip, aud of whioh he gives the following descrip tion : — Thconge is made of steel wire woven in(o a diamond-shaped lattice, with a two-inch mesh and framed in airong steel frame.. Lach punel of tbe cage is three feet six indies square, and there are in all twenty-four panels, ouch one interchangeable with all the rofct, so that they can be united with ease into a cube of seven feet square, and any side will serve for top or bottom, and any pauel can be used as a door. tub uses of the cage. The uses to which tbe oage may bo put will, of oourse, be numerous : — It can be erected as easily as a tent, and will he used at night to camp in. It will servo me as a bouse while I tnay be detained in making terms with the natives or studyiug their speech ; and it will bo a .fortress In tbe jungle, where Imostapend most of my time in trrinv lofind fh« BAnntf. trhiah T RAb_ Hut the use of my cage will not be limited to amere place of safety from the wild beasts that prowl through the forests at night ; it will serve also as a depot for my supplies. It will bo ocked securely to the adjacent trees by three strong chains attached to a Y-shaped iron, bolted through the top of the oage. It will contain hammock ana camp oh air. Besides these, it will be ooonpied by my phonograph, photographio instruments, telephones, and eleotriu battery with whioh to operate them. A single charge of this eleotrio battery will last for about 300 consecutive hours. By the use of ft small switchboard, I shall be able be fire my flash light at nigbt, or to snap my kodak in tho daytime, and to operate my tolephoaes if necessary. In oase of danger or unexpected attack, by the use of my switch board aad by means an induction ooil, I can charge the entire cage with eleotrioity, developing an alternating current of abont 300 vuite. In leering my oage with its con tents for sny length of time, I shall simply charge it in this manner with eleotilcity, in order that iu my ab#uoco iny meddlesome neighbors may be induced to let it alone. USIQUS AND AEABVBLL0C8. A 14 naiijiM and marvellous" experiment among the uiany which the Professor expects w> do awe co penorai u ui&i; or pnonogra pil ing the sounds of the apes at a distance from his cage, where his phonograph will be located at times. I ehall accomplish tbis (he says) by means of tho telephones which I am having con structed for tbe purpose with a waterproof cable wire connected at one end with the ; diaphragm of the phonograph, and at the oiher cud (which may be carried any distance, even a mite or more through the forest) con nected with a small telephone conoealed in a tin horn ; all of which will be painted a dingy green in order that it may be con cealed in the leaves or bidden in the moss or endergrowth of (he forest. In front of this born wilt be placed decoys, baits, effigies, minors, or sucn other means as may be found necessary to induoe the chimpanzees and gorillas to utter their sounds there, which sounds of course will be immediately trans mitted to, and recorded on the phonograph cylinder, which will be operated by eleo- tricity. fbotoo&airrr; estbao&dxnaby.; The Professor means to provide himself with globeB for incandescent light. These will be connected with his battery, so that in oase of alarm daring the night 44 the cause may be easily ascertained by simply switch ing on the light for a few eeoonis." If it is found that anything within tbe fieldof my kodak shall be worth potograpking, toe nasn light wui oe nred and the picture taken, including tbe cage and its surroundings. Amid tbe deep silence of the forest I shall take a photograph at nightfall, one at mid night and one at the dawn, thus preserving a vividldea of tbe approach of darkness, the appearanoe of the forest by artificial light in the dead, still hours of night, and the awakening of life in the cariy dawn when tbe first rays of sunlight glance through the foliage wet with tropical dew. more aCABVEIXOUS feats. These intended feats of photography will to the initiated seem sufficiently startling. But grcuter wonders remain behind I expect to be able to secure photocnohic views of the home life of these great apes, as also of the natives of the same regions. I hope to secure photographs of their mouths in the act of talking, and at the same time the phonographic records showing tbe sounds they utter. With the aid of my phonograph I shall record and brintr homo tbe sounds of all the creatures of these deep forest that utter speech, and with my camera shall preserve fox civilised man photo graphs of the Royal families, the beaux and bollcs of Royal society in evening dress, the peasantry, slaves, and social parasites, the wild beasts, the tropical birds, and even tbe slimy serpents that infest tbe Edeu of tropical Africa. Ifiball secure the social and religions songs, tbe rites and ceremonies, tho mnsic and qpeech of the people. I shall take photo graphs of their homes, which will afford a virid idea of the domestic life and habits of this curious people, as they may be found worshipping their dietles or dancing in their sins. We ruay thas ascertain liow much bondage and civilisation have respectively wrought for this race by comparing their condition with that of their kinsmen in America, who have grown np under the in fluences of civilisation. This will be an im portant ethnological faot to determine. vtuLuisj vraju-uss. Hie Professor's outfit will, of course, in clude some deadly weapons. To fire a gon in tbe forest would alarm the animals and drive them from tho locality. But the Pro- fosBor'6 resouroes are equal to all emergen cies : — I have devised a gun and missile suited to my sprcial use. The gnn barrel is cimply a straight reed abont four feet long, Ixotod out smooth and uniform, and the missle is driven by the force imparted by two strong rubber bauds and two steel springs. Tbe weapon is charged with an arrow or dart having a steel hoad of peculiar design, which is forced open on entering its quarry, the oontents of the arrow-head being thereby discharged. The arrow-head will contain fifteen drops of prosaic acid. In case I #ha)l eee an animal or a group of animals which I may desire to secure, by the use of this in strument I can secure either one or all of them, without unnecessary injury or alarm. The effect of this acid discharged in the blood' is almost instantaneous and painless death to ke2p tee 44 febocious beast " at bay. "PTir iwnnnAl nnKM-rati/in Gamier has a more wonderful weapon still : — 44 My masked battery consists of a rubber canteen of my own device, to which is , attached a hose about two feet long, on the end of which is a metallic nozzle, provided with a ring to fit the fourth finger, and a valve oponimr and closiog like a flute key, The canteen will be worn buckled under the arm, while the ring on the nozzle will be worn on the fourth finger of the right hand, so uat iv may in u«eu uu uie mauiuv in case of surprise. This battery trill be charged with concentrated ammonia, a douohe of which in close quarters will set tho most forocions boast to thinking. 44 3t0 end but truth." Most readers will think the Professor'j preparations fairly adequate, but it is gratify ing to learn that if the plans he has lati shall fail 4 4 new o&es; will be thought out anl put to the test. j 44 1 feel adequate to the task of meetitg these animals on their own grounds, belioris that myinteUigenoe will be equal to thtir Brute strength. X am willing to forego the oomforta of civilised life, the endearments hf home, and the blessings of health at r plenty, and take upon myself the hardship#, < ibe privation, and the toil of auoh a journey. ; (ball may give to the world the secret with which to para the gates ot spsoi. I ask no reward but success, I Reek no end but truth." We trust that he may find it. The ac count of his pioparatious oomes precious near impressing tbo English reader with the belief (hat he has not found it yet. — 44 Pall Mall Budget." 