:' ? ??'''WESLEYAN^ METHODIST ;..? VHURCJEL. ?'?[. ? ?:??;'?' ? ;' C; '. ^ ; .MBKSEY DISTEICT. : -'i-y.] ' v Financial Meeting.— The ? following ad ditional business was transacted ^In re Methodist Union, the following resolution was passed .—'.This meeting, having con sidered the respective votes for and against the Methodist Union as formulated in the ' - pamphlet submitted-to the quarterly meet ings, endorse the scheme as outlined, pro vided there is practical unanimity 'on the part of the minor bodies of Methodism, but protests against the proposed organic union if such unanimity is not shown by the votes of the quarterly meetings of the smaller sections of the Methodist Church.' . ' A unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. H. C. Oldmeadow, Tasmanian secretary for foreign missions; .and the meeting recommends to Conference that he be re- appointed. The report of the Sunday School Union was received and adopted, and a vote of thanks was passed to the Bev. T. Gy White as secretary for Tasmania, and the meeting recommends his re appointaient as such. ? A discussion took place on the matter, of the difference. in the taxation between Victorian and Tas manian cirouits, and the following resolu tion' was passed : — 'This meeting respect '?? ' fully protests against the imposition of .'taxation, for the: children's fund upon special efforts in' Tasmania, ? whilst 'similar efforts in Victoria are left un ??'' taxed, as inequitable and a departure ..from our connexibnal principles. We ?would also point out the fact that three fourths of tbe grant is taxed in Tasmania, \- placing our c rcuits at a great disadvantage . as compared with Victorian circuits.' In reference to Mount Bischoff circuit, which ib under obligation to take a married minister next year, a resolution was passed -xecommendiE ^ that the circuit be relieved of- its obligation for' the year. A resolu tion was passed, requesting the home mission committee to consider the cases of , dependent circuits before voting money for ? home miesion stations, and it was also re-. solved that where grants nave Deen made to circuits the quarterly meeting shall not. be at liberty to engage any preacher as a home missionary without the concurrence ?of the chairman of the district. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded to the chair man, Eev. W. Burridgej secretary, Rev. W.Wykes; assistant secretary, Eev. T. G-. White, for their courtesy and attention to ? business. Eeference was made to the kind ?'-.' way in which the members had been enter-. ? tained during the sessions of the district meeting, and a unanimous vote of thanks ? j-aS3ed to such friends, namely, Eev. Wyies, Mrs Lamb, Mr A. Hart, and Mr C. iiest. ?'?? . ?? ' ? THIRD DAT. : Ministerial Session.— One candidate for the ministry, Mr A.E.C. Bunton, was ex amined ' by the chairman. The examina tion and the trial sermon having been considered satisfactory it was unanimously resolved that he be recommended.to Uon ferene'e to be received on trial. The Revs. -Giff ord^ and Grove, B. A., were recommended ; '. '?'? to bfe- advanced .a year in; their .probation.; 'The Liverpool minutes' and the ' T welve rules of a helper' were read by the secre tary,, and. proved, a means ?? of : spiritual blessing. An earnest discussion took place on the work in the respective circuits in ? the district, and an earnest desire was ex pressed for more of the powers of the Holy Ghost. , i: -. ; ; '/, r: :- : The next district meeting was fixed for the third week in. November »£ next year. The whole sessions of the dint -ict meeting were characterised by the utn..-3t goodwill which prevailed, afad which viia- owing to the courtesy and geniality of the chairman. Before the meeting terminated ; a resolu tion was passed, viz., ' That we, as minis ters, consecrate ourselves afresh' to God and to his work, earnestly praying that tho coming' year may be ono of spiritual power and gracious ' revival. We' would, also affectionately request the . sympathetic co operation of our people, both in regard to the pnblie means of grace and the cultiva tion of: Christian home life and influence. This resolution to be made known by. us to our people.' ; .. ,. :; :. , , , 