5 G'S'H a : ... vj-'it'.f? tatoded- for P\iblio«,ti;j' [-- \ -ld'bo aildronsed io tlw Jiditoi |m ' uw relating to ? HuninysS .cot? ' & tho ol'rico must he xiirii' 1*a .*?); ? y. r.!i,vv -.i:i coi: ?blotted out tho innpeeint face and tender I reyes, tnc winter , evenings spent in tne rectory parlor were forgotten, the rector's daughter was: a myth, and1 Strathspey had gone back to the; time when he /sauntered on the shores of Lake Geneva, ' talking graceful nonsense to Gwendoline; Pramley, and carrying her dainty parasol. But still the impression was not strong enough to destroy the older fancy com pletely, and in the course of a few days, he was at the rectory again. CHAPTER VI. Y GLOOMY FOREBODINGS. ' We are going to have a visitor at the Coombe,' he said to Prue, during the ?evening. , ' You must come and see her, ?Miss Prue.; She is a belle and a beauty ; ^aS great a belle as any of the heroines of the stories I tell you sometimes. I dare say she has even been presented at court,' with a light laugh, ' and broken as many hearts as there are buttons on that pretty dress of yours,' The brown eyes softened . into the sober gravity which was so quaintly natural to them. ' I think I should be afraid of her,' said Prue, staidly. ' I am not accus tomed to grand people, and I am always afraid of them. ':So am i,' said Strathspey, laughing again. 'It is quite natural, Miss Prue.' \- It was a lovely evening. To this poor, ignorant child - it was the loveliest 3hehad evter known ; certainly it was the^iast in which i she experienced un-i alloyed happiness. She sat in a low basket-chair before the open window, the moonlight streaming in upon her white dress and fair face — a face so very fair and pure, contrasted in the mystic light with her great soft eyes, that watch ing her, Strathspey forgot himself, for got world, forgot even Gwendoline Fram ley, and spoke to her as men will often I i speak under the influence of a fair face and a sweet voice. : She listened to him with a wild thrill i of happiness, her great, innocent eyes j iifted up to his, as he leaned against the I window, and looked down at her, more perfect and glorious, she thought, than lie had ever seemed before. She looked forward to nothing — the future was no thing ; it was quite enough to sit in the moonlight, and thrill at every word he' | uttered.' ' ' These was a box of mignonette on the wiudowsill, and as ho was going away, he bent and broke a spray from it. / ' Do you know what it means ?' ' he asked. He had just bidden her, good-night then, and she was' standing at his side, a quiet little ghost of a white-robed I figure, with a fair, believing face. 'No,' the sweet, serious' voice an swored him. 'It means 'my little darling,'' he. j said softlyi 'Stay; let me' fasten it' in that ribbon at your throat.' Ho bent to secure it, and she raised ji 'ler faco a little— the fair girl's face, I I pnder, innocent, truthful ; and as the f/Vmoonshine fell upon its pure gravity, it j [thrilled him so that everything else was .VJlost to him. He stooped a shade 'lower; ;|/ihe big, golden moustache brushed her //lips — he had kissed her once, twice, ffirico. L ' Forgive , mo, little Puritan angel,' he whispered ; 'your sweet eyes were too much for me. Good-night.' And' in a minute more she was stand ing alone, watching his tall, slender form, as he strode down the road, her I heart beating in great slow throbs of tromulous happiness and pain. She carried her mignonette up stairs to the little white bed-room, and laid it l|etween the leaves of her Bible, as if it had been some sacred thing, and then \- she knelt down in the moonlight, and prayed a tender, girl-like prayer. There was no single doubt or fear in hor puro trustfulness. His sudden, tender kisses could mean only - one thing to this young creature, with her quiet life — ho loved hor — he loved her. As to Strathspey, he wont home with ? delight sonse of discomfort upon him. Possibly, he had made a fool of himself, he began to think, aftor a fow minutes' deliberation. The temptation had beou a great one ; but, perhaps, after all, it had been rather an indiscreet thing to give way to. He was not an absolute villian, of course ; and tho idea that ho lmd probably gone somowhat too l'ar juade him feel slightly uncomfortable, (To be continued.) I 