MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOH OUB OW» COBBESPONPENT.) Tbe result of last week's election has bsen an Bereeabte surprise to all right-minded peop e The crushing and almost total defeat of the Labor Pdrty was -welcome *s fit was unexpected Sfthe 85, candidates who were put fortbby the Labor League only 11 secured seats, and of these only four are in any way connected with the Trade's pall... The otter seven have mere y prom'sed a general support to the roue's programme, but are in no way labor S^irtitlh/UaUt^gthoftbe Labor Partv is iast Jour and no more. A few-weens fgoThe Trades Hall people boa.tedtbatunder aiy circumstances they would not have less than lo membera in the . new Parliament s^ now theycsll four "fairly flatiefaetpry. J ' The Labor Party contested in 30 districts, andm only four places did they poll am.pruy of votesTbe actual number of votes polled m the 30 diatnct? was 82 252, while "tbe anti-Trades Hall candidates received no less than 51,064 votes. As ] anticipate last week it was owing ; to too msny candidates that tbe Labor League returned «<;en four members. In; Richmond Mr. Trenwith would not have had the ghost of^a show if Mr. James had retired. In North Melbourne Mr. Lumens was 'defeated by flaly 25 votes, but his.majority would have been 400 if Dr. Rose had hot put in an-appearance. In Carlton Mr. Bromley was elected because Mr. Pigdon insisted on going to tbe S At Bnerald Hill Mr. Winter, the president of the Trades Sail, did^receive an actual majority, and he wouldhave been the only, one returned but for the extra candidates. So that taking all things into consideration, three of the Labor members got their seats by a flake, and after all the "blow" of the League duringthe past six months it is quite plain that the total strength, of the Labor vote in Victoria is just over 32,000 out of some 550,000 electors, so that we have little or nothing to fear. The defeat of Mr Hancock at Oollingwood has caused general rejoicing, as his seat was regarded as safe, so safe indeed that most people thought some mistake was made, and it was not unttl the returning officer printed the results of the Dolling that conviction was made sure. Of tbe Labor members returned it must be admitted that with tbe exception of Mr. Trenwith they are all "moderate" men, and will, while sup- Porting the claims, of .labor, not be blatant de magogues each as Mr, Hancock and some others who were defeated. The personnel of the new Parliament is ade cided improvement upon tbe last, and while it is much to be regretted that Messrs. Anderson, Derham, Laurens, Mountain, and W. C. Smith are defeated, it is also' pleasing to know that Messrs.' Gardiner, Groom, Hancock, Nimmo,and O Smith are out of it. Besides this, most of the new members are good men, notably Sir Graham Berry and Messrs Bosisto, Campbell, Isaacs, levers, M'Kinlev. Wilkins, and White. The return of Mr. M'Kinley is very displeasing to the labor Party. He is the proprietor of Melbourne Punch, Which for years has bitterly opposed the Trades HaU people; he also published tbe Batire King Working Man, which appears to;have h»d a great effect on the elections. Every possible effort was made to ouBt Mr. M'Kinley; his meetings were repeatedly upset by representatives of the Labor League, he was hooted and xn other ways ridiculed, bnt he was returned at the head of the poll. , No Iras than 14 candidates forfeited their £50 deposit, and this will go a great way towards pay ing the cost of the election. Several other candi. dates just managed to save their money by mere good luck. -Mr. Bardie, who foolishly contested Carlton, only received 16 votes, and Mr. Knipe the hero of.more defeats than lean recollect, had at West Richmond only 168 votes, which iB 366 less than he received three years ago. Sir Graham Berry polled 3743 votes, the largest number ever polled by a candidate, in Victoria, and probably in Australia, if we omit the time when the Legislate Council of South Australia was elected by the whole colony voting as one constituency. Opinions are divided as to the fate of the Government. The Ministry themselves claim to have a majority of 60. This appears to be an Idle boast! Practically the elections did not depend upon the Ministerial programme. The only two points which were before the country was the proposed domination of the Trades Hall people and the " one man one rote." Upon the first the country has spoken with no uncertain Bound, and the Labor Party will take a back seat. On the second, the opponents are much more numerons'than in the late Assembly, bat are in a small minority, so small indeed that it is generally supposed that the proposal will be abandoned altogether. Eveh if it should be carried in the Assembly the Council will reject it again, BO that the matter is not worth talking about. Now that the Government has practically lost the expected XiftboT vote, they will possibly re-arrange their programme GO as to make it more generally acceptable to the House. At the eame time a great desire is shown in many quarters to secure the services of Sir Graham Berry as the head of a strong and powerful Ministry. And this may take place yet, In'decd bo probable ia this that the Government and their supporters are trying to persuade Sir Graham to take tbe Speakership, and thus get rid of a powerful opponent. 1 ebould hardly fancy 'that be will accept this offer, as he will be far more at home on tbe floor of the House, The other supposed candidates for the chair ate Messrs, Gillies, Bent, and Duffy (Postmaster-General), and ns it seems quite clear that Mr. Gillies' Ministerial days are over, he would probably be glad to be elected Speaker, and as he is the oMest member of the House he is eminently qualified for the post. Although tbe polling on Wednesday was exceptionally heavy, yet a very large ntimber of persons did not vote. I did think of going over all the figures to ascertain the exact nomber of votes recorded and sabstracUng from the total on the rolls. Bat this would take more time than I can spare at present. Bight here I may jaat as well say that I did not vote, nor have I done so for many years. I had hoped that my name would not bo on the roll, but the way I was deluged with cards, circulars, &c;„ most tare aided to the gK»t effloe mtorm. (to polU . , ! ng day my mansion, villa, cottage, or whatever | you like to call it, was almost | cabs and o'her vehicles, but. I declined au otters., impression is that a journalist in active work^andso id well "known as 'I I am, has ha. no right j to interfere in election matters, except ot course professionally, such as shorthand reporting, I night adopt other tactics were there such a thing in Victoria as secret voting, but ibis is not so I venture to say that every candidate during the last elections could, if he liked to go to the trouble, find out tbe name of every person who voted for him. This is not eo difficult ass it seems. On entering the polling booth the elector is banded a voting paper, upon which the returning officer or bis deputy writes a numbir corresponding to the number on the roll. It is quite clear that during the scrutiny any intelligent scrutineer can follow the figures or numbers and easily get at the names. It has been said no person could recollect 2000 or 3000 num. bers or names. But it must be borne in mind that each scrutineer has a copy of the loll before him, and he can readily tick off tbe votes as the paperB are-taken out of the ballot box. Ol course the scrutineers are sworn to secresy, but that all ends after the poll is declared, and I know for a fact that ill scores of cases voters have bsen distinctly told by candidates how they voted, This ought not to be. Voting by ballot may be a good idea, but it is abused in Victoria, and until the present state of eff*irs is altered I for one will decline to vote. It is understood that Parliament will be called together on Tuesday, 10th May, and that the usual " speech " will be read on tbe following day, after which probably the Hsuse will adjourn till the next week, when real business will be entered upon. We are lookiug forward to a useful session, but how far our hopes will be realised remains to be seen. I trust, however, that, as I have done for some years, I shall regularly supply you with full details of what goes on within the walls of the Legislature. In September next 14 members of the Upper House retire by effiaxion of time. For these vacant seatB tbe Labor Party will have no show, The deposit is £100, the provinces are large and very expansive to work, and finally there is no pay attached to a seat in the Council, all of which is against the Trades Hall people. It is well known that if the Labor League had been even moderately successful in the late elections they would have agitated for the abolition of the Upper House or for some drastic reforms. Happily their defeat has given them a quietus for the present, and till they can do now is to draw their salaries and look as pleasant as they can over one of the greatest beatings ever suffered by any party in Australia. The teetotal party have not done well during the late contest, several of their best men having been defeated. Mr. Nimmo and Mr. James were each badly beaten, and these were two of their very best supporters. Others also lost their seats. They may, however, comfort themselves with the reflection that the duties on wines and spirits will be increased and an excise duty on colonial ale be imposed. But this will not advance the "cauBe," because there will be just as much strong drink consumed as there is now 