The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "X -would givo a million dollars for a stomach," said a -wealthy Amorican reoontly. How, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of monoy, hut ho was not ablo to buy. the article even at that prioe. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of Ho. 3 Poplar Row, Darloy Abbey, nour Dorby, is not so rioh ns many, being a gardonor, but ho was ready enough to give all he lied for one thing ho hadn't got. Ilord is his story, and ho shall toll it in his own way. Mr, Gaskin .goes on to say : "XJp to oight yours ago- 1 had hevor lost an hour's work through siokness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Notting ham, ray appotito fell'- away, i had dreadful pains after oating, a bad . taste in my_ mouth, whioh would fill with water and slime,- the latter so thick and sticky that- 1 often had to remove it with my. fingers. My ohest used to, ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neok. I vomited u great deal, ohiefly a yellowish-green phlegm, I had a rooking cough, and would oougli and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I bcoame exhausted and nhort of breath and had to call tho doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. I then went as oat-pationt to the Not tingham Hospital, aud after attending thoro for six months was very little hotter. 1 got bo thin that X was like a ghost walking about, Wd ray friends said it was ' all up with me. -For 18 months I kopt getting bettor, then worso, and at last tlieUoo tors recommended me -to try a ohango of air. So l oumo to Dnrloy Abbey and nry former master gavo me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire . Infirmary, r Dorby. ; I' faund,-howover, that all the beds In the hospital were full, and X- naw my elub doctor and also two . dootors .at ,Dorhy-. 'Tho first ano said, 'You are in a galloping oonspinption, and must die'.; ffie other doctors, after sounding my- lungsandohost, said nothing but shook thoir heads - "Gottinga trifle hotter injr old master allowed mo to do what littlo I could in his gardens uud grounds ; and some days I worked a littlo and then would bo away for a fowdaya.' Things wont on liko this until Deoomhor, 1888,; whonl caught eold, got very short of breath, and hroko down completely. I was alwaye coughing and spit ting up phlegm, sometimes as muoh as a.tea- oupful at onoe, .and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the ; phlegm . wbuld ohoke 'me. - At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were .bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and' parched, and I often broke out into -a. eold, clammy seat. . My tohguo was liko.apieoo o brown' leather, and I could koop nothing - down. I lost oVer '. a , stone weight in threoweeks. " : "X managed to get up for a few hqurs nt a timo, but was so weak I had to toko Hold of tho furnithre to move a few yards. I, was always, tired and weary, and sitting orlylng, wasnevdr at ease, and got rio redl rest. /rep-weak to road I ofton sat for hpurs looking at my hands— nothing hut akin and bone, and was' bo nervous I oould pot boar. tho least . noise, and tho chil dren at play quite upsetme..- (- . .." Tho dootior kept on attonaihg'-me, hut lie )iald, ' I .cap do yopno gdod ; I.oan only patch you up, becauso your lungs oredisoused.' Ithen gave over taking his medioine and tried every- . -, '.- thing I could hear of. One thing was a congli cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and, my frionds who came to seo mo said, .'Well, you won't cough muoh longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' "Abont the middle of March, 1880, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darloy Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, aid you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup?' and told mo bow ho had been ourcd after being in the hospjtal. He spoke eo muoh in praise of this medioine I sent my wife to Derby and got a battle at Mr. Smitii'B stores in Viotorin street. After the first dose I had an evaouu- tion bluok as ink, and vomited. Then I foil asloep and felt rested' when I awoke. After hiking .the medioine for tlireo- days my breath ing got oasicr, my food kept down, and in n few days more I was ablo to £0 out for a Bhort . walk. By the ond of a fortnight I went to see my mastor, who asked what had' wrought. the improvement, aud I told him, ds I tell every one,' th'at-Mother Seigol's Syrup had savod my life. X- commonced work at onoe, and have never lost a day's' work siiioe.- " Of course my- strength did-not return all at once, hut uftor taking Seigel's Syrup for six months X was' stroiig as over as aver in my life, und havo continued so ever since." Xu giving his eonsont to tho publication' of this romurkablo statement Mr. Gaskin requests lis . to refer all doubters to liim or to Mr! Keotley, head gardener, Dorlcy Abbey, who is acquainted with all' tho foots . alleged. Mr. Gaskin hits lived at Darloy Abbey 22 yoars, and bears an oicellent reputation. Now, what was tho complaint from whioh ho Rufforcd? Not galloping consumption, cor- tainiy (as one of tho dootors thought), or lio would have galloped into his grave ill less than threo months, instead of growing worso for soven years. His complaint was ohronio in flammatory dyspepsia (or ohronio gastric catarrh), whioh hus lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly -mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, tho diseased yielded, as all diseases of the digos'tivo traot do yield, to that magnificent pre paration. Wo hoartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commond the facts of his cobo to all thinking people. 