FOOYLIGHT FANCIES. The season of the Greenwood Com pany will be brought to a termination f morrow evening, and thence until xing night the Theatre Royal will be closed in order that preparations may be made for the production of the Christmas pantomime. " The Two Orphans " has not been a draw, as with the exception of Messrs. Greenaway and Brown, the former of whom gives a particularly effective rendering of the part of Pierre, the members of the Company are not up to requirements. To-night and to-morrow evening " East Lynne" will be staged, and this lugubrious drama will probably attract fair houses. Whenever a theatrical organisation is down on its luck "East Lynne" is put up, and enables the ghost to walk for a bit. The Greenwoods contemplate a visit to Broken Hill. * * *■ . . Mr. Joe MacMahon is in Adelaide arranging for the appearance of the Alabama Minstrels at Hudson's Bijou - on Tuesday evening. At the head of this organisation is Billy Emerson, who has a reputation almost world-famed as a comedian. Billy has been three times in Australia, and he is reported to be . funnier than ever. Mr. George H. Wood, the "somewhat different comedian," will have to be heard to be appre ciated. He deals in the anti-climax style of joke, which is extremely effective, and it will not be long before he is a favorite in Adelaide. As for the rest, each has his special excellence, and the exclusion of vulgarity at all hazards and the introduction of bright music and new jokes should make the season at the Bijou a thorough success, just as the Melbourne season proved. The Continentals are growing in public favor, and last Saturday evening there was an attendance approaching 3,000 persons, the prin cipal attraction being the singing of the Misses Albu. Their well-trained voices were heard all over the ground, and their enunciation is so distinct that it was impossible te miss a single word. Quiz would, however, suggest to Miss Julie Albu that she does not improve " The old folks at home " by drawling it out at funeral speed. The Locomotive Band did well, and would have done better if more attention had been paid to time. The bandmaster must wake his men up. On Monday evening the Quintrell Family made their second appearance, but their performances seemed mild after those of the Eastern Suburban Band. Wed nesday night's Continental was post poned because the promoter thought the weather was going to be in clement, and did not wish to risk offending Lord Kintore by inviting him to firing his umbrella. As matters turned out the postpone ment was justified. There will be big attendance to-morrow evening, and Mr. Bass£ may now rest, assured that he will more than see his money back., * i * * ■/••• There have been good attendances at the Cyclorama during the past week. ^Agood thing never palls, yet even good JIB®® .. • things come to an end some time, and the final siege is fast approaching when "Jerusalem" will be really in ruins. Manager Lockley is expected hack from Melbourne at the end of the week, and then a boom, earthquake and otherwise, is expected. * * * Mr. T. W. Lyons's Amateur Opera Company will produce "Les Cloches de Corneville " in the Norwood Town Hail on Monday evening and also on Tuesday. This pretty opera has been in rehearsal for a considerable time, and those who have had the privilege of hearing it rendered by the cpmpany speak in very high terms of the production. * * ■* The benefit to Mr. Charles Brown will probably take place the week after next. Charlie is making arrange ments for an attractive bill, and he will have the good wishes of a host of friends in his venture. * * Mr. J. H. Grainger's suggestion that the various Musical Societies should combine for the purpose of producing "The Messiah" at the Exhibition Building at Christmas is an excellent one, and should be acted upon. * * * The death of Fred Leslie should give Lonnen a good show. Many people thought Lonnen the cleverer comedian of the two. -fS * * A strawberry fete in aid of the funds of St. Mary's Sunday School, Burra, held on November 30, realised, after paying expenses, the handsome sum of ,£105. Amongst those con tributing to the success of -the gathering were Mesdames Harvey, McGulloch, King, Sangster, and McLagan, Misses Gebhardt, McBride, Wood, Lockyer, Muegge, Opperman, Cave, and Lewis. * * Next week every Theatre in Mel bourne will be closed. Unparalleled siiice Melbourne was a city of any consequence. 