MOUNT KOSCIUSKO. (By R. BAM; SMITH.) In compliance with OUT request Mr. liarr PE Smith OF has A kindly WHOLE written for us the following account of his trip to the Australian Alps : — I was invited by Professor Watson to visit his lato father's estate in tho upper valley of the Eiver Murray, and a further offer was made to accompany mo in tho ascent of Kosciusko, if I felt inclined to climb that mountain. I had never swn tho upper waters of the Murray; I was born in a country of mountains and am fond of them, and so I gladly accepted both proposals, knowing, indeed, no better way of spending my Christmas holidays. I went to Melbourne and j thence to Wodonga by railway, and from Wodonga to Tintalara by coach over a very wretched and unmade road. Wodonga is the Victorian terminus of the Sydney lino, aud is situated on the southern bank of the Murray River, exactly opposite to Aibury. Though the New South Wales town has gone far ahead of it in many ways, still Wodonga is a: place of large trade, chiefly in sheep and cattle, as many as 20,000 being sometimes sold there in one week. I was therefore surprised to find the road to such an important place almost wholly unmade. But in fact the roads in Victoria and New South Wales, so far as I have seen them, are very far indeed behind our own. Thirty years ago I think ours were as good as theirs are now. From Tintaldra, a post and telegraph township on Mr. Watson's estate, we sent on our guide and ; four horses to Bringenbrong on the river Indi, and proceeded theie ourselves on wheels, to pick up Mr. Walter Mitchell, who was to ; accompany us. From Bringenbrong we were I to make a start for the mountains oil the ] • fol'oyving day. j The valley of the Upper Murray through j! which we had passed is a very rich and fertile country, undoubtedly capable of supporting a large population. The flats are formed of deep alluvial soil, the washings of the river and : its many tributaries. Tbis land is capable. ' of growing everything—potatoes, maize, corn, ! tabacc-o, anything you like. " Tickle it with a hoe, and it will laugh to you with a harvest." As a rule it is not held in very large estates, The number cf free selectors is great, and this j is their paradise. The land they hold ia above 5 and not below the average quality of the ! district, and that is very good. They have ' not yet perhaps required to use their land to the full extent of its great capabilities; at all . events they have not done so, for not a tenth ' part of it is cultivated. Here I did not dis- ! cover any class hatred between squatter and free selector. Mr. Mitchell is a squatter and comparatively a large landowner, but neither he : nor the Messrs. Watson spoke with any class ' prejudice in discussing land settlement. Our i guide was a free selector, and seemed devoid of all spite to squatters. In fact, on the Upper Murray the lion apparently is able to lie down comfortably with the lamb; all classes seemed to me a happy family, living peacefully together. This state of matters is no doubt partly due to the fact that here at least the free selectors own very good land and ave prosperous Thehorsc-s of the Upper Murray areexeeptionally good, and the young fellows very daring riders. Cattle thrive well and fatten readily on the fiats. Everybody seemed to have horses and cattle. At Bringenbrong on Monday, January 4, we (four men and six horses all told, two of the horses "pack'") began to climb. At starting we went along the banks of the River Indi, which is in fact the Upper Murray, and the boundary between Victoria and New South Wales. After some hours' riding on these plains we began the ascent of the lower hills which lead up to the Alps. These hills are at first by no means lofty, but become bolder as you advance. Byand-by, down a very steep and long decline, we lost much of the elevation we had made, and scrambled and slipped until we found ourselves in the bed of the Kaucobln. This river runs through a narrow valley of magnificent garden land. Its fine stream of water makes irrigation a very simple matter, and it would be invaluable for growing vegetables but for the difficulty of access and the unfortunate circumstance that when you have grown vegetables there is nobody to eat them. The great unjieopled solitude of the whole country struck me forcibly. Thus as we were leaving the lower regions we saw one boy driving cows, and we saw no other human being for nearly Jive days, until we were within eight miles of Kiandra, and there wo mot a solitary digger on a horse. The Kiandra Diggings were at one time rich, but are now almost deserted, yet I was assured that there is hardly a stream in the whole region from the sands of which you cai.cot at any point wash specks of gold. Nor yet did we see in all our journey on these mountains and over a richly grassed country any stock of any kind save wild horses, ^'cither is there much bird or animal life, save snakes, which arc moderately plentiful. One day we killed four. The lower ranges are the home of the curious lyre bird, but they are shv aud want waiting for. We only got one. On a tributary of the Kancobin on the evening of January 4 we made our first camp and had a bath in very cold w ater. During thai, night the horses required watching, as tliey were too near their hemes to make it safe to tru-'t them. We saddled up in early morning aud proceeded on cur way. Up and down you pass from one altitude to another, losing much, but always in the end gaining a little, you take tiie spurs as they present the best appearance of leading you higher. One deep and gloomv ravine, "Leather Barrel Valley," eost us a world of trouble to circumvent. Bush fires were about, and when wc got into the thick of them the smoke made breathing difficult aud the eyes smart. Once we stopped and considered how we were to get forward with safety. You cannot ride along in this," said the guide—a fact which had already presented itself forcibly to my own mind before he spoke. Here the vegetation began to change. Hitherto we had been moving through large timber, mainly of tho eucalyptus type, gums of various kinds, among which I noticed varieties unknown to u»—box, white aud red; the apple tree, a gum of little value; the mountain ash, very like our stringybark. but giving better timber. Here and tbere, too, could be seen a tree from which some blaekfeliow in old days had cut his bark canoe, ihe bark gradually healing, bet in all these years not yet 'dosed over the wound. In the hollows lovely masses of tree ferns which would make the fortune of any collector of such things, and in one place what I have been accustomed to oall the silver wattle growing with a clean straight stem GO to SO ft. high ; very grand and beautiful they looked. Some sweet-amelling shrubs and trees, such as the sassafras and musk, were frequent. There is little or no path through these forests; a f p t m m a occasionally we stooped our heads and bored our way through vegetation in what we only hoped was the right direction. As we got higher wo came upon a circle of very dwarfed and twisted gums of no beauty or value, well realizing Marcus Clarke's description of " haggard gumtrees blown into odd shapes, distorted with fierce hot winds, or cramoed with cold night winds, when theSouthern Cross freezes in a cloudless sky of icv blue." Through these, toiling painfully, we came into a higher region entirely devoid of timber. Here we were mtt and obstructed by much marfcliy land, the water from the springs on the sides of the mountain forming treacherous bogs on the small Jlats. The iniX'-ortant question, too, arose, what arc wo t- do for firewood'! None was to be seen, and the night was v.-et. Much diligent search, however, revealed to us a miserable dead tree which at onetime had lived parasitic-ally in the protection of some huge overhanging rocks. After a feeble attempt to continue its existence the poor dwarf had given up the ghost and quietly passed away. We appropriated its remains aud made our sec-oud cauip iu ihe shadow of the rocks which had befriended it-. =: Professor Watson boing under the impreg- 5 sion that the sun a-ot up at 3 o'clock roused me • from my sleep at that houv to see him rise. ; He said he thought "I would b« sorry to miss i it." I am not sure that for some moments i : shared his opiniou. The sun did not rise so t soon as the Professor expected, but the half- I light of the morning was very charming, and : iisplayed a scene which, though half-veiled i was one of great grandeur and beauty. A : forest of luountaiu tons was around us. This : group is Victoria : that is New South Wales, i Fioin our imperial height we could lay a hand ; upon the head of each nation and give ac i equal and impaitia! benediction to both. ? Away to east and south of us on the level j lands between Alps and coast range surged a ; wide sea of moist vapour, out of which the 1 black heads of the mountains abruptly rose. ; I felt the glory of the scone; I wish I could j describe it. lint the sun came steadily up- I wards, beautifully tinting and flocking th* j skj;, and sending the smell of the earth up te i us in perfume. The moist clouds began to roll ! slowly up the valleys at our feot-, and at once • it was day. j We leave our second camp, and now press i on past the Ram's Head {(i.lWO ft.) and Mount Townsor.d (so the guide named itl, which almost contests supremacy of height with Kosciusko. Twelve o'clock on January 6 saw us at the b:is»i of tho highest mountains in all Australia. We rested our nags, and leaving the packhorses behind, rode as far as wo could, reaching an easy distance from the summit. Tho top of Kosciusko is bare of all vegetation; masses of rock are there, and through and over these you must wind your way, stepping from rock to rock as best you cau. It is not a tough job for youth. When I succeeded iu reaching the top I found Professor Watson comfortably seated upon the cairn whichin 18l>7, w hen a lad, he bad assisted to build. I, too, olimbed thu cairu, and for a few brief moments enjoyed, tho consciousness of occupying tho hi«hoet positiuu of any man in Australia— an exjieric-uce which was as novel to me as it was delightful. Returning to our saddles wo DOW steered along the orest of the Alps in tl>e dircc-tiou of Mount Bugong. As the day wore on there again arose the all-important question of iire wood. Our guide seemed inclined to give it up, but after much searching we discovered a dead stick or two a little off our proper course, and there we made our third camp uncomfortably. There is not at this date much snow anywhere; only on the sheltered sides of the mountains here"and there v.-reaths were lying, tho longest of which may l>e half a mile by fifty yards wide as a guess. Everywhere there is now a thick mat of short sweet grass, nati ve carrots—dear to horses—and a wealth of flowers, though these are hardly yet in full bloom. Everlastings, of which there are many kinds, were coming freely into blossom. Can no use be made of all this finely grassed j country 'i I am told that occasionally for three j months or so sheep and cattle are brought from the lower regions in seasons of drought, not otherwise. Yet it looks a richer country than Switzerland and cannot have a severer climate, and it ought some day to maintain a permanent population, if they can stand as much cold as the Swiss. Meanwhile it is given over to the wild horse. He, in January, is working his way slowly up from the lower levels to his summer pastures on Mount Kosciusko. He knows well it will not do for him to come too soon, nor yet to stay too long. We found the skeletons of mobs of horses which in winter had been overtaken by snowstorms, and who, sheltering themselves under rocks, had remained until they died. The hoise is an animal with little intelligence, and no resources at all in cases of danger. But ahvo and well in his native home the wild horse is a beautiful animal, sleek and shining in his coat and free and proud in his movements. If you shout to him, at almost any distance, away he goes, streaming, head erect, and tail well carried, as amongst civilized horses only an Arab can carry it. They run in mobs of rarely so many as a dozen. The young males are expelled from the society, and, usually forming themselves into groups of three or four stallions, they wander about the country together, reluctantly enduring an enforced isolation from female companionship. They are often run in by those daring horsemen of the Upper Murray, and are not so difficult to break as might be expected. Our companion, Mr. Mitchell, with his brothers had run in about 100. He told me with evident satisfaction of a mob of six which he had captured at one drive, and which, after breaking in, he had sold " for the Indian market" at £17 to £20 a head. One of our packhorses had in his infancy been a wild horse; he was captured whilst running at his mother's foot, and has long been accustomed to civilization; even his owner had to admit he was over thirteen years. This horse standing a little over 14 hands was a tower of strength. The dead weight of the pack he carried we estimated as equal to a man and a half. He liad never been shod in his life, and he came through all that stony journey without limping and without showing symptoms of fatigue The wild horses we saw were dark in colour, black or broivn; we saw no greys, and only anechesnuthorsewithasmallmob of mares. From our third camp we steered for Mount Bugong, and after trying one side of tho mountain and finding it led to nowhere we went down the other side of it by a path which I should hardly have considered possible to horses. About halfway down I was told to dismount. I did so, and sent my horse down the precipice thenceforward on his own account. But as I had no nails in my shoes I was soon in difficulties, and reached the bottom, travelling largely upon various parts of my body, which I feel sure Nature never intended to be used by me as a means of progression. I heard somebody laugh—may his conscience prick him when he reads this. Our fourth and last camp was lower down, and vre had a comparatively comfortable time of it there, though in the morning we found the coffee frozen in the pot and the water in j the pannikin. Tl. This 1 r. day we ira altogether olf/urafhar lost lnsf our mil" I way, and it took us twelve hours to get to j Kiandra, which enjoys the distinction of j being the highest township in all Australia, J It is 4,040 ft. above sea level. Here ; we found a floral decoration stretching | across the main street with these words : emblazoned on it, "Welcome to Kiandra." I We were glad to be there, and to be welcomed, j but we were soon undeceived as to any per- ; sonal application of the welcome" when told that the Governor and Lady Jersey had passed through Kiandra on the previous day, accompanied by Mr. Dibbs and some others of the existing Kew South Wales Government, and | I : local celebrities not a fc-w. Everybody was i delighted with the i^overnor and Lady Jersey. , She liad spoken to thc-m, they told me, "as if | she were an ordinary woman.'" It is difficult j to realize what they expected. In any case I she had , . greatly - c-harmed , them. Kiandra mora is is a j most interesting, place. The \airapgobiUy ; Caves, with their wonderful stalactites and stalapmtes are well worth seeing, and they are always iuidmg new caves better than the old ones. Four miles from Kiandra is "Lobes Hole, the original of the cattie stealers den m vi vidly described by Kolf Boldrewoqd m lvobbery under Arms. I did not visit it. I The whole country though which I had been j nassing seemed studded with loboholes. Bush t 0 -°> a'jout ivhich I was told liarity of' the jiace. I^waflaid t V I ^ W " " k ^ v S ^ ^ T experience at"" " - • - - at the Prince Kiandra last year was (>1'39 inche3. Last ' year was a mild one, and the glass not lower ! than ,, 14 Faiir.—that , is , 18" , below frost, ' I think, , , J j Jjverv vear tile vnins to Km-tidrn. nrA nlfiwrt 1 , j i A^ u t the middle of , th e shoe i s ^t^er strap, into which you insert the foot, and a small leather pad which j takes your heeL In use you stand upon them, j and guide yourself with a long stick, which is [ usually between the leg?, but can be applied 1 * ad libitum to right or left, as the necessities of the case may suggest to you. They have annnal races. 1 saw the racecourse. It is a quarter of a mile long, and about steep as the eidea of the Brownhill Creek at Miteham. The winning-past is reached when you cross the main public road. " Where do they pull up?" I enquired. " Oh. nywhere on tho flat there," said my inormant, pointing to a very unflat and ugly lace for such an operation. Mr. Thurston, he obliging Postmaster at Kiandra, informed e that the present record for a quarter of a ile is IS see.—that is at the rate of fifty miles a w b f e 1 hour. Of course they are trying to " break the record." From Kiandra to Coorna by coach, crossing the Snowy Kiver twice. The sources of tho Snowy River aud the Murrumbidgee are close to Kiandra. The former river runs south aud east, but the Murrumbidgee, after running eastwards to Cooma, turns abruptly to the west, and after a long independent course falls into the Murray. l'Yom Cooma to Goulburn tbere is a railway. Goulburn is pretty, and apparently prosperous. They say it was a thriving township when Melbourne was "houseless" and "half swauip, half sandhilL" Prom Goulburn to Mount Barker by railway. Time all told, fifteen days from starting. Were you tired at tho end of the journey V '' 1 would rather not answer the question. I am sixty-eight on February 4, and in tho meantime I believe 1 hold the record as the oldest man who has yet ascended Kosciusko. I do not inir.d admitting that I think a few years hence such a journey would be too much for ree : but should I go again, I hope I shall have the same pleasant companions and receive as much genuine kindness as met me on all sides in Victoria and New South Wales." : 