The English ICaxxiage Service. PCITING OS THE BlSO. The putting on ot the weddiug ring is an important part of the ceremony .in the English service. The ring is placed on the -book out of which the service ib read ; and <the minister, banding the ring to the bridegroom, instructs him to place it half, way on the third finger of the left hand of the bride, and.-holding it there, to re. peat audibly the following formula:— With this ring, a token and pledge oi the vow and covenant now made betwixt me and three, I thee wed, in the name of the Father and of the Son and nf the Holy Ghost." It is a curious fact that though this formula is usually broken up into eight fragments for tbe sake of easy repe tition it is repeated with perfect accuracy. The great stumbling block is tbe phrase— "Now made betwixt me and thee." Though the words are put immediately into the mouth of the bridegroom it is in variably rendered—"Betwixt thee and me." This is the rale in my experience. It is an exception when it is repeated j accurately—" Me and thee." The bride- ! groom is then asked to place the ring J folly on the finger; and this Is not always i easily accomplished. I have seen (says a minister) itdone with such facility and neat ness as indicated there must have been some previous practice of the art. But sometimes the ring is very obstinate and difficult of manipulation, and I have seen the flurried pair get into an excited pucker in their desperate efforts to push the re fractoty symbol over the second joint. I remember a case of this kind once oc curred in Lancashire, when I was ©nee marryinga -couple of mill-workers. . The ring seemed wedged with little wrinkles at the second joint, and the combined efforts of bridegroom wad bride to slip it do<rn the finger were unavailing. The man grew red in the face with his exer tions and I was really afraid he would dislocate the finger. I whispered—" Leave it where it is and let us proceed." No, he was not going to be beaten with a bit ! of a ring. Baffled at all points, be at last said—" Weet it, weet it !*' The bride at j once Bluffed tbe finger into her mouth as j if it were a delicious sweetmeat, and thus lubricated the stubborn ring was at length ' satisfactorily adjusted. ! 