THE LONDON THEATRES. 1 From Oub Correspondent. LONDON, 29th Afril. Tho Comet Theatro has reoponed with anothor .trifle bill, tho principal novelty being Mr, Gilbert's Rosencrautz and Gnildenstern, pub lished somo 20 years ago. The idea is that King Claudius was at one period of his lifo a dramatio author, that he produced tragedy so bad that house, hissed it, and that this failuro is tho cause of his ohronic melanoholy. Hamlet disin ters this dreary work, and plays it before tho king, who is heart brokon at tho rovival. Ono of tho greatest ideas in the sketch is that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern treat Ham let's soliloquies as questions put to them and requiring answers, when indeed they aro not conundrums. The The reply of the First Player to Hamlet, whon ho, an amateur, tells tho actor and his colleagues how they should bear themselves on tho stage, is in Air. Gilbert's most humorous vein; and Air. Brandon Thomas as tho gloomy monarch, and Mr. AVecdon Grossmith as Hamlet, do full jus- tico to tho author. The New Sub. is a moro sketch, and it was almost impossible to make . head or tail of what the author meant ; tho actors flitted on and oil the stage liko so many ghosts. But it is not worse than most of the pieces which are played ns curtain raisers before tho moro fashionable portion of tho nudiouco havo finished thoir din ners. But the custom is not very compli mentary to a large number of tho poorer patrons of the dramn. The theatrical novelties produced since Eastor, with one or two exceptions, arc not likely to add very much to tho reputation of the British stage. A very silly trifio called Sweet Cupid's Net was produced ajy<ci Strand matinte. Tho story is commonplace enough. A genial old gentleman haSifi6;daiightera, Roso and Edith, who aro sought1' i'lPjfijirririgo by Clement and Tom, the .onoJfftdflrnaliBfc anil the other nn nrtiBt. All would igo ' well but for a Foreign Office olerk, who luteals an important despatch in tho hope that tho blame may bo thrown on Oleraont, but of course falls, Tho acting was good of the modern tea oup and saucer style, but tho whole affnir appeared to mo a porfect wnste of tlme. It was not amusing, and it cer tainly was not instructive. Another now pieeo produced at a matintc was a melodrama, Alone in the World, which introduced a songand dance actress named Louisa Litta. The work reminded mo of the good old fashioned melodrama which used to bo played in my young days At tho Bower Saloon. Tho lioroine is a young Dutoh peasant girl, who goes to Now York to seek bev brother, but is abduoted by order of his widow and taken. to a sort of thicvcB' kitchen, whore she takes kindly to her captivity, and sings her song and dances her dance quite obligingly. She makes hor escape, and, when another attempt is mado to ahduot her, snatohos up a sword, shows her skill in fencing, and kills hor assailant. Tho picoo was not well received by the audionoe, for modern playgoers have been educated to an appreciation of hotter things. The Comedy Theatre has produced two now pieces. The Widow, by Air. A. G, Bagot, is a rcchaujQ'i of several old fashioned comediettas and farces. The plot tells the lovo affairs of a widow, Mrs. Lena Duprez, who has two admirers, Mr. Charles Doakin and his Bon Jaok, and there is a sub-plot which has reference to the attachment betweeu tho widow's daughter, Alabel, and an artist named Godfrey. Tho widow interlards hor conversation with scraps of French, a language of which her elderly admirer is utterly ignoraut. So ho ongagos a French master, who is of course his daughter's lover, who thus gets entrance into the house, and ho humbugs bis pupil that when old Air. Deakin tries , to tell the widow how much he loves her, he oaii only do so by repeat ing the French equivalent for Mshut the door." Tho comedy was certainly dull, but the after piece, Time is Alonoy, moie than mado up for its imperfections. It is smartly written by Airs. Hugh Bell and Mr. Arthur Cecil, and excellently acted. Air. Hawtrey is a young bar rister, Charlie Graham, and Miss Lottie Veuve is a wealthy widow. They are very muoh iu lovo with each other, but he has hesitated to say a word about his passion because ho is poor. Ho obtains a good appointment, and makes up his mind to apeak. He drives to tho house of his inamorata,' only to find that he has no money to pay the cabmnn. Ho tells him to wait. Tho cabman replies that ho cannot, because ho has an engagement to drivo a lady who alwayspays him double faro in order that he may go carefully round the corners. AVhiIb Grnham is trying to screw up his courage to propose he is sorely worried by nil sorts of impudent messages from the Johu, who wants his money—messages which he has to conceal from tho widow, who cannot understand what is going on betweon her admirer and her maid. At last Graham recollects that he has 'some Jubilee ooins on his watch chain, but even thoy are not sufficient. At last ho tells the truth to his sweetheart, who lends him tho money and pro mises to many him.. "At last my ransom is paid," says Graham. , "If you can't pny your 'ahsom you ought not to take ono," says the maid, who docB hot quite understand tho mean ing of what Graham said. Tho piece is slight, but it wont trippingly from the rise of the cur tain to its fall. The While Rose, at tho Adelplii, by Alessrs. Sims and Buchanan, is an historical melodrama, and the scene is laid in the England of Crom- woll's times. Scott's novel of Woodstock has been put under contribution for many of the ex citing struggles between Cavalierand Roundhead, the fierce conflicts between loyalty and pa triotism, and thero 1b of oourse & love story which turns upon the attachment of the young and valiant Roundhead officer, Alarkham Everard, for Ins pretty cousin Alice, tho daughter of. the stout old Royalist, Sir Henry Leo. Cromwoll appears on the scene, and is made far moro sympathetic than in the novel, and his daughter Elizabeth constitutes herself tho good angel of Everard, to whom sho is hope lessly - attached. After Worcester Charles II, is saved from capture by tho good offices of Everard, who, but for the intercession oi Elizabeth, would havo been shot. Tho authors have taken grent liberties with tho char acter of Cromwell, whom they make a dreamer of dreams and a seer of visions, aud not the stern soldier of iron nerve and unflinching resolution which he appears in tho pages of Carlisle. But Mr. Sims and his colla- borateur have written an effective melodrama, and one with more pretensions to literary ability than auy which h&d; previously been identified with their names. Air. Leonard Boyno gave a spirited and dashing representation of tho hero. Aliss Alillard was unaffectedly pathetic as Alice Lee, and tho gentle and tender Eliza beth CromweUj.irfi;' P. Campbell was a refined portrait ofcAPlidy who is little known in history. Aladamo Alelba will not appear in London this season, but will shortly sing at Paris Elsa in Lohcngriu, with Aladame Deschamps as Ortrud, AT. Alvasy as the Knight of the Holy Grail, and AL Borardi as Telramund. Blue Eyed SuBan is still drawing crowded houses at tho Prince of Wales Theatre. Some alterations have been made in the cast. William is now played by a male artist, Mr. Walter Brownlow, a gentleman with a fine voice and a good proscnce, instead of by Madame Burton, and the opera goes all tho better for the change. Aliss Stewart has improved greatly since her first appearanco, and although her voice shows signs of the hard work to which it has been subjected, her acting and dancing are more rofined than they were, owing partly perhaps to the example of Miss Phyllis Broughton, who plays Dolly Alayflower. Air. Plumpton, who is the conduotor, has his 36 instrumentalists well in hand, and altogether the opera is gain ing rather than losing popularity, although it has now been upon tho stage for 12 weeks. 