OUR PARIS' LETTER. Fnosc Quit coiirksrondbnt. PARIS, 5TII MAROII. This yonr wo havo had a BucoosBion of win- tors whioh has told not only on tho publio health but on businoss. Iu addition to that mlsfortuno, tho snonking influenza insinuated itself into all tho crannies of lifo, and completed tho round of miseries. Tho studont naturally fixed his eyes on tlio weekly death hill of Pnris, to noto if tho column "suloidos " was swollen. Strange it was not ; but tho unfortunates who look forward to solf destruction 03 tlio ( panacea for nn exhausted oxintonoo nnd a future without re lief, or ovon hope, nro known to prefer mild wonthcr for Bhufiling off tho martnl coil. It is a fnot that no suioidc for lovo lias over boon por- potrntod in winter. Rooliofort complains a littlo that since his compulsory rosidonoo in London ho has boon suiforing from splcou, that it rains six out of evory oiglrt days on tho banks of tlio Tlininos. Now it pours in torrents seven days out of oight on tho banks of tho Seine, reserving tlio eighth day for a meteor- ologio mosnio of snow, sleot, puimonio fog and rotten frost. Shrovo Tuouday ushered in the oarnivnl, and the fflto that was generally bolievod doomed to failure, provod a merry success. Professor Lom- hroso, who manufactures a now theory in crimo every day, alleges that a mnltitudo is a grand generator of evil. Tho half of the population of Pnris wns in tho Btrcots on Shrovo Tuesday, and tlio crowd developed not evil, but good, for only mirth, wit, humor and big child joking predominated ; and it did olmrn up stagnant nnd possimistio tomporn- ments, and by chasing away dull caro positively lias chockmnicd infiuonzn. Between whiffs of snow and bursts of marry sunshine the masquc- radors and disguised humanity in general com menced thoir antics. Thero was a happy fall ing away in commoroial utilities. Tho most gonornl fnnoy costumes wero representative of boyards and moujiks, all of whom wore as stout as London aidormon after 10 years' apprentice ship to official turtlo soup. Perhaps they woro Bluscovites capturod during the years of plenty. Thoy wero wolcomod, hut not muah enthusiasm was oxponded on "our allies." However, tho stock of guBk is limited with a Parisian ; perhaps it would ho hotter to say it soon runs dry— within throe hours with Bomo, and within thrco days for all. Tho make up of Russian girls is always ploasing, tho carnival of oolors aro not illustra tive of harmony, tho asthetio violations would Buffico to causo Oscar Wildo to return to worsted stookings and Dagobort pantaloons. Frcnoh succeed best when caricaturing or reviving thoir own national manners and customs. Alsatian sisters talco their plcnsuro sadly, liko bygono Britons; tlioir head dross, with mainsails of black ribbon, ought to undor- go aconomio shortenings ; tho total savings would go tar to help tlio suggested move ment for buying baok tho amputated provinces. When Francois I. was takon prisoner, tho womon of Franco raisod ransom money by tho procoods of thoir spinning wheels, as was resorted to for othor braves when thoy lost nil but tlioir honor. I novor yet saw nn Alsatian girl joyouB, thoy aro Unshod with molanoholy ; as nurses, whon thoy aro flanked by two admiring troopors, thoy nro still as Bad as angels ovor a good man's sin ; and yot thoir suivce m oi ribbon stroamors would suffice to ooax away a wholo company of mililaires. I often ask myself, aro tho Fronoli growing faint and weary about Alsnoe and tho rivanche, or do thoy moro practically aot on poor Gambctta'o hint — think, hut do not talk, of both. Tho Alsatians nro clearly not yet transformed into modern Germans, sinco their conquoror is about to endow thorn with the amenities of martial law, after 21 years of annexation. Tho mosqucrnders indulged in plenty of satire at tho oxpenso of the Ministerial crisis. When the alluoion was too porsonnl tlio imporsonator had to mako tho necessary alterations in attiro or tho written wit placarded on his back. Generally tho outgoing or rather tho played out Ministors wore typified with battcrod hats, tat- torod coats full of ventilation facilities ; panta loons not far removed, iu point of quantity, from a Highlnndman's "brooks"; shoos that might defy corn's, so well provided wcro they witii too exits ; stookings seemed to ho an unknown quantity in Ministerial toilettes ; a dog witii a tin in its mouth, guided by a string, appealed with Bolisarius oloquonoo for an obolus. This is an historiaxl nrrnr if. iu n. well known truism that all tho members of the do Froyoinot Cabinet have saved monoy. As Australia is interested in tlio South Polo 3ub- jcots, thoro was a mountebank who sold Antarc tic pills and pastilles to euro North Polo oatnrrhs. Musio was plentiful during tlio dny, ns thousands of promonadors discoursed on penny trumpets, or blew thoir own horns — at nil times and seasons — a not uncommon publio porforinanoo. Ths surprise of tho day was tlio permission to employ confetti, hut tlio latter lumps of Italian delight woro not to ho of Italian fabrication — tiio gypsum boing too hard nnd tho clny onvelopo too dirty. French con fetti was in paper, tlic small shot boing prepared from thoso unsold periodicals that generally gravitate to buttor dealers and trunk makers. When paper makes railway wheels, pianocascs and pleasure yachts, it certainly could bo machi into facial shot. Thon tho ammunition was clcnn ; tho wounds inflicted wcro nevor gravo; only shut tho eyes, tiro away, and. beg with Fonteuoy politeness for others to firo first. Many old Indies struok fiercely against tho innovation, hut ultimately thoy took tlio assault and hattory philosophically. Tho now Ministry doacrvcs inuoh credit for devoting its first aot to providing a now pleasure for Parisians. Tho Loubct is only tho do Froycinot Cabinet under another namo, with a few ancient Minis, tors thrown overboard, notably Homo Minister Conslans, whom it had bcoomo tho fashion to view as a "providential man," cnpabla of wresting against all political conspirators arid social perturhators. His colleagues woro appa rently tired of Aristidcs tho Just, and tho new slmfilo of tlio cards had osten sibly for aim to jockey M. Constnns into private life, for whether a public man bo Bonator or doputy, onoo ho falls from eminence, liko Jules Feny or Lueifor, his falo is, "Novel- to riao again." Certainly tho lato Home Minister was nbly shunted aside, nnd now thnt lie is down peoplo dissect tho political corpse, and aro indignant that thoro was so littlo that was wonderful in him. Beyond doubt, Cons tana had a groat run of luck, and ho hnd the knack of turning circumstances to his per sonal advantage. Ho killed Boulangism, but it was Boulangism, asincamatodby Rochefort, thatsiew tho slayer. For four years tho Second Empiro's matador has. boon whipping and scarifying Constnns ; of lato Roohefort profcrrcd threo distinct and gravo accusations against his enomy, woll dooumcnid, as contemporary historians would say, tlmt mcritod tho troublo of being refuted in a court of iaw. Not doing so oast a upas shade over the Minister. Then come tho pugilistic assault by tlio Senator-Minister in full Chambor on tho Boulganist deputy, Laur. It required no ghost from the gravo to prodiot that the astute do Frcycinot would avail him self of tho first Borious dofcat to rosign ; his successor would lay M. Constnns, that whioh has been done. It wns on the clorical question, chaotically developed, that M. do Froyoinet sclcoted to rotire— wholly to tho Wnr Office. Senator Loubot, aged 54, neither a oelobrily nor yot a common plaoo man, took up tho running. Ho is alroady nt grips with tho olorical question, and tho monaroliinl and republican extremists. M. Ribot committed the error of soliciting tho Popo to solid an onoyolical letter to tlio French Episcopacy, recommending them not to annoy tho republio, but take the gifts tho gods pro vided for them in tlio shnpo of tiio present con stitution. Tho Radicals nro furious at this interference of tlio foreigner in the home nftnirs of France, and tlio more so, when that foroigncr is, they say, tbo historical, tho natural, and tho implncablo ndversary of tho conquests of tho Revolution. If the cardinals nnd bishops insurgo, apply to them tlio Concordat ; but, add thoy, tho Concordat has no penalties, hence, do- nounce it, and rcaast tlic common law so as to bring olearly within its clutches tlio religious associations. Now ft is on tho now olorical legislation that Premier Loubct will bo wrecked. No ono oxpocts his Ministiy will ho long Iivod. It has a stop gap character only. But it lias this in its fnvor, that another Ministerial crisis would render all unity botween tho soparntod Re publicans impossible, and might lead to tho resignation of M. Oaruot. Besides, tho oountry is not coached up on tho subjcot of separation of Churok and Stato, and, abovo all, it abhors religious rows. M. Loubct is a > hard working legislator, a ploddor railior tlinn nn originator ; no la as obstinate as a Broton, and as stubborn as nn Auvorgnat. His Cabinet is called tho " Nougat Ministry," hooAuso tlic nativo town of M. Loubct is' Mon- tMimnr (Drdmo), wboso industrial Bpcoinlity is the mamifnoturo of nougat. Tho now Minister of Justico linH hocn nicknnmod tlic Utile Fatma, ' from his olonginous manners, mnslierism and / seduotivo nttrnotions, liko tho Tunisian Belle Falmi, that thrives at the cafes, concerts and the dancing saloons. Tlio now tariff is silently and steadily running up prioos. Evory weok somo food necessary nugmor.ts by a few bous, that will mako a dis agreeably painful total nt tho end of tho year; nnd tho worst is, tradosmon follow tho nsoen- sionnl march of tho inarkots ; they must charge doaror for thoir work, ns thoy havo to pay moro for food. Tito immediate presauro of tbo clianga is most felt on meat food. Tho restaurants have already taken timo by the forelock. Either tlio messes must become, vegetarians, or fall back on horse, ass and mulo flesh. Mnuy havo boon converted to tho lattor aliment ; tho biggest success of tlio sonson has liocn tho liippophnio banquet, followed by a hippophaio hall, whero no lndy would bo ndmittod it sho was not prepared to oat a horso flesh sandwich, or a savory wafer slico of mtilo ham, or jacknss sirloin. A quarter of a contnry ego, when horse first figured among plain joints on dinner tnblos, the liorso butchers nnd their shnmklos woro as mucli isolated as a Ghetto quarter in a Christian . city; journals apologised for publishing paragraphs respecting thorn. Well, in 1891, tho equino bntohors sold meat in Paris nlono for 3,500,000 f. ; and ono purveyor is now a municipal councillor, and has opened a horse soup lcitoben for tlio. indigent. Who knows but that he might yotbccoraoa ' Primo Ministor? M. Tirard was a olock makor, and proved a fair all round chiof of'a Cabinot. Minister of Financo ltouvlor was a commercial travollor. The meat supply Parisians want is mutton nnd tho primcst raorsois of bcof. Duval, who performs twioo a day the miraclo of feeding 10,000 . persona in his 40 taverns, roquires 100 sheep a day to supply him with legs of mutton nnd loin cutlots. Tho Fronoli sheep aro too smnll for his noods ; his clients dislike thoir flesh, not boiug juioy, and recalling string and paroh- inont. Ho lias iminonsc refrigerating apparatuses for prosorving caroasos'of sheop if ho could only obtain them. Could not Australia " advance " him soino spooimen saddles nnd logs! Ho is an enterprising man, and his mother is reputed to havo tho host businoss bend in France. French colliers nro becoming uneasy; they await with a next to breathless anxiety tho result of tlio English colliers' movements to scouro nugmonted wages and , roduccd toiling hours, by limiting tho output of tho BIaok Indies, force up prioos, mulct tlio consumer, bleed colliery proprietors accordingly, nnd so recoup wages lost by tho poriod of Buspondcd labor. Of course, v/iioq that principla of uni versal solidarity booomes gcnoral, it will bo tlio workor who will legislate . fqr tho commonwoaitli, and not capitalists, or tho ordinnry govorning olnssos . couckc. English coal lias nircady run up in prioe 8 per ocnt. ; this, apart from the upward kick givon to the oomhiistiiilo by tlio now tariff. Tho timo is drawing nigh when humanity must live in com mon like tlio Spartans ; tho ossooiation kitohons nnd wnskhousos will oortainly load to tho con tract feeding of peoples. In tho Jnrdin d'Acolimatation poultry is roared or fattcnodfar olionts at tile low rnto of 11 centimes por day ; tlio boaidod out barudqor fowlB look lovoly. The Urbaino Cab' Company's utriko hns col lapsed ; tho company , has won ; tho strike lasted nearly two months, nnd 1500 men on an avorngc remained out. Tho company was sup ported by the other cab proprietors, as tho drivoi-s of the latter assisted the strikors. Tho company lost 2,500,000 f. of earnings, and tho men nearly 1,500,000 f. of wages, while their sustainors contributed to tho causo 136,000 f. And the disputants havo arrived at tho vory results that could havo beon obtained at tlio outsat. It only demonstrates tlmt no partial Btiiko can ovor succeed. It is tho prin cipjo of Curran, nnd the fleas in tho hotol bed whero ho slept. Had they been only unanimous they could have turned him out. Tlio flood of crimo continues to mount. It is useless describing tbo liorriblo doods perpe trated. Murders aro oharaoteriscd by roliucd and ingonious cruolty combined with an insouciance that makes belief in tho reforma tion of tlio depraved next to impossihlo. And noto, tho orimos nro committed by tho voutie. whose examination demonstrates the extinction of nil morality in their being. They have no conscience to sting thorn ; thoy dread no punish ment ; tlioy have no torror of the guillotine. Convert such animalism to humanity if you can. In a recent mnrdcr, a father hnd his littlo o witnessing how his "awful dad "slew an old woman for hor money bags.- That's teaching tho young idea how to shoot with a vengeance. M. Daubroo lias road heforo tho Academy of Sciences n most important pnpor by M. Holland, a mining engineer, on woll boring in tbo Sahara. It is on tho ooutliern frontier of Algeria that tlio wciis aro successfully sunk. M. Holland indicates to tlio Arabs the exact spot to bo tapped to reach tho subtcrrnnenn sheet of water, aud tho latter !h invariably found. Tho natives call him "Moses." Aus tralians, boing in the agricultural sense thirsty souls, would do well to urge, if Buch wcro needed; Mr. Dcakin to keep an Argus eyo on tho Fronoli plans for slaking land thirsts. Hydrophobia cases havo nninborcd 143 in 1891, against 61 in 1890, for Paris and its departments, following police statistics. M. Pastour lias boon requested to oxnmino tho report sont to tlio Home Minister. Tho law is Draconian, and wns voted at tho instigation of Pastour respecting wandering dogs — kill them when encountered, anil tlioy aro destroyed without mercy ; 402 in 1E91 as compared with 200 in tho previous year. In tbo suburban vil lages tlio owner of a'dog, whon deoided not to koep tho animal, slips its chain, and the dog invariably follows tlio trafiio mites to tho capital, where it can pass during the night into tlio city. Iu tlio day lime tho revenue officers shunt down all wandering dogs trying to steal during crowded .business hours into Paris. Tho l'nris tribunals are blocked with law suits. There nro 12,000 waiting to bo heard and nearly 4UG0 partly heard. Some of tho cases oannot come on for trial within three years at least. Tiio law's delays will thus givo litigants timo to reflect and to come down. Moro courts and judges aro demanded, and a hottor distribu tion oE tho cases, so as to givo justices of tho peace power to dcoido thorn. Businoss comnionces to look up, and prepara tions nro active for tho Chicago "World's Fair, whero Franco intends to tako blue ribbons. Her exhibits will hnvo this liovoity — that of being largely contributed by women, and iu the section of social economy sho will give a good account of practical work. 