Organic Life. [BY J. L. BUBNS, V.S., "WEST MAITLAND.] (Continued.) " To the solid ground Of Nature trusts the mind that builds for ay e. -Wordsworth Besides " pitch," there is a difference also in the loudness of sounds, and in their in- dividuality of tone ; for instance, the blast of O on a trumpet has a very different ring to the sound of the same nota on a harp string or a violin. Any ear the leaBt practised can distinguish different instruments by their tone, as an eye can distinguish them by their extern«! appearance. Here we have an almost infinite variety of timbre, produced by simply changing the " fashion of a mode," not necessarily the rate of march, not necessarily the depth of the foot printB in the air, not necessarily of the sound waves, but that undefined something which causes the variety of individual tone, the distinctive voice of each particular sound, while the Bpace, the span, and intensity remain the same in all. Ia a full band there is no difficulty in discriminating the several instruments even when all are playing in ?unison. So, too, in chemistry, grape sugar will pass into starch, or may be converted into carbonic acid and alcohol, because the three forms are merely " modeB," or different quantities of the same elements, and it in easy to rearrange them in a new order. If heat, light, magnetism, electricity, and other costnical forces are simply different " modes of motion," we can comprehend how one may pass into any other ; whatever changes the " mode" will change the exhibit ; a step some- what quicker or slower, a slight variation in the swing of the molecules, or a change in their polarity will suffice to convert one force into another of the same group. The same holds good in regard to corpuscles or cell tissues. All cells are virtually alike, the same with a difference : they are all minute vesicles, but they vary in shape and size. If they differed from each other substantially, this interchange would not be possible. Nitrogen will never change into oxygen ; nor can baBe metalB as our ignorant ancestors, the alchemists, imagined be transmuted into gold, but Bhape and size, being logical accidents, may readily vary, and it is by a change in those variable conditions, that one cell-tissue is transformed into the size and shape of another ; lymph celia into blood cells, nerve to fat, or the reverse. All this is simple and intelligible enough. Surely, the least scientific can uuderstand how any specific form can be changed, any given size enlarged or diminished, any particular " mode of motion" thrown by accident or intentional interference into a different one ; it is done yearly in every flower garden ; the shape, the size, the colour of both leaves and petals are trained into variety, and frequently vary with- out any interference of art. Look at the rose ; we have it single and double, red, pink, black, white, yellow, and variegated ; we have moss roses and dog roses, roses of every variety of perfume, and of every size. Their shape and Bize, colour, and odour, are changed almost at the caprice of the cultivator ; but no gardener could convert a rose into a cabbage, or a cabbage into a lily, or a lily into a Bathurst burr. This is beyond the skill or art of any gar- dener. The "fashion of a mode" may be varied, but not specific differences ; acci- dentals, but not fundamentals. Whatever changes the reflecting surface of a flower changes its colour; whatever changes the 'fibre of a flower changes its size ; whatever «banges its circulating medium changes its perfume. We feel no surprise in seeing the rose exhibit its thousand varieties of shape, size, colour, and odour, because it is a phe- nomenon perfectly familiar to us ; but when ' we come to things hidden out of Bight, things apart from ordinary observation, we startle at the statement and turn away incredulous. We have now disposed of one thing, viz. that all physical forces are one and inter- changeable, so likewise are the cell tissues of plants and animals. We now come to the next consideration. If heat, light, etc., are " mere modes of motion," what is the medium of such motion? There can be no motion without something to move, that's certain, i and the question now placed on the carpet is [ this :-What is that " something," the mo- tions of which give hirth to heat, light, elec- tricity, and the other physical forces ? Sound we know is a " mode of motion," and the medium thereof is the atmospheric air. Heat and light are also modes of motion, bat the medium must be something infinitely more elastic than atmospheric air. This medium has been provisionally named " ether." It is extremely subtle as it permeates between the atoms of all material substance*, and as the weight of a substance is not affected by its loss or accumulation, it is imponderable. Now, what is this " ether" ? Of course it is matter of some sort, as it has all the proper- ties of matter. It can push asunder the atoms of the hardest iron, and split in pieces the adamantine rocks, Here is a mighty mechanical force, one of the mightiest known to man, more shadowy than a ghost. Mac betb's dagger was a gross thing to it, for it had form and colour as well as motion. This shadowy motion, a perfect Hercules in power, is strone enough to pull atom from atom in a bar of steel, as a convict might pull to pieces a mass of oakum. It occupies space to the exclusion of other substances ; and though it cannot be weighed, its inappreciable weight is merely a protest against the clumsy instruments of man hitherto employed to detect it. We cannot hear sound unless the body it issues from vibrates at least 82 times every second, nor one that proceeds from more than 24,000 vibrations in a second, this is the highest pitch the ear can perceive, the quickest vibrations the auditory nerve can respond to. Beyond this there is absolute silence ; but only, because we mortals have no nerve organised delicate enough to co-vibrate with these more rapid undulations. Who is so stupid as to suppose there are no sounds beyond these two ex- tremes ? Doubtless many of our " earth-born companions and fellow mortals" low down in the scale of life, but with ears more finely tuned, more delicately strung than our own, hear sounds wholly inaudible to man and startle at them ! So, again, there are invisible rays beyond the red and violet bands of the spectrum, though the eye of man cannot discern them, nor any instrument of man throw them on the retina and bxain. But it is bad reasoning to suppose that there is nothing beyond the limit of our observation. It has been proved conclusively that the Bolar spectrum does contain other rays besides the visible ones, which, on account of either the too slow or the too rapid undulations by which they are transmitted, do not produce any sensation of light or colour, but are detected by other means. Illuminating or light-giving power is greatest in the yellow portion of the spectrum, and diminishes rapidly towards the red end on the one side and the blue on the other. The greatest intensity of heat is found leyoni the red, where there is no light whatever. In fact about half of the solar heat-rays falling on the earth are invisible. Still further, there is yet another kind of rays in the solar spectrum which show themselves neither in producing colours nor in raising the thermometer, but in producing chemical changes, especially in blackening the salts of silver (on which action the ordinary photographic processes depends), and in enabling living plants to decompose carbonic acid, retaining the carbon in their own sub- stance and setting free the oxygen. These chemical rays are found beyond the violet bands of the spectrum. The microscope and telescope have given us new worlds of vision, and some instrument may yet be contrived which will enable us to detect the weight of " imponderables" as clearly as the spectroscope reports the matter of the stars, and the thermo-electric pile the minutest variation of heat. As for my in- dividual self, I am of opinion that this " ether" we spoke of above is neither more nor less than oxygen-not oxygen in the form of g^as, but oxygen in an allotropie state most minutely divided and etheralised, com- minuted almost infiniteaaimally. We all know that there are creatures so small that the eye of man cannot see them ; no doubt there are others to whom these tiny beings are Mammoths and GroliathB, puny pigmies of the insect world which no micro- scope can reach ; the whole creature might swim at ease in the smallest capillary vessel of the human frame. Yet these invisible beings must breathe and have a circulating medium-breathe oxygen and take it up into their systems, when it paBBes into their capillaries and mingles with their blood. Many of these infusoria are the Nimrods of au insect world, and go forth to prey on other mites or midges as much smaller than them- selves as a hare or partridge is Bmaller than the sportsman who mows them down like grass. Iofinitessimal specimens of life too small to be described by words ! In them; too, must this oxygen circulate as well as in ourselves. Their tissues must be oxidized as well as our own; their blood system, like our own, must be oxygenated. Ponderable! Talk of ponder- ables! Who is to weigh these invisibles? The fine dust of a balance must be to them high as the Alps or Andes to you and I. The philosopher need not carp at the notion of imponderable matter, but should rather blush to think how utterly inadequate is human skill to measure or weigh such minutenesses as these. It is not that these creatures have no measure and no weight, but that our clumsy skill is not adequate to the task. Our eye cannot discern them, and we call them invisible ; not that they bave no visible exist- ence, but because they are not visible to the mole-like vision of man. They are visible enough to each other. They are visible enough to the mammoth insects whioh make them their prey; but being too minute for us to see we call them invisible. So with their weight and measure. Not only the entire body must have both, but each minutest organ of their body, and each still smaller modicum of food digested into blood or that whioh takeB in them the place of blood. Our lan- guage has no terms to describe them, our arithmetic is at fault to set down their dimensions ; not that B hey have no siee, no proportions or parts like Euclid's «* point," but that our language is too meagre to reach the infinitely small or infinitely great. As the word element is provisionally employed to express a something which the art of man cannot yet analyse, so "imponderable" is used to express a something whose weight has hitherto baffled the ingenuity of man i to detect ; bat when we see blood, bones, and muscle, food, water, and air, oxygen, and nitrogen, carbonic acid, and so on, reduced to a _ scale small enough for the use of such tiny things as these, who shall say what is not ponderable P The entire bulk of one of these creatures is less than an atom of the gas oxygen, and-yet oxygen passes freely into their system, is divided and subdivided within their tiny body, and handed on to those lilliputian tubes which correspond to our capillaries. In these tubes there must be blood-to say a drop would be a gross exaggeration ; but blood, the whole amount'of which is but an infinites simal portion of a drop, and with a portion of this minute quantity, a portion bearing the same relation to the whole as a drop of our blood to the entire mass, oxygen mingles to produce carbonic acid and generate animal warmth. Talk of imponderables ! Who is to weigh such a quota as this P We cannot even express it in words. This ethereal oxygen, if I mistake not, is the medium of the physical forces, as atmospheric air is the medium of sound. That this is not a mere random guess will appear more fully EB we proceed. Having supplied a medium for the cor- relative forces to work in, the next point for consideration is the determining motive of their special character. I have already stated that the forces and cell tissues change < into each other ; we are now to consider what de- termines these changes. What gives to each particular cell or " mode of motion" its dis- tinctive phase? What stamps it with its current image and superscription ? We know what determines the vibrations I of sound-mechanical impact imparted to the air. A bell gives this impact by the vibrations of its walls; a cannon ball whizzing through the at- mosphere by the inequalities of its surface. I and its impulsive force; a pianoforte by strings thrown into motion by little hammers. There must always be a motor to determine each particular mode of motion, whether of light, heat, or any other force. No motion springs up spontaneously, any more than it can exist in nothingness. We have already provided a medium for the excursions of the "modes of motion" of all physical forces, and are now to provide a sufficient motor. Chemical change will account for much. Wo know, for example, that the heat and light of fire are due to chemical changos in the air and fael; electricity, magnetism, and galvan- ism are exhibits of similar changes ; so are animal warmth, and the processes of diges- tion and respiration. This, however, by no means precludes the possibility of obtaining some of the same effects by mechanical means or other operating causes. Here, again, I ascribe to oxygen the motory, as we have already assumed it to be the medium moved, Its extraordinary powers of affinity, its eaBy mutability, its ubiquity, its subtility, eminently qualify it for the work. It cer- tainly is the right thing in the right place ; though I freely acknowledge that mere fitaeas does not prove the fact that it is so employed. ItB versatility is beyond all dispute. Hore we find it hard and solid as the granite ribs of the earth ; there we trace it invisible and pliant OB the intrenchant air ; in water it flows as a colourless liquid ; in the clouds it floats as a most buoyant vapour ; we inhale it into the lungs, and it freely circulates in the blood of the huge elephant as well as through the tiny blood vessels of the gay motes which dance in the sunbeam. It is rook, it is vapour, it is gas, liquid and solid, aeriform and ethereal, pon- derable in its grosser forms, but wholly defiant of the powers of man to detect its ponderability in ita subtler states. There can be no difficulty in conceiving how such a Proteus by one chemical change may aggravate heat by another light, by a third electricity, and by other changes, either quantitative or of combination, synthetical or analytical, may cause cell tissues to change their form and size. There can be no objection to ascribing to this magician the sleight-of-hand wheh conjures up the whole cohort of physical forces, or changes them, as by a spell, from one form to another. Suppose, for the sake of illustration, this ethereal oxygen to be quiescent, no visible effects are produced. If now a Nasmyth hammer falls upon a pile the whole system of the pile is shaken, snd the ethereal oxygen lodged between its atoms is mechanically dis- turbed. Motion is the immediate consequence, and a melee takes place within the pile, a pushing and a struggle for room. If the dis- turbance is simple the resultant is simple also, otherwise not. That is, if all the pushing and turmoil is precisely uniform, like the vibra- tions of a flute when one particular note is sounded, only one uniform "fashion" of motion will _ be produced, say heat, but if the internal commotion of the pile be of divers kind, the resultants will be divers, and heat, light, elec- tricity, or other forms of motion, will show themselves. In all this battle of the atoms the pile loses nothing of its proper matter. A drop of water is a mine of elec- tricity ; but though eleotricity were to emanate froma dewdrop^enough to furnish a flash of lightning, the couBtiiuents of the drop would remain unchanged. If an the vital force escapes, the water dies, or falls into its original elements. There is nothing unusual in all this. It is what occurs in fifty ways every hour of our life. Eor example : The photosphere of the sun starts into space the vibrations of light, but it no more parts with anything in doing sothan a bell parts with a portion of its metal in the creation of sound waves. [Of eoursel am acquainted with the meteoric theory, but cannot believe for a moment that such a fancy can have any lasting weight with sober minds, nor do I suppose that there can be TOy mighty diffi oulty in proving to demonstration that such a conjecture is wholly untenable; but this proof must not detain us now, nor must our sober judgment be hoodwinked by the imposi- tion of popular names. We shall assume the fact that light and heat are mere " modes of motion," and, if so, can abstract nothing from the substance oí the san or sua'e photo- sphere. It is not conceivable that the rip oles or undulations of light and heat proceeding from the sun can exhaust its potentiality, any more than playing a flate can exhaust its power of giving forth sounds. Without doubt, the force issued can be diverted, and spent by opposing forces, but " issued force " is a very different thing from the power of origi- nating it.] again, the vibratory motions of light impinge on a flower, and the surface of that flower so changes the " mode" that some of the rays recoil with a backward motion, while others become entangled in the flower. In this recoil, which is called its colour, nothing is purloined from the flower. The same may be said of it« perfume, it is a mere¡ " mode of motion," as colour which addresses the eye, heat whioh addresses the skin, and sound which adresses the ear. The odour addresses the olfactories, but in filling the air with sweetness, the flower loses nothing any more than when it fills the air with colour, or when a bell fills it with sound. [This suggestion about odour must stand for what it is worth ; it would be nnadvisable to break the continuity of our subject by running off at a tangent to theories only indirectly or incidentally connected with it.] This is the sort of potentiality I attribute to oxygen, the power of i mi tia ting " modes of motion" of which oxygénation is one. This oxygen is truly most wonderful. We know how readily it combines with other elements ; we know how busy it IB in chemical changes ; we know how universal its distribution, and knowing this we surely assume nothing in claiming for it a power which everything in the world possesses in some degree-the power of originating or changing force. It pervades everything, and holds everything in being. It ÍB in matter the principle of " creation" and the principle of destruction also It holds in being and causes all its mutations. Its manifestations vary, but it is always essenti- ally the same. Thus shape may vary, colour may vary, weight may vary, vary in all their accidents, yet there is a substratum, a something constituting identity, which varies not. It may show itself SB light, it may show itself as heat, it may show itself as electricity, magnetism, cohesion, or what not. These are but different phases of one innate principal of matter That changed thro' all. ana yet in all the same, [One] In the earth, as in th' ethereal frame, Warn» in the ean, refreshes In the breeze, Glows in the star?, and blossoms in the tree«, Lives through »11 life, extends thro' «II extent, Spreads undivided, operates nnspent. Breathes in onr soul, informB onr mortal part« i As fall, ss perfect In s hair as heart. -POPE. (To le continued.) 