THE NOVELIST. IN DEACON'S ORDERS. ST WAIiTEB bksant, Author of "All Sorts and CondlHons of Men,'* "The Captain's Boom," "IheBemit of Man."' "Heir ftnlni: His Else, His Greatness, and His Pall," " Bt. Katherine'a by the Xoirar," <to., &c.; CHAPTER IV. THE DOWNWABD WAT. w nenrau found , aunsett in the streets, he walked away with a well-satisfied look on bis faoe and a smile on his lips. There had baea moments since that time in the Cathedral when be felt some anxiety about his relations with the girl who reproached him continually, yet never quite threw _ him over. It waa all right; she loved him. - It ia always satin factory for a penniless adventurer to feel that he is actually loved by a girl of independent fortune; ana this without respect to his morals or his principles or his practice; he had no desire to marry her. Marriage, with one so full of prejudice would be like wearing a hair shirt, a thing whioh I have always regarded as the height of foolishness; but he could always, he thought, borrow money from her. This reflection, ooupled with a natural buoy anoy of disposition, enabled Paul to keep up his courage, even at this dark moment, when the evening papers had the little inoident in their bills, ana all the world was talking about it, and many ready writers were inventing stories ooncerning the cause of that incident. He went home to his lodgings-he had taken two rooms in a first floor near Russet-square. First he took off his clerical garb-ooat and waistcoat and oollar he laid aBide with some thing like a groan. "When," he asked, "shall I wear these things again ?" He thought of the saintly figure clad in white and the upturned eyes and the hands folded in prayer or extended in exhortation, and he Bigbed a deep and heartfelt sigh. "Thevin dictiveness of that Vicar t" he eaid. "Where is charity f Where forgiveness?" He put on a short black jacket and a blank tie ao that he now looked like only half a clerio, because no disguise could possibly take from his faoe the look which belonged to none other than one of the cloth. Every profession has its typioal face; you may, for instance, oon struot the typical barrister by photographing one upon the other all the faces in all the wigs in aU the Courts, but it is seldom that you find any one man possessed of the typical faoe. So with the young olergymtm; it is seldom, indeed, that you find in one man the typioal clerical face. But Paul had it. ThiB change effected, he spread out blotting pad and paper. "Repentance," eaid Paul the Deacon, "opens all doors. 1 shall make haste to repent." He sat down, therefore, and wrote two letters, one of them he addressed to his late vicar. It was the second letter-you have heard of the first. He deplored deeply any errors-he candidly called them errors-whion he might have committed; he hinted that as regards money he could not understand that any harm had been done. " I merely borrowed of you, as from our common chest, oertaia money wanted for parish purpoees. I forgot to tell you of it. What crime have I com mitted ? As regards the other incident, youth might be pleaded an excuse. But I plead none-I am deeply penitent. I can say no more. Meantime, I have been disgraoed by being turned away from the Bishop at the last moment, in the face of the whole congregation. IB that not enough? I now ask you, first to write to the Bishop withdrawing the charge of fraud, and softening as much as you can-if not withdrawing altogether, which would be the more oharitable line-the other business. This done, he will doubtless receive me at his next ordination. Secondly, I wish to return my character unstained- to my post among our beloved flock. Any little coldness or suspicion will soon pass away. As I said to you the other day, it takes two to make a scandal. I shall not be one. Take oare not to be the other." He added a few tags which he thought might be useful. In the letter which he wrote to the Bishop he complained that a charge of forgery ana fraud had been made out of a perfectly innocent and well-meant act. That, in short, in the absence of the vicar, he had signed his name in order to get Bome money necessary for for parish purposes, not for himself at all. As regards the other matter he abased himself. He asked to prove his repentance by hard work-the hardest-in a poor parish-the poorest-among the worst sinners, himself a sinner. And so on. The vioar when he got this epistle tossed it across the table to his wife. " An impudent hypocrite," he said, " I shall write and tell him so." And he did. The Bishop read the letter with a brow of corrugated iron. "This letter reveals a very unusual mind," he Baid to his chaplain. " One might wish to have the writer here as in a hospital-we want a hospital of Orooked and Crippled Minds and to watch the development of him. Who was it said that the study of mankind is a mathe matical problem, not that every man is an enigma? Here is a creature who commits a common and clumsy forgery; there is not the least reason for believing that he feels the smallest shame or repentance for it; he shows that he has no Buoh feeling. He steals and is detected. He doesn't feel any shame; he thinks the matter will be just passed over. Nay, he now pretends that thp money was wanted for parish purposes. He is a most accomplished liar-a brazen liar. . . I wonder what his industry has been. It is indeed an impudent letter. As for the seoond part of it, the alleged penitenoy is the most palpable sham. There is no true ring about it. Tell him that he must oontinue to repent in order to save his soul alive-^and not in order to get pries to' orders. Tell him also that nnder no circumstances will I allow him to officiate again in my Diooese as a deaoon nor will I bestow upon him the order of the priesthood. This instruction the ohaplain. faithfully even zealously-carried out, so that the young man waa for a short time heavy in spirit, because he knew not how, outside the Church, he was to live. When he had finished these letters it was close upon 7 o'clock. At this time the mind of man naturally turns in the direotion of dinner. This led him to think of his resources, because dinner cannot be obtained without money. He spread out his money on the table and counted it. There were ten five-pound notes, which he had borrowed of his friend at the Club, and there was the sum of £314s. 6d. in gold and silver-total, _ fifty - three pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence. The money constituted his whole possessions. There was a small sum due to him from his late vioar, but then he owed more than that at his former lodgings. Well - fifty-three pounds-there seemed a good deal of spending in fifty-three pounds-four months' spending, perhaps. He would have a little holiday. He dined com fortably, if not luxuriously, at a West-End restaurant with a pint of Sauterene-he was at that time no 'drinker but he lilted, in smal quantities, dainty nines, such as Book, Still Moselle, Santerene or Pooellas. Alter dinner be remembered a place whioh he had not seen since be first assumed the responsibilities of a deacon. It was a palaoe in a certain square, where they have a wonderful ballet every evening. A most admirably oonduoted palaoe, yet not quite the place for the spiritually minded. Thither he fared and gazed at the stage and at the company, which in its turn razed upon him in wonder and in joy, because he was really and unmistakably a parson, and eo few parsons were ever seen in that palaoe. When the performance was over he went out into the square; he did not want to go home, his lodgings would be too dull after the blaze of light, the blare of musio, and the troops of dancing girls. Then he remembered a place where he bad been once taken-a place not far from the Haymarket. Could he find it again ? The establishment called itself a olub doubtless, therefore, it was a club. At the entrance stood a functionary with a gold stripe down hiB legs, and a gold band round his cap who invited "members" to sign their names in a book. Paul signed the name of his vicar, with his address clearly written, and mounted the red carneted stairs. A club indeed it was-a most beautiful club. There was a band playing in one room, a small batad playing softly, a band discoursing a wonderful waltz; there were dancers in that room. The young man looked on and his I brain reeled. Music, and feasting, and wine, | and maidens fair - everything was here. There was another room where supper-tables were laid out; here there was a bar and a young lady dispensing drinks and a waiter opening champagne, and parties of two or of four or of six taking supper with laughter and merriment. And in another room was a pair of tables where they were having a little quiet baccarat; and another room where they were enjoying, rather noisily, a little nap, and another room where there prevailed a deadly quiet, while a few gentlemen in pairs played ecartfe. A beautiful little club; so gentlemanly theManager himself, who was there every night and knew the place, made this remark-so complete a little neaven below. A week later Paul looked ruefully at his purse. Oat of the fifty-three pounds there were left only eight. His holiday, he reflected, had lasted much lees time than he expeoted. Money must be made somehow. In two or three weeks he would be stranded. There was always Maggie-yet he shrunk from begging of her so soon; he did not want, just then, too much talk of oonscience-he must make money. The Ohuroh at least for a time, must be con sidered as out of the question. Now in these days how does a young man hard up-or a young woman-always try to make money ? He writes a story-he always begins by writing a story. The young woman who is hard up does exactly the same thing. Then he sends it to an editor and expeots to have an immense cheque returned immediately. Sometimes he improves hiB chanoes by telling the editor that be has "just dashed it off." Paul the deacon did not do this. He knew a little about things; he knew, for instance, that a story teller very, very seldom springs into existence at a leap but that he grows. He also knew at the outset that he had no power whatever of creating the smallest work of imagination. This knowledge saved him much disappointment. He tried a new and an ingenious plan. (It is not new, because the thing has been worked before but in a more rudimentary manner.) His method was this : He went to the British Museum; he hunted up old magazines, especially American maga zines, of thirty years ago, when they never came to this oountry at alL He found stories there which, with a very little alteration, answered his purpose perfectly. He copied them out, changing names and places, and sometimes altering their dialogue. When the first one was quite ready he sent it to the editor of a certain monthly magazine with a letter. He said in this letter, "I send you what I am certain is a really good story, I have no name in literature, or I Bhould make a bargain with you. As it is, I will let you have it at your ordinary price. You will do well to read it. do not enclose stamps for its return, beoause ; on will not return it except in proof." He I gned himself Paul Hiffe. A very good letter. The thing did come ? ack, in proof, and it was an excellent Btory nd he got a moderate cheque, no doubt as much aB the magazine could afford. The editor Bked for another-and another-and another. Meantime he had tried two other editors, also v ith success. The name of Paul Hiffe began 0 get known. People looked for hiB stories; and he cheques came in-not of course enormous ' heques, but modest cheques, as big as oould 1 e expected. He went no more to the all night olub, and he lived in cheap lodgings. He had found an excellent way of making money, and being as before stated, young and buoyant, he did not ask himself how long the game would last. It lasted for eight months; during this time he bad planted twelve stories ; he had six or seven more nearly ready when the crash came. It came in the form of a letter to the Athenaeum in which the writer pointed out that three stories, all bearing the signature of Paul Hiffe, were all three purloined-he said purloined-from the pages of an old American magazine called The Knickerbocker. This abominable letter also quoted passages whioh showed that the things were not imitations but actual copies word for word, line for line, with only the names changed. Paul saw a reference to the letter in the bill of a morning paper. When he got the Athenaum and read the letter he hastened to change his lodgings and his name. As none of bis editors had ever seen him he was com paratively safe. The unfinished stories in his hands he would send, he thought, under another name to other magazines. He was not greatly concerned about the accident. A little paragraph which followed a few days after concerned him less because he did not see it. In that paragraph it was stated that the " Paul Iliffe" who had juBt been oonvioted of copying old stories and selling them for new was the Rev. Paul Leighan, who had been turned out of the Cathedral at the moment of obtaining priests' orders. " An impudent scoundrel!" said the old vicar. "I said so before. An impudent scoundrel." "This ib his repentance, my lord," said the Bishop's chaplain. Maggie read the paragraph; and this was the man she loved 1 He tried another editor writing under an other name. This suspicious person wrote that the story was very good but there had been certain frauds recently practised upon editors and be must ask him formal reference. He tried again, and got muoh the same reply. That game was ended. The history of the next year or two is obscure. I do not think that any complete record of it could be traced. He became the leading tencrin a wandering company of nigger minstrels, and used to Bing with great feeling, and with upturned eyes, songs of the domestic affeotions. The troupe was only moderately fucceesful, and the Ghost sometimes refused to : -walk. It was probably during the tour, and j j erhaps in consequence of meagre diet, that he | 1 dgan to take irregular nips and drinks. Suoh man does not become a vulgar drunkard; he : ips while the drunkard lapB; but the effeot is mnch the same in loss of will and nerve, and in I deterioration. PerhapB there was little for- j ther deterioration possible. Bnt there was possible recovery, and this possibility began to i suffer loss. The nigger troupe came to a calamitous end. The manager bolted and the'company dis persed, and bad to get back to town and other engagements as beat they could. It was at this iunoture that Paul went on the stage. One of the nigger troupe gave him les sons in the elements.of the art. He was still young and handsome. His voice was still rich and musical; his eyes were still lovely to the young lady of a certain type. Hewentonthe stage, and he might have got on very well. Fortunately his first part in a travelling com pany was that of a curate. He played it Bplendidly,. Never was a curate played with so much sympathy and reality; the upward roll of the eyes never failed to fetch the house; and the ecclesiastical twang, the unctuous drop of the voice, the saintly pose of the hands, seemed to reveal a new actor. They talked of the London stage for him. It was only talk, for the piece came to an end, and he was given another part, in which great things were were expected of him, and behold! he was a stick. He paid no visit at all during this time upon Maggie. She remained in her flat and expected him. But he did not come. Once or twice he wrote for money, but got none. Men like Paul, when they get shabby, cease to present them selves in person. They write begging letters. Maggie visited her friends. Men came and proposed to her-a thing which happens very often to maidens who are both rich and beau tiful. She refused every body and returned to her flat, and waited for tidings. Of the nigger troupe episode Bhe heard nothing nor of the stage business, both of which had been carried underdifferentnames. She had read the "Paul Iliffe" incident. Since then there was silence. But she knew that be would come back some day, some time, and she waited. She had been in love with a ghost-with the original ideal after whom Paul made up: with the soul ex pelled to make room for a devil, She waited for that soul to return to the poor demoniao body. His next step was to the stage of the musio hall as a lion tenor. In this capacity he re turned to the sentimental dittiaB of the nigger company and when he was encored sang. "'Twas in Trafalgar's Bay," and "My Pretty Jane," and "Good-by, Sweetheart." And here he continned for a space of twelvemonths. For salary he did pretty well; sometimes making twenty pounds a week, and sometimes less. He possessed so much dignity that he did not become a lionoomique, nor did he put on fancy costumes, nor did he sing ''Ri-tiddy- iddi-iddi ri-ti-ti." The domestic affections-"Grand mother's Chair," Grandfather's Clock," "The Chord that cracked," and such themes pleased his audienoe. His handsome face and his sen timental eyes-which now suggested the rap tures of lawful and connubial love-pleased the the people, who always like songs of the domestic affections better than anything else you can give them. As for his private life during this period, it was that of the prodigal son; his money was spent in riotous living. Over and over again be would have turned out and told off for a swineherd by his associates save for the fact that next week he was always going to draw another twenty pounds or so. While he was singing an enoore one night he became aware that there was a man in the hall who knew bim. In fact, it was his old friend Homorton Smith who was in the front and had found him. This man sent round his card and followed it. " So, Paul," he said, " this is what you are doing, is it? "This is what I am doing. As you see," Paul replied, shortly. " Yes. you've got a very fine voice. Don't you think you might make a-a more profit able use of it?" " Perhaps you have something more profiable to suggest" " Well-perhaps. Will you come to my chambers and talk? It is a long time since we met last." Paul hesitated. There might be questions -reference to conscience-honour-and other deficiencies. His friend looked serious. There was that last cheque- cnfin, he nodded his head and they drove off together. "You will take a soda and whisky, of course," said his friend, " and a cigar ? Here you are-and now" he threw himself into a chair, and plunged at onoe into things disa greeable. "Your life, I take it, is rough, Paul, isn't it? Quite so. Rather. And companions of the lower kind, presumably; not quite so cul tivated as your old friends of the Cathedral and the Church, perhaps. Too much drink, I should say. Views of life rather lower than you used to maintain. Your face, Paul, shows the fact. It is courBening-and worsening. You are still a handsome man, but something has has been lost." "One cannot always be young." " No. The last time we met was at the club. You called there and found me with Euston Jones who's a journalist. It was the day after the rumpus at the Cathedral. You showed us a letter from the Bishop's chaplain, saying that the Bishop was satisfied of your innocence. That letter was not written by the Bishop's chaplain." "No-I wrote it. , Homerton Smith, when a man is cornered he will fight with any weapon-he muBt." "You had to go out of the civilized world, and you went out of it with a bounce, just as an actor leaves the stage with a shake of the fist at the gallery and a slam slam of the sham exit. You dropped out and we went on with out you. It was a pity, Paul. You are one of those men to whom much is allowed and almost everything forgiven-I myself-but let that pass. You might have lived it down, scandals, and indeed there would have been no scandals. A lady, it seems, interfered, and not only repaid the money to the vioar, but took care of . Well . But then came the Paul Iliffe episode. After that it certainly be came difficult to return." "It was a false charge," said PauL "I did what other writers always do. I found my plots and I used them-Shakspeare did it. Everybody does it." "Very good. You are now on the high road to destruction. Say, old man" he sat up and spoke earnestly, "why don't yon go up in the world instead of down ? I think it must be quite as eaBy." Then began, with the help of this Samaritan, a new experience for Paul the Deacon. He got a variety entertainment written for him with songs and sketches, something after the style of Mr. Corny Grain. Hewasnotaveryversatile actor, because his strength lay almost wholly in the sentimental line, but he couldplav well and his voice was still very good, lie life of the variety entertainer is chequered with light and shade. It is hilly, all up and down, with no high levels and sometimes there are broad bottoms in the valleys. The entertainment 'listed, with the help of friend Homerton Smith, the whole winter. Then Mr. Homerton Smith, being called abroad, the entertainer went bankrupt. He went through the Court, and had to confess, before he got his discharge, that he waB none other but the deacon who because no one would was refused priests'orders under Buch start ling circumBtanoes. This amused and as tonished the world, because when a man ie knocked into spaoe by such an aocident w« never expect to hear of him or from him any more. Nobody knows where they go or how they live. I would willingly pass over the next pas eajre, but the story must be followed out to the end. When he left the Court of Bankruptcy he had, for all possessions, the clothes he stood in and a few pounds in his pockets. He might have fone back to the music hall, .but he was afraid. Everybody now knew from the papers that he was in orders-in Deacon's Orders only, it it true, but the people do not observe nice dis tinctions. He might have had himself adver tised as the "Rev. Paul Leighan, B.A., Lion Tenor," and gone on to meet the applause oi the multitude. That method oocurred to him. Or he might go on without taking any notice of the exposure and be " guyed,rby the gal lery. Not even the most brazen of music hall singers likes being guyed by the gallery, if only because the proprietor considers the faot in the next adjustment of salaries. Paul was still extremely sensitive to the opinions of the house. He'd id not face the gallery. He became, or tried to become, a journalist- that is a picker up of odds and ends. He ran about at night collecting things; he haunted the out skirts of crowds; he stood about in bars ol taverns. But he never made a good penny-a liner. But he did not know what was wanted or where to look for it. The true purveyor ol flimsy must have some knowledge of humanity, together with some sympathy. Paul had only studied one specimen of humanity-him self. This business, never very successful, came to a sudden end-acrash-a disaster-a oollision. The law, in fact, was going one way with great steadiness and resolution, and Paul was going the other way, and they met, with the result that Paul, being wrecked, went iuto seclusion for six months. You must not, you see, sell to a tradesmen the support of the whole London Press-Times, Daily News, Standard, Tele graph, Poet, Chronicle, and all-unless you are able to cany out your pledge. They called it obtaining money under false pretences. And once more the Rev. Paul Cannington Leighan, B.A" figured in the papers, and once more a good part of his record was published for all the world to read, including the scene at the Cathedral, the reason why-only half correot the Paul Jliffe episode, and the bankruptcy. Margaret, in her flat, read the paper. Paul had not seen her since that day when he came straight from the Cathedral. She had read of him from time to time-read of his disgracesand his shames. The man was hopelesely disgraced, degraded, and ruined. Nothing could now restore him to his former place. No repent ance could bring him back to the world of honour. Yet he had still before him all his life-he was not yet thirty. There is always hope for the young-at least it is happily so thought and taught-for my part, seeing the in tensity of the temptation for the young I doubt whether their case is more hopeful than that of the old, who may be vicious, but are no loneer deluded by imagination. " He will come back to me," she said. "I suffered him to kiss me-to speak of love-in the midst of his disgrace. I have made him part and parcel of mvself. When he comes back to me I will" What oould she do 1 