A STRANGE WAR STORY., At the breaking out of the civil tvar I was a mere boy. and our nearest neighbor was a florrid-faced, kind hearted, generous old Quaker. Both he and his good wife had been reared in the south, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty, still retained enough to surround them selves and family with all the com forts which the people of their simple faith care to possess. I u those days their great stone house with its thick "walls, broad verandahs, and low win dows, met my idea of the castles which ?were mixed up with mv meagre know ledge of medieval times. The maca damised road that ran through the farm was lined on either side with locust trees, that in the period of blooming made the air heavy with the perfume of the graceful white blos soms waving in the background of green that they almost concealed. A never-failing spring that bubbled up throueh moss-grown stone was em bowered in the overhanging branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward, and wound i among towering maples. The garden I had the earliest, the latest, and the sweetest flowers. The stock was the j fattest and the best cared for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master and mistress, found a life of comparative ease and plenty with them. The handsome old gentleman was "Grandpa Waterson" to all of us, and the wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow apples, mince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence of & kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always " grandma." Wo noblerpairever trod the pathway of life together, and the sorrows that came upon them suggested to me as a boy the inscrutable ways of Providence. There were two sons in the family, models of physical perfection and manly courage. Ao handsomer could be found. They were over six feet ia31, had the light curly hair, the blue eyes, and the fresh complexion so con spicuous in menof A nglo-Saxon origin. Thev were highly educated, and idol ised'not only by the parents but by the four fair sisters, and untold scores of other people's sisters. One had gone west, a.nd soon established a popu larity that placed him in a responsible public position. The other had remained at home and relieved Grand pa Waterson of every business care. The startling news of active hostili ties flashed over the country. Henry, the elder son, resigued his office, and surprised us all by appearing one afternoon without previous notice. The warm family greeting over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and forgetful that " little pitchers have ears," they allowed me to saunter along- At the spriug we all drank, and then followed a long tramp in the ? shade of the locusts. 1 almost let out a. shout of mingled terror and surprise ?when I heard Henry &ay; to Charles in the language they had always used at home, "Charles, I have decided to enlist." " I have already done so." " Thee can't meant it. Do father and mother know f" " I promised Both to tell them to night. It's more terrible to me than the dread of war." " Thee is nearer to them than I, Charles. I will break the news to father when we get back. No one can soothe mother or break the news bo gently as he. 1 am more than sorry that thee has taken this step, for I came home to prevent it. I wanted to make sure ? th-«it one son and one brother would be left. But it is too late. I have consented to command a ; regiment of sharpshooters, and cannot honorably disappoint them. I will have a gallant lots of boys at my back." Here I broke away so full of impor tance that I ran at top speed. I was going to tell Grandma Waterson. I -would not have those two handsome fellows stopping bullets. But I met iydia, as pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called all her friends by their first names. " Lydia," I shouted between breaths, " Henry and Charlie are , going to enlist. It must be stopped," and bv that time the girl was pale as a ghost, and leaning against the nearest tree. . " Don't thee say another word," she commanded in a determined voice. Uot another word. This must come from brother Henry or Charles. But it will break mother's heart," and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just for sympathy. Only in after years Hid I learn what followed. Henry, in hismanlv straight forward way, told his fat her all. Plead ing, argument, and persuasion on the part of the afflicted old man w ere in vain. It was contrary to the doctrine of the non-resistance, a tenet of the cliurch; it was raising the hand of his son against the relatives who were left in the south, but the brothers firmlv clung to their determination, gently persisting and doing all possible to soften the poignant grief they inflicted. Grandpa Waterson's lips quiveredas he bade Henry good-bye, and the broken-hearted mother clung to the neck of her eldest born until ?unconsciousness released her from the papg of actual parting. A few days later Charles rode forth on his own horse, a gallant black, of Kentucky lineage, and everybody agreed that no finer, braver boy would do battle for the union. He joined the Einggold Cavalry. Early in the , jear he was left wounded on the Held, and was kindly cared for by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with soft, wavy hair, great brown eyes, inviting lips, and a dis position as cheery as the cleaT sun shine after an. April shower. No w oman had a right to resist that big, brave, handsome fellow, and there the union soldier was betrothed to the bewitching champion of secession. Then Annie, for that was her name, began to correspond with Buth, and through this intangible link of con nection, the whole family fell in love with the little confederate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a desperate engage ment his company was scattered, and he was hemmed in on every side; except where the rugged mountains of Virginia towered up behind him. boldly he turned the black, wertflying over foot-paths, leaping chasms, and forcing his way where few could fol low. But there were bold moun taineers in the chase, and when they brought Charles to bay, the gallant stand he made, drawing his sabre when his revolvers were emptied, saved his life for a time. His desper ate courage won the heart of the southerners, and they persisted until he was taken alive. He was sent to Libby, made his eseape, went for days without food, and when at length he found it, ate so much that death followed quickly upon the pangs of starvation. Henry's record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped him. No man of them, westerners though they were, could outride or outshoot him. He led wherever he asked his men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in. couiage. At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot from his horse but still fought ou, and, alter being fatally wounded, three of ; the enemy bit the dust hefore his hand dropped senseless to the ground. His remains came home, and never was brother, son, and neighbor more sincerely mourned. Charley's story was never learned until after the war. But now comes a sequel stronger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson and his wife had borne their sorrows with a fortitude that only people like them'can understand. They talked of their lost boys, and together found a grim pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the youthful experiences and the manly qualities of their dead sons. Time and time have I seen them at the end of the front verandah, overgrown with honey suckles, sitting hand in hand talking of Henry and Charles. One day a letter came from Annie, announcing that she would visit the Watersons. There was great prepara tion, for she would have been Charles' j wife had he lived, and she was dear to ; them in her own right, for she had j never ceased to send those welcome letters, always bright and cheery save when Charles' fate forced its way into her thoughts. She came to a royal welcome. I imagine now that I was over-officious in piloiting her round, pointing out everything that Charles was ever associated with, and gabbling away as a boy, whose voice is at the hen-cack ling stage of advancement, will. " Thee is a great comfort to us," Grandpa Waterson used to say to Annie, and when grandma got her arms around the pretty southerner, there was always a gentle kiss and a sweet-voiced assurance that Annie was just as dear as though she were a I daughter. j Then came a surprise in the shape of a handsome, showy, bold-faced | woman, who announced herself as bav 1 ing been the affianced of Colonel I Waterson, killed at Pleasant Hill. | She bad long meant to visit the family j and make herself known, but had not been able to do so. Colonel Water i son had left everything to her, she produced a will at that late day pur porting to have been made by him. She was welcomed with old-school courtesy, but there was a sober look on every face that she encountered. I called Annie out at once and held an indignation meeting. That woman was a fraud, and I knew it. Henry was not the man to fall in love with ! any such specimen of her sex. I dedicated my time wholly, then and there, to watching her movements and proving my opinion. The result will suffice without the details of my detective work. Grandpa Waterson's watch was missed. All of Annie's most valuable jewellery disappeared, and the adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that she never could trust " niggers. " Then Grandma would gently chide her, and say: "Thee should not judge. All these people are old friends of mine, and faithful." The fraud would turn up her nose and put on a look of contempt, that alway set me boiling. One day at the spring she leaned over to use the clear water as a mirror, and from somewhere about her person dropped the big gold watch that Grandpa Waterson prized most as an heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, and the angry shouts of the woman only added to my speed. I told grandpa, everybody. I wanted her arrested, but, " Thee must leave that matter entirely to me," checked nay ardor. " There must be no talk," he continued. "I will see that this woinan leaves us. Don't plead for her, mother. I will only dismiss her, that is all. And he did, after everything had been recovered and the false will des- < troyed. We never heard of her again. The very next afteruoon there was a great clatter of a horse's feet up the bard road. The rider came like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was. I think that everyone fainted but Annie and myself. She emitted something between a shriek and a gurgle, vaulted over the verandah railing, and landed right in the arms of-big, handsome Charley. He was alive ; he was well. All that we had heard was false. He had survived his suffering after a long illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, and there he was, the picture of health, with Annie in his arms. I sprang into the saddle with a maniacal yell. I got two little darkeys on behind me. We tore over the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folks about the farm were shouting, crying, and welcoming Massa Charles. " God bless tbee, son," was all grandma could say then, while the good old gentleman blinked, tried to look calm as the tears rolled down his cheeks, and then he sobbed: " Charlep, Henry's wish is fulfilled. Thee is left to bless our old age, and thee has also j brought us Annie." Detroit Press. 