CHAPTER XXXIV. A BAD LOOK-OUT POR COKYKltS. Upon the morning succeeding the receipt of his instructions, Sherwald visited the barrister, to whom repeated allusion had been made, and obtained Desmond's address in Wells-street. In sad contrast wich his surroundings, was the desolate figure of Desmond. The young man had recently come in, and had flung himself upon a low couch which he found drawn up before the fire. At Sherwald's entrance, Desmond raised himself, and turned towards the intruder a thin, white face, in which burned two haggard eyes-a face so warm and sharpened with anxiety and grief, that Beryl nimself might scarcely have recognized it. The young man arose with difficulty, yet with an instinctive courtesy that could not desert him even in his misery. He had not undressed nor slept since Beryl's disappearance, and waa physically ex- hausted. 'I I am Mr. Sherwald, Lord Hawkhurst's solicitor," said the visitor. "I am come to you from the earl. Pray lie down again, Mr. Desmond. I shall go at once if you do not," Desmond uttered some faint words of apology and sank back upon his couch, again motioning his visitor to be seated. Sherwald drew a chair to the corner of the hearth, where he would be iu full view of his host, hud sat down. " Lord Hawkhurst has heard of your marriage, Mr. Desmond," ho said, plunging into the subject at once, " and also of the sad affliction that has fol- lowed it. He desires me to offer to you his hearty sympathy, and he begs you to use his purse as if it were your own in prosecuting your search for the missing lady." The tone and manner of the solicitor were full of respectful sympathy. Desmond's lips quivered. " He is very kind," he said. " I haYe no need of money, but I thank him for his kindness." "Have you found no clue to Mrs. Desmond yet?" asked tho solicitor. " None-none !" " I have heard something of the sad story from our mutual friend, Mr. Dallas, in whose office I saw you yesterday morning," said the solicitor, gently. "I am come here as your friend, Mr. Desmond, and as Lord Hawkhurst's friend, and not B3 an inquisitive curiosity-seeker. If I can be of any assistance to you, I beg you to command me." The gentleness of Sherwald's manner, the genuine air of sympathy, toched Desmond's tortured heart. " I cannot think that Bhe ia dead," he said ; " and yet she was wild with fever, and may have flung herself into the river while in a paroxysm of delirium. But if she is not dead, think of her wandering alone, sick with fever, helpless, beauti- ful, friendless ! We have searched the hospitals every place where she might be-but from the moment in which she crept away from Westminster Bridge, at the rough command of the policeman, all trace of her seôras lost." " Is it not strange that a fever should come upon her BO suddenly ?" " Perhaps so. She waa herself at the church, and I saw no indication of approaching illness then. She has been a daily governess, ill-paid and overworked. The excitement of the marriage proved too much for her, and precipitated her ill- ness." " Could she have had any possible reason for flight?" asked Mr. Sherwald, gravely. "Pardon me, Mr. Desmond. Don't be offended. Every possibility should be considered in a case like this. Was there any mystery in her life? Was there anyone of whom she waa afraid ?" " She had no one to fear-no one. She was a mere child in years-only just seventeen-but she was a widow. Her first marriage had been un- happy. She was educated in Switzerland. Last June she became acquainted with a young English- man and married him at Geneva in August. In September he lost 'his life in attempting an ascent of Monte Bosa. She never wore mourning for him. She knew no one in England, had no enemies, and her flight is to be explained only upon the ground of brain-fever. Sherwald was thoughtful. "Did she take anything with her ?" he asked. " Nothing-not even her dressing-bag ! I hope you may be able to help me to some light on this subject," said Desmond, wearily. " My brain is all confused. Come with me up to her room, Mr. Sher- wald. Everything is as she left it. You shall see that even her jewellery is there, and you will com- prehend, as I do, that her flight was but an im- pulse of her fever. Come." Desmond arose and took up a lamp from his table and led the way upstairs. He had the kev of Beryl's room in his pocket and unlocked her door and ushered Sherwald in. The alcove in which stood the bed was shut off by the glazed doora. The grate was empty. The room was chilly and desolute. One trunk, strapped and labelled, stood near the door. The dressing bag-a wedding gift to Bei yl from Desmond- stood on the table. Another trunk stood open in the centre of the room to receive the wedding-gar- ments. The wedding-robe waa thrown upon a sofa in a careleas heap. In the tray of the open trunk waa the jewellery that had belonged to Beryl's mother, and which had been given to Beryl oy her uncle, William Star, upon the occasion of her me moiable viBit' to Starwood, Some of thi8 jewellery had been sold to procure the garments necessary for Beryl's second marriage, but a few pieces still remained. " Is her purse gone ?" asked the solicitor. " It's on the table, empty," aaid Dearaond. Beryl's old pocket-book, indeed, lay there. She had procured one before her second marriage, the old one being too shabby for further use ; and, as has been explained, the new pocket-book, with over fifty pounds in money in it, had been in the pocket of her travelling-suit when she had fled. Sherwald examined the empty purse, and wandered about the room, examining object after object. He came to the open trunk, and having asked permission, looked over the little store of jewels. " She would not have left these if her flight had been premeditated," he thought. " Of course the poor girl, in a paroxysm of brain fever, went and drowned herself." There was a set of filigree jewellery, broken and discolored as it had com? to Beryl. It was of small value now, save as' a memento. But the article of most importance was a necklace of gold beads in tiny cubes, each cube set with a minute diamond spark. The clasp was set with a larger gem of the purest water. The ornament was very quaint and peculiar, and attracted Sherwald'e.keen attention. He turned it over in his hands, seeking to find an inscription upon the clasp, or amid the delicate engraving covering each golden aube, but he found none. Desmond did not heed this absorption, having covered his face with his hands. ' " Was this a gift to Mrs. Desmond from you, sir?" asked Sherwald, at last, holding up the necklace on her hand." Desmond started and looked up, shaking his head. "I never saw it before," he said hollowly, and hid his face again. " Will you lend it to me for a day or two ?" asked the solicitor, eagerly. " I will return it soon." Desmond nodded assent. Sherwald rolled up the necklace in a bit of paper and stowed it in his pocket. The two presently re- turned to Desmond's rooms. They had scarcely done so, when the postman's knock was heard, and the housemaid came hurrying upî with a letter for Mr. Desmond. Sherwald took it at the door, and delivered it to his host. The young man took it idly, glanced at the address, and sprang up as if galvanized, his face flushed and wild. " From her ! From her !" he ejaculated. " She ia not dead !" He tore open the letter, and devoured its con- tents. " Not dead ! Oh, what an exquisite relief !" he said, when he had read it again and again. " It is as I thought. She wandered away in her fever. She meant to kill herself, but did not. She has a vagary of her fever still, but she says she has found shelter. Oh, my darling, my love, my wife, where is she ?" He gave the letter into the solicitor's hands, and began to pace the floor in a wild excitement. Sherwald read the letter attentively, every faculty sharpened to keenness. He saw no vagary of fever in that profound despair of Beryl's. Ho started when he read that she had seen her hus- band, whom she had believed dead, at the very door of the church, after her marriage to Desmond. His face changed colour when ho read the name of Vane Conroy, as the name of her first husband. " Poor child ! My poor, fever-stricken little wife, said Desmond, in an agony of yearning. " You see her chimera ! She had worked too hard and had not been well nourished. She fell ill from over-ex- citement, and doubtless fancied that her first hus- band hadvcome back from his grave to reproach her for her too speedy marriage with another! Where can she have found refuge ? Has some good Samaritan taken her in ? Or is she in evil hands ? I must go to the police station at once with thia new clue." He seized his hat as he spoke. " Wait," said Sherwald, pityingly. " My dear Mr. Desmond, you go upon the ground that your that this lady is delirious. Let U3 talk the matter over. Did she see her husband buried after his death ?" " No ; they never found his body. It slipped into a crevasse." " Ah ! Can you bear my opinion, Mr, Desmond P -though it's only my opinion. I think she is not delirious at all-only nearly wild with despair." " How-what ?" "I think," said Sherwald, steadily, "that her former husband was not killed in Switzerland-that he counterfeited death to be rid of her-that he waa in London-that she has seen him !" Desmond dropped into a chair, weak as on.0 dying. There was water on the table. The solicitor filled a glass and placed it to the young man's lips. " Leave me," said Desmond, in a whisper. " I want lo be alone." Sherwald longed to utter words of comfort, but here he was dumb. He stole out of the room softly, as from the presence of a dying man. He returned in his cab to his own law-chambers, in a wide court off High Holborn, are very near to Lincoln's Inn Fields. A tall, lank clerk waB stand* mg upright, and was hard at work copying folios. He lookel up at his employer's entrance, bowed re- spectfully, answered a few questions, and resumed his work. Mr. Sherwald threw off his hat and over-coat, warmed hid hands at the dull fire, and said i "If Lord Hawkhurst should drop in, show him into my private room, Hallet. I will see no one else to-day. The solicitor passed into the adjoining room, stirred up his fire, walked around his room onGO or twice, and then sat down at his desk and proceeded to examine anew and at his leisure the peculiar necklace Desmond had lent him. " I thought last night that Conyers had some secret interest in this history of Mrs. Desmond," he muttered. " What if Vane Conroy, the man who was BuppoBed to have perished on Monte Rosa, should be Rollyn Dane Conyers, the future Earl o£ Hawkhurst ? "is the idea too improbable ? Let me think. Conyers was on the continent when Lord Hawkhurst summoned him to England. He was at Geueve. He must have received the earl's letter about a week before the supposed death of 'Vane Conroy.' The earl confided to me his plans concerning the disposal of Hawks' Cliff. He in- tended to make that one of his two young kinäraea his heir who should marry the heiress of Crag thorpe, and so unite that estate to Hawks' Cliff. Suppose he mentioned that intention in his letter to Conyers. Suppose Conyers conceived then the idea of ridding himself of his young wife- taking it for granted that Mrs. Desmond was his wife and so planned his pretended death. She believed in his death. He came to England, won the heiresB, married her. His wife, thinking herself a widow, marries Desmond. But how happens it that Desmond never suspected Conroy and Conyers to be the same ? It was Conyers whom Mrs. Desmond sow at the church-door. She fainted at sight of hira. By Jove, I've found the very heart of this mystery ! "The necklace is old," he said, a little later, arousing himself byan effort. "It must have been in Conyers' family a long time. I wonder if Lord Hawkhurst would recognise it ? He used to know Conyers' father well in their youth, and may have seen this very necklace in his possession. The pioud heiress of Cragthorpe has a bitter humilia- tion in store for her. And as to Mrs. Desmond, where is she ? Can she bave taken refuge in Conyers' protection ? He is her husband." Greatly perplexed and troubled the solicitor pondered the case, going over it incident by in- cident, putting hitherto unconsidered facts together until a network of circumstantial evidence had be- come inextricably woven abont Dane Conyers, and he had no longer the faintest doubt of Conyer's guilt. About the middle of the afternoon, whilo he still sat in a brown study, Lord Hawkhurst was ushered in. The solicitor sprang up and greeted his employer and assisted him to remove his great-coat. The earl accepted a seat. " Have you seen Desmond to-day ?" he asked abruptly. " Yes, my Lord. I found him athis lodging." " Has he found his wife ?" " No, my Lord ; but ho got a letter from I e while I was there. It seems she is safe soraewi t"e ; she did not say where." The earl knitted his brows together fiercely " You don't mean to say the girl is an ad- venturess, and has been making a fool >" Desmond ?" he demanded, sharply. " No, sir. She supposed herself a widow, au 1 is a good woman, I dare say, else Desmond would M it go mad about her. She is but a young thing .inly about seventeen. She was supposed to be a widm, since last October, but the truth is, as I underat i nd it," said the solicitor, "her worthless husband m not dead, but has turned up again." " Then Desmond has married a woman wir '?< husbend living!" " That seems to be the truth, my Lord." " Poor fellow. We must have him up at Hu hurBt House, at once. Conyers and Octavín, m t cheer him up! He mußt not be allowed to bli. his career by running away and hiding him»' I' i some foreign country, as he'll be apt to do so. woman must have been in great haste tni u again, upon my soul ! What was her first hw- . < ? A gentleman, or a coster- monger ?" " He called himeelf a gentleman, no doubt," i Sherwald, who was in no mind to declare to i Hawkhurst the entire truth concerning Dann n» yera until he could prove every charge ht> sim < ' make. " The thing must be kept out of the newspii t said the earl. "Don't let the rascally rep get hold of it, or there'll be no end to the F> I Desmond has picked his pearl np out of the . > < indeed, and has fallen into the gutter him»'") believe the woman is a designing creatuit> > L what you called Mrs Conyers, you remember > Desmond ! Sherwald, I have a good mind tod < that thousand a year I set down in my will for ' ' mond. Poor devil ! He doesn't deserve his i ' ' tune. Get me my will." The solicitor unlocked the great door of th The upper half of the interior of the bn»i i ceptacle was divided into pigeonholes, whicb > > all appropriately labeled. From one of these holes he drew out the will of the «arl, which had been so lecently executed. Lord Hawehurst broke the seals of the envelope and glanced over the document. He was dissatis- fied, he hardly know why. "I'll make a new will altogether," he said, thoughtfully. "Of cou se, Conyers IB to he my heirj but I like Desmond, and I would like to make better provision for him. Sherwald, Fll will hun Hawberry Grange That's worth two thousand a year, and is a gentleman's residence, worthy even a Desmond. Draw up au entirely new document precisely like this, with that single change in íegard to Desmond. As to this-" He leaned over the high wira guard and laid the document upon the fire. It bhued up and burned to ashes. Sherwald started ; then drew a breath of relief " I wish, my lord," he said, earnestly, " that in the new will you would place the name of Noble Desmond as your heir " " And have this scandal of his perpetuated to all futurity ?" scoffed the earl " No, Bir No man with any stain upon his name shall inherit Hawks' Cliff by my consent. The future owner of my estates must not only be a man of honour-D esmond is that-but he must bo one whom no breath of scandal has touched, whose life is spotless, whose marriage is a honour to his family See ©esmond again. Tell him to get rid of this woman. We must marry him off to some noble lady and settle him at Hawberry Grange. People will then forget this escapade of his, for a marriage with a woman who»e antecedents are not known is an escapade Diaw up the new will, Sherwald, and I'll sign it at my leisure There's no hurry I shall live fifty years yet, perhaps. But Desmond eau have Hawberry to live on, as Boon as he marries to suit me " The earl watched the blue thin ghost of the burnt will flicker on the coals, and then turned away and paced the room. Sherwald went back to his safe. Suddenly Lord Hawkhurst gave a great cry and bounded foward, clutching at the necklace upon the solicitor's desk The earl's face was purple, his eyes starting, his breathing stortoioua. Sher- wald hastened to him, thinking him threatened with apoplexy. "This-thiB?" gasped the earl, Bhaking the necklace " Whose P Where ?" He sat down, trembling and weak " That," said the amazed solicitor, " I think her first husband gave it to her You recognize it, my Lord ?" " Whose ? Whose is it ?" " Hers-the woman with two husbands, my lord It belongs to Desmond's wife '" " To Desmond's wife ' Then let it bo your firBt task, Sherwald, to find Desmond's wife ' Merciful Father ' What does it all mean ? Desmond's wife ? Desmond's '" The earl stuffed the necklace into his pocket. Ho asked presently for a little brandy, which Sheiwald gave him Then he went away, gum and impene- trable, with a mighty shadow on his brow. (To be continued.) What long strides in physical progress would bo made if one was reared with reference to giving his body the best care possible ' As it is, many a man spends moro vital force m digesting his 6 o'cloU dinner than he does m attention to his busines , and many a woman spends more nerve, vigjur, and strength m contending against the bud condition imposed by unhygienic fashions than she spends in any uoeful walk in life If she would only contend against them with reference to freeing hertelf from their bondage it would be to some purpose Nature ia inexorable, and any violation of her laws, whether done in wilf ulnesa or ignorance, will surely meet with punishment, lhe laws which govern di^c^ tion are just as Btern as those of giavitation It a person does not suffer immediately from abusing his stomach, there will be a cutting off of thedigcs tive faculties later m life The stomach, liver, heart, lungs, and kidneys are the organs most likely to give out, for they are the ones most sub ject to abuse, paiticularly the first two Then headaches make their presence felt, a pain is experienced in the chest, back, or side, with a con ttnual bearing down ia the lower part of the loins , constipation ensues, and defecation cannot be obtained without the use of violent purgatives, the water bocomea discoloured, and burnB winn passing, and is frequently oily, muddy, or thick Indigestion also sets in, and the food instead of being properly digested and assimilated is merely passed through the alimentary canal at the patient's sole risk Nature s laws must be obeyed, or the greatest danger is me vitible Where any unusual sennations pains or aches aro expenenced it is proof positivo that something is wrong and ae the tendency after manhood is always towards decay, pro »pt measures must be adopted to resuscitate the diseased organe, and we can honestly recommend patients to use Clements Tonic This is a genuine article We wish there were more patent medicines on the market of Bimilar value, it would be well for the world at large Clements Tonic IB honestly what it profssBes tobe, a scientific antidote to the causes of diseases, of debility, im paired wtahty, or weakness of any kind You can call diseoso by what name you like, if it springs from debilitation of any kind Clements' Tonic is the proper and only reliable remedy Neuralgia is one of the first and most reliable symptoms ot approach mg physical decay, and Mr A J Scott, " Daily Telegiaph" office, Launceston, Tasmania, gives his endorsement thus -" Sir,-In -justice to you, and in the interests of similar sufferers, I write this in the hope that many in trouble may be induced to try Clements' Tonic, also that the sale of such a genuine article may be increased My wife was a dreadful sufferer from neuralgia for over twelve months she had all kinds of remedies without the slightest benefit, but after seeing Clements' Tonic advertised in the local papers for some time, I pro cured a bottle, and BIIC found considerable benefit in two days, in fact felt better after the first few doses, she continued Clements' Tonic until one and a, halt bottles were taken, and now, I am thanktul to say she is perfectly well and has had no return of the pain, an 3 we have great hopes that the cure will prove permanent You may use this unsolicited testimonial as you may think best, and I will only be too happy to give fuller particulars at the above address " Otto Fischer, Esq, Ptesideut, Asoocia tion Giaphic Arts, Sydney, writes under date Jan uary 23, 1891 -' Saber-street, Woollahra, N b W -Dear Sii,-Walking up and down my verandah in the agonies of neuralgia, a sympithiBirg neigh bour told me how her mother was cured, after yearB of suffering and no end of expense in medical treatment, by Clements' Tonic Though no believer in patent medicines, the increasing pain got the better of my preiudioe, and I think it only my duty for the relief the firBt bottle gave me Clements' Tonic nas done me good and I shall take good care never to be without it, and heartily recommend it to suffering humanity "' Such letters as these must satisfy the most unbelieving, the only point is that sufferers must be careful to get the genuine Clements' Tonic No OTHBB WILL DO Labora- tories, Sydney, NSW. 5475 