SIX MONTHS IN THE GRANDE ; CHARTREUSE. Articles about the Grande Chartreuse from the outside and cursory obserations by passing travellers are common enough; but it is not often that we have the opportunity of reading intimate impressions from inside. This, however, is what is given us by 9 writer ia a recent number of the Dublin Review, whospent six roontbsrecentlv at the monastery as a novice:— The novice's account of his experiences begins with the ceremony of introduction to the cloister. «' Don Julian (the novice master) washed and kissed my feet, reciting the Miserere, and then shod me in the manner peculiar to the order, that ie, in stockings of thick flannel, terminating in gaiters, over which were drawn flannel slippers, and finally a pair of square-toed, thick soled-sboes. Human ingenuity, by the end of the eleventh century, had not y«t devised a garment that should be stocking and sock in one, and conservative in this as in other point of gieater importance, the Carthusians still follow the fashions of that far off epoch." In this ceremony there is of coiirse religious rymbolism. The pilgrim arriving from tbn world soiled and stained " puts bis shoes trom off his feet for the place whereon he standeth is holy ground;" but, "like all the vestments now devoted to exclusively religious u»es by the Catholic Church, the divided stocking of the Carthusian, to day fraught with monastic meaning, was originally the ordinary. garment of the world at large." The Carthusian'6 "cell" is not so mrch a cell as a.cottage. On the ground floor there are two room-, one'of which is a workshop containing carpeutbis tools and a turning-iatha; the other is stocked with wood, whith the recluse has to cut up for his fire. Upstairs there are time rooms— an ante-room (furnished with a lev prints, a crucifix, and a statue), a living lo^n with bed, and a tiny library with just iu.m for bookcase, ch til-, and table. In addition to the rooms described each monk's "reserve'' contains a passage, •lOi't. by 12ft., whi eerve:! as his exercise-ground wlipn tin* weather makes garden work impossible. Each monk has a small garden, in which he can spend one and a balf hours' recreation after dinner. The living room is . the real cell. In it from five to seven hours daily are spent in solitary prayer and study. A plain crucifix and a few devotional prints are its only ornaments; its furniture a stall and pne-dieu, a wooden bedstead, a small table, a 6tove, and a chair. The Carthu'slanY order of the day has often been described. There is more novelty in the menu of his dinner. The dinner hour is noon, and our novice's bill oi fare was as follows :—Soup, fish, eggs, vegetable, cheese, butter, and fruit, washed down by a bottle of pure red Burgundy. The supper (4.30 p.m.) consists generally of an omelette and a little salad and truit. The Carthusian feeds, as he lives, in solitude. Only on feaet days are meals taken in the refectory. Once a week, however, the rule of solitude and silence is broken, and monks go in two companies for a walk and talk among the hills. They chat merrily of their progress in singing or at the turninglathe. They revive the memories of early days -or discuss their studies. Eut even in their walks they do not forget their task of perpetual prayer and devotion. " A young monk will mount on a boulder and relate in simple language some events from the life of a saint;" or they will " kneel down and pray a little, nnd then a happy inspiration occurring to one of us, he intones the Ave Maria Stella, which we all take up. Every tourist who visits the Grande Chartreuse is taken to hear the midnight mass from the strangers' gallery. Here is our novice's account of it from the choir:— "At midnight, while men are plunged either in sleep or feverishly pursuing the pleasures of sin with their infinite sadness, the Carthusian wends his lonely way through the chill cloisters to the church, where he unites with his brethren in gravely modulated chant. The monks have entered sod taken their places, and are standing white and motionless in their stalls; the church is in darkness except for the faint glimmer of the sanctuary lamp. At length the prior gives the signal, and throngh the silence of the night rises the pat be tic, everlasting cry of the children of men to their Father in Heaven, ' 0 God, incline unto mine aid;' the deep-toned voices of the community continue the inspired words, ' Lord, hasten to my help;' and then, profoundly bowing inlowlyadmiration,' Glory be to the Father, to the Son, and to the ; Holy Ghost,' Aqd for two hours and more in alternate psalm and canticle these,men of God will plead the cause of their brothers before the Throne of Infinite Mercyi" 