AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. August is coming and yet we are here; yet we are unprepared; yet we have no candl dates ready. And thus it goes on and goes on, and I know that as it has been in the past, so it will bo in Uio future —namely, Unit about ft wcok of tor I ho second Thursday in August (pulling day') (hose alleged would-be but ilon'l-liuo-to-bo candidates will bo Haying to (heir friends, ‘‘By Jovo, if I bod known a wool; or (wo oarhw what I know now, I d ha vo made Cr. El I is drop another deposit; or “Look boro, (hero's Bill Smilb, ot tho Ilrowora’ Tied Arms und Tat llyau of the Hulifi-in-Cbarge Hold —inon that fed in a of tho electors in Ihdr ward. They tell me Carol in would have hud no allow a-aiiint mo if I’d come out ;” or “ Hailes— 1 Hailes he shot-people up our way have sud denly tinned against him. I’d havo had a least six voles against him in (he street where he lives, and I’m assured by Tom Jackson, the mining manager, that I’d have had the same’proportion all through the wivrd,and tho votes of »H the men in his mine. I’m really sorry I didn’t oppose Hailes.” I ! va heard (hose yarns many a time and oft before, and about (lie 20th of this August lire in hopes of hearing thorn again. And •s there a ratepayer in (ho Borough of Eagle hawk and Uaywood or shires of Marong, Huntly. Btrathllcldsaye, or other of our municipalities, who have not heard tho same ridiculous ftftor-the-oventboasting? That party by the name of Johnson, the alleged miner of McCrao-stroct, is likely to do a lot of barm (or good) in connection with the Bendigo City Council, duties and its sometime extravagances. There has, by I ho way. been no mayoral dinner this year. Its all owing to Johnson. Nor was there any ma>oral procession to church after tho good and serious example sot by Mayor Hoskins, who. by the bye, borrowed tho idea from Jio pL'ftsantrv-tlown-trocldon hy tho KquiretirouN eiim-Establislunont of his native village. This, too, was dropped, I fear, because “ Johnson didn’t approve of it. and wouldn’t have fol lowed in Minor Abbott’s procession to his church, nor Chinese doctor Ham Soy to his, should,’ ponidventaro, that eminent Chinese practitioner ever become mayor of Bondigo. Johnson burs the wav. But again touching the mayoral dinner Unit was never touched, Johnson completely cooked that dinner. Tims at these dinners it has been the. custom —broken on one occasion only—-to present (he cvmayor with a rather expensive piece of art called an address. The money for it comes out of tho municipal revenue. The l.ocal Government Act docs not provide for the ratepayers’ money being expended in this fashion. Bo for fear of Johnson, Or. Hoskins, tho ox-mayor, decided not to accept, an ex mayor’s address; for fear of Johnson (ho oilier covmeiltors didn’t press him much to take one. Then as there was to bo no presentation, Mayor Abbott came to the eon kdusion that a dinner without an illuminated address for his predecessor in ollico would he like Hamlet without tho ghost, and decided not to have any. Doubtless there are a feu stomachs about the town which missed (he good things and the trimmings, and a few others who wore disappointed in not getting tho opportunity of getting off ono or more of thoir wearisome and twaddlcsomo impromptu speeches, but (lie general community would not have known that there had been no mavornl dinner nor ox-mayoral address this year unless I’d told thorn. Instead of regaling a score or so with rich food and expensive wines to which most of the guests who would have been thero havo no lack in their own houses, if they are of tho sort that go in for such things, tho mayor, it will be remembered, regaled a few tons of thousands, throughout tho summer months, with music in the evening in the camp reserve, and thus used tho mayoral dinner money to give plea sure to tho many, instead of to tho few. By (ho bye, if Cr. D, B. Lazarus is to bo tho next mayor, those summer evening con certs will ho safe, and perhaps be will go in for a development of the idea, for that young gentleman is a bit of a virtuoso himself, ami so happily compounded in what goes to make up tho disposition of a man that ho delights to bo happy himself and sco people happy around him. And then, oh, what a grand ball be could give, and oh, again, bow infinitely delighted our good old town-clerk would bo about this Lime next year, if ho had the privilege of arranging tho “opening sot," with young Cr. Lazarus and a newly made young- Mayoress Lazarus at the top of it, or mayhap tho mayoress as tho partner of Earl Hopeloun. However they say that Cr.Ellis is to ho the mayor for tho coming year, and Cr. Lazarus the next one. In cither event everybody will he pretty well salisliod, but if Young Bendigo were to bo consulted it’s easy to predict bow tho voting would go. It’s another proof of the prosperity of Bondigo that there 1ms for months past boon ( a regular dearth of auction sale announce ments. This time three or four years ago it was quite depressing to citizens, whatever it was to the auctioneers, to read announcement after announcement in which the formula occurred, “ By instructions of Mr. , who is leaving the district.” Now a whole month will by without these depressing words catching the eye of tho auction-column reader. There are sales advertised in tho paper, but few of them are through stress of circumstances, most of them being of country lands, tho owners of which, having made competencies, arc dcsirious that others should take their places (for a price) and do likewise, or of people who are taking advant ago of the present prosperity as a good time to realise. The Eaglehawk Local Option Committee are, it appears,’ not) going to abate ono of those 32 hotels. They are going to close tho whole 32, or let the whole 49 remain open. Now, I don’t think (hoy are acting with the wisdom of tho serpent, combined with tho gentleness of tho dove. They should, so as to give the “moderates” a fair chance to vote with them, throw in a few more than 17. They then could vote solidly for the statutory number, and if they didn’t win on that, a handful or two of votes for 20, 25 or even 30 hotels added to their own,would still givo the temperance party a very considerable victory. As ono of the “Anti’s” remarked, “If they go for 25 hotels, they’ll beat us ; if they keep fast on 17, its all over bar shouting,” That is, I think, (lie general impression here in temperance circles in Bondigo, How pleasant it would be. loo, for some of the “worn-out” miners and “poor widows’* to be “local optioned” out of their hotels, with a couple of hundred or three hundred pounds of Govern ment money in thoir pockets, instead of, ns some of thoir poor people will assuredly be before the end of this year, or tho next at furthest, have to go out of tho houses with out local option and withoift compensation money, hut, perhaps, in debt and the bailiff sitting around watching that they don’t carry away their hits of furniture and household stuff. A successful local option poll is some times a veritable godsend for the poorest of the publicans—as acceptable ns a railway ncccjdcnt, when ono is not hurt too much, but just enough. And now with grog with 3s more duty on it, and a tax impending on beer of 3d a gallon, I think if I wore a tenant publican in the Eaglehawk electorate, I’d go to church to-morrow and pray fervently as I never prayed before that the local optionista may win on Wednesday next. Many of those 49 hotels only give tho licensees a hand to mouth existence ns it is. What will it bo when they have to pay moro for their grog and beer? 