SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. [By 'Nunquah Dormio.'] Melbourne, December 6. THE TURF. The weights for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, to be xun at the New Year's Day Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, were declared yesterday, and serve to give a little additional fillip to things in connect ion with the Turf in Victoria at the present time. These have been frightfully dull of late, and even the good old meetings of the Bandigo Jockey Club and Ballarat Turf Club, which were brought off during the past fortnight, have not caused more than the-faintest tremor of excitement in racing circles. There are 61 horses handicapped for the sprinfcevent and 47 for the Bagot Handi cap, and no»v the thing is to try and select the animals that may be wanted on the voyage -in other words to separate the sheep from the goats. I like Linburn and Ascot Vale, on the 8sfc 131b. mark in the Standish Handicap, and would not look further than Ascot Vale for the winner were he fit and well on the day, with the ' right push ' backing him. Travelling downward, the next to catcb. my eye is Quality (8-3), followed by Deerswood (8-7), Lord Hopetoun (8-6), Malolo (8-6), Magic Circle (8-5), Competency (8st.), First Boolka (7-13), Croramia (7'11). The Harbour Light (7'8), Templestowe (7'8j and Emblem (73). There's a baker's dozen for you ; and of the crowd commend me to Competency, Ascot Vale and The Harbour Light. Tttan. Hatrov Jack. Gaillardia. Berrlean and Silverstream were scratched for the Standish Handicap as soon aB ever the weights appealed, albeit to my mind both Berrigan and Silverstream were remark ably .well in. Iv7ous venoms— perhaps about Sewinarket Handicap time. G'Naroo was likewise struck out of the Bagot Handicap. The Bagot Handicap is a bit easier to tackle — or at least, on the first blush, it looks a little easier. Traveling down the list, the first I shall stop at will be Correze (6st.), after whom commend me to Tarcoola (812), Portsea (811), Annesley (8-5), Figeontoe (8'2), Yarran (8st.), Ducrow (7-12), Lord Hopetoun (7'11), Comedian (7-9), Norbert (7'5), Newman (71), and Dundas (7st.) And from amongst these I shall pick me out for special distinction, Pigeontoe, Annesley, and Comedian. The erstwhile New Zealand champion, Tirailleur, yielded up the ghost on Satur day, never having recovered the injury he received to his shoulder when he fell over Pilot Boy in the Melbourne Cup. There can be no two opinions but what the son of Mupket and Florence Macarthy wa3 at the very topmost rung of the ladder of racing fame when he was a three-year-old, in the land of his nativity, as he never suffered defeat, annexing no less than ten races, amongst them being the Hawke's Bay Guinea?, New Zealand Cup, Canterbury Jup, Onflow Plate, Great Northern Derby, Auckland Plate and Wanganui Derby. For ill that I could never stand the ' gush' of some. of his admirers to the effect that he was a ' bettor horse than Carbine.' He was a terribly unfortunate ho:se in Australia, for on toe day he arrived in Melbourne he was injured through the train in which he was being conveyed to Caulfield running off the line at Jolimont, his tail being brofeen in the contretemps; whilst a few weeks prior to the Melbourne Cup, wbeu he Has beginning to show something like his old form, he partially broke down, causing his trainer, Percy Mar tin, no end of trouble His owner, Mr. S. H. Gollan, sailed on Sat urday in the Oceana, on a trip to the old country. At the beginning of this lttter I mention ed the old-established racing clubs at Ben digo and Ballarat, and en passant I may as well inform you that the action of some of our metropolitan proprietary clubs in ar ranging fixtures for the same day has been very freely commented on in racing circles, and so strong has been the expression of opinion on the subjeet that it is extremely probable the Victoria Kacing Club will take some drastic action next season to pre vent mocey-making speculations (pure and simple) clashing with clubs who for years and years have supported nothing but legitimate sport. It would be a fatal mis take to allow our country clubs to be ruth lessly wiped out. i The bubble-and-squeak in connection with Etra Weenie's win in the Oaks has almost died completely out, the death-blow being administered last Thursday in the columns of Melbourne Punch by a very dis tinguished Englishman at present on a fly in a visit to the eastern colonies, who de livers his soul in no uncertain manner, as follows: — - WIN, TIE, OR WRANGLE. (To the Editor of Melboure Punch) Sir) — I am a visitor to Melbourne, and was present at Flemington the other day, and from the top of the grand stand there had a splendid uninterrupted view of the tace for the Oaks from start to finish. I saw the finish most clearly, and it fills me with amazement and wonder that people should be found ready to come forward and write such extraordin ary nonsense as has lately appeared in the columns of one of your sporting papers. Etra Weenie gave Trieste a very fair and square beating, there can be no sort ©f doubt about that j and all the more honour is it to Etra Weenie that, sick and sorry as she was, she was able to stick to her guns and stay out the finish in such a plucky and resolute style. The Musket blood will tell. 1 can understand the owners of Trieste being very tore at receiving such an unex pected and decisive licking, but it beats me that having received this licking they are unable to take it in a spoitsmanlike way, but must wran gle and talk columns of rubbish on the subject. Win, tie or wrangle. I have witnessed many hundreds of races on the turf in England, and I am sure that had such an obiection been brought forward at Home it would have been dismissed directly the stewards met, for it was mast clear to any unprejudiced spectator that any bumping that may have taken place was perfectly accidental, and caused by the distress of the two fillies in a punishing finish; that they were both equally to blame, and that the result of the race was in no way affected By the bumping that took place. It amuses me greatly to read of the 5000 people who with one voice called out protest. Now I was in the ring and pad dock -just after the race, and the general idea expressed on every side was that Etra Weenie was sure to get the race. If this was not so, how is it to be explained that everywhere in the ring odds of 2 to 1 were freely laid on Etra Weenie getting the race? Personally, I had J630 on Trieste, and I was delighted to be able to lay off my money at 2 to 1, so satisfied was I that mv Tnonew;.on Trieste was lost, and that Etra Weenie would be declared the winner of the race. A friend of mine, who had taken .£60 to £10 Etra Weenie, refused to hedge his money, so certain was he that the judge's decision would not be upset. It would be extremely interesting to know how much money that interested and in furiated Melbourne Q.C., who had been in terviewed at such length on the case, had on Trieste. I fear he must have been heavily hit. Let us hope that, like me, he hedged hi3 money. To me — a stranger — racing out in Australia is so attractive, so splendily managed and thoioughly well done that I was surprised to see such a paltry objection made so much of. — Yours, &c;, ENGLISfl VISITOR. Melbourne, 24th November, 1892. [Mem. — I only quote that letter to show you that there are other individuals besides ' yours truly' who were in a good position to see what really did take place, and were quite satisfied that the favourite got beaten on her merits.] 