HOT LAKES AND VOLCANOES. THROUGH THE NORTH ISLAND OF NEW ZEALAND ON HORSEBACK. From the pretty little town of Wanganui which is built on the banks of its noble river, I set out on horseback to find that beauty spot of nature-that wonderland of the world known as the Hot Springs. On a bright summer's morn about the end of February I mounted my charger and rode quietly along the winding path of the Wanganui River to tho settlement of Makirikiri. 1 have desig nated my liorsL- a charger, but in reality Ivi w«3 an ''old stager,'' well nsrd to tho strange oaths of bushmen, and as cunning as a t'ox, without, howovtr, possessing anythiiiR liko his brilliant) speed. Ji'roin Makirikiri i htriK-k iniuud. fol lowing the bed of tho Mnnswwhero stream, through scenery of anch beauty aud solemnity that 1. wrapt in admiration, would iuvolun tavily jmiso nud gaze. It was an everchfjng ing and unbrokf-n pannrauia of tho glorious forest of iVLiorilaml, plentifully intoraperaed with thick bowers of fern?, which grow in wild and beautiful profusion. 3''rom tho bubbling .stream in tho gully, as it danced merrily over tho largo boulders, v.-e slowly ascended by a serpentine path to tho hilltop, and then as slowly descended the other aido. Winding along by shadowy grove or sunlit itreain the timo passes quickly aud pleasantly, uid at lioon tho next day Karioi, a settlement sixty mik\s from Wanganui, is seen. It is here that I intended acquiring the services of Mr. jregor MiGrc-goras guide for tho remainder if tho journey. JMiregor was employed to collect the native census during tho trip. Ho knew tho language of tho natives perfectly, iLso their littlo peculinritie.s, so I rolled upon being cheated less than tho ordinary tourist. Much to my disappointment McGregor was not here, so I resolved to push on to Tukaanu and svertaku him. To accomplish this eixty miles to Tokaanu in one day I had to start at day light, and being of a somewhat independent naturo 1 rejected the proffered native, guide, rho Karioi authorities told me tho road could bo easily found. Armed with the minutest Mails of description I felt perfectly as3r,red, ind started with a light heart. When once fairly on the tiack t!iing3 wero not nearly so ;karand unmistakable aal had been led to imagine, and tho descriptions volunteered by 3ifferont autlioritiea differed ou material xiints. In tho afternoon misgivings becamo .?onvietions, and I was reluctantly forced to idinit that I had lost myself. I started to return, feeling as intensely disappointed as a prison esuai^e just being recaptured, but ionnd bofoi-e getting halfway back I w.ia hopo lessly benighted, llaving njado a scrub bed )n tho banks of the Wangaelm liiver, from ?vhosfi waters an unpleasanti strong odour of sulphur aru.sfi, I tethered my horse and tried :o sleep. My intervnls of sleep, however, were short .and fitful, interrupted by strange aud rivid dreams of wire niattresaes with pro ;niding ends, and icebergs floating down the river. A bleak easterly wind made tho night Ditterly cold, but Ix-fore daybreak all was jahn and still. As the sun rose over the lorizon it shed a pale pink light -m the pure ivhite mantle of snow that draped majestic Ruapehu. and endowed tho mountain with a ook of solemn grandeur truly enchanting. :Uter gazing soino time on tliis impre&ivo; riew of the mountain, from whoso base I was jut two miles distant, I saddled my horao and irocceded on tho return journey, amply com scneated for my eompuliory sleep out. On my irrival back at Kai ioi I was agreeably sur prised to find McGregor thure. A bright, jracing morning heralded our departure-, and ifter that exchange of civilities which ia in iispensable at up-country sottlomonts, our :avalcado advanced on Toknanu. The road iea on this eastern side of Ruayehu, over tho Rangifw Dcsuit, and Ls for the greater part Ireary aud unintewsting ; but its dreariness s greatly relieved by tho proximity -if the Eountains Ruajvjhu and Ngaunmoe (a peak of Congariro), of whinh we hail a jiorfect aud un- . ntciruptcd view. Through tiio barren wasto )f sand iind iwuldcr over which we tracked our )ath for twenty niilts flowed numerous oool irystal mountain .streams, glistening in the lunli.L'ht as they hurried on to reach tho plains. \s the sun tank to thf- westward, and Bhowed n bold rclii:f the shapely form of Ngauruhoo, i thick floud of »h«m could bo seen rolliiijf rom the irater. Richly tinged by the deep cd hues of tho parting suu, this cloud looked coked like a dense coihuin of Bmoku lit up by 'oleanio flanu-s. ^\^e camped at Hloturoa, ft lativo Kotk'incnt, jifteeu miles from Tokaaun, ind nearly opposite tho oxtincts cratei- of ?ihanga. According to a Maori tradition of. Teat antiquity I'ihangsi once pkyc-d a promi tent jwrt iu n love ude, which runs thus: — ?ongariro and Tarauaki (now called ICgmont) i-ere both unamomcd of the fair Pihanga. As he dew hushed all to silenoe, and thopalo noon peopt'd through the mist on to tho peacc ul scene bckiw, Tarcmuki atoki quietly to the ide of his ladylove, and told his simple tale in ovo'e Bjdwctivo tone. J-[e woood and won, but i dread fear lest th» powerful and rovongeful L'ongariro should hear imjxilled secrecy. Jiuapchn, howesyov, overheard of the be irothal, and atraifthtwuy informed Tongariro. iVith ;i utiglity roar he blazod with anccer. Dhoobing tint largest boulder in his furnace he ired it with the rapidity of Jovo's thunder »lta at tin.- unlucky Tarauaki, who was struck ind toppled over in tlto dosevt. Not content nth tlio indignity Taranuki had already suf ered, Tnngariro ordered him off to gea on tho iulphury waters of tho Wungaehu. After ossing about on the billowy waves for some vee2;s a fa\ourtng bret'/.o wafted him ashore at us prc-&?ni abodes where ho has sinco been ree from t'iu malignity of Tongariro, who iftcrwards basked in the sunshino of Pihanga's syes. How ingimiously does tho romantic Vlaori si-couut for tlio absctico of Tsiranaki rom the volcanic vi;in. Tuka.-vsw. T1k» mwt motniug wo arrircd at Tokaanu. sonic miles away w« could see tlio steam rising rom tin- scrub over umny acres of ground and rom thu hiltaide*. Travelling along the larrow mad which funita the entrance to tho icttfcsr.ciit we wera r-t;irt]t-l by strange gurg ing, bubbling, hissing noises which issued from uud «.nd ^tt;anl holes of various sixes, some lot a loot from the t-rat'l*. Our horses trembled md snurtc-d. but with that sagacity which :hanict«TJzt'S the noblest of animals in times )f diinpfci' they lvfrained from all kinds of mtivs and walked through tlio pa-ss like well jref '?.li'iortakf is at in-.porcant funerals. Some )t iii« mudhitk's remind ono of porridge .-ookiivg isi Uif^ WUvhen. tin; same 3plutter, iplutivr, .-(iluitcr g-.iing on continuously. IVe r- fairvl tn tttft Oovwnwiont Wha're hoisii.1). am! w-ltisrt dnn-ii, cooking our iood ii h il.'uiri m tho pnbio.1* (springs) — niitt' it novt 1 iuid H!?oful luulhod of overcoming ;lie iit.^.'.tuc *if tho luriifh cook. It seoms )traii!.'e. ;md to [iciHons living at home almost iuorodisik*, that iliesp natives lit-vor light fires :o ik'.-U 'Ji(.-ir foci !. At tt-r lunching and leaving iu hriir fur digiilioti «'' wander towel in hand :o !jj init'i:iu.-d iiiic- tlwi inystorita of puhia ijTithiii'-.'.. Winding ftjnng iht1 path through tho wnib, ?*ii;i-!i ?.wum hnuulwl, so strange and ivcird rtiu tlirisnp!lifiu'k-nsfi--iiridswliii:li greet us 3i! ill! .yds*, wo *:dcU;i:ly emorgo on a (lazzling white IM-Icb of silica, in tho witroof which is a raimd puiI ol watt-r of a delicate blue tint. \\[c'jv«ijoreaid th's wns fh« plai'O to bathe, so I ftpped my tiugftjc^in t.-» ley tho temperature. ''.\o. Miif.' J said : 'tin's- may bit the placo trlioro r«jm tiij-t;s cook Mirir potatoes, but it Derfciiniy ib cot iu my linf- for b-.itliing.' AVitli inxious t'.ytii I. watchtd Jlai- quietly disrobing ind ovidtiitly Ix'iit ujxrn (ioiiig something fool bardy. Now be isifa i.\\\ the edge of tho pool ivit-h (nit- too immersed, now ono foot in, now ane itg, hf: gives a giwp and a plunge and is 3u& of sight. Xos to be niiUJcmo I try tho samo nethed :u:d find it %ui'ce?.=)f:il, that 13 when ipplit'd \ritSi deJiberrt-liou nnd care. The Bsquiiit* pleaMiru of 11 dip iu tlio seductive pool, iviiioh is now as Who as the sky above, :anriot km described. It is a, home for the «-luj.'t'.:aiy find a, jwrodisu for the invalid. Just ? beforo it uns cinvj for tis t'i f(-iit tho bath some Myoii da«iK«-l9 made Ihoii* appcaranco evi 3cntlywsenb-»w\VB\vf!rofnj(-yingour first bath. rhi-. of course. wasrathOFcndjarrassing, but as th«y -vi«o'd no inclination to retire, we, after staying in .-rjiiU'whas lougor than was good for us, in the hojve that tlioy might find something more intt'ri-Hliusc a littlti distauce away, boltea for our r:loflies in die rushes. Our retreat was doc dif-nifind ; it was au occasion upon which dignity would huvo iven absolutely out of plac*'. This, hon-ovor, was their first and only visit. The afternoon wti gpent- on a tour of in- j speetion, nnd tho sights wotdd surely satisfy j tlio most cautious wonduv --ritic. About a i hundred yariW \mu\ TClwra wo had bathed ia a fierce boiling pahia. called l/ohinga's Throat. It is r.bo\it -t ft. in diaun.-tK.-v, of a dark green colour, and boils continuously, but about every fifteen ?eeoi\dd it }w'i1h I'nnously into a sectlun? mass I U. above il« ordiniiry level, then sub sides attain mlo a vtoiuns boil. With au iavo lunisry g'nsp and a fow ha?ty stops backwards I witnwstil for tlio fust time this startling eruption of Pohinga's Throat. Allaronndus are boiling s|)tiugs, genoraly of a greon cjlour and a« clear a.- crystal, some large enough to be called lakes, while tslhovs are only n fow feet iu diameter. So clear 13 the water in. the boiling lake? that ono can easily seo objects 20 ft. below tho surface, tho pooln, which are only tepid and warm, beiug always cloudy. We also visited tlio woh'ifying springs in an cut of the way corner, and found them filled with chtntiw. ft-rn leaves, loi- ks oE hair, and articles of all dw-ripl-ions. VisitoH daily watch tho pimvs.s of ])etvofaction, and carry away thesulitlloniukuaeksns memento- ?3oftlu-ir visit, 'l.'ho l-ovil'.s Porridge IVt is on!yaf«sw yards away. We fill stand wmnd and wonder if Ins majesty lias breakfasted. It ;3 a largo niudliolu four feet hi diameter, and is filled with filthy thick mud, which makes a gobble splutter tort of .sound as tt boils. \V« trtad very gently in this pnrt, for every foot3t8p_haa an ominous echo, reminding one of the tiriu ucss of the earth's crust. We pass a str-jaiu of boiling water, which b ar- alftuwt of ths Tokaanu stream, wlii«t- waters are cold as icf. Strangely enough numerous stuum-jet* are Lis3ing from tho bank of the Tokaanu stream only a few inches above tho water. We bathed again, and having, finished tea sat listening to the melancholy waiata chanted by the Maori girls as they carried the food to their \vharG3, aud to the ringing laughter of tho youngsters, who wero running races for the pakeha's pennies. The next day boing beau tifully fine wo decided to go canoeing on Lake Taupo. Gliding down tho stream we scon float on that vast bheet of wator, which is so clear, .so blue, so tranquil, and stretches away as far as the eye oan reach to the dim bhio bills in the distance. After an hour's paddling wo arrived at Waihi, a Maori settlement on tho shore of tho lako. Waihi is almost deserted, and is visited only, I think, on account of its waterfall, which is from a height of 200 or more feet. Wo soon rcoro33 tlio blue wotors of Taupo and arrive at Tokaanu. Thus ft week of voluptuous ease flew by, and wo aro now on the ovo of our departure. As we- lio smoking ia tho delicioti3 cool of tho flvsning contemplating the greeu hills abovo, just beginning to fade with tho waning twilight, and watehiufr. the Btoam risiug _ali around liko ghosts, the sorrowful reflection forces itself upon us that to-morrow at day light wo must depart for Waimariiio. Wo must say good-by to the bright-faced little fellows whe- ran races for our edification, and to the fair damsels who chanted doleful waiatas for our benefit and cadged our cigarettes. : A.SCKNT UK TONCATlinO AND KRAUncnOK. At sunrise tho following day we reluctantly bado farowell to Tokaanu— what a strange fascination human nature has for tho won derful. Wo tiiko a short cut over the Pihanga Kange. Tho road was not good except the latter part through the bush, which was delightful.' Nothing disturbed the tranquillity of the scene, with its delicious coolness, and its shade occasionally lit up by sunbeams darting through chinks in tho foliage, save tho fitful song of tho sweet-voiced tui. Suddenly wo issue from tho bush and behold Lake Ilotoaira close beneath us in all the joyous bnghtuoss of this summer's morn. It is a pretty little scone, although the bush-fringed peninsula cuts off from view tho further iwrtion of tho lake, and grim Tongariro makes tho background. We i-ido on for a fow milea and camp at I'apakai, six miles distant from Tongariro. Wo break fasted at dawn the next day, and rodo as far as Ketetahi, then tethered our horses aud pro ceeded on foot. Tvro niilea away we could emell tho sulphui1 and hear the roar of tho steam forcing its way through the earth. The Ketetahi Spring is situated about halfway up the northern siwii.1' of Tongavivo, where tho notion of tho steam hits made a large gulch in the mountain Hide. Largo columns of steam roar and hiss from holes and fissures iu tho ground ; fiom amongst the steam an inky -black stream is seen bubbling- out of the earth, which is the famous Ketetahi Spring. Although it is said by the natives to be tho best curative spring1 in' -New Zealand there is no accommodation for bathing, consequently it is rarely visited. I should say it would take 1 patient of exceptionally )stroj'i£ i)erves to stand the strain of 'being in the presence of such demoniac inanifestations. From the force of steam which roars from a hole close by one would say it indicated a pressure of o00 or ?1G0 lb. to tho square inch. We had a bath simply to be able to Bay we had done so. A short stiii' brush aud wo are on the summit of Ibngariro, 5,430 ft. Stretched before us was » splendid bird's-eyo view of lakes, streams, bush, mountain ranges, and desert; behind us stands ftgauruhoo, with its banner of steam, and the glistouiug peaks of snowy Kuapehu. Turning to Tongariro itself, it is a iceno of wast« and utter desolation. All around us were huge boulders and vast walla ;if stone, reddened and chavred by the terrific heat of bygone years, and hundreds of acres of mnd, athos, and atone. A little further along (vo came to the extinct crater of Tongariro, a splendid relic, of this once terrific lirebeleiiev. It is completely circu'.jir in shajw, with a depth :»t 150 ft., and covers \\\u: nvres ol ground. 1'he walls siv pcrpeuJiculiir. and composed principally of. tugged piiiars placed side by side iilco tho forlilicatiuui! of ji giant's' castle. Whilst gazing ?.h this grim relit; of tho p.'isfc, now as silent- as lliu tomb, -me naturally thinks :-f the stupendous jxiiwr tharonw bhook it.s mighty foundation and. shot lurid flume.-; into the skie-. A vo-.ijita of iniios slowly down iiil over rugged country composed of boulders, ?indc-rs, and 'sand, and V.-o arnvtt at the foot of :ho Ngaurnhnc Funk. Stilus time ago we wore oud in praise of the symmetrical shapo of STgauruhoc, but now when we have to crane )ur necks to look to the top it ia really not so beautiful. After about two hours' painful struggle we arrived ajj the edga of the crater, r,-121 ft. The scene '13 almost indescribable ; largo columns of steam wero roaring, hissing, ind howling from numberless fissures all around ;ho iusido of the crater a distance ot fully a luartet of a mile, ami occasionally largo boulders undermined by tits action of the steam fell into the cr.iter with deafening :rashes. The sicke.ning and almost unbearablo smell of sulphur added to tho twteo made the placo a perfect pandemonium. Adjoining tho juter edgo of die larga aud uneven crater there is a smaller one thickly coated with sulphur crystals which, emits a thin black column of -moke. We took some specimens of crystals From the crator and s«ne pn?e flour ot sulphur From the outside »f t-lie corn* where it is lying in tons. A slight hruezo for a moment or two ivaf ta the steam and smokciit our face.? ; we are obliged to putour noses to the- ground likeJapa aese courtiers and await a- change in the wind. Somewhat anxious to get away from this 'uu- canny' spot we quickly scramble down and soon arrive back at Ton^ariro. After mother bath in Kotetahi we reach camp at sunsot 'just a littlo tired.' We next day push on aa far as thn Maori jiah Waimarino, which is ou the border of the famous block of land of that narno recently purchased by tho New Zealand Oovci'msont. Another twenty miles thrpuqh tlm bunh and we aro on the Wanganui River. Tho mad is completely canopied by the biwli, which looks more charm ing than before. Splendid matais, graceful rimus, giant pinf-?, and Htnrdy rat».-i, with tho 3hrublikc uudorgrowth of horapito. korimo, mid r.iako, and beautiful clusters of the ineom parable ferns to eomplctc the sylvan picture, Wo pass into Uio Ivinp Country, .ind arrive nt Taumarantu in the afternoon. A f ter staying some days w-* sf.;\t our iwrsei home, aud arranged to go down tlio Waueauui Uiver by ?ancc. There is a ccrta in olemon t of danger in shooting iho rapids which msikes tho journey Bxciting. We iin^aged a n.v.ivo named Tuao ind his wife Marirt (Mar.teu-1 to tttke us down to Wanganui, and started about nor.n one day. Carefully fcr-jtfed, _aJ) liande p:iddling, wo approach the S'nauiint; Tv^jid, puisti an instaut Dn the crofttj Lhe»i snoot- down with the speed of a railway train thyonscli she eddies at the l.-oi-ion). mid inio tho atill por tion again. So we continue, shooting rapids at the rat«» of one- ovcry five minnt-es. In such a cwklfsheil as a lilH^ri canoe^ I thought it- surprising th.ot \ys did uot capsizo at every rapid, but 'the natives .m- astonish ingly dexterous in navigation. Oueo at the bottom of a rapid th-: canoo swept into a garb ling edd}*. wbicli ma our liow up stream in a Eecond. 'We biiglicd at one- ftnothflr as \ve sat looking up stream, bat id was quite an omission that tho canoe did m* oj.isize or stand on ita head in iho eddy. The, sceaeiy was refresh ingly rugged and unique. Almost its entire courso tho rivec in irnmurcd within high bush covered hills. HfTo and tbero patches of native clearing havo ]K(-n deserted, and aro now covered v;ith prolific growths^ of the beautiful Titan »ud l'ouiia. fnr'is. Wo ata-yod the night at Te Mftiro, aud started away i tis usual the 'following clay \Simday). Sunday is not observed as a day of rest by natives resid ing in the higher latitudes of the 'VVanganui River. A- day of rest ia to them quite au un known quantity. They oannoti realizo ib, for nothing could he moro fpU of rest thnu their daily occupations. BIe3b ia the possession of largo tracts of land of nstonishuig fertility, and being free from all caro iiml trouble, and from the turmoil of toe bnsy wwM. witlj. its never-ceasing Rtrn/glo for ' wealth aud power, thc-y jiaes tLtir lives ploa-santly in the calm contemplation of Nature. Tho river winds reach by rench betwtwn walls of papa rock, which riBO f yeeirntomly from the water's edge to ft lioieht of thirty or forty feet on either side. Suddenly turning a point one could imagine wo wure entering a cave, so dark and gjoomy ia tho «cenc with tho dripping moss clinging to the walta ; in ft few minutes moro we aro m tho nost reach, which 19 bathed in sunlight, and everything i=» bright) and cheerful with the songs cf birds. Wo paddled on till tho alttruoou, nud earned ab Marni kowhai, a nativa twtdlftiQ«nt of some ''m ]x-rtance. McGregor told mo tliat as neither Tuao nor Maria had vibiret! thitt pah for a lengthy period a tanRi (lamentation) wac suro to take plac?. Q'he old oou^ki carefully deco rato themselves with yrtou wreaths; they ap proach, and tho eevt.tnooy l^'gias with low, dismal moaning. The women of the pah hoar, and respond in she same Ucy— well, nob quito in the same key, for 1 believo they all sing in different keyE—fend iho sacred custom is going to bo upheld to the Lvit tc-ar. it atarts liko the low, plaintive moaning of t'uo wiud its it sweeps through the pinotrw, and Rridiially inorease3 in a glorious crescendo, now forte, and bursts into a crashing discord that wjU-nigh lifts one's head off. AKain w»d afaia tho. discordant crisis is reached, but I atn now half a mile away eatinc boiled maize. After a few more days' paddling and a fow more tangis we reached I'ipiriki, ninety miUa from Taninaranui. We accomplished tlu- dbtanco from Pipiriki to Wanganui (sixty milea) in a couple of days, and C-V.V journey is ended. It occupied just ft month anda day, and was one of the most en joyable trips tHat one— especially an admirer of* scenery— conld wish for. The Maoris too were exceedingly hospitable, and treated us with the greatest of kindness. KtXAL. AH those who have written cm tho subject of the ' Maori Kace' are agreod that it is rapidly approaching extinction. Vncious nmsous have be&B; £v??igaed aod Showies adrftB^vd, to shw cause for tho rapid depopulation. Tho aboriginal is said to havo acquired tho vieo3 of the pakeha without his corresponding virtues, and to bo tho victim of unscrupulous publioans who sell 'doctored' liquors for Maoris only. That the natives often get rank jraison instead of spirituous liquor there ia unfortunately no room for doubt. Always ready to soil their lands, and equally ready to spend tho proceeds in debauchery, what could be moro natural than their extermination V But happily a change is coming ovcrthoMaoris. Thoyaronolongoreager to sell their lands, aud havo in many places gone in for sheepfarniing and cropping. In all the districts through which we passed there wa3 a substantial increase in population. The natives appeared tidy and well clad, and food was plentiful. In many ways the Maoris have been improved by missionaries of different Eects, but tho intensely practical mind of tho native cannot grasp tho conflict of religions, and he is inclined to view with doubt and sus picion doctrines which disagree on material points. ? 