BALLARAT CHURCH ASSEMBLY. FIRST DAY. The third session of the fifth church as sembly of the Diocese of Ballarat was opened yesterday, at the City Hall. In the morning at 11 o’clock a communion service was held at Christ Church, the bishop being the celebrant. The bishop took the chair at the City Hall at 12 o’clock, and the other members of assembly present were as follows; Clergy.—Rev. J. \V. Arnold, Rev. J. C. Atkinson, Jl-v. H. F. Barker, Rev. H. H. Barren, Ven. P. T. Beamish, D. D., R»v, J. C. Carmichael, Rev. H. J. Carr,'Ven. H. E. Cooper, M.A., Rev. H. W. Curtis, Rev. W. S. Cuizm-Siggers, M.A., Rev. E. J, M. Davies, Rev, K. H. Davies, R ft v. T, D. Dunstan, Canon Flower, M.A., Rev. R. M. Fulfnrd, Rev. W. H. Geer, Rev. J. Glover, Ten. A, V. Green, M.A., LL.D., Rev. C. Harris, Rev. R J. E. Haymati, Rev. R. Heffernan, Rev. W. P. Howell, Rev. R. Hosken, Rev. T. J. Hyder, Rev. J. B. Johnstone, Rev. C. M. Lowe, Rev. J. H. Macfarlane, H.A , Canon Mercer, - Rev, A. D. Mitchell, Rev. J. Moody, Rev. H. C. E. Morris, Canon Mac Murray, M.A., Rev. S. M’George, Rev. A. J. H. Priest, Canon Rndcliff, 8.A., Rev. W. Swinburn, .Rev. R. Thwaites. Rev. J. \V»gg, B A., Rev. S. Walker, Rev. H. Wallis, Rev. R. A. Whyte, 8.A., Rev. M. D. Williams, Rev. W. Wilkinson. Lay Representatives.—Messrs G. - H. Abrams, A. Alston, W. R. Anderson, J. L. Archer, H. A. Austin, W. fl. Barnard, R. H. Bland, Capt. W. B. Bridges, H. Brind, F. Brown, -W; H. Bnllivant, H. D. Cane, 6. Chapman, F. S.. Clark, Hon, S. W. Cooke, (5. Crocker, E. P. Date, .F.. C. Downes, J. Embling, W. Eyres, R. Gibbings, W. H»nlon, J. H. Jackson, W. Lakeland, G. T. Lee. G. O. Lynn, W. B. Matthews, W. H. Michael, M. M. Mogg.'J. C. Molloy, Bon. E. Morey, H. A. Nevett, W. Owen, H. S. Palmer, G F. Powell, J. C. Ritchie, W. Robertson, W. T. Rowe, F. B. Salmon, J. R. Trevor, W. Turton, T. A. Dthwatt, J>, Weatherly, B. J. Webb,. R... Weldon,. ~W.' P. WHitooinbe, C. "White, J. A. .Wilson. - After opening the proceedings with prayer, the president gave , his annual address of which the following is a precis : ■ My Brother Churchmen, Clerical and Lay— Accept my hearty and respectful greeting—in the Holy. Name. And may He in whose name wo meet grant us of His favor, in answer to our prayers, a vigorous, stimulating, fruitful, and in every way en joyable and successful session. . Papers.—The' bishop then Lid official documents upon the table, and proceeded to refer to— Hemovals, Changes, ic.—Our chancellor, Hon. H. Cuthbert,- has gone to England for a time, which de. prives the house of his valuable aid this session. Archdeacon Allanby is expected hourly on his return thence, bringing with him £3OO towards building bush churches from our old and tried funds, 5.P.0.K., three recruits to our staff, and Mrs Allanby. His leave of absence, however, lasts till 11th prox. Arch deacon Cooper we welcome back to his seat with the utmost satisfaction. The vicar of Coleraine, too, we gladly note, has rejoined us after refreshing travels. Kev. J. B. F. May, of Golac, is still at home cn leave and asks extension of it. Two of our working staff have died. On Bth August Rev. J. K. Kingshot, in cumbent of Rokewood, was called away. On 7th January one of our readers died very suddenly. I refer to Thomas Ward, assistant to Rev. J. Kirk land, incumbent of the vast Harrow district, on the western border. Dear old Mr Sabine, for many years incumbent of Birregurra, fell asleep at Geelong on December. We lost another emeritus clergyman on 13 th July, when Rev. J. Hutchinson, Che estimable and cultured vicar of Catnperdown for 18 years till 1888, pas-ed away. Last week, Canon Cummins, for years the well-known and excellent incumbent of St. Paul's, Ballarat East, hut withdrawn from active duty through ill health since 1889, passed away. Archdeacon Braim quitted Pott Fairy and his Portland archdeaconry lor England 25 years ago; but it will be long before the builder of St. John’s, Belfast, will ire forgotten. How swiftly heaven is enriching itself with the spoils of earth. Five clergymen have left our diocese—Revs. W. T. Hancock, A. T. D'Arcy Irvine, W. H. Edwardes, A. Martin, and T. S. Carlyon. Eight have joined it (the lost two by ordination here)—Revs. W. A. J. Weils, J. B. Johnstone, R. M. Fulford, H. W. Curtis, 11\. Wallis, T. J. Bentl-y, H. F. Barker, and E. H. Davies. Rev. T. Stamp was ordained last Trinity, but left, on the ocore of health, at the end of the year; Rev. H. H. Wyliie joined us nod left again within a very few weeks. Of laity, 1 grieve to record the de cease of three members of our assembly. Mr Lindsay Clarke, one of the oldest and best esteemed churchmen of West Victoria, and « member of this house from the formation of the diocese, was removed 16lh October. On 28th November we lost Mr Henry Edkins, of of Basset, Branxbolme. The worthy lay representa tive for Smythesdale lor the last five years, Mr W. T. Bersey, was removed by death on 26th April. Two valued members have resigned, through leaving the diocese; Inspector Parkinson and Judge Gaunt. Supplying the above vacancies and districts freshly represented, has added eight new members to our roll, whom I hereby cordially welcome to their seats; namely. Mr 0. H. Abrams, Dr Duff, Messrs J. C. Manifold, W. H. Matthews, W. H. Michael. H. A. Nevett, G. H. Smith, and W. Turton. . Our clerical members are how 61; our lay-66. Reverting to changes caused, by death, though named last, the many who knew her will rank amongst out foremost josses the comparatively early removal, on the 16th October, of the talented and amiable wifeof the Vicar of Creswick. Her gilts were consecrated without stint to the church service; and thevpidleltwill.be deeply and widely felt, Muffled peals in England, also, have ushered in the current year, The heavy grief which befell our royal family on 14th Janu.ry, in the demise of the amiable Duke of Clarence on the eve of his auspicious marriage the whole empire made its own. Was ever a more pathetic episode in the domestic life of princes? Through our primate the Australian bishops promptly transmitted, on behalf of the church, an expression of loyal and heartfelt sympathy with the Queen and Prince and Princess of Wales. I. lay a copy on the table of the house. There has not been time for a reply. The passing away of Manning touched us all. Without Newman’s genius, he was, latterly, a more prominent factor in the national life, mainly in connection with current social questions, in which his heart was deeply engaged. His wide in fluence and conspicuous example were consecrated to the cause of human suffering, »nl, after a life of. self-abnegation in the midst of honors, he died in noble poverty, long to be remem bered as a champion of the poor. Manning had quitted, since 1843, the church which had first recog nised his merit, and whose privilege it seems to rear and launch into usefulness more great men than she can retain to her obedience. Was this Manning’s reason for calling her the "Hencoop?” But it is sweet to quote from a “cycnea emtio’’ of his, a few weeks before he fell asleep—” We believe the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers Info union with God. and to eternal life, ail who faith fully 00-operate with His light and grace. None are responsible for dying inculpably out of the visible body of the (Roman) church.” If these last words seem a truism, we would not criticise, but trace in them, shining through the veil of his Romanism, the hope and love vhe plainly cherished in regard to the many who, like ourselves, honestly fail to discover one single word about obedience to Rome in Scripture, or apos tolic antiquity, and believe in th-ir consciences that, if on essential of the faith, it would most certainly have been there! Spurgeon, too, has passed to his reward, and we can now judge of his career as a whole. Was ever a man more hopelessly " out of the visible body of the Roman Church?” Vet whoever doubts that “ the Holy Ghost breathed” 011 that raaa's work, and had “ gathered him into union with God," as “ faithfully co-operating with light and grace,” Bees with eyes of other make than ours. The fine enco mium on Spurgeon in the Church Times is a grand sample of the spirit of strong Churchmen to-day. I had a tete-a-tete with him once, as we walked to a hail be was to preach at. While we waited in an ante room, there came a mighty roar as from a battle field. "Do you hear that sound?” he said. “They have opened the doors: it is souls of men rushing to hear the message from God. Thank - Heaven," he added, “ though I h-ve preached on an average ouce every day for many years, He keeps ever fresh and tender within me an awful sense of the privilege, and the peril, of preaching Christ.” How touching was his letter to the Sydney Synod! That rough-newn, old, old story preacher was a king of men. And "Thou settest a crown of pure gold.on his head. He asked life of Thee, and Thou gavest him a long life, oven for ever and ever. His glory is great in Thy salvation, for Thou hast made him most blessed for ever; Thou hast made him exceeding glad with the joy of Thy countenance!" But nnfuneral chime from England woke deeper or tenderer echoes in the hearts of Victorian churchmen than that which sounded over the vault at Harlow, where all that was mortal of Charles Ferry was laid, on 4th December, amidst the dost of his kindred. The council requested me promptly to convey to Mrs Ferry, in behalf of the whole diocese, a resolution expressing grateful and respectful sorrow and sympathy. I am sure this bouse will not be unwilling to show its entire con currence in the sentiments thus expressed, by receiving Mrs Perry’s reply, which I am about to read to you, standing. ”32, Avenue Road, Regent’s Park. January, 1892.—My dear Bishop,—l shall feel much obliged to you if you will convey to your diocesan council my grateful tbsnki for the kind way In which they have spoken of the interest taken by my late dear husband in the diocese of Ballarat, and for the cordial message of sympathy which they have sent to me.—l am. my dear bishop, yours very truly, Fasnt Pbext.” We have by no mean! exhausted our English obituary. Again an Archbishop Vork, the ‘distinguished and eloquent Dr Magee; ray-own late diocesan, the reverend DrPhilpott, whose pipars ms senior wrangler are preserved at Cambridge as curiosities of faultiessoess; the learned and lovable ex-Bishop of Winchester, Harold Browne; and the able and useful Bishop Harvey Goodwin, of Carlisle—have gone from us; while Dean Liddell, of Christ Church, Oxford, has left a vacancy it will take a man of lofty character and profoundest scholarship to fill, and from Bristol ceme tidings of the removal, just as he had been made a dean, of an eminent church teacher, in Archdeacon Norris; and from Oxford, of a fascinating historian In Prof-ssor Freeman. The diocese has lost a sympathiser in Eng land by the demise of my esteemed friend, Mrs Dobin eon, of West London. After helping us from time to time since 1883. she left us a parting gift of £209 lot aiding the erection of bush churches, which proved very opportune. How greatly might our work be advanced by such remembrance of its needs on the part of others ! Apropos, though not strictly germane to the section, give me leave to refer to two acts of generosity during the year on the part of residents in this diocese, who have wisely elected to bestow legacies in their lifetime, hut stipulate (with the modesty so often, mated with generosity) for the con cealment of their names—one giving. £3OO for the permanent stipend endowment of his parish, the other donating £2OOO (subject to easy con ditions) to the diocesan superannuation fund. Our respectful thanks 1 hereby accord to - betb. Influenza —a very besom of death, which, for some gracious end, the .Almighty has permitted to sweep the civilised world of fate—was answerable for no few of the passing hells, that catch the car in these two sec tions. How swift, how startling, inraany instances, its summons, while here among ourselves it " Worked busy as the lightning.” O, let us make haste to do all the good we can, my brothers, before our one life’s record is.sealed up, per haps suddenly, for ever. After referring to other home topics, the bishop parsed on to Neighbor Dioceses: Melbourne (our eider sister). North Queensland, the Ooulbaurn diocese. New Zealand. - In more distant mission fields, our negro- Bishop of the Niger (Dr Crowther) has fallen with honor at his past; «o have good Bishop Oaldwel), io South India, and the saintly veteran, Bishop ' French, in his . heroic missleu at Muscat,' Ah! how* many;- worthies enr.ch the yearly death chronicle of' the church,. We f* canonise" none of them now—l. can find no one to tell me why. And are Australian churchmen ever likely to forget MacLarcn, our pioneer chief missionary in New Guinea? 'the recent lost of thi-t devoted officer, gifted with rare and noble qualities, just as his arduous work was shaping, full of promise, to his strong, firm band, leaves our mission in that island stranded amid grave perplexities, which give it, p«’- haps, the premier claim this year on our interest, our prayers, ourhelp. Moore theological College, N.5.W., removed from Liverpool to a site adjoining the Uni versity at Sydney, is again in operation under an effi dent principal. Our .Victorian Church of England College (Trinity, Melbourne) has emerged from certain passing troubles, and we confidently hope for a future as distinguished as its past. A report, of Trinity College, as an interdiocesan institution) is on the table, and should be studied. It records the marked success of a Ballarat student, Miss Constance Eyre?. The General Synod of Australia and Tasmania h Id last spring a laborious'fortnight’s session at Sydney. Besides 12 bishops, 51 clergy and 47 laymen attended ic, including not a few men of light arid leading. Good work was done, though far leas was brought to completion than had been hoped, much haring to be dropped before the ses-ion’a end by reason of ill husbanding of time at its beginning. Copies of the full official report of the synod are ou the table, but members will perhaps thank me for some brief epitome of its IS2 pages. Disregarding the formal and ephemeral business, then, ! may s »y, first, that 12 committee reports were presented, several of them involving great labor. Most of these bore fruit in synodal action, others may do so iat (, r; one—that urging the increased use of life insurance as a method of providing church funds—was referred by resolution of the synod to this assembly and the other diocesan synods for consideration. Ac cordingly, I daw special attention to this document (page Ixxvi. of general synod report), and invite your eXHtnination of It. It will be open to any member to move the house in its favor or otherwise, or tocharge the council with enquiry into the subject. Five strong committees were appointed to enquire int”, or promote:—l, insuring oburch buildings advantage ously; 2, an interdiocesan superannuation scheme; 3, an . Australian bishop's “ oath of due obedi ence ” (the house of bishops, to handle this,— it involves the archbishopric question); 4, Hr* vision of the special services authorised in 1536; and 5, church unity—a subject, perhaps, more readily identified , by the name under which the Lambeth Conference passed a well-known resolution upon it, “ Home reunion." Seven resolutions were parsed;— 1, disapproving the Victorian Divorce Act; 2. recom mending a world-wide Anglican telegraph code; 3, commending the principles of the C.E.T.S. to the dioceses; 4, advising the preference of local clergy (if suitable) for Australian bishoprics; 5, approving deaconesses and sisterhoods (a motion, to omit **sisterhoods" securing a substantial minority); C, favoring the bill for Prayer Book amend ment drafted by convocation for submission to the Imperial Parliament (0, for relief in this direc tion !); 7, urging the evangelisation of the Aborigines (afiesh mission for these his been started since, in Queensland). Lastly, six formal “Determinations” were passed through all their stages, and will be submitted for your assent:—!, To reorganise the Board of Missions, providing (or a general secretary; 2, to amend the rules for the trial of bishops; U, to regulate the appointment of assistant bishops (if our diocese grows on, its diocesan must seek relief under this determination); i, to provide for the ca*e of bishops becoming mentally incapable (without help, ere long your bishop may be one); 5, to establish an Australian College of Theology; 0, to amend the method of electing to the Primarial See. , . I ma}' further observe that the establishment of an Australian College of Theology, in which I have taken especial interest-, ought to mark an era in Australian church history. The higher theological study will nO' longer ask in vain for local encouragement, guidance, ond honorable recognition. The only other determination I will here refer to is that providing for the more vigorous development of the missionary work of the church ns a whole. In this matter our diocese, thanks to Canon Mercer and the work of deputations arranged for by him, did better than i ever this year; but plus ultra must be our motto. I ! take leave to lay on the table part of an important : letter just received from Canon Whittington, J lately appointed General Organising Secretary : of ■ the Australian Board of Miasi ms in which he urges (a) the importance of systematising all ; deputation work, to avoid collision, &c.;—in which' 1 , thoroughly agree with him—and (5) the .addition of a yearly missionary offertory in every, church to those for superannuation and the home mission fund, as an obligation on the clergy and managing bodies. It is open to arty sympathiser to take the mind of the house on this Important suggestion; .and, if we have time, it would be very desirable to discuss it. General.—The year has not been prosperous, either for the colony or other lands. “God's on HisTnrone;” but that “All's well with the world” ju*t now may be questioned- In uussia,- while an awful famine has desolated the soil, the bitter sky is rent with the wail of perseuted Jews and Stundists; and anarchic beav ings of an underground sea of discontent shake the bawes of social order. If the prevailing impression be correct, that the Russian Church is actively promoting the oppression of the Hebrews and Nonconformists, it is our painful duty to express our profound regret, as Catholic Cnristians, at the unmerited dis credit thus brought upon Catholic and truly “orthodox” Christianity, Though younger than our. own, the Russian Church is a venerable body, and has yielded great men, such as Philip of Moscow. 1 Sergius, and Nikon. But she has no reformation; and alas! still allows herself to be associated with impostures like the holy fire. In the United : States that hideous caricature of Divine justice,— “Judge Lynch,”—has been revelling in fire and blood ; South America has yielded a fresh crop of sanguinary revolution; Persia, we are told, is under a reign of terror; Central Africa, whose chief explorer has been stirring vast audiences in Australasia, has proved a I scene of remarkable missionary success, but politi- 1 cally is unquiet; and unrest still characterises the industrial life of our own, and almost every European nation. The Ist of May (which I hope none of us will all *w to pass without earnest prayer appropriate to our diocesan anniversary) may prove a day of I agitation in European capitals. In Australia, the ! cause of federation, promising so fair (or the higher corporate life of these colonies when I ad- I dress-d you last, seems drooping for the time; indeed, I I hardly know what has flourished lately, unless ifc be —under the fostering influence of new and non- I Christian' legislation—divorce. . . . Our unem- I ployed are many; and. nfter making full deduction ; for exaggerations, it is certain that there is an amount of straitness and suffering which we must greatly deplore. Any who contemplate employing labor should, if possible, choose this opportunity of setring work in hand; and we should hail the starting of much-needed national and municipal improvement works, believing that the future of this colony and city . might safely be pledged to make these possible. How much more easily would the Ballarats deal with this question, if amalgamated! Whatever reductions of Government pap may be made, we trust absolute dismissals will be few. What is the true account to be given of the unfavorable features of the time? Fin du steclexs offered; bat I can meet with no explanation of what it really means. At all events, none will differ from me in recording that our I colony, from whatever causes, is passing through a | period of almost unexampled crisis, depression, and ; even danger—commercial, industrial, and political; j “ the gravest juncture the colony has seen," as | the Premier deliberately calls it. At such times the refuge and strength of a people, and their very pre sent help, is to be found, not in arm-chair lamenta tion, party recriminations, pessimistic oracles, or revolutionary nostrums, but in God. If every voter at the impending election, in place of abstention, or blind party obedience, or self-interested “ log rolling,” will only exercise the suffrage as a grave trust, in the fear of the Lord, with prayer, and with honest resolve to choose the legislators most likely to insist on self-denying integrity and prudence in public finance, calm and broad purpose, instead of faction and heat, in legislatfon, and the de-paganlslng of our primary schools we need bare no serious fear (or the triennium. The dishonor to the Scriptures and the Christian faith by the interdiction of all recognition of them in our State schools (in a country wh«re more than ten-elevenths of the people return themselves as Christians) continues, and the resulting mischief beyond doubt is wide and deep. I see by the interesting report «( hi* synod sent me by our late grand archdeacon, the Bishop of Christ church. New Zealand, that th** miserable secularism of the State education there has driven him into the ranks of the Denominationaliats. The petition for reform, on which you resolved last session, went In to Parliament, and a strong representation of different denominations subsequently interviewed the late Premier. He said, In effect, that he agreed with us, but feared the people. A deputation from the Scripture Education Leacue seeks ".permission to ad dress the House on this most important m«tter, Tou will be moved to consent, and if you do. as 1 trust you will, the deputation hopes, among other things to show the House that “ the people” are really by no means opposed to the league’s programme. Prayer is our best resource; but we must work, and give as well. Particular: Diooe'san Ways and Mean**.—lf poverty consists in the steady inadequacy of available income to urgently required expenditure, then we must fmnkly.own our diocese poor, and the depression has r« fleeted itself distinctly in our finances. .After Ctptaio Bridges* warm-hearted avowal last session in behalf of the laymen of the diocese, I hoped for some response to my appeal to them to give £5OOO instead of £2OOO for Home Mission purposes; but the gross donations of ihi* kind have been only £1295, making j with interest on capital, under £3200. Unless far more is poured into our Home Mission Fund than at i present, the const forest and the new northern wheat , areas must still largely be left to preoccupied by other and more “financial” Christian bodies. The I “depression," no doubt, has been severe, and many [ churchmen have suffered. Yet at the height of it— on a Friday in Lent, by the way—a circa*, with high-priced admission, visited a town in this diocese, and was frequented by 6000 people, carrying away (it i rumored), over £lOOO. What shall we say then to these things? But I am most grateful to the many who have responded to the indefatigable work of our organising secretary, Mr O. O. Lyon; and the result is astonish j ing of t’ne collection of small sums by cards, boxes, | and envelopes. Only, the help given needs to be far i more general: and I fear there are many churchmen I tn the diocese who should send Mr Lyon £5 or £lO a I year to this its chief working fund, who do. not even , send him 5s or IDs, We ought to be v*ry thankful to j the Colonial and Continental Church Society, which | helps us with a most useful grant; though 1 long to be able to dispense with it. A few yjears since, certain property’-holders promised contributions if more -was done by way of church extension in the bush. More wns done, accordingly, ami the sustenta tion fund plunged into debt to pay for it; but the ; chief financial consequence has been the necessity of ■ leaving that fund intact, to recover itself. I have not altered my opinion that the proposal I made at the I outset of our diocese, of a yearly half-crown poll tax 1 for dircssan purposes from every enrolled member of the church, to be a condition of exercising power or active privilege therein, though ridiculed nt the time, was a wise one; and, though difficult, nowise impos sible to carry out. Afler referring to the cathedral and the success of ; the Chronicle, of which 3050 copies are sold monthly, j The bishop said of other signs of progress amid dif- I Acuities:—<>f difficulties, one of the direst continues to be “denominational racing,” especially in the : bush. I will not say Ephraim “ Judah, but ! she races her. I want to see both “fly upon the shoulders of the Philistine* in the West” together ! Nothing is less satisfactory than scoring petty “wins” In rivalry of the kind I mean; but it may he advisable to mention that any Mrs Harris who alleges, the “waning” of the church of England tins the recent census figures (valeant quantum) entirely against her. While Presbyterian ism and Romanism seem to have decreased in their proportionate hold (numerically) on the population, our church has steadily increased in that respect (as Methodism has also done in about the same ratio) since 1871, and now numbers, of avowed adherents (roundly) 492,000 out of 1,140,000, or decidedly over a third of all the people. 1 cannot give you the figures lor our diocese separately, but have reasons (or con fident belief that the Church of England in West Vic soria has had even more than her proport s ona»e share in such growth as is indicated by the statist's figures. Our diocesan statistical tables when issued will, I think, harmonise with this. During the year we have built or acquired five churches, namely, at Col*o (a hard some structure, but the ohanc**! is temporary), Newlyn, Wheeler's Bridge, South Wail, and Woorak West; two others are in hand, at Panmure ond Swan Hill, and three in contemplation, at Uildura, Bal moral, ond Wendouree; not, I regret to say, at Mary bornugh; while'the of Sf, Petard, -through the munificence of Mr Jam»» Pry, now - adorns Sturt Ballarat, to be • occupied in a we»k or two by a peal of brils, which he has added to hU" gift. Great improvements are in hand at Cres wtck, and at St Paul I *, Ballarat East. Of piraonages, five have been built or acquired, namely ; at Merino, Charlton, Netherby, Majorca, and Rupan yup, and steps have been taken towards erecting a sixth; but we have lost a etone parsonage at Hamilton by. fire. A fine school is being built at Condah. Our Sunday teachers have increased nearly, our scholars more than G percent.; our communicants nearly 10 per cent. There have been 1938 baptisms (de cided increase); 840 have been confirmed. I have already mentioned increase in our clergy. Of our readers last year, six are no longer on the list; three have been ordained; Mr Forster, (Ute reader at Cobden), is at St, Augustine s. Canterbury, in Gaining for orders here; Mr Ward lias died; and Mr Seaman left (Messrs Gurner and Faulkner came and left within the year): Six new readers, however, have been licensed, and two are arriving with Archdeacon Allanby, which will give us two more, in all, than the (corrected) numbers of last year: viz., 23. I have frequent applications from outsiders to join us, but am glad to record that our own young men are increasingly offering themselves for the sacred ministry. Mr Orabham and Mr Peacock hold theological scholarships at Trinity College; another student of promise has enter* and it. contemplating orders, in due course, with ns; and. besides Mr Forster, we have in # Eng- I land, receiving the best of theological training at Wiclif Hall, Oxford, one of the beat graduates in | honars that Trinity College, Melbourne, has pro- ; duced, I refer to Mr Edward Aqnilla Radcnff, the son ; of the much- valued registrar o( this diocese, whoi 19 I doing the very h : ghe*»t credit to himself and the colony of his birth in his periodical examinations, in competition with the choice English graduates who are his fellow students at the college. Alas! we need encouraging facts like these to set against two of the most serious losses to the staff of our parocbiu clergy wnich have for many .years been sustained, in the impending retirement of Canon Mercer from the vicarage of St. John’s. Soldier’s Hill, and of Canon Mac Murray from that of St. Paul’s, Ballarat II is wholly unnecessary for me to tell this house that the clergymen I have named are men of whom this whole diocese is proud. Profoundly as we all must regret their retirement from their posts, the change is in both cases honorable to all concerned. Canon Mac Murray has been unanimously invited by the patrons to the charge of the first church in the first city of New Zealand. The work there will be better fitted to his physical strength, which might probably have given way had he remained, without assistance, at St. Paul's, Canon Mercer, I joy to tell the house—while resigning his benefice from the lofty motive believes (I meet with none who share that belief) that a young man with eyesight that threatens i no failure under the pressure of his duties, will fulfil them more effectively than he hinnelf can now,—nevertheless has resolved still to cast i In his lot among us, and will reside in Ballarat, so I that the church will continue to enjoy, in some otncr wa y, the benefit of his invaluable services and in fluence. Among Incidents of tne year, I may men tion that Kev. U. A. Whyte..falling ill at Horsham accepted the incumbency of Kokewood, where* the different climate suits him well; Rev. A. D. Mitchell has left Allansford for Uunkeld. and Rev. W. S. the locum Unency of Hamilton fur for the cure of SL Stephen’s, Ballarat; while Revs. H. Ilosken, M. D. Williams, and E. J. Davies have parsed into each other’s places at Beaufort, Talbot, and Kingston respectively. Ko permanent .appoint ment at Horsham has yet been made,-. Thank God, I can trace advance, on the whole, in the truer and deeper work of the church among the people, in most parts of the dio cese; certainly there has been wonderful im provement of late years in the comeliness, order, and apparent heartiness of public worship almost everywhere, and I can hardly credit some of my own recollections of experiences in this matter 16 years ago! The R. V. and A. V.—A very important part of public worship is the reading of the Scriptures. In these days of progress, must this still be from the authorised, or may it be from the revised, version. Is a question the bishops have been asked; and I deem it best to give my own answer very publicly. My own —for though the General Synod in 18S6 referred the matter to the bench, the bishops, in five years, have taken no action as a body, it seems clear that the law of our church, reasonably interpreted, no where binds our clergy to A. V,, in the Lessons at any rate. Sut is it desirable, for the edification of the faithful, ro make an alteration ? After 10 years’ habitual use of* the Revised New Testament, and six years* of the Revised Old Testa ment, I deliberately and most decidedly answer in the affirmative. Not only should 1 have no censure for a clergyman adopting the change; I strongly counsel its adoption in all our churches. I deem it best to speak with emphatic distinctness on this subject; but it must not be thought either that I assume the right to issue a command about it, or that I am insensible to the force of objections that may be felt to the advice given. . I assume no.right to the super . session ■ of King James' version by another. (The formal ** authorisation ” of the former, by the way, seems nowhere recorded. Nor should it be forgotten that R. V. is not anew version. It distinctly claims only to be A. V. with emendations, made with the sanction of convocation.) No, I am quite content to ** advise,” merely, in this matter, and shall take no offence if my advice be not at once and everywhere followed. As for the objections likely to be m*de. I have carefully weighed, and found them wanting. The R. V. is doubtless neither psrfeot nor final, but ic is the most accurate version likely to be publicly issued for a long lime. The A. V. is more rhythmical and stately in its flow; but where strict fidelity in render ing the sense seems sacrificed to purchase this, shall we rest contest with the* bargain? But, it is urged, A. V. is dear from its familiarity and associations; the R. V. changes vex the ear. This objection would have been valid at first against A. V. itself. And may not much familarlty have its drawback In the deadening of attention, and the shock of novelty bs compensated by the stimulation of it? A semi-superstitious regard to the letter of our Bibles is no imaginary danger to many. I am told that In some congregations individuals may take offence at the innovation; but thi-* difficult}’ wou-d occur (or a time with any change, however wholesome, and is likely. 1 think, to assume insignificant pro portions in this case. 1 The ‘ Prayer Book Psalter varies from A. V.; who complains? R. V, la mostly preached from already; who is offended ? It is only tne Lessons, not the Epistle and Gospel, or' Psalms, that will be varied; and dissentient woishippets can follow them with their A. V., a plan offering great advantages, and the ulti mate result of which, I think, will not be doubtful. Some may think it might suffice for the present to recommend R. V. for consultation, as a commentary; but experiment and observation have convinced me that but little could bo hoped from this; and that the boon of deliverance from the public reading of certain passages In their present form, and of becoming well acquainted with the true turn of thought and argument in many others, where it is obscured, or at least not brought out fully, in A V., should no longer be withheld from our congre gallons. Two questions may be noticed:—ls it the duty of the clergy to consult the managing body of a church before taking the step recommended? The act creating these gives them no official voice on such a question; but the clergy and laity will do well to talk it over together, and should a decided majority of the latter in any case give the former reason for believing tnat strife or other harm would locally result from immediate change, to wait awhile. Lastly, expense is involved. How are th- books to be obtained and paid for. Dignified Church Bibles, such as S.P.O.K. hitherto has pre sented us with, cannot be expected in K.V. without substantial cost; but application to my university has brought an offer from Oxford to supply me for this diocese at greatly reduced prices. In all kinds; and I advise church managers to correspond with the regis trar before purchasing. Of course we have no stock, and delay there mn-t be in the supply of the cheapened books. Would not Whitsuntide be an appropriate date for the change of which we bare been speaking? Horae Missionary Work.—At the end of June a fort night’s mission was conducted in two Ballarat parishes, , on ray invitation, by Rev. G. C. Grubb, M. A. Im mense interest was excited by the work of this evan gelism and his helpers, and I am convinced that, by God’s blessing, deep and lasting good was received by many. I strongly feel, however, that special oppor tunities of this kind should be afforded to our country congregations, which seems never done. I am ac cordingly arranging for the visit of a well-qualified mlssioner from Knglattd next September, to minister for seven months, at suitable times, in country parishes,'wherever the clergy would welcome his ser vices. Details will be duly pre-armounced, and I hope much from this effort. Sly hush j »urneys profoundly impress me with the tendency of country life to mo notony and religious torpor, and also with the read!- , ness of our burii population to respond to the atimubi* j tion of a visit from a fresh teacher, with sympathy in 1 his heart jind a message worth hearing on bis lips. Evangelisation makes one think of the Salvationists. The present incarceration of some of these not far from this chamber is a circumstance everyone must regret—is it inconceivable that our church might act, perhaps with others, os a peacemaker? She has a reputation for respect to constituted authority—on the other hand, she is in inner sympathy with all true religious zeal and, while hardly endorsing Salvation ism in every respect, has had no conflict with 1 have told his worship the mayor that my services are at bis commiud for mediation, ahould it ever be de sired, and my good offices thought likely to be of the least avail. Session business is abundant and so might com ment from the chair upon it hi; but ray duty is to lay the cloth, rather than dull your appetite by pre prandial helpings from the bill of fare. I have taken up sn much of your time that 1 will take up no more; closing with the aspiration with which I opened, for some inspiring influence upon our present session, such as the Giver of ** every good gift and every perfect boon” only can bestow. And will He not bestow it? Says bishop Julius— M Men complain with Justice of the deadening influences of synod." Did they to him. when ha was here? I had hoped that it.was otherwise.. Sure I am,- at any rate, that.it maybe otherwise, and will be otherwise if we will unite In pray ing for and expecting a time of quickening instead of deadening in the assembly week of 1392! 0, our Master is as ready to p *ur into our poo** hearts grace for the hour of debating and legislating for His cause as for the hour of suffering and dying for it, if only those hearts be ready to receive His gift. Let each of us, then, look up this week continually, and cry to Him. %, 0 God. my heart is ready, my heart is ready !” In that event, life, not death, most issue from this our gathering; and In the fervent hope that this may be «o abundantly, I now summon you to the discharge of your duties, in this third session, which I hereby declare duly open, of the fifth lawfully con stituted Church Assembly of the diocese of Ballarat. At the close of the addres the assembly adjourned until 3 o'clock. On resuming a copy of the message sent by the Primate through Lord Jersey to the Queen and to the Prince and Princess nf Wales was read, as were also copies of reports of School Board, Superannuation Fond Board, Cathedral Board, Diocesan Missionary Association, reports re Trinity College, re Clergy Widow, and Orphans* Fund; deter minations of general synod, session 1891; committee of genera] synod, re use of life assurance; rules for vestries and committees, and extract from letter to the bishop from Rev. Canon Whitington, organising secretary Australian Board of Missions. The reports not already printed, were ordered to be printed and circulated. The president announced that there was a vacancy in the Cathedral chapter for a lay canon through the resignation of Judge Gaunt. Nominations would be received up to Wednesday, and the election would take plsce on Thursday. Canon Radcliff moved That a deputa tion of the National Scripture Education League * bo allowed to appear before and address this house at 4 p.m., to-day.* 1 An amendment, moved by Archdeacon and seconded by Canon Mac Murray, That the deputation be heard on Wednes day at 7.30 p.m.,*’ was carried, Mr H, A. Nevott moved “That the thanks of the assembly be tendered to the president for We address, and tbat jt be printed and circulated in the .diocese. in doing so, Mr Nevett said, that those who. had had the privilege of listening to the ad dress could not fail to thank him for the singularly clear, comprehensive, and^ instruc tive account of the progress of the Church of England, not only in this diocese but in the entire world. They could not but recognise this as another instance of_ the untiring energy with which the president had dis charged the high duties of his office, ihe motion was seconded by the Rev. W- a- Curzon-Siggars. The seconder and the Rev. H. C. E. Morris disagreed with the para graph referring to the Salvation Army, and thought that, as the members of the Army who were in gaol had offended against the civic laws, the assembly should say nothing aboot it. The Rev, Mr Morris moved, and Mr Brind seconded, a motion that the pre sident be requested to have the clause ex punged. The rantion was lost. Mr E- P. Date objected to the expression, “ de paganising our primary schools,” and the word was amended to read “Christianising, Mr Nevett’s motion was carried with accla mation. Superintendent Palmer moved “ That this assembly unanimously desires on behalf of the diocese of Ballarat to express its deep sense of the debt of gratitude which the church in Victoria owes to the late Bishop Perry, for the wise and devoted labor of his episcopate during 27. years.” In doing so he referred to the circumstances under which Bishop Parry had carried on his work in Victoria, and of the excellent services he had rendered the church. The Kev. H. C. E. Morris seconded the motion, which was supported by Mr J. C. Mnlloy and Arch deacon Beamish, and carried unanimously. Bills.—Xhe following were introduced and read a first time:—Bill authorising the pay ment of a sum of £lOO out of .the capital of the austentation fund to the widow of the late Rev. James Robert.-K'ngshnt.; bill to amend the Assembly Act, ISS7: bill to pro vide for the constitution of parochial dis tricts; :to amend the Interpretation Act, 1879; to validate the action of the-church assembly of the diocesa of .Melbourne in altering the mode of election of its repre sentatives on the board of the clergy widow and prphana , 'fund; to amend the Cathedral Adti to-amend the Superannuation Fund Act, 1888;- to repeal the province and Metropolitan Act; to aooepit certain deter minations of th“ general synod of the dio ceses of Australia and Tasmania, and to amend the Trustees and Vestries Act, Mr E. J. Webb moved—“(a) That the resolution passed at last session of assembly with reference to withholding grants until the lequirements of. the diocese respecting offertories - for - diocesan funds, &c.;, be rescinded; and (contingent on - the above being carried) (ii) that in future the last quarter of e«ch grant be retained by the registrar until it is shown that the offer tories required by acts of church aase'mbly fer diocesan' funds have been paid to the honorary secretary of the superannuation fund and the organising secretary or regis trar of the diocese by the parish or district to which any grant has been made, and that if any such nffertory has not been paid in in sufficient time to be iuciuded in the diocesan accounts for the year in which it is payable, it be en tered when received as for said year, and that the ■ defaulting pariah nr district be notified when receiving the last quarter’s grant fnr such past year that another offer tory or offertories, as the case may be, is or are required for the current year, and that the bishop be requested,'through the arch deacons of. the diocese, to secure in unaided parishes and districts punctual compliance with l acts of assembly requiring colled lions.” Seconded by the Rev. Canon Mac Murray, and carried. The Rev. R. Heffernan moved—“ That whereas it is found that in many cases the marriage fee in this diocese is oppressive, this assembly recommend thatthesamebereduced to one guinea sterling.” The mover thought that in place of two guineas being forwarded to the church management fund, and one guinea being retained by the clergyman, the one guinea should be paid to the fund, and the clergymen should depend on voluntary contributions. Mr J. G. Ritchie seconded the motion. Captain Bridges thought the fee'should remain as at present, but the clergyman should receive two guineas in place of one. Archdeacon Green opposed the motion, and the debate was finally, at 5.30 p m., adjourned until this afternoon. Several notices of motion for to-day were given. The assembly will sit to-day and following days from 3 to 6 p.m,, and meet again at 7.30 p.m. if necessary. Choral Festival, In the evening a choral festival by the combined Anglican choirs, with Mr J. J. Bailey as organist, was held in the Pro Cathedral, and was very largely attended. The festival opened with the processional hymn, “Stand up. stand up for Jesus.” The psalms for the day were then recited, fol lowen by the “Magnificat” and “Nunc dimittis.” The following anthem, com posed expressly fnr the occasion by Mr Walter Spinney, was rendered with much feeling:—“ My righteousness is near, my salvation is gone forth, and mine arms shall judge the people; the isles shall wait upon ms, and on mine arm shall they trust. It shall be said in that nay, io, this is our God, we have waited for Him and Ha will save ns; we will be glad and rejoice in Him. Awake up, my glory! awake lute and harp, I myself will awake right early.” Dr Goe, Bishop nf Melbourne, preached an eloquent sermon from Jude i., 3. After the pro nouncing nf the benediction, the festival terminated with the recessional hymn, “ To the name of our salvation.” 