We liavo got £2,000,000 more by way of loan from the British capitalist — on terms, ijitrictly on terni9. Whatever comfort that fact can give us is ours. Wo have just escaped failure, hut by a shave so close as to he most unpleasantly suggestive. The money wo shall get for this two million loan, after deducting the 8 per cent, we pay for it, and some £20,000, the cost of flotation, will ho ahont £1,820,000. This is some £80,000 worse than the results of tho £2,000,000 loan floated in April of last year. Suchisthedepreciationof the colony's credit in a single year, and that from a point when wo thought things financial were at zero. There is hut ono conceivable aspect from which this loan can afford us any satisfaction. We had paid away tlio money in advance for works ordered long ago, aud we were bound to find funds to meet tho State creditor. The gambler must pledge even the family plate to redeem his debts of honor. Wo entrusted our State purse and credit to a political gambler, and wo are paying for our rash ness. There is no wisdom in blinking our eyes at stubborn facts, nor in losing our .heads or our tempers' over them. But wo may do well in trying thoroughly to realise tlfo lesson which this loan teaches us. Let us look back at the course we have travelled sinco 1888. IToro is a record of our five last 34 per cent, loans, and tlieir results : — 1889\. £3,000,000 loan brought- ..£101 12 0 1890\. £4,000,000 loan brouziit .. 98 19 6 1891\. £2,000,000 loan brought .. 95 1 5 1891\. £1,000,000 loan brought .. 96 5 0 1892\. £2,000,000 loan brought . . 92 1 5 What a clironiclo is that ! In April of last year, when Mr. Munro had to sell his deben tures at the low prico then ruling, wo con soled ourselves by saying that the London money market was stringent ; that South American troubles had unsettled things ; hut that, except for these things, our own credit was as good as over. No such plea is available now. There was rarely a time when Loudon money was more plentiful than now. It is lying almost idle in mil lions ; hut its owners deliberately choose to leave it so rather than buy Victorian bonds with it. As if thoso adverse conditions of the London lenders were not trouble enough for a Colonial Treasurer, it would almost seem as if our own associated hanks lmd entered into a conspiracy with the fates to. blast the few flickering promises which the loan exhibited. After the ten Australian banks had agreed with Sir Graham Berry to tender partially for the loan, without a word of warning tliey cabled home almost at the last moment that their representative was to stay his hand. Tho rumor spread in London like ilamo before a hurricane, and the bonds, which had been quoted at £93, becamo tainted and questionable oven at the minimum. The ex cuse of the bankers for this virtual breach of faith is that tlio Treasurer had at the eleventh hour raised an objection to tlio terms of a new agreement on an entirely separate mattor, aiid made alterations which they had 110 time to consider in con cert, and lienco the message to. their London agents to wait further instruc tions. The bankers plead that ono thiug depended on tho othor, and that " it was a mere matter of business." The Trcasuror affirms that the two things were entirely separate, and that even if that had not been tho case tho hankers had no right to send home their damaging mcssngb with out first consulting with him. As to tho merits of this dispute, there is scarcely a second opinion in any circles where it lias been discussed. The action of tho hankers was precipitate, and not very patriotic. It needed no ghost to come from tho grave to tell us that as soon as tho rumor spread in London that oven Victorian banks refused to support Victorian credit, our loan was in danger of failure. It has not failed, in the sonso that wo have got tlio money wo asked for ; but wo should almost certainly have got £1 more in every £100, or £20,000 in all. Bearing these things in mind, it will he seen that the Treasurer lias no very good reason for elation when ho reckons up tho pros and cons of his latest effort at loan raising. Still less is this tho case when ho recollects that all the money just bor rowed has boon paid away before ho has fingered it. When Mr. Shiels spoke to the Legislative Assembly on the 22nd Decem ber lost on the question of railway con struction, he said -. — Of tho £2,000,000 which tho Govornmont hoped to be ablo to float soma time next year, £1,370,671 had boon allocated to the construction of lines already authorised and works in progress; and the sum of £683,016 wns required for water supply works nlready authorised. These two items exceed the amount of the £2,000,000 to bo borrowed by £63,687, so that the loan of £2,000,000 was practically hypothecated. What tho loan will do will he to mako the Government position easy as to tho re demption of the million of Treasury bonds at the end of tho present year, and so re plenish tho depleted trust funds; hut not a singlo mile of new railways can ho under taken with the money. In fact, we have now raised £5,000, 00<0 in loans since Mr. Gillies loft offico, and- all to pay the debts which ho left as a legacy to his suffering country. As to tho futuro, it may ho taken for granted that no Victorian Treasurer will trouble London again until necessity com pels, Whenever, that may be. On tho 1st of January, 1894, wo shall liavo our two last 5 per cent, loans falling due, and with, their conversion wo shall save £25,000 a year in interest. Thoy aro as follows Loan, payable in London, 1st January, 1894 .» « « 4J«»lwf»Uw Loan, payablo In Melbourne same date 312,900 Total ' .. » £2,H9.!X» Theso repayments may ho mado perhaps sumo time noxt year by a process of con version, without any dirocb nppcal for a new loan. In tho moantiine wo aro con fronted stornly with the fact that our immediato futuro lios with ourselves, and that the only policy loft to us is one of self reliance. If direct taxation shall ho found a necessity of the future, wo must submit, to it with what graco wo can command; but before that is resorted to tlio emiutry will expect a retrenchment' of tho cost of government so rigorous that tho last of tho abuses of the had past Bhall ho wholly swept away. Tlio Government lias . fallen on evil days. Their task is admittedly most thankless and discouraging, hut if the present Minis try lias any direct mission at all front the country it is in an unflinching fulfilment of tho policy of retrenchment which brought it into being, anil which gave it the generous support of a trusting people. We aro woll awaro that tho Conservative sappers and minors aro ceaselessly at work to defeat retrenchment, as they alwayB aro. Sinccurists are almost as hard iu dying as annuitants nnd State pensioners, and tlioro are some of the veiy. fattest in tho service to-day who are making tho most strenuous struggles to bo spared. Therein, perhaps, lies the Government peril. Human nature : is strong, and it is not absent front the' breasts of Ministers ; hut if. allowed to ho stronger than duty, from that moment will begin tlio doclino of the strongest Government Victoria lias seen since the days when the stonowallors swept Sir Jamos M'Cullooli out of political existence. Tite old question of leasing versus 'alienation crept up again on Wednesday, when a deputation from thu Homestead League waited upon Mr. M'Lean, tho Minister of Lands, to urge the adoption of tlio leasing .principio in tho forthcoming Village Settlements Bill. Somo peoplo soom to have forgotten tlio debates iu tho Assembly when tho present Laud Act was adopted. Tho whole question of leasing as a substitute for tho foo simple was then discussed, with tho effect that a staggering blow was adminis tered to tho leasing advocates. If agricul ture is to ho encouraged, it was admitted by the leasing advocatos thomselves, there must lio security of tenure. With the view of giving that, it was suggested that the leases should bo perpetual with a power of sale and bequest. This would only make a nominal difference between leasehold and freehold. There would remain, it is true, tho power to vary tlio rout from time to time, and the members of the deputation proposed that the inducements to. sell should ho reduced by charging from 24 to 5 per cent, on the capital valuo of the land, tlio capital value to he readjusted, say, every live years. Now, apart from tho annual rent, tlio tenure would bo iden tical with the freehold, and it is now quite opon to Parliament to impose a land tax of from 24 to 5 per cent., or any other amount. Tlio great mistako mado by the members of the ''Homes tead League is in thinking that the conditions which prevail in tho relations of private landlords and- tenants can he introduced into those of the holders of land and tlio Stato under our systom of govermnont. Mr. M'Lean, not being a faddist, saw tho point at once. He said, in his reply : — " When the landlord and the tenant " were two different persons theso condi- " tions could he rogul atecl by agreement pro- " viding terms as stringent ns was naces- "sary.; hut .wlion' the! landlord and tlio " ton ant were tlio same person, as would " bo tho easo where tlio Stato was theland- " lord, and tho people, as tonants, leased " laud from themselves as the State, their " interests as landlords would, bo diametri- " cally opposed to their interests as " tenants, and they wore not likely to " impose off themselves the stringent con ditions which would he necessary to " prevent them making as much money " out of tho land as posstblo at tlio expense "of the land itself." Tho fact is patent that, no matter what conditions are imposed on tlio occupation of the land at the outset, they aro invariably altered in the interest of the tenants, if the latter are sufficiently numerous to impose their will upon Parliament. Mr. AVinter thinks that Parliament, as representing tho whole people, would adhere to effective restric tions on tho occupation of tlio land by a sec tion. But experience shows that where tho section represents a large aud solid vote tho conditions always go unless they can ho defeodod on the grounds of fairness between ono class a d another. What is proposed in the present instance is to bring into oxistonco an exceedingly large class of small proprietors, who are to ho asked to submit to a permanent tax of from 24 to 5 per cent, por annum on a varying valua tion. What would happen within a very few years would bo that tho class so taxed would complain that they were called iipon to contribute to the public funds in a greater degree than those who had acquired land on mora favorablo terms at an earlier period, and the complaint would have the car of Parliament on the grounds of common justice, even if tho anticipated settlement of large numbers on the soil under tlio proposed system did not neces sarily command attention. Under the present system of settlement the selector pays 5 percent, on an arbitrary valuation of £1 per aero for 20 years, and lie is thou released from further charges other than such as' may he imposed by Parliament for revenue purposes. Sup posing that wo had ton times tlio number of land occupiers undor the proposed system of perpetual leasing, is it likely that they would agroo to continue for all time a payment which had been limited as regards others to 20 years? Tho mistako which is usual in connection with this subject is th'at it is supposed that tho grant of tho foe simple transforms land into a chattel property, over which tho State has little or 110 control. As a matter of fact, whatever the denomination of the title given to the holding of land, the ovcrlordship of the Stato novcr ceases. Tho land cannot ho taken away, and the ruling authority can at any time impose whatever conditions on tho holders it may deem proper. Tho direct landlordship of the State with a varying rent lias been the immemorial practice in many Eastern countries, hut in every ono of these tho state of agriculture lias been backward, and tho condition of the agricultural population miserable in tho extreme. We cannot imagine farmers in this colony falling into tho condition of the Egyptian fellaheen, because they are free men, and would defond their interests at the ballot box. This questiou of tho nlienation or non-alienation of the land is only ono of sentiment, and a sentiment, to hoot, around which a good deal of liazo lias gathered.- Once wo recognise that the land of any country, 110 matter what titlo may ho given to the holder, is necessarily held by privilege from tho community, and may he resumed when the interests of tlio community demand the resumption, the controversy between tho advocates of leas ing and thoso of freehold tenure dwindles into insignificance, and the question resolves itself, as Mr. M'Lean says, into one as to which systom will givo tho mo9t production to tlio country and preserve the value of tho land for nil time. A much more important Issuo than the nominal tenure of laud is tlio bringing togothcr of idlo lands anil idle man, and the suggested improvement of an area of land iu West Gippsland by the unemployed and iln subsequent snlo on tho systom of deforred payments to desirable occupants desorves tho serious considers- tioff of tlio Govornmont, ns a means of disposing of tho unemployed dilliculty on tho ono hand, and of increasing tho pro ductive power of tho colony . on the othor. Sin tUnny' Atkinson's death will ho mourned throughout Now Zcalniid; for no . political leader in the colonies possessed a wider circlo of friends. His career lias boon a fighting ono, both physically and men tally, hut his naturally niuiahlo tempera ment secured for him, when feuds woro ended, tlio good opinion oven of thoso to whom ho had been most bitterly opposed. From the time of his lauding in tlio colony, some forty years hack, he has been closely identified with tho Taranaki district, where lie touk up his abode. In its Provincial Council lie first gained . prominonco as a politician, and lie sat as ono of its repre sentatives in the Central Parliament until ill health interfered with his activity and impelled him to retire . into . the comparative obscurity of the nomi nee Chamber. Over this body ho was at onco elected to preside, and his last fatal seizure found lnui at his post. Strangely enough', tho House had just been commemorating - the loss of throe of its members who died .during the recoss, and. had rison. early as a mark .of rospoot to their .memory, when Sir Harry experienced his fatal attack. To those about him ho is reported to have said — "I have received my marching "orders," nnd a few minutes afterwards he oxpirod. It was the sort of death which as a soldior ho would probably have chosen, although many years liavo elapsed since lie did yooman service for his colony in a military capacity. Tho Taranaki Rangers, whosoexploits woronoiscd abroad during tlio sixties, when tho Maori os sought todriveout tho Pakclia intruders, wore commanded by Mr. Atkinson, then familiarly known as "tho! fighting Major." Considering that lie was indebted to tlio provincial system, formerly prevailing in Now Zea land,. for his cntranco to public life, it is notable that it Bliould Jiavo been lus hand, in conjunction with that of bir Julius Yogel, which 18 years ago put an end to it. Ever sinco that period lie liiis ' occupied ' a foremost place, either in oflicc or in Opposition, among tlio many able men who liavo figured in' tho Maoriland Parliament. O there younger in the service than himself attracted tho notico of English Colonial Secretaries and rccoived the barren lienor of knighthood, although, lmd the distinc tion been one of loeal prosbntation, it would have been his long before 1888, when lie actually acquired it. Like many men who liavo won thoir. spurs 'on tho field of battle, Sir Harry Was somewhat impaliont of tho manifold checks politicians havo to encounter, and the constant demands for reform and change advanced. in the name of the populace. He consequently during the latter portion of his official career assumed a somewhat rigid Conservative attitude, aud speedily fell into disfavor with the masses. His resolute antngonism to tlio labor party during tlio strike of 1890 completed his discomfiture, while the stnte of his health prevented him, possibly, from exhibiting tho energy and resolution which had frequently stood him iu good stead. Some of tho later acts of his Administration cannot well he defended. When his Government was known to ho in extremis, he nominated a number of par tisans for scats in tho Legislative Council, a course which his opponents, denounced as thoroughly unconstitutional. Ilis olovatioir of Mr. Edwards to the Suprom'o Court bench, although Parliament had mado no provision for tlio salary of an extra judge, was equally unfortunate, and resulted iu the memorable suit of Buckley v. Edwards, recently adjudicated upon by tho Privy Council iff a manner disastrous to his unfor tunate nominee. Spito of a few mistakes of this nature, however, Sir Harry Atkin son 1ms deserved well of his colony, which will not readily allow his name to he for gotten. 