ITH L GUiOSI'T THA' l i|WOKEI). ln OST of you fellers have heard of Sghosts," said the man behind the stove, "but very few of you have been them. Now, I'll tell you a story of it ghost, an industrious ghost. I ain't. the man what seen the man lthat sa? the _1ho-t, mind you. I saw it myself. The story nin't very romantic, but it's queer, oan' ill tell it to you." And the man behind the stove re-lit his pips acnd started off. "In 1878 I was in the oil regions of Penn sylrania. I was speculating a little, and lid done well, and I knew the ceoutry pretty thoroughly. I was on my way from Petrolia, in Butler Countoy, to Fairview. In the party was Sam Shryock, two other experts, anld myself. We were going to teo a now 300-barrel well near Fairview that had just been struck by Green, the oil king. "'What wells is theom? I asked as the road took a short cut tlnhrough a way I had not bee before, andil 1 pointed my hand to three tadl derricks of weather worni pile,with an engine pltiiing steadily away beside each one of theol. "Thllose aro the Bell Union, or Ghost wells," said Saul. "' And why fliho Ghos wolls I' "'Because a gfhost runs thlem.' "I doubted Sam'sstlatementat first. ult the other twho experts nodded their heads aflrimatively, and then Sam told tlhestory. "The Bell Union wells were amoug the first itruck oni the belt in the third pand. "This place then was at whoopling willur. ness. There was to colmmunication with the outside worll savo by tollay exlress, and although the Allegheny Vlloy ad railro an but six miles away, the condition of the counltry and the thickness of the forest made these wells almost inicce+siblr'. "No woman lived learer than Parker, seen ilmiles off, and the two young men from Erio who pumped the wella--Cluarlie Kuy lor and Fred ]Iastings--had a hard and lonely lot of it. Of these two, Kaylor was a bright, intellligenit boy of friendly dispoti tion, just 31. hlastiings, on the contrary, was of a molrose anid selfish disposition, and, although these two men worked hero by tlurnsnight and day for months without seeing a himian face other than thoen own, there was anything but friendship between the two. Kaylor had triedtl to make friends with aIInstings time nd again,ounly to hb repulsed. So now the two men relloned onch other, each did his ohare of the work and no moreo, and they nover spoke except when necessary to give instructions. Hast ings worked the mnorning Irick and Kaylor came on at nlghl. u "Things roent on like this for some time, until one day Kaylor was seized with a terrible attack of toothache. There was no tontish nearer than Parker, and hlie suffered four sleepless nights and days in agony. At last, on the fifth 'day hie started to walk to the dentist at Parker, seoven rough Iouneitain miles, as soon as his trick or work turn was linished. IHe was back at ten tlha night, free froni pain, for the cnllse aits gone, but weary, worn out atnd foot-sore, and nearly dead, besidea, for want of sleep. " 'Work for me to-niglt, Fred,' lie asked Hastings. ' You kIow what I've been through, and1 how dead tired I alm.' " t Hlialiin gs rofused. "' Only workl for me four hours then, for the love of (lot.' "'Every maun works his own trick on these wells," replied Ilastings. "'All right, then tlwirll '1ul nline, liling or dead,' und ho lay doiwn on a board, wehilk Tastlings took his coat and bucketob an walked out of the engine.-house. "At 2.30 the nexet mornintg theirboiler went iup, takint IKaylor's mangled body and most of the hoiler room with it. The owners of the well, Sattoerfield and Taylor, of Titus villo, replaced the boiler and indle the necessary retpairs, andt in two weeks tlhe wells started up a?gain, with H1astingi running Kaylor's tricck from 1 a.m. until 1 p.m. SIe rani the trick o0t1 turnl and then refused to i-orkc it longer. Heo gave no expnlanation, bIut took back his own turn. The new man int Kaylor's place ran one trick, too, mid then refuedtl to work it againl. Upli inv\'estigtionl, the foreman learned til-m strange tllhing, hai)ppeioe oil the mutuing tricks. Wa'er gungee were raised, Iipumps twere tui'rlled off and on, the engine atopped and started, and tihe oil cans were thl:i up by ilnvisible lhands and the engines oiled-nolt oaly the ono in the boiler-holuse, but the othler two, otne hundred land fifty yard' away as well. "Charlio t(aylor, dead, wais working his trick I They sentl to Erio for Kaylor'a brother, ' and lie is there yet,' aild Sanm, ill coalluslon. I He sleps lit night on his trick, and the ghost runs tlo wells.' "Of course I laughed at tlhe story, and Sam replied, soberly '1 didnl't belioeve it, either, but you nee it yourselfa I did.' "'Thot nillght I dcleseed imysolf is a tramp, and at nine o'clock presoented myself at tlhe engilne-housle door. Hfastings wrason watch, nld to my lurprise, aifter Sani's descritition of him, lie readl?ily as dletd to lmy ulcetnllgl thler. I nottedtl his black hair wll s infxeid with gray, and he seemnod worried and nervous. I iiupose hie was afraid of tlhe ghost, and was glad of complany at night, evenif thoel were no Inanifostatiols tlurigii tIls turn. "Taking a board, I mnade mnyslf a bnllk, ostensibly to sleep, but really to watch. "Promptly at one o'clock ICaylor's brhoter i enno in. li said ' Goo1 night 'to Hlstlnge, grumbled i little about turning the boiler.roonm into ia ludging?i.house, auiit then he lay down and wenrt to leetp. "As the first duty of the pumipor is to measure his tanllks, examino asu al oil his engino and see all is iright as soon.as -ho goes on duty;, I wasols eslwhiat'tsurp?'teod to see the allcged ghost's braother lie down and sleep at his post. "I wvas imore surprisced and soolowhat Ecared ten mhliutts Inter to sen the link raise on the encilln to the contre, the engiulno sto and the oil niln raise off' tie becl plate, fill every oil ip with oil,and then go back to its plnce. T'hen thie link was raisedl to roreiso imotIon, nld thelo o hugile oarteld is iusuiid. I lrlickedl myself to see if I was awnke, wlhen the wator gautges raised and indicuated ono gaugeoscant. The lunip valvues tlrnlted oil, andlby thehr clinkinh I kilow' the 1umpllsl wrero loedhlng. Thou the oil call calo uil ngatle and the record btok disappeared from its shielf. "Tlih e?alt dloor of the en#giie.houso olpened, 0111 book and oil call passed oat. Tleli by tile nlail1 indientor ii the boiler roomn I colll telol the other wells and cllglnos ne:r lhloni tere atteolnded to by tiho ghiostly punintlian. i tIftleeon Innultes tilia ite doorr olanel, onid can and book wolt back to tlloeir plilaes. I sltotlled up noiselessly to thle shelf, nild there was thi recordl of the tanl tfor thie nlght's work ando ouit. I turned back in the book. It was the dead man's wrllting. A shiver wont Ilhrough l mo; as at thie other and0 of thile engino-holsle I heard thie dead manll still at wiork, whle hle birotlher slopt nway beside the stove. CharlIe Kaylori, dead, still worked his trIck." THE PITIAN AND THE EAR TRUMIPET, SA rr.TANs entered i piubllc- holse ill Now. eastle, wheore an old m0an was seated near theo tire, 'nd accosted himn with tile ousotomary salutatoni of "Oude Ilornlin'." Thi old 0all,0l hoteverr, paild no atlentlon, nnud thie lltmtin roleeatedl his lilllte hi a loudir voice. t'hlimstIme hllls hallnRsge had effoot. Thi old hnu raiseld hitmelf tip, iind, tanlig flrol a aptacoues pok?kt a trutcilut onf ectilar coi struction, put 1 to his cni', hoitlalest lilt. man stood al naoed, but, after cwaitlig wcill the most s;lilous exlhectatloli for sloms momenets, hti exehlnedt, willth a uliemlppoilted 'Oni ', mltl it wtill cciQ Tloo lllilo pltoy \h.' ILy lue," S27 