c#laxl $zw8. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London. New Year's Dav. 1892. ' The Anglo-colonists who spent Christmas week in London describe the six days' black fog as a never- to-be-f orgotton experience. Fog affects a great many people physically, pro duces headache, lassitude, and profound de- : pression, and Australians seem specially sensi- \ tive in this respect. On the other hand, they do not sutler from cold as one would expect them to. If being a shivery man yourself you say to young Cornstalk— ' Dreadfully cold; don't you feel it?' expecting cordial corroboration, the chances are he replies indifferently ** Not much.' | Like ihany another good man and true poor Altreri JJellier, who was latterly even better known in Australia than in England, sacrificed his life to his work. If Cellier would have resided . permanently at the antipodes he might have lived to a green old age, but this meant giving up many of his dearest ambitions. A Melbourne or Adelaide com- ; poser could not hope to collaborate with W. S. ; Gilbert or Geo. B. Sims. ' The Mountebanks' ? practically killed Mr. Cellier. HLs doctors ! ordered him abroad weeks back, but he stayed i to rehearse this opera and conduct its first per formance. This was fixed for the 23rd. Some of the music, however, in the last act required j altering, and Mr. Cellier being too unwell to j attend the dress rehearsal the premiere was postponed till New Year's Ere. On Mon day afternoon Mr. Cellier having pud the final tou3hes to his score came up to town from balmy Bournemouth, ! ?where he had been staying for Christmas. Hq \ was very ill in the train, bat grew a little I better before reaching 'Waterloo, and drove j from there to the house of the Australian i manager, Mr. Miisgrove, with whom he had j some friendly business. 'Whilst there the poor 1 fellow was again attacked seriously and j died almost in Musgroye's arms. Alfred j Cellier, like Arthur Sullivan, began life as | choir boy at the Chapel Royal, Savoy, a church full of lyrical and theatrical associa tions. From there he gravitated in IS55 to Chapel Royal, St. James's, where he picked up enough knowledge of music to enable him at IS to become organist ot All Saints, Blaolc heath. After 10 years' devotion to sacred music Mr. Cellier quitted the church for the stage, and became leader of the orchestra at the Princes Theatre, Manchester, then the smartest house in the provinces. About the same time his name came before the public in connection with a German Reed success, 'Charity Begins at Home,' for which he wrote the music Curiously enough Gilbert's first popular hit, ' Ages Ago' (the music by Eredt Clay), was in the same bilL I remember seeing both pieces at the old Gallery of Illustration in 1870, and an excellent programme they made. One wonders, to diverge a moment, amateurs do not resurrect ' Ages Ago ' of tener. It ia a smart little costume play for five characters, written after Gilbert's most whimsical style and with charming, music. Clay, indeed, never did anything better. One of the songs, 'So please you, sir, 'tis I,' was sung everywhere in the early seventies. Either Cbappells or Metzlera published the music of both ' Charity Begins at Home' and ' Ages Ago.' Mr. Cellier's first ambitious work, 'The Sultan of Mocha,' was a success at Manchester in 1874, and is by many even now believed to contain his best work. Two years afterwards he produced -at the same theatre 'Nell Gwynne,' which failed, though a decade later the identical score set to a new libretto achieved one of the j longest runs on record. This was of course j 'Dorothy,' an operatic mixture composed of the score of ' Nell Gwynne' and three or four ballads. One of these, 'Queen of my heart,' did much to render the piece the suc cess it grew into rather than created on the premerc. 'Doris,' which followed i 'Dorothy,' did not catch on, in fact Mr. ! Cellier's other palpable hits were mostly j operettas, such as 'The Carp' (1886), 'The j Spectre Knight' (187S), and 'Mrs. Jarramie's Genie.' The first and last of these are time honored curtain-raisers at the Savoy. In Aus tralia, wnere yon do not knowtnenn, l imagine \ amateurs might find the little pieces service- j able. Theexpenseofpostponing'TheMounte- ! banks' a second time was considerable, over ; 300 persons being employed in the production, i but both Mr. Sedger and Mr. Gilbert agreed that to perform the piece whilst the composer lay unburied was impossible. The premiere has therefore been refised for Monday next and the dress rehearsal fov Saturday. j Lady Blyth's funeral was quite private. ! The Acting Agent-General did not receive an i invitation to attend and no information on j the subject has reached him from Eastbourne. Miss Blytb. is believed to be with her uncle and aunt. Chief Justice Way will read with much con cern of the death of that prominenb Mason, Colonel Shadwell Clerke, grand secretary of the Grand Lodge, which occurred at his resi dence, Clifton Lodge, on -Christmas Day. The colonel was a brother- in-law of Mr. Bsresford, j formerly clerk of your Assembly, and 55 years of age only. He took a leading parb in the ! Masonic functions in honor of Dr. Way, presiding, if I mistake not, at the last meeting. The Prince of Wales and other Royal Masons ?were represented at the. grand secretary's j funeral on Wednesday, which took place at Norwood Cemetery and was largely attended. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sixains have, as I anti cipated, booked passages in the Ballaarat, sail ing February 17. Mr. T. E. Barr-Smitn and i Mrs. Barr-Smith leave by the Valetta on j January 21. apd Mr. E. Chavallard and Mr. H. i Smith will join the same vessel at BrindisL ! Mr. Hi E. Lutte goes out by the Orient on the \ 29th. I Mr. Louis Greir leaves for Melbourne to- j day. He and his brother are the sons of the j late Dr. Greir of that city. Both seem artists j of exceptional merit, in fact they are the only j Australians upon whom the Paris Salon has j ever conferred its much coveted gold medaL i Since Louis Greir came to reside in England he has founded an art school at St. Ives, | which is flourishing exceedingly. At present j a larger number of pupils are in residence than ! even Newlyn can boast. The sixty pictures ? Mr. Greir takes with him to Australia will be | exhibited in Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney, hi the order named. They comprise a capital selection- of the landscapes and nightacapes, which are Louis Greir's forte, and include either the picture itself which obtained the salon medal or a replica.' Possibly some of Mr. Greir's work may be purchasable. If so the local art galleries will surely make a point of recog nising native-born genius by buying and hang ing for all time some popular specimens. Rich Australians seem ready enough to buy pictures hall-marked by a smart English name. It will be interesting to see whether the productions of a talented antipodean artist, educated- up to the highest standards of the- modern French school, which many successful in inducing your colonial Midases to, as vulgar persons put it, 'part.' TheG.P.O- officials who worked right through Christmas Eve night well into the middle of the following afternoon must have wondered whether Sir James Fergusson's 'personal hope' that ' the staff of the P. O. would heartily enjoy the Christmas season' was 'writ sue castic' or not. They reciprocated their chief's good wishes, however, with respectful cor diality, and Sir James embarked; on Saturday aboard a New Zealand boat for Madeira, where he will stay till Parliament meets. The Daily Hews, in a complimentary para \- graph concerning the brilliant viceregal ball at Adelaide in the lasb week of October, remarks hazily that his Excellency's house party in cluded the Governor of New South Wales and Lady- Jersey and the Governor of South Australia and Lady Kintore. The writer further gives a description of the 'pinkish white satin dress' and magni ficent diamonds worn by Lady Kintore, wind ing upwith 'The countess was unfortunately indisposed, and was consequently unable to be present at her own balL' Ah eerie ghost story of a seasonably creepy and marrow- freezing character appeared in the Naiicnal Observer for Christmas day.- It is called ' The Brazen Cross,' and bore the sig nature of the now constantly- to-the-f ore H. B. M. Watson. Lord Aberdeen has succeeded the Right Hon. Wt H. Smith as vice-president of the Royal Colonial Institute. A rmnor is current at the club3 that Lord Randolph Churchill has intimated to Lord Salisbury that his temperament unfits him for politics, and that if the Premier would find him a vice-royalty of the first class, such as Victoria or New South Wales, be should be obliged. Nothing has yet transpired concern- ' ing Lord Onslow's successor. j The retirement of Sir Robert Herbert, who ? has for 21 years past been the permanent i Tlnrlpr- Spfirfitarv at the Colonial Officfl. in really a more important matter even than the resignation of his superior,?Lord Knutsford, would be. Sir Robert, in ? addition to possess- j ing ripe judgment, singular tact, and charming* ] manners, had an extensive knowledge of colonial | notables little sborb of phenomenal. Whether the 'celebrity' calling upon Lord Knutsford came from Tasmania or Timbuetoo, Melbourne or Mashonaland, Sir Robert was sure to know . all his antecedents, what he wanted from the ! Colonial Office, and exactly how far it was ! desirable or worth while to conciliate him. Sir Robert's loss would be_ simply irreparable j but for the fact that he will be suceeeded by j an official, the Hon.- R. Meade, who has been 1 Senior Assistant Under-Seeretary for years, and ' is saturated with Sir Robert's traditions. ! The Times, referring to Sir R. Herbert's re- ; tirement, observes : — ' Sir Robert Herbert has ' had a brilliant and varied career. After achieving; the most distinguished academic successes at Oxf ord,' Sir Robert Herbert, a near kinsman of the late Lord Carnarvon, entered ; official life, being for soiut: time private secre tary to Mr. Gladstone during his first Chancellorship of the Exchequer.'^ He went out to Australia in 18D9, served as Colonial Secretary during the crisis which led to the separation of the northern provinces from New South Wales, and became the first Prime Minister o£ the new colony' when its separate existence under responsible govern ment was recognised. After six years' service in Queensland he returned to England, and soon entered the Board of Trade as one of the assistant secretaries, but in a year or two was transferred to the Colonial Office, becoming Assistant Under-Seeretary, and in some l-'- months Under-Seeretary, 'a post he has held down to the present time. He had been pre ceded by three officials of great ability— Sir James Stephen, Mr. Herman Merivale, and Sir Frederick Rogers, who subsequently be came Lord Blachford. _ It is probably true that none of these eminent men presented 'Mr. Mother Country,' as the para mount head of the Colonial Office staff was styled by the colonial satirists, to the colonists in so ag'reeable a shape as Sir Robert Herbert. His charm of manner, his wide knowledge, and his ripe judgment were masked by a retiring disposition, but those who know anything of what the work of the Colonial Office is trnist feel that his retirement is a serious loss. Sir Robert Herbert will be succeeded by Mr. Meade, who was appointed Assistant Under-Secretary in 1871, and who has a thorough acquaintance with the problems of colonial policy. These indeed are changing from year to year, and almost from day to day. The difficulties are not the same ss those which had to be faced 20 years ago, but they are certainly not less numerous, and are, perhaps, even more embarrassing. Mr. J. R. Cox, M.P., has arrived back. He expresses himaelf warmly indebted to Dr. Reynolds, of Adelaide, and Dr. Redwood, of Wellington, K.Z., for the assistance they afforded him on his mission. Mr. Philip Mennell furnishes to the readers of the Daily Chronicle some of his impressions and opinions of your colony gathered during his recent visit. He waxes enthusiastic at both your political and commercial progress. Whether 'twas the fog or the absence of their 'own Nellie' or the innate rottenness of what truthcompels me to state is at presentaspeeially wretched specimen of its class, I don't know, but the Gaiety 'ioys would not have 'Cinder- Ellen' at any price on Christmas Eve, and it has not done very good business since. The house began the night in excellent spirits and welcomed each old favorite uproariously, but the piece soon dragged dolefullv and towards the end open expressions of 'dissatisfaction could be heard. This at the Gaiety and on such an occasion ' means much. No doubt equally foggy burlesques have been worked up into successes here before now by clever low comedians, and with Lonnen and Arthur Williams to back up Leslie, 'all' — as the melodramatic villain ob serves — 'may yet be welL' It is, however, very much of a toss-up, especially should the volatile Nellie not return soon. Much, sur prise T^as expressed on Christmas evening durin? the entractes that this piece should have satisfied Australian audiences. Poor old Toole is laid up afc home with a sharp attack of bronchitis. Sir Richard Quain and Dr. A. Cooper Key are in attendance and express considerable anxiety.- In any case some time must elapse before the veteran comedian can reappear, and rehearsals of ' The Houseboat ' are suspended. The Countess of Clanearty, who is not the sort of person to do anything in perfunctory fashion, on Sunday last presented her gratified lord with twins, both boys. Delicate references to the fair Belle's achievement have been intro duced at the music halls. Haddon Chambers has wisely taken a hint from the critics and strengthened the final scene to the ' Honorable Herbert.' The piece does not seem to be 'catching on' well, but it is hoped with the new year the houses may improve. The truth is the Vaudeville is not the popular theatre it was in the days of ' Our Boys.' HI fortune seems to pursue it. 'Wood- barrow Farm' was a capital play which should have run a. twelvemonth, and probably would have done so at the Garrick or Criterion, but Thorne could not make it pay. In the same way ' The Honorable Herbert'' may fail, though for Chambers's sake we'll hope not. The 'January Contemporary contains some interesting reminiscences of Carlyle by the veteran colonist Sir Chas. Gavan Daffy. Ap parently there are to be several instalments as this one winds up with 'to be continued.' 