A GIIOST STORY. 1 If thoro such n thing 011 earth as a real ghost, there's a houso in tlio suburbs of this plnoo that's got it.' Tho speaker wns a nrominont lnwyor, whoso word is his bond, atid ho spoko to friends gathered recently nbout his table, says a New Orleans special to tho St. Louis Globe- Democrat. 1 My father moved to tho oily in 1825, ton years after Juckon's victory here, and rented tho house I speak of. One evening he cntno in very mucli displeased. 'IVhero did lie go ?' Ho nuked. 1 Who ?' inquired my mother. ' Why, tho man who entered tho houso just beforo me. Uo nearly knockod ino oft tho steps.' ' A thorough Bctirch was mtule for tlio man, but no ono wns found, so wo concluded ho must hnvo been snmo drunken passor-by who had pnssod directly through tho houso to tho gnrdou behind, and out nt tho Htrcct gnto. 'I was only about seven years old, but : tho noxt ovoniug just about dust 1 glnucod up and saw n mini iu n red uniform standing iu my inurscry looking at me, I lie was tlio ono for whom wo had Hcarchcd. ' What you want, man ?' I asked, and wns still staring nt him, when lio vanished. Not understanding tlm mystery, and yet not struck cold with horror apparontly unreasonable, I ran screaming to my mother, who repeated my story to my father when ho canto in. ' After that, first 0110 of tlio family, and tiion nnothor would catch momentary glimpses of a man clad in a British uniform and (loathly pnlo, who vanished on bring accosted. Tho nrringotnent of tho house put my inurscry at some distance from my pnronts' roont, bo my nurse was mudo to sleop with mo, ami ono night sho awoke mo 1 by sitting tip in tho bod. 'I dill tho snmo, nml wo heard steps ascending tho Btuircaso, and the clanking of a sword accompanying each footfall. Tlio steps approached the inurscry, and tho man in tlio British sergeant's uniform ontmcd. Tlio uiglit.lu.iiip showod him us pnlliil ns dontb, and his coal Hying open, tlio coat torn uwny from his breast, on which gnped a bloody wound. 'Tito soldiur Btnrtud townsrds the nurse, s bed, wlion sho screamed and it vanished. My father ctimo running but found nothing. Ho moved, howovor, tho next day, t hough ho himself occupied tho Iiouko several nights nftor, trying to solve the mystery, but ho never did. 'Tho ownor declared ho know nothing of tho matter. Tonaiits come nnd go iu tliu liouso, soma rotnuiuing u siuglo night only, while others spend several mouths thoro without boing disturbed ny tlio ghost, whoso visits nro irregular, but always tm- wolcomo. 