§decteb fj0£trg/ THE HAUNTED HOUSE. This boose is haunted ; yes, indeed it is ! . But not by ghosts in trailing robes of white, With waving arms and icy touch and kiss, 'Who always choose the witching hoar of night To wander up and down the level floors, Acd some. unhappy wight's warm blood to' freeze; . Then mass from vision, flitting through closed doors : My glicste, alas ! are not such ghosts as these. No, tfcey are visions, visions of the past, Of deat ones who have entered into r^et ; They conje aiid go, ibtir forms no shadows (xtaC I wcuid tirAjia.ce them ; but niy arms have pitfcttd The empty sar. Ah, me, the dear home life ! It all comes back arouud me as I gaze; And thfcn owa; more begins th» bitter strife, I live once uioie my lung and lonely days. Come, friend, with me and pass the old house by; Let us go in ; there's naught to do us ill. Did you not hear a murmur like a sigh? Ah, look ! the empty rooms begin to fill ! - I see a loved one's face, so mild and kind, Smilicg, midst heavenly lights around it throws. Bo you not eee it ?? Oh, your eyes are blind ! They should be led, like mine, by love alone. The same old chairs stand where they used to stand. The ecu tains in the soft breeze rise and fall, The same old clock points with a warning hand To.passing hours that never seam to pall ; 'While forms of loved ones gone, but ever dear, With all their old- time actions pass me by. Father and mother, yes, they both are here. And there is no one whose face I know ; 'tis I ! Ah, fade not yet, dear visions of the past ! Stay but a little while in each old place I My blest and dear ! Too long ye cannot last While Jove for me lights up each spirit face. Come,' let ns go ; the night is falling fast ; The visions and the da7 alike are flown. I turn me back from that dear love- lit past . To iaoe whate'er 'the future holds, alone ! Kay, friend, seek not to shake my firm belief That dear onrs wait me up at heaven's gate. And in their arms I shall find full relief For all my weary ways and^desolato. I am not wrong in this— I surely deem That heaven will hold the sweetness of the. past, And a home life, to which this earth's shall seem But poor and barren, shall be mine at last ! 