THE STOB.YTELLEB Wolfenberg. By William Black. Author of ' Sunrise,' ' The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' ' Green Pastures,' and 'Piccadilly,' and other popular novels. £Of Poseidon, the mighty God, I begin my lay, Poseidon ?who shakes the earth and the sea unharvested, God of the deep, ?who possesses Helicon and wide Aegae. A double honour have the Gods given thce, 0 Earth shaker, to be at once the tamer of steeds and the saviour of ships. Then hail, Poseidon, the girdler of the world, the dark-haired deity; and do thoa, O Blessed one, keep a kindly heart, and succour sea faring men.— A.L] * Chapter I.— FORTUITOUS ATOMS. What is the space, then, that lies between comedy and tragedy? In this instance, it was merely the breadth of a table in the saloon of the Orient ss. Orotania. For here were we, the most careless and irresponsible set of creatures that were ever shaken into seats by the dice- box of JTate (the Purser) ; and there were they ? But- let us begin at the beginning. We first noticed them as they were crossing the pier at Tilbury, on their way to the tender. There was an elderly lady, sallow of face, with silver white hair beautifully braided. There was her daughter, a young woman of about fiveand twenty, of a pale and clear com plexion, with dark and lustrous eyes, highly- arched black eye brows, and magnificently massed black hair. Then there was a man, apparently about 45, of middle-height or something thereunder, with a long brown moustache, a clipped brown beard, and a firm and decided mouth that seemed somehow out of keeping with his large, grey, dreamy eyes. Indeed, he wore something of an absent look ; it was his two companions who were most alert and interested, especially the younger lady, who was talking and laughing with a gay vivacity. ' Teggy,' observed a certain small creature who keeps her own and certain other house holds in meek subjection — though now she spoke with bated breath — ' those two are countrywomen of yours.' ' I think you forget which is my country,' replied Lady Cameron of Inverraek, a little proudly. ' But they are Ameri cans, if that is what jfou mean.' The next moment — the new arrivals were now coming along the gangway — a startling thing occurred. The man's face ap peared to undergo a gradual and yet swift transformation. Or was it not rather that this definite and actual, this living and breathing, physiognomy summoned up all sorts of ghosts — outlined portraits in the illus trated papers — perhaps, even, some likeness in oil in this or that exhibition P One had cer tainly seen those features before — in books, or magazines, or weekly journals. Then a hasty and furtive appeal to the printed list of passengers, and the mys tery was solved at once ; this was no other than Wolfenberg, the great American artist — the most imaginative painter that America has yet produced — the painter of dreams and visions, of phantasms and mysteries — the painter of 'The Eefcarn of Undine,' of ' Two Lovers in a Valley in the Moon, 'of 'The Goddess Athene Entering the Chamber of Nau sicaa.' Our souls rejoiced over the discovery ; it was something even to be sailing in the same vessel with this master of the magic wand, this compeller of clouds and tempests, this travel ler who had been through the spirit-worlds, whose eyes had beheld strange things. And when our good fortune (or the purser) so arranged affairs that we found ourselves seated opposite these three in the sa loon of the great - steamer, an acquaintance was struck up at once ; that is easily managed on board ship ; the passing of a salt cellar will suffice. Of course it was the young lady who at the outset demanded most attention, and seemed to expect it, and got it. For one thing, there was no unnecessary shyness | about her ; she was eagerly interested in every thing around her ; she chatted freely, smiling and showing pretty teeth, sometimes laughing merrily with her lustrous black eyes. Moreover, she was pleasant to look at. If (??he was not strictly beau tiful, there was at least something curiously seductive in her appearance— something striking, too, in the contrast between Ihe magnificent black hair and the pale skin and red lips. Perhaps that unusually bright crimson owed - a little to artifice, or was it merely accentuated by the prevailing pallor of her complexion? At all events, her pallor was not the pallor of an invalid. There was not much of the invalid about Amclie Dumaresq. as we subsequently discovered her name to be. To us, who were no further awity from her than the breadth of the table, she seemed literally to thrill to the finger-tips with life, and with the delight of . life. It would have been an almost aggressive vitality had it not been modified by-the young lady's evident and placid expectation that she bhould be listened to, and petted, and made much of. And how patiently her two companions bore with her wilfulness, and her blunt, frank speeches, and her petulant paradoxes. Sometimes, it is true, a cloud came over Wolfenberg's thoughtful and rather tired-looking face ; it was as if he would have said, ' Amelie, have a little moderation be fore strangers.' But ever and always he skilfully ? The well-known initials appended above sufficientlv reveal to whom my most grateful thanks are due for this rendering of the Homeric invocation. interposed, apologising for her, defending her, explaining that after all there was something in what she maintained. His devotion to her, his gentle government of her, his pride in her even when she was most audacious, were all beautiful to witness. So that we congratulated ourselves on this our setting out. There was one table at least in the big saloon that promised to be anything but dull. We lost, sight of them after luncheon, for each and all or us went our several ways to arrange cabins, and open trunks, and make preparations for the long seven weeks' voyage. When we saw them again on deck the day was dying out in crimson flame, with Dover Ca6tle looming large, and high, and dark against the west ; while along the south-eastern horizon lay one massive cloud, vast, portentous, suffused with a sultry light, and dwarfing int-- insignificance the pale golden -white line of the French coast immediately underneath it. Then by -and- bye the tinkle of the steward's bell was heard all over the ship ; and presently we were once more seated opposite our newly -found acquaintances — down here in the saloon, that was now all bravely aglow with the eleetric lamps. She took away the breath from us in about the very first feetad. ' I have got one detestable duty done with this afternoon,' said she, addressing herself mostly to the two ladies opposite her. ' I thought, as we were going to Greece, I ought to read the Iliad ; and I've been struggling with it for days, and, thank goodners, I've finished it at last ! ' 'Yesf' said our Mrs. Threepenny-bit, with kind inquiry. ! ' ;: . - ' ? ' You want^to know what I think of it ?' said this young person, the contour of whose satin-soft cheek and the liquid splendour of whose dark eyes would not have Jed one to anticipate the ruthless iconocla&m; of her mind. 'I think it is abso lute trash. I always suspected that Homer was rubbish, and now I know it. And I'll tell you how 1 suspected it : it was because whenever you found any one writing about Homer and his knowledge of human nature, the one thing that was always drugged in wa6 the parting of Hector and Andromache ; and I formed a kind of notionthat it was the only bit of human nature in th* whole book — the only sample they could show. The Iliad r — it seems to me nothing but the doingjs and sayings of a lot of great, brawling, boasting prizefighters. The only human beings in it are the immortals — and they are a parcel of big babies.' And so she went on ; but one of us seemed to hear no more — seemed rather to be recalling a pic ture that appeared in the Salon some ten or a dozen years ago. The title of it was ' Achilles in voking the aid of Thetis ;' the subject was the grief -laden hero down by the seashore, stretching out his hands, and imploring his goddess -mother beneath the waves to near him. This is the pas sage, according to a recent version : — ' ' So spake he weeping, and his lady mother heard him as 6he sate in the sea -depths beside her aged sire. With speed arose she from the grey sea, like a mist, and sate her before the face of her weeping son, and stroked him with her hand, and spake and called on his name.' Now, that picture was signed ' Ernest Wolfenberg :' and all the artistic circles of Europe were talking of the young American painter who had so boldly carried modern methods, and the dreams of his own high-strung imagina tion, into the region of classic myth. And did this girl — whom he semed absolutely to worship — did she alone forget I' Or did she consider (which is a more charitable view) that his position as a painter was ,so assured, and his choice of subject so un erring and indisputable, that anything she might j say about either art'or literature was not of much I consequence, so fir as their personal relations were concerned r None the less did he now come to their aid : tried to show that there was something to be said for her opinion ; and urged the un avoidable poverty of translations. It was pathetic in its way. One wondered if it were possible that she had never even heard of ' ' Achilles invoking the aid of Thetis.' That night we went placidly down channel, trying at times to identify the distant streaks of dull yellow fire with one or other of the Sussex watering- places. It was a moonlight night, calm and still ; a broad band of silver quivered on the smoothly-undulating sea ; the throbbing of the engines became a pleasant, monotonous, drowsy murmur in the silence. At intervals, it is true, we had music on deck ; but some of us may have preferred the spaces of quiet ; at nil events, Peggy i — that is to siy, Latfy Cameron of Inverfask — and ? her two friends had sought out for themselves a secluded corner aft of the wheel-box ; and there whosoever chose could discpurse of their shipmates freely. It was of the painter Wolfenberg and of Amelie Dumaresq that one had now to hear. ' Why,' said Peggy, after some random obser vations, ' she cannot be more than four or five and twenty ; and he is getting quite grey.!'- ? 'These,' responded Mrs. Threepenny -bit, with decision, 'are the matches that turnout best — if it is lasting kindness and care that the girl wants.' ' She does not seem as devoted to him as he is de voted to her,' Peggy went on, in the absent way that is induced whenone has a great wastcof moonlit water to rest one's eyes on. ' But, of course, she could not show it, especially before strangers. She calls him Ernest, however, and he calls her Amclie, so that it is no ordinary friendship. I wonder, now, if she will marry him for his repu tation, hits position ? Mind you, t-hc has a pretty fair notion of her own importance ; don't you think so? She has her own individuality/ I doubt whether she would easily take a subordi nate place. . . . What exquisite hands she has !' ' And she is aware of it,' answered the other, calmly. ' And a very pretty smile — very winning, I think. And a merry laugh, too'. Why, she laughs with the laugh of a child !' 'And yet she is an absolute virago in her opinions !' exclaimed the smaller woman, with a touch of amazement. ' She is a regular down with-evervthingist, wherever tradition, or custom,, or conventionality is concerned.' ' At all events,' Peggy put in, ' she respects ?? custom quite sufficiently in her costume. Both she and her mother are perfectly dressed.' ' Peggy, my dear child, anarchical women are never anarchical in their dress — unless through lack of means. And Miss Dumaresq and her mother have just come over from Paris. Didn't you hear 'r She has been studying in the Atelier Didron, so Mr. Wolfenberg say6.' ' The girl, you mean ?' ' Yes ; and she has brought a lot of unfinished work with her. Perhaps, when we become better friends, she may let us have a peep. I confess I am curious— for more than one reason.' And so they talked, and further talked, and speculated, over a subject that seemed to have some mysterious attraction for them, until it was time for us to say good-night and go away to our respective cabins, with one final glance round at the magic world of dark blue-grey and silver shimmering sea. Nextmorning we had alookin at Plymouth ; and. just before starting again, Peggy happened to be leaninjr idly with her arms on the rail, gazing across the green waters of the harbour towards the fair shining town and its heights and fortifications, wheu our miniature Adiniral-in- Chief came up, her air and manner betokening1 serious matters. 'Peg-gr,' said she, '? in a few minutes we shall be off for Morocco.' ' J hope we shan't be bound there,' says the young lady, under her breath, to her other companion. ' You are bound there ' is the natural reply. ? ' What are j'ou two whisper ing about ? But I wish to say something to you, and you must pay attention, you American girl,' that small mite goes on undaunted. ' I wish to say thi6. We are now leaving Eng land on a long voyage. You must not pretend to forget Jthat your husband distinctly placed you under my charge when he went to India, and g-ave me authority over you. And it is my duty to see that you behave yourself, and show yourself worthy of the name you bear and of the country you have adopted. And, mind you, I know what a grass-widow is. I know why she is called a grass widow. It is because she is a creature that goes about gob bling up all green things — es- pecially young men. Now there is to be nothing of the kind on this ship. I will not have it. I am responsible for you. And look at the risk I run. Listen to this notice.' She opened a paper she held in her hand, and proceeded : — ' 'Any passenger who maj- take on board any article of explosive, inflammable, dangerous, or damaging nature is liable to prosecution and to the penalties imposed by statute, and also for all damages result ing from the shipment of such articles.' Clearly that clause refers to you ; and yet here are we l-endering ourselves liable unless you will pledge yourself to good behaviour.' ''Aren't you going to say something for me? ' murmurs Peggy, aside. i( I always Btick up for you when I get a chance.' To which this is the answer : ' I have already and fre quently pointed out to you that there are only two absolutely perfect human beings in the world. Now, perfection pro vokes envy. Aud envy is the mother of suspicion and malice. But when these two beings, mutually rejoicing in the con sciousness of their exalted inno cence, and 6trong in the bonds of an understanding and a sym pathy that time, and fate, and traitorous tongues seem unable to destroy ? !! ' And particularly in this case, ' says Peggy, with a deeply-injured air, ' when my sister Emily is going to join us at Palermo ! Oh, much fun I shall have after Emily has come on board ! You have never seen my sister ; you don't know. I tell you we shall all have to live up to very solemn and lofty ideals wheu she comes along. You needn't be afraid, Missis. There won't be anv skvlarkinff. either with young men or old. Why, I used to be mortally afraid of her when phe came home from school. I knew I was a frivolous person ; but I did what I could to earn her approval — at least, by concealing things — a little hypocrisy — oh, Emilj believes in me ? ' ' Very well, then.' says Mrs. Threepenny-bit, apparently only half convinced by these protesta tions. ' We shall see. I will keep my eye on you, my super-innocent young friend. I've seen grass-widows before, and their ways, especially on moonlight nights in the Mediterranean ? ' But here the Microscopic Calumniator had to cease, for the men were about to haul up the ac commodation-ladder, aud she found it necessary to move further aft. This was a Sunday : so that our amusements and occupations were of a subdued and sober character. It was not until the following day, when we were well into the Bay of Biscay, that we all of us seemed to settle down into the ordinary s«*ing of life on board ship. And it must be said that the dreaded bay treated our appveheesive women-folk in the civillest fashion. All day long there were only these familiar features : a cloudless sky, a horizon of milky white, a circle of lapping, dark-blue water, with a blinding, bewildering shiver of diamonds towards the sun. In the afternoon, amid the other games going forward, cricket was proposed ; and when the netting had been fixed up all round, aud sides chosen, there speedily came together a little crowd (Continued on page 06 .) '? Isn't it very monstrous and abominable,' s-rid Mrs. Threepenny-bit, ?' that these people should destroy such a beautiful night with their scainperiugs ': ' — Chaptee I. ' ' ' of fair spectators, who, perched high on one of the after skylights, and forming a gallery, as it were, could award applause or laughter as the case demanded. You may be sure that Peggy was in chat group, a conspicuous figure. And. one marked and beautiful thing was this : under the widespread awning she was, of course, in shadow ; so that all the light that shone on her features was reflected upward from the flashing and glancing sea, and that made a sort of glory of her face. When one looked at hor — at the braided golden-brown hair, the wholesome, countrified complexion, the shining eyes, the smiling mouth, the bland and yet quick interest of her expression — what did one care about this mad game except to see whether she laughed or clapped her hands in approval ? These poor flannelled wretches toiling in the hot afternoon sun — with their ' ' Played, sir!' 'Well caught!' 'How's that'r'— they were doing their best, no doubt ; and the scrim mage had its varying fortunes ; but here, over looking all. was this radiant creature, complaisant, serene, beatific, the Queen of the Tournament. And already she seemed to have made friends with everybody round about her. After dinner that night an impromptu dance was got up, when thedeck-chairf? had been cleared away. It was somehow a strange kind of spectacle ; and yet picturesque in its bizarre fashion : the dull glow of the lamps around the red-jacketed bandsmen — the electric globes further aft revealing the awning overhead — the swift-revolving figures, the young women in light Bilks and cashmeres, here and there an officer in uniform — and then beyond all that the great world of waves, blue-black, smooth-heaving, with the broad pathway of the mpon trembling in vivid silver. This also was curious : in an ordi nary ballroom, .when there is a pause in the. music — a dotted note, for example, in a waltz— that momentary space of quiet is filled with the rustle of silk and muslin and slippers ; but here, in these slight intervals, one caught another sound — the continuous swish of the water along the side of tbp ship. Wolfenberg ?- was (standing with us, looking on in his usual preoccupied, contemplative fashion.. - ? '. ' Bfn't it very monstrous and abominable, '_, said Mrs. Threepenny-bit to him, ' that those: people should destroy such a beautiful night with their scamperinga? But, after all, there ' were wild revels in 'a wood near Athens.' And it is rather pretty,.don't you think so ?— the differ ent lights — the figures — the sea; what do you say, Mr. Wolfenberg, could an Impressionist make something out of it ? ' ' Oh, there is a subject in i±,' he answered her, ' for any one audacious enough. I could not manage it. But Miss Dumaresq might.' She was startled, and no wonder, to hear this master of .bis art talk so about a girl who had just been a pupil in the Atelier Didron. But he pro ceeded — for whenever he spoke of Amelie Durua resq he seemed to rouse himself from his reveries : ' ' You must sec her work. You will be surprised, I think. She has the courage of a man, and the -strength of a man. It is the truth she aims at, the truth without compromise. You cannot un derstand her until you have seen her work. You have met her only in frivolous moments — and no doubt Bhe likes to be petted.' At this moment the music ceased, and the dance came to an end. 'Miss Dumaresq is in the saloon at present, writing letters,' said he, with a sudden inspira tion. ' Suppose, we go down now, and I will ask her to bring you some of her things S'' Well, we were nothing loth ; for by-and-bye the music would be resumed ; and there seemed something a little too incongruous between the ailenc-CB 6i the great deep all around us and these strains of cornet and violin and violonoello. Be sides, one naturally wished to see studies that had won commendation from so high an authority. So the four of us went along and passed down the compamoriway': ' Miss Duniaresq we found at one of the tables, while her mother was seated at -no great distance, reading. Amelie,' said he, very gently, ' may I disturb you:' . ' I am delighted,' said she ; and at once she shut her writing-desk. 'Will you do me a favour r' he asked — and the soft black eyes answered him with a glance of obvious pleasure. *'I have been talking about your work, and I want to justify myself. I want you to go and bring some of your drawings to , show to-our friends here.' But at this she drew back, in affected alarm. ' Oh t no, no, no ! ' she exclaimed. ' No, I ; cannot, Ernest— some other time, perhaps — in daylight.' ' I mean only the black and white,' he pleaded. 'Oh.no,' said she. ' No— I could not — you have taken me by surprise — I am frightened.' ' Come, be yourself, Amelie !' he said, with a touch of reproach in hiB tone, for clearly her dis may was.in a large measure simulated. But she would not yield. She ultimately main tained that she was terrified out of her wits : 6he wanted time to prepare herself for such an ordeal : perhaps next day she would have ? mustered up courage. And of course Mrs. Threepenny-bit— not minding whether this excessive shyness were genuine or not — took the girl's part, and declared that she must be left free to choose her own time, and apologised for the suggestion having been made. But Amelie Dumare6q's eyes were fixed on Wolfenberg. ' Ali, J see I have offended you, Ernest,' she said.i/ ~~i f Oh, yes, yes, I can see — you need not protest. What can I do? I know.' She went quickly to the piano, sat down, and let her fingers run through a little prelude. -She turned and looked at him, and smiled. Then she began to sing — well, it could hardly be called singing, for she had next to nothing of a voice ; but she had a pretty and coquettish grace of ex pression. The air was unknown to us ; the words, as we afterwards learned, were a translation from the Spanish. Cupid, droi;, oh drop that dart ! Do not aim it at my heart ; For Fm but a little maid, And of you Fat so afraid ! ? _ Yes, it was pretty and fascinating enough, if it was no great vocal triumph ; and at least we could hear distinctly what Bhe had to 6ay. So she went on — I've heard how your pranks of yore Kept Olympus in uproar : And how ail the goddesses Yielded to your sweet decrees ; Since eelestialfi thus you sway. Is it anj- wonder, pray, That of you Fm so afraid, I, a little mortal moid .' I'm too young, of that I'm sure, And too simple to endure Your enchantments and your errors, Your deceptions and your terrors, Your toft languishing desires, Your consuming1 passion fires. Out of reach and nip-lit of man I will keep me (if I can '. ), For I'm but a little maid. And of love I'm so afraid. She came away from the piano with a laugh. ' Well, Mr. Gloomy Brows, am I forgiven?' 'Amelie,' said be, quite goodnaturedly, 'how.. long are you going to remain a child 'i You forget that you are a great artist.' {To be continued.) 