MY UNGLE'S GHOST. BY FRANCIS FOOTE. One rainy ever.ing last week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One of my uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more than a boy himself in feelings, although be had passed bis fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," as we called him—I believe that was his title during tbp war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping band when we were in a college scrape; r. i one who woald loan money so readily whan an allowance fell short; there was no one with -v.«-.b a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then bis winea and cigars were unimpeachable. On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the tire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rin^s of smoke from his pipe. " How are you, Tornhe said, lazily; "you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has bpen such a nasty si.-rt of a uay, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost" " Your ghost ?" I echoed. " Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. D-> you mean that I have never told you the story ?"' I say " No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which ho enjoyed above all others was a good story told by himielf; and they were always good. " Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. " I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best cigars on the top •belt." At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The train3 didn't go right through as they do now. and stopped oftener- It might have been five o'clock in the evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. " The sea's were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said ' Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. " You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, and a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves Lad been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most entertaining of which I offered her, and when she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest X have heard—low soft and musical. " By Jove 1" said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, " I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; she couldn't have helped it with that voice. " Well," he continued, " she took up it book, but she didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were unhappy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. " ' I am sorry,' he said; ' you should have telegraphed. We are very full, aud there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section?' " ' I would,' she replied ;' although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot accommodate me ?' "' I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,' and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as he saw the troubled expreision in the girl's face. " Then I spoke,— " 1 I have a whole section to myself,' I said, ' and I always prefer the upper berth ; so if you will take the lov I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for I had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that k,jnd. " I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, aud thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cbeefcs. Yes, she waa very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was r. tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. "I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. ' I've got to do it,' I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe *he knew that ehe spoke •loud, so occupied waa she with her own thoughts. " In a few moments she spoke again, etill talking to herself,— " They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I would never—' " I lost the next two words, but they sounded like ' disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. 1 turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a -picture. As near as I could make out it was tbe likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling lips. " She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passiouatelv, then she kissed it fervently under cover of her handkerchief. " After that, she covered it with both bands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. " s Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel 1' I thought; and yet it didn"; seen like that. It was to* serious ; like a parting forever. " In a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. " • Will you please open the window ?* •he asked. 'I have something to throwaway.' " I did as she wished, and she scattered tbe fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. "' Now that is over the ri|it will be comparatively easy,' she said thfis time to me. " 4 What will be easy,' I ventured. "' Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to & stranger,' she replied. ' I suppose I mean life will be ep.sier while we live, and death when wed•'•:-.' "' Life M always be easy for one as youDg ; ... I said, gallantly. " She tsiracii her beautiful eyes toward me again, aud her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she 8aid, slowly,— " ' Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the 'has been' 'too sweet to last; but now— well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.' And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak tn monosyllables. " At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which mignt be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, an t I shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. 4i There vr.is a little,scrag™ly, pale November tr. j•'?-), which gave me a chill as I looked at it. a;ii made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled gigh once or twice from the berth below. even scorned to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. 4.11 my seaects were abnormally I active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a band-to-hand fight to see which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. " I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I bad made up my mind that I would have a little talk with tbe young lady before I left the car. In tt? morning when I arose I went to tbe front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passengers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl bad cot yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was very near my stopping-place—I could not go without saying good-by. Tbe porter passed through. [ called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been beard from. She might be sick. " He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart—ah 1 there was no action there. She was dead! " By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. " I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached mv station." The major smoked violently for a few moments. "Bat where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. " The ghoat I" he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before ; " she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice aa plainly today, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. " I am never onduty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then ehe vanishes, and I know it was—you will say an illusion, a fancy—I call it ber ghost. " How many times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged tuat poor girl for the wrong he bad done. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way be had driven her to her death. Perhaps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but cnce ; she was not even a name to me : of herself, her character, I know nothing, and IjtOi called a man of the world. " And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion," I am happier on a dark, stormy night like tbis, in the prospect of coming home to be w"-.th her— spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to fling soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive me, i'om ; I seldom speak of mv own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you cai faintly tuderstand how much reality there can be ven in a ghost." The major bad gained complete Control of limself once more, and was nodding goodhumoredly over his pipe as if romance, •vomen and he had always been, aa they always would be, strangers. 