Melbourne Sporting» i' Flemington Training Notes. MELBOURNE, Tuesday.-The crowd of specta- tors on tho training ground this morning Bhowod that the interest in tho forthcoming V.R.Ö.. Autumn Moeting has not abated! ono }'ot. Swordbearer deployed on the sand track, taving All There for a companion. The pair' strode strongly over BÍX furlongs, which was covered in lmin 22sec, the latter being in front. , Oxide was given a rousing good gallop over a mile and a half on the tan, which ho negotiated in 2min 50Jseo. The gamo little son of Sardonyx is won- derfully well. ; Freedom and Wandsworth^ were coupled fora mile and a.half on tho tan, which tho foi-mer .ooverecL comfortably in 2min 52¿seo, -tho ëx QaeenJÛander not being.in it at the finish. Florrie did not " give Whimbrel . the ghost of a show ,. in a six'furlongs burst on. the tan, left behind in lmih 19£seo. Foulsham was in evidence with Gnàroo, Happy Jack, Meli, and Wild^ßose. The first-named and the last went sfeadily,.but the other'two wore only ..treated... to .walking exercise. Atta- ins and Mascara. , skipped smartly over six , furlongs ...on the sand, the last Ave furlongs hoing left behind in lmin GJseo. The for- mer will be worth watohing in some of tho nursery handicaps. Shamrock bowled along over a mile and a quarter on the sand, the concluding six furlongs being traversed in a very workmanlike manner in ,1min 21seo. Corsican put in a fast mile on the tan. Reprisal and The Workman did a really good gallop on the sand over the Nowmarket Handi- cap distance, the watch showing lmin 20aec as the time. The former had all the say at tho finish. High- born traversed a strong two miles '. on the tan, and Pastmaster had a bit too much foot for Penance in a six furlongs dash on the tan, which was run in lmin21sec. The record of tho morning was made by Paris who, with Parker in the saddle, slipped over six furlongs on the sand in tho easiest possible manner in lmin 18Jsec. . I expect before the eventful day to see the little son of Grandmaster run the distance in lmin 17seo, -whian., it will be remembered, was the time Bungebäh made in his trial last year before he can- tered home an easy winner of the Newmarket Handi- cap. Autonomy started off a couple of lengths in front of Camoola and Stromboli for an extender over six fur- longs on the sand. This was a good trial, and resulted in Camoola's head just being in advance of Stromboli's, the time being lmin 19£seo. Albemarle and Bengal went a strong mile on the tan. Tho latter should pick up a handicap at the meeting. Cremorne, with a good hold on his " block," ran six furlongs in 1 min 19Jsec. This gelding is wonderfully well,' and may create a surprisie'ori Saturday.-? A humber of others exercised. MELBOURNE, Wednesday.-Decapó has gone", into W;. Gray's stable at. Ascot .Vale. - John Hall has ar- rived from Adelaide with the Richmond-Gratitude colt Broken . Hill. A number of horses werïT ph the tracks this morning, ,but steady: pacing was done j with few.., exceptions. Wild .Rose slipped- over a, couple., of jnrlongs ,by herself. The daughter of Primrose, Hfcvjp'er, had too much way on, and the first six furlongs she traversed on the Band in lmin 19fsec, and the last five lmin 5fcseo. Gnaroq did a mile and a half on the outer circle, go- ing . well ; and. Meli,-. Swordbearer, and Sinecure cantered. Whakawai seemed a bit lame, pulling up after a long canter on the tan. Highborn, Penance, Killaloe, Pastmaster, Attalus, Mascara, Bivula, Patrol, Utter, Forty Winks, Grandlike, Town Talk, Greenwich, Lady .Roseberry, Stoneberry, Tempter, Helter Skelter, Portsea, Egbert, Impetus, St. Blaize (in Bweaters)V Camoola,-Autonomy; Donation, Ulrio, Arquebus, Oxido, Sulphide, Florrie^ Freedom,Freeman, Reprisal and The Workman did useful y> irk. Bungebah with Gainsford up strode along over hikf a mile on the sand in a tick inside 52sec, and fmish» 5 furlongs, pulling up in lmin 5sec. . The son of mvelino looks and moves with freedom.- The geldinc^nad bar shoes on this morning. Avondale with body Bweatersoh, ran three times round-the tan at a useful pace and pulled un sound. Satyr and Siberian were given a couple 6£ turns over the- . sohooling hurdles, both acquitting themselves more than creditably. Silver Knight, Bengal, and Stromboli ran five fur- longs on the sand. The latter, on the extreme outside, encompassed the distance very easily in lmin 5Íseo, Huxley having a good- Jiold of his head throughout. ' Paris ran threo furlongs of half a mile inside 40sec- ..«? - " This was an off day at Caulfield, and nothing was done in training* »."? - 