CHAPTER XVIII. Ned Mitchell's Pets. Before the first day of his return to Rishton was over, Ned Mitchell had to submit to the threatened interrogatory of the vicar. Ned had strolled into the churchyard, and was examining with a rather cynical expression a beautiful marble monument, one of the chief ornaments of the enclosure, on whioh were set forth at great length in gilt letters the many virtues of his late brother : " Samuel Robert Mitchell, of Rishton Hall Farm, who departed this life, February the eighteenth, eighteen hundred and-, aged thirty-nine. He was a kind husband, a devoted father, a loyal citizen, a faithful member of the church,' &c.; And below was a similar epitaph for " Lydia Elizabeth, relict of Samuel Robert Mitchell." At the foot of this was a text, cut in larger letters than the rest : " In death they were not divided." " They were in life, though," murmured Ned, shaking his head slowly. " Never a meal passed but they were at it, hammer and tongs, about something or other. Marble had need be tough, or it would split up into shivers under the weight of lies we put on it." At that moment he became aware that the vicar, who had come over the grass from his house, was standing behind him, looking much amused. "Thinking aloud I" said Mr. Brander. " A bad habit, Mr Mitchell. Imagine what it might lead to if one had any crime on one's conscience." " But parsons are supposed never to com- mit crimes, aren't they ?" " Or never to have any consciences." "No, I won't say that. The only criminal of your cloth that has happened to come in my way has felt many a prick of conscience, I'm ready to wager." The vicar looked at him inquiringly, and did not attempt to hide that he felt some anxiety as to the other's meaning. " Whoever he may be, I hope so, for the credit of my order," said he, gravely. " Yes, vicar, and for the credit of your family," retorted Ned, drily. Mr. Brander did not look surprised, but only deeply grieved. He laid his hand- some white hand on the colonist's shoulder, and addressed him in tones of almost fatherly expostulation and entreaty. " Look here," he said j *' I don't want to preach ; there's nothing 1 dislike more than preaching out of the pulpit. But I must say a few words to you now I have the chance ; and you may be angry with me if you like." "All right, vicar, fire away-I mean, go on," he corrected, respectfully. " Let me tell you, it's not many men of your pro- fession I would listen to (except in church, where you all have a prescriptive right to do your worBt on us). But I've learnt something about you quite recently which makes me think you're different from the rest. So, sir, when you please, I'm all attention." " Well, then," began the vicar in his most persuasive tones, " don't you think it's very uncharitable of you to come over here with the fixed intention of ruining a man? And all for what? What good can it do your unfortunate sister now to have the past raked up, and her sins as well as those of others dragged again into the light ? Now, do you even think, going -to work in the spirit you do, that you are sure to Hght upon the right person to punish ? Isn't it possible that, acting with sucha vindictive feeling as animates you, you may make an innocent man suffer, for lack of finding the guilty one ?" " No ; to be plain with you, vicar, I don't think anything of the kind. As for the feeling which animates me, I think I ought to understand that better than any- body ; and I'll let you know what it is. I'm not a generous man, parson ; years ago I might have been, perhaps, at least as'far as my favorite sister was concerned. But I've roughed it a good bit in the world since then, and all the pretty bloom has been rubbed off my charaoter, d'ye^see? But I'm a just man ; and I don't see why, if a man and woman Bin, the woman should get all the kicks and the man all the half- pence. That's a vulgar way of putting it, but you'll know what I mean. My poor sister goes wrong. I don't say she is worth much sympathy ; and my private feeling has-nothing to do with it ; but she had her punishment. She was ruined, and then brutally murdered. Yes, don't tell me any humbugging stories about her going away of her own accord ; I know better. Whatever happened, poor Nell was not the girl to slink off like that, and never be heard of again. She'd have come over to me, if she'd had to work her own pas- sage in men's clothes, as they say the lassies do sometimes. Well, that's the woman's end ; now for the man. He gets the woman's love, for what it's worth. I don't put much value on such things my- self ; but anyhow, he gets it. Then when he's tired of it and of her, and the girl grows importunate and her love inconvenient, he quietly puts her out of the way, and no questions asked-" " Oh, but there were questions asked, and very inconvenient ones, too," interrupted the vicar, gently. Then he bit his lips, as if he had not meant to say so muoh. " Aha, vic , it looks very much aa if you had a notion who it is I'm driving at?" " I don't pretend to deny that you mean my unlucky brother," said the vicar, gravely. " To admit that is really to admit nothing, as everybody knows he was suspected, just as they know too that I my- self never believed he did it." " You judge him by yourself, I expect. You, being of calm and well-regulated temperament, can't understand how a member of your family can be so different from yourself." " There you are mistaken, Mitchell, as others have been mistaken before you. People think I am calm because I am fat. As a matter of fact, I have been so worried over these suspicions of my brother that my wife has caught me pacing up and down the room in my sleep, too much disturbed on his account to be able to rest." " It does you great credit to be BO fond of him ; I don't blame you in the least for it. You do your duty as a brother, and I'll do mine." <( And I believe you'll soon cometo the conclusion that it is your duty as a brother to let the unhappy girl and her history be forgotten as soon as possible."! " My duty as a brother is to leave your brother alone, in fact I" " Haven't I told you I believe him to be as innocent of this business as I am my- self? But these suspicions, which he can't ignore-for you take no pains to hide them-are demoralising in the extreme. They make him silent, sullen,mistrustful ; in fact they breed in him all the appear- ances of guilt." " Ay, that they do." " Supposing that he had committed the crime, don't you believe in atonement? After 10 years of self-denial and hard work and sacrifice, might not a man reasonably suppose that his sin was, humanly speaking, washed out, and that he might indulge the hope of some human happiness with a woman who loved him ?" Ned Mitchell turned at this, from con- templation of the highly ornamental, cas- tellated tower of the little church, to curious consideration of his companion's face. " Oh," he said, very drily, " I didn't know you were encouraging him to marry." A deep flush overspread the vicar's faoe at this speech. Even his striking amia- bility was not quite proof against the quiet sneer. No annoyance, however, appeared in his tone as he said " Certainly I should not think of en- couraging him to marry while these cruel rumors continue to be spread about him. It would be only misery for both of them. But if once the evil reports were silenced and forgotten, I should urge him to find happiness in what I have myself found to be the surest and best place to look for it domestic pleasures." Ned appeared to consider this proposition thoughtfully for some moments. Then .he said- _,«, * " It's curious that you should be the first of your family that I ever heard to be of your way of thinking, parson, isn't it?'' Again Mr. Brander reddened. It was an annoying thing for a popular spiritual autocrat to be questioned in this inquisi- torial way by a man in no way qualified to be a judge of him or his family. But his patience was equal even to thin trial« He said, very mildly " Yea, I am afraid-that is, I believe that is so." " Well, then, I think it's too much to ex- pect to find another in the same genera- tion." There was a pause ; the vioar looking mildly grieved, Ned munching a bit of stick with much relish, while he regarded his companion out of the corners of hit eyes. Evening was closing in rapidly. A thin mist was gathering under the trees on the top of the hill, enshrouding the tomb- stones and softening the outlines of the little white stone church and of the pretty ivy-grown Vicarage. Not a sound was to be heard in the near neigh- borhood ; and the noises of the village children's voices, lowing of cattle, and the carter's cry to his horses-came up faint and subdued from below. Suddenly this peaceful stillness was broken by a long and dismal howl, which startled the vicar and caused Ned Mitchell to turn his head attentively in the direc- tion of his cottage. A minute later it was repeated, and before a word had been ex- changed between the two men on the sub- ject of this strange interruption, a yelping and barking began, and mingled with the howls, which still continued until the air seemed to vibrate with the discordant sounds. " You've brought back a dog with you, I perceive," said the vicar. " H'm, yes. I've brought two. Fond of dogs, vicar ?" " Very. Are you going to offer me one of yours ?" " I don't think so. They're not exactly the sort Mrs. B. would fancy poking about her pretty garden. They've got queer ways, my dogs." " You've had them some time ?" " Ten hours. But they were being pre- pared for me beforehand. In fact, they have been some time in training." " Sporting dogs, eh ?" " Yes, and trained for a particular sort of game." Ned Mitchell was rubbing, his chin slowly and listening to the harsh duet with much satisfaction. There was a quiet significance in his words and manner which kept alive the curiosity of the vicar. "I should like to see these dogs Mr. Mitchell," said he. " Well, sir," said Ned, with great hearti- ness, " choose your own time." " Suppose, then, wo say now ?" " Now it is then." Ned removed his arm from the tomb- stone against which he had been leaning, and led the way out of the churchyard with* alacrity. " This place gives me the horrors towards night time," he explained as, with un- wonted civility, he opened the gate for the vicar to pass out first. " Why>, surely a man of your sound prac- tical sense doesn't believe in the ghosts and goblins that keep the ignorant out of churchyards at night ?" " No ; but such things can be done in lonely graveyards under cover of the popular horror. You agree with me there, vicar, don't you ?" This pig-headed colonist would harp al- ways upon the same string. As plainly as if he had mentioned the name, his tone intimated St. Cuthbert's churchyard and the murder of a girl there by Vernon Brander. But the vicar was learning how to " take " him, and he assented at once. They crossed the little village green, under trees whose bare branches began now to show small tufts of delicate young leaves. There was a strip of garden in front of the cottage ; it had little space for flowers, but was well filled with Bhrubs and ever- greens, which grew close up to the lower windows, and almost shut out all light from the tiny sitting-room on the left-hand side of the door. Ned Mitchell, leaving the path, forced his way through the ever greens, and, holding the branches apart with his hands, beckoned his companion to the window, before which the vicar per- ceived a couple of strong iron bars had been put up. « Why," said he, as he picked his way daintily over the moist mould, " it is a menagerie of wild beasts you have in there?" " Something very like it," answered Ned, as a oouple of brute faces, with hanging jaws and bloodshed eyes, dashed up against the window, licking the dusty frames with long red tongues and jostling each other with hungry eagerness. " Whoa 1" cried Ned, as he pushed up the window, and stretohing a fearless hand through the bais stroked and patted their sleek heads with an assured strength and coolness which told them he was their master. " I must have the glass taken out of these panes-what there's left of it-or my pets will be hurt- ing themselves." " Your pets I" said the vicar, as he peered into tve room, felt their hot breath on his face, and listened to their hungry growl- ing. "Well, Mitchell, you have an odd taste in your ohoice of domestic favorites. If my inclination lay in the direction of a couple of fierce hounds like that, I think I should consider that old kennel in the back garden a near enough abode for them." " What, for friends that I count upon to do me a great service !" exclaimed Ned, grimly. " Oh, no ! my hounds are already, more to me than his pig is to an Irishman. No place that's not good enough for me is good enough for them. Besides, if they were put into the kennel they would be al- most olose under some of your windows, and would disturb you and your good lady at night. They make more than a lap dog's yapping when they are uncomfort- able, I can tell you," he added, turning with admiration to his hounds, who were snapping savagely at each other and sniffing the air with dilated nostrils. " They seem to be hungry," said the vioar, who, if he did not share their master's admiration, was much interested in the brutes. " Well, whioh of us wouldn't be, if he'd had.nothing to eat all day? It's a part of their education, that," he went on, aa he drew back from the window and took up an iron spade which stood inside the little porch. " Now I'm going to show you how accomplished they are, if you care to see. If I bury an old bone with next to no flesh on it in any part of this garden, they'll hunt, it up. That is, they will if they answer to the warranty I had with them. That's the accomplishment I bought them for." , " Dear me, very ourious 1" murmured the vicar with great interest. " And this is your first trial of them?" " Yes. I only brought them back with me in the small hours this morning, and they've been without food ever since." " And are you sure of getting them out of that room without their making a meal of you ?" " " I must chance that. I didn't buy them for lapdogs, and I think I can man- , age them. Anyhow, I intend to try. I suppose, vicar, you've no mind to help me," he added rather maliciously, as he turned to go into the cottage. " It isn't work for gentlemen of your cloth, I know, I don't suppose anything fiercer than a toy terrier is allowed by the Thirty-nine Articles." " There's no mention of bloodhounds in them, certainly ; but I'm willing to help you all the same, if I can," said the vicar, mildly, preparing to foUow his host into the cot rage. Ned Mitchell looked surprised. ' Then he glanced rather contemptuously from the plump hands and neat white cuffs to the handsome, placid pink face, and said drily " I'm afraid they'll make rather a mess of your linen, parson, if they don't of you." " I must chance that, as you say your- self," said the vicar, calmly. Ned nodded, and saying he wou'.d be back in a moment, h-> disappeard through the porch with a grim chuckle. When he returned, a few minutes later, holding in his rough fingers a handful of mouldy bon 28, the vicar was leaning against the porch, thoughtfully turning up his cuffs and his coat sleeves with the- most scrupulous neatness. " Not a very tempting feast that, one would have thought." " Well, if they want anything more tempting than that to make them hunt with a will I've been deceived in them, thaf s all, and back they go to the maa I bought them from." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 