A LAMENT AND A CALL. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIR,—The hour hand of earth's clock is moving fast to twelve (midnight). 25th Matt., I. : therefore watchers should proclaim earth's hour. Among the pharisaical school many deluded teachers were then as now. Saul of Tarsus was one of them. He was very active and energetic in purifying the Churches as he imagined ; but it took high heaven's thunder bolts to reverse his school of thought. (Acts 26.) Another of that school Nathaniel, a man in whom was no guile—so stated the great teacher of the human race, John 1., 47, and numerous others of that sect—but they all had to be converted from their erroneous doctrines. Other's who would continue their false teaching a pall had to be thrown over them. And as then, so now, for the old prophet Ezekiel particularly specifies their last judgments so as by fire. Beaders of England's Protestant Church, study this verse under her symbol, the second Tarshesh, Eze., 18-20. To be as brief as possible, the writer does not wish to take up too much room, and feels very thankful to be allowed space, even if foot-notes have to be applied, and it is not to be supposed that editors as well as outsiders will always view opinions consonant with the writer's. But in this case the writer's affection surrounds many of your subscribers in England's Church who love peace better than war. Besides it affects their temporal state, and that, in this age of materialism, is to be considered. But when this Protestant Church at her second birth, the glorious Reformation, threw off centuries of apostacy, superstition, and degradation, and then swelled the mighty army of martyrs, it seems to the writer very grievous that so many of their descendants view without alarm this sleepy state of existence and sympathise and give the right hand of fellowship to those who are provoking God's indignation. Will they learn no experience from the fall of their elder sister's church, unto whom the glorious privileges and covenants of that Great Fane was taken from them, and by substitu- tion during the Dispensation of Grace given to the Anglo-Saxon. This sympathy with England's Church—calling themselves (or rather that portion) Anglo-Catholicism— affects other denominations as well as the Protestant portion. If they get the ascen- dancy, persecutions as of other days will resound. Shut up your conventicles. His- tory ever repeats itself—when as now they cry peace and safety, then sudden destruc- tion. 1 Thes. 5, 3. Protestants of the Reformed Church of England should never tire using their en- deavours to get the Book of Common Prayer revised and all sacerdotalism cast out, especially in their ordination services, giving Priests [a misnomer] and Bishops the idea that tbey can by laying on of hands convey the Holy Ghost. Almighty God alone has that power. See the service for the Consecra- tion of Bishops—"Receive the Holy Ghost by the imposition of hands." Rome's theology never obliterated by the Reformers herein. Tbey left holes for the rooks to creep in. Then again, in the visitation of the sick, the absolving from all sins by the officiating minister. What a delusion to a sick, dying creature, that by his wearing Aaron's faded garments he has the power to send a poor creature into the presence of our Great High Priest, who will not allow such blasphemy, for He is a jealous God ; and wrath in time comes from these acts. Surely there must be many Protestants and loyal people in the Synod who must be grieved at the Church of England's desolation which a foreign sect have entered, and doing their utmost to destroy. Why then do they not stand shoulder by shoulder and never rest day or night till they proclaim with stentorian voices, " We will revise our prayer book and cast out all sacerdotalistic teachers." May these few lines, written in much sorrow, and by a feeble hand, but a firm believer in the dogmatic teaching of the Bible, attract the eye of some of the men in Synod who possess the glory of God more than of men. SARAH ROSS BLICK. 