THE S TORT-TELLER,, THE PHANTOM THAIN. Mountain engineers are perhaps the most 'fearless -class-of men'm the world: Jonrneys of so perilous a nature that the blood Af aa.ordiuary manjfk'ouhi curdled the bare thought of one undertaken are successfully wade by them, and under circumstances of so trying a cliaracjter that on reflection the average mau would marvel at. Those men who ride hundreds of miles through the mountains are seldom frightened, hut today there resides in Denver a man who would uofe pull ia train over Marshall Pass for a cool million, and when the name of that famous place is mentioned be' involuntarily clenches Iiis ¿hands and pales visibly. - _:: ..' i. .. Several years ago there was a story circulated that three times a week a phan- tom train weut steaming over the pass, and tVuat ghostly forms could be seen through the esr windows, and although the statements in'ffégard to it/weju_ghco> herent, engineer/ %egan ¿tó regard a certain portion of the track with suspicion, and usually hugged the rails there ; as close as.p^laitole.- 'iOaé morning á/freight " runner" pulled into Green River and informed the .operator that he had seen tAol tr$ih> and, so earnestly. <|id. he pleïid; with' the master mechanic that he was given an engine on the Salt ^ake division.. Usiner - experiences fwere: related, ¿ad qt became almost a weekly occurrence that some engineer would report having seen'a train of which the despatclfer had ho record and could not account for. In nearly every *SStance:'the .engineer* .who -complained- wore-those-'who pulled' the' uight passenger, which reached Green . River at 7 o'clock in the morning. ,* ; ..Qne eriginaerflyho.had twice seen tftfc much talked of train pulled up out of Salida as white as the snow on the ground, and the following morning (he' /fireinjau brought the engiue into Green River, the brakeman firing, aud the engineer in au insensible condition. He. had seen the phantom train, and that was his last trip on the road. The regular train was then placed in the hands of. au old andj¡ried ongineer, by. tho name of Helson Edwards, who had. as a fireman Charles Whitehead. Both men were cool aud calculating, well educated and generally considered the most fearless men in the employ of the Rio 'Grande-. men who had caught runaway trains ou the mountaiu side without so much as a flush suffusing their cheeks. For nearly rtwo n)iônths"they were oh Jths trajpj. back I and forth every other day,v wittie the alternating crows had: changed " 4so7éral times, tliey had not as yet seen the mys- terious train, the sight- of which had been tlie cause of so many engineers quitting tho division. One evening, just at dark, while the fireman was lighting the lamp, tim engineer, Edwards, exporiouood a strange feeling oreopjug over him, andas ho pulled into the canon the silence seemed dooper thau usual, the night darker and the air cooler. Several times before they roached tho grade the "popping" of the safety valve caused him to star*. But soon thoy (vero wiuding in aud about the labyrinth of small canons and over doop arroyas, and as his trained eye swept tho glitter rag rails ahead he jÇurgut his Uneasiness Engiuoers seldom speak to their ñreineu "-as a nil« they ure too busy ; the constant watching requires that their m iuds should he on thoir work, and tonight Edwards was moro like a sphinx than usual, for it was reported that there was a bridge in ((auger of goiug dowu, and a defective rail iu one of tho canons, and over and auou he slackened the spaod of his train as a matter of safety. Tho engineer passed tinder tho snow- shed, aud the strange roar so paculiar on such occasions followed. While in the shod far away there came the 1-mg, warn- ing whistles of an approaching train. Edwards remarked to his firemau that No. 8 was following too close. Agaiu, when about, five mites farther ou, he recog uisod the 6ame whistle, this time nearer, and at intervals the sigual was heard coming rapidly nearer. "It must be a will trahî," Whitehead grumbled, as the engineer reached for the ropo aud gave two short, sharp whistles only to hear the loug, dangerous answers.. Again iu a snowshed it occurred to him that he had to " saw by " an oast-bound freight at tho next switch, 25 miles j further up the mountain, and as ha left i tile shed the bell sojuuded three times, and he-brought his train to a standstill as quickly as possible. Ho could hear the doleful sound of tho followers, and the piston rods travelled back and forth in tho 'cylinders ""iii the'crisp night airj bul a sound' more ominous than that was the long-drawn whistles of the engine that was so rapidly overhauling him. Tho couductor ran forward at this juncture, and asked : "What did you stop for?" " What did you pull the bcíl-córd'for?" rejoiued Edwards. " ¥ou.'re; crazy," -.jfche ^conductor said., " Now, pull her wide open and light out for the switches, because we'e got to pass No.-10-there; and- besides; thereV»-wild train a-climbing up on us. D'ye hear P" Edwards drew, back tho 4e ver with a strange feeling. Ho opened the throttle,' the wheels slipped ou the steel rails, ?but -as-they caught «the saud, the long,., heavy train begau to move for ward slowly. Both men in the cab could hear thousand grind beneath the enormous weight of the engine. Tba train increased iu momentum as it moved forward, and iu about five minutes was running as fast as practicable pnfhatpatfrof.-the road.. The following train was approaching nearer. Again the short series of warning whistles was heard, which Edwards answered, but only to hear the wild train |givp the danger signal agath. He-looked fcutôf tho window as he was rounding a curve and noticed the other train rapidly, approaching. Cold beads of sweat stood! out -on his forehead as he pulled the throttle wide open. Faster and faster the speed of tho train .increased* áhU^.-tnore dangerous ;was tba track: :They were now in tm -very' worst portion of the pass, where the snow banks Were tim "most treacherous,* and just in this' part^ of 1-*ibei-track Was1 whore the' broken rail was reported. Every time tho engine struck-a curvo it seemed as Jliough it were.; impossible fór. the darnall flanges to hold the engine to the rails. The ..cars were, jrockiug ; violently. ;" Tho passengers were rudely awakened from their slumbers. by the train striking. a snbwdrift... The epeed of tbe train was so great ""that the train broke''the'drift easily and was soon roaring through a snowshed. Howi the fireman laboured. Hissuîrb was-"wet with perspiration, for the hungry furnace consumed the coal so -quickly t iafc the;stack helchedjfire, The passengers having been wanted of _ the impending danger, had dressed them- selves^ The wemenjvere wringing their, hands ni despair^ strong men were tremb- ling, and the thought of every person on the train was of the man whose hand was I cm tho ! throttle of "the eugine" ahead. Would the rear train dash into the coaches and kill all tho passengers P Who was their .engineer? Was'he colnpetentP ?Wasche encoger jin the rear train mid ? ! The curtains Vere all thrown up, ¿"few dariug men clung on the platform aud glanced anxiously back. The conductor started suddenly as ho. caught'a glimpse of the driving ' wheels'Pf tkc^rear train! They wore fully ten inches larger than those on the engine ahead. With hand tightly clenched on the throttle, Edward's eye 'w^dly 6wept the track. He was a good'engineer, for even under that awful strain he had the presence of mind to shut off his steam iu order to save it from run- ning down-the grade without brake pros sure, and never Once while running did he allow power to take tho'place of speed, a fault of most engineers under excitement. At this time the snow hogan to descpnd, aud lu the pocutiav light that sotólos on earth, caused by the snow, Edwards' saw Bomethiog in a backward glance lió ttfö'k i thst made his blood froezo, and almost, caused his heart to cease beating. On the top of ono of the cars of the rear train was a tull whito figuro of a man gesticu- lating wildly, while ho could seo a white form iu the cab. A terrible thought I flashed through his mind-the train, tho peculiar condition-it wai tho phantom train. Without further parley, regardless of tho broken rail, tie dropped the lever another notch, and then as quickly as possible, but cautiously, ho opened the throttle valve. His strained car caught every sound his ougiue made, aud under the iuteuse excitement he once thought he heard the pistons grinding aud the axle pound. It would be impossible to pass a broken rail at the terrific speed tho}' were travailing. He waô leadiug the race by about 200 yards now, and as his train approached a point whero tho track reversed and ran pavrallol, he nerved himself for tho trial. He rounded the curve safely and started, a:id was moving back on tho 6urpeutine curve with the rapidity of lightning. As he passed the other engiuo ho saw two extremely white figures in tho cab. The spectre engineer turned a face to him Uko dough, and laughed. The ghostly fireman reached for the cord, and again aseries of short, sharp whistles sounded. On the train plunged inte the night, roaring through snow sheds and over iron bridges that trembled beneath the .sudden shock, tío fast was the train travelling that the rush of air could be heard by the passengers. Wherever there" was a snow drift the train would break through it like a burri caue. Fast or and faster, for imw they are mounting to the highest point of the pas*, where the air was coldest, steam j was not so plentiful, and soon Edwards' had tho lever in the corner and thc throttlo wide opeu. The greatest speed his engine was capable of had. been ! attained, '?' and Edwards - could but watch the rails in frout of him and keep, .bis hands on the throttle. The phantom"'train WAS igaiping ; he could go no faster, he was helpless. Around the shelves of high mountains and along the ridge of lofty hills, over deep arroyas, through long snowsheds the race continu- ed; tho very landsoape was closing : behind the train like a-cloud; the : moun- tains seemed to recede rapidly, but ail the i while the spectre traiu was gaining ' 'grouudr- The-wiud arose'und sighedpand ' from tho north heavy clouds began to drift southward. Tho pilot strusk a slight snow bask and hurled it a hundred feet high. Á terrifie storm was soon in progress, tile furies of which seemed to concentrate on the fleeing passenger train. On into tho sight the trains swept, epectre and passenger, like bolts of lightniug pursuing one another 'through ; tho sky. ^Edwards sighted a bridge that was reported weaky passed it safely, and having by this time crossed the summit was now on the down grade. Steeper it became, and when one particularly heavy hill was reached, Ed- wards was guilty of running the grade without" applyiqg; the -air brakes. >3oou im^Bightea the Switch.' No. 19 was nht throe, and, with a inaduese boru of excite méni, - he went tearing by like the-wind, Another aerie's of-shorv'-sharp' whistles and an iuBtaut later the engineer saw a ired lantern swinging in the right of way. -He was running down grade, and thought of No. 19 ahead, the mysterious train behind, and-at∈éd mechanic jheitistincf tively applied ' tho aiír. Tita-* wheels stopped revolving, but tho train was still i running; over thb snowy rails. Far ahead he observed light, shadowy, fantastic forms, and as the train drew nearer, he saw, they were repairing the, track. They, we're- spirits, ana* the next miuute flying^ towards the ghosts on the track, passed through the crowd of ten ortwelve, reach ed the -curve* beyond, and -Edwards ven- tured a backward glance. Ho Baw the .phantom (fain run to a broken rail, the engine, ran off on to the tics, and one second later the heavy freight pitched down the embankment, and a moment later vanished- -Written in tho frost of the fireman's window was the following, iu a peculiar hand : """"Tears ago a frato traía wa? recked as yoi Jsaw-iiow jhat yu -sawpit, wo will never make another run. The onjiue ' was not minder caatrol, and four soxshun mou wor killed. If yu ever rim ou this ! road again yu will be recked." Edwards passed No. 19 at the second switch, reached Green River at 6 o'clock the next" morning, a hour-ahead of time, and left the Rio Grande that da3'. The following evening he went to Salt Lake, [ and is considered one of the most trust- worthy men in our employ. The phantom has not been seen since that eventful night.-Weekly Budget. 