Humorous Vwnijtartsona. She glanced at the ring on her finger—r A diamond which, he had placed there-— The stone shone as true As hEr faireyes of bine, And the gold was a match to her hair. She smiled aa she thought Its radiance brought, And whispered in sweet accents low, " Oh, thank yon, dear Fred j . 'Tis lovely!" she said; " Much nicer than Tom gave, yon know." It Was Probably an Oversight—Mrs Porcine has a very pronounced idea of ths proprieties of life. A few days ago, while at the races, Mr. Brown passed them, but his polite bow met with only a frigid stare. " Why, mamma," exclaimed Miss Porcine, "you did not bow to Mr. Brown 1" • My dear," returned Mrs. Porcine, calmly, " we cannot afford to recognize Mr. Brown any more. He has neglected to observe one of the proprieties of life." " Why, what do yon mean, mamma? When he went into mourning I thought he attended to everything." " No dear, he did not." The yonng lady was thoughtfnl a moment, and then asked,— Isn't the black border on his calling cards wide enough T' " Oh, yes, that's all right." "You never saw him without a black bordered handkerchief, did you ?" " No." " Is the band on the hat too narrow ?" " No; that's wide enough." PeAaps," suggested Mr. Porcine, sar castically, " he ought to wear a black border on bis collar, or maybe there is a bine thread in his necktie." Mrs. Porcine did not deign to notice this remark, but said to her daughter, " No; we cannot afford to notice him. The fact is, I saw one of his businosB' 'vri" yesterday, and it was plain white—not even a narrow border of black," " No ?" in surprise. " Indeed it's as I say." "Howhorrible 1" ' Nine Things a Baby can do —It can beat any alarm clock ever invented in wak ing a family up in the morning. In a given time it can smash more dishes than the most industrious servant girl in the country. It can fall down oftener and with leas pro vocation than the most expert Itunltlei inxhe circus ring. It can make more genuine fuss over a simple brass pin than its mother would over a broken back. It can choke itself black in the face with greater ease than the most accomplished wretch that ever was executed. It can keep a family in a constant tur moil from morning till night, and :night: till morning, without once varying its time. It can be relied on to sleep peacefully all day when it's father is in town, and cry per sistently at night when he is particularly sleepy. It may be the naughtiest, dirtiest, ugliest, most fretful baby in all.the whole wonfl,bnt.. yon never can make its mother believe it, and yon had better not try. It can be a charming and model infant when no one is abont, but when visitors are present it can exhibit more bad temper than both of its parents put together. A Wife's Mistake.—A lady recently explored her lord's vest at about 4.30 a.m. Greatly to hex astonishment, it contained a. £5 note, together with a regulation sus pender button and the customary night key. "Aba," sbe said ; "beknowetbnotthathis Test containetb a £5 note, becausewhen be . came home he tried to light his pipe, with a cigar stump. I will take the money arid go - shopping." . She took the fiver and pnt half a sovereign and three shillings, back money that her.lord might not be too sorely perplexed on count ing his capital. And as she started for her things to go down town her husband, who < hiad been slyly watching ber with one eye, chuckled like a fiend as he hurried quickly C intohis clothes and started out afteracock tail. ." Thirteen shillings," he soliloqnized; " thirteen shillings. Why, -I'm in luck, and the country's saved. Severe cases . require severe remedies-, but my wife will be the maddest, woman in town when she finds, she has given me thirteen shillings legal cur rency for a counterfeit £5 note." Making a Settlement. — "Tes, my • friends told me they would settle the diffi culty with Jones forme, but I thought that ! could settle it for myself." " And did yon?" " Mo ; I didn't, though I tried to." - "Then it wasn't settled!" . " Tes, it was." " Then your friends settled it, after alt!" "No, they didn't." «Indeed 1 Then who settled it!" . "Jones did." "Satisfactorily?" " I suppose that it was, so ferns Jones wai concerned." . " Didn't yon gain anything, at all by the - settlement?" " Oh, yes ; I gained some experience.". Why Editors Fall from Grace.—'Gentle reader,you sometimes wonderwhy newspaper men occasionally give way to passion» yoa think it strange that they should riot always be in the angelic mood in which you know them best. But if you were to write, " Her" . dainty feet were encased in satin, slippers that might have served for Titania's fairy : boots," and to find, npon reading the paper, that the compositor and proof-reader had. entered into a horrible conspiracy. and trans muted your delicate rhetoric into, "Her dirty feet were encased in satin slippers that might.:: ■ have served for Titanic ferry-boats," wouldn't:: your amiability bounce and flatter like a! squib ? Zounds 1 the chances ore that you'd" ■/ break all the commandments, as Hoses did, at once, and glare about for more. He's Tired of Camping Out—" No, I don't want any more fishing and camping ont in mine," said a swarthy young man on a Northwestern train. " I have just been trying it, and I have enough to last me a lifetime. My face tans easily, bat I didn't realise how badly it had been baked until I had concluded to give np camping out and go tp the hotels for the rest of the stay. When dinner was ready I went with the rest of the guests, and, the head waiter being pretty busy, I found a seat for myself. Imagine my discomfiture when the head waiter came around a little later and tapped me on the shoulder, saying, loud enough for everybody in the room to hear, " Beg pabdon, sah, but cullud persons not 'lowed to eat at fust table in dis house." Thirteen at Table. — " None of my patrons ever order a dinner or lunch for thirteen," said a well known caterer. " Per haps it is out of respect for the guests as it is very hard to seat a company of thirteen. There is always one who prefers to wait, and nsnally some member of the family retires. At a recent lunch party in one of our best families, a youDg lady insisted npon eating at aside table rather than makeathirteener. She said she knew she would die before the year was out if she sat at the table." " Do educated people believe there is any. thing in this old superstition V' " Perhaps not, but it makes them uncom fortable. I served a dinner last year where thirteen sat at table, and one of the gentle men took down all the names with the date." " Have any of them died 2" " I haven't heard of it. But then the yea; isn't out yet." " Do you really believe that there is & in it yourself?" " H-o o, not exactly, but strange things do happen sometimes. A thirteen plate never turns out weU." Look oat for tbe man who begins Baying he is not a bit superstitions. He is going to* tell a ghost story that would make cold chills rnn np and down the backbone of winter. He Stayed Because He Was Gone.— FrtbeT (at bead of tbe stairs): Emily, isn't that young man gone yet ?" Yyung Spooner (answering): *' Yes, sir; yes, sir, entirely ; quite ■ gone—on your r daughter, sir. Bat I'm ftfrtld it's no e» withbw, ^9ft , 