WESLfeYAN CONFERENCE. On Monday evening, at WesleyChurch, Mel- . bourne". the proceedings of the united conference -i.qf ministers and laymen were commenced. :-Tbe#e was. a large attendance, and the Rev Francis Neale, the newly-elected president, pre- aided..: . "The President said they were very glad to see to many lay representatives present that night, and as ministta they united in giving their lay brethren a cordial greeting in the name of the Lord. Seeing that the atmosphere was so very oppressive, he would eudearour to be as brief ' da possible. Their experience of the past three or four days made it desirable that they should secure a cooler climate for the annual conference. The time of the conference had been changed in order that it should meet in cooler weather, but it seemed that this had failed. He would /now suggest that they change the place of meet ing to another colony, and bold the conference at Hobart or Launceston. (Laughter and applause.): Oo behalf of the friends in Tas mania, he promised them a very hearty recep tion whenever that good time might come. Tbey were present that night not only as officers of the'enureb, but as followers of the Lord Jesus Christ and pledged to Bis work, and he trusted that their work would be fruitful in' His cause. The sessions of the pastoral conference had been marked with a spirit of unanimity, and. be trusted that the same spirit would characterise . all the. sessions of the united conference. They Would' have some very important business to transact, and he trusted that the representatives _ would rare it their best attention. 'A gentleman . Had said to bim on Saturday last— a very Old friend of hia — that there would be no burning questions at the conference meeting, for they were all settled at the last conference. ' He was glad if it were'so,' as be was not enraptured with burning questions having reference to ecciesias-. tiefcl policy. But, if they had no burning ques tions, they had some important questions to Settle, Snd one of them was as to what could be done to promote the work of God throughout the, connection. - (Applause.) He hoped they would be able to deTote a little more time to the spiri-; tual part of the work. Tn' order that l hey might have time for this, he suggested that: the brethren should study "brevity in their speeches, - And endeavour to compress as much aa possible into a few words, and only speak when they bad' something to say that hsd not been said before. ; (Applahse.) In the "early days of his ministry he was sitting in the study of a brother minister, when a letter arrived for the latter, who handed it to. him. ... The letter , stated : — Dear _Sir, — When' yob preath'at 'inch' a'place, condense, con dense, condense. Yours faithfully." (Laugh- tee J) After the momentary irritation bad passed oyer occasioned by the receipt of the' letter his friend said, . " After all, there is very likely, something in' it!" (Labghfer.) ' He (the presi dent) ventured to think there was something in it, and Would' venture to say to the members of the/conference/ .fblYhen you speak, condense, condense, coneMm'to (Laughter.) He hoped members of the conference wbuld be present at the . devotional. exercises. This season there was a wide-spread depression— many who had been In afflaent circumstances were reduced to a state of comparative penury. Some of those who had sasisted the poor, in the past were glad- at the present time to be assisted. Many were weighed do»ri by ahxiety.'not knowing how many claims might be made -on. the. morrow.- - These people were entitled totheir sympathy.' Let them bear one another's burdens, and so fulfil the wishes of Jesbs Christ, = It- was true that- they lived in troublesome times, and. many good men were anxious , as to ; the . future. They had been threatened with several upheavals, and this re minded tbem that the -Lord reigneth and they need not, feat, T Let them, amidst the tumult of the people? " Rest in'the Lord, wait patiently fOf jBihi.'' .'In the second prayer their brother eameHly .pleaded for the baptism of? tho Holy Ghost. That was the great want .of the day.< Theyhad perfection in their church machinery, but the demonstration and luminatiug power of the flnly Spirit wai wanting; Let the church that day place her' hand, heart, and faith simply, solely,' and firmly upon the covenant, and therein wAs tho Uhion of those two grand gospel truths — the ascended Saviour and the descended Spirit. A day fair brighter than that of Pentecost would then still dawn, upon pur sin-stricken world. A. day in. which not 10, 00<0 only, but a nation,; would turn to the.Lorda wholo world would bofilled with His glory.'; .(Applause.) : The session closed with the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper;. ' r : Throat Amrottokh and Hoarseness.— A suf fering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will do agreeably surprised at the almost imme diate relief afforded by the use of "Brown's Bropohial Trochoa." These famous " lozenges " are now' sold by most respectable obemiste in this oountry.at lr lid per box. People troubled with a " hacking cough," a " Slight cold,", or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, as ' similar troubles, U allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthmatio affections. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Troches " are on the Government Stamp around eaoh box. Prepared by John I, Brownand Sons, Boston, United States, European depot 33, Farriugdon Road; Lonriob, England, FnoniLi:;r.. — For the Teeth and Breath.— A few drops of the liquid "FloHline," sprinkled ofl -1 Wet tooth- brush, produces a pleasant lather vhich thoroughly cleanses the teetn from all para /ite.; ot , impurities, hardens the gums, prevents, tartar, stops decay, gives the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. -It removes all unpleasant odour arising frpttt " d££ayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The Fragrant Florilfne " being composed in part of hpney arid' sweet herbs. Is delicious to tho taste, Mkd the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2d: id, of ail Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot to 33, Fartingdon Road, London, England ThopsIIoti that whitens the skin and giveB it a ghostly shade, is directly traceable to some organic cause./ The blood that eOnrses in the papilla; under the cutiole should naturally mantle tho skin with its crimson glow, and just as this ruddy tint is an evidence bf good health, so Is its absence incontest able proof of some derangement of the system, pos sibly an senqfnio state of toe body. What is wanted, in. all sdeh cases', is what is known, in technical language, as a rubefacient, and whilo Wolfe's Schnapps, does not claim to he this, atriotly, it yyork similar results, 