A NEW "GHOST" STORYi Tho pcoplo of lVteihorough aro greatly disturbed concerning tho extraordinary pro ceedings uf a ghost, ' Some mouths ago a siimil house in Muvor'a Walk was to let' nud.it was taken by n raitwny - man named whoso family entrusted of liis wife, brother, wife's brother and thrcu children. Ever since going into the housn thoy linvo been Hithjfcb to the most extra- ordinary nml terrifying .uxperiencua until thoy were driven Irani thu place. For a long tiuiD' thoy believed they woro bcin undo tho snbjuct. of a practical joke, und every muatis was adopted . to discover tho , 'perpetrators. Neighbors und othois wore called in who rat up at . nights watching, hut thoy lied : from the place in torror. A private dotoc- Uve, who; had - been successful iu exposing impostures of a ghostly character, wits also called iu, hut. ho lied 'before, the morning (!nwhotl.:-'WhUat the Inmates were in bed iui invisiblo band lifted tho hod-clothes mid throw thcth'oit'die floor. -The doors wottSd bo uftaken with great violence. On ono such occasion a door was partly broken, nlt-houph Klines waa in tho room ut tho time. But perhaps tho most terrifying part of tho proceedings was thu unuarihly r.olmts" that atcompunicd.thuio manifestations. One wit ness states that it was like u portiuu of tho house failing in -with a crash.' Auothcr do- soribcd.it as though a cart load of bricks had been tipped up in the house; 'ilic noises varied, mid occnaioui.lly were like a table liulcii.witli crockery koing overturned. The nrivato duioctlvu rays he heard what lie imagined to bo a sack of conl drawn nloug tho lauding,' and then thrown down tho stairs. Strange to 8ay,i however, nUtiongh the noises were so meatus to alarm uK the uoighhors, nothing 111 the houso was over found displaced. - Tito visitations wore almost invariably preceded by a low humming noise, ns if cnusud by a rttsluiig wind, The neighbors declare that their- houses have been shaken .as if hy tho reports of citmioti. Tho noises were not always so dreadful, Thu Fridav buioro Christinas Day, und'tlio last uight but one ol tho old yuat, wcro raid to ho the worst, hud tho noises on thoso days' aro said. to have bean most hideous, whi'lo several of thu other- houses in tho vicinity woro shaken, mul thu residents were awakened by tho noieo and greatly alarmed. Tho " Fotoraborougli Advertiser" puhltahcd the cvidcnco of a number .of - wituftsaes who had volunteered to watdi in ami about the house, and oil declare thoniHuIvcs incapable of explaining the extraordinary phcnumcua tlwy wit nessed and experienced. 