HOHEANDJFOREIGN. Another man lias been drowned in one of the London docks owing to the fog, makitg over twenty such deaths in a fortnight. The Home Secretary is inquiring into the dangers arising from this unprotected death-trap. A son of Mr Henry Irving was sl>«t in the breast and seriously injured, accidentally it is believed, while handling a pistol. He was performing at Belfast, and the mishap occurred in a room at his lodgings* At Doncaster, while some workmen were sitting in a shed after breakfast, a runaway goods engine dashed in, demolishing the building, killing one man and injuring several otheis. A niece called at the residence of ier annt in Putney, but failed to obtain admission. A p-liceman who entered by a back window found the aunt lying on the floor, having been bnmed to " death, and a domestic was in a state of helpless intoxication. The servant was taken into custody. A maiden lady who was found dead in lier bonse at Bath, apparently from starvation', had a hoard of £510. A retired brker, worth £3,000, died from starvation at Lowestoft. Three morechildien bave been starved to death in East London through the destitution of their parents. The cortner said the present poor-law system was a delusion. A father was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment at Croydon for stealing a small can of milk wherewith to feed his starving children. At Darlington the son of a clergyman was fined £50 or six months 1 imprisonment for carrying on word and picture puzeles through advertisements. He was said to hare netted £1,600 over | two so-called puzzles, each competitor j forwarding Is 6d. I A soldier was sentenced to six months' imprisonment at Dover, for deliberately c itting off two of his fingers, to ensure ! his discbarge from the army. A Leeds waman has been sentenced 1 to twelve months' imprisonment for kid- j napping an infant at Hull, with the intention of passing it off as her own. The swordbaarer of the C«»rporationof Worcester has jnst died. He was 7ft 6in in height. A dockyard centenarian who has just (I'ed at Plnmstead, helped to fit out tha t m i b Victory befoie the battle of Trafalgar. Alterations in the ventilators of the House of Commons have been earned ont at a cost of £5.000. j Another section of the Mersey I Tunnel has been opened. The entire 1 railway system nnder the Mersey now j extends over three miles, and has cost | two and a-half siilliors sterling. There has been a * ghost' scare at Peterboromgli • A railway porter and his family occupied a honse in which the most mysterious noises were heard. In visible hands, it was declared, lifted the bad-clothes off sleeping inmates About SôjO meîr have been netting larks, between Newfcaven and Brighton, 1 for the London game-shop®. They ate •aid in two days to have thus slaughtered 15,000 of these beautiful songs ters 