A BAPTISM OF FIRE. By Jeanettk Van Alstine. •JJ^ENYON BLAKE sat in his luxurious, SK office, chewin-r the end of his cigar! and mentally anathemati-ingthe K slate of the' _ " { _ , , , : Money Market, and the unreasonable and very inconvenient caution that had lately j characterised even the most reckless off speculators. i ' As a professional blower of bubbles, he had no patience with this timidity and caution— in others; and it was unlooked-for j . ,, , . ., ,. . exhibition of these undesirable qualities in big fish, upon whom he had of late | expended much eloquence and more champagne at several expensive lunchcons, and vhom he had believed to be fairly hooked, ihat had disturbed his usually placid f.f p-ijcr. It was one of the rules of his self-indi-.i^ e.nt life to dwell as little as possible upon anything disrgreeable, and to compensate himself for anj' unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened the handsomely-fitted liqueur-case which is always so important a feature of the promoter's sanctum ; and, having pulled himself together with an expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar— also an expensive brand—and sauntered out. By the time he had reached L<.'adcnhalistreet he had completely banished his disappointment from his thoughts, and in its stead had summoned before his mental vision ail apparition that was eminently a pleasant one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley's face and voice, and soft distinctive charm, had hauntcdBlake pretty persistently for a couple of months ; and it needed no great effort on his part to conjure up her Image. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress of a lively board- meeting, when he needed all his concentration and adroitness — for Kenyon Blake 's board-meetings were never tame, but frequently very stormy—he had been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition, and in another minute he was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one board-meeting that imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. Bessie was standing: by the great north window when he came in, looking out upon the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers, they liad plucked up heart of grace under his genial smile, a and, turning their backs upon the east wind, had resolved to bloom their sweetest. " And what have you been doing lately ? May I see?" asked Kenyon, after she had poured him out a cup of tea which he swallowed with a shudder, but accepted bccause he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle ; a very blight of laziness seems to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else ; I am not in a working mood, as I told you. My brushes and I are ' out,' as Will Carleton would say." Poor Bessie ! The restlessness and disinclination'for steady work, that she called laziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element that was creeping into her life, ar.d to which she had not become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet comprehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. She was, moreover, a reserved and tender woman ; and the circumstances of her life had served to intensify this natural characteristic. Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a simple-minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel Newcome type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent knew no bounds. He took her to Rome for two years, and from thence to Paris, (where she worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin bad built her the big bright studio that was the real heart-home of the enthusiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to tee his darling win her place upon the line; tnd then faded gradually and painlessly out of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette —Ninette, the sharp - t-ongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little menage there, and who had begged to be allowed to accompany them to England, rather than be parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died •w.itiihim; but Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. And so the years sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing uor caring aught of the outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsuspicious of its deeper needs. " She would be charming if she were a wonean," a clever Frenchman had said of her to Julian ; " but, unfortunately, she is only an artist." When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, she had shrunk from him with a curious instinctive feeling that was hardly strong i euough to be dislike, but was perhaps the j unconscious recoil of a spotless soul from the , smirch and stain of the man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnet- j ism, all his power of fascination and astute i worldly wisdom, to conquer that first half-1 unconscious antagonism, and to win her con- j fidence as well as her liking. Gsadually, however, she ffrew to look I forward to his visits, and ere very long: it j cauoe to pass that many summer mornings found him swinging idly in the hammock that was slung across one corner of tbe studio, while she tried to work, and drank in his words, all unconscious of whither she was drifting. Biake unfolded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all he recounted there was a cleverly, managed glorification of himself, that somehow left Bessie with the impression that someone else had told her what a princely fellow was this generous, brave, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes his voice would be low, and his eyes grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told tale of an uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant succcsses diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he had married. All this was delicately conveyed of course; more by implication, at first, than by actual detraction, and with many a skilfully-drawn contrast that was subtly .lattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied —and loved V Ah! yes. Love forced its way at last isito the closed chainbsvs of her heart, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest ha mony under his tormenting toueh, ar.d tilling her eyes with the divine unrest which is th? tirct ef the many penalt.*s thae we women nay for hi* admission. But the swietness was »horfc-li'"*d, and <he realised the hopeU«Pi>ss «f the futmc Loyally she wrestled w tli the devil of rebel lion, as of old Jacob wrestled with the messenger of God ; and after a time victory ..seemed to come. True, she could not cast out her love, but she could curb it, and turn it into the channel of friendship that should be the joy of her life, aud that would perchance be a comfort to hjm also. Her heart ached for his loneliness, and for the hideous, mockery of his marriage to a woman he did not. love ; and she longed with all her generous, unselfish soul to bring some brightness into his blighted life. It tortured her to see that longing, hungry Io c ! k in hi t f ... h ® ™ d . toI,u , f " f . voice awakened in her all that prol ectmjr, hls semi-maternal tenderness that slumbers at the heart of every true woman, Alas, that so few women realise, until it is too. late, how terrible is the power of a man who has studied our sex, and who does not scruple to turn his knowledge to account.! From the first, the odds are against us ; i'or ; we ;lre 80 easily swayed by personal j f influences. Remorselessly he gathers the thoapand little dainty msu£ ents ^ onr woak. nesses and foibles into his hand, and twists them into a cable that binds us. In vain we struggle; we cannot break it; and those who muster sufficient courajje to cut it asunder, find that they have dug the knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds that perhaps may never heal. It is only a very strong man who can resist using this power when he has once experienced the fascination of its excrcise ; the cravings of his own passion bid him strive for victory at any price. And most assuredly Kenyon Blake had never been strong with such noble strength. Even, as a young man, when the chivalric instincts are keenest, he could rarely summon resolution to draw the rein upon his inclinations ; and at forty he had an* incurable flabbincs.* j of moral fibre that was the natural result of a lite of grossest selfishness. ! He watched poor Bessie's loyal struggles i with a half cynical, half compassionate i amusement. Poor little darling, how J miserable and how \vicked she felt! Well, ] time and he between them would cure that; . and then—ab, then he would teach her to to live! And the mere thought of his coming triumph sent the blood surging hotly through his veins. Bessie had jrrown very dear to him, ana he loved her with the truest love of which his selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyoa ; s fault; for, such as it was, it was the best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; andone July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to a story that should never have been told ; and the dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other complex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered add uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; Bessie knew. But the hand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passion but the love of her art, was struggling to life at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of fire into her heart. To all strong- hearted women the birth of passion is a bewilderment; a torture of sweetness that leaves the will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from out the world, but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. "No, we shall Dot part," he broke in upon her murmured protest. " It is useless to tell ine not to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature is stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do you think I have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you ? And with the same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your heart; but, dear, you cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced—not meant to be renounced. No, you shall not speak—"as she tried to stop the words that tortured her—" I know what you would say, and I will r.ot listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would find no place in your heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile social laws, and ineffectual barriers ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do not speak ; look up into my face, and let me read those true eyes ! Come, Bessie; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life—for ever!" His voice was husky with passion, and the arms he held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions he bad ever known. " I cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with a sob in her voice. " Yet you love me! I feel you do ; while I—my God ! child, I worship you ! You drive me mad with your quiet, cool ways and tender eyes ! Tell me, dear,he went on more quietly, " had I been free would you have answered differently ? Would you have been my wife V' " Ah! Kenyon." " Say, would you V' " Yes," very softly. "My sweet!" And in a second she was in his arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and cheek—kisses that burned deep into her soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling through her veins. For a moment the wonder of this new bliss that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot the struggle that was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the future. " No, sweetheart, let me hold you so," as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embrace, " while we reason a little together. If vou would have married me, why should Vou hesitate to COme to me now, why cloud" your life and mj ne with this chimera of the'world ? Can you not love me more than the world '> What i s its verdict to you or to me ? I know vou po -well, my white darling, my mire-souled Bessie ! Is it not enough for'you that I understand and reverence you V Can you not trust me? Is not your love strong enough f or this ?" " It is not that. I could trust you, Kenyon. I do not care what others would think," she answered, brokenly; "but we both owe something to another law. We have no right to briujr sorrow on your wife." " Hush, child ! You are speaking of what you do not understand ! For years my wife and I have been the merest acquaintances—hardly friends even, and the little time we spend together is almost always disagreeably spent. How should you smis: - tand a cold, coarse, jealous nature like hers —you, who are so tender and so fine'.' -Ami yet she is » good woman in her impassive way ; but we are like oil and water. You are my true mate, the wife of my soul, the one womau whose every thougrht and impulse responsive to my own. Ah ! I could do great things with you always beside me to be my inspiration—my Egeria ! See !"— taking her passive hand in his—"iu the hollow of this dear hand lies my life ! You can make it Heaven or hell for me, Bessie ! My love, my love "—his voice broke—use your power mercifully ! Do not be hard upon us both; for you know you cannot condemn me to misery without sufferingyourself It was piteous to see her vacillation and uncertainty—hers who had always been so strong and so prompt. But a volcano had suddenly broken forth amid the cool green pastures of her life, burying all her landmarks under its lava flo\y, and driving her to a fate that she was powerless to resist. < : « • • • • £ A strange sense of calm, and peace, and happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and Wrs of the last few weeks. Everything appeared to Bessie under a new aspect, and she saug blithely as she painted. For she had entered her Land of Beulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love-craving hearts. Ah ine, that its boundaries are so narrow, and that : its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the ( dark waste of disenchantment! At first j she had blamed herself bitterly for having ! strives against Kenyon «o long. Since she loved him, why had she tried to erectbarriers against him,'and to shut him out into the loveless cold of the worldiwiience he , had .. pplne to seek her ? ; Tiiose barriers, too, liad been built of selfishnets', of contemptible fears for herself, of an unwomanly lack of generosity in her. But all that was past now; she' had tasted the joy of self-abnegation, of self-effacement that is the heart of love; and she knew that the work she had. to do in this world was the delightful task of making her Kenyon happy. That was the true morality of love, and all the rest was empty nonsense invented by a oolish world that did not know how to be thankful for its own blessings She. looked back, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had known Kenyon; and with the grand triumphant tones of her life-music pealing in her ears, those far-off days seemed like dumb notes iu the song:. It was not until 1 long afterwards, f ' that -she realised that they ; were rests; rests which, though they are not music, "have the making of music in them." " Do you really love me, Bessie?—love me well enough to be quite-happy, just because I love you and we belong to each other!" Kenyon said to her one day. She nestled yet more closely to him, and silently laid her line soft lingers on - bis chcek ; for she was shy of words at times with the only man she had ever loved, this woman ot seven-and-twenty. ' , Apparently the pretty action satisfied him—for a time at least. ^ " And I'm no good, dear," he went on, a little sadly; "a queer, eccentric, sort of fellow ; never doing anything I dislike, aud never denying myself a thing I want—a, selfish brute.' But I never yet went back on a friend or gave up a scheme I had promised to carry through. The world would tell you, and tell you truly, that I am not fit to ask for any good woman's love"—it was one of Kenyon Blake's most dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon as quite a reckless candour and frankness; he, the most fluent and convincing liar who ever wore the livery of Ananias !—" but I worship you, Bessie And though I have loved scores of oth ! women, and have been loved by them, ne er one has bad the power to move me as you ver you sweet, sweet girl !'•' do, The months sped by almost unnoticed by Bessie, who, Once the great plunge had been made, had forgotten all her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. Thai she had deteriorated goes without saying ; for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, she had tried to desoc-nd to Kenyon's level, having found it impossible'to raise him to hers. And things had not prospered with Kevou. A financial blight bad fallen on the City, and he could find no scope for his persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding: his aristocratic pretensions, he was not sufficiently a g<-i tieman to wear a shabby coat with ease ; and having expensive habits, it was not long' before • lie exhausted :nofc ' only his own resources but also those of his friends who were confiding euough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of his embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties aud fifties, the slender bank account grew less. And Ninette banged her pans abent more viciously than ever, and drove the dustmen, whom she hfild iii especial abhorrence, ;to the: verge of •suicide. And as the spring ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had beein on the Continent for a year, signified her intention of spending the season in London, and desired Kenyon to lookout some suitable house for her. The request with its conscquant expenditure, staggered him, but as his wife was always the last person to whom he wished his difficulties to be known, be trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky conp.'to set him straight, and prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous. He had been so wholly hers, that she had at times almost forgotten that other claim—and now ! In vain Kenyon assured her of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's caprice caused him.; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, he devised a whimsical cure, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completely successful. Bessie had been prepared to liato the waman whom she had wronged, and whose very existence had' wrecked all the sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eight-and-thirty years sat heavily on •her, and, without being stout, she gave the impression of weight and thickness by reason of her unelastie tread and the clumsy contour of ankles and wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and unconsciously one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies—a costume one felt that had been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker could bring her up to date, or hide that fatal , inborn dowdiness before which even I'elix and Worth would have confessed them- selves powerless. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something pathctic in this; and as she noticcd- how the supplementary twist of bright gold emphasised the fadedness of the once pretty boir, she was filled with a half contemptuous pi^y. This sad,, colourless woman, who looked as though all the glad generous blood had turned to water in her Veius, and who bore a whole tragedy of broken hopes and wistful straining after the love she had lost—if, indeed, she had ever had it—in her dim, whitelashed eyes, could never again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with his restless energy and full pulsing vitality, his quickness and activity of thought and body, sought the world over for a more uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon his career, it is doubtful whether he could have found one. As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before that it was she whs was indeed his true wife—the wife of his soul, as iiehad said; but somehow there was a tiug» of bitterness in her joy that she did not understand. It was just after this that Kenyon went suddenly to Paris to try and tilt the Pcalcs of Fortune iu favour of one of his schemes that was trembling in the balance. He was almost penniless; but with the sublime audacity that was one of the factors of his success with women, he posed there as a veritable Paladin of finance ; and it was from the Hotel Continental that Bescie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her unexacting tenderness. With the fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacrifice that distinguished her, she fretted over her lover's impccuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of her saleable sketches and jewellery, sent bio five crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and rain to save the threepence thai an omnibus would have cost her. -3s - When he returned he had the grace to feel ashamed when he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen on Bessie's finger. Hitherto she had, with delicate tact, selected things which she wore but seldom ; but these had all gone. " Will you love me the less that my hands are bare she asked, laughing ; " you silly boy, to fuss about such a trifle !" And then he talked in his large way of the magnificent things he was going to do in the near future, until Bessie bejran to M:;nu iier.sclf for not having su fficien tly aj >j M-eciated the privilege of denying herself i.lie necessaries of life, and to feel that 1 her poor little hundred* must seem very paltry to this princely hero of hers! But XJUC worse was « jts to uu come j » and anu a « few lew months montus afterwards Bessie stood for the last time by j the great north window of her studio, and 1 ^°^eme S o^Keriyon C B?ake?kitM frying ! home to roost, and the furnished house that} hc had taken had to be paid for ; writs had : been issued ; and altogether matters looked J ugly for him. I Segjf* course bad.beeu prompt, I-the pretty cottage had been transferred to an artist who had long coveted it. Everything was packed ; everything ready for her'departure ; and poor. ftineUa was shivering patiently Out in the. gusty hall, and wishing that Mdclame would remember that the marketing had yet to be done before i.iey could think of settling down to rest in the dingy Thayer- street lodgings whither they were bound. And already it was nearly four, aud the gloomy December afternoon was drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. She was filled with a fierce exultation of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of use to the man she loved. Was it not to tide him over a disastrous moment, and to keep a roof over his wife's head, that she had converted everything available into ready cash t Ah,- and the 4eliglit "of <doing it•!;•.. . -.' •'• *; C* And it was with a smiling face and happy heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her [ ' home. Just before'she reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of " common honesty," which had survived thus late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attention, and with an impulse of pleasure, ^ she stooped . to gather these'wbite ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her hand touched them, the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among their dead oompanions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air! ^ ,-Nearly eighteen months later, all Loudon ^crowded. picture ,$jat hungin -qpe 'of the~ galleries' of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, and bore in one corner the initials " E. L." A wovasu clothed in sad-coloured garments; stood erect in the ceutre of a woodland path? aud gazed straight out at the spectator.' The dead: leaves Justled at herffeetifanfi kho : bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour"in the canvas—a scarlet letter thatglowed and burned upon the woman's breast 1 —the A of the Puritan adultress. and dazed by the--cowardly defection of the 1 man who had ,been her god, hercbnscienpe, her ideal of all '-tbat was manly *and- trustworthy and true. The pillars of her world had given way, and everything was tottering under her ; for he had failed her. And since he was false, what Was there Teft for her to cling to ? " it is quite heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. Lester ?" a pretty girl had said to Dudley at the private view ; but Mr. Gurnett was •mistaken when be said that Miss Langley had been her own model. It isn't her face at alt" And- the man had - murmured, -under'' his breath," " No ; it is only her soul!" SoOn after Bessie had left Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some -concern in which he wafe interested. His expenses were to be paid,-the salary was good, and "he was to receive a considerable sum before his departure. " So you see, little girl, we are coming out all right; and in a few,months I shall buy out that fellow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of youv own again," he gaid, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie, whose uncalculating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told him lhat she was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon money that she had raised for him at "various times. It was the first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she was suffering ; and probably she would not have done no had he ! not previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds bad been paid in to him within the week. But she had not reckoned the new clothes there were to buy, the dinners there were to give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and tire dozen; -other far, more impoftant^c^iims ;vo: exhaust his mdhcy thanthe'dailyneeds Of the woman who had beggared herself for him. ' "Of course,'! had thought of.'that, arid will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or fret, for everything is coming straight at last." And his answer had been sufficient to satisfy Bessie's trustful heart..,-, - - Towards evening -of ithe day. before hie departure, after she had waited for him all day, a telegram came : ' ; Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa.' Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set.out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all right. I shall send you more the minute I land, so don't worry, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy at leaving you, but it will only be for a few months, and then I'll show you how much I love you !" And foolish Bessie became hopeful once more, and her sad face grew less white and drawn as she clung trustfully to;the coward haud that had despoiled her. Mr. Towers replied to Bessie's guarded letter in terms of strictest politeness, and regretted that Me. Blaise bad not given him instructions to act for him in any way ; but he inclosed that gentleman's address, and expressed the opinion that any communication-addressed direct to him would receive his attention. Time crept slowly on, and Bessie and Ninette came perilously near starvation ; for Bessie found it- was more difficult to sell her work when she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers in her own studio, since even dealers are not above being influenced by the surroundings of their customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn hope of the gently-reared poor— teaching: and trudged bravely through the wintry streets to give her lessons. At the end of three months she received, through Mr. To were, a cheque for £10. It was the last communication Bessie ever re> Jved from the man for whom she had sacrificed and suffered so much ; although she learned i'roui various sources that he was faultlessly cloihed as ever, and spending his money with ail the old open-handed princely generosity—upon himself. Some women babble of their sorrows to whosoever lends an car, and so find comfort; but Bessie was not one of these, and even to Ninette she had never spoken Kenyon's name. Into her picture, she breathed the chaos of lier souL It was her one dumb pratest aud appeal—the one silent expression of her anguish. Some years have passed since Elizabeth Langley exhibited the picture which made her famous ; and she is now one of the most eagerly-sought-after women in London ; for it ip only in novels that hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do not live outside the pages of the romancer. But Bessie is " Bessie " no longer ; the soft diminutive does not fit the queenly woman who bears her statelier name in full She is gentle in manner as of yore, with tbe added grace of the finished worldling. But the true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she lias passed through her Baptism of Fire,.and learned her lesson of life ; and it has left her J impassive, and scornful, and coldly cynical ] I at heart.—Abridged from Vanity Fair, I 