MELBOURNE NOTES. WHAT WE ARE DOING. What We Intend to Do. GENERAL GOSSIP. (By ' Self.-Defence.') After a hurried trip to Sydney, I arrived in Molbourno on Saturday, aud tho fuunicst thing in the world was my dropping across tho reporter's cabman— Jack Hughes is the only man that drives' us. Asking what had occurred whilo I was away. Jack told me thoro was tall talk about fighting matters. Charley Taylor, Billy Curran, and everybody elBO aro trying to out-Herod Herod m the way ol tiox iug. I had no sooner got back than I had to ±o to one or two fights. Tho lirat was at Cdrran's Gymuaeium, Where the patrona of the sport turned up in by Mr. W. B. Curran. During the evening Mr. W. 11. Virgoe aoted aa referee, and tho following ia a brief account of tho night's sport : — The first pair to too tho mark were Mick M'Gniro and Stan. iOsborno, who went to make things willing for each other four rounds. The mill was a very spirited one right through, and resulted in a win for M'Guiro. These lads had senrcoly left tho ring when Nipper M'Shano and Gibbs, both of Port Melbourne, wont in to treat the on lookers to a very quick four rounds. At tho enU of two ronndB, however, Gibbs scored a decided victory, Mr. Virgoo complimenting him on his performance. Auother little tit-bit was provided when Alex. Webb and Donnie M'Sbane started to knocK cnipa oh oaou otucr. Jiiveryooay fanciod thatM'Shane hadabigshow of knock ing Webb out. nnd so he did, as at the end of the second round Webb told everybody he had had enough ; his facial expression whon he cried a quit was something to be remembered, I shall uover forget it. Mons. Victor's boy Kerr mado a big break j ho beat Jack M'Shane iu one round, and what sort of a show did ho make of him p M'Shane was uover in it. The wind-up of the evening V.-U3 botween Anthony and Williams. We ex pected this to be a very good fight, but wo must admit we woro disappointed. Williams had matters all his own way from tho start, mid Anthony was never in it. Neither of them has a ghost of a show withTim Hegarty. Rotal Athletic Hall On Saturday night Clarley Taylor opened Ihe above half, and a terriblo up-hill gamo it was. Boxing in external balls is difficult to mako a success of just now, but Costello's old trainer has happeued to catch the bull by the horns. What will tho sporting public think of this? Friday undortook to stop Jimmy Mnrnhv in eieht rounds. He did not stop him —ho got stopped himself. To my mind, Friday scorns very much off, and Jim Murphy nppears to bo tnking a lot of care of himself, and will probably knock tho Btufling out of most boys his own weight directly. Whon I was over in Sydney I was tho roughly stuffed up with the fight between Val Flood and Jim Kyan; I waa vory plenaed to see Jim in good tottle and working hard. I was terribly disappointed when I went up to Windsor to try and find Flood, and found he nevor had beon there. Of course I came to tho conclusion that Ryan and Flood wouldn't fight, and I oamo back to Mol bourno. Judge of my surprlso whon I aaw him In all his war-paint hore. ' I thought you w«r» going to fight Ryan, Flood?' ' So did I, but there waa no monoy in it.' ' Why did you fool tho Sydney people f' ' Why did thoy fool me i' I can't quite understand why Flood has como back without fighting Ryan ; his action will not make many frionds for him hore. Melbourno aports havo thoir own ideas of Evan's fighting, but they muat sympathise with him through Flood's fooling. It is ouo of the biggest aurprises that I have had during my four years experience in Mel bourne wlion I.saw Val Flood on Saturday. I was not tho only ono mirprised. I'll know moro of his business before next issue. ? MIDDLE-WEIGHT CHAMPIONSIIIP I am sorry Dan Creedon is messed about so much as he is. He is ready and willing to fight any middle- weight in the world. Mick Dooley told me the other day, win or lose with Costello, he would fight Creedon for £100 aside. Well, I told Creedon this, and directly the REFEREE guarantees the £100 Creedon will cover it. Let the Sydney people make no mistake. Dan Creedon will go and fight Dooley for all the money he can find, provided that Mick will scale 12st, or under, the men to weigh at noon on the day of the contest. Dan ain't a chump, but he's going to give nothing away. He's got £1000 behind him to fight Dooley at 12st but any purse offered in Sydney must be through the REFEREE. 