FOOTBALL NOTES. BY MARKWELL. If proof of the continued popularity of football were required, last Saturday's monster attendance at the Melbourne Cricket-ground should suffice to satisfy the most sceptical. It was estimated that there could not have been fewer than 25,000 specta- tors present, and, judging from previous records, as well as from the fact that embankment, grand stands, and members' reserves were all densely packed, I fancy the total assemblage must have numbered nearly 30,000. There have been larger crowds in past reasons at engagements between Carlton and South Melbourne, but not very often, and these particular instances of big "gates" have occurred late in the year, and at matches upon the results of which the question of premiership largely hinged. In the Carlton and Geelong encounter on Saturday this element of attraction was wanting, for not only is it too early in the season to form any thing likf a definite opinion concerning the premiership, but so well balanced and so nearly equal are the foroes of five or six chibs thus far, that it is a matter of some diffi- culty at the present moment to select even the teams that shall constitute the first three at the end of the season. The huge crowd must have been attracted, therefore, only by the probability of witnessing a first-class engagement between two really good teams. This being so, it follows that we may look forwaid with certainty to seeing all previous Aus- tralian attendance records eclipsed before the season terminates. I say Australian records, for no matter how exciting the contests to come may prove, we cannot hope to rival the prodigious gather- ing that assembled at Ibrox- park, Glasgow, on March 12 last, at the final match of the season for the Scottish Cup, under Association rules. The con- testing clubs in the match referred to were the Celts and the Queen's-parks, and it was estimated that the onlookers numbered 50,000. I may add that j the crush was so great that the playing ground itself was encroached upon by the multitude, vho, but for the intervention of a body of mounted police, I would have rendered play impossible. Troopers were never previously employed to keep back the crowd at Glasgow, but, on this occasion, the ordinary foot-police were absolutely useless. It may be interesting to note, too, that though the Association game is to all intents and purposes a Scotch one, and though the Queen's-park team was composed almost exclusively of men bearing Scotch names, the match was won by the Celts, whose names indicated that the bulk, if not all, of them hailed from the Emerald Isle. A high northerly wind interfered detrimentally with the play in Saturday's game, though neither its bleakness nor its force appeared to make any difference to the crowd. It, however, caused an unusual quantity of boundary play ; and this, though it proved , a strain upon the endurance of the ruckmen, became, at times, a trifle monotonous. Carlton were singularly unfortunate in having to meet the formidable Pivotonians with less than their full strength. Their . absentees were M'Owan and Moorhouse, the former , a brilliant and reliable defender, and the latter one of the club's most indefatigable and effective ruckmen M'Owan was suffering from an injured knee-joint. and Moorhouse bad been unfortunate enough to lbadly bruise a toe whilst training at the National Gymnasium early in the week. With these two cham- pions away the dark blues were decidedly haiidi- capped, and as a consequence. Geelong'e win, brilliant and meritorious though it was, lost a modicum of its lustre, indeed, it. appeared to disinterested on- lookers that had M'Owan instead of Aylwin (who did nothing all day) been in front of Carlton's posts during the concluding term, the team's defeat might have ben averted. Up to half-time the struggle was keen and the applause frequent, notwithstanding that no goals were secured by either side. The equality of the contesting forces was attested by the evenness of the play all round, as well as by the exact, similarity of the totals, namely, 4 behinds each. With the wind against them during the third term, the visitors, after seeing Spedding with a neat drop kick register Carlton's first goal, played with wonderful dash, and an equalising tally was pouted for them by Ryan, whose skill forward was greatly admired all through.the match. After this, H.M'Lean made three successive fine attempts to score, with the last of which he found the opening, and the final change saw Carlton a goal in arrears, and obliged to battle against the wind. The home team delighted their supporters with the superb form they displayed at this juncture. They com- pelled Geelong to maintain a strictly defensive atti- tude for some time, and in spite of the strenuous efforts made by the Pivotonians to keep the lead they had acquired, Kiernan should, have easily bagged second goal for the dark-blues. It was left to Spedding to do the trick, however, and when, at about fifteen minutes to closing time, this gifted Caritonian caused the two flags to be raised, unwonted excitement reigned amidst the multitude, and the board re- gistered exactly 2 goals 5 behinds to each of the con- testants. " Now," thought the onlookers, " we shall behold a finish as keen, as close, and as exciting as anything ever previously seen upon the ground." I believe, too, that nine out of every ten people pre- sent anticipated that if a draw did not ensue it would be bccause the dark-blue representatives would es- hiibit the greater stamina. No one could have ex- isted what actually did happen. Carlton rushed to the attack again after Spedding's successful kick, but Houston skilfully managed to repulse the charge. Determined work by Parkin and Rankin changed the venue, at once, to Carlton's ground, and here Burns passed to Timms, who from a difficult angle cleverly punted third goal for Geelong. From this out the aspect of the game underwent a radical and surprising alteration. Carltonians, especially the back men of the team, seemed to lose both their heads and their places: and the Geelonfites, who finished at a pace much faster than they had ex- hibited in any previous portion of the encounter, fairly ran over them, securing three additional goals kicked by Reid (2) and Mitchell, and -winning amidst deafening and well- deserved applause by 6 goals 6 be- hinds to 2 goals 5 behinds. . Captain Houston was in rare good fettle roving, and, whilst he kept his team well under control, he also proved himself about the most useful player on the side. Ryan, forward, contributed more than one man's proportion to the total quantity of work done by Geelong; and M'Lean and Reid were likewise very busy and very effective in the same important department Timms, Green, Parkin, and Burns follow- ing are mentioned in the order of merit, the ex- Southerner having been much less brilliant than is his wont. Wheatland on the wing beat Simpson, who invariably made the mistake of going for the man in- stead of the ball, and who, it must be stated, handi- capped his aide considerably in the matter of giving free kicks to Geelong. Armstrong worked hard in the centre, - but he found Strick- land a long way too;last and much too clever for him from first to last Conway, on the left wing, performed admirably, notwithstanding that early in the conflict he received a violent kick on the knee that rendered him lame for the remainder of the day. Leahy's ,great pace and extremely clever hand play, along with James's magnificient hiagh-marking, Rankin's general ability, and Wilson's ' determined exertions. made Geelong's defence uncommonly strong. Amongst the Caritonians P.-Williams, back; Sped- ding, forward and following; and Currie and M'Kechnie, following, were the most effective workers on the field. Hutchinson and Sutton especially the former defended well ; Fullarton kept level with Conway on the wing; and Roberts, as usual, put in a great quantity of able and graceful play half forward, where, also, G. Williams, distin- guished himself, Richardson, forward, Davis, in the ruck, and Turner, roving, were likewise prominent at various stages of the game. Jo, Shaw kept pace with the fast paly all through, and gave no sign whatever of partiality ; but he failed to see some glaring infringements, and he now again allowed himself to fall into traps laid for him by the wily Houston and the no less wily Peter Burns. By the majority of Carlton supporters the veteran umpire's con- nection with the game was deemed anything but satisfactory ; nevertheless, as an impartial and close, observer of the game from beginning to end, I am able to state unhesitatingly that I saw nothing in Shaw's umpiring to warrant the complaints. He certainly was not in any way the cause of Carlton's downfall. Fitzroy's ability and experience proved too much for Collingwood on Saturday; nevertheless, the new comers are to be complimented upon the alt-round , improvement shown by them during their engage- ment. Several thousands ot the partisans of either team assembled at the well-appointed Victoria-park ground, and witnessed a game that was, I am glad to state, absolutely free from any semblance of ill- feeling. Collingwood were without the assistance of Lamly, a fine wing player, who was kept out of the field by a very severe cold; and they laboured under the additional disadvantage of having Murphy , their champion high mark and follower, incapacitated early in the third quarter by an accidental, but none the less painful, kick on the ankle. Mr. E. L. Wilson, the genial and energetic hon- sec. of the black and whites, assures me that the many reverses his team have experienced up to the present have not in the , least taken the heart out of his men, who come up smiling week after week, and never dream of fore- going their couple of nights hard training:. They have, he adds, every confidence that their turn will ultimately arrive, and they are content "to labour and to wait" Under the circumstances their con- duct is not only worthy of high commendation, but, to my thinking, savours of true heroism. Supporters of the club are more than pleased with the deter- mination to succeed manifested by players and exe- cutive alike; and not even such attractions as are afforded by a Geeloug and Carlton : encounter can draw them from their proper allegiance for so much as a single day. Against the maroons, Captain Hegarty (back) played a stunning game, with Costello and Gordon as able assistants. Balfour, recruit from a second-rate junior, acquitted himself admirably half-back, as did Drum- mond another new-comer, in the centre, and Allan on the wing. Ashton and Smith, following and forward, worked with vigour and effect; and Anderson, for- ward, was a prominent member whenever opportunity offered. The best form on the side was, however, shown by young M'Inerney, who followed splendidly during the greater part of the match, and who, though only a modeiate handful of humanity, did not fall far short of holding his own with the powerful ruck men of Fitzroy. A word of praise is also due to M'Pherson, whose display against his old comrades was a particularly excellent one. For the visitors, Reynolds played his customary brilliant and reliable defensive game. Ewing appeared to more advantage than in previous engagements this season; and Hickey, with his line kicking and marking, and his great turn of speed, was remarkably promi- nent factor throughout the match. Banks and Sloan, in the ruck, divided the best honours of the day, and the popular Worrall was in tip-top fettle; whilst Cleary, roving, caused continual trouble to the Collingwoodites. Trait umpired the game with his usual great ability. At East Melbourne there was but a verv moderate " gate," owing, doubtless, to the fact that Williams- town were not thought to have a ghost of a chance against the powerful Essendonians. The wind was blowing straight down the ground in the direction of the railway goal, and the visitors, who secured its assistance during the first term, managed to prevent the home team gaining a goal, though they did not, even with the gale behind them, have any the test of the play. When ends were changed Essendon had matters their own way, except that their forwards :were a shade unreliable. The united efforts of wind and Williamstown after the interval again kept the " same old " in check, but the final quarter added five goals to the latter's total, whilst the Townsmen during the same, period had to be content with a single behind. Essendon's 9 goals were put up by Thurgood (4), Anderson, Vautin, Carter, Christian, and Wilmot, and M'Callum notched the only goal recorded in the match for Williamstown. Vautin, : Ball, Forbes, Chadwick, Officer, Dick, Clarke, Stuckey, and Thurgood were in splendid form for the winners-, and M'Cubbin, Fribbs, Wnrren, Brown- field, Dyson, and Henderson were conspicuous amongst the villagers. Mourning bands were worn by Essendon players as a token of respect for the memory of poor Leaver, who had died from the effect of an accident which befel him whilst playing for the second twenty of the club on the previous Saturday. Anticipating an even tussle between Sr- Kilda and Richmond, a large crowd of onlookers betook them- selves to the prettily-situated convincing ground of the seasiders.and they were amply rewarded for their ' journey. As was the case in most of the games, the wind was a prominent factor in the proceedings; neverthe- less the contest was uncommonly exciting, each team in turn having the call when aided by the boisterous element, and making up the ground they lost whilst kicking against it. M'Kay, whose fatlter, I regret ;to say, had died early is the week, did not take part in the match, And his loss was a serious one to Richmond, though it was counterbalanced by the ab- sence from St. KiIda's team of Harper, owing to in- juries received in the Geeloug match a fortnight before. each team, I have said, scored in succes- sive quarters, but neither was able at any period to acquire a strong lead. The finishing term was con- sequently of singular interest; and profound excite- ment and enthusiasm agitated the spectators right on to the call of time, when a behind only was the difference between the totals. That behind was in favour of the St. Kildaites for whom Williamson, the quondam Footscray player, was about the most meri- torious performer, notwithstanding that Lockett Shaw, Alf. Smith, Foreman, R. Robertson, Abrahams, Allard. and Kilmartin were all been at their best. Powell played his usal sound game in defence of goal, and handled the Richmond boys with great ability. 0*Haltoran, half-beak with clever marking and running, almost rivalled the great gun of St. Kilda, and Goode, Aspinall, Backhouse, Speary Deane, Crowley, Parker, Eider, and M'Claverty individually and collectively performed as well as the men immediately opposite to them. Hopkins ad- ministered the laws ol the game with absolute im- partiality, but be was perhaps a little too particular about trifles. The goal-makers were Allard, Williamson, and R. Bobertaon, for BL Kilda. and Crowley, Parker, and Elder for Richmond. Port Melbourne succeeded in administering a rather severe beating to their neighbours and rivals the South Melbourne, notwithstanding that prior to the commencement of hostilities the odds were much in favour of the latter. Up to half-time the struggle was an even one, but during tbe third term Ports pushed to its furthest limit the advantage which the wind gave them, and established a strong lead. They played a great game also in the final quarter, which was fought out most vigorously; and so well did their defenders execute the work allotted to them that South were unable to make ant approach to- wards overtaking: them other than by obtain- ing a behind, which was the only product of the last 25 minutes' play. Port Mel- bourne's victoiy, though a surprise to most people and more than a surprise to the Southerners, was, it most be admitted, accomplished fairly and squarely upon merit, and it was earned, moreover, against the best available strength of the red and whites, Freame, Haddocks, Fraser, and Suther- land had the honour of securing a goal apiece for the victors, and South Melbourne's single was contri- buted by Brown. Decis, Clayton, Dow, and Morton defended in rare style on behalf of Ports, for whom, also, M'Murray, O'Meara, Worrell, Freame, Fitzpatrick, Drew, and Smith were greatly in evi- dence; whilst W, Windley, McKnight, Gibson. McArthur, Charrett, Waugh, Elms, and Doran were busy as possible in the ranks of South Melbourne. North Melbourne scored their first victory for the fear against Footscray last Saturday on the North Melbourne Cricket-ground. During three-fourths of the game there was little choice between the contest ants ; but in the final lap the Northerners asserted themselves effectually, and eventually they reached home a couple of goals ahead of their antagonists, Carroll played a masterly game for the conquerors, who ware also much Indebted to Williamson, Rolent. Sholl, Todd, Red, Cox, and Gibson. Footscray's more meritorious workers were Coward, Kendall Carter, Molyneaux, Hood, Paris, Bigg, and Pender. A goal each was obtained by Carroll, Rolent, and Cox for North, and by Kendall for the visiting team. For-the second time this reason Ballarat Imperial encountered Ballaiat last Saturday on the Eastern Oval in the presence fairly good number of spectators. Previous rains had left the ground soddened, and before the game had been ten minutes in progress the ball became so greasy that it was a matter of some difficulty to pick it up or mark it. Added to this high wind prevailed during the after- noon and greatly interfered with the efforts of goal- makers.. Under these circumstances the -football shown, though somewhat rough at times, .was credit- able to all concerned, and.wore than creditable to the Imperialists, who succeeded in adding another to their previously acquired list of brilliant victories. M'Kenzie, Hoskin, Feary, Wright, Scarlett, Robert- son, and Dawson put in excellent work for the winners; and Bailey .Graham,, Jordan, Draw, and Greaves played well. for Ballarat. .Powell (2) and M'Kenzie .for the former, and Graham for the latter, were responsible ior the goals secured by their respective sites, and Alessio umpiring gave com- plete satisfactions. Ballarat Imperial have now scored 12 points to South Ballarat's 2, in the local premiership competition. Melbourne had the satisfaction of, and deserve great credit for, administering to South Adelaide the strongest of the Adeladie teams, an unequivocal beating on Saturday last at the South Australian capital. During the opening term of the engagement the home team ran up 2 goals and 3 behinds to Mel- bourne's single behind, and looked like easy winners; but the visitors polled themselves together in rare style, and played a masterly game from the ffrst change ot ends right on to the conclusion of the match. The final record was 13 goals 17 behinds to Melbourne, and only 3 goals 5 behinds to South Ade- laide. Howes (5), Christy (2), O'Loughlin (2), Kelly, Hallett, Graham, and M'Kenzie were the goal-makers for the victors, amongst whom Kelly, Wilson, Fry, Lewis, Moore, and O'Loughlin were particularly bril- liant performers. Victoria will be excellently represented in the In- tercolonial match agalnst South Australia, which will take place this afternoon on the Melbourne cricket- gronnd, and as the visitors have broueht with them a very formidable combination, the game should prove an extremely interesting one. Our team will comprise Anguin, Forbes, Officer, and Thurgood, from Essendon; Banks, Grace, Melling, and Rey- nolds, from Fitzroy; Burns and Wheatland, from Geelong ; Currie, Roberts, and Sutton, from Carl- ton ; Doran and W. Windley, from South Melbourne ; Forman and Williamson, from St. Kilda; M'Kay and Powell, from Richmond ; and Coward, from Foots- cray. In the Castlemaine junior premiership competition, Castlemaine have secured 8 points, Maldon and Muckleford 6 each, and Newstead and Chewton 2 each. Great disappointment was occasioned in Castle- maine, on Saturday, owing to the non- appearance of North Sandhurst, who were to have placed the Foundry United. No explanation of their failure to meet the engagement has been furnished by the delinquent club, who, it is said, were guilty of a similar breach of etiquette a few weeks back, in con- nection with another appointment. From Sydney I learn that University defeated Zea- landia by 16 points to 3; that Randwick scored 14 points to 6 against University B; and that Went- worth notched 3 points to Parramatta's nothing, on Saturday, playing under Rugby rules. Returns for the recent match in aid of the Morn- ington relief fund are all in, and show a net total of £165 16s. This sum includes £102 3s. 6d. taken at the gates on the day of the match, and the following amounts handed in by the clubs named for tickets sold:-St. Kilda, £10; Collingwood, £29 s.; Foots- cray, £2 8s. 6d.; Carlton, £11 6s. 6d.; Essendon, £12 10s.; North Melbourne, £3 13s.; Richmond, £6; Port- Melbourne, 10s.6d.; and Fitzroy £1413s. In addition to the proceeds from the match, £50 has been con- tributed to the fund by the V.F.A., £20 by Essen- don, and £5 6s. by Mr. A. M*Cracken. A further amount of about £30 was taken for the same ob- ject at the match played at Geelong on Wed- nesday week, and the grand total readies slightly over £260. It will be noticed that the sum named includes only one donation from the funds of a senior club, namely, the by no means over-liberal contri- bution by last year's premiers; aud doubtless the public, who know how well lined are the coffers of most of the leading clubs, are beginning to fancy that the generosity ot footballers is less bounteous than it was thought to be. The public will, however, see all in good time (but they must not hurry pro- ceedings) that the clubs are holding back only for the purpose of making their respective contributions as huge as possible. Training and travelling ex- penses must be met, and outfits must be purchased in the beginning of the season. Later on I feel sure |every pound clhritably disposed footballers may be able to spare out of the few thousands they will have scraped in will be handed over without regret to the widows and orphans at Mornington. I know the gentle footballer, and I am acquainted with the open- handed manner in which his funds are lavished on charitable objects ; therefore I do not hesitate to as- sert that lie will give bountifully out of what remains after his own indispensable requirements 16 are supplied. At the same time, I am bound to add that his parti- cular wants are considerable. On Monday Port Adelaide defeated Norwoods with 3 goals 4 behinds to 2 goals 11 behinds. For the Hay trophy {Western district), on Saturday, Mortlake beat Terang by 6 goals to none; Timboon failed to turn up against Camperdown, who will, in consequence, record a win; and Cobden had a bye. The points now stand .'-Mortlake, 10 ; Camperdown, 8; Timboon, 8 ; Cobden, 6; and Terang, 4. A warm welcome was extended to the representa- tives of South Australia upon their arrival at Spen- cer-street yesterday morning. Members of the Vic- torian Football Association were present in numbers at the station, and acoompsuiied them in drags to the association's club-room at Young and Jackson's, where, in the unavoidable absence of the vice-presi dent (Mr. R. W. Best, M.L.A.), Mr. D. Rannard ex- pressed the pleasure which he and all Victorians ex- perienced in being favoured with a visit by a South Australian team. He also alluded with regret to the fact that his association had failed a few weeks before to treat the South Adelaide dub with becoming courtesy. Mr. Stanley Evans, hon. secretary of the South Australian Association, and manager to the team, thanked Victorians tor the genial welcome shown to himself and his men, and stated that the explanation furnished by the V.F.A. of the circum- stances connected with the recent visit of the South Adelaide team had, to his thinlring, completely exonerated that body from the charge of want of courtesy. He assured all present that everyone in Adelaide was perfectly satisfied that no discourtesy had been intended. In the afternoon the team, who have put tip at Sheehan's Treasury Hotel, were driven to the M.C.C. ground, where they had the pleasure of meeting with many friends, and where they wit- nessed a really game of football between Geelong Grammar School and Scotch College. 