The Scenic Artist for the Lyceum. SOMETHING ABOUT MR. PHIL GOA'TCHER. Hitherto the scenic artist has not re- ceived too much attention in Australia. A particularly brilliant scene bedazzles for a moment, but soon we become satiated with the splendour and seek interest in the plot, the characters, and the dialogue. This unequal distribution of attention is to be regretted. The reason, doubtless, is that as yet Australians have not been educated up to a hearty appreciation of the efforts of the scenic artist in the vivification and realistic presentment of a dramatic picture. But this is a defect of vision and a default of judgment which will not long continue. Indeed, of recent years, a large measure of attention has been given to the scenery of certain big productions, and circumstances point to an early and spontaneous appre- ciation of the brush work of the Australian stage. The citizens of Sydney are a theatre loving people, and are as ambitious for the production of first-class entertainments as the inhabitants of London, Paris, and New York. They are also justly proud of our great theatres and the talent which finds a home upon the stage. Just now much interest is centred in the new Lyceum, which is nearing completion. As before announced, the inaugural season will be pantomime on a particularly gorgeous scale. The scenic work and pantomime, and the various other scenes within the auditorium will be painted by Mr. Phil. Goatcher, who has for the past two years been under engagement to Mr. J. C. Williamson at the Princess Theatre, Mel- bourne. Sydney audiences have, so far, had but a glimpse of the high standard of the work turned out by Mr. Goatcher. This was during, the production of "Cleo- patra" by Madame Sarah Bernhardt, and several scenes in the operas produced by the Royal Comic Opera Company at Her Majesty's. But at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, Mr. Goatcher's work has won for him an enduring reputation in the southern metropolis. He will now have an opportunity of widening his circle of Australian admirers, and his work at the Lyceum is bound to attract much interest and attention. Mr. Goatcher has had a career full of remarkable, incidents and entertaining adventures. He first saw the light in the flourishing and not unknown settlement of London. He read law books in the office of Sir Charles Wickins, but life at Lincoln's Inn was not sufficiently attrac- tive. There was nothing artistic in parch - ment, and the poetry and romance or briefs did not appeal to him. So he soon wished to say good-bye to musty precedents, uninviting Acts of Parliament, and mouldy forms and records. He drew leartopns on the sacred correspondence of the Q.C., and found more favor in this occupation than in suits in chancery, common law fights, criminal trials, and divorce cases. While Sir Charles was away on circuit, young Goatcher decorated the walls of his chambers in Lincoln's Inn with prize- fighters, parsons, monkeys, judges, politi- cians, ancient hieroglyphics, reptiles, and deadly insects. When Sir Charles returned, Goatcher left the chamber immediately in front of flying fragments of furniture. At this period, young Goatcher was often found at Old Sadler's Wells, in the best days of Greenwood and Samuel Phelps. He de- veloped an enthusiasm for stage painting and nothing could shake the idea out of him. But he did not remain long in thc vicinity of Sadler's Wells. The spirit of adventure was as deeply rooted in his nature as the desire to pursue the study of art. An opportunity presenting itself he journeyed to St. Petersburg, and 0n returning from the Russian capital, he apprenticed himself to the ocean, and took passage for Australia in the True Briton a fellow passenger being Mr. Laurence Cautley. But he returned to England soon afterwards, and rejourneyed to Australia in the Dover Castle in 1867. Arriving in Melbourne a second time, and still a mere lad, he determined to forsake the ship, as he could not agree with the captain. In company with a young fellow named H. E. Inskip (now by the way, captain, of the Lusitania), he walked from Melbourne to Ballarat. At the golden settlement he met John Hennings (the present artist for the Theatre Royal, Melbourne). While in Ballarat he assisted Hennings at the old Theatre Royal, and that talented scenic artist predicted a future for the lad. But attention was suddenly directed to the gold discoveries in New Zealand, and Goatcher sailed for the Thames River, and obtained a commission to fly about the paint and property room of Captain Butts' Theatre, Shortland. While there he went through one of the most cold-blooded and thrillings of the episodes of his career. Mr. Goatcher tells the story in his own inimitable style, and the circumstances are not without historic interest and import- ance. He relates :- "That eminent tragedian, Walter Montgomery, was billed to open at Captain Butts' Theatre" on a Saturday night in 'Hamlet,' and -onN Fri- day evening he quietly intimated that he hoped the management had provided the skull for the grave-digging scene. But the theatrical managements of those old gold-digging days never had anything that was wanted. It was considered sufficient if the kerosene lamps were trimmed and filled, and it was unsafe to expect anything more. Montgomery was filled with consternation, for 'Hamlet' without a skull was worse than Parlia- ment without a refreshment-room, or thc Mahommedan creed without a Koran. The tragedian howled for a skull, and we had neither the time nor the ability to make one for him. The manager refused to be beheaded and boiled down for the occasion, and Jack Calder confessed that his skull was considerably damaged with wear and tear, besides, he wanted it to keep his sublime intellect in. He promised, however, to surrender it when he died of old age; but Montgomery had neither the patience nor the decency to wait. Something, clearly, had to be done so I went into the cool night to think the matter out, and there prayed for an in spiratíon. The Lord High Humbug of Gehenna must have . answered the peti- tion, for my mind flew to the lonely Maori burial ground called the 'When natspu,' a few miles distant through the thick bush. A vision of ghosts and gob- lins and fearful spectres rose up to challenge me, but, nothing daunted, I determined to go forth in the dead of the dark, wild night, and plunder the Maori nation of a skull. I induced the bellman to ac- company me, but was careful to keep from him the object of my expedition to the sacred spot. Mr Phil. Goatcher. The cemetery was situated in the centre of a plateau, and for a white man to be captured, thereabouts meant mischief. To be discovered meddling with the hal- lowed dead was to be instantly con- signed to an awful doom. Many times the bellman threatened to turn back, but he was urged on to the very boundary of the charnel ground. He, however, firmly struck there; but consented to await my return,that is, if I ever returned. On my hands and knees I crawled over the cleared plot of land, until I reached a grave. There had evidently been a recent interment, for the clay; was still loose and soft. Stretched at full length on my side I handled the shovel as dexterously as pos- sible, and a foot below the surface I struck the dank, decomposing dead. It was only the head of the Maori I wanted. All around was dark and silent gloom. My youthful frame shook with horror, and the full; sense of the danger I was running filled I my soul with indescrable terror. Quickly I drew fromits lair a large butcher's knife and proceeded to decapitate the body. It was the most hideous task I ever attempted, but I worked the blade backwards and forwards like a skilful butcher, and the gruesome contract was accomplished. Then I rolled the fright- ful head in a towel, and crawled back to the boundary and the bellman. Rapidly I bore the booty through the lonesome bush and was only calm and collected when I saw the flickering lights of Shortland glimmering in the distance, It was only then I fully realised the mar- vellous escape we had. Twenty Broken Hills would not bribe me to go through that adventure again. No, the 'When natspu' robbery would not be repeated. " Well," continued the artist, after brushing the perspiration off his ample brow, "we boiled down that heavy Maori head until every fibre of flesh fell away from the bones. Then we polished up the skull, and at 5 o'clock on Saturday even- ing announced to the nearly distracted tragedian that we had a skull, and forth- with uncovered our Maori possession. Montgomery was charmed. He declared that he had never seen in the museums of the world a skull to equal it in beauty or design-it was a masterpiece. He inquired how we obtained it, and, being supplied with particulars, declared that the recital of the adventure would give him an inspiration to eclipse his Hamlet that night, and, indeed, the famous tragedian never interpreted Shakespeare more magni- ficently." And touching his career in New Zealand, Phil. Goatcher has a volume of thrilling and amusing incidents to relate. Later on he went to San Francisco and met Mr. J. C. Williamson, who was then a young comedian at the California Theatre. But business was bad in San Francisco, and young Goatcher made his way as best he could to New York, his capital at the out- set consisting of ten dollars and a big heart. A good deal, of the journey was done on foot, but most of it was accom- plished by strategy. He gained the great city of the United States in April, 1871 and very soon he was taken in hand by that world famed caricaturist and scenic artist Matt. Morgan, of Niblo's Garden New York. The gifted Morgan took, a deep interest in Phil. Goatcher, and soon the young artist won a high reputation for the delicacy and finish which so early distin guished his work. The pupil had caught the inspiration of the master painter, and success was assured. After a special training in the best paint rooms of New York, he was engaged as principal artist for the Capitol Theatre, Albany. He next worked for the fa- mous John Stetson at the Globe The- atre, Boston. From Stetson's theatre he went to St. Louis, under engagement to George Deagle. the great Missis- sippi manager. Later on he accep- ted a big engage ment under the Kiralfy Bros., and worbed for these foremost American showmen both in New York and Philadelphia. After a deal of hard work, he journeyed to his native London, and successively painted at the Adelphi, the Princess's, Drury Lane,., and Covent Garden. Some little time afterwards Mr. Goatcher met Mr. George Gordon, while the former was painting the scenery for a great production of " A Midsummer Night's Dream*' at: the Royal, birmingham. Gordon was then associated with such men as Telbin, Craven, Beverley, and Harford, on some of the biggest productions of the London season. In June of 1875 Mr. Goatcher returned to America, and worked at Niblo's Garden and other theatres. Later on he renewed his acquaintance with Matt. Morgan at Philadelphia, and both artists were engaged by Will Emmet for the new Academy of Music, Chioago. Leaving Chicago, he joined the Park Theatre, New York and worked for the season of " Lotta," after which he accepted an engagement to paint for Henry E. Abbey on his big productions for Mrs. Langtry and Miss Mary Anderson at Wallach's. After fill- ing various other engagements, Mr. Goatcher undertook the task of painting a succession of elaborate drop curtains, and these are now hanging in a multitude of American theatres. After doing the scenery of "As You Like- It," for Augustine Daly "Macbeth," for Wilson Barrett, and "Ingomar." for Mrs. Langtry, his health broke down, as much from domestic worry as hard work, and he determined to visit London. There he again met Mr. J.C William son, then on a visit to London, who offered him an Australian engagement and the prospect of restoration to health and a change of scene. Refusing, flattering offers from Mrs. Lancaster Wallace, of the Shaftsbury Theatre,' Mr. D'Oyley Carte, and Mrs. Langtry, he accepted the engage ment with Mr. Williamson, and thus Australians have the opportunity of wit nessing a touch of his work. The talented scenic artist has just commenced to paint at the new Lyceum, and is strug- gling hard, in a short time, to produce the elaborate scenery for the Christmas pantomime. Professor Anderson, unlike thé proverbial Scotchman, has a keen sensé of humor, and this M appetite for incongruities.," as he puts Jit, often finds .food in the .answers made by students i to his questions. . He . sometimes pesters his: class with some little; problem, and not till some tbaory has been suggested will he assuage : the disarranged! mind by an explanation. The psychological expression '* final cause " needed., elucidation thé other day, and several; students were pitched upon for the necessary information. One undergrad., who was bubbling over with anxiety to show his kriowledgè, at last got a chance, and answered ; *.* Something about which no questions should be asked," meaning, . no doubt, that 'it was some unquestioned impulse. The manner in which the re- mark fitted in with the socratic style of the lecturer amused the students greatly, and hilarity, in which the genial professor joined, reigned supreme for some little time. The learned one took" the uninten ten tional . hint, and; asked nb more about '* final cause," but gave his owndefinition of the phrase. Such episodes are the oases in the dull anófctreary deserts of lectures. A few more humorous 'lecturers, or a minstrel show at the half-hour, would do away with the i heed of the bye-law re punishment for cutting lectures. This is the way in which a bucolic.; contemporary swishes an imaginative riyal: ; -M A VEEY NABBOW ESCAPE.-The follow-; ing appeared in à recent issue of our local contemporary: 'Claude Herrick, of this town, had a narrow escape in the early part - of the: week at Girilambone. It appears he was engaged driving cattle, and during a severe thunderstorm, thought it safer to dismount from his horse. He had 'scarcely alighted when the horse he was riding was killed by lightning.' We have a few corrections to make. It was not ai; Girilambone that the incident occurred; Herrick did not dismount. The lightning; did not kill the horse. There was no \- lightning., There was no storm. There) 'was no Vnfirrow escape.' The incident never I occurred at áall. With these few except ; Ctions the paragraph in our contemporary); vïa correct." Bather featly put, that 1 ft J¡What îe'Loye! ^Ijpy/^he Diyorce Courtfr . thè^other day a rul^nisi' was granted, giving the preliminaçy^nip to the bonds that bihclvtwo, Loves^n^mely, Edith Bell and'I}avidn Hörace^-together. After thaï -What!s in:a name P A ?Ci;'?;!. '-i 