BURNING OP 'I HE ABBEY FECAMP. ' Two hundred thousand bottles of Benedic tine burned, and how many millions of pleasant sensations, dainty fillips, exquisito finishing touches to proper dinners, lost to the world ? Think of them, the dear iittld' squat bottles, with modest labels, anil the mystic sign and symbol, the cross and the B.O.M. ; two hundred thousand of tliem, and ull banging' and bursting and roaring away together, while the poor monks mourned and the devil grinned at such a sacrifice of human happiness. For the B.O.M. is a happy drink. You should sip it in potions not much larger than dewdrops ; you should let its delicious flavor saturate the pulalo, its rare aroma rise through tho nasal fosses and pre- meato the bruin. Ly tton said pate do foie gras should be eaton to the flourish of trum pets. Benedictine should be drunk to the music of "flute and soft recorders.". It seems reasonable to imagine at times that tho dew of Ilerinon, whereof King David sang, was something the way of Benedictine, some rare old stuff, which the good old priests, who only took their fair share of the burni offerings, made anil kept for special occasions. For all the good sort priests have through all ages done something for tho comfort of the material as well'as tho spiritual body of man. Whence camo tho names of Laehrynia Christi — of the precious wine of the Holy Ghost? Whence the most divine of soups. Willlli UtiiMO bllU lIUIIlu btlll Ol lillQ vttrmci" itesY They did not go into the mountains, or dwell long lives in caves, for nothing. They understood that happy men were generally good men, and so devoted themselves to the. invention of certain matters which do mako folks happy, and so help to make them good. A benison on them all, and a bad curse on what ever rascal; of carelessness, or malice, set fire to tho Abbey of Fecamp ! The triumph of Genius in architecture, in sculpture, in the doar old' arts which made windows glow with colors pure as those of the solar spec trum, and missal pages shine as flower beds, in the sacred processes of distillation, and blending, the winning from Naturo licr most profound mysteries— all gone together. But is the B.O.M. secret safe? Is the recipe burned as well as the liqueur ? That is tho question of supreme interest about which tho cable is so far sileut. 