. THE STAGE. HAMLET AT THE GARRICK. Loveiis of the classic drama, ever since the arrival, of Mr. Walter Bentley in the southern hemisphere, have been eagerly awaiting his appearance upon the stage of this city. Not since the departure of Mr. tieorge Mime, a sterimg actor, nave local playgoers had an : opportunity of witnessing Shakespeare's greatest, tragedy "Hamlet,", although they have been. treated to brilliant, revivals of the legitimate, hotabljkby Mr. George Rignold, than whom no one hak "done more here for ' the elevation of true dramatic art. - Mr. Bentley has brought with him an enviable reputation, and if the house that greeted the distinguished tragedian as he stepped from the " wings " last night, can be taken as a gauge of the support likely to- be accorded to him during his season here, then the familiar maxim, that "Shake speare spells ruin " will certainly receive a knock down blow. Possessed of an excellent stage pres ence,' gifted by nature with a peculiarly flexible voice, capable of running the whole gamut of pathos, combined with a rare power of facial expression in which the varying emotions are mirrored with startling distinctness and fidelity, Mr. Bentley is specially fitted to play the higher drama he has selected. The performance of la-t evening was a thoroughly artistic one, and the success attained must be taken as an undoubted compliment' 'to the " principal, and must also be shared by' the Carefully chosen and capable com pany. The "Hamlet" of Mr. Bentley, it is not too much to sky; is the best ever presented in this city. At the Cutset the artist played with subdued power, reserving bis f orcos for the heavy tax im- . posed upon him in the higher scenes. His meeting with the ghost inspired the audience with a reveren tial awe ; but his best effect was achieved in the closet scene with his mother, where his " Look on this picture and then on that," and the frenzied grief succeeding, were admirably shown. The im- . mortal solilo'qujr " To be or not to be" was de livered with masterly elocution, and the actor scored every available point. Miss Laura Hansen's Ophelia was full of artistic merit, and the madness which afflicts her upon the death of Polonius was vividly realistic. Her singing also irresistibly ap pealed to the auditors. Mr. Ireland played Claudius, the Xing of Denmark ; Miss Jenny Watt- Tanner was the Gertrude, Mr. Harry Hill the Horatio, and the remainder of the caste was well filled. A tribute must also be paid to the costumes and the scenery, the latter so admirably limned by Messrs. Grist and Yaughan. " Hamlet " will oc cupy the boards during next week, and lovera of the tragedy should not miss Mr. Bentley's imper sonation. 