' A TRAVELLING COMPA '.JN: M R. CALEB BUCKLE, as he stb in his eJineintly respectable Club, was in a very badl temper indeeld. SIt was certainly annoying, and even a more patient temperament than Caleb's i would have been ruilled to no slight extent by the circumstances. For fifteen years, as regularly as the procession of the seasons, hllad he been accustomed to spend the sum ,,ner months travelling from one pleasant -Continental retreat to another, accomnpanied by his friend, General Beaman, K. C. B., with whllom his acquaintanceship datedl from their Eton days, and with n hom he was in thatcondition of thorougll sympl!athy and :re:ordcl icis the only stre tic tletwecen Su'ravelling companionsl. This year cvety .thintg had promised for a tip of itesual leasantness, andil for weeks Calell had gloated over the prospect, only at the last momeCnt to receive a check in the slhpe of a let Icr froms the (eneral to say that. the treaking out of ani old wounld lrcvented his being able to stir for six months at le;st. Caleb's cup of disappointmenle t and cliagrin fairly brimmed over. What was he to ldo? lie woulb rather not travel alone, and it was Inot. July, and the season was too far advanced for him to look fora travelling complanion. EIveryone lie knew had alrcady either left Lontldon or wsas on the point of so doing. In another week townl would be absolutely emplty: and as thin ghastly certainly impressed itself oni his mitid lie hlippencd to glance out of the win dow, and surveyed the broad street with the Ipavement apparently as crowded as in the height of lle Season. l'eilhapt s othtrls wrere in his own sad plight ; maybe sonle of those sery passesr-by founitil tlhemIIselve- sat the last mlotielit bereft. of ralted trivelling com Ipaioni: doublles-ait l an idea flashced across the tobacc:-.sooheld brai of 31r. linckle, the very oligittality of whichll caused hinto tog.a-p sot that. he swallowed a mouth fuIt of slteok: aed inlldulged in a fit of eotngling which cOmplrlely spoiled the peacefrul doze of the solitary waiter. Mir. Iiuckle's idea, however, swas of too startlinglla nature to lie atel ilpon at Ince ; nor, indeed, dlid lhe ind hitimself able at onell to cotsiderlc it cailhll attll jutdiciol ly in all ilts bearing?. So leit bcgaln to lthink of somlle thig, else :s hard as lie coult. Ill is case the "somiething Cls,:" reolved itself into a i:nsideratiu of a dlisquieting epistle that lie hadl received that mtrnitg. Caleb, though a bachelor. stood in lhi somlewhat atnoaalitns position of galldiillln and rtIrutee to hi. only niec, a tretly gill of eighlitein, who IhalI always lived with iher i!othclelr" people. She. was the dautghltrof Caleb's yott?gerbrothraer. a former Colonel iin a C?valry regilieit, who ieati providcd that his dittlter slrthoult bIe debarred fron elnjoyig the fairlys?tbsltaltial foat ule he was a;bl to leave her s.'houli slhe natny before the age of twenty.onel without her unlcle's conlsel. Iti was a llrovi-ion of the will which had neilter given Caleb the ieast uneasiness, bill. iow lilhee was his ieee wt iting to tell him thait she wast entgaged to he iuitlied to a youni?g imanI of whomi Ile haI1 never heatr, anld tlhtt she couttedl tlupon leceivtllg his cotisent ai a mater of canlse. Now, Calceb was not only is selfis.h als menl of his age ilntl lodtle of life are allt to le, baiut Ithe was also conlcielltious. lIe felt that lie could not grant hids coti-elit willthout. careful itlntiry inl Ilthe yonatIg inatis tlteCedentsi antid rovrecets, ant this ihe klinew would entail itllti lillmnit L ;I amount of bollher and ltotil iince in any case ; andti, possibly, slhould ledilisipro\seof thle match, a vast ileal mltore. Tiltus the "somethling else" was not a lleaCanit subject to dwell iplon, and so lie rettrn'ed to Ii.s "L gret idea," which the morn lie thoulght aboutl it seecmeil thle itlore attractive atiln llausible. It endedtl in hli. slntdiling it tloement by the hands of the CtiI Cuumm.issioonire to Lte ..rie. .f ').' Thlen he rwent hoine to the dull little liouse ill St. Janles's; and nei t morning whellt his middltle-aged man-servant brought lilm, as usual, 'Pl/o Title wtithl his tea and toast, lie foulnd only one plil'agrlpllh which wasr to himl of the slightest dtlegree of interest. Tlhis rian as follows: A TANTED. - A (intlemnan (niddle. S aged), of rlfined tastes, to lcenull: pony the adverlis?er ona ln three months' Continental tour. Apply persoially or Iby letter to ('. B., 39.4, Duchess-street, St. ,irmes', WV. It was the evtilng of tile iay on which Mr. ltlulkl? 'salrerielieltiment apllpearcl, ndll l.ieutellanit Charles Sothleran, a igood-looking, curly-lheanled youngstetr, whlo was plassing the night in town ol hlis ?ay to Allersehot ill the mtorninlg, folultl hinself the sole occtl lait el of tlhe illiard-rioi of the Juniorl Tatters. At fir.4lt hie was not uifavourtbly implressed by his unwonted loiellinues. lie was ftll of high spirlits, rati-Itied illh the worl anil himself, andit elngagedlobe inarried toIn;t girl wilo I le, of colrse, regartled ac tile loveliest and mot ct cllnnino g of her sex. So Itrimful was lie of self-congr-atulation t lie must needs begiti to drink his own lieallh; altd as Ite had already had a bottle of"f extra sec" witll his dlinner, the conseilquence of this anmsemenlt eras that in a very short IpaCCe of time the speecliee he iatutld to Itmiself weresomnewhallt thickly uttered and inco ioiently collipoeedt. le hlad the sense though to know; Ithat lle had gotne fat enoughl, and ill the linal deluperation of loneliness the iicked til a iorning paper from one of the lounges and vainly tried to read. Ito was about to throw the paper down anid seek metal mlore attractive elsewhero, when t i paragraph cauglht his eye and lcd himit to read it carefully over. "Tlat'sh? fllluiy !" lie mturmured. "Seetms to Ime i kinow the adtlresli, an' yet I don' know, wholl lives there !" And lie read it over once inorne. Then ao gleam of lnmuselellt caultsed til eltlds of the fair monstlache to lreid in an upward directioni, nlld Lieotenant Sotelraun chluckledl audibly. ie clhulckledl as ie drltewc out a daninty little niote-book, anl amnonag a few bettinlg hieroglyphics jotted earefully down Ian adtdress whicli lie eltictd from tlhe lnewsalpa lel He cltucklcld aiS hlie walked ldownstais and indueld hIiielf witth li oveCr coat and hat ; aitld Ihe eontlinueiid chlucklii as ie ilirected the hIall-plotter to call a lrbi s loi, inlo -lilch withi iluch solelmlii ddelibera tion hie stelped, and still cthuckltled. The direclion tlhat. wlithl a regular exlilosion ofli good-bhunourerd chucklittlcg, Mr. Clitliles Sothlernn gnve thie driver, tkd him liusi great ilistane fromn lIis startl.ing oillt, fort it tas in oneof thie s?h orteels leadilg fIotm St. Jiuncs's-street wesotwalld lhaL thle ctab drew il at tlhe door of ai siall house of staid rePlectlihility. TIlat the writdows sect all ldark and evenl thie ghost of a glihmlter wantinhiig ii the Iollt, as fel a. colt i Ze seen throu tllhe oltl- fasltiontetl fantli-lti sis a ntatter of ito conceri alllareiletly tn the fnre, who, vithl a like ulelibetlttion to that withl which hlie Ihaltl entcltl, elicrgedl frols thle cab, and, sutllplotinl himtiself by the hion raillngs wlichl guardedl tlhe h! chl oil either side, began to lhaimmer ste;sdily aldt forcibly withl thle ktnockelr at tile dliyt old tIootr. lie bnged away on llthe tlefnceless door, play ing Itoltnlar ailE, ;ia though lie ?nlce a performer in the rIegiienitol bantld : till at last his ellor ls were of avail. A l'rst-flool wiltldow opfeiedl all it very llil fitce sur nltoutted by ai very wtiite nitiet-cast-for tigllt-cap? are still worl by eldel v geattlcemn in tlhis yeart of grace 18fr2-ras protrtled ltherefrom. " \ihoareyouni, antlnhalt the solnetlling or olther do you wrant?'" growled the night capped one. " Are yo--" repliedtl LicutenaLt Sothleran, with swaCet smnile, "or rather are yet:r "My initials ae 'C. B., 'ir: hot b lwhat the diekens is thab to yno?'" "Thetl is HIeaven's .lname come down instantly! iMybusinessdoes not admit of delay." And so insistant was thes visitor's -on -'+"- h '=" ... . +?"-% ... "-,: ant .:.'.; +" , sounds echoing tlrough the emplty house proc!aimed tilei fac iat thile owiner sas making his hasty way downstails. The door suddenly opened, and Liculsnant Sotherau, who was leaning against it, lutchted forward somewhat preipitnatlely into tht'hall; but he recovered himself, and, leaning against the wall, gravely contem plated the somewhat remarkable ligure presented by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, candle in haud and attired ill a garment of engaginug brevity, stood glowering wrathfully at hint. "So you are 'C I. .'" queried Charlie, sweetly. "Imn, sir; and now what is the urgent buosiness " " And you inserted the advertisement for a travelling comallnion in to-day's Timeso ?" "I did, sir; but you ut?st be aware that this is tno time to-" "And you wanlt someone to travel with you, do you, 'C. U. !'. " went on his quetioner, as though lie had not heard the inter "Ido, sir; but I should neere drceam, after this oultra!_eoui intruion--" " Well, I lhope yoIu'll havea pleasianit tripl 'C. B1.' I thought I'd come roIud, late as it is, to tell you--" "'To tell e -to tell Ile whi i atl, .ir ?" fairly sinot ted pror Iluckle, wlo wasshircring with tile colI. " To !ell vou ,"ldrawled the other, "to tell yoeu that. I rsi' romel!" And in another inlltd, hlie was in the cab da-lhing aiIwn the.?street, while Caleb Buckle danced in impotent rage on the doorstep. " Yes, it wasn't a bad juike for a dull .oli inie like ime to play offll,"' said Mr Charles Sotlheran a year later to one of his fellow ollicers. "' iit. wihen 1 found out that the old iduler was lily flia?cie's ouiele, and wlChen lie recogiiised ilme anld refused his col-ent to our marriag'e; anld when Ii thlink that we have to wait two years blifore we can marlry, why, I dln't think it quite so rousingly funnly as I did, dolt 'you kinow !"--l'ifitlU A NOVEL IHEDGE. A ENTrr.,EMN on a alllkiing tour thllroulgh Shlolpsllire in the autumn of 1S!0 gives the following accoun1t of a iectuliar hedge or felce lwhich lie calme across : "Sirolling througlh tlho Cardinlg 'ill Valley, near Church Strelton, at tile uppller Iptl. of the valley, I founll that it large liece of land has been reclaimeid ifrom thie wtasle, and is cultivated l? a vegetable aarket gardeln. To priolectl. Ihe rodlce fole ro tihe inroads o,f the mnoutlilnl slireell, this plot of land hats fence aroiui it il such peculiar constriction that it may he galled tUlitllte. Tlie south.endl cornerl s l s composed of two enotniou i thi i suchll aone sees gillngerbreadil iln it coUlltry fairs, very batteed andlll fll of holes. Each till is about six feet in leuglt anld three feet ill circiflltercece. Thel'ise il'tre Illlurked right and left by ail inire'dilble numlilber of zine blucket:;l ini every stage of dil:pidation. iSome have hadilles alld bodies aind nol bottom, othlls lhaive the barul cl ielly., 1 ltile in s-omle ontl I lthehlle or bottom,l is left. There are zis buckets. enougit to loadl a wai'zll. ]'irtlher alolng lthe gtarden ai ohl- ftasliined ploiughl forms lipat of lhe fence. This is adorned with fragments of old ion, Ihoopin_, tea-trays, leat-covere-, old rolli.c-pols, tind Iree.rvel ineil titn, aided lly imore blIkets. The tillpper prt of this wondrous ii.ldge derives its defence froit slicks, gorse, ltarpaulin, pat is of i cihair, a dripping-pan, andII bits of chelese-boxes. Stirngt is lhirely istid, froltl the ip:ulitoloured twine ilned' to tie liIpllugar to I piece nf rope suitable fora .shlips cable. \\\'Wlei stlili runs short bits of clolling torn into slt ilps ire utilisetl, and over all are the zinc buckets usi Intlea tills. I'art of this medillry felce is held upil in places by broken rabllit, vires, called ill to aid the string. Another imlutielec cilngerbread till is otl the werst sidle, proppled up with gorse, and bonlld with withies. Thle ubilquitous zine bllickets foun tihe list line of dlcfence, the advalnced leldoubt of this truly mlarvellous p]roeectionl." liE FAILED TO "CATCII ON." An aiitd ink uiicltaleotocc i0l iiul'ri'aaela music :;tore the oilier day. A newv and very pretly blilld is entitled "Kiss Me." A very lretly girl having healrd of the song, and thlinking she woutil get it willt somte others, stepped into ;a lltic orer to tlike a pur chaie. One of tie clerks, a nliolest yotung IlmanU, ellpped tillup to wait ot her. The young paly threw her veil back atying: "I watll' lItock Ic to Sleep.'" The cletk got Lthe song and lput it before her. " Now,"aid t lhe young ladiy, "I wacti ' andeini liteflgee." " Now, ' Kiss Mle,': said the young lady, mneanling, of course, tile tongi above meul tioned. 'lThe poor clerk's eyes aulliost popped fire as lie lloketi at the yountg ltly in astonish meint, for he was not aware of the fact that a song ly that naile had been writtlen. " Wh'liaLdid youi may, miss" " ' Kiss Me,'" saiid ste. "1 can't do it, miisi ; I never kissed a young lady in mly life," said thle clerk. Aboult that lime a veil dropiped, a young hlay left in a hurry, the clerl felt sick, and n Ite prOlrietor lost the sale of omne music. HIE COULIN'T GET HIER CUSTOM. "ITI's funny," said the young man who had just olpened a grocery store in the neighbourhood, " that I can't get that totlal' cuastol. I've gone out of my way to be pleasant to her, antd site won't eveni look in here any more." " W\asn't she ever in here ." asked the cuetolner. "Once," replied the youngl man, "and I treated her tlle hest I knew ?o?o'. Site hal her little boy with her, and he was tickled to death i ith tile little wllite mouse I have illthecg ol the front comlter." "Alid ishe ." " Oh, she liked it, too. She said it was n pretty little thilng, and seemed to enjoy his Ipleasure ill wateling its anl?cs. So I just thoughlt I'd clilnch tmtters, anti I took it out of thL cage and put it onl tlh floor. It's imie youl ktnsow. Anlli the boy was perfectly " And the lmolIer i' " Se said it wars one of the cutest things cite ever saw, but sihe sat right tdowul oil a stool aud pllleli her dre.ss clost about tihe nlkles, mind lretty uooll llto lad bi't hold of Lihe boy, lid backeld out elof tf l dloor withll hlim. Site saii site was uver si Illltllh obligedl to me, bnut lshe lookedl ort of ale, alnd ihascl't beenl ill hlere siice. .ll'iy, iSn't it, whelt I triedtl to be o ilie to hIer ?"' TIlE1 MAN WOMEN ADMIRE. W\ adilirel tihe tanli who believes we kuow more about llouutlkceling than lie dloes. \\\'e dmlhire thie mail w'o will be kIind to a girl grLandmothel r wller, tile girl is not at We admire thie miali tillsn asks mlr advice somll.ltimnes aind abitdes by wluhat intititiiol teaches us. \?e adimire the nan whio lhas thie fact to adlnitlo a waallnti's dlait.y Eeeksvearts well \e admlire a ItrIm w'hio IoeS 1tot itetld all hiis Ineynr oIl tobatco aindi wvile, b?Lt saves some for candly anlr flotwcrs. \'e aSdtitie a nall wllo lias plenty of mtilscle anid lhat yr t sullticirnt uteaderneus to Ilurse a womal~nl's madache. We admliroa a ll iwho t'dks sansilily to us, and lwho thinkF we appleeisat osolllethiig Imoi'e tlalnl mete. Ilattery. It fact, wie adutire atall whsiu is manly, mentally anit piyoicarDy, lwho is gelerous and kilndl, 0o r'everences womell i genEall and one il tiarticular. CONSOatTORs'. If you're not Ipretty ilwhen yotxi're youngl, 'Lhis consoltio held,: That in some lifty years ornso You rill hie irutti old. A knotty probient--th, bighiver p-silt sp!5'J ft g:ue r e~F . t:;,ji' cu";'-- 7" 