Tie Ghosts of Hocking Eall, In the latter port of the summer of 18 — I wa8 travelling over the county of Hocking I found myself as the shades of evening fell in one of those lonely and gruesome hollows for which the Blaok Jaok region of Hooking Oounty is justly famous. I tbougnt to Djabu, as J. sac aown upon the moist and spongy end of a rotten log to net and gather my scattered thoughts, if I were looking for the loous of a ghot story 1 wouldn't ask for a better outfit than is hem spread before me At my feet ran the babbling brook. The solemn and lonseeome wood might have been the very plaoe dipioted by the haunted im- agination of the unfortunate Aram. The |«nftn came to my mind — hi a lonesome wood, 'neath heaps of leaves, I bid the murdered man. A»d this creek, whioh widens a little fur ther on into a black pool, where its erst- while lively and sparkling waters find a slothful rest, why might it not be the Sluggish water, dark and deep, in whose bosom the murderer sought to con- teal hi victims. Suddenly there were the premonitory punblinga of one of those sudden and violent electrical storms whioh were exceedingly ppflimon during the summer referred to. Almost before I could bestir myself the face of the heavens was black with the ele mental wrath and the tops of the giant oaks were tossing in the breeze like so many arms lifted in supplication to the storm long. I rose and walked rapidly along the thread of the stream up to the head of the hollow. I bad not gone more than three hundred- yards when 1 emerged at the edge of the woods and found myself in ah open space in the midst of whioh stood a house ouilt of logs, but weatherboarded. The surroundings of the house were some what peculiar. The cleared Space, of which it was seemingly the exact oentre, was hewed out of primeval forest in a square, whose sides were possibly two hundred yards. About the house, and inclosing what might have been a garden spot, save that the vegetation seemed to have died long ago, ran a slab fence. As I passed across the inclosure to the house, I was peculiarly struck with the fact that the soil of the in closure was drj and friable, although the ground in the immediate vicinity indicated that it bad rained but recently. I also noticed with astonishment that the weeds and withered vegetation of the garden was so dry that it cracked and broke beneath my feet with the brittleness of finest glass. The fence, which I have re ferred to, was decayed, but not out of repair ; thit is, there was a general mouldering away, but no speoifio breaks or breaches to indicate that it had been the object of misusage or the wear and tear of ordinary occupancy. An old-fashioned well- sweep stood in front of the. hnnu. a little to the riirht. find lwvknnAd mo with cooling enticement is that feast of drought. 1 approached aud bent over the enrb— the well was as dry as the rioh man's eye at the funeral of his poor relation. The stones at the bottom, stained with the traces of moss which had dried and fallen off, looked thirst. There were no signs of life about — no cautious rooster seeking shelter from the approaching storm, no house cat on the settle with plaintive ory begging for admittance. Not even the friendly dog came rushing out, as was usually his wont, to bid me "deep- mouthed welcome and wipe his incisors off on my trousers. A crow, which perched at the further end of the inclosure, as I ap- proiched flew off and winged hie lazy fligntl to the highest branch on the highest tree at the top of the opposite hill. With him de parted all the life ot the place. I don't think I was ever so oppressed with loneliness and the sense of destitution as I was in that short moment whioh it took me to cross that inclosure and make the observa tions whioh I have imperfectly detailed. But the storm in the meantime had grown in fury, and the clouds were threatening in stant. and I thought welcome, precipitation upon that thirsty ground. I could not delay longer my reluotant application for admit tance, for I oonfess that there was something boat the house whioh made me shiver when I thought of entering. The small windows, of the most antique pattern, seemed to he eyeing me with a sinister and carious mean ing, as if surprised at my temerity. I ap proached the door, whioh was raised about two feet from the ground, and was reached by three steps of rough stone. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no response save the faint echo of my knocking. Then, emboldened by my first efforts and by the violence of the threatening storm, which COTUIQU. «-«JLUUg UU MIW&rUB; Vttc 1UUIUQUI9 iiuiu all portions of the sky, I knocked again, h»a time so vigorously that the loud reverbera tions rolled through the empty rooms and re turned to my ear in repeated echoes. My beart beat rapidly, for I was sure I heard a step within. It seemed to proceed from an upper chamber, and came slowly, stealthily down the stair. The door evidently led into a hall and the stairs led close to it. The steps continued to approach and the aotion of my heart quickened until I shut my teeth tightly to hold it in. At last the feet reached the fioor. I think I would have fled from the plaoe, but I hadn't the power. The tiling, whatever it was, for I now began to believe that 1 was in the country of the supernatural, and wouldn't have been sur prised to have had the devil himself open the door and invite me in, paused at the landing. I tried to look careless and unconcerned, but that effort assumed the same air of general delapidation. Presently the presence satisfied itself, turned ana walked down the hall and was lost to my ear. Everything was deathly still again and my repeated kuueking only awoke the echoes, which, proceeding from those hollow rooms, seemed almost to have the sentience of a human voice. I now determined to solve the mystery, whatever the result. It would be a good place for counterfeiters, and in the event that supposition was true I would probably be subjected to the embarrassment of having my tongue cut out. However, in my present state curiosity fast overcame fear, and after once more assailing the door with my knock ing, I placed my shoulder against it" to force it. 2 bad braced myself for a hard tussle and 1 felt a little natural embarrassmeutand con fusion when I found myself sprawling on the floor in theh&U.; I was the more confused because I was sure I heard a low langh, which I took to iseue from feminine lips right in my ear. I scrambled to my feet, mentally framing a graceful apology for my rather precipitate entrance, but to my astonishment I was alone— horribly ulooe ! I examined the door and found that at the first pressure the lock had fallen from its fastenings. Decay, the bIow decay of time and idleness, was over everything. The hall was short and bare and contained nothing but the rude stair way, which, without balustrade, led to an opening in the floor above and probably a hallway of similar dimensions. On the left was a email room bore of ornament. An old- fashioned bedstead with high red posts stood in one corner . Opposite and near the window stood a little wasbstand with etone bowl an J Sitoher. I looked into the pitcher ; it was ry. There was no water in it. bat at the bottom of the bowl I thought I discerned a tod incrustation which might have been blood. I remembered that the stain of human blood was the last thing to fadeaway. It remained to testify to toe horror its spilling occasioned long after the memory of the event had faded from the minds of men. I can't describe my sensations s I contemplated thto simple thing. It seemed to my excited imagination that I could feel the preseuoe of something behind me bending over my shoulder. The same chilly breath was on my cheek which 1 ielt but have yet failed to mention, as coming through the keyhole of the door when the preaenoo stopped at the foot of the ctairs. With an effort 1 shook the horror off and turned for further investigation. 1 ap- proaohed the bed. The storm which I had "forgotten in my new-found interest had deepened tbe shadows of evening until the sight whioh struggled through the small Window became a shadow before it reached fhat oorner of the room. As i beut my steps that direction the presence whioh I could not sea, but which 1 was sure had been at wiy back ever since I entered the house, 280) Atltod its position, and now seemed to stand between me And the bod, retasatinn bKkwardael apptoaohed. I wee sure of this because I felt it, breath ou mv laoe In>mi again wwtraceaofhlood. It was on the pillowa whose white oases had turned yellow with tame, and in the shadow I thought I discerned it m profusion on the counterpane. The coverings of the bed were tossed about in a way whioh would suggest that its last oc- oupant had been suffering with the nicbt- J?4" Aa I bent further down to examine toe blood spots more minutely I became oonsoiousof icy hands about my throat. I struggled to free myself, but my efforts were ineffectual. Presently the hands looseued their grasp, and it seemed something sank back into the bed with a gurgling and tokening groan as if dying from strangu lation. I fled aghast from that room and started for the hall door bent upon immediate escape from this chamber of mysteries. To my con sternation the look had been replaoed and the door resisted my .most strenuous efforts to open it. I rushed into the room on the right the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I had failed to note while outside. I was a prisoner in that house of horrors, without the physical power now to escape even if a way had been opened to me. My knees smote together and the cold sweat stood out on my forehead. The room in which I was had evidently served as a kitcben and dining- room. It appeared as if it had been left hastily after a meal, but if so, it must have been years ago, for the remnants of the re past had only left stains upon the moulder ing cloth. The furnishings of the table were orude and of a pioneer date; the plates ware of a yellow crockery and the bowls and cups of antique pattern ; in the wide fire- plaoe the old-fashioned crane swung with an iron pot hanging to its arm. In my utter despair some part of my nerve returned, and I was enabled to again move about. The paralysis whioh fear had laid upon my limbs had fallen off, and I now determined npon further investigation. I was getting need to things, and the icy presence whioh still stood by my side was not entirely intolerable. I determined to go np the stairs and see what new revelations would be vouchsafed m tho upper story. The night without was black, and I could bear the deep thunder peals and sea flashes of lightning. In the natural course of events I thought the house should be dark ; but while the night bad grown from gray to black there seemed to be no change in the condition of the light within the house. The atmosphere still had that sickly yellow hue which you sometimes see when the evening sun sinks beneath a black cloud. It was peculiar in this, too, that it seemed to pass along before me, while the space at some dis tance was totally obscured in the shadow. By the aid of the light, then, I found the door nuu mgau uuc bdwui ul tuc aiaua. nn i ssoeuded I could hear footsteps immediately behind me. They stopped when 1 did, and when about half way up the stair I heard again the same feet descending which had thrilled me when I stood outside the door. I could feel the presence pass me on the way and I thought I felt the touch of its hand. I looked at my hand at the point of contaot, and a bright rod spot glowed there. The apparition, or whatever it was, passed on my left, or the outside of the stairway, and I oonld feel the ghostly companion at my back shudder and crowd to the w«ll( sensibly pushing me to one side in its eagerness to avoid the other shade. Evidently, I thought, for I was now enough composed to think, there is not entire harmony in this ghostly I household. 1 now proceeded to the top without inter ruption and shade No. 1 resumod its place at my back. At the lauding, however, I per ceived that my companion stopped. 1 took several steps to the door on the right, which led to a chamber over the kitchen. I lifted the latch and entered. To my surprise, but not consternation for my nerve was com pletely restored, the door was sharply closed aftir me, and I was left in total darknesB. Bu yellow light was gone and the mysteri ous presence had also departed. I groped my way to the window which opened on the in- oloeure at the back of the house and tried to throw up the sash, but it resisted my efforts Peering throogh the darkened glass, I could see that the storm had not abated any of its fury, but upon a oloser look I saw that the cleared space to which I have alluded, and which I noticed as being extremely dry, seemed to be wholly escaping the heavy rain wnich was falling abont us. From this window I could see the lofty wall of woods at the back and a portion on each side, and extending up from its top I could easily per ceive the edge of the rainfall, like a crystal wall, exactly co- incident with the line formed by the trees. This, then, was the explanation of the excessive dryness. The place was cursed. As I turned again to the room I became conscious of a change in the condition of the light. The glow was very faint at first, but gradually intensified until the objects iu the room were easily discernible. The light was of much the same quality as that already referred to, only stronger ; and now I per ceived that it proceeded from a candelabra on a table near the window, with three branches each holding a wax taper. While wrapped in wonderment at this phenomenon I became awareofawarm and comfortable sensation creeping over me, and, looking around, be held a cheerful fire in the old-fashioned open grate at my back. "This is excellent," I thought, and seating myself in a curiously carved oaken ohair before the fire, I began to leisurely examine the contents of the room in detail. There was a richness about every thing that ill comported with the wild- ness of the region and the finish of the room. Evidently these trappings of luxury had been used to better days and other climes. There was an air of Oriental profusion in the furnishings that suggested the nativity of the owner, hut there was also euoh a diversity in the designs and workman ship of the various articles that even an un- practiced eye could readily see they bad been oolleoted from many quarters of the globe. I at once made up my mind that the mysterious owner was a seafaring man possibly a pirate, who for some detected crime was forced to seek safety in this plaoe, remote from the bese of his marauding operations. The table whereon sat the light was littered with books, map and nautical instruments, and upon its stand, near a richly -upholstered chair by the table, which swung on its inclined axis. The room looked as if the occupant bad just left it, and but for a short time. While I was musing upon these strange things the door softly opened and a man richly clod in garments of Oriental magnifi- cenoe entered" He was smokiug a long Turkish pipe, and the pungent fragrapoe of the tobacco brought up to my imagination all the poetical charms of the Orient. I was about to speak, but saw that, although he turned his eyes to that portion of the room where I sat, ho did not observe me. He nassed nuicklv across tbe room to the chair by tbe table and sank contentedly back in its cushions. He was in deep meditation, and as he held bis rapt gaze on the opposite wall he took long draughts at his pipe and filled the room with the fragrant smoke. Presently he laid aside the pipe, took a parchment map from the table, and with his instrument was soon lost in some intricate problem. I don't know how long we sat thus, nut it couldn't have been many moments until the latch again clicked and another figure entered the room. The figure in the chair didn't raise its eyes, ana was evidently unconscious ot the second presenoe. The intruder was a man dressed after tbe gam general fashion of the first, in an inferior stvle, which indicates the rank of a servant. His features, wrought with passion, shoved that he was a native of some of those countries which border tbe Mediterranean, possibly a Greek. The feature of the master, whom I now turned to, as they were eagerly bent over Lis map, showed that he had been born in a oolder clime, but they had the bronze wbloh only the tropical sun can give. While I was making these o'laervationa the second figure had glided around the room and woe standing back of the ohair and partially leaning over tbe Bitting man. The move ment had evidently been unobserved by the latter. I looked into the face of tbe servant, aud if ever murder cried out from features it certainly did from these. In a twinkling he bad whipped a curved and murderous knife, from his belt, and bending down he placed hie hand over the month of the man in the obair, bent his bead back-until tbe throat was well exposed, and then he drew the keen knife across, almost severing tbe head. The blood gushed out iu torrents, but the murderous slave held his hand tightly over the mouth of the victim until he was sure life had parted ; then he dropped the head, which fell limply to one side, exposing the ghastly wound, and again passed out the door. I heard his footfalls on the stairs. I had heard them before. They were the same which responded to my first knocking, the same which passed me on my way to. the fatal chamber. I arose and followed quickly to the land ing- Hie man had passed down to the door and was standing in an expectant attitude, evidently awaiting the approach of some one. Presently I heard tbe fresh notes of a song without, and following the door was ( opened aud a young girl, carrying a candle and shielding its flame from the wind with her hand, entered. She had no more than stepped across the threshold wLen the slave sprang upon her. There was a struggle, and the delioate girl was hustled into the room I first described. I beard a stifled shriek, a gargling groan, and then all was still. In the intensity of my agonised horror I found my voice and called aloud. Just as 1 shouted the storm seemed to gather all its thunder in one bolt, which it spent with a mighty and deafening crash. Tbe earth shook, the fabric of that house crumbled about me and the uncanny spirits flew shrieking to their qonfines. 