MELBOURNE.' Oct. sti [FBOHODBCOBBESPONDENT.J Picnic , weeks ! And perhaps just here it will be necensary to explain something to you re that mailee trip, which is to last from ihursday next to the following Tuesday night; This is really a sort of counter to the excursion Messrs Patterson, M'ColI and other' members made laBt week to the mailee at tbe invitation of the farmers, and duly had one' story pumped into them. Mr Taverner's party are going there in order to examine the question independently, and as Mr W.' T. Carter is to ba assistant pilot, tbe information they will seek to obtain- will not bs the kind most favourable, to the bill. It will be interesting to note when both sett of picnicers get at each other in Parliament from what very opposite standpoints the mailee can be viewed, „ But economy is present even in picnics. The Korumburra one, for instance, was "-wet" enough, but the unfortunate gueBts, or rather ' moat of them, hadn't a bite to eat from start to FIUIBH—tenhours—aud when the train reached Melbourne, a little before five in the evening, some of them resembled footballs before they are blown out, and nearly all rushed the restaurants. It is soft that Korumburra country ; and the ladieB who ventured to ride hom the one mine inspected to the other found their steeds floundering knee deep in tha soft clay and crab holes, and returned with their habits bedaubed with mud from spur to plume. Of course there was plenty of local excitement, and Mr Parry, one of the pioneers who have etuok to the work- with unflagging enterprise and confidence, averred his complete confidence tbat now there was nothing more to bs done but distribute dividends to the shareholders for the terms of their natural lives, I have heard that sort of talk before over champagne, but, as one who has been underground in a good many hundreds of claims in the various colonies of Australasia in his lifetime, and who has alBo bad the advantage of closely investigating the mines at Newcastle—they really are mostly at Larobton some miles distant—t can nf t-hoo? of, Korrumburra w:.:. - , - - F; tyros knowledge. " '.- :, . , being worked tl.': - • . .i,» ... : .„: ,1- thickness wben V--J :•:.; r we could only mo.kn : and, if it keeps liist -hperty; there .woii.J - in it. But to wi,-, i re,.. ;about three feet : v feet of coal, which ' 'trucked, back to mo _ i Up present!. driving price is low—thirty shillings per yard—but nnlesB the coal . thickens as they advance into the hill this.will necessarily increase as the " the ciuntry" is almost sure to harden. The one great advantage of this Korumburra mine is lhat the coal beds outcrop on the sides of the hill and rise as they go in, so that they can all be worked by adit levels psrfeotly dry, so that there is no coBt of pumping or winding to bs incurred. This unquestionably does make it possible to work them profitably, though I doubt if this can be done. The second advantage that they possess is that once their coal is in the trucks, not Melbourne alsone, but tbe whole colony is their market. With the sea borne article this is Bomewhat different, as the coal has to be lifted out of the hold of a vessel bringing it bagged or put in baskets and carted to Spencer- street. The Korrumburra mine having its branch railway, right to the tip, can with equal ease deliver its coal at Ballarat, Bendigo, Sale, Beechwortb, Ararat, Portland, or any ether town in tbe colony. The only question is can it mine its coal at a price to undersell the imported article without the protection of a duty ? There are some shrewd practical men in the company among whom we may count tbe well known contractor Mr Pigdoo, and these are not likely to make mistakes in matters of tbis sort, and they tell me they can win coal from the present top seam at 4s 61 per ton. At the present rate-of carriage though, one penny per ton per mile, it costs them five and ninepence more perw ton to convey it tbe sixty eight and a half miles to Melbourne. They are, however, hopeful that they will conquer the obdurate hearts of the. Railway Commissioners, who are shortly to make a speeial private visit to the mine and obtain a reduction of the haulage rate to something more nearly resemblingthe English or a farthing per ton per mile. Of course if tbis could be achieved it would make nearly as much difference to the prospects of the company as the payment of a composition of a farthing in the pound does to the worldly affairs of the millionaire. It would, however, be unj'ust to Korrumburra to refer to it as if its fate depended upon the one thin seam of coal it is now working. As a matter of fact five have been discovered by boring, one of which is Baid to be over eleven and another more than fourteen feet ia thickness. On these—though they are not likely to be opened up for years yet—will probably depend the future of the mines. Our Minister of Education is a modest man, but he understands the limitations of his powers. When we were groping in tbe main drive at Korrumburra, it was at that point only about five feet high, as we were close to the face one of the ladies present besought bim to indulge in that resonaot smile which is historic throughout the length and breadth of Australia. " O! Pleaae laugh, Mr Peacock" ehe asked " I should like to hear you underground ?" Mr Peacock, it may be explained, now occupies the position of being expected to let off a laugh at any moment like a " didn't know it was loaded" piece of artillery. Of such are the inconveniences of fame. But the Minister, who is a bit of a young St. Kevin in bis way, aud has ao far exhibited a flinty heart adamantine to feminine persuaviness replied, "Sorry I can't, but if I were to laugh here I'd bring the roof tn." This last paragraph is but a sort of playing in piece, an Introduction to a story of Mr. Peacock's, which illustrates how the supernatural may interfere with the performance of the vocation of the most practical minister. Some time since, there was a school in a certain country dUtrict. The schoolmaster thereof regarded with mi altogether too beaming eye, some o£ his female-pupils, and the result "was that the wife-hashed herself. Other instructors of youth of batter certified moral dispositions were retained, but tbeBe were placed some miles off in another building, and the old school was closed. It speedily acquired the reputation of being hannted though how or by whom was not clear. It was the usual case of hearing strange aud uncanny noises so that after a while tha deserted building was at night shunned. Byand-by the new teacher and bis wife desired increased accommodation at the premises they occupied. The department, which is now strictly economical m all its dealings, decided to remove the old ghost-haunted school-house, and out of the material thereof add to tbe one then in occupation the rooms required. A daring contractor undertook to remove the old weatherboard structure boddy on a lorry, and essayed the task. He was late in starting with his doils bouse, and night coming on he thought he might as well sleep in it so as to be under cover. But the noises he heard Boon drove him from his repose, and he had to take some boards off his load and sleep on them out in the paddock. He. however, fulfilled his contract in part, but the schoolmaster and his spouse refuse to allow the aocursed thing to come-near their tenement, and now tbe Education Department is seeking to square this embarrassing manifestation of tbe apparently supernatural with its teachings that all phenomena have a natural explanation. I may supplement this with a little story of my own. In one of our suburbs there is a oharmingly situated little villa worth at rental about 23j to 25s a week. A young married oouple seeing this was to let at 12s Si obtained the key to look at it. They say that the instant they went inside there began a series of the most extraordinary and confusing noises, sounds as ot windows being raised aud Buddemy allowed to fall in adioinmg rooms, of doors slamming, muttered whisperings. •and . many, other unaccountable things which they soon became too excited to attempt to explain. They fied. and that house still lacks a tenant.with .coolness enough tout up-at nights and demonstrate: how unusual circumstances can always be accounted for by tbe known operation of natural laws. Wins making by baoterization is the next scientific wonder promised, and. bacteriology has advanced so far that it is now claimed that chemists can dissever the bacterium* which. imparts thespecial: flavour and odour from a wine. as. for instance. Preneh' claret. Can bring the bacoilli across the seas to Vic>. toria, can then introduce them here into a wine.: of- similar class; in whioh they will at once fecundate, and to which they will-, impart the taste and bouquet of ;the:fluid from whioh tbey : mere 'Originally, extracted. This is simply -amazing, and throws completely mto the-shadethe attempt to introduceithe ova .of the salmon to Australia I 