gallery notes. The debate on the second reading -of tho Customs Duties Bill was resumed by Mr. Melville at a littlo after 5 o'clock last pight, and cohtinucd without any serious check right along till the adjournment for tea. He returned from tho evening meal re freshed and invigorated, and continued his romarks until a few minutes after 8, when tho Speaker called hiB attention to tho fact that ha had been guilty of tedious repeti tion, and had taken up more than a fair sharo of tiino. Those who know how thoroughly oarnost a protectionist ho is will not bo surprised to learn that Mr. Melville's enthusiasm carried him beyond tho limits of strictly reasonable discussions and very near tho verge of stonewalling. But his speech was a good one, and Lhough it did not contain much that was now it was delivered in his best style, and, at any rate, showed that ho is thoroughly sound on tho question and firmly behoves that protection is the only policy under which Now South Wales can prosper. nir. Aieivmo covered toe wnolo ground oi the protectionist argument, and got back to Washington, Napoleon, and other historical celebrities for quotations in support of his own assertions. Mr. Black wanted to know how protection had affected Victoria, and was promptly informed that he at least could not claim to know much about a country in which he had only spent a very short period, and then gave most of his time to skirmishing round in search of hidden miseries. .The member for West Sydney had not anticipated any sudden snapping up of his observation, and smiled a sickly smile while trying to think up something good to Bay in reply. Later on ho took a seat on the front MiuistcAal benches, and engnged in conver sation with tlio Minister for Works, It may bo that he is beginning to see tho error of his ways, and is desirous of being received into the fold of tho true political faith. Ho has of late offered only a weak opposition to thn l4nvnrnmnnfc nnrl ia f.n Via aonn no frn. quently on ono side of tho House as on the othor. His chief anxiety appears to bo that ho cannot bo both sides of tho fence at once. In the course of his speech Mr. Melville referred particularly to tho benefits which protection would confer on the agriculturist, and showed how farmers' had thriven in Victoria under a policy which prevented tho flooding of their markets by the produce grown outside the borders of their colony. And as ho warmed up to his work ho chal lenged any free-trader— any one from the ex-Premier downwards — to furnish proof that any country in the world had grown great Under free- trade. "Great Britain," suggested a member. " Great Britain !" echoed tho member for Northumberland, with deep scorn in his voico and consider able lightning in his oycB, "sho has lost her reputation under frco-tradc, eaten the ioek, and dragged her flag in tho dirt even before tho heathen in foreign countries." Of course the gentlemen opposite laughed .this asser tion away as absurd, but Mr. Melville pro ceeded to show that as a consequence of tho frco- tradc policy England had fallen back in the raco of nationui progress to such an ex tent that even aftor death hor people sleep iii cheap coffins made in Belgium, and used as packing cases for tho matches tnado by tho cheap workers of that country. " Then the' coffins arc snlphtir-Iincd already," sug gested Mr. Copciand. It is a strange fact that Mr. Melville cannot make'a long speech on any topic without referring in somo way to coffins, and as a gonoral thing when he reaches to this' reference the House does not hesitate to laugh in a quiet wav and slilv chaff him about talking shop. He quoted figures in proof of all his assertions, drew on Mulhall, and Coghlan, and Melvillo and other authorities, and was apparently settling down to break all existing records, when tho Speaker requested him to cut tho balance of his speech out and come to tho climax without loss of time. Mr. Cotton said he couid not understand tho wild enthusiasm for tho establishment of factories in this young country. After a careful scrutiny of Mr. Cotton, and a littlo listcuing to his remarks on diffcront topics it is a fair thing to assume that this is not tho only mutter which ho docs not understand. He regards tho alliunco between protection and democracy as "utterly incomprehen sible," and, in fact, considered that in politics many things were incomprehensible, and most of tho rest passed boyond the' limits of his comprehension. Still ho kept on talking just as' if ho did know all about it. Whon ho took his scat Sir Honry Parkes rose and complimented tho member for New- fawn in such terms that that gentleman positively blushed. Sir Henry's compli ments aro not goneially appreciated, fot thorp is never any certainty that ho is not in his qniot, unctuous way taking a riso out of tho person ho is apparently pruisin'g, Tho ,ex-Premior took exception to tiic policy of tho Government, which He said nothing under Heaven could justify. He uujculcu tu wit: ayoittiu ui tuxuuun jjroposou for various reasons. Chiefly because the Go vernment itself wasopposed to itsown polioy. It was by no- means a surprise to hear Sir Henry Pa'rkes say this, but it wait surprising to note tho way in which he attempted to prove it. He quoted from a speech by Mr. Copciand in 1887, in which that gentleman had said any policy which: did not provide for the taxing of -accumulated and acquired wealth was not worthy of support. " I am of the samp opinion now," said tho Minister for Lands. "Then why is it not included in the policy of the" GovcrnmeiTt'?" asked tho cx- Premior. " Give us time, and you'll get it,", answered Mr. Copciand. "Tho Go vernment does n'ot stand on tangible ground," said Sir Henry, which provolfod Mr. Crick to allude to that spectre knot n s the " Kiuma ghost." Then a littlo pleaSilut Parkosiau personalities were indulged, in. Ho said it was a good thing for the free traders that the present leader Of the Go vernment was in power. " It's a-good thing you aro hero to split up your own party," lntot-jeoted tho irrepressiblo member for West Macquarie. Sir Henry started to show that protection had-drWen Victoria to tho verge of ruin, and compared that colony with this to tho disad vantage of New South Wales. But ho did not consider free-trade or protection had anything to do with it, and; at any rate, did not pursue tho Bubjcct further than to assort thut Victoria' had Hotter soil in nar- roWor limits, . and should prosper better than Now South Waloa. Ho regards protection, lid ditid, lis a relic 6f the dark ages; when tho world nioved in a long night of ignoranc-o and superstition. And lib ventured tho opinion tiftit there wore men on tho- Government benches who would ovon now barn persons as witches. " You had hotter look out," suggested Mr. CopcUnd. " Wolf, I doh't think tho member for New England wpuld burn such an innocent person as 1 am for a witch," commented the ex-Premier. And he continued to tefer to authorities living and dead who had Written against pt-dteetion, and otiiers who died before they wroto against it, to show that no really great men hid ever given any support to the prindiplo of protection. Adam ijigiih did not give it any countenance, and it was generally known Parkes. did hot. Two great men wcro dead against it, and he wa3 euro tho country would not r'aiify it. The Government would find themselves left out if they carried their tariff proposals when tho general election came.. "You had a. narrow squeak onco or twice," diid a.rpoiti- ber. " I Always got a seat within a few days;" replied tho exjPrenifer; ' Wildrditt," cjtie'ricd S Ifack-behcEef. An jf reference, to Mr. Whereat annoyo 0ir Henry. ''I don't think tho clnes of crea ' tnres who could uso the word 'Wh'oYoat' bdlbitg to the humail family" hb sdid. Wn.cn any rijo'mb'er really h'ettlea jKc bx- leader of tho freo-trsders ho generally refers, tb him ihdltectiy as i hog ar a dog, or same animal Whioli doti not bclodg to tud liiithah family. it is his pleasant little way. j "What did General Booth say?" asked tho Treasurer after the ex- Premier . .i had quoted from jt ,fow other authori » ties. "Amen," chirmpped Mr. Alf. Allen ::i cheerily. Sir Henry objected to being asked to_ swallow the proposals of tho Government -.i without any explanation as to why hoBhonld ' do so, Mr. Crick said, " They have been talked about all over tho country for tho : i- laat six years." The ex'-Preuiier dropped in . ! one of his cheerful iittlc stories at this stage - q in support of an assertion that the member :i tor West Macqurie Would not be satisfied ' with that as an explanation, and thon rc- fcrred to the treatment which -had boon ; accorded hiip by the Attorney-General, to m whom he regarded' himself related asayonug 1 and innocent person who had trusted and j been deceived. : He referred to his eaily connection with : free-trade, and stated that ho had not rc- j ceived more than three months' education at ' school in tho conrse of his life. Then he fe« f erred to his early straggles with "bitter ; poverty," his backsliding from free-trade ! and his subsequent and final conversion by Cobden. Sir Henry grew pathetic and : lachrymose as he proceeded, and dwelt on tho unkiDdnoss of Mr, Barton, an educated man and member of the senate of tho Univorsity, in charging him with havine hoen at.nnn time a protectionist. He admitted that 30 years ago he was led astray for a time into walking with tho politically vicious in the broad way of protection. But he got free- I trade at last, and got it so solid that it took 1 the place of his religioD, and nothing would ' now cause him to backslide. Mr. Levien interjected that such a thing might happen. "Tho hon. member knows what I am likely to do hotter than I do myself," he said. " I don't," answered tho member for. Tam worth ; " if I did I'd give .you a clean sheet." "I want to know what has become of federation ?" asked tho ex-Premier. " I ask - tho arch-enemy of federation, the member for East Sydney." Neither of the members for that olectoratc replied,' and Mr. Dangar ventured to stato that tho CuBloms Duties Bill would bring about tho union. Sir Henry did not think any federation couldhe: effected unless intercolonial freo-tiado were first agreed to — a statement which- was uuuuiacu uy uuuura uuin UOU1 Blues 01 ino House. Ho thought the Government would carry their proposals, but when they did so i they would find themselves with a load of trouble on hand. Ho did not speak-as & leader of any party, nor did he claim to be any moro than any private member. He would not attempt to affect tho position of the Government if they had deferred €hd consideration of a change In the policy, of the country until after urgently needed legislation had been proceeded with. I it Bhort, he would have given them a fair measure of support as long as they did nob interfere with the policy of his Government; and proceeded to make laws uridCr frce- trade. As they would not do this he wanted to sco them thrown out of office. The Premier made a fairly lengthy speech showing that tlio action of the prflviou® Government had made it necessary for the" present Ministry to raise revenue, and tho only way in whieh they could do this Wad by protection. He denied that the peoplh had not pronounced for nrotcfttiofi, and ' pointed to tho speeches anil votCB of mern- bora in proof of tho statement that the Government had a Strong following; which had declared for protection against frie- tradc, and if they went to tho country now ' they would return with 100 protectionists behind them. The assertion by the ex- Prcmier that tho country did not want pro- - tection was, therefore, simply nonsense. A' chnngo was wanted by tho people, and the . Government were satisfied that the time ' mid come to mako a change in the fiscal policy which wonld enable the country to' pay its qcihs ana provide tno revenue neces sary for tho purposes of government.' 