THE WHITE '.SHE-WOLF. Br GIicERT CAPrBELL. " Quite well, dear papa," answered the child; "but where is the fine white wolf-akin that you promised me." " Your father did not find her,"answered Ravina, with a little laugh; -' the white wolf was not so easy to catch as he fancied. Alexis had mnovel a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word she uttered. Are white wolves so difficult to kill, then ?" asked he. "'It seems so, my little man," returned the lady, "since your father and all the serfs of Kostopchin were unable to do so." ,I have got a pistol that good old. Michal has taught me to fire, and I am sure I could kill her if ever I got a sight of her," observed Alexis, boldly. '" There's a brave boy," returned Ravina with one of her shrill laughs ; '"and now, won't you come and sit on my knee, for I am very fond of little boys?" " No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a moment's consideration, "for Michal says- '" " Go to your room, you insolent young brat," broke in his father, in a voice of thunder; "you spend so much of your time with 3lichal and the serfs that you have- learned all their boorish habits," Two tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks as in obedience to his father's orders he turned about and quitted the room, while Ravina darted a strange look of dislike afterhim, As soon, however, as the door had closed, the fair woman addressed Katrina. " Well, perhaps you will not be so unkind to me as your brother," said she ; " come to me," and as she spoke she held out her arms. The little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to smoothe the silken tresses which were coiled and wreathed around Ravina's head. "Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beauti ful lady." " You see, Paul Serge-itch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once," remarked I Ravina. ' She has taken to you in a" most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; "you have quite obtained possession of her heart." " Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her stranige, cold t smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, rrept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Ravina remained silent for a few moments, and then the woman, broke the silence. "All that remains for me now, Paul Serge ritch, is to trespass on your 'hospitality,' and to ask you to lend me some.disguise, and asist me to rain the nearest post-town, which, I think is Vitroski.' - " And why should you wish to leave this at t all "' demanded Paul, a deep flush rising to his t chlek ; " you are perfectly safe in my house, a:nd if you attempa to leave lostopchin, you t will inevitably fall into-the hands of the Sotice." .. "" Adl Paul Sergevitclhwill tell them where :hey Ce lind me ?"lquestioed Riavina, with'an \--onical inllttion in the tone of her voice.. "1 never thoughit--that is--" stammered f 1!;e tsin. " S. you never thought that t I could read' r..u, ilaiuniv." pursued the weom:nan, pitilessly.: " but it is the truth that 1 have told you, and i -uOer than remain an inmate ou! your house, I I suold leave it, even if all the police of Russia c ":1ud ready to arrent me on its very thre-' a "S !.t, Ravian." exclaimed Paul, as the 'n m;an made a step towards thidoor; I do not 'I +sy whether your reading of any thoughts.is t S.'iut .r wrong, but before you leave, listen to c :;;e. I tall you plainly that from the firet mo- I rI nt that I set cyes on you, a strange new fehng'li has risen up in mny heart--tot the cold ian;? that society calls love. but- a burning, resistless flood which flows down like molten f liva from the volcano's crater. StayRlavina, n he say wife-you are safe enough from all pur- t siut here." - " And does l'aul Sergevitch actually mean to offer his hand to a woman whose name hd'does I not even know, and of whose feelings toward I him he is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, r witli her customary mocking laugh. " What do I care for name or birth.?' re- I turned lie, hotly; " I have enough for both, d and as for love, my passion would soon kindle a hmse sparks of it in your breast, cold and frozen i is it may now be." " Let me think a little," said Ravina, and, . throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried her face in her hands and seemed plutiged int deep reflection ; "listen," she said, at last; "I. have thought over your proposal seriously, and, a upon certain conditions, I will consent to be-. c come your wife. At the present moment,'I I shave no inclination for you, but, on the other hand, I feel no repugnance for-you. -I will re- ci main here a month, and during that time I-will tl remain in a suite of apartments which you will hare prepared for me. Every eveiing I will at visit you here for two hours, and -upon your sraking yourself agreeable, my ultimate decision i, will depend." ,s " And suppose that decision should be an un favorable one ?" asked Paul. R• '" Then." answered Ravina, with a; ringing tl laugh. "I shall, as you say, leave this and take h your heart with me." . - " These are hard conditions," remarked h Paul; "why not shorten the time of proba- o ion ?" 'My conditions are unalterable," answered Rlrina, with a little stamp of:the foot; "' do d yrou agree to them or not " a "I have no alternative," answered he,s a-l. h The days slipped slowily nd wearily away, i hut Ravina showed no signs of relenting. o Erery evening, according to hier bond she spent g tiwo hours with Paul end made herself most a-reeable, listenipg to his far-fetched compli- b mentsl and asseveirations of love iand tenderness b either with a cold smdile or with one of her d msckigs lau,,hs. She refused to allow Paul to a isit Iher in her own apartments, and the only s intauder she icrmitted there, save tihe servants I sat little Eatrina, soho had taken a strange p ufancy to the fair woman. Alexis, on the con- S trary, avoi.led her as much as hlie possibly could aul the pair hardly ever met. •leanwhile, curious rumors began to be circu lted regardinm the strange proceedings of the tl lady who occupied the suite of apartments n hich had formerly belonged to the wife of the S S.ner of Kostopchlin. The servants declared as that the food sent up, though hacked about and cut uep, was never tasted, but that the rawv meat re in the larder was frequently missing. Strange at sunds owere often heard to issue from the roms as the panic- stricken serfs hurried w last the corridor upon which the doors opened, uj and dr:ellers in the house were frequently dis- hi turbaed bythe howlings of wolves, the footprints h 'f wshich mere distinctly visible the next morn- P ina, and, curiously enough, invariably in the gardens facing the west side of thie hIouse in which the ladsy'dwelt hi Little Alexis, who found no encouragement to ye wir ith Ihis father, was naturally thrown a great se ?sal amsotg the serfs, and heard the subject dis- hi rused viti tmany exaggerations. One of iisl 5o0t treasured poasessions was on old brass kx iihlted cavt-alry pistol, a present from Michlal; fa ihiahe had learned to load, and by using both tuandSo th e cunlbrous weapon, could contrive he to fire it of as many an ill-starred sparrow ciud atteiet. With his mind constantly dwel li upon the terribletaleshe hadso greedily a hitened to, thepistol became his daily compan r, roetaer he was wandering along the b tmidor of the hose or wandering through th. am :-leel.a4sl lbherig el the guadr. For a fortnight matters'went on a i this manner, Paul becoming more :and i more in-. fatuated by the charms of this strange woman. To satisfy a. whim of hers, he had, even dis missed old llichal from his oflice and forbidden: him to approach the house. But the .faithful old' servant, whose love for the -children was' . stronger than his fear of punishment, took to Swasnder at night about the exterior of tie great white houro, urged on by somoefeling for whch's he could in no wise accomat. O;e, evening, as Michal was making his accustomed tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his ear. He bent down his a head and eagerly listened ; again hoe heard the faint sounds, and in them he recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to one of the ground floor windowsa in IRavina's apartment, from which a diti :light streamed, he pressed his face against the pane and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to his gaze. I By the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw I atrina stretched upon the ground;. but her 1 wailing 'had now ceased, fdr shawl had beeon tied across her'litlo moutis. Over hier was s bending a hideous shape, w?hich 'seemed to be clothed in some white aiid shaggy covering. Katrina lay perfectly motionless, and the hands of the figure were engaged in hastily, remuvieg the garments from the child's breast. 'The task was' soon effected ;: thenthere was a bright gleam of steel, and the h'ead of the thiig bent closely down to the child's bosoim.?:: .,: With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from .his breast sprang boldly into' the room. `The creature sprang to its feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling from its head and shoulders, disclosed the pallid features 'of Ravina, a short, broad knife in her hand, and the lips discolored with blood...... .. " Vile sorceres I". cried Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in his arms i - " what hellish work are you about ?" Ravina's eyes gleamed fiercely upon the old man, who had interfered between her and her prey. She raised her dagger and Was about to. spring upon him when she cafightaight of the cross in his extonded'hand With a lows cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. \- M'Dichal paid but little heed to her, for he.was busily' engaged in. examining the fainting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was 'a wound over the left breast from which the blood was flowing;' but the injury' appeared slight, and-not likely to prove fatal. . As' soon as lie had. satisfied himself on this point, he . turned, to the .lwoian, who was. crouching beforei the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. ý '" I am "going to remove the child," said he slowly, "dare to mention a word of iwhat I have done or whither' she has gone; and I will arouse the village. Do you, know what willhappen then? Why every peasant in the place will hurry here with a lighted brand in his.hand to 'consume this accursed house and the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and I leave'you to your unhallowed work. I will no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch who has given himself over. to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to him as if she had scarcely comprehended hiin ; but, as the - old main re: treated to the window with his helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; andas he turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, hlie saw- the woman's pale face and blood-stained lips glued against an unbroken, pane, with a wild look of unsatisfied appetite in her eyes. Next morning the liouse of Kostopchinwas' 'filled with terror and surprise, for -Kutrina; the idol.of.,her father's heart,'liad disappiared, and no signs of'her couldhbe discovdred . Every effort was made ; the woods and fieldsa in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searclied but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the child for the "sake of, the ran som that they might be able to extract fromin the father. - ' Theo day upon which all search had- ceased 'Ravine glided- into the room where shb lk,.ew that she would find Paul awaiting her. She iwas fully an hour before her usual timee, and the Lord of Kostopchin started to his feet in sur prise. SYou are surprised to see .me,".said she; " but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes. I am convinced that you love me, and could1 .lbut relieve a few of the objec tions' that my heart continues to raise, I might ?yeyoirs." S"Tell me what these scruples are," cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his ; "and be sure that I will find means to overcome them." " Listen," said she, as she withdrew her hand. "I will take two more hours for conai deration. By that time the whole of the house of lostopchin will be cradled in slumber; then meet me at the old sun- dial near the 'yew-tree, at the bottom of the garden-and I will give you my reply." " But why not come back hero 1" urged he i "there is a hard frost to- night'and=' - " Are you so cold a lover,'' broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, ,"to dread the changes of the weather? 'But not another word; .` I have spoken." She glided from the room,'but uttered'a low cry of rage. She almost. fell over Alexis in thecorridor. - - - Wshy'is that brat not in bed1'' she cried, angrily. " Go to your room, boy," exclaimed the father, harshly, and the child then slunk away. . \- Paul Sergevitch paced up and down the room for the two hours that he had to pass before a the hour of - meeting. His heart was very heavy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began i tocreep over him. Twenty times he made up his mind not to keep his appointment, and as often the fascinations of the fair woman com pelled him to rescind his resolution. Now and again he glanced at the clock, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck the quarter, 1 warned him that he had little time to lose, if he irtended-to.keep his appointment. Throwing on a heavily furred coat and put. ling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he I opened a side door and sallied out into the grounds. The dark shape of the yew-tree soon rose up 1 before hIim, and in another moment he stood beside its dusky boughs. The old gray sun dial stood only a 'fow paces off, and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a white, fleecy-looking cloak. It was perfectly I motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread r passed througli every nerve and muscle of Paul Sergevitch's body. ' "Ravina!" said he, in faltering accents. " Ravina!" "Did you take me for a ghost ?"answered the fair woman, with her slhrilllaugh; "no, t no, I have not come to that yet. WVell, Paul Sergevitch, 1 have come to give you my answer; are you anxious about it 1'" "How can you ask me such a question ?" returned ihe; "do not keep me any longer in suspense. - Is it 'yes,' or 'no' l" "Paul Sergevitch," answered the strange woman, coming up to him and laying her hands upon his shoulders asd fixing her eyes upon his with that strange expression before which - he always quailed; "do you really love me, I Paul Sergevitchl T' asked she. "Love you I" repeated the Lord of Kostop chin; " have I not told you a thousandsl times how much my whole soul flows out toward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre sence, and how death at your feet would be more welcome than life withcut you ?" "People often talk of death, and yetlittle t know l how near it is to them," answered the tair lady, a grim smile appearing upon her face; t " hba tell me, do you give mJe your whole I heart I" S"All I have is yours, Rsvina,"' returned Paul; " name, wealth, and the devoted love of a life;time." 1 " But your heart," persisted she; "it is your heart that I want; tell me, Paul, that it is mine asamine oldy." . . ... K' "yes, my hesr, ii yousi, deadret Bay.., ansawered .Paui,endeavouring to,'olrlrace tho fair form in hi iipaassiured gracl?. iLr.e eii: glided-from him, and then, with a quick.louuid, sprang upon him and glared in his. face sitti it look.that was -absolutely nppalling-. lir eyes gleamed with ?. lurid: ire,- her lips were' drawn: back, showing herb sharp,: white teeth, while heor bre:ith came in sharp. quik gasps. " "1 1taii hiingry," slio murureil;'d" t li, so ha' gry;? bit i.nw,; Paul Sergeviitch, yo urreart is mined, .1ir movement Was.8 So suddeni nd une-. pected, tliat heo stumbled and fell lineavily-to thohe ground, tie fair wunlii clinging to him and: falling upon :his breast. It was tlicn that the full horror of his positionl cole oupoin Paul Sergeovitch, and lie sw his fato cl?arly before. him,' but a terrible ntiunbness prevented him froni using his hands to free himself from the hideous embrace whichli si paralysing atll his muscles.; Theo face that was glaring." into his seemed to be undergoing eoine fearful cliange, and the features to be lisilng their soeiiblance of humanity... With i: sudden,iqutick mnoviin'olt, she tore open:lhis garments, and. in another moment she had perforated his left breast with a ghastly? wound and torn out hi heart. She heeded "not: the 'convulsive struggles, which agitated the dying form of the ?iord of :ostop chin, nor a diminutive form'approaching,i slel tering itself behind every tree and bush until it had arrived to v.ithin ten paces of. the scene of. the terrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams glistened upon the long shiinirig barrel of a pistol, which a boy was levelling with -both hands at the murderess. Quick and sharp rang.out the report, and-?ith a wild' shriek, ii which there' wasn ioniothilng beast like, iRavina leaped from the body of the dead man and staggered away toa thick- clump of bushes sorie toen pa~es distint. The boy Alexis had heard thec appointment that had been made, and doggedl his father's footsteps to the trysting-place.-. After firing the fatal shbt, his courage.deserted him, irid he fled back to the house, uttering"loud shrieks for help. The startled: servants were soon in theo presence of their slaughteredrminster. but aid was of no avail; for the Lord of ]Kostopchin had passed away. With fear and trembling,. the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, and started . back in horror as they perceived, a, huge' white wolf, 'lying. itaik nsid dead; with 'a human heart clasped between its fore-paws. - 