®Uimb0. Zoo. Clear. Warm. Theatre. Cyclorama. Life worth living. Delioious sunshine. Valetta off to London, Practical philanthrophy. Barometer at noon to-day, 30-00. Broken Hill shares on the rise again. President's social at Y.M.C.A. to-night. Last night of the Reeve-Beddard Beason. A ^ad accident at Pulton's Kilkenny Works. Democratic Club half-yearly meeting tonight. Obit,—Mr- Edward Ward, a genuine Freetrader. 1... , Port Adelaide Natives' Annual Conference to-night. •"•;• Arrival of' Carl Hertz, the world-renowned lusionist. Mr. Edward Ward will write no more letters to the Register. • The Earl and Countess of Meath are genuine philanthropists. To-morrow night the Empire Company will be at the Royal. Police-constable Vaughan to have a Board, of Enquiry at last. Professor Jenks is not particularly loyal to the Melbourne University. Exhibition of Blockers' produce Town Hall Exchange-room to-morrow. Frank M. Clark, of Silk Stockings fame, arrived in Adelaide to-day. We shall hear all about Lord Sheffield's next team at the end of May. A doubtful Lord has been charged at Hobart with deserting his children. Anarchism in France is going a bit too far. All the Judges are marked men. " One of Them" replies to Dr. Wylde regarding bathing on Semaphore Jetty. Countess of Meath is a thoroughly eraoeful, practical, and eloquent lad? orator. Mr. John Hammer has imported ten magnificent carrier pigeons from Belgium. Government going to prosecute unlicensed clubs caught Belling intoxicating liquor. Sun rose at 614 a.m.; Bets at 5*57 p.m. Moon rose at .7.49 a.m.; sets at 7.7 p.m. Cavill v. Mclndoe—the contest for the championship—next Saturday at Glenelg. Lord H. Thynne has been a guest at Government House, and Bails for England to-day. Commissioner Petenwald has gone off to the Ballaarat to have a look at Deeming. Our own little j. H. Smith has been defending Speight—a jolly good fellow, he thinks. If you want Professor Taylor to read your bumps, you must bring your head with you. Silk Stockings Company—twenty performer* —to open at Garner's Rooms next Saturday. Lord Kintoro will lay the foundation-stem* of the new wing of the Hospital on April 12. Henry Taylor threatens to stump tbe District of Light on the single-tax racket. Cui boni ?. . Owing to past experience the String Quartette Club will not give any performance^ thisyear. All hope of peace at any price gone. Gawler Corporation and the Government at loggerheads.. The sale of the Hargreave jewels, which were stolen by Mrs. Osborne, has realized £1.100. The Chairman of the Moonta and Wallaroo Mining Company had not a very cheery report to make. \- The Kainhill Jury had not much trouble in agreeing to a -verdiot of wilful murder against Deeming. The swimming championship for Australia will be decided at the Glenelg Baths next Saturday. If the patronBof the Glenelg Baths were supplied with brooms they could sweep out tbe boxes. What a terrible thing to happen—a fighb between the Gawler Corporation and the Government ! The butter industry to have a fillip. An expert to come here and assist farmers by giving them advice. The Windsor murderer will not come ashor* from the mail steamer; it would be too exciting for him. Manager Lohr and Treasurer Whittington hard at work to make the Empire Company a. complete success. Gawler Corporation are going to throw stones at the Government. Wonder what the- Government will do! Tbe third edition of the Journal will sontain come interesting news about Swans ton's • arrival at Largs Bay. Tbe Thunderer sticks up for Victoria. "Things are not BO bad in the colony as thecritics allege," it Bays. The Melbourne police expect the citizens to behave as a civilized community when Deeming arrives there. Messrs. McMahon have got £500 out of a libel action. That's more paying than theatrical business just now. The Children's Ministering League WAB founded by the Countess of Meath, and now has a membership of 40,000. Mrs. Hargreave evidently could nob appreciate her jewellery after the sad part it has played in a domestic tragedy. Is it that a man thinks he is attending the House that he cannot take his bell topper off till he gets to his seat in Church ? Circumstances beypnd the control of nations, but to which they will contribute^ will restore the Jews to their native land, it i» told us. •» A libellous article alleged to have been published at the instigation of tbe Editor's wife has dropped the Sunday Times in for£,QQ damages. Mr. Edward Ward, who for yean-, contributed letters to the Register on Free Trade, dropped down dead in the Exohange thismorning. Madame Sara Bernhardt has added literature to her varied accomplishments. She has published a charming ghost story in a San. Fiancisoo journal. There is in Newark, New Jersey (U.S.A.), * sign over the street in one of the worst parte of the city—"Lodging and a drink of whisky in the morning for 10 cents." The Probable CauBB.—Brown—" What baggy, sloppy-looking trousers Henpeck wears." Brown, jun.—" I heard mother say that his wife wore his trousers at home, and I guess that is the reason." A Solicitous Employer.—Penwiper—" I would like to <ret off to-day, BIT." Head of that's all right, Penwiper; you say any more. I hope your dead grandmother will have a good time 1" An area-bell pulL The rector's wife—" And ow have you managed to pull along this inter, Mrs. Murphy?" Mrs. Murphy— "Sure, ma'am, wid the helpo' God and a few servant girls, I've pulled t'rough." Mr. Stranger—" Have you no Orphan Asylums in Chicago ?" Mr. Granger— "What need have we of such an institution X Under our liberal divorce laws every child has. more parents than he knows what to do with." There is one point in common with all cigars, and that is they contain ascetio, formic, butyric, valeric, propriomc, prussio, and carbolio acids; creosote, sulphureted hydrogen, piridine, veredine, pieoline and rubidene, and, therefore, one must not expect to get a good one for less than threepence. OBITS. — Out indefatigable antiquarian Crumbman has, after long research among the dusty archives of the past, ascertained that the tavage sentenoe of death was executed upon the famous Athenian statesman and General Phocion, March 30, B.C. 317. You may remember that he was the disciple of Plato, the disciple of Socrates, tbe disciple of the gods, and of Xenocratea the Inoorruptible. He was very eloquent, and had the temerity to oppose even Demosthenes himself when that great man endeavoured by the thunder of hia oratory to route the Athenians to declare war against the Macedonians. But when the war actually broke out, he displayed the oounge of a hero, the constancy of a Spartan, and the virtue of a true patriot, notwithstanding the repeated attempts of both Philip and Alexander to seduce him from his allegiance to h<s-beloved country. Yet, in spite of his splendid virtues and talents, and though be held the Generalship of Athens forty-four times, he wasaocuaed. of treachery, was deposed, fled, arretted, condemned, and executed. 