AMUSEMENTS. VICTORIA TBHEATRE. " The Dagworth Mystery." IN the Victoria Theatre on Saturday evening an amateur dramatio company from Lambton, assisted by Mr. J. L. Byers, the well-known actor, made their first appearance. The company, which was arranged by Mr. W. Sample has been in ecxiato?oo for a consider. able time, and some days ago they dotor mined to appoear in the city. The audience on Saturday evening was very small, but this did not deter the members from enteringinto their work with spirit and energy. A highly romantio drama, entitled "The Dag worth Mystery, or Anthony's Dream," was produced. It is founded on the famous murder which took place buany years ago on a farm near Woest Maitland, and which was brought to light by the dream of a per. son who witeesed the whole tragedy in her sloeep. The play is written in a prologue, with tour acts, and cannot be styled a first clese drama. In fact, the company would have booeen much more succesoasful had they chosen some well known composition, instead of a laboured and heavy production, as "The Dagworth Mystery" proved to be. .The plot of the drama opens in Ireland, where Wil liam Hayes, the villain, and Philip !Aonaghan are rivals for the hand of Mary O'Oonnor. They quarrel, and Hayes kills his com patitor, is arrested, and thrown into prison. The drama finade him in West Maitlend, where he has by some means obtained a farm. Hd is a villain of the most bloodthirsty type, and he murders his farm hand, Bothered Shaun, for the sake of ob. taining the sum of £9, which he has paid him as wages. Hayes buries the body in a ditch which the murdered man had dug only the previous day. He has also killed a milkmaid, so he informs the audi once, and for the purpose of gaining the run of some paddooks he murders an old farmer named Ben Cott, who was 82 years of age. This deed he accomplishes in his own house, and on the ove of a flod, so that the disap pearance is put down to a drowning fatality. In the meantimo Anthony, a resident of Maitland, dreams of both murders three times, and the ghost of old Cott also appears to Johnny Stanton and his sister, Annie, who are employed as milkers on Hayes's farm. In the end Anthony informs the polioo, and on searching the ditch near Kayes's house they find Cott's body. Hayes is arrested, and in the prison cell he confesses to the murders during his sleep. On finding it out he poi eons himself, and so the drama ends. Mr. J. L. Byers, who for the past 80 years has been a familiar figure on the Australian etage, took the part of the villain Hayes, and he made the meet of the character. Some of the speeches in the part are very long, but Mr. Byers had every line at his fingers' ends. Mr. W. Sample, as Anthony (the dreamer), was good; and as Old Ben Cott, Mr. O. Bow. den acted in a manner which would have put many a professional in the shade. The eno. oess of the evening was, however, the acting of Miss F. Bilton as Johnny Stanton. This youug lady was well supported by Miss Oarrie Eyre as Annio Stanton, and during the first act they sang a duet together. Mr. H. Smith, as Bothered Shaun and also Inspector Woods, was very good; Mr. E. Hawison taking the small part of Dean Lgynoh. This evening the company will again appear. 