THE LONDON THEATRES. From Oun Correspondent.) LONDON, 29th Aprie. ' the Comet Theatre has reopened with another' trifle bill, tho prinoipal novelty being Mr. Gilbert's Roscncrantz and Gnildcnstcrn, pub lished somo 20 years ago. ' The idea is that King Claudius was at ono period of his life a dramatic anthor, that he produced tragedy so bad that even his courtiers, with whom he had packed the house, hiBscd it, and that this failure is the oausc of- hiB chronia melancholy. Hamlet disin ters this dreary work, and plays it before tho king, who is heart broken at tho revival. One of tho querest ideas in the sketch is that Rosenorantz and Guildcnstorn tront Hani- let's soliloquies as questions put to them and requiring answers, when- indeed thoy aro not conundrums. The reply of tho First Player to Hamlet, when he, an amateur, tells tlio actor and his oollcagucs how thoy should bear themselves on the stage, is in Mr. Gilbert's most humorous vein; and Mr. Brandon Thomas as the gloomy monarch, and Mr. "Wcedon Grossmith as Hamlet, do lull jus tice to tho author. The New Sub. is a mora sketch, and it was almost impossible to mako head or tail of what the author meant ; tbo actors flitted on and off the stago like so many ghosts. But it iB not worse than most of the pieceB which arc played as curtain raisers before tho more fashionable portion of tlio nudionco have finished their din ners. But tho custom is not very compli mentary to a large number of the poorer patrons of the drama. The theatrical novelties produced since Easter, with one or two exeeptions, are not likely to odd very much to tho reputation of the British stage. A very silly trifle called Swoet Cupid's Net was produced at a Strand matinee. The Btory is oommonplaco enough. A genial old gentleman has two daughters, Rose and Edith, who arc sought in marriage by Clement and Tom, tho one a journalist and tho other on artist. All woqld go well but for n Foreign Gfiice clerk, who steals an important despntch in the hope that the blame may be thrown on Clement, but of eonrse fails. The acting wns good of the modern tea oup anil saucer style, but the whole affair appeared to mo a perfect waste of time. It was not amusing, and it cer tainly was not instruative. Another now pieeo produced at a matinic was a melodrama, Alone' in the World, whioh introduced a songand danoe actress namod Louisa Litta. Tho work remindod mo of the good old fashioned melodrama which used to bo: played-' in my yonng days, at tbo Bower Saloon-'. Tho heroine is a young Dutch peasant girl, who goes to Now York to seek her brother, but is ' abducted by order of his widow and taken to a sort of thieves' kitchen, where she takes kindly to her captivity, and sings har song and dances her dance quite obligingly. 8he makes her csoape, and, when another attempt is made to abdact her, snntehes up a sword, shows her skill in fencing, and kills her assailant. Tlio piece wsb not well received by the audieuao, for modern playgoers havo boon educated to an appreciation of hotter things. The Comedy Theatre has produced two new pieces. The Widow, by Mr. A. G. Bagot, is a rtchauffi of sovoral old fashioned comediettas and farces. Tho plot tolls tlio love affairs of a. widow, Mrs. Lena Duprez, who has two admirers, Mr. Charles Deakin and his sou Jack, and there iB a sub-plot whioh has refcreoeo to tho attachment botweon the widow's daughter, Mabel, and an artist named Godfrey. Tho widow interlards her conversation with soraps of French, a language of which her elderly admirer is utterly ignorant. So ha: ongagos a Frenoh mastor, who is of eourso his daughter's lover, who thus gets entranoo into : tho house, and so humbugs his pupil that when, old Mr. Deakin trios to tell the widow how mnab ho loves her, be oan only do so by repeat ing tho Frenoh oquivalont for V shot tho doori" The comedy was certainly dull, but the after : piece, Timo is Monoy, more than, mado up for its imporfcotione. It is smartly written by Mrs. Hugh Boll and Mr. Arthur. Cooil, and oxoolleii tly aotod. Mr.. Hawtrey is a young bar- ; ristor, Oharlio Graham, and Miss Lottie Vonvo> is n wealthy widow. They aro , very muoh iu. love with oaoh other, but he has liesitatod to say a word about his passion beoauso ho is poor. He; obtains a good appointment, and makes op his . mind to speak. He drives to tho house of his inamorata, only to find that ho has no money to pay the cabman. Ho tells him to wait. The cabman replies that he cannot, because ho has an engagement to drive alndy who always pays him double fare in order that lie may go carefully round the corners. While Graham is trying to scrow up his courago' to propose he is sorely worried by all sorts of impudent messages from tho Johu, who wants liis money— messages which he lias to conceal front , the widow, who cannot understand what iB going on between her admirer and her maid. At last Graham recollects that he has some Jubiloe coins on his watch ohain, but even they are not sufficient. At last he. tells tho tiuth to his sweetheart, who lends him the money and pro mises to marry him. "At last my ransom is paid," says Graham. " If you can't pay your 'ansom you ought not to take one,"; says the maid, who docs not quite understand the mean ing of what Graham said. The picee is slight, but it went trippingly from the rise of the our- tain to its fall. The White Rose, at the Adelphi,' by Messrs. Sims and Buchanan; is an' historical melodrama, and the scone is laid in tho England of Orom- well's times; Scott's novel of Woodstock has been put under contribution for inany of the ex- oitingstrugglos between Cavaliernnd Roundhead, the fierce conflicts between loyalty and pa triotism, and thero is of . course a love story which turns upon tho attachment of the young and valiant Roundhead officer, .Markham Everard, for his pretty cousin Alice, the daughter of the stout old Royalist, Sir Henry Lee. Cromwell appears on the scene, and is lhade far moro sympathetic than in tho novel, and his daughter Elizabeth constitutes herself the good angel of Everard,' to whom she is hope lessly attached. After ; Worcester Charles II. is saved from capture, by tho good offices of Everntd, who, but for the intercession ot Elizabeth', would have been shot. The authors have takon great liberties with tho char acter of Cromwell, whom they make a dreamer of drehms and a seer of visions, and not tho stern soldier of iron nerve and unflinching resolution which he appears in the pages of Carlisle. But Mr. Sims and his colla borates linvo written an effective melodrama, and ono with more pretensions to , literary ability than any which had . previously been . identified, with thoir names. Mr. Leonard Boyno gave a spirited and dashing . representation of tho hero. Miss Millard was unaffectedly pathotic as Alice Lee, ' and the gentle and tender Eliza beth Cromwoll of Mrs. P. Camp boll was ' a refined portrait of a lady who is little known in history. . Blue Eyed Susan is still drawing crowded bouses at tlio Princo of Wales Theatre. Some' alterations havo been made in tho cast. William is now played by a male artist, Mr. Walter Brownlow, a gentleman with a fine voice and a good presence, instead of by Madame Burton, and tho opera goes all tlio better for the change. Miss Stewart has improved greatly sinoe her first nppearanco, and although her voice shows: signs of the bard work to wliieli it has bcon subjected, her acting and daneing are. more rofined than they were, owing partly perhaps to the example of Miss Phyllis Broughton, who plays Dolly Mayflower. Mr. Plumptoh, who. is the conductor, has his 36 instrumentalists well in hand, and altogether .the opera is gain ing rather than losing popularity, although it lias now been upon the stage tor 12 weeks. 