THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OF HERNE LODGE. Bt the Earl of Desart. CHAPTER XIII. THE DUNDEE IS OPENED. Tho next day Enid Arthur did not before I left for the city ; and when I Cftine back ini tho evening was still, they told me, in her bedroom! Emily had been up several timeB, but had only been once admitted, when she had insisted that unless Enid consonted to eat tho bread and butter, and drink the tea she carried, the door should be broken in. Through tho door, before tliis, at each visit, her voice, Btrangely altered, Emily declared, had gently said that she had a headache, and was lying down. " Whou I went in," said Emily, " there she sat in the same clotlios she wore last night, as cold as a statue and without a particle of color. She nn- oituiuu. iu iv sure oi iiiuiimouous way, and as iE bIio Rjnrcoly know what I asked her, or what she was Baying in reply. And whon I wont away — for I could see I did her more harm than good by staying — I hoard tbo koy turn in tho lock the moment I waB outside the door. "What can bo tho matter with her ? It lookR liko some sudden shock or groat griof j but slio hasn't had any lettors this morning, and Ralph owns sho went to bod quite cheorful." " Owns ?" " Tos. Somothing scorns to have come over him too — ovor since 11, when she told mo sho wasn't well, and wouldn't come down. He goos moping about, and looks like a ghost as well." " Has ho been to her door ?" I askod. " Yes, twice ; but she only told him to go away. Tho second time I was in tho passage, aud I hoard her implore hi-n to have pationce, nnd that slio would hold to the bargain between them." I was puzzled ; but doubtless some sad revelations in tho manuscript bad painfully affected her, and probably perfect rest was the vory boBt thing tor lior oxcitcd nerves. F said tho saino thing to Ralph whon I met liiui, and wo passed a melancholy evening, all of us thinking of that poor girl fretting hor heart out upstairs, and refusing to allow nny of hor friends to shnro and perhaps nlloviato her sorrow. , A s I was breakfasting next dnv Ralph came m, holding a bundle of papor in his hand. " Can you spare ono day fro iff busi ness ?" ho asked mo. " Of course, if you really wish it." He was vory serious ; and I saw that tho baud that hold the papers shook a little. " I got this noto two hours ago," ho said, placing a letter in my baud. It was iu Enid's writing. " lt.vLi'ir, — I send you the manuscript as we decided. Read it — as I havo — and let Mr. Welter read it. Aftor that you will judge, and he will judge, how it should be botween us two. Do not road it hero, you would bo interrupted. I dare say you can do so either in your own or Mr. Welter's offico. EMU." " Cold, buBinesB-like, and curt, isn't it ?" with somo bitterness. " Poor girl ; bub how can we tell what she suffers — what may be there ?" and I pointed to the roll of paper in his hand. " A pack oE mad lies, doubtloss — the ravings of that poor father of hers, who, not satisfied with having made hor life a wretched ono while ho lived, pur sues her from beyond the grave with his mysterious horrors." " It mav be so — it probably is so. Let us go up to my office and settle the point. I am glud that I am also to road it, kecauso perhaps I may bo able to check any rash conduct on your part Ralph, and also because I confess to a strong desiro to know what is in it." We went up to town together; Emily telling us before we started that sho had not yet gained admittance to Euid's room ; aud ,1 never before found the little jokes and commonplace re marks on the weather and the last poli tical speech with whicli my fellow- travellers greeted me, as was their wont, so painfully hard to put up with, much less'.to reply to. Then, arrived at my place, I told my clerks to deny mo to all comers ; nnd Ralph and I shut oursolves up together. " .lack, old chap," said he, as he slowly untied the tape that fastened the bundle, " I feel as if I stood on the edge of a precipice, as if in a few mo ments r should be whirling through the ivn, wini itu uijr iiiippiiiotta— uuu you know where that is centred now — out of reach above, aud 'despair aud death beneath. " Don't be fanciful, Ralph," was my practical rejoinder ; " but remember that you yourself aro not prepared to admit the truth or sanity- of what may bo written iu this precious document. Re-, .member, too, that it is this vory docu ment— the fact of its boing whore it was — that brought you aud the centre; of your liappinoss together." " I forget nothiug, but I fear every thing." ! " Lot lis begin." . He opened out the paper, the top sheot of which was covered with writing of a bold educated typo, with a certain likone9s to Enid's, aud at tho head of it stood out in larger letters thau those following tho words, — " My confession. To be buriod with mo." He spread it out on the tablo before us, and drawing our chairs up, we began to road it together.' 