sPUmlNG. ' CORBETT v. JACKSON. And yet itiBfloobtfu! if James J. Corbett is the Champion Heavy-weight Pugilist of the jVorld. There is only One man, Peter \-- Jackson, whose performances give him the right to dispute with Corbett the title he won from John L. Sullivan. That Charley MitehelT, Joe Goddardund all the other loud. talkers would not stand die ghost of a show againBt Corbett or Jackson is the overwhelm ing opinion of the sporting world. It is a' pretty sure thing that if Sullivan could not tut Corbett, neither Mitchell or Goddard could do it. As to Jackson, his draw light with Corbett in this city gives him a well defined right to another battle to settle the question of the championship. DiBpatches from the East stats that Cor- \- bett lias made up Lis mind to give the sable fighter the coveted chance aa soon as his theatrical contract with William A. Brady ex pires. As a money making proposition it wonld be the height of folly for Corbett to enter the ring again when there are so many dollars in sight on thestage. When the pub lic has been surfeited with Corbett as an ac tor it will be time enough for him to arrange another fight. " Parson" Davies, who represents Jackson, BayB his man concedes to Corbett the . right to amass rponey for a while, bnt in a few months he will expect the Califondao tb -defend his title. Nothing would suit the admirers of the- prize ring more than to see them come to getlier again. They are -the most scientific fighters in the world to-day, and the battle, if ever it takes place, wili be a splendid ex hibition of the ingenious firig tactics adopted by the modern school of pugilists. How the. fight would end ts what the sports-are baking ««ch Otger. Taking, th«_ fight-- Before the. CalifomiacAthteUcClub 6h:M#.y,2i1il890J as cBTirterion, .it is hard for two men to agree _pu who should win the next battle. -""On that mghtr Corbett weighed -saxteen \- pounds less than Jacksqn.-.Both ixieii.dtspfey- \- ed remarksbta-eedurance,-— beaulifut ' YCteiice, ' marvellous agRity, hut were hitting powers.' They were -both in-bad cotiditiiin. -Jackson had injured one of his ankles, "arid thinking ho had a cinch on winning -the fight, he neglected his training, and indulged himself in a manner that was not customary with lnui. Corbett was a sick man when he enter- ed the ring. He was comparatively a novice and virtually nothing bnt an undeveloped youth. Nevertheless he stayed, sixty-one rounds with Jackson, and it was conceded at the end that he had a little the best of the fight. The dusky champion was very weak, bnt managed to conceal Iris condition from his antagonist. When the men met a bath-house after the battle, Corbett noted with surprise how weak and dilapidated Jack- . son really was. " If I bad known how nBed np you were I would have done for yon, but you fooled me, Peter," said Corbett. The colored mau showed his teeth with a brpad grin, and made no answer. Since that night a great improvement has taken place in Corbett. Hs is a fully developed man, big and strong. Under the careful snperviBion of his trainers his bones ..and muscles have been matured, strengthened, and hardened. The weak hands that could nothit Peter Jack son hard enough to knock him Senseless have become the stroDg fists that Ikid John L. Sullivan low. Back to the . fiBts the wrists and arms that were like young saplings when Corbett fought Jackson Laveibecoiiii through careful -manipulation at strengthening mi- cliines, -the" .bans of steeLTliat won the cliaiu- \- pnsriiip. "Itfe wind; always jgiopd, has been ' ' bo Improved that his trainers confidently' asserted that he could have fopglit a hundred rounds wuii Sullivan at the pace they were going. In short, the fJorbetc of to day, in condition, is a great improvement on the same n.B'i of two years ago. Ha- Jackson improved ? Men who have folluwed his career say he has reached the stage of life that prevents further building np. His battle with Slsvin demonstrated that Jackson has forgotten none of his clever ring tactics, and that he can bring himself to splendid form if he trainB faithfully. The improvement Corbett has made in himself pats him about on an equality with Jackson when the latter is fit. It Jackson had been in condition the night he fonght Corbett, the ring career of the ' Califoraian would have ended then and there. Now things have changed. When they meet again it will be on equal terraa. In the meantime no pugilis tic enthusiast wants to die until he has seen the battle. Saliyan's apologists say that whiBky and ' not Corbett whipped the big fellow. There are many men in thiB city qualified to judge the merits of fighters, and they unite in the judgment that Corbett could have whipped Sullivan the best day the latter ever saw. In order to whip a man it is necessary to land blows, and the judges say that if Sullivan had never drank a drop of liquor in his life Corbett could have evaded his rushes juBt as' cleverly as he did in the recent fight. Judging from the despatches received .from New Orleans before and after tbe fight, Sul livan was declared tobe ja superb fix, and flie ex -champion IrimBelfstatedthat-be £ould charge his defeat.to lacklsf proper. -trainings . — S. F. Chronicle. 3 