WELCOME TO THE REV. CHARLES BRIGHT. A public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, June 7, in the Norwood Baptist Church to welcome to South Australia the Rev. Charles Bright, who has come over from Sydney to take charge of the Norwood Baptist Church. There was a crowded attendance, over which Mr. C. H. Goode presided. On the platform were a number of gentlemen representing different Churches and Christian Societies. The Chairman apologized for the absence of Mr. G. S. Fowler, who was confined to his bed with a severe cold. He joined in the hearty welcome which was to be extended to Mr. Bright that night. The Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., heartily wel comed Mr. Bright here on behalf of the City Churches and the Missionary Society. He also wel comed him on behalf of the students present, and to come as he would be able to lend his valuable aid in preparing the young students for the ministry. He also welcomed him as a co-worker in the good work they were all carrying on. Mr. J. Hooper, on behalf of the Church and congregation of the Norwood Baptists, said it was a red-letter day for Norwood. It was not the first time that Mr. Bright had been here, for some years ago he preached in the same Church, and the im pression he left had not been forgotten. He looked forward to good work being done in the future. Mr. H. J. Holden spoke on behalf of the Sunday school workers. Mr. Morphett, on behalf of the Christian Endeavour Society, had much pleasure in welcom ing Mr. Bright. He felt sure that the Society would reap the advantage of his pastorship. He had every confidence in placing themselves in his hands. The Rev. G. Hogben, the Chairman of the Baptist Association, in the name of the Baptists, accorded Mr. Bright a hearty welcome into their midst. The Norwood Church would certainly be all the richer for the acquisition of such a good worker and friend as Mr. Bright. The Rev. W. F. Main, who represented the Pres byterian Church, said that the meeting reminded him of a meeting of a precisely similar character in the Town Hall seven years ago that night. The occasion was the welcoming of himself to South Australia, and at that meeting the pastor of the Norwood Baptist Church was one who was foremost in the welcome. He was glad to be able now to return that welcome. If the world was to be con quered for Christ it must be done by co-operation between Christ's ministers. The Rev. A. W. Wellington, on behalf of the Primitive Methodists, accorded Mr. Bright a hearty welcome as a fellow-worker in the common cause of the work for the Divine Master. The Rev. W. H. Cann, in the name of the Bible Christians, extended a hearty welcome, and trusted his ministry here would be for good. The Rev. H. J. Nicholls, Congregational Union minister, gladly availed himself of the opportunity of extending to Mr. Bright a very hearty welcome on that auspicious occasion. Mr. M. W. Green (Church of Christ), the Rev. R. S. Casely (Wesleyan Methodist), Pastor Field \vick (resident ministers), the Rev. W. E. Rice (Baptist). Mr. W. Burford (Y.M.C.A.). and the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. (Congregational) also spoke. The Rev. C. Bright, when he rose to reply, was received with great enthusiasm. In the first place he would like to express his obligation to all the ministers on the platform who had come to extend to him such a hearty welcome. It showed that all the Churches were one, although there might be differences of opinion. They all preached the one Christ — the Christ who had been at the back of all progress, and who had been the inspirer of all noble deeds that men had performed. The speaker dis coursed on the words, ' I believe in God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ. His Son, Our Lord. .... I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church.' He had never lived in denomi nationalism, but believed in the Holy Catholic Church— the Holy Universal Church— outside his own denomination. It had always been his lot to work in harmony with all branches at the Church. He trusted that in coming to South Australia he would be able to live in the best amity, and hoped that his brethren would always find him ready to assist them in the good work which they all had at heart. The work of the Church was not in meeting once or twice on Sundays to hear sermons or singr hymns. Neither was it a Society for mutual congratulations. If the Church of Christ meant anything at all it was a Society where every one helped each and all. The business of the Church was to imitate Christ and to help humanity on to that goal towards which all their attention should be ever turned. During the evening the choir rendered several anthems, and closed the meeting with the Doxology. 