THE WHITE BLAZE. Sokne : DoNCASTEii. Tuic : St. Leqkii Dat, 188:;. ' Whon wo pnrtod this morning,' suM Jookoy Bowman, ' I promisad Mint I would toll you tlio story .of John Ifowland. You shall liavo it now. Hut flrnt I must exact ono promise from you, ivud it is that. you will novor rovbnl this story to others, or in any wny nmko it publio, until nftur my doath— assuming Unit you aurvivo mo.' I guvo him tlio ruqutrod promise, nnd ho proceeded. ? 'Tins sficccssion of stranROOvnnts whioh T am about to rolnto dato thuir commonco mont ns fur back as twolvo yours ngo, noon uflor I landed the City and Suburban on Gay Docoivor, which you will romombor'wivs tho first big racn I was miccoasful in. I wnu riding at the Fiillingliiuu Whitaimtido ftiooting, and, having hud a good season so fur, lind managed to got my nnino protty woll up among tho nativcia. It was early in tho morning of tlio third day that a noto was brought me from John llowluud, a bookmaker, in which hu asked mo to ride a filly of his called Fenolla, who was ontored in tho two-yonr-oUl five-furlong swoop stakos that day. I didn't like John Hol land for many ronsous, one of which was that I liavo u keon hatred of bookmakers ns n body, mid unothor, bocnuso ho was ono of tlio worst specimens of his uluss, or to put it shortly, a rufllnii and a bully. How ovor, iu business likes nnd dislikes havo to bo put nsido. Tho man was willing to pay my terms. I was disengaged, and in thoao days couldn't afford to throw a mount away. I sent word of nccoptn.1100, When I got to the course thnt nliurnoon I lioaril that llowlnud had been backing his filly for all bo could gut on, having iiintlo a. cer tainty of winning. I knew ho -had boon htyhnrd two or throo tiinus lately, nnd wu.i theroforo not surprised, to hear this, though naturally it always makes 1110 fool a bit anxious when I know jin owner Invd heavily backed the horse I nm riding for liiin. Woll, when I got f.ln- -?:.- ? .. t :vm-1 whs going into the i»icl;l.i:i: ?- 11 ? 1 if,, Howland'a trainer, Yatus, cam ? -? ?-:?..? with n troubled look on his fa.:n. ' I'm linlf afraid of this bn.sinosn oflfow lund's,' he'said to mo. 'Tho liily has novor been out liofore; and ia just 113 niirrniis ns 11 kitten. Sho won her trial easily onough, and if she runs up to that ahn'll land ; but I don't liko tho business, and I don't liko liowhuid'ti mood to-dnv. He's boon drinking heavily. Never knew him to go 'such a rnker before, betting moro liko u madman Mum n. sano being.' ' When 1 mounted FonoIIa I noticed that sho ivas inventing freely and trembling liko a leaf. She was one of the sweetest fillies I over saw, iv bonny bright bay, with iv white blaze on hor forohoad, and when I pattod hor on tho back by way of encounigeinont shu turned hor head and gave me a look out of hor eyes that was just like that of a luun:iu being. As wo passed the ring, on our way to tho post, Howlnud stood against tho rails tugging nt his beard, and watching us ns wo went up tho courso. I walked tlio filly slowly along, putting her gonlly tho whilo ; you wouldn't believe what' an effect that patting bus upon a nervous youngster, and by the timo wo bad reached tho starter she was quite cool dnd quiet. I got woll away when tho ilag fell and at once started to make the pace as hot ns I could, for I knew that to keep her in front was my best chance. If I had let her bo collared by anything, or wailed and tried to como at the finish, sho would run 'rnon. When we got to tho furlouir polo I folt that I had them all settled-all except one. Norseman, whom George Barnham was riding. Norseman was was going strongly and easily, ami do what I would I couldn't shake him off. I pricked Fonellu with tho spur, and managed to keep her hend in front until wo reached tho sixteenth pole. Tlion I folt that I must use the whip unless I wanted to bo bo beaten, for Fenella wits beginning to give way, while Norseman was gaining upon her at every stride. I gave hor ono cut, ami sue answered into tho game bit of stuff sho wus, but George was just as quick. Beforo I could rniso my wliip ngiiiu ho had got. tho first go, and Norseman wits a neck in front. Then I plied the whip anil spur together, and the iilly answerer! every call. I got her up inch by inch, and then, right on tho post, sho pecked, from sheer distress, and whon the numbers were hoisted George had done mo by a nose. ' When I went into the woighing- room Uowland was there. Ho was quito livid with rage, stamping about the room and swearing and blaspheming in a way to mako ono's blood run cold. ' ' Tho ? jade wouldn't try a yard. I'll havo tho ? shot, by ? ,' ho shouted, an booh as he saw mo. When I was weighed I went up to him. ' ' You're wrong about Fenolla, Mr. Howland,' I said. ' Sho struggled evory yard, but met one too good for her, that's all.' ? ' ' Sho cut it, I tell you. She's a jade. You, tho iilly, and all tho rest of thorn aro in league against me. .Sho'll uover aerve 1110 tho sumo trick again. Shot aho shall be if I have to hang for it to-morrow.' ' God knows, I triod all T could to savo tho filly's lifo. In vain I pleaded with him. In vain I threatened him. In vain bogged him with tears in my eyes to spare her. I offered him two, four, five hundred, a thousand oven, nnd that was something to me in those days, to let me havo her. It was of no use. Tho devil wns raging in him. Nothing would satisfy him but that she should be shot, and he would do it with his own hand. OtheiB camo up and tried to reason with him, but they might as well have remained silent. Ho answered them only witli such curses and oaths and foul abuse that everybody cried shame on him. Then one of Rowland's men brought a gun,' which he took, and with which ho left the room. ' ' The blood. of tlint dofoncolosscreaturo will follow you to tho grave,' 1 cried. I thought littlo of tlio words thon ; I had a good reason to remember them afterward. Ifowland only grinned in reply and went out. Presently I saw him going to tho course, on the river sido, with the gun undor his arm. Walking into the paddock 1 mot Fenolla, who was boiug led away by a stable lad. 'As shopnssed me sho turned her head my way and gave quito a queer littlo cry. I went up to her nnd stroked hor neck, and sho rubbed her head against my arm. Then I felt a big lump rising in my throat, and hurried away into my dressing-room. That wus tho lust I saw of hor. ' It was after tho noxt race that How land was xceu coming back to the ring. I had not riddon in that race, but some of tho boys who did told mo that they knd scon tlio butchery accomplished, ami thrtt tho carcass was then lying up at the top turn. When Howland,camo into tho pad dock all tho lads'woro in waiting for him. Thoy got round him with hoots and groans, nnd hisses and blows, and, I believe, would have lynched him on tho spot if ho hadn't boon well protected by his own gang. As it was, it took six policemen to got him safely away. ' Tlio first news I had of Howland aftor that was that his wifo nnd only son Jiad been thrown out of a trap, which the former was driving along tho Tjinghnin road, nnd instantly killed. All accounts of tho affair showed thnt the horse, whon going nt full spood, had suddenly stopped and shiod at something in the middle of tho road, though it was known that tho road was perfectly clear at tho time. How lnnd had given up book-making after tlio Fonolla nffuir, and confined himself to placing his horses whero ho thought thoy hud a chance of 'winning. But even hero an evil fate followed him. For twelve mouths ho had to faco nn unbroken suc cession of defeats and losses. His horses wore always boaton, and, what 1b still moro romurkablo, htvnriahly by. tho samo distance — n short heud. I hud the ploitsuro of accomplishing his overthrow on many occasions, and you miiy guess thnt this gnvu ma 110 small amount of xatisfnetion. Yot tlio unvarying regularity ot tho distance by which his horses wore defeated became tlm subject of remark. Another notablo fact was that thoy always turned thoir heads right on tho post. Whether thoy were caught or were trying to collar the leaders, tho result wus the same ; when the pinch came they alwuyH fultured. Tho Inst and most striking circumstance of all was that ovory hoy who onco rodo a horso of Howhind's steadily rofusod to ride for him again. Tho highest loos would not tumpt them. No 0110 could bo persuaded to give his reasons, and there the fact ro mainoil, and Howland wn.i often hard pushed for a jookoy. This development of the situation perplexed us much, and gavo rise to a lot of talk and spouuliition. Hut thu explanation of it nil was soon to como, and in a manner for which I was least pro pared. ' This wus in tlm November Stakes of ton yours ago, one of tho lust big Hut rucos of tho season, nnd run ut tho samo' place that I havo- ul ready spoken of, Fulling haiu. I hud for a mount iu that race a lnuro called Tho Flirt, between whom und anothor mam of tho same ago, Marietta, whom Chnrlio Bench was riding, the finish wus supposed to be. Thoy had only ono to bout ; this wus u smart three-yeur-old culled Volunteer, on« of Howard's, who, I heard, had boon woll triod, and for whom tho Tyingham division woro going in earnest, terrible- earnest, so far ns I lowland, wus concernod, for it wus common talk thnt ho wus on his lu.st legs, nnd that a failure, this timo would ubniit finish him. The rest of the Held was nmdo up of weeds and platers, who counted for nothing. When the flag fell Howhmd's colt went oil' at score, and was soon out with a six lengths' lend. Chnrlio Jieaeli. who rodo Zanottn, and 1 wure sido by sido, nursing our mounU and waiting for tho loader to come back to us, as, from what I saw of him, I felt pretty suro ho would do. Bounding tho turn into tho homo stretch wo began to go up to him, but I had run hur.lly another furlong when L felt that my mare hud had enough of it. Then I called on her and made my effort. 'Give way, Fred, whon you'ro beuton,' cried Charlio to me, and the noxt moment Tlio Flirt began to drop buck. Instantly Zanetta shot out liko an arrow, and iu n flash had passed mo and gone on utter the leader. I euw her gaining on him foot by foot nnd inch by inch, but they had only fifty ynrds more to go, und the youngster wna still a neck to tho good. ' Sho'll never catch him,' I said, und the words hnd hardly loft my lips when, right 011 the post, Volunteer stopped, swerved nnd Hhied, and Charlie hud got tho mure homo by a short head. ' It wus marvellously strange. Tho track had been perfectly clour, nothing that I could see to account; for Volunteer's eccentric behaviour. Yot there tho fact was. Tho horsu had stopped and risen on his hind feet right on tho winning post, u thing that in all my exporionco I hnd iiovor seen. Evuey ono was amused, lint they were not so ninaxed us I was whun, a l'uw minutes later, littlo 'Joniiny Garrutt, who hud riddun Volunteer, eamo up to mo with a face us whito ns a sheet, and1 trembling liko a loaf. I asked him the reason of Volunteer's misha'n. ' ' Thut's what I camo to toll you,' ho answered in a frightened voice. Ho caught hold of my arm, raised himself on tip-toe, and put his lips to my ear : '?Do you beliovo in ghosts?' ho whispered. 'I stared at him for a moment without replying, wondering whother he had gone crazy. ''Ghosts!' I ejaculated, in astonish ment. ' Ghosts ! Why ?' ' * Because, I've just soon one; not a ghost liko you or mo ; the ghost of a filly.* ' If an electric shock had struck mo at that moment it could not have startled me moro than his last words did. I staggered back against the wall and lookod at him in ' silence, unable to speak or move. ''Yes,' he. wont on, his teeth chattering, 'it's true; just ut the finish of tho nice, nnd I was in front, when there boforo me, right ill tho middlo of the track, Justus though she hud risen from the ground, stood a filly with blood all down her sides. You may beliovn mo or not, us you like, 'but tho horso s;iw. her, too, when lie shied, nud nearly rolled back oil me. Sho whs gono again in an instant, but 1 tell you 1 saw her .13 plainly as I see you.' 'I think I was as white as him when I asked, ' What was the filly 's color!' ' ' Bay,' answered Tommy at once ; ' bay, with a white blaze forehead.' ' Tho words had hardly beon spoken when thero was tlio report of a shot out side, a loud cry, with n rush toward tho puddock. I ran to tho door of our room and looked out. Howland was lying 011 the ground with a pistol in his hand and a stream of blood flowing from his inoulh. ' When thoy took him to tho hospital it was found that he was not dead, and ho did not die. After four months' confine ment ho roso from his bod, perfectly 10 covered, but dumb for the rest of his days. The bullet, entering his mouth, had sliot away tho greater portion of the tonguo, and passed out tho buck of the head. It seems that tho notion of the shot hnd dostroyed certain highly sensitivo cerebral nerves, with the result that in addition to buiiif; deprived of speech, the whole of one Bido of his fnco would bo paralysed. 'That was the ond of John Howland. Ruined iu pocket, in mind nnd in health, he sunk from ono dugroo of wretchedness to another until .ho heaime a ntcocoui'KO card-sollor. I biiliove he onco triod to got employment in a stable. Ho had started life ns a ntublo-lad, but there wus no animal that, though quiot ns a sheep at other times, did not become a perfect fiend whon ho drew nigh, not one that would lot him lay a fingdr on it.' ' You said that tho blood of thnt de fcnsnless creature would follow him to his grave,' I mused, aftor a pause. 'Will that prophecy bu fulfilled, I wondor?' Thus speaking, I strode to tho window and looked down upon tho crowd of moving objects in tho brilliantly-lighted street below. From a saloon across tho road, ilaringly illuminated with colored gas jets, could be heard tho soruping of a violin coupled with tho shuffling of foot on tho sandy floor inside. When the soundB woro at thuir loudest- the half-closed door of tho saloon wn» pulled violently open, and tho littlo bont.'shainbling form that I knew so well stumbled out to tho sidewalk-. ' Quick,' I called to Bowman, who was still seated in his chair. ' Quick. Look hero.' Bowman rose, und coming up to where I was, stood with his hand upon my shoulder, grimly looking donn upon tho figure of the old cnrd-sollor. Howland stood stock still upon tho pavement, looking irresolutely up and down tho street ns if undecided which way to turn. Then, drawing himself togethor with nn effort, he started acros3 tho road. Attho samo moment a wild, frightened shouting roso in tho air, and U'o horses drawing nn ompty earriago toro madly down the street, swaying from sido to sido of the road. Tho reiiiB behind them trailed ovor their books nnd on the ground. Tho coachman, seem ingly deprived of all power of movement, laid back on tho soat, convulsively clutch ing nt tho cushion rail, lilt, donf to tho cries of thoso who saw him, the little figuro kept stendily oil its courno until it rouchod thu middlo of the roadway, mid then Ktoppod, with its faco turned toward tho j maddened brutes now tearing right down I on it. Wo heard tho ohriek of horror from tho crowd ; wo saw the horses in full gallop stop ns if thoy hnd bouu shot, swerve and rear up on their hind legs; wo saw the withered right arm uuvo as though in mocking monance to the gnthoring crowd ; then they havo jumped ovor on tho body now writhing on tho ground, down among the hoofs that woro busily beating out its life. Whon wo reached tho strectt wo mot tho crushed and mangled form being carried into tho portico of the hotel. Tho horses had suddenly turned quite quiot, and stood perfectly still and docile on tho spot from whioh Howlaud's body had been dragged. As tho moaning, twist ing figuro was laid on tho stono /lugging of the hall-way tho crowd divided so that Howman nnd I stood in front of it. Tho oigjit of the crushed nnd bleeding body turned 1110 faint and sick. Instinctively I turned to Bowman. His face was set and calm with a musk-liko composure as ho looked down upon llowlund with a 6toudy, compassionate attention. As my oyos rested on his faco the figuro at our feet was stilled. Slowly tho oyes opened and turned first 011 1110 and thon on Bowman. Tho face, dank with tho devs qf mortal ngouy, wus instantaneously suffused and distorted with a rugo thnt was hideous to behold, aud then again faded into, the gray, stony insousibility of death. Thoro wus a deop-drawn, sobbing sigh, and tho hend full back. Howland had answered my question for himself. 