Diocal aci«S (Hcncral. CulCKKT. — A match will take place or. tho show ground on Saturday afternoon next between the Surveyors' Camp and St. Jolm'3 Recreation Club. A team to represent tho latter will be chosen from tho following : — J. Arnott. W. Gallon. I. Cullon. E. Pell, W. Wallace. II. Garlnig. II. Richardson. i. urcauweu, j. ciecton. ii. *'.iuuic. -i. tamper, R. Roberts, H. Iloniliy, ana W . Dunn. Svdvt.s Death at Bowjial. — W o nro informed that a servant pirl living at Mr. J. C. llngot a, BowrnI, took nL on Snuday evening and died on Monday morning. She was buried in tlio ucw etmctory on Tuesday afternoon. The STONEQUAimv Road. — Mr. JfcCourt, I M.L.A., has been informed by tho ^Public Works 1 1 Department that with rcfcrenco to his letter draw* 1 ? ing attention to tho state of the Stonequarry-road, t near Sutton Forest, and requesting tho sum o£ i £,'00 may. bo at onco i.imieU to trustee for cx- ] pcnditiiro that 110 voto in at prcrcnt available for this road, but the question of providing tho sum named , next year has been voted for consideration in con ncction with the estimates now in course of pre paration. Pir.KOX-MATCH AT Rowi'.al. — Wc have received from Mr. W. E. H. Xcich, secretary to tho Bowral Gun Club, particulars and conditions of a grand handicap pigeon-match to be shot off oil tho Athletic Club's ground at Bowral. With their usual liberality tho club have decided on making tlio pri.-.e £100, properly divided of course. The entries closo with Mr. Neicli, and the handicaps will bo adjusted by Mr. II, M. Faithfull. Should time permit on tlio day of the match a bracelet will also be competed for. Tho liberal character of the prize, together with the well-known hospitality and good fellowship of such sterling sportsmen as Messrs. Harry B. Bond, Jack Campbell, Dick Bissaker, and Billy Neich, should attract a large number of shooters and sportsmen to Bowral. REV. PHILLIP MOSES.—On Sunday and each afternoon and evening of next week this talented talented lecturer will hold series of meetings in Bowral. Mr. Mosc3 is the official representative ot the Good Templars, Rechabitcs, Sons of Tcmperanco, and li-.-norary member cf the Women's Christian Temperance Union, and is well-known in Victoria, Queensland, Tasmania, fee., as one of tho most effective, popular, and earnest workers in the cause of Tcmperaucc Reform, Mr. Mosc3 has just closed a season of .sixteen 'lecturcs in Goulburn, whore the hall has been crowded every night, and the success achieved really remarkable. \Vc hope to sec Mr Moses visit Moss Valo. Tnr. National A SjocrATiov. — A well-attended moj-.tinrr of the National Association was held on Mcnday evening last, tho President (Mr, G. Allen .Mansfield) presided. A communication was received from the judges of tho merits of the essays upon land settlement, to the effect that thoy had not yet arrived at a decision. It waa reported that the following additional Municipal Councils had promised to co-ofierato with the Association in urging tho pissing of a Local Govern ment Bill during the present session, making a total of 7G to date — Goulburn, Lismoro, Gcrrin gong, Waratah, East Maitland and Hillsdate, The Rathurst Progress Association had also agrccif to co-operate. i'reliaiinary steps were taken, after discussion, to make 'necessary alterations iu the rules regardiug_attendanccs at council meet ings, etc. \J\j Dkunk and Disorderly. — At tho Goulburn Police Court, Henry Greeu, for exhibiting bacchic propensities at the Goulburu railway station and acting in a disorderly manner in vievr of Constable Griffiths on the previous evening, waa fined 10a or 4S houra to gaol. Defendant cald that whilo on hi3 vray irom ayaney nc cumrauteu u great pain in his leg, and in taking a little alcohol at Moss Vale to support him in his affliction he tovlz moro than v.* a 3 good for nim, and hence hi3 apnearanco in the dock. Sctton* Forest Literary and Debating Society. — On Friday evening, 14th instant, a well attended meeting ot this society was held in the Church of England schoolroom, Mr. Balfour, (president) being in thc'chair. Tho minntea of the previous meeting wero read and confirmed. Mr. Lyons was proposed and admitted a member of tho society. The spccial business of the evening which j was a debate on the subject ' should the present I system of state superannuation to civil servants be [abolished' was entcied into. Mr. Fyfe opened I in tho Mfirmntivn. Mposra. fSrUfnn. Waples, and E. Williams also sustained the affirmative side, nnd Messrs. Harcom, Stafford, and Balfour, were in opposition. At the conclusion of the debate, the chairman called for a divison, which resulted as follows ; Ayes 5, noes 4. The subject for debute for next meeting, on the motion of .-Ic53rs. Fyfe and Stafford, was agreed to, viz. 'should a systemotstatcinsurance be instituted.' — Onla3tFriday evening the attendance quite exceeded the expectations ot those who have been doing their utmost to make the meetings attractive. Messrs. SpiHcr, and Barnsicy's names were added to the list of members. After tho formal business had been dealt with, Mr. Euglehardt opened the debate aud he showed that he was master of the subject. Messrs. Harcom, Williams, and Fyfe, supported him in the affirmative and Messrs. Balfour, Waples, and Stafford were antagonistic. On a show of hauds being called for, the affirmative side again had tho majority. The subject arranged for next Friday night is 'Should a militia syste.n be made compulsory in the colony ?' Bowral Bands of HorK. — The usual fortnizhtly meeting of the Band of Hopo was held in the 1 Church of England Schoolroom on Friday night, at I which there was a good attendance of members and friedds. Mr. Foord' J.P., occupied the chair. Opening hymn, 216 ; duet ' Come,' Misses Prior1 and Rowlands ; recitation, ' We aro seven,' Dora Frost ; song, little Band of Hope girls ; recitation, S Pember ; dialogue, Florric EUson and — Wall- 1 I bank ; recitation, Walter Foord ; hymn, 'Work I for the night is coming ;' recitation. Sissy Foord ; I solo, Ada Jackson ; so.ig, by elder Bind of Hope girls, reading, John Mcming. — Uo Monday evening tho Rev. J. A. Foggon, presided at the usual fortnightly meeting cf tho Primitivo Methodist Band of Hope. There was a fair attendance. The juvenile string band of four violins gave several selections. Recitations were given by May Frost, Mr. S. Frost, and Fanny Butter. A short address was given by Mr. W. Beer. Govf.rnmknt Aid to Agriculture Societies. — Tho Colouial Secrctary'a Departmenfcgives return of a total of £01,030 as spccial grants to agri cultural Societies from 18S0 to 1892. Also the same department gives a return showiug the approximate amount of Government subsidy authorised to be paid to tho respective agricultural societies in New South Wales from January, 1879, to July, IS92, tho amount being £1SG,679. Of the first amount, viz., special grants, the Berrima Society received £22o ; Burrawang and West Camden (in 1SS4), £375; Goulburn, A*550; Berry, £200 ; Camden and Campbelltown, nil ; Picton, fciuu ; ivangaroo vauey, nu ; AJaruian, xuuu ; Robertson, nil; Wollongong, £950; Sydney, £10,530. Of tho subsidy total tho Berrima Society obtained £1800; Burrawang (up to 18S0), £702 ; Goulburn, £3435 ; Itajgaroo Valley, £12G3 ; Marulan, £G04 ; Ticton and Camden (to 1835), £551 ; Picton, £884 ; Camden, £1S5S ; Robertson, £791) - Woollongong, £3GS0 ; Deniliquiu, £S1GS ; Sydney, &12.G10. i Worms in Horse*.—1 The subjcot of worms in sheep having already been dealt with, a corres pondent asked that information regarding the best remc lies for worms in horses might also bo given. The f^lotying report was in consequence prepared by the Government Veterinarian Horsca are the I hosts or bearers of mauy l-inda of vornjs tljo caifle as othor animals. The ordinary symptoms are au unhealthy, dry s)-iu, scurvy, and hide bound. While feeding voraciously tho animals yet remain in poor condition, become sluggish at worj;, apfd loso their oplritg ; sometimes the otringhalt. The treatment will concf3t of purgatives and anthel inintico, such agents ao aloea, arcoa- tjut, cuaso, oil of turpentine, kalmala, common salt, &c.;, aro usually given. Tho dose 3 will depend upon the ago and condition of tho anlrnal, Tho medicine ohould be followed by liboral feeding. SIooul Bcttkr Eactokv.— The Sydney -7/IrtV eaya of the model butter factory at Windsor ; — The pian oi cousumjuuu ^ way in advance of anything of the kiud ever brought to a result heretofore. The cost has been— Laud, £;V20;. buildings, £120 ; machinery, £510; total, £1030. Oue cannot help contrasting tlio tiled roof and the brick buildinqu of tho ' Jersey ' with the shingles and weatherboards of some Anstraliau factories. The granolithic flooring, proof against acids, the cemented biick drains aud pavemonts, the slate butter table, tho method of receiving milk, the ' eacy way iu which the sklmmod milk is given back i to theiiuppliors aro all good points whfoh maybe' scored to tlio coura/(c, energy, and forethought of | tho company's directorate, ; To Ovkkco.me WiiAKNf-;**.— Pepper's Qniimie ( and Iron Tonic gives new life, appetite, health, , strength, energy. Cures neuralgia, indigestion, nerve debility. Specially useful in hot, depression climates or malarious districts. Everyone should 1 keep lit) strength by taking Pepper s Quiuine. tho worlddcnowu Engheh touio. Bottles everywhere — Auvrj Auction Sales. — Mr. D. Clifford announces n [ number of auction sales in thi3 issue including 12 villa and business cites corner of Yarrawa Road ' ind Argyle-strccfc ; allotment in Queen-street and I , :Dvcral lota in tho Throsby Villa E-jtatc and other I properties. Tun Scas'on'. — It ia not often we have such a ivct spring as the present. Through the vanter tho rain was sufficient to fill the ground aud an yet sufficient heat has not prevailed to create a rapid growth. The district looked aa well a fortnight ago as now, but grass i3 abundant, and all the butter factories report p. largo increase in the supply of milk. The wet weather of late has not been suitable for root crop?. Potatoes especially have suffered from the cold. Some fruit trees also arc somewhat late in the blossoming through the last week or two's wet and cold. With warm weather, which may ,vith confidence be expected, a splendid season must result, A BnfKiY Accident. — On Monday afternoon Alderman If. C. Rose, accompanied by Mrs. Rose, was driving from Bowral in a single-seated hooded buggy, aud when near Bong Bong bridge they were overtaken by a butchcr'u cart, driven by two lads in the e.nploy of Mr. J. W. Norman, Moss Vale. In attempting to pass the bnggy the cart collided with the rear of the buggy, and then the wheels of cach vcchiclc bccatnc interlocked. The result was that tho buggy overturned, throwing the occupants into the road. They were reveio'y ahaken.jMrs. Rose sustaining a blow which caused her to bleed profusely from the noso, aud was otherwise injured — so much so that she waa compelled to take to her bed. It is satisfactory to learn ho sis steadily im proving. Mr. Rose did not receive any injury, but was greatly shaken. Mr. Roso states that he was driving in tho centrc of the road, and there v»*aa plenty of room for the cart to pas3 him on either side. How such au accident happened has not yet been explained. Tun PrtoDccnoN' of Wooi- Ptrti' for News, paters. — The euormou3 circulation of periodicals nowadays has one o id effect which I do not suppose I j lias ever presented itself to any of my readers | (observes a contributor to a London contemporary). ! The great staple of paper i3 pulp made from wood. Fully SO per cent, of the paper used for periodical literature haa this material at it3 basis. Tho enormous amount of wood nscd in this way every year may be judged fr-^n tho fait that the Paris Pciit Jo'iniat, which has a circulation of over a million copies a day, and i3 printed on wood-pulp paper, consumes in twelve months 120,000 fir-tree3 of an average height of an average of Gli;t. This is equivalent to the annual thinning of 25,000 acres of fore3t. Tlii3 enormous amount of wood in required to form the raw material for a singlo paper ! I was told tho other day. by a papermaker that in Sweden, Austria, and Germany — the greatest ceutrcs for the production of wood pulp— the ques. tion of the destruction of forests wa3 becoming a serious one, so serious indeed that, unless some new material came into use before long, the printing presa wouiu eac up t nu xureaia ui i^uropo. A Ghost's Story. — Another *? ghost' story con. cern's a butcher's boy 'with elocutionary aspira tions' who took this part in a strolling company. All went well until the fifth scene of the first act, where tho ghost armed cap-(i'picin block tin, begins his dialogue with the- Prince of Denmark. 'I am thy fathcr'a 3peerit,' said the amateur gentleman in a vault-like voice, when an interruption came from the back of the gallery . ? And an infernally ugly spcrrit you are.* The ghost clattered to the foot lights and, shaking one mailed hand threateningly, exclaimed with most human and angry of emphasis 'Ircco'nise yon, Tim Muliowney, my tight cus tomer, an' by the tare o' war, as soon as the play is over and I get the armour off, I'll warm tho wax in your ears !' | An Enormous Vine. — With reference -to the : statement that the vine , at Hampton Court is the hnresfc in England, Mr. A, O. Worthington writes a Scottish contemporary to say that as far as length andsuperficial area covered are concerned the larg est probably in Great Britain (if not in the world) is in the gardens at Auchinore House, Ivil'en, N.B., whither it waa brought from Auchtyre in Gimdo chart by the then Marquis of Breadalb.n\ some sixty-two years ago. The following are its dimensions : — Trunk, 20 in., 1 ft. from the ground, 200 ft. long, 17 ft. broad, covora 474 square yards. In 1S92 — 1524 bunches, of which 6G0 are left to mature. Converting Water Power into Electricity.— At the Rhine Falls, at SchafThausen, the force con tained in running water i3 being couverted into electricity. The power is derived from two tur bines, and ia transmitted across tho Rhine, a dis tance of nearly halt-a-mile, 024 volts. The current drives a spinning mill, in which the largest motor is 3S0-horse power. Tho power is sold at £3 per horse-power of the motors per annum.' Swiss water-power is now rapidly bring utilised for eleri trical purposes. If the fall of Niagara could be completely utilised they would supply seven million horse-power, which is double the total steam and water power at present employed in all the manu facturing industries of tho United States. In the words of Professor Unwiu, president of the Mechanical Scienco Section at the recent British Association meeting, Niagara is likely to beeomo not only a seat of large manufacturing operations of familiar types, but also the home of important new industries. What of tho water power at Fitzroy and Belmorc-Falls ? Tiie Juryman's Feelings and the Judge's Opinion. — At the 6itting3 of the Alburv District ; Court on Tuesday an objection was raised by a jnry man named Thomas Plummer, who was called to j servo in a civil action. Before being sworn, Mr. I Plummer said that if Judge Forbes* estimato of him wa3 corrcct ho was an uufifc man to serve on a jury. Ui3 Honor inquired what the juryman meant, whereupon Plummer said that several years ago he was a iuvyman in an action brougfit by. Edward Whittle against the Railway Department. On that occasion his Honor characterised tho verdict the jury had arrived 'at as tho grossest over coming under his notice. He and tho other jurymen, Plummer continued, had arrived at that vsrdict conscientiously, and he was no more fit to sit on a jury now t'aan when he was a party to the verdict which hia Honor had characterised as of the grossest character. His Honor appeared taken nlmMr nr-a rntle.ivnrod to indifi.ltfl r.hnf, n indrrn might be justified in giving suoh an exprossiou of opinion without casting a reflection that would remain for all time. Plummer persisted that according to His Honor'3 showing, he was an unfit man to servo on a jury, and finally his Honor told hjm that if he wished he could leave the jury-box. This Plumper accordingly did, Holloway's Pills. — The changes of temporaturo and weather frequently up3efc persons who are most cautiou3 of their health, and most particular in their diets. These corrcctive, purifyiug, and gentle aperient Pills are tho best remedy for all defective actions of tho digestive organs j fchoy augment tho appetite, strengthen the stomach, correot biljions ness, and carry off all that is noxious from tho syatom. Holloway^ Pills aro composed of rare balsan-'£7, unmixed with baser matter, and on that account aro peculiarly vrojl &dftptcd; for the young, dolicate and aged. As thio peerless tnedioine hao gained famo in the past, so will preserve it in tho future by itt renovating aud invigorating qualities, and its incapacity of doing harm. WORTH REMEMBERING.— The attention of advertisers is called to tho fact that tho Scrntlneo* i3 the oldest established journal botween Sydney and Gonlburn. It hc-s a pircijhtion of more than four to ono over most of the other papers published in tho district. ,-/ To Darken Grey H/'/r.— Lockyej^r'Sulphur Hair Restorer is thc\\-qui;jkest, beat ,jafeot ; oosts leas, effects more thau\r,''iy other. /Tho color pro duced is moat natural.^ Lockyer'i sulphur is the only English hair restorer univer/ally soU.--Advt A Fair, Beautiful Sitnyi— Sulpholine Scr^- givos the natural tint and py-icli-Iiko bloom of a perfect complexion ; mal, ^3 the skin smooth, supple healthy, comfortable. B jlpuolinc soap, Gd tablets Every \v he re, — Ad vt. PfTBLic Notice.— Mr. Sibert, photographer, in thanking tho public for their kind patronajio, begs to announce that as ho hag weathered the v/lntor, ho has determined to remain, and his travel ling photo waggous aro now traversing tho different , districts, and will visit cycry homostead, farm, etc., | in rotation- Await his arrival. Photos at greatly reduced price3. Cabinet size— 153 per dozen, 9s per ' half-dozen; C.D.V. si?.o— 10s Gd per tfofcen, Gs Gd 1 per half-dozen. All work beautifully enamelled nnd guaranteed satisfactory. Mr. Sibert has a largo stock of picture frames and mouldings cheap at i j)|s studio, Bowral.— AovTi { 