STRANGE REMEDIES. There is an interesting paper is Chamber Journal upon 44 S&'inge DiseateR and Strange Remedies " as observed aud practised in Ire land. We make one or two extracts : — A POWERFUL CJL&LV.; Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes alone in Ireland. A story wiu uic a, au bi.iuoi lout uj &q; eaucaieu lady, the daughter and sister of a clergy man, might very well be classed as an instance of both. Wo wero discussing tbe subject of charms, and I wa s surprised to see that she belie %-ed in them herself, as did also her reverend brother. " I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself,' she said ; and told ne the following tale, which I give in her own words There wes a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his cheek. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. Qe sat a few pews in front of us, sod I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and looking for the grroteeqaeeffects of hifieuormously exaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man wa3 a frightful object. One day sot long ago I passed a man in the village street whose face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It suddenly dawned upon me it was Mr. without his swollen cbeek ! I could hardly believe my senses, end followed him into a toop on purpose to see if it really ooald be the man J had seen only the Sunday before, 60 marvellously changed in such a short time. Yee, it eerUiuly was Mr. — , no aaareBseo me nrst, saying, 4 1 suppose you hardly recognise me;1 and then he told me how he was cured. It was bv a charm ! He wslb advised to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and, after saying, 4 In the name of the Father, Sou, aud Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner plate round his head sice times towards tbe new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour had completely disappeared!" Such was the tale told to me and implicitlv believed in by an educated Irish lady. reboic jnufthtes. The lower orders of the Irish are, as a rule, rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying peculiar re medies for their ailments. A favourite poultice for wounds is a paraffin candle scraped and eome cabbage, all boiled to gether. A simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man — it was to ait with hie leg in a bog- hole &U; night. This he tried with perfect success. Hie leg got quite well ; but, as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his 41 perfect care." A carpenter, who in chopping wood had cut a slice off his shiubone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. This not healing it immediately, he put on a band age eo&ked; in Venice turpentine. As toe wound remained obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, be deter mined to be firm with it and show it he would stand no more nonsense ; so he burned it with bine stone ! He did not lose the leg ; but It did not recover until less heroic reme dies were used. A poor man suffering from inflammation of the eye caused by a thorn, had blue-stone blown in. He did lose the eye. a village tragedy. A favourite remedy for every kind of in ternal rain is hot vinecar nunnh ? indM/i vinegar, taken either cold or hot it is considered almost a specific for every thing. It must be comforting in some cases ! It is mach used For a "squsezia on the hart," which is the com j monest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in cases of siolmess, either with nursing or good advice ; hut I fear in most cases the remedies prescribed are far woree than the disease. A village tragedy occniredin my own knowledsre. A vounw blacksmith, whose wife had presented him with their tint baby, was horrified to find ! that the infant had been born with teeth. So unusual an event must be unlucky ; so tbv poor baby's teeth were drawn by the un skilled hand of the blacksmith. The baby died ; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the cene, died soon, afterwards. 44 But sure, he'd never h&vo; had lack or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew." The following epigrammatic quatrain was written by a baohelor poet in a lady's album All honour to -woman, the sweetheart, the wife. The delight of the Preside by night and by day, Wbo neverdoes aoytiuog vron m her life, Sscept when permitted to have her own way. 1 