The light which we have recently let in on the liailway' department has proved intol- erable to the authors of the abuses there. This is quite natural; and were it not that imperious public interests sternly demand reforms which cannot be delayed, we could sympathise with Mr. Speight's frantic efforts to conceal the ruinous incompetence with which he has stricken a great depart- ment. There is no doubt that the infor- mation which we have recently obtained and laid before our readers concerning the unmeasured extravagance of the railway Commissioners has given a shock to the public understanding. It has been made clear that in three great items the waste has been on a scale of mammoth magni- tude. These are : — 1\. The extravagant mileage of trains. 2\. The enormous increase of working cost. 3\. The waste in stores and material. We need scarcely say that every avenue to information which the commissioners could command has been from the first carefully closed to us. Our representatives have been checked, baflled, and denied at all official points, just as if the Chief Commis- sioner, instead of being a servant of the State, was the actual proprietor and auto- crat of the lines. This, however, neither surprised nor deterred us. Mr. Speight has always resented every attempt to get more information than he chooses to put into his annual reports. Mr. Shiels, the political head of the department, was kept at bay all lost year. He had not been a month in office when he had to make a formal demand to know "the reason of the "delay" in giving him the information he sought. Again in, February, 1891, he repeated his complaint; and in the April following he wrote "I am still without " tho return asked for in November, 1891." As things wont on Mr. Speight grow closer than ever, and actually shut the Railway Minister out of tho Kail way department. It was a unique situation when in May, 1891, Mr. Shiols wrote : — From onuses lenown to nnd crested by tho Commissioners I am forced, nt tho cost of great diflioulty nnd expenditure of timo, sovoroly taxed by many other duties, to gather my data for calculations and comparisons solely from reports, returns and payors presented to Fnrlia- mont. This, however, had no cflect, and in another month a further Ministerial pro test went in : — Tho Government has been forced noodlosaly to wait mouths for returns and information nccoBsary for both you and it to havo promptly, in order to effect reforms and retrenchment. This led Mr. Speight to deny that he had 11 refused information or neglected to supply "any asked for." Bub the fact of tho blockade was still maintained in Bpite of tho denial, and the Minister wrote again in July : — To wait month after month for information urgently ncedod by tho Executive-— in July to bo without what was asked for iu November- ami repeatedly since, is proof of a most marked reluctanoc to give tho Government the assist- nnco whioh constitutionally it has a right to cxpoct, if not legally to cxnot, from those at tho hoAd oi tho largost department in tho State. Your dHatorincss and extraordinary waut of punctuality iu furnishing returns anu other in formation have put tho Government to grave inconvccicnco and omb&rrassmcnt; in the ad ministration of public affaire, and it becomes my dutyto place again on record tho strong view whioh the Government entertains on this subject. Auda few weeks later ho emphasised his experiences thus : — I have never previously had, in tho course of eleven years of publio life, to encounter such baflllng and incxiilicablo delays as havo been my infelicitous fot in ttu Railway depart ment. Such being tho mannor in which tho Railway Autocrat treated Ids political head, it is no matter of wonderment that all our inquiries were "balked," as Mr. Deakin complained tlmt his Government was balked. But Mr. Speight miscalculated his capacity for resistance when ho thought ho could stifle an independent investigator in search of information ns easily as lie could put the extinguisher on official curiosity. The official figures, denied to us where wc liad the right to seek them, wo havo obtained, ds Mr. Sliiels did last year, through scattered documents and in less formal channels. The facts we have brought to light are no doubt so utterly damning that ic seems impossible the men responsible for them can officially live. These facts consist of -masses of details all leading up to three main conclusions ; and from those conclu sions, whatever slight, variations may take place iu the detailed evidence, there is no possible escape— first, that wo have to run three and a half million inoro train miles in Victoria than are run in New South' Wales to give tho State about tho same not receipts ; second, that the working expenses of our system, through overmanning and abnormal salary increases, have grown to an unprece dented and intolerable burden ; and third, that tho waste .and wear aud tear in the stores and the locomotive department have become a shocking example of maladminis tration. Mr. Speight has sought to hide away the gravity of these undeniable facts under a cloud of pretended denials in tho columns of his journalistic apologist. A moment's reflection will show that those deninls amount to nothing at all. They are put forward under no signature, vouched for by no authority, and published without tho slightest responsi bility. .When, .we sny in.specilic terms that a ruinous bargain for the State was made in Mr. Alison Smith's, department, the" journalistic advocate of tho Commissioners replies, that Mr. Smith says ho has " mailo " no bargain of tho kind." And this sort of stuff is put forward as an answer to our precise and specific revelations. A man is charged with a grave offence; a friend of tho accused comes forward and says that it isn't true; and the public are solemnly asked to consider that this entitles the accused to a verdict of acquittal. Wo have shown, for example, that the cost of tho Locomotive depart ment has gone up all round from 16.56 in the period before 1883 to 19.94 under tho Commissioners; and this definite fact is supposed to.be got rid of because some body writesrfchat.Mr.; Alison Smith has told hiiii that there are "large economies in the " loco, branch.'1 It is very; -curious to remark how this soi'disant " Reply,1; without a signature and without authority, when examined a little, ci>nfutcsutitself, and, makes out our main accusations. We stated that tho increase of salaries was something which in itself condemned the Commissioners. The apologist? ;>aduiits tho whole of that contention in trying to refute it, when ho says—1 "'The salaries over £300 a year in " 1883 amounted to £69,000 ; they are now " £107,000 ; and the salaries in 1883 under "£300 (including clerks receiving £45 a " year) amounted to £50,000, whilst now " they are £128,000." Hero is a plain admission, if we accept these figures, that the salaried officers have been doubled, from a total of £119,000 in 1883 to £235,000 in 1892, And yet in tho vory next paragraph of . this " Reply," the clumsy scribe forgets himself or his instruc tions, by stating the total present salaries are only £208,000. We need go no furtherthan this :touxhibitthchopelessmud- dle into which the concoctor of this so called "Reply" has fallen, when in the space of half a dozen lines ho varies the amount of salaries by £27,000. But we may take one more example. We stated in a fqrmer article "It seems little short of " miraculous that in a country where the " people possess business aptitude and a " keen appreciation of their own interests, a huge and rotten system of railway man- " agemcnt should havo been permitted to " grow up and flourish until in less than " eight years it saddles the colony with a "deficiency varying from £250,000 to "£500,000 annually." To this we are told " Tho Commissioners point out that " daring the seven years period before they " took office the loss ranged from £84,000 " to £285,000 a year, the total loss V for the seven years being £1,095,000. " During tho Commissioners' seven years tho loss for the whole period " amounts to only £510,000." If Mr. Speight really inspired these figures, it is impossible to acquit him of an intention to deceive, inasmuch as it has been pointed out to him that tho reduction in the rate of interest during the Commissioners' period amounted to about £1,000,000 as compared with tho previous period. Had the Commissioners been charged with a rate of interest as largo as their predeces sors, they would have been at least another million'on tho wrong side of the ledger ; or to put it conversely, had the political management enjoyed tho lower rate of interest, there would have been no deficit at all before 1834. Once more, we find that, driven into a corner, the Commissioners now admit that in Decem ber, 1889, they had 15,569 employes in their pay, as against 8838 in 1883; and they also admit that, whereas tho average salary in 1883 was £118, it is now £139. In these broad facts, while pretend ing to make much of varying our details, they plead guilty to the whole case against themselves, and leave us nothing to answer. If anything indeed were want ing, amidst the accumulating evidence of tho Commissioners' utter incompetence, to further prove them unfit for their high posts, the fact recorded yesterday as to their tardy amendment of the Ballarat freight rates would supply it. They now admit that they have-been carrying guoila to Ballarat for 26 milesficeof chargoin order to bo consistent with a regulation of their own making, and which they had not the business capacity to roviso till Mr. Wheeler compelled thorn to do it. And it is tile same all round. They are as men suffering under a sort of paralysis of the judgment, incapacitating them for dealing with plain business matters on a business fooling. Standing as they do in a position "which entails tho dealing with enormous interests, this is a daily peril to tho State, justifying the language Mr. Shicls made use of to them in his letter of last June, when he said, in terms terribly incisive because of their absolute truth— "Tho Legislature " which expected you to bo its guide to " safety, found you instead a lure to " danger." Mysterious as tho Windsor murder appeared when tho hacked und battered corpso was first discovered, there is now every likelihood of its perpetrator being speedily brought to justice. It would indeed bo a reproach to tho polico system of a modern civilised community if ho escaped, for a greater bungler in tho work of assassination could scarcely be found in the annalB of crime. Had his object been to identify himself with tho atrocity and pro vide tho Crown with a multitude of'.wit- ii esses ready to hand, lie would have hod difficulty in selecting a conrso better adapted to attain that ond. Two months before the crime was committed, and when, as appears probable, lie had it already in contemplation, he sob off on a voyage in the company of lus intended victim, nnd thus subjected both to tho close and con tinuous scrutiny of a largo number of curious shipmates for a period of six .weeks. Arrived in Melbourne, he made it his business to court the notice of as many persons as he well could during tho brief space of nine days which would seem to havo elapsed before ho made away with his hapless companion. By this means he became known to hotel waiters, porters aud chamber maids, to storo- men and carriers, to houso agents, auctioneers, shopkeepers and laundry- men, and lastly to the neighbors around the cottage which he turned into a tomb. As if all this was not enough, ho disposed of the dead body in a way that, in a climate such as ours, ensured an early proclamation of its whereabouts. Had ho knocked his victim on tho head in the public streets aud run away, thero might havo been greater difficulty in shooting the crime home to him. A malefactor cursed with an intellect of such impene trable density is not likely to have made his exit from tho colonics, and not'many hours more should pass before lie is reported safe iu custody. Possibly additional inter est may be accorded the inquest to bo held to-day by tho news ofhis arrest being simultaneously announced. Notwithstand ing the dictum which Hamlet propounds, that— Murder, though it havo no tongue, will speak "With most miraoulous organ, tho records of the lost decade are suffi cient to demonstrate that many a life is foully sacrificed and not a trace left to subserve tho cuds of justice. In our day ghosts arc less communicative thnu they appear to lmvo bccu at the time when Shakspoaro wrote, and horrors which shock tho world's moral sense transpire without any spirit hand being raised to point the road to retribution. AVe bavo to rely on the astuteness of detectives rather than on the communicativeness of departed souls for tho coil of evidence which helps to bring villainy to light; and this has fre quently failed us. ' But if every murdorcr would act as this latest ono has done, and stupidly twine around himself so Com plete a network of testimony, . there would need no ghost coino from the grave to enable tho gall.ows to get its due. Wo have no desire to depreciate the ability of the Melbourne detective force, which has been frequently manifested in cases tar more subtle than this bids fair to prove, when we point out how.materially their labors are aided by tho prompt pub licity accorded the particulars of a nefarious crime through the agency , of tho Press. Had the police been left to ferret out for themselves tho numerous witnesses who have proved of such material assistance, weeks instead of days must have passed before they had gained tho knowledge they now possess, and it is even doubtful if it would have been attainable by any secret methods. Tho profuse details given in the columns of a widely circulated paper virtually turn tho whole community into detectives where the cause is of so iiagrant a character as to rivot public attentiou, and impel everyone who can add a grain of evidence to the heap to voluntoer his or her contribution. In this way the body of the murdered woniau lias been promptly identified, and the aspect and doings of the miscreant arc as well known as though ho had kept a diary and sont it to the polico along with his photograph. 