EAGLEHAWK. Sunday, Oct. 2. The borough boa during the last week been in a state of great excitement over various matters. Just now there is a ghost story. Tho “ ghost” has located itself at that quiet and so well conducted place called California Gully. A few evenings ago n number of youjig jods and lassos wore on their way home f from. , aoroo evening class or prayer - mooting,ii they we£o attending and “ billing and. cooing": as young pdoplo j»i £ wont to. taking a short cut up a laoo to reach the back road, they wore. surprised to sec a weird, white object run up out of tho ground, and, assuming > gigantic size, glide towards them. Tho girls with piercing screams £l)at awoke tho whole neighborhood quickly retreated and: loft the ghost to return to tho silent plaoo. from whence it came. Some of them not recover from/. the fright for several days. Constable Harris has an eye oh two parties, one of rthottf boia nearly Certain played tho foolish prank. •. Another ghost story, hut * not this time at California Gully, is also told. At'tbo time it caused a groat fright to two of bur' Eagle- hawk gallant ujon jn. K bJue,”- The wife and. family 'of 6nfe of tbp constables were away on a holiday. ’ Ijd £oo|j nrpi}j)d Ws onate on pighl duty.fco spd O9l jhqig§ wy alright, on comings close to, tbfe boUBh could boar a peculiar noise about, . the plaeo and at onco a suspicion of burglars rushed through their minds. 'With batons and hand cuffs but they secretly approached the house. - Getting near the fronts itaps.qf. the verandah they wore surprised to see a big white object, rush botvyoon thorn, throwing them backwards with fright.. Then a white cow-made her exit by the gatp they had left opon'behlndtheln. V£n regained their s.ohsotf. Onq tthftf' - &gkod; ; otqop l)o\y he felt,' and received life f;eij|K !f Mighty qiiopr: .as if p hMfct of so)d wiftec hpq h eon POuroq dowrj njy.hacjf. 1 thong?} I It was a ghost- ” Tbp gQ\y fpraging qljqgt tho verandah amongst the pot plftnp?. . ■ ■ ■ About 5 o'clock last evening- -a sensational accident occurred at the South St, Mungo and Lady Barkl y. crushing battery. . A, young lad aged 10 years, son of Mr. Joseph Lent- hall, licensee of .the Lady Barkly Hotel, climbed up tho .poles that carry the shoots from tho sand pump, about 30ft io height. Whilst playing about on, the top ho foil off, a distance gs before stated, 30ft ,He sustained concession df ; the kpjnc and a serious shook to the system, • Hti is? under Ijr. McKee’s care. 