STOBYCOLDMH. A LIVING LIE. The Stopy of a Qouble Life. By LILY : TINS-LEY, OF "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." Author of "A Day op Reckoning," "In the Ring," "The Child of the Shadow," " A London Seobet,"" Cousin Dice," "Blaokwatee Towees," &o.; AM. Queensland Riohts Reserved. PART FOURTH. Chapter III. — ( Concluded .) A moment more and the hulanoe -would for ever have been aet upon the aide of villainy indeed. A moment only, for as the little blind girl took the first atop which should take her from her father's house — from safety — for ever, the scale suddenly shifted, at first beneath a feather's weight only, but who was to know what in the end might be the weiehine now ? The end came swiftly — the storm short and sharp, as a tempest ever is which is long agathering. It was Loo who stood this time in the path of his bride — his no longer. At one glance he who had been so helplessly,, hopelessly blind till now, saw or thought he saw the whole plot of the man who pretended to bo his friend. He . never doubted that his flight was but half the prioe of the Bafety of the little blind girl's unhappy father, and that the other half his ohild was about to pay. "What could he say or do ? Nothing — absolutely nothing. "Words were useless — they would have died on his lips. Hot a foot, nor a hand, nor so much as a finger, could he stir, thohgh every nerve in his body was strained in his desire to seize the slight form of his little love in his arras and boar her away to the other end of the earth, if need be ; to hold -her in a grip which should defy even death itself. But though he stood thus, as it were, turned to stone by one of those strange instincts of blindness, the girl was not only aware of his presence, but to the full understood how it was with him, though, of course, unaware of the true cause. And she, too, sajd nothing, theugh it was no lack of words nor the will to speak which prevented her. There is another figure in the pathway — Madge — not a sign in her face of hate, much less triumph, only in her hand the clue which put it doubly out of Royal's power to save or to lose a second wife — the first marriage certificate which, day and night, all through, had never left her breast. But what availed this turn in the scale when the next moment thB whole mys tery was laid yet more hare to the light of day. The trackers of the escaped author of the confession were upon him . Scarcely recovered from the wave of joy whioh reversed for him and Royal the posi tions of master and slave, Leonard Ferret, turning, faced hie father. But us only for a moment the lad and the villain changed places, to return to them again with this new turn of affairs, so once moro it seemed Royal would triumph. Ere lis could lis seized the old men's companions, who stood respectfully at the French window by which they had en tered — waiting for orders — Leo sprang to his side and claimed his attention in a low earnest whisper. ' Mr. Ferret, grant me a word alone. , I have something I must say to you.' The old man turned his eyes away from the faee which had so powerful a fascina tion for him, and shook his head sadly enough. But the lad would not be gain- sayed. ' For Nellie's sake — she is blind and this will break her heart. For my sake — as a dying man — for the sake of my— my dead father — for the soke of — your son who may be yet alive, and in need of even greater mercy than I.' It was every plea that he could use, and the last won him his way. And then the trutli came out. Hot from the unhappy lad's lips. This, the greatest plea of all whioh it seemed could' not fail — was indeed at last upon his lips. But his great self-saorifioo was not to he shadowed by suoh a stain. Another voice did tho telling, that of. Madge Royal. ' Not for the lad's dead father's sake, but for your own — not for your son's sake, for he oan he in no greater need of mercy than now.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Andrew Ferrety the question needless, for, in a flash his wilful blindness fell ' away from his eyes, and he knew the trnth. 'Oh, huBh, for pity's sake!!, gasped Leo. But she oould not' he silenoed. 'My. hoy! My boy! At last! And with an almost tigerish, hound Andrew ' Ferret clasped his son in his arms. For a moment tho embrace was returned with . < a fervour which inoreasBd the long stored 0 up wealth of love. -. Then a new voioo broke in upon the silence proclaiming the truth yet further. ' Leo — yon his son and his prisoner ! ' It was Nellie's whito lips from whioh the ory came, and as she spoke she put out her hands to go to her lover in his pain, \- .But for once, in this her sorest need, , her Instinct seemed to have deserted her, and with a half -moan, half-sob of anguish she ... made the old gesture which had so often ' cyt/hor father to tho heart, as if with her . hands sho would try and tear away tho " 'darkness like a natural veil or pall. Ho one savo Itoyal of those around her understood the meaning of it. He did, too well, But ho did more — he was sot to answer it as bent ho could. There was but one way, Since not half the truth i . . could save her tho whole must he told. He would tell it. ' \- But ho was not allowed oven to do this. a . . : . "Where she had stood drooping almost to the earth undortho weight of tho dreaded mystery the littlo blind girl suddenly reared up, no longer plucking at tho ' darkness upon her with her nerveless i; . ' fingers, hut pointing with a still hand to < th-a true murderer. , 'No, Leo, not you ; 1 not you ; but you.' In amazomont thoso around her gathered round to know what it Oould jiiC'ciii, Ono of thorn alono did not need to know ; did not stir. She' could not. Ralph Royal krfow that this was no chance which had turned against him, a miracle and nothing less it seemed had been performed in his destruction. Nellie Huntingford was blind no longer. Her eyesight had been given hank to her, and not now would the innocent suffer' for the guilty, tho punishment of whom it would, it seemed, be hoyoud mortal means to award. That punishment was indeed not left in mortal hands. Convicted out of the mouth of the woman who was all but an angel to him, he reeled slightly, and then fell like a log to the floor. The hand of mortal justice was upon him on the instant, but there was one quicker still. The wife was true to her wifehood in this the terrible end of all hopes — her widowhood. Sho had done her best. Her task was taken from her. Sho, too, fell down — not dead, but beyond nil power to call her back to reason. But this madness was strangely kind, for in it the truth was all reversed, and she had .in fancy the happiness she had never and would never have known anyhow else. It was upon this strange scene tho Rat appeared, but when ho came to sot the seal on all that he could do by parting with his ohild for over, he found no need for his self-sacrifice any longer. Yes, Nellie was safe. And his Becrot too. Chatter The Last. 0 The Rat's secret was safe, for. though free from any shadow of blame Leo would gladly have made a olean breast of the whole affair to his father in their re union. Sir Lawrence begged so hard in Hollio's name for the true identity of Royal's victim to remain as ever unknown, that tho young man, in the knowledge of His all but completed self-sacrifice,, could not find it in his heart to break the pro mise he had given, none the less that it had been given originally for his own sako. To carry out the desire was easy enough, for not only did Royal's death obviate any further probing of the matter, hut Hellie ovon in actually seeing her father never for a moment gave Mr. Ferret any clue to the real mystery. It should be said that the recovery of her sight by tho little blind girl was not so miraculous as had at first appeared. The liquid poured upon her eyes had been filtered through the cloak, and so, in lieu of entirely destroying the Bight, merely obscured it for the time. Hellie herself confessed afterwards to a strange sense, what she called ' the light coming back,' whioh she had kept seoret at first in her fear that it was, but a false hope,' and later, when the illness of her wedding morning hod doubtless accelerated the complete re covery, in on even greater one lest she should be called upon to denounce her lover — than which sho declared she would herself have destroyed the hope again herself, and been in darkness completo for ever and ever. And Leo, for one, did not doubt she would have kept her word. Yes, the secret of the deception was in deed safe. But at what cost ? Is it guessed ? In part it may ho, to the full it could not, it is impossible. It was in deed what the deception imaged — a living death. Yes, a living death. The man who was dead yet lived. The man who lived was yet, if not dead, dying, the most terrible of deaths, by inches, and with his life in his own hand. It was ono lovoly midsummer day that — while within the house was such merry making and feasting to celobrato his latest honour — the master and new-mado dignitary, set out on his journey which was to have no end. How he reaohed the shore he never knew. JU.is hand was puliing wildly at the rope which hound his frail hark to . the shore. "Wildly; for every moment was preoious to his design. . "When What was it ? " Was it death already come? Or, if not, surely his senses were leaving him? How else could it bo? Thoro in 'his path was — was it his shadow or a ghost ? — and in his cars a voice whioh be alono could not mistake for his own, saying the same old tones, 'Cousin, I was coming to find you. You have won enough wealth and honour for me as yourself. For future I will bo myself, and you ' No, it was not death nor yet a dream. Tho strangest chance of all had come to pass. Lawrence Huntingford living, and yet dead— had never died at nil that night. Guilty haste had done its work,, and the great London river whioh hides so many mysteries had given up this one to make the substance of one stranger still. It had been a fiendish plot to revenge. Knowing from tho experience of those boyish days what it had cost for the like- ness of hi» crippled body to be assumed, and the double trapping it would be to discover, tho deception at last,-' the dwarf, risen, tyAjt wero, from the dead, had planned to hide his time, to wait his opportunity. But now the time had como, and tho opportunity, and — — Yet strangest of all was the ohance whioh defeated- this last net of treaobery. Last — for death was not to bo doubly cheated of his proy — doubly, for as Lawrence Huntingford fell, dead upon the shore— rearing upright In tho sunlight before the whole world, as it wore, as it would he — the Rati-knew that the balance of fate had turned in time to save him. There is no. need to detail how he pro fited by this turning, to the delight of his ever devoted ohildren, who loved tho tall,, upright " unole'! no , less than the crippled father. It must suffice that when tho day came that in his o wn right, as Lawrence Huntingford's heir he became head of the, fqmily, not oven Andrew Ferret eyer ' Bmelt a Rat.' , . The End. 