A Five, Hundred Dollar . c Ghost. Before the construction of Cuban rail roads, the journey from Santiago to Mlan zanille, over the passes of the Sierra Maestra, was made in diligences-first cousins to the lumbering vehicles that still carry summer loads of tourists from gay Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo, and the bones of the unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in one for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autumn day, somewhere back in the sixties, the American mail had lauded its contingent of letters and traders at Santiago do Cuba, and toward evening one of the bulgy and dusty conveyances mentioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the HIotel do Cortez, loaded up with passengers and post packets for f the interior.. It was a stormy sundown. OU the face of the round globe there is not a more over-estimated stretch of water than the Carribean Sea, nor a greater delusion than that universally entertained by persons who have had no dealings with it as it is always smooth sailing there. It is Bay of Biscay and British Channel combined,' and the wildest gale in their waters is a summer breeze compared with Carribean tornado.. Such an elemental :pastime was rising outside Santiago hliar '-bonm:on this:,eenilg," and our.diligence, ' ihtlits :'iaked :iiiud tasel-hiattcd driver screaming to hlis team of mules, its dozen inside passengers packed like sardines in a tin, and its majoral (conductor) swinging precariously, with dangled legs, in the leathern luggage cover, was followed up the steep and pebbly streets of Santiago and far along the defiles of the Sierra Maestro by the thundering swell of the Carribean Sea. It overpowered the cease less crack of the driver's whip and the music of multifarious mule bells; it drowned the conversational attempts, and deluged with white dust the twelve wretched "insides" ; and it even closed the loquacious mouth of the nmajoral him self, a personage who, like our old post con ductors, was always stuck full of anecdotes and ready to empty a pleasant glass with anyone. Little by little, as the diligence wound up and up, and deeper and deeper into the heart of the mountain, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened by beating against wall after wall of limestone ; the roar sub sided slowly into fitful wails, and at last even these expired. The storm, succeeded calm-calm so profound as to be uncanny. The highest point of the pass was nearly attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip, for the way wound along the edge of chasms where there was scarcely foothold for the mules. Out of these deeps issued from time to time the weirdest and most unearthly of sounds. A rude cross caught the light on its naked arms as the coach lnmbered by, and the majoral, who was following on foot, as was his custom in steep and stony places, crossed himself piously. "An Americano fell down the chasm.here," he explained to a passenger whose curiosity was excited. "And his ghost haunts the spot, of course," subjoined a flippant fellow countryman of the deceased. "Every hair casts a shadow, senor," was the reply, unusually laconic for a majoral. Out of this episodic fragment of talk grew an animated conversation, with a sensational end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to howl, and dust to fly down open throats, ;the tougie of the twelve passengers bogan to wag, and by the time the dangerous point in the pass-also the highest point -was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mules, the insides, with their conductor precariously poised on the footboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens and ghostly tokens and afritee of the mountains. The inky hue. of the cluuds overhead, and the Egyptian darkness of the defile downl which the diligence was rushing with dreadful celerity, predisposed the mind to dwell on images of mystery and terror. Mlartias, the rmajoral, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cuban, wittily superstitious and solemnly con ceited, had a well-padded story of rue or wonder for every turn of the road. " At that angle we have just rounded," said he, "was found seven years ago at the season of the Amnm'nciara an abandoned calesa (postehaisel, empty and blood-stained. None of the -,entes (inns) of Santiago owned it; none knew how it came there. But the diligence making its next bi weekly of the Suanta Folisa Pass journey, was met by two slectres-a man and a woman-each'with a bleeding wound slit on the left breast. They rose out of the gorge-there where the mules plunged -the isrutes remembuer it to this day, my senors-anld the male afrite thrust a knife into the breast of the female, then into his own lbreast, after which both vanished down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Then we knew there hlid been murder and suicide-thus much, but no more. For though diligent search was made at the foot of the precipice, it was unavailing. The spectres returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's son in all Cuba knew whence they camne or who they were. Thus things vent on till next Anzunciata. Then cane the Padre Vinez out of the Jesuit college at llavana, with four collegians, to make a sojourn in these mountains. What knowledge the lads should gather here--God andl the learned padlre alone wut. I plied with questions mine hostess of tihe v"nar where they lodged, but she laugied. ald bade Iue mind the mules, and1 she would mindl the geese. Well, tile strange conceit whatever it was-that brought them up here bore fruit they looked foe as little as we. Up among the peaks of these miountains, cand noiwhere :ls i in all the Antilles, there live-- ce : .. m.ore, that inky spot overlead--Je.?si tilhai, cry ,:mly a woman in alguish ;:aI a dev il-lirdld c.:n shriek like that .lt,: .-r eontls ares irisoned in their vllture v ,,ii.s" (deviil I irds, like owls, only fly (Itmd, .t d i-iat), "but only in the hoos i .lf trkne:-s. may they give utterance to lihir :vi. The ,A.vil-birds live anl bl'treel :atlOll tihe high' e- ags of tile Sierra Matr- ra. 1Ve Itaus Iv:rer shoot them. 'The worli is evil e::ough without .etti::: ,li.,:el soals h:lse in it. But ia "?nI:g .!,ci/ , i alelullg tl.e padre's pupils ar:a thi ri k. (One morning he Ibrought la,.' to lI,: t',,/-, a de'td devil-bird thlt he had killsl in the ..ht. Mine host was f,,r ihavi)g it 1 rinkled with holy waler and buried in a! haste: but 1'adrI. Vinez laughed, a thing which rarely happeenlI to such a -e,,, anid reverlend seo, and hlie iland the a's took tile ulhliallowed biird outside aol cut it open. San lUmingo ! what do tlny find among its entrails hut a gollen riuig, small in size, and of intle workman e-ltp, and with tihe inim of Zara griven np-n it! The mystcuy of the Santa F'elisa Pass was unravelled at last. Jealous Mlos, the husband of the lovely Antillian mn/ladorc, did not take her away with him ini the Americaln schooner after all. No, lie took her up the Santa Felisa Pass, andl ended love amld jealousy for himiself ian1 her with two strokes of the knife %.au's ring is stored ill the rnuseum of li. sana. Her hodly and Golos's received ni, iurial. They were devoured by devil birdls, into whose bodlies lperclhance their omels had already passed. But the clergy. of Santiago performed a service on the spot g where the calesa was found, and sprinkled I, it and the gorge with holy water, since ' which their spectres have troubled the pass no more." This story, which Matias .l garnished with abundant exclamations and a gestures, was received with grave and credulous interest by all the hearers save one. This was a young Georgian aboout five- and-twenty years of age. who gave himself out as traveller for a tobacco house in l;altimore. This young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the entire category of supernatural appearances. "Serve that t sort of cake to your Cuban niggers, majoral," said he. " It has not suited my stomach since I was a schoolboy." "Cosas de Espano" (it is a matter of breed) fI retorted Matias, grinning and shrugging his shoulders. But the young Yankee's fellow- travellers dlid not all take his con telmptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the r majoral's philosophic good humour. To have il'pressive narrations received with persistent mockery is a trial to the best- b tempered narrators, implying as it does riot only doubts of their candour, but a me-in opinion of their intellectual capacity. One passenger in particular felt himself aggrieved by the Georgian's levity of tongue. This was a Mlexcian of fifty or. thereabout, solemn, cadaverous, and shorn- s faced, and looking like a Pampas ,cattle t dcaler in a prosperous way of iusiness. Hiss piercing ebon eyes, deep set under lov, projecting brows, imparted a hooded-fal con-like expression to his physiognomy This man had related the omen of a cold hand, which in his family prefigured deathl by touching the shouhler of the doomed one, and instanced the case of his young wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alon with him on the Pampas, and died a few hours aftcr in his arms, without exiperienciig any pain or sympltoms of ill niess. Several times during the narrative the youing commercial had chuckled aloud, anil lie greeted the conclusion with shouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at him. "Young gentleman," said he, "though you laugh so lightly at .-the ghostly adventures of others, I make no ' doubt you would be the first to quail and tremble if anything similar happened to yourself." " Waal, stranger, if you mean I anm a coward, you had better say so," retorted the Georgiaun, laughing louder and more offensively than before. "Loco (idiot), will you force me to prove your folly to you ?" cried the older man, clutch ing the shoulder of the commercial so hard with his claw-like fingers that lie winced. "I declare to you that the sight ofa ghost would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer crack." "I calc'late it might, if it had your muscular claw, darn yel" exclaimed the young Georgian, angrily, wresting his arm from the other's painful grip. "Every dem fool may have his opinion, but lie mayn't choke it down other folks' throats, I reckon." In warmn latitudes, when words, run so high, an appealto revolvers is imminent ; and such an issue of the discussion being undesirable in a crowded diligence, the other ten travellers interfered in the interests of peace. The disputants showed themselves amenable to -reason; each leaned back again in his corner, and the stillness of the mountain defile was broken only by the driver's professional oaths, and the jingling bells of his six blaiked mules. The journey, now all "dowvn hill, proceeded rapidly and shortly before mid nightthe tirst ,and lougest stageo, oniuthoib ; t'oui. toeaianiziiillp einded t at'a" ro.tlside vetia, where supper was waitiing for the travellers. Over their broiled turkey and sliced hams, fried in oil, andl fresh roasted coffee-the perfume of which still filled the house-the twelve "insides ' grew gay and talkative. Gradually conversation worked round again to the subject of the supernatural, and in the cheerful security of the brightly lighted. inn parlour the young commercial lauglied still louder over his companion's stories than lhe haidone in the mountain pass. The expression' of the Mexican's face grew more and morei. significant. At last lie stood up, and.in aia tone of sarcastic menace, said, ". Young" man, you defy 1me to prove what 1: said. Buono, I accept. I am prepared to suminon\from the dead any person you name. If you can, laugh in the face of. the spectre. Por ene I will say 'no more." At this unexpected challenge the' Yau ken seemed to waver, and his chal-. leonger laughed derisively. " Come, senor, close with him! Close with him!'" :un aniumously urged the other ten 'travellers; who were curious to_see- the. old one's talent put to the proof, "otherwise iwe: shall think you-verily are afraid." "Then I caldlate I'll convince yer to the con trairy," drawled the Georgian. "L'm sot on Jumbi " (the spirit worshipped by the negroes of the Antilles, supposed to reside in ceiba trees), lie added, addressing the cattle-dealer. and expectorating over his shoulder into the fireplace. " You bet lie's somewhere around. We passed a grove of ceibas just now." "Corpo di Clhristi ! am'I a niggeror a Johnny Crow!" cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflame at the insult implied by the young man's address. "Can you not see the senor is afraid, and wants to back out of the business l sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "D'ye want to digest your supper with a little lead, strangerT" inquired the Yankee tapping his breast-poekct suggestively, but before the cigar-roller, who seemed eager to accept this proposition, could speak, le wsas thrust back ii his chair, anu his voice drowned by eager aid in sistent cries of " Tne challenge-keep to the challeCge, gentlemen!" "Let senor Americano siguify whom among the de iparted hlie wishles to see, and I am ready." said the cattle-dealer, who had recovered his phlegm. " It is understood that I bet him six lhullred American dollars that he will dlrop dlown with fright before the apiparitiou I conjure up---" "Hold there ! Six hundred dollars is more than I can affolbrd to risk !" interrupted the American. "Since the senor so positively dculesll the existence of spirits, there can be no lisk for himn," insinuated the Mexi ca0, ll1 argumlent that was unaiimiously aplphuileld. " I can't wager what Ihaven't got," piersistedl the young colummercial, "hut l'll Iet you a hlundred dollars, if that will suit you." The Mexican shrugged his :slllelrs, and laiughedlcl contemlptuously. "O Cunjure up a spirit from the abss for the miserable sum of ole hundred dollars I No, senuor. My wager stands at six hund red. If you accept that-well; if not, I shall take the liberty of believing you lack the eedfull courage." By this tinme tile curiosity of the ten aipectators had reached such a pitch that they were prepared to pay aluost any price for its gratification. One of them exclaimued, "Secors, let us co-operate to settle this ditficulty. We are ten ii numbller. Here I lay down fifty dollars: if each of you will do likewise, with senor Americano's lhundred we shall have miade up the sum." This proposi tion was eagerly acceptedl, and in less time thui it takes to relate, 500 dollars were lhanded to the youngeomumercial, with the understandiiig that if hlie won the bet the protits shoul le equallyshared among the ten contributors. lie did iiot appear overjoyed at the facility afforded him for establishinig his claim to be a man of courage; on the contrary, lhe became pale and uIleasy, alnd it was not till the mock ing whispers aroulld grew so loud that hie could no longer pretend to be deaf to them, - that he said, with a forced laugh, which had mighty little bnravra in it. ' Wail I guess it's a done job, guvner. Go aheia and lose yer moUey as quick as yer like " The hlndlord of the v'en/a agreed to I?l a axn eimpty rooni at the disposition of .i necronmancer, and the Mexican hIving, selcct?d( a basement apartment with ai door opening into the vain garden, led the scep'ical Yankee inside, and shut the door upon him. lie himiself remained outside ini the garden with the rest of the coiu p.my, whose excitement was aroused to the lighestpitclh by the cabalistic nature of the ,next proceedings. Placing himself opposite the closed door the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly some formula in an unknown tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-sunk eyer seemed penetrating, to the depths of Avernus. " Who shall I call1" lie asked at length. "Fair Zara, the female bull-fighter !" was the answer that camne back frolu the dark room. The Mexican resumed his incanta tlois. "I cald'late the lady's hulsand objects to her travelling alone. You'd better ctall for 'eim both, stranger," jeered thieyoung comnminercial, as the ghost delayed to appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his mlutterings. At the eud of another live minutes the Uporgian called out, "Look here, IBalsamo, give over swearing, and let me out I can't aflbrd to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts are getting on.their ten. league boots." "There' is time, senor; there is time !" called back the inajoral, who stood agape with curiosity behind his passengers. " What do you see 1" demanded the deep voice of the Mexican. "Nothing," was Sthe promipt reply. An interval of a few tmonments, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was a pause, and then in a somewhat unsteady voice the answer umine, "1 see a white vapour at the end ol the room--you are letting in steam to frighten me !" "What comes out of the valpour 1" questioned the Mexican. 'Another pause, longer than before, -and then the tremulous iutoejection, "It is a tigr ie. It approaclhes, but I do not care. It is all a delusion." - " What does the Sileulsion do P" demanded the conjtirer, with a sucer of menace in his tones. . A sort of shuddering gasp was aridible on the otheii side of the door, then on a sudden a pierciiug ciy. "A wolulin's kiss I No ! the ihps wer'e fire-the arms ice. Let Inc go, liune: there is blood on her neck ! Let inn go ! ! I na stifling-strangling I Ah ! I can't bear it i Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help ! Help !" A heavy fall was heard inside the room.. Some of the company tore open the door, whilst others fetched a light. The commercial lay oil the tioor in convulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water on the man's face, slapped his, hands anud feet, shook him, and rubbed hiln with vinegar, fiightened out of their wits at the alarming consequences of the, spectral wager. At last he came to. Lrawing a deep breath, he opened his eyes, iitndl cast a terrified glance toward the utd Sof the room, as if hlie expected to .see the glassy gaze of the iutirdered matadore still rivetted upon him His relief at finding the apparition gone was quickly succeeded by anl outburst of fury against the wizard 'who had called it up. "Where is lie gone 1" he cried. " Where is the blanked swindler who has been trying to gammon ime with his ghost ? It was a gull, a cheat ! The ddihd don't return." He looked savagely about him, but the Mlexi \- anu tnuler was not thoere he had stayed isUhiuid- ill - the garden. ""Vhere' is lihe skulking? Let me come at him !" shouted the young commercial, and before anyone 'had time to prevent him, he shot out into the g rdten like a cannon-ball. The others followed in a state of panic, expecting a uctastrophe if the two men met. It was pitch dark in the gardei, and they called aloud to the Mexican to beware of the exasperated Yankee. But everything remained quiet. Presently more lights: were brought, and strict search was iuade amnong the beds of yaims and eassava .aiii. thlle paitch of sugar-cane in the ven/a garden. It resulted in the discovery of lmothimn but a young mongoose, prolubsly har;iourinig thievisn designs on mile host's cturkeys. A low lhedge of coffee-bushes separated the garden from the adjacent couutry, which was enveloped in the black nct.s of a stormy midnight. Under cover of this impenetrable gloom the magician and the sceptic, their theatrical animosity laiil aside with the completion of their rlcs, had'accomplished all easy evasion, carrying with them the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow passengers. Soime of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others allirined that the entire adventure was the work of the devil and hIls agents. The debate on these points occupied the whole of the next stage. The nmajoral was of course drawn into the argunmenit, but lie would not commnit himself. " God only knew. The Alnericanos were won't tosav there were dollars in Cuba for men who kept their eyes skinned, and skinned eyes iuigilt also see ghosts ! For the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to his opinion." The majoral could afford to be phlilosophic and iimpartial. He had lost nothing, and lie had acquired a new and exciting tale of the road. 