MELBOUENE KING NOTES. A GOOD NIGHT AT HICKEN'S. Jack Gibbs Dofeats Bill Doherty. AMITEUB COaiPETITION AT riTzuox. Hate Will Box He*d-ms. 1 CHALLENGE TO GBIFFO. Uartln Denny can be Backed far a. Century —The Battle to Take Place In Hel beurao — All-round Doing*. (BT ' SELF-DKirEW0B.'1 Before my next budgot roaches Sydnoy the present year's great festival will havo passed away, bo I will commence thiii ono with wish ing my readera all tho oonipliinents of the testive season, and expressing the wish that 'Self- Defence' and all other lovers of the good old sport of UBlicirffa will be hale aud hearty tbia time next year. Now, Mr. ' Amatour,' I got yonr letter relative to a contest between Tom Moadowu aud Dummy Mace, but waa not able to strike the lattor Individual until Saturday evening, when I dropped across him at Abo Hickan'a rendezvous. Aftor a lot of talk, I mean with the figures and on paper, in whioh the pros, and cona. of the affair wtto gone into, Mace decided that ho would box Meadowa at Sydney four weeks from singing articles. Ho suya that there is no use in waiting for eight weeks. The Dummy 1b already in pretty fair fettle, and if tho dato/ unite Meadowa tho articles can be at once ibrwordod to mo, and I will have them sighed and returned. Spoakiug to somo of the sports on the &ub-; joot of a matoh between Meadows and Mao e, I ihid that opinion ia pretty evenly divided oa to tho merits of the men. Some who 'should be uood judjroi assort that Macs ia tho best lOst maa in Australia : others nay that he oaa'o stond alongside Mocdows. Jfy own viuws &ra; that tho niou are very eyonly matched ns far aa olevoraesa and hitting powira are oouccrnod, nnd that no mattur wMch oomea oat on top ho will know he haa Wm3 fighting, and I nin safciafied that if the aea meat at Sy ilnoy tho Bportu of th&t; oily trill sco ona of tho test bat Uua that has takon plaoo thero ioi many a lojiu day. A Rood, dejii ixzs beou said and written a3wut iha racanb oontiKit, hotwocn Griffo and Martin Danny. Soino there 'aro who go eo far aa to Bay that ' Griff ' canuob bo boatan, but thoro in others who say ho oan, and that Denny is ono too many for him. In talking over tho matter on Saturday night with some of our sports, I found thut they woro ono and all suaxioua to boo these boxora meet in Melbourne. Ono gentleman authorised me to issuo a challoiigo to Griffo on bohalf of Denny for ^3100 or more aside, tho oouteat to tj&d; plocQ in Mulbocrrno. A aooond mseting should settle the question of Bupodorlty by tho inon. boxing to a oliinax. Denny is willing and ovon anxioua to moot Gxiifu again, aud as ho travelled to Sydney on the occasion of tho laat battle, it ia only fair that Griffo ahonld eomo to Melbourne if thoy figit again. Slionld Qriffo and hia baokcrs aj^roo to meek ilaxfcin in Mslbourno, a Bub atoniiai deposit will bo put np for Danny and a sxmtoh aux be arranged without delay. Iu jus&os; to all parties concomod, and par* tioolirly to iripa out tho slander r.tt*rapt.od to bo coat on Donny by ono Bydnoy oporting Bcriba L'J Griffo ahould at onoa taku np tho Artfi ami giyo Donny a return match. Next 8atnrday orcning Aloo Bogers and Frid»y (TSeill will box tho boii of twolvn ronjuli nJ; 3Siolceu'fi Athietio Hall. As both boxius are popular in tho sporting world, thero iisuro to be a good house and a good battle. Tho nosra that Slavin and Joe Goddard aro raatahed lo box at Haw Orlcoou liau caused oonfiidarablo oxcitomont iu thia city, and the opinion of tho majority of ring-goera ia God dud hasn't a. ghost of a nhow, and odds of 13 to 4 are already offorod on. Slavin. It is rather early yot to go into tho merits of theso pugilists more than to say that aa both are of tbo gon-us Blugg'er tho battle mil bo ahorfc, ?harp and decisive, and 1 would just as soon have my money on Joe aB Paddy. I novor yot saw a man who oan rooovor from the effects of a blow ad Goddard, and he can hit quite as hard as Slavin ; if tho fight does come oil it will be a oaae of who gets there first. The next entertainmont at tho Cumberland Athletio Club will tako place on Thursday, the 29th, when, in addition to boxing compe titions, there will bo a amoko concert. Sincere regret was manifested here to-day when the news of the sudden death of Aleo Stewart bocamo generally known. Those who knew him aro nndor the improaaion that hia death was not duo to any blow ho received from Boas, but that it was aaUBod by the old wound which ho had in tho left ear. Nearly all tho boioro in Melbourne have asked mo to give an expression of their sympathy. An amatoar competition for a Christmas trophy given by Mr. A. W. Feme, London ana American Tailoring Company, in being organised at the OJympio Club. Mick Nathan will bar all first prize winners. If other good sporta would follow the example sot by Mr. I'erno, boxing would be in a very flourishing condition. 