[?] t CHAPTER L W . Lost Pronertr. ? ' The ' up train ' had come in, the carriages Biad disgorged their occupants, and the Byroad stone causeway was alive with Kiowds of weary travellers, and sturdy Hftundering porters, and bustling railway Heruards. It was a cheerless winter's nierht ^Vhe guards were blue with cold, and those Hrho had come up by the train weie frosted ^?ke figures on a twelfth-cake — the carriage ^Hofa were white with snow — the wheels ^^ftre clogged with it — the window glass ^^Ks hidden 'neath its mantle — and even ^^?b hissing engine, panting frightfully ^^^?n it long1, long journey, was dotted HB and there. From the huge terminus, ^^^King back upon the iron road, could be ^^^k looming from the darkness the broken ^^^^Kof whitened housetops, and a forest ^^^^Vtorted chimneys — the ghost of a great ^^^^K-and across the grey density, into ^^^^Hl the station lights were streaming, ^^^^Ared the rapid, silent flakes. ^^^^H passengers hurried homewards ; the i^J^^Rraggler, muffled to the nose, made hie ^/Ji^i disappearance ; the luggage melted imperceptibly away ; the guards began to vanish through doors continually on the swiag : and one man, in a black shiny cap, coat, and trousers, all very much pep pered with snow, was briskly trotting by the side of the deserted train, diving his head into every compartment, dashing ' wildly a dark lantern in and out, and 1 banging doors and twisting handles as only * railway guards can bang and twist. He Juad nearly reached the end of the train, when, in one of the dark cavernous third class carriages, he suddenly started, stopped in his dive, and, thrusting his dark lantern into the gloomy recess, with, wild impe tuosity, gasped out ' Hollo, here !' And well he might, for, perched upon a back seat, was 'a little black heap of some thing, with a smaller black heap of some thing else in its lap, and two round bright black eyes were staring at the guard from under an undistinguishable covering that might have been a black sack, or a black turban, or a black beaver bonnet, or even a black teaboard rather crumpled, ' Hollo, here ! Who are you ? Come out of this!' were the uncourteous exple tives of th« surprised official. ' If you please, sir,' piped a little musical voice, ' will you take me to the ' Lost Property Office ?' ' The man murmured something about being blowed. ' If you please, sir,' continued the voice, ' if you'll take me to the * Lost Property Office * grandpapa will give you 6d.' ' This is a rum go,' muttered the man. ' Here, George !' George, another shiny young man very much peppered with snow, came clattering down the causeway, and on to the platform. ' Here's a little girl left in the third claBs. What's to be done with her; George ?' George, without answering the ques tion, scrambled into the carriage, and made towards the little black heap in the corner. ' What's the matter, my little girl ?' he said roughly. ' Why don't you go home ? You mustn't stop here, you know.' ' Please, sir, will you be kiad enough to take me to the ' Lost Property Office f ' M ' What for ?' ** Grandpa will call for me at the ' Lost Property Office,' sir.' « Who's your grandpa f* u Don't know, six.' 'The child's mad, George,' growled official No. 1. ' Hold your tongue a minute/' responded George, ' I think I see all about it. Your granny is coming to fetch you, ain't he ?' ' Yes, if you please, sir.' ' When ?' ** Almost directly, sir.' ' Ah ! I see now, and you were told to meet him at the * Lost Property Office '—of course you were. Come along then.' The little girl — for the black heap was a little girl — got down from her seat and, taking the hard cold hand of the big guard, and hugging her tiny bundle to hex bosom, proceeded to accompany her escort, whilst guard No. 1 went a few steps further on to give his last bang and twist for the night. ' And where have you come from ?' asked her protector, as the little girl trotted on by his side. 'Oh! from Bernswood. Jim Simmons drove me to the railway in his cart*; it was a nice ride, but very cold.' « Daresay it was,' growled the guard, « and a pretty set of people they were to give you to Jim Simmons, and send you such a journey all alone ; but some people,' added George reflectively, «« ain't got no hearts.' It was a long walk, all down the plat form, and along the stone pavement, and right round to the other side. Everything was so quiet now that the tramp tramp of the guard, and the patter patter of the little black feet, raised more than one echo under that spacious terminus. ' S'poae you've had something to eat, all day ?' suddenly inquired George, as he looked down upon his diminutive com panion. ' Oh, yes ! Mrs. Podgis made me up a bag of sandwiches, and Tom, at the * Bear,' gave me a bottle of table beer.' 'And your father and mother — they didn't seem to do much, at all events.' ' If you please, they're dead, six.?' «Qh!' Gebrge had no occasion to make farther inquiry, for the child grew suddenly com municative. 'Father died last 'v^eek, and grandpa sent for me, or they would have put me in the Union. It was very kind *-f grandpa, wasn't it, sir? And although I was sorry to leave Bernswood, and Mrs. Podgis, and Spot — that's her great cat, Bir— yet I would rather corns to London than be put inrthat ugly T«d-brisk house, along with, the poor people. And what a big place. London Is, sir — oh, dear.' . *. - And the child looked up at the iron ribbed roof of the terminuB with 'wonder ment and awe in her dark' eyes. ' Here-ire are, little miss,' said George, stopping it a door on which was written \- Lost Property Office/ ~w and aa there's no more trains to-night, I shouldn't wonder if the office -ims shut up by tniB time.' But the flfnce was not shtutup, lor the door opened upon George trying the Jiandle, and he led the little girl into the room. It -was a. large square room, dimly lighted by one jet of gas. There w,as a high-shouldered desk in the centre, at which a pale-faced high-ahooldered man to match was writing. Another guard, who had evidently just brought in the small portmanteau at his -feet, stood by the side of the desk whilst the clerk made an entry of his statement, The room was crowded with books, boxes, hats, bags, parcels of every shape, size, and color, blue lumpy handkerchiefs contain ing Lubin's Sunday suit and his clean smock-frock, walking-sticks and umbrellas, trunks and carpet-bags, filling shelves and. cupboards, and choking corners and ire cesses — the waifs and strays of the last six months. Lifting the child to the top of a black box studded with brass naiis, George, the guard, went towards the high-shouldered desk and whispered to the clerk in attend ance a few words, which appeared to throw that gentleman -into a-, temporary frenzy. ' Do you think I'm going to let the child remain here P Do you think I'm going to wait any longer than I can help ? Do you know I shall leave this very minute, and shall shut the office ? Do you want to make a workhouse of the place ? Do you know somebody's making a fool of me ?'- Without waiting for a reply to any of these interesting questions, poured forth with much volubility and foaming at the mouth, the gentleman jumped from his seat, and began a struggle with a high shouldered great coat, which he had snatched from a peg in the wall. The guard looked perplexed, the- child sat perched on the black box, nibbling at a tiny thumb that made its appearance from a worn-out kid glove, ' a world too wide,' when a solution to the mystery was pre sented by the entrance of an old man, wrapped in a faded cloak of a dirty snuff color. He walked with some difficulty into the room, and, in a tremulous voice, made the following inquiry — ' Is thero a little girl left here to be called for?' ' Yes, there is,' snapped the savage clerk, *' and I'd thank you not to come jour facetious tricks again with your * lost property/ old gentleman. There she is !' The old gentleman did not reply, but stood at the door beckoning the child. When the child had obeyed his summons, and was standing by hie sine looking up at a dark shrivelled f-ece, he said, in a deeper voice — ' You are Avice ?' 'Yes, grandpa.' ** Have you been waiting long, Avice ?' 'Not long.' ' I, I promised the man — let me see, what did my letter say I would give the man, if he took care of you ?' ' Sixpence, grandpa.' 'Was it sixpence? Dear me! God bless me ! Sixpence was it ?' and he began to rummaga nervously in some hidden receptacle for that small coin of the realm. But the irascible clerk, who had evidently been crossed in love or fortune, he was so fierce and wild, here interposed with, ' Come, be off, you people ! We don't take fees here, you know we don't. There, please to go away — thank you.' The old man and the child slowly walked from the room, along the causeway, through the offices with their swinging glass* doors, into the deeply carpeted streets. ' What shoes have you on, Avice ?' asked he, looking down at her feet. ' They're not quite worn out, grandpa j and I've a better pair in my bundle,' she added, assuringly. *' Wait here, then j don't you see how it snows ? Keep back out of the cold, and draw that rag over your chest Avice. Now, have you good eyes ?w ' Oh, yes, grandpa.' ' Don't call me grandpa,' he said testily. ' I hate your * pa's * and * ma's.' Call me grandfather, girL We will wait here. Now, look into the roadway, and the first omnibus that passes marked wifh * Charing Cross/ tell me, and save my eyesight. You can read, they say ?' Avice, nodded her head. They stood under the shelter of a gateway, a strange, ill-assorted pair, attracting, many a passing glance from the travellers hurrying bj them. ' The man could not be less than 70 ysars of age, and had probably never exceeded 5ft 4in in stature j for now, years or care, or both, had bent him almost double, and made a dwarf of him. His 'face was not a prepossessing face ;t it was seamed with yellow, and every feature frightfully pro minent ; the nose, a thin, sharp, bloodless nose, jutted out menacingly j the eyes pro truded ; the blue lips were swollen, and hung forward j and .the chin was long and pointed. There was a dismal like ness about him to an ugly doll, or a mask in a pantomime, and more than one wicked boy had been known to scream ' Punch' after him in the street. And as he stood there, holding the hand of tne child, he looked a very frightful Punch, indeed, taking care of an infinitesimal Judy, until the showman bhould make his appearance, and pop both of them into his -. box and walk away with them. The child would not 'have made a bad looking Judy either, and had she appeared over the green baize of the raree show — that green baize which hides so many secrets— -the crowd of gazers would only have laughed and thought it all capital and very appropriate. -She was not a pretty child; she was, perhaps, not an interesting one. The face was older than it should have been— it was almost the face of a little woman. It was the oldness of thought, the premature marks of care and penury, which stamped its character j a face that had evidently looked upon death beds and deserted homes,', and seen much sorrow and the endurance of much pri vation; the face of one who had calculated . the chances of a day's meal, when death and distress 'were cowering within the cottage walls. It was a pale white little face, not so much an,ugly face as an old fashioned, and partly! redeemed from the latter characteristic by two of the largest black eyes that ever were set in the fair head of woman. ~ They were two snch great beaming eyes, that they lit up every f oatoxa and softened it, and there was but little shadow of their lustre when she glaneed, for an instant, at the dark heaven, from which the white do wn kept falling, falling. After a (dlefcoe, ?* There's *'Charing Cross/ grandfather/* The child was quick at instructions, ami necessity had been a capital school in which to learn obedience, for from the night on which she met the old man by her side until his last night and their last meeting, ahe never said ' grandpa ' again. It was enough for her — he did not like the word. . The old man set up such an unearthly yell after the vehicle, that the driver pulled up his horses in alarm, and the conductor got down and looked carefully under the wheel* for some prostrate fellow- being. Avice and her grandfather crossed the snow to the omnibus, and the conductor, who had begun to comprehend the case, opened the door with an expression of indignation on his countenance* Avice had not been seated two minutes in the rumbling conveyance before she folded her small shabby kid gloves over the parcel in her lap, and nodded drowsily. The omnibus was full, and its heavy jerks threatening to plunge Avice into the pit of a stomach on the opposite side, the owner of which had also gone to sleep nursing a wet umbrella, the grandfather, with a te&derness; he had not hitherto ex hibited, flung a bit of his snufE-colored | cloak around her, and drew her to his side with his concealing arm. The shabby, crumpled beaver bonnet dropped more and more, and finally rested securely on the old man's breast. He glanced down at her once, and his features /changed and worked so frightfully, that a lady with a baby on his left gave a smothered shriek of alarm. ' Beg pardon — nerves you see I' mumbled the old man, and, turning away, he looked into the wintry street. Presently they were at Charing Cross, and he engaged in a trifling dispute with the conductor respecting a brass sixpence which the latter individual 7 tendered by way of change ; but that difference having been 'satisfactorily arranged, they were in the deep snow again. Turning to the left, they were soon amongst those gloomy buildings, govern ment offices and aristocratic mansions of imposing exterior, which crowded together near Whitehall, and which seem to be eternally jostling each other for more elbow room. ' Are we near home, grandfather ?' ' Do you see that house facing u* V* ' The large one — yes.' « That is * home/ Avice. And leading her across the snow-drift, which here was white and smooth as a bridal raiment, grandfather and grand child hastened to their home. CHAPTER II. A Eew Home. It was a great old house j the stones of which it was built inclined to crumble into dust. Standing, with many window sills heaped up with snow, with snow thick upon its front, with snow clinging to every point against -which it had been drifted by the wind, it looked like a house in its shroud. It was a government office, and A vice's grandfather was office-keeper. An office where clerks flitted in and out from 10 till 4 ; where the doors were always opening and shutting ; and where postmen, weary- and heavy laden, went up the steep flight of steps, at every delivery, with leathern bags of letters. But there was a time— before giant Briareus made a branch office of the place — there wan a time, we say again, when men of rank held it as their own, and kept high holiday therein j when those long blank windows were streaming with light, and the shadows of the great and noble were flung upon the blinds ; when strains of melody were borne from its palatial rooms to the ears of 50 coachmen, nodding on their cushioned boxes — when gas was unknown, and the oil lamp shim mered at the corner of the street — when the link boys darted right and left and under horses' heads — when the lazy watch men hung about the doors: Time was when the beaux, in their flapping gold laced waistcoats, square cat coats, and with cocked hats — the true Ramilie cock — in their left hands, squired the ladies down those broad stepB to their carriages — ladies in hoops, with towers of curls on their heads — beauties of the court of A Tine and of the first royal George. But all this had gone by ; the dining room was a depot for papers, fitted up with presses, and full of dusty pigeon hole receptacles, into which clerks were always burrowing ; the ball-room was the secretary's board-room, and over the mas sively carved mantelpiece, against which many a beau had leaned, critically sur veying the patched and hooped beauties of his day, were hung almanacks, tabular accounts, and printed forms ; and the -walls -were hidden by presses, even there. There were presses everywhere j down in the kitchens, up in . the attics, lining every passage, and narrowing every way; and tpns and tons of letters choked up the place and stifled it, weighing upon its groaning vaulted foundations, till they cracked again; The whole house smelt of office. ' What a large house ! I never saw such a large house,' whispered Avice to her grandfather, as he rang at the noisy area belL He did not reply, but stood on the top step looking down at the snow. i ' Avice,' he said in a loud whisper, as a heavy footfall was at last heard advancing to the door. « Yes, grandfather.' 'You said you had good eyes, look £tt our footsteps — do they not cross others, child ?--see there!' 'I see no other marks upon the snow.1' ? ??? « Ah I well, welL Come; Avice.' '? ^ Tile door opened, and a tall bony womani stood waiting tt- admit them. ^ '?'?'** 'Sou are late, Mr. Hem.' -'. L-?i ** Bather, rather/' he answered, as he led his grandchild into the marble paved kail, which was lighted oy a solitary lamp, affixed to a distant pillar. ' Did I not tell you, Martha,' he added, *' never to open the door without inquiry. I might nave been ? anybody, for what you knew,' ] ** I ought to know your ring by this time,' tne woman answered, shortly. 'Don't talklike that,' he cried,peevifihly; ' is the bell full of different tones £or different hands ? You should be more careful, Martha, at your Age— an old woman like' you V -' r ) They passed through the hall, and wenV down a flight of stona jBtairs and along * narrow passa^ ^ * xoom on ;^he ground floor. There was a large fire bnrning in an old-fashioned . grate, and - supper, was laid on a side table. Martha followed them, and took a seat by the chimney corner, with her head against the mantelpiece, A grizzled canary in a cage by the window: gave ^ chjrp of welcome. 'Take her bonnet and shawl off, and see if her feet are wet, will you, Martha ?' said the office-keeper, turning to the supper table. Martha drew the child towards her. ** So you're Avice Hern ?' inquired Martha, in a grating voice, as her big hands, orna mented with extra-sized knuckles, tugged at the strings of the black beaver bonnet. ' Yes, if you please, I — I shall be.' ' ' Shall be ?' repeated Martha, grimly in quisitive, and pausing in her emphatic jerks at the complicated bow which Mrs. PodgiB had concocted. ' If— if you don't choke me, ma'am,' said the little girl, gravely.' Mr. Hern left off cutting the bread and cheese to stare vacantly at his grandchild ; and Martha regarded Avice* s pale face with a look of fixed severity. ' A funny time to be pert, Miss Hern,' Bald Martha. ' I did not mean to be pert,' quietly replied the child. ' I did not mean any thing but choking, indeed I didn't. Please don't pull so hard.' Martha shook her head ominously, as she took of£ the bonnet and shawl of Avice, and felt her little damp slippers, ' Wet as sop,' she muttered. « Off with them. What a pair of shoes to come out in this bitter weather — poor little thing,' Martha's compassion was couched in very wiry tones, although she .meant it j but then she was a hard woman, was Martha Badge. She had been housekeeper, general [servant, everything to Mr. Hern, long before he had been appointed office-keeper there ; and Mr. Hern was not a character that elicited much sympathy in general. She was a woman of granite, with no nerves in her whole system. She would have made a policeman, or one of the Life Guards Blue, and fulfilled her duties to perfection. Nothing touched her weak feelings any more than the work of a galley-slave would have affected her con stitution. For all her crude deportment, and abruptness of discourse, there was an odd attachment to her master which the future development of t*'« story may still further exemplify — she bore with his irritable ways, and implicitly complied with all his mandates, and took her £12 a-year with a growling « Thank you.' She had been a dirty, overgrown girl in Mrs. Hern's time, and maid-of -all-work to the Herns when they wore living in a little street at the back of Chelsea ; and now she was an old woman, stiff as a board, and about as congenial, to all outward appearance. (to be continued.) r'r- 