COURSING. KAPUNDA COURSING MEETING. Stewards, Messrs. J. P. Orchard, J. N. Smith, 0. H. Shakeahaft, J. W. White, M.P., J. Von Bertouoh, J. Moyle, D. Shearwin, and J. Battams; Judge, Mr. R. E. H. Hope; ! Slipper, Mr. M. Fahy; Flag Steward, Mr. S. G.Smith. That coursing has a strong hold in the North was evidenoed by seventy - three applications being made for subscription to the Anlaby Stake, promoted by the Kapunda Conrsing Club. With the stake limited to forty-eight doga a number of would • be nominators bad to submit to eight dog stake was rather beyond the limits of the country this week. The meeting attracted a number of visitors to Kapunda, the Sir John Franklin and the Lord Palmerston being full on the Monday evening, although the train from Adelaide added very few to the contingent already arrived. Naturally, every one was anxious on the subject of the weather, and with a light rain falling when the train arrived we were all prepared for a wet morning. Fortu nately these gloomy forebodings were not ful filled, althongh when Mr. David James arrived to take the Frees representatives out in the morning the sky was overcast, and it was as cold as they make it in South Australia. Kapunda has not been blessed with much rain this winter, and with the roads in oapital order the owner of Adventurous's smart ponies rattled along ' in splendid style. The scene of the meet waB on the banks of the Light, about ten miles from the town. Arrived here we found a goodly company assembled, among those present. being the Hon. J. Coles, M.P., Messrs. F. M, Miller (of Anlaby), J. Shakes, D. James, Dr. Hamilton, Dr. Glynn, Mr. J. W. White; M.P., &o.; Mr. J. N. Smith took charge of the field operations, while Mr. R. E. H. Hope had come from Clare to act as Judge. The country we started in was just suited for sport, but as bad luck would have it game was very scarce, and after taking a couple of hares to bring off four trials we bad to move to a less favoured spot. At; 1 o'clock a halt was made for luncheon, those who had not provided for themselves partaking of the hospitality of Mr. H. Dutton. For some time after Mr. Hope again took to the saddle game continued scarce, and then we got into some scrubby country, where plenty of hares were found, but the ground was rough and flukey. Several dogs met with mishaps, and damaged toes and stoppers were the rule rather than the exception. Both Ruby and Jean had their trials, but the latter had a narrow esoape at the handB of Herd Laddie, who only lost through hie inability to fence. It was nearly dark when a halt was called and the com pany—amongst whom were a number of ladies —retraced their steps to Kapunda. On Wednesday we made for Julia Creek. The crowd was not so big as on the first day, and the sport was even slower, a whole day being spent over fourteen courses. The ground was again very rough, although plenty of nice spots were met with, but unfortunately these did not contain game. Several dogs were unable to oome up to time, owing to the knocking about they had received on the first day. Ruby gained a deoisive victory over her co-favourite, Jean, but j knocked herself about a good deal in the trial, j and in the evening 5 to 1 was offered on the field tor the stake. Mr. Dutton was among' those present, and in response to a vote of thanks for the use of the ground said the club were always welcome to the use of the Anlaby Estate for their meetings. Mr. Hope's de cisions were all received with favour, and despite the rough country he always kept close to his dogs. The Slipper also did but work in a most satisfactory manner. The Running. FIEST DAT. | After a no-go Cyclorama and Pearleaf were Blipped in full view of the crowd. Cyclorama, the non-favourite, led up by six lengths, and doing all the early work gave Pearleaf no chance of equalizing matters. King Bounce led Triplet's four slips, and wrenohea several times, after which the hare made up the hill among the crowd, and both dogs were busy at the finish. On the other side of the river Oliver Cromwell showed more pace than Nora Darling, but the hare stayed _ too long for him, Nora Darling juBt succeeding in gain ing the verdict at the end of a long trial. JuBtioe and Wildfire had a no-go. Gelert was too fast for O.K., and did all the early work, but on the hare taking to the timber O.K did some smart scoring, and Gelert only got home by the kill. Splendors and Freedom had a long spin on the hillside, the former doir.g nearly all the work and finishing with a kilL Bell II. led Competency up; then both un sighted, but getting on the game again they ran a long course all in favourof Bell II. After luncheon Sam Weller ran his bye with O.K., who appeared to beat the old dog at the finish. Juno did most of the scoring seen in her trial with Sluggard, and wound up by killing. Demon was up first through Tom Harrington unsighting, but on the two getting together the latter showed great superiority, and even tually Demon stopped. Tom Harrington ran into a stump and cut himself badly. Max and Fancy Queen had a pretty go all in sight of the crowd. Max was up first, and then the work was very even, the dog just securing the verdict.. Forest King and Colleen Lass were slipped in some very rough country, and with the Colleen refusing to try at any part of the trial the dog won easily. Ruby was just able to get up before Chemist. The hare then took to the timber, and Ruby working very cleverly won easily. Jean and Herd Laddie had a regular grueller. The dog lost Bight in going out of slips, but soon drew ahead of the bitch, and was a winner until it came to fencing. At the first obstacle he lost ground, and stopping altogether at the second Jean wiped off the score against her and won. Comet was mnoh too good for Disraeli in a short spin among the trees. Miss Harrington led Dauntless by favour, and after getting an advantage in the early exchanges she out stayed her opponent and gained a decisive verdict. . After a no-go Strathmore led Red skin. Then several exchanges took place in the timber, but Strathmore always had some thing in hand. Barley Bree drew out j ten lengths from a long slip, and after a couple of turns Exile killed. Orizaba was too fast for Venture, and the trial between Bluey and Unlucky Guss was pro nounced undecided. Marley's Ghost and Flying Column had a very long go. Very little was seen, but Marley's Ghost always had the advantage. Euchre and Jezebel were very evenly matched. Euohre was up first, and then they had a good give-and-take go, there being little to ohoose between the pair at the finish. SECOND DAT. Unlucky Guss ran a bye, Bluey being too lame to go into slipB. The trial between Heola and Veronica was a very fluky one. All the work was done in the tussocks, and the hare turned to Hecla, who scored twice and killed. Broken Hill, who went into the slips lame, had a bye. He stopped soon after the start. Second Round.—King Bounce was quickest from slips, but Cyclorama drew by on the outer oirole and von very easily. Bell IL did:{ most of what vas seen with Sam Weller, but after gettdngover the range shehad had enough, and Sam Weller succeeded in outoounting her. Splendors did not sight, and Gelert worked the hare over the hill. When Splendora got in she wrenohed three times ana killed. Juno had a bye, Tom Harrington being unable to go into slips, and previous to this Justice had bad a bye owing to Nora Darling nob being on the ground in time to go into slips. Max led Forest King and wrenched twice, when Forest King killed without any merit. Ruby led Jean and put in some rapid work. Then Jean got Placed, and after some good even work the bare got over the railway line, and Ruby won by five points. Comet beat Minn Harrington in the longest course of the meeting, the winner showing decided superiority. Barley Bree led Strathmore, and did all the early work. Then the latter drew, but Barley Bree came again, and after he had made a few wrenches Strathmore killed himself out. Ori zaba was very, sore on going into slips, and Lucky Gubs did nearly everything in a long course. Marley's Ghost had an easy task with .Euchre, who was too sore to act in the rough country. Results:— ANLABY STAKE. Cyclorama beat Pearleaf. King Bounce beat Triplet. Nora Darling beat Oliver Cromwell. JuBtioe beat Wildfiid. Glert beat O.K. Splendora beat Freedom. Bell IL beat Oompetenoe. Sam Weller a bye. Mermaid drawn. Juno beat Sluggard. Tom Harrington beat Demon. TWay beat Fancy Queen. Forest King beat Colleen Lass. Ruby beat OhemiBt. Juno beat Herd Laddie. Comet beat Disraeli. Miss Harrington beat Dauntless. Strathmore beat Redskin. Barlev Brae beat Exile. Orizaba beat Venture. Bluey and Unlucky Gua ran an un deoided. Ghost beat Flying Cloud. Euohre beat Jezebel. Unlucky Guss ran a bye. Bluey drawn. Hecla beat Veronioa. Broken Hill ran a bye. First Ties. Cyclorama beat King Bounce. Justice ran a bye. Nora Darling drawn. Splendora beat Gelert. Sam Weller beat Bell II. Juno ran a bye. Tom Harrington drawn. Max beat Forest King. Buby beat Jean. Comet beat Miss Harrington. Barley Bree beat Strathmore. Unluoky Guss beat Orizaba. Marleya Gbost beat Euohre. THIED DAT. The following are the results Seoond Ties. Justice beat Cyclorama. Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max beat Juno. Buby beat Comet. Barley Bree beat Unlucky Guss. Marley's Ghost beat Hecla. Third Ties. Sam Weller beat JuBtioe. Ruby beat Ulax. Barley Bree beat Marley's Ghost. Fourth Ties. Sain Weller beat Buby. Barley Bree ran a bye. Deciding Course. Mr. £. Harder'a bk.w.d. Barley Bree, by. Kildare—Bronhilda, won, Mr. N. A. Mes senger's br.w.d. Sam Weller, by Swiveller— Young Betsy Baker, being drawn. 