OUR PARIS .-LEfTTER. , ffrom ouirbws ooiiK-Wndbnt: . ! , The coreipqios.of.Uuly.Vqek brgan in Paris, on M.ircli 10, n-itli "the 'hrosaing Of tbo sprigs of box, iVhichiin, this jnurthprn olimuto do duty for tlio olivo brsnclies or palms ordered by "the RPhian rillial. ---Tbe- ohiirehas ,wpro croivuod as usual on (lie fcstivul of " Jliuriyuux," wliicli, lik'o 'All Souls, is nn.iii.f,ltiitinn in the French capi tal, and it's observance is by no means-con fined to 'the devni.it, Tlio very cochere deck their. . lioisos' beads'witli tile, green, leaves, Slid the most rabid nnti- oleric- makes nb protest when his wife carries homo a luincli of box to bang over the little one a'li'od:' 'The prinoipal cereinoniea of tlio ivpi-l; aro on'Tliuraduy and Friday. On the firniPfhlay the blesaiug of tbo holy -oils takej : plao'o: at Notre 'Dams, sod; the " innndnfuinV' ojr washing of foot, ia per formed ii;'tlio.'prineipnl parish cbnrclioa. On Fridlho mass of tlio pre-sanctified ia celebrat'iTil Villi great pomp in the morn ing, nnif'pt:nhbri hogin'a tho Three Hours' Agony, ,-preiiched; at ' the more important c-liuri-liL-'auy, ihe liibst'diaiinguised orators 3f Frunze; 1 Th'o Bermuh ia always -Inter- mingled'XyiLh'iiniaic, !hnd,'et tlio Cluirob qf St Eiisl/iclVL'-.-'Uiiaairii's''1 Stnlint Muter is performud wilh! full ' Ollnir "nnd. orobestrn, and 8ol,oa,liy:'singorsr''of tlio Opera. ' At Notre DBme-'tbd' Ciifdlmil Ar'clibisliop of Paris officiated pbntificially at alt the Holy "Week L-bionipniea;'',;'"'-''-' " -> Accdi-Hi.ng.tji' ii)e qfiicial, report just .fur. mistied 'iitheMihlaterof' Wur.thocamp of l'aris, which wuuld include all the ground oiu-lojpd.'hy slrniglil- lines drawn- between- tlio ndviinc-yil 'fortsj' bae population of 3.3C0,0O0, which, in the ovunt of a seige, would bo reduood by tho departure of Ironps not belonging 'to ' the garrison, and the flight of residents who 'did not wish to remain, -tp about 3,000,000 A calculation based ripPm, the' Avora-o' corisuinptihn per head undef 'nondinlrT'eirpuiiiafanoea, shows that jtip' :'fi)llprfing: siipplei; w;onld- be rcqniijbil IbV. li aiogo of six monlhq : — Piovi9ibns:-"(i'n-' Fiencli"" metrio quin tals) V;; Obrn, ;'2,BOO,dOO'; " freBh -Ineat, 1 ,200j000 alii fl ' 150,000 ; dried vage- 1 1 1 b 1 e - , o 50,0 00 ; pnf;itnesj 3,000,000 ; milk, 300,000.;. Wo.iul, '600,000 cubic kilolitres; coal, )',00(,pp0 "French" tons. The horses in the ctiinp would need 7,000,000 quintals of havi 700,000 quintals of straw ; and 600,000 bf qa ji', The cost of these supplies at lliq 'nyerljgq' trado prices would be gwv,qw,vwtr. ; Scarcely iia.s'Edg'ar, tho: pot ohlmpn'nzee, vaeuteil.i'o'r pvprhis couifortiililo- quarters at the,Jijp(in'di-a'Pliintos,'and alroady they ure lu-ol-cupimi hy two.sxotio guests of ne Ibbb .renown and promise— namely, two splomlid apecinions.of (a -liialo and, a"fe- sualo) oi-ang- ufa'ng.'presetitpil by a immion- nry liishop from TiiibeE Both animals nro atill very;<jiing, liul.apparpntly strprig and h -ulthy, iin'd itlahoyd Jliiy'ii-ilfprbve rquul to tho fuligilea q tliu.juuriipy and the severity of our eli'ih'iita. 1 ' ' Tho Dpc do 'reyiao has left n his will his apuloonio'. cnljcc'tipn to .the 'town 'nrr Ajuccio, bn'cbiiditibn iiiat the articles 'ehull ho pjiqannrfooiil Jn Bpnapiirte's liousb. and thai on tlio ubor'qf'llibf'rodm'.'iillall 'be - ins -ribad, " C illeolion givhii by |tho -Duo. dor Trevisr." Tho Mimici(iiil Cou'peil'-.jias accepted fbo ' legacy,' /sad tliankoii - the family jfop., the gift. , ' , On th«'nigliF of December ' 13. lust yimr, tho English steamer, Prince S-dtikotf, laden wilh c-oul, and hound from Cardiff, tn;St. Nazi ire, foundered, near Uiiosaant.' -All of - thojp.re.w, liypie' drinvned; with! one' ex- oeptiiifi, a 'man htiiied 'Kelk; who was saved by thr.-o Cdiurmcn belonging ' to Landunvez. Eaeli of thoso' three' men lias rccejvcd frimi.tlio.Eugliah Governmeut the sum of £3 and a silver medal.' Tho Q-ieen liaaaiho wrilten.a Jotter of. thanks to ihe woman TfehonPf, who gave shcltor tu Kelk. If Poris should ever have the misfortune to sjaiiij .nndlircrreH-ge it; ia said that there will bo!, ,'no lack -of fresh ineat. Large free'zing7liouses''nro being cunetructed wliicli Vvfiriiold 620 tons of meat for the supporLof the ..gnrriapn, exclusive of some 15,000"tor.s'fiir the inhabitants, nnd lt -is calmihtlud that that will bo ninnlv sufficient for ii'iioge of" average duration. This onorinona quantity of meat will be Btorod puril.v at La Villette, und partly at the now nbattoir ivjiU-h is being constructed on tlio left hank of tbo Seine. Prufessur Vurneuil, seeing bow vnin the efforts of science are to combat that fell -disenso, .cancer, lias started a society of -medical 'iiion,' who intend to study the disenso carefully and conscientiously, und ascertain, whether some means of curing or alleviating, Ihu'nialudy cannot ha discovered Professor. Duplay has been naked to pnt' \- niniself af.'tlio 'head -of1 '.this organisation atid hue willingly accepted - tire post, and heartily approves of tlio niiiiiei-whieh has been' 'given' to- th'o association. : The Prqfearibf <he Seine, has ordered that ", the ' -. Juiiiinniis. ..foyntains j in! the Clmnip, d»; . Murs shall co'uunonco to,-, play .pn'l. Easter Sundny . ' and liqRjjuy, during., the - , aqmpher. Tlisy wtll play t'wio'e'oach'ovetpngj tlie g-at tiine ut 83p.an-Aprjl and'.iCiy/'at 9 ' in" dune, July.'.'q'q'd .'Alug,ustrand_nl 8,80.i.n Septeinbor unit 'fialnliar ' ' r- e9lm iyissipari,EdugjJioi(CdngVe!si,w,ilJ;uo 4tphnpil9i>.A)(>fil 90) 'fVlkq Grad'd Amphi- :theatre;q|f,)ke|8brhonneiV a fpw ,8ffks nfiler- -wardp; op Jluy, w,ijl',C,piipehbo ifio tisual , nnnusl cpui|!plitipq .belweo'n .th'ocftoyjl',bf I ttlio gren.t:, publip sehrolp,-k'npwb7.as 'th'ej Londil. An in forinor yeursj thorejwilj bo; -.ton ceippetjtiens, . bicycling; 1 'swimming,' jumping, running, shooting, hoxiug. fenc- ing, riding, mounting, and rowing.' Thanks' to tlip;origini\tora of tlio nioi-eiiiorit, physH -cat education ia aproaling, aud it is an- nnunc-Sd tlint local Lendits will be held at many,- of the provincial towns, amongst \- others, ' Pau, Caen, Montpellier, Lillo, and .'Ailliens.;, , In conscqiienco of the doatli of the Grind Duku Louis IV of Hesse, the list of the \- Gl-rmnn. Field-Msrehala-Gunerql .has. once more lieen reduced.' The deceased was (lie youngest, of tlic80.high military dignitaries, .having' been on the 'occasion of liia Inst- Ibirthdiiy ' anniversary (Saptember 12) nominated- Golonal- Qonerul of_.Infuntry, ' willi' the rank- ,of . Field Marshal -General ' There now remain, only ,. three Fiehli; .' Marshala-Geheral, namely, Ooppt yopjflhi-:; ' ' iiiehthil, .Piinec George ,of ;8»X9pv,- und,- Prince Alhrecbi of Prussia; a.nn..'|pns: Colonols-Genpral — tbo Grand., fluo ol. Baden, tho Conimaiider-in-Ciiiof., In the. Marshes von Papo, tbe Grand Duke of- Suxe- WoimaT, and PriDco Bismarck. The French taxpayer contributes on. an . avei agefiOor 91 fr per head, namely 72fr60c ...,.t0 ilio Stuti-,4frfi0o to tbe Department, nnd '.' "h'etwpen 13 nud 14f r to tho Ooinmuna. .The- 'u„ taxes paid to tho Stuta olooe exceed three niilliur.la and a half. The population of If a- ca. ecenrding ihe Inst census, exceeded 38,000,000. Tho average tuxpuying rats in Eng'and i 79fF porTiuailrfln Austria-. 78tr ; in Itily, GOfr ; and'.iu -.Prii-.«in, 37 f r ' -i-r lirml. Tliia sIiowh ihiit! . Frunuhinon am inurij heavily tnx-.-d ."tliari anjr. otlior people, liiit llioy soe'ni in-' '-.support it very i-hWily'j' i'i->| ioliown liy, the douraaaing per- .-ontiigo Inf cost df 'fobiivery. ; .iUpwards, of four jnilliarda has to lie -found every year for ,t lie expen li-ure of tlio Stale and Miu I)i-ui\rliupnts, lint the money is ap parently; collected ! without: much trouble, .anilf Willi an extriioi-dinary absence of i.roVcat un -tlie' 'part'- of tho, . taxpayers. Thr-r'u i-iin'hi- nn.iluuhl. liowevar, -tliat:tlli'; thrifty llalilta nf-lhu French peoplo oniisu lluun lojlienr the weight of taxation easily enough.Jand, innreovnr, woaltli is UHdoubt: ably more oqna'ly diffitsed in Frnnoo, tliun. in nnv ntln-r Europi-nn oountrv. .whatover, the Anarchists may say or lliiiik, to. the :-ont rary Wli'eii ' u" -nation i .of. -38,000, 000 onsily pnys four miltiurdsui year to tlio tax- gatherer 'it most ho fairly prosperous. A socialist manifesto is about do ho sent to nil the aociotios; comuiittees. and organi sations! throughout France. It has been drawn up at smno length, and states that May 1 has liepqinp Jim- grunt annual manifestation of worklilun.'abdshoiV-s how unit9d|thn class is, and what arc the objects for wK-cli all strive. -The principal point is tlia (iiglil litiurs qiipation.— Other matters aro peculinr'tn tlio cnimtrl's in wliicli they arise, as,1 for in.st.i.i'ic:-, in Francfj I the: sup- prosioh.of tho "Biiivauii-do' p'lnoenienl,!', those j voVtiges vof' fprinc'r Bhivory|.-utUe oldigqtien. ou. puhiio cpntrnc-tors to limit their wago; llu/ 8 1 f,-ty uuil.' piluliiity - of workshops', factories, -l - arid - riiinos, .r and fiiiidiy recommends! workmen to co-operate and undertake pulilib eontrnets.; Thc Hi- ere- tarint Nat ional concludes byi'exprcssing a (hopo 't hit tlie-'inu'riifestlitioris tliia yea.-, will sVirps'ss"- in '' ii.hpArtance tlios'o of- forinor years. It ri'ciiiiimbbds'Ctilinness. to ' nil concirnedjint if unything of the nnture of nnntllor' Foifriiiies.' iririsjicfe should take place hlnta lliiii it wbuld; be' tho -fault of the ijo'urgeriis class.' '' Aoiis|av, tlio' mbrdorcr of Baronne, du Dellird, was oxeciite'd on the i flth iiut, at half jpliai 5;in'lflo inorriing. Tlio' condemned Iiinn|i-kjii-ct'ed his fate, ' Sinoo the visit of Iris auims-l to the President of the Republic Inst .week, ho bun liben very 'dejected and thni/ghifiil,' ITe had; frequent , interviews; wilh A hbo \'a(adier, tlio priaon cliaplain, of whom ho dc'iiiaridou- liow capital .piuiish- incqtH were curried out, nnd-wliat oifect it had.njiou liini. &o.; 'J'lie niunlorer lilot his fate with the coolness of -a- soldior. The onlv r.unurks ho lunilri Wore n wish that a scaled lottbr he had h, fun rhlVcull should bo given to liia' brother'- nnd n wish that the doctors might . .examine, .Iris, head after death. No Koohe'r linil tlie knife fulltiirth-iri' lhe|bmly ,wns placed in. <1 cpfiin. and driven ..in d cart lo tlio pumetory of I'ere Lnchnisc, where 't t wiia irilerri-'d ill i h i. pkieo reserved fur! felons Ariii'siny'a'falliorupplied during the' ilnji to. the Prefect of Poljeb'-'for leave-' to ji'xhmiic the .body, nh'l have it examined liyfmei|jeJl men, to see whet her thorawns nnj- .'tii.Sci|n» of the bruin. Tno'Prcfeet deferred giving an uni'wer 'Jpr'j'ho'-'jiresent. ji Arrcviyal of " L» . ConjlinitiBn 'd'Am- boisj Inst perfprjiied, in. I860, wits given at.'tlib O-leo'n Theatre the ollier'riight.'' The jili)t of Limis Bourlliet's liistorichi drama turns upon the iiiiioiirs'of the I'rinco de Cnndc iincl. Mino de Brjsso'ti', the'spouso of n phiisrin't 1 seigheiir n't 'tho Oiui'rt'bf Frsn- f»ni« Tf. wlin 14 th'n'avit frnriiiin tif' lltn Duo dp Guise, and, llio. intrigiios of Cutlierino do Modici.i. Tliii pieco is gorgenusty mounted and- well .noted, and tiiut tlio romantic drama is again crowing in public favor was evident from' tho gratifying reeeptipn-.it rcc.-ived. . . iOno of the grand events of tho veer will be tho Feto. Franco ; Kiissi,. which will ho given at the Cporn under, the. patronage of the Baronoss dp Mohrenheiin, on May 17. Tlio programme is n very attractive one. .The performance will of poured begin witli tlie Russian Anilieiii, which will be follntvat by Hi- liualo of thu.Cororiiifioh Bells. from .-'iLo Vic pour lo Tzir.-", - ri ext comes " Le Sicilion," after wliieh will bo given a Moor- itjli iiin?qnorado, da'riced'hy Louis XIV. and. ,Mllu ile la .Viilliero at Versuillus.. "Tliero . \vill bo n concert, in which tho most dis tinguished Parisian singers. wj|l take part, nnu in a evening win ennouue Willi " Aion- sionr do Pom" ooangnao-.'! T|ip;cnsts in- oludb tlio elite ot the Opera, Oomedie Franeaise, and Opera Cpmiquc. Tho prioea of aunts ure nf course fancy ono-, and rango-from lOOfr downwards. Tlio iiracceds-aro to bu dividud. between tlio KussiaiiiFauiinoiFund unit the Ambulance Urbainas. . The Quoon of-England has had and still br.joys-magriifieent spring days at Hyeros, tealQ lien's weather, :aa,they:say. injE"g-, land, und ; Her Majesty has exuressed more than once liar satisfaction wilh her stay in France. iHor'Majesty visited, Toulon the day before yestorday. She was accompanied by Princess Bsatrioe, Lady Churchill, Miss Phipps, and Genoral Poosonhy, C-lonol j Edwards and Dr lieid,nnd arrived at Toulon at 4.16 by special train. ,,Tlie Hoy a I visitor was reocived at tlie station by Vipo-Admirul do Brisondy,-Piefet Miiritimo ; tho Prefect and.Mnio Arnnuld, and tlio Saus-Prufet and tlio; Mayor. . Hor Majesty . thanked tbei.h;' 'but - begged, they .would not . ae- ;oiiiphny-her, us she .was moat .'deairous of i void Ihg > any.- . demonstration during her visit; 1 '>Thb ,Quuon , und - l|ar; suite, then i-htbrert their landaus nud drove: throngh tho stfobts'of the town. Wheq. tlie.party 'arrivu-l at the Pluoe d'Ariiiea, 'however, the, 'Mimrib Bind struck ;iip l' God save., the 'Queen,''' while the crowd, ireapeqtfuliyj uii-j 'covrred; - -The Q ieen bowed ,.lior acknow-; lodgements, whereupon - crW- of -.ft Vive! I'Arigletorre I -vivo Ln France I." - wore; raised. II rMljesty returned to Hyeresj rit a.qunrtor'to 6. To-day, being .Princess Bentricu's Idrtliday,' lior K".v»l Iliglinesd will lie proserilo I ; wilh Is uquetu by tliu Hyeri-s Municipality, the Press syndicate, and tho ti-.tdesniou uf the (own. Speaking of Royalty I. may mpntiori that the Cumin an-l Cniuteaae do Peril, who have boon resi ling in Spain during the last four months, ore to return in Knglund, and will .stay-iit Home. Tlio Qu-cn lies promised to pay. a-'Btriolly privute visit to tho Cowtc and Oniiii'es-<o. Parisians are heartily 'laughing about- tlie scriipiiloiisneis uf Uhosa honest folk 'wlioj send 'l- crinsoierico ' innney '-' to-., lie- 'Cl.iani;iillpr if tlipHExclr-qnoiv -.iTIiia , tiuie ,'they'rire quite in llui - rjghtr'<fur.':tliia„-hi)s d-eirn' .;'fa"r excoe'led liy a 'iivorihy.'.cn'uple 'living' nt Ltralhda-Pi iret. i. M. nnl JIiui- 'Latomi iire'tin-le'r the; delusion that ttnjy. owe the 'State', for materials .which; thciy heliova iliey bought, but didn't pay for, at the time of tliri destruction. of the Chateau of B'nis. Willi a'laiidnlilo desire to- pay their ju-t debts, 'boy sent money from tniio' . to tiii.id to M.Carriot, who lias on' variolis occasions received frqiri tlii-ni' l,500Fr in bank notes.' Tlio Gov. rnhierit; hotvever, eqiuiliy honest, denies the existence'of any; .debt, and. tbe money lyae forwarded totho -Police - Comiiiiaeary at Lurullols Perro'l. with inBtriictinha to roBtoro it to its right fill owners. This proved to. bn a, task of somo difficuiry On- bis arrival at the house of M. Latoua, tlio mngislratojfouiid liio doorl locked, ami saw Monsieur and Miulnino. I looking at- liim suspiciously through tlio window'. Hia announcement of Ida otlicc, sud liis Hiiinmona tn ' opun in the name' nf "the law," wore greeted with a burst of laiiglitor, und lie was finally nhjijioil tio.send for a locksmith, and force the dopi-Riut'ore lio could enter, uu-l' place ,lhu pne-kut uf bank notes discreetly on. the aiinntelpicce, 'Tin's -took. plnco somo little l.itiio ago, but M. und Mine Letnun wore not. disponraged. M. Oiirnot-liad failed iliuin, so they sont Ilia next instalment -\vliicb t|ioy iuingiiied loibe duo to the Ad-, ininisfrntion .dos Domains. The . director sonta cii-rk to'retiirn tho money at onco, hut as soon as his errand was known tliu door was slaiiunefl ,in- bis- ;faoo,. and . tlie. coinmi anry's scrvices'wlll again bo callod into requisition to put lli-wo ocean trie people in possoBsion of their .own. Tlio nrri-st of Riivncliul places in the hand of, jusliou n, dangerous dyniiuitcr. und a fooling is graduallyji-islng wliicli liiiB. fonnd uxproesinn in inofo than one Frencli journal, that dangerous _uh.. arc those .iynoimlurB. tlioso who incite lliom in Anar- oijiat.ji'iirniilii' and ut A.naruhi-t ptildic or jirivnta meetings, nro still mora dungureuB .Some restraint of the right of freo speech iind.thh liberty of the Press, n» far se th-- Auurchists nro concerned, scc-uis atmolotoly necessary. It iAsll very well to tolerate wild ljingnngn and incoherent doniiciatioiiB, ins long as this is not followed up by deeds ; but n-hun dymimite. explosions occur one after tho ofhcri.il' is timo that thoso Anartdi- iist meetings wore, suppressed! sRogstliHr To toll a masB.of excited people iliut the. Banld of Franco regorges with gold, and' they jhuve only got to stretch nut their linnda nnd become rich, is euro to ho taken literally Jiysome more than usually; wicked, or foolish person attending tli iep iri'setjbgs. The laws are quite strong enough. to dual witlijtli -s<i who incite to outra-rs, and they only inquire lobo applied to put a slop lo n state, of tilings -incoinpatilde, With till-. veiy!existi!nce:df oivilisod'socfety.- When- the doctrines' of social 'revolution are- 'no longer - preached arid its ..epcedyf ailvent. prophesied, no attempt - will ba made to put those doctrines into p-nctice,- Tlio (Jntlio'ic priostliortd lins. bad' hut indifferent success in its. first essay at . whit it ciilla contradictory coiifcreneca in. ibe Puria Cliurcliea. At tliu Sliurch of 'St. Merri, tlio oecupunt of. the pulpit, in one of tho usual Lent surmons, permitted himself tocriiicieo udvorsely the French Ki.-volu.tion of 1789. A few divs later priest in. tho Church of St Joseph denounced Socialism In bolli cases lin nngry inoli invaded the chuichoa and created a disturbance. Evi- dent'y n pait of the Paris pupulation does notirolish priestly cominenta, either on the Revolution or Socialism. In consequence' \- 1 he' Archbishop of Paris lias ordered the -priests to suspend their .sermons- in , tin-; alim'e-nainsd - churches. .. Tlio ; Socialists, look'with iriti'Uss alarm upon, the recent,, attempts. of tho Catlinlic priu-lliood regain tlio ear 'of the working classes, and see what they regard as their vxoltisive pro i-rty'mennnced thereby . Whelhsrchurrlies, loWover, are proper places to diacnaa burn ing political questions, may lie dou> tod. 'Pha haIiiImI uitnaiinn in'flarmunn k«c calmed down wonderfully since tho with drawal of tho groat bone- of contention — tlio School Bill. . In the Prussian Landtag, whore a violent dohnte was expeoted over ii bill giving Count Eudcn' urg a salary, nothing whatever took pluco, tliu bill being unanimously postponed until after Easter. It is to be hoped tint Count Eudunburg lias sufficient means of existence until after tlis Easter festivities, ns Ibe speatacle of a starving .Prime Minister would bo a rather unusual una. After tlie recess tlie majority in tbe Landtag will probably see its way to give tlio Govern ntent- a fair. amount of support, and to hear With equanimity party disappointments. After all the school question is not biicIi an important one as it profusses to be, and-tha status quo is not untenable villi r for Con- sorvativos or Liberals, Indeed, it may ba considered doubtful whether tlio luU'would have boon successful in it's main ohjuct — the diminution of Socialism. Aa yet every thing tlmt has been triud in that direction lias conspicuously failed . Prince Bismarck thought he bad laid tlie Socialist ghost wbon. ho adopted a -rigid Proteotioni«t policy, but ho only made matters worse, instead of bettor. It is well thai those who think that mutters would mend by Prince Bismarck's resumption of office, should hear- this in; mind. The reported negotiations between Rueiia and Germany with regard to a commercial treaty are officially denied by the .".North- douische iZeitung " . although ! tho Russian' -Press, especially the Nqvoe Vroiijya,'' stoutly maintain their existence. Ne doubt tho denial. of-the German organ' is. meant tn usauro Austrin-Hungary'that no treaty with Ru8sia will be conuludod to the detriinont of the member! of thsT Triplo Alliance ; whereas on the other 'band - the. present penury of the Rnesian Trousury make it a matter of great importanoa to regain, pf possible, tho German firiiincial and o»m- insrcisl market. -Whether it be prudent on the part of Germany to raise Russia from tier present ststo of exhaustion; may ba doubted, espaeially as tliore is not the ! slightest proap ot iu any alteration of ' the ' uluthodB which, havo.krooght Russia to li'orj preasnl atatP of impecuniosity,-'-It is sa'tll! thitja (SOitimorpialtrusty between Germany | and Russia would be a plodge of 'pe'iriu — I but so also ia Russia's powarlesanoea toj disturb it. j 