CURRENT NOTES. i;i In 7!n(/c .' The Press of this colony might well say this to Air. Deakin after his speech in Parliament last week. ]f any man ever had cause to entertain an abiding feeling of gratitude towards the Press, Mr. Deakin is certainly that man. If it had not been for the way in which newspapers of all shades of opinion joined together in flaunting his merits in the face of the public, as an auctioneer flaunts the merits of the goods he is selling, we say, with very little hesitation, that the world would have heard much less than it has of Air. Deakin. He might also have remembered, before making his" speech, the old saying. " It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest," and the Press of this city «as a warm and comfortable nest for Air. Deakin for years past. And even though he believed all he said about it last, week, yet the mere " Honour among thieves " sentiment should have made him hold his tongue. And even if these considerations were not sufficient to deter him from attacking the nurse of his youth, his own sense-and he has plenty of it to show, when he is not asked to show it in a hurry—should have told him there was danger in acting treacherously towards a Power which, as long as he made an appearance in public life, could revenge itself so easily upon him. As Queen Elizabeth said to the Bishop, with a slight alteration, " I that made thee can unmake thee." But Air. Deakin's fine feelings were smarting from the sting of recent neglect—once a little •rod always a little god seems to bo bis creed, with regard to himself--and perhaps some other slights.and he proceeded to lift the curtain a little, that curtain which covered the relations existing between the Press and members of Parliament, and particularly between a section of the Press and the Government. It was a powerful organ, and spoke with a thousand tongues every day (101,:i4(i, according to the estimate given by its own accountants, but Air. Deakin was too incensed to be generous). It could not escape the attention of lion, members, and certainly they could not escape its observation. Having no responsibility, the Press might change its policy, or the stall' which carried out that policy. And so forth. We are not defending the section of the Press attacked by Air. Deakin, but we venture to say .that even it or any newspaper pretending to even the ghost of a policy shows a greater sense of responsibility than a politician who sulks in a corner and refuses to play any more because he is no longer allowed to lead the. band. And as regards his insinuation that the fact of a paper changing its stall' would mean that the staff might change the style, at least, in which the paper's policy would be thenceforth carried out, it is only necessary to remark that every journalist doesn't consider himself a born statesman and leader of men, • and, therefore, has no axe to grind when he sits down to write about political affairs. The unkindest cut of all. however, in this foolish sjicech was delivered ill the following sentence •.—" He would ask if it was not a fact tlmt during the interregnum the colony was ruled !>y a single ;>m\erful journal? As an instance he might cite the attitude which that paper had taken up with regard to two public men. By its attitude towards Mr. billies and Mr, Speight that paper had changed the political history of the colony. They could not look buck even cursorily without seeing that the presence of the iiovernment un those benches was the result of the newspaper Press, and particularly of one organ of the Press." Everybody. of course, knows to what- organ Mr. Dcalcin w as alluding. And he was the Benjamin —the darling and the pride—of thai, organ '. The rtnso 11 d'rt.re of the extraordinary conduct of the late brilliant politician and promising statesman may, we think, be summed up in one. sentence —the Deakin Boom has definitely burst. Mil. .1. L. Dow, M.L.A., delivered a lecture lately on " Irrigation in America and Australia " at the Working-men's College. In the course of it he referred to the tendency among Australian youths to migrate into the cities instead of into the country, and attributed this tendency, in a s great measure, to the want of facilities for social enjoyment in the country. Mr. Dow said that this want was due to the large holdings which farmers found it necessary to secure in order to enable them to get. a living, and pointed out that in the irrigation colonies of Southern California the case was different, and the migratory tendency was from the cities to the country. The average size of the holdings in Southern California was, he said, 10 acres, and as each holding bad its dwelling there were plenty of opportunities for social relaxation among the young people in the settlements. This would naturally be tlie case because a settlement under these circumstances would be simply an extended village—ail ideal village, too, in our opinion, because every dweller therein would be able to smoke his pipe under his own tig-tree in comfortable consciousness of the fact that his holding was large enough to support him and his family until his sons were old enough to take up similar holdings on their own account, and his daughters to marry the sons of other fruit-growers wlni bad done the same thing. * # * # The picture is Arcadian, but we can confirm its accuracy from our experience of settlements of the kind which have long existed iu Australia. Back of the Parramatta River ill New- South Wales there is a district entirely inhabited by fruit-growers. They intermarry, and are simply one large family—or, rather, tribe. Of course they had command of a certain amount of natural water in the first place, and the rainfall could be relied upon for the rest. The point is, however, that the young men born in this district seldom, if ever, migrate lo the adjoining city of Sydney. They have quite sufficient opportunity among themselves for social enjoyment without going into the city for it. And the consequence is that, as Mr. Dow says of the young people on the irrigation colonies in Southern California, they stay at home, and both the country and the city are the better for their doing 1.0. • • ; 'i .' 1 ' 1 i -. Hear a voice.from one if rjuriiVft/ural districts on the subject—when one requires' exact information there vis nothing like getting at from a n:an on the spot'. Kaniva is a small place near Nhill, and, we suppose, if it. is at all like other places of the sort in the colony, its requirements in the way-of amusement are not extvuvii^iiut. Yet this is ss-lv.A tin; local correspondent says with regard to the matter:— " One is forced to wonder why in nearly ali the up-country towns there are such wretched facilities for profitably and enjoyahly spending the evenings. At first sight it would seem out of the question fur ordinary towns to build and maintain an institution where gymnastics, billiards, chess, draughts, cards, and similar amusements, could be indulged in without the taint of either drink or gambling ; and yet when we consider the immense sums which are spent year by year in maintaining hotels on the one hand, and an array of churches on the other, each professing to have substantially the same end in view—the scheme seems not so impossible after all. If in conjunction with the above amusements we could organise debating societies, reading clubs, courses of lectures, Arc., much might be done towards fostering a healthier tone among young people, who often have at present to choose between a piety allied to effeminacy, and rational enjoyment linked with irrational profligacy." # * * * Setting aside the absurd "statement contained in the foregoing, as to hotels and churches having " substantially the same end in view," we think the quotation proves that Air. Dow spoke by the card the other evening. The desireforamusenient may seem frivolous enough, and hardly worth consideration to people who lived so long as to be beyond feeling the need of it, but it is a very vital matter with those who have not. And the only way of procuring innocent amusement is by bringing people sufficiently close together to enable them to organise social affairs among themselves and call upon each other frequently in a friendly way. When one has to spend an hour in catching a horse and another in riding him before ho can get to the house of the nearest neighbour, he begins to think that sociability is ton expensive a thing to be cultivated if lie intends to cultivate anything else at the same time. The How of bringing people together in the way suggested must he left, to the IrrigationiMs. You can't expect to make the desert blossom as I lie rose without some I rouble. How fine a thing it would be. though, if we could not only prevent country people from coming to settle in the city, but also induce a goodly proportion of the inhabitants <>{ the latter to go into the country to live '. There can be no douiit about the fact that Alelb mi'iio is dangerously Urge considering the population of the colony as a whole. The Lnmlnn Times, in a late issue, said with reference to this matter : —" It is to be hoped that the people of Victoria are beginning to understand a question which is already presenting itself here and at home--the enormous peril of gathering together masses of working-men in great cities by promising to procure tlieni employment, and to protect them against competition. The urban population of the Australian colonies, and especially of Victoria, is disproportionately, not to say dangerously, numerous. The inhabitants of Alelhourne arc over tivo-fiftlis of the whole population of Victoria. If London were as big in proportion to the whole community at large, even the Progressives of the Coimiy Council might shrink from the task of providing a constant supply of 'booms.' are glad In see some evidence that our colonial fellow-subjects are prepared to grapple with the problem before it gets beyond their 'control.'" We are glad hear that the Timm sees this. but. it sees more than we can—and we are on the spol. )/»»• has the problem been " grappled with " ( Let During the next session the Government intends to introduce a Bill embodying the recommendations of the Charities Commission. Very good. And what .vere those recommendations '? They were to the effect that the colony should be divided into charitable districts, to he administered by district boards, the members of which shall be elected by the municipalities; to appoint a central board of charity to allocate the Government grant to the various districts, and to have general control of all the charities within the colony. In all probability the bill will include the recommendation that half the expense of supporting charitable institutions must be home by the Government grant : and that, if necessary funds for the other half cannot bo obtained by private subscriptions, the balance be paid by the municipalities out of the general rate upon precept from the district board. The recommendation in favour of the transformation of some of the country hospitals into benevolent asylums is now being tested in a small way by the Government. And what, is all this but the introduction in a different form of the old English Poor Law :' If the J'niies sew anything to congratulate us over in our having got down to this, all we can say is that we don't, admire English institutions as much as il docs. There is, no don lit., a. t ecessity for something of the sort to be done, but 110 need whatever to sing a p.uan over the affair — which is anything but a cause of pride to us. The J'inn's may be pleased to see that we are becoming "so English, you know,'' but. in regard to this particular business, at any rate, the pleasure is certainly all on one side. IN Stewart Island. New Zealand, no alcoholic drinks are sold. The island is a temperance land, and the inhabitants as a rule are averse to a licence to sell liquor being allowed to anyone. " We are aware of a number of cases," says the Australian Cordial Maker, " in which persons afflicted with alcoholic neurosis—the nervous craving for drink—found a safe refuge in the beautiful island of the South. No pleasanter spot on earth could lie found than Stewart Island, which is beautiful beyond description, and enjoys a climate on an average five degrees warmer than the mainland of Southern Now Zealand." Fancy people advertising their island as possessing unequalled advantages as an Inebriate Retreat ! The spectacle of the poolvictims of drink wandering listlessly around the island, liowbn g intermittently for whiskey, must be both cheerful and soothing to the sober aborigines of the [dace. Vet they send lis oysters, and 110 man can consume more than three Stewart Island oysters without a bottle of porter as an accompaniment, or. perhaps, wc should say an antidote. Perhaps, however, this is their deep, dark game in older to keep up the supply of inebriate visitors. Happy thought ! Why not turn Stew art Island into a " World's Inebriate Retreat C QUEENSLAND IS in a hurry for its Kanaka coolies, and while Lord Knutsford cables enquiries, and anti-slavery enthusiasts fulminate in the House of Commons about "the undying shame which the iniquitous traffic will bring upon the common English name, '' the businesslike Griffith has got. his regulations gazetted, and a labour schooner ready to start forthwith recruiting blackbirds among the emerald islets of the amethyst Pacific. The flower of the labour fleet, the Jll.iu, has bv this time probably left Bundaherg, well supplied with copies of the new Orders-in-Council, the, publication of vvhich in England will no doubt satisfy the most fervent humanitarian moralists that, short of shipping a chaplain and providing every recruit, with a copy of ihc Gospel of St. Mark in Ilis own particular /«i/i/i>, the business will he run MOURNER. <111 the. best moral i»i-inciiiloM. Birds'-iiust-im; on }"-iiti<3:ivh is mm of tlie cardinal sins, as every youthful disciple if Dr. Watts is well aware, •mil it is eminently gratifying l" learn that, blackbirding mi the sucred ilay is now under tlie lian i»f a Queensland Order-in-Council, and that whatever shooting nr drowning of unwilling recruits limy take place in tin; South Pacific will have to 111! done 1.'gallv oil the working days of the week. If (hat, doesn't .satisfy the Sabbatarians, what will'? Then. again. if < hero is to lie anyguiim mi the warpath and painting red' he coral streets III tin: palm-shaded villages. n i.sclieering to know that the sprees will lie entirely Caucasian, and the Kanaka is not expected to do any of the shooting. The Sniders and schnapps which the labour schooners carry arc for the white man only. Should the misguided geiicro»ily of the recruiter impel him lo divide ii)i his ijnanlum of grog with his art,less island freight, he will, knowing that the law forbids, con,pier his unselfish impulses and magnanimously forbear- unless a duly-qualified medical practitioner is at hand to certify that a stimulant, is necessary te preserve the physical tone of the cargo. '1 iiis should surely stop the mouths of teetotal pmtcstors against, the trallic. P.ut this is not ail. Further precautions are to lie. taken for keeping temptation out of the way of the islanders : and these equally coiiimeiid thcuischf s to liuti/aiiiiariai.isni and business principle*. Tin* clews of labour vessels are nut on any account to "sleep ashore." and if tliev .should happen to i.e benighted away from their Untiling home, they are expected to keep a weather eye open all night, jest It. should 'occur to the islanders to knock them quietly on the head and try an experimental dish of white " long pig." When recruiiiug is in progress, two boats' crews arete he employed : so that while one contingent explains to the Kanakas that (Jueellsland is a heavenly place and the sugar plantations perfect " gardens of Kden, the other "in the covering boat, on the weather bow ea.11 cock its Miiders, get its cartridges ready, and "come " ill with a ooiiriiieiiig shower of leader arguments, if the islanders should try to "recruit." the recruiters. Thus it. will be easy .to girc the islanders " innrai lessons " at. less cost than is involved either by shipments of missionaries and Bibles, or by periodical visits from warships, and a wholesale expenditure of shells ami shrapnel. I'nder these restrictions the 1'acitie labour trade may be expected to flourish like a green bay tree,and the frightful risks of over-population in Polynesia be effectively averted. Wiijcn the newest Aeent-f ieneral arrived in London a few weeks back lie endeavoured to stir up the apathetic money-lenders of 1'jiigla.nd by prophesying-per interviewer—that, their particular stock would lie a "perfect drug" in the Melbourne market in about a twelvemonth. There are its yet 110 indications that way ; neither is: any disposition evinced coloniajly to restrict the importation of this particular• driiir —though tho desire for it lie cfassilied by moralists as the root of all evil, V\ e may put a ban on the juice of the poppy flower ill the interest, of Chinese morals. may even impose a. duty oil imported fresh fish. In order lo eijuali.se the incidence of the .Stock Tax increase, aud protect our fishermen :in well as our farmers: 1ml we arc quite, prepaied to i un all risks from " lioniu" imports of Sir. Alunro's drii^c, and to leave the local money-lender lamenting sooner titan invite him to agitate tor a share in "the bene,tits of our protective system." New Zealand's Premier may vapour .so magniloijuently amout the fiscal independence of that, recent semi-insolvent, colony as to alarm a financial company, which has been able only to pay a per cent, dividend out of its colonial investments. into threatening to w ithdraiv its capital from New Zealand. Mr. liullance may even lose liis mental equilibrium so completely as to use language which frightens an Utago company into casting forlorn eyes on Cape Colony as a future field of investment, But. here, on the AusLral continent, we want cheap money aud plenty of it, aud don't hesitate to say so. It really looks as if we would be able to get it before long. Australian stocks went up with a bound recently, aiidlmve been rising steadily ever since. ^ hether the capitalistic public of Knglaiid believed Mr. Mmini's drug declaration or not, ills certain that (lie publication of that much criticised and disputed interview has been follow ed by signal advantages gained by sinter colonies in borrowing : aud one British financial instil uiioii--a shrewd Scotch one—has resolved to raise forthwith another half- million of capital, in order lo gel into Australian investments before Mr. Munro's "drug" prophecy can be fulfilled. The ia'e Premier bungled Ills loan nc.'otiaiions, and made a hash of his Treasury IJiil.— the successes of New South Wales clearly show that hut for lii.s characteristically imp"!- sive utterances on Victorian finances. coLvincing British investors that tliey can handsomely send their own personal interests by serving ours, and t hat, they had better take fortune at the Hood, and lose no time about il — much may be foreiicn him, even by the Argus MHi.iiorcNH has lately had many illustrations ol what may bring a mutt into die Insolvency Court, how little his creditors may expect to get out of it, aud how swiftly his sunken fortunes may float, again. Hut a unique case of discharge, from the oversight, of "The Court," occurred the other day. The insolvent was a musician, and his assets might, naturally have been expected to have been of an aerial character, difficult to liquidate ; but lu; got, his discharge promptly, with an order from the Court, tii the oflicial assignee that, after paying every creditor 20s. in the £, he t.hould hand over the balance of the estate to the insolvent ! Unlucky musician ! Mi esUte which yields a surplus'after oflicial realisation ought certainly to have been worth 40s. in Llie £ to the alleged insi>1 vent. Fjuk Roman's World, as the Americar. papers designate the area of feminine interests, is under piocexs .if inflation in Kngland. W h'lle the dames of the Priniruso League claim to be. un unimportant factor in politics, the Woman .s Liberal Federation lias resolved to go several points better, and make a bold dive for power in the coming 'jenyivi! elections. As the Federation is under the presidency of Mrs. (iltidslone, and as the Grand Old Man is tint,yet prepared to go in baldheaded for female suffrage, the Liberal women of Knglnml have magnanimously refrained from making their claim to vote a test question in the electoral contest which is to dish Salisbury, Balfour, and tioschen, and secure to Lord Roseberythe reversionary right to the Premiership. But. the Liberal women are determined to iout with all feminine fluency, persuasiveness and persistency for candidates who will pledge themselves to batter down "all artificial barriers to the employment of women in every trade and profession.'' 1st his the beginning of the end ! — and what are " artificial barriers V The cjuestion of costume naturally arises in this connection. (ouinents are deiidedlv artificial ; thev are inooiitestably "barriers'' to female employment in many trades, if not, professions. Women would, of course, revolt against wigs of horsehair, when called to the bar : but we should not grieve over that loss. The liiedi ,'eval blue jacket sported a petticoat—a short one, certainly—but there would be another " Mutiny at Spithead " it the First Lady of the Admiralty were to insist on the re- introduction of the garment to the Ito.val Navy, for the sake of uniformity and the equalisation of the soxes in the nautical profession. The divided skirt, we are afraid, would hardly answer, either on the ratlines; and the Horse t> uards could hardly be expected to authorise it. in the reitiment-al riding schools. Ill the railway service, the mechanic's bench. Die workshop and the stable the bifurcated garment wliicli mail claims as his sartorial prerogative is a sine qui nun. We h'Jve heard of datiies w ho wear the treivs in their own households : but a liberal women's crusade against all artificial barriers to sexual work equality seems to indicate that the practice is to be very widely extended. J'ln; sonsof Adam had better " climb down '' at once and abandon the llreeches before the daughters of Jive claim them for their own a:; one of the long-lust and much-wanted " Women s Riuhth.'' 