The Blue Mountain Parrot 1USKS TO ASSUlir— That the Bathurst Adrocate editor is aping 31 ark Twain. Tliat it if a toss up between him and the Penrith for thc title u the phunny-phcller of Australia,." Tliat their wi '.Deisms make this old bird "Laff" as if be'd bust. Tliat thc Government of NJ5.\V\ nre fullowing fn thc line of Turkes' ghost — tliey promise things and then 11 cry off." That thc overworked N.6.W\ 3fcmbcrR will now take a rest, or at least soma will ; others will hunt for little inooey-muklng dodges. That Hayncs, fiwonston'a lawyer, is a real brother of old weather-beaten Mudgoc Jack. That quitting advertising in dull times is like tearing out a dam because (he water is low. That tugs-o'-war are all thc rage just now and much bitter rivalry is caused thereby. That Bir. W. ilannlng is queer old chap. That Willie Epps' columns of hog-woh is eagerly grabbed by nupnncipalLcd rags which cauQol afford to employ writers. That Epps' plaything Is "as dood as Julius Cacaax." That thc Sclicy-Eddy commission proceedings aill be o|>cn to thc public. That West Falls arc adjacent fo MAraden's simps. That anxious persons are once again blowing their own trumpets jn expectation of bciog elected to tlie directorarc of the A.31.P.8. That post office doors should not be used ns advertising mediums in opposition to the local paj»er. That rain commenced falling on Thursday — hard to say thc nnmbcr of feet rccorda!. That it is a monotonous job emptying Mountain rain-guAges. That this bird thinks it is a great joke thai thc almond-eyed gentry of Sydney should want to fightcc one with fhc other. Three persons have been accidentally shot Dear Molong by a child who was carrying a laadtxi gun. One of thc Injured Ib In a critical condition. A bill providing for thc payment of members has bocn rejected In the House of Commons by 227 votes to 182. Thc Derbyshire colliery owners have agrrod to limit thc output by allywlng the men to only work fire days a week. The House of Commons has rejected ft motion en abling Irish tenants to compel londiojxls to sell thdr land. The Tines Office leads the way in real good Job rrintifig at Cheap Prices. Can't wipe it out I 