A TALK Willi A DIVER. " I'm not going lo tell you about ghosts under water, corpses sitting upright in t-lio state-rooms of steamers, with books on their knees, as if they had been reading when thev were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor lias any other diver. You can'b see anything in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories lie's not a diver — except that he dive? away from the truth." "Is there any skill required in the act of diving — I mean getting down to the object on which you arc to work !" " No. That is to say, no particular skill — only care. You must be careful not to - go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too suddens Bub the art of going down is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver down. You seo, his shoes weigh twenty pounds each. Then . he has on his chest and back weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of duik with a layer of rubber between them. To the top part of the dressr ! a collar of copper is affixed, and to ihis the) helmet is firmly screwed after it has beeii placed- over the diver's head. The helihet is large enough to allow a space of three inches arouirtl the head, and there are three tubes through which the air reacues tno interior oi uie uui- meh. Before the diver goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is tq reach below. The life line is tied around his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into, the : helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run Out .-1 as he descends. As he moves about belo'WY those above must regulate the life line aiic! hose, and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they get the signal — a sharp tug ab the line. Some people fancy there's a rush ing sound, or a noise like thunder', made. by the air passing from the hose into the hel- : met. Bub that's nonsense. You don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump. "If those above are watchful foranjr danger signal, and, when they get tlib signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe and sound?" " Usually nob. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; but if anything does happen, it is usually all over with him A tug on the line means death,: especially if he's down deep. Thedivei. . doesn't perish because he's cub off too long from the supply of air, but from the fright- ful pressure. Take, for instance, the.death of Jenkins, in 1878. His hose burst.. They : hauled him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don't care to describe his appearV ; ance. It was harrowing. I can give- youi from an experience of mine, some idea of the the pressure. I was ab work below, .. when suddenly the supply of air gave.; out. I tugged the life line. Fortu nately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. Bub I felt . while they were hauling me as if 1 had -a hydraulic jack on each side of my head; . The hose had nob burst, and the pump had " ; been working all right, so we were at a loss - to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination' of '<< the hose. We found a lot of paper balls' iji- it. I don't know any one who is an enem£ . of mine, so in my case a fool must have ptkt the paper balls in the hose. The kind df danger I have just d-. scribed— that of the stoppage of air and death from pressure:— is - perhaps the greatest, because a diver cah'd) - do anything to avoid it. It i3 the danger qf accident through circumstances beyond hii control. 1'- . "There is another danger, .and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, how- ever, is not often incurred. The dres3 of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm' day the perspiration from a diver, while his) dress is being put on, will sometimes shbVr . through the duck and rubber. Now, when ; you get into the water the delightful cool-: ness makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but once. I slept ab the bottom of a creek soundly for one hour and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during one hour of slack water",' and on going below you fell asleep, and slept : over your time. The tide would come with . a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and that would be the end of you."— Million,'.. \ 