; THE GENERAL ELECTIONS; 2, ELECTORATE OF CASTLEMAINE. SPEECH BY MR. PATTERSON. . CASTLEMAINE, 'TUESDAY. Mr Patterson addressed a crowded meeting of electors in the theatre to night Mr I, Robert, the major, occupied the chair, and, in introducing, the candidate, he said that he had only one fault to find with Mr Patterson, and that was, that he had not been the colony the benefit of his news on the political situation at an earlier period Mr PATTERSON, who was received with loud cheers, said -As I came down the street tonight an elector said, ' I have a whole string of questions to ask you I can only say that I shall be most happy to answer any questions after I had 0 given you nstaUmentof my penson the main topics of the hour The mayor says it is a matter of complaint that I and my friend Mr Gordon hair- not addressed you earlier, but we thought it right that after the Premier had spoken Mr Gillies the leader of the Opposition should have an opportunity of being heard as well as Sir Graham Berry, who is an old and recognised leader, before the addressed our constituents GI NI RAL DI PRESTON I turn afraid that we Victorians are a people of extremes Sometimes we are raised to the habits unduly, and then, with as little real cause, we descend to the lowest depths of woe Just now everyone is going, about she! ing his head and looking as solemn as 11 mate Mr Gillies was credited with rejoicing in a financial boom the biggest on record, but Mr Munro quite put him in the shade by proclaiming that our depression was the deepest of the century Now there is just us little reason in the areas in the other As we vi ere unduly elated 111 the one case, so we are unjustifiably depressed in the other there is really no ground for much of the present same we shall have to be more economical, but with diligence and prudence things will soon be all right again A FEW prominent facts will show we have no real reason to be claimed The total value of ratable property in 1860 was £8J,847,<)1<) and in JSJO ally 31 000 NO 1, SIR) was not II v or of extravagant dulness v, as after the boom-and the municipal initiations are always well under the mark, since it is on these initiations the ratepayers tax themselves Just think, of it there is in increase of over £110 000 000 III the 1 value of improved property Was there ever such 1 record in so short a time with such a limited population Mark also the recent financial operation of the Metropolitan Board of Vi orbs which proves the absurdity of our present state of deep alarm when, according to some people, every thing is going to eternal smash In this small financial circle we were able to offer to take up over a million of money at a comparatively slow rate of interest (A Voice - They did not get it from the workingman ING but they got it for the working manslaughter and cheers) and he will got a great benefit from its expenditure (Cheers) Now, in face of this how can we be in such a bad state as some cloaking people delight to make out ' The truth is we are better off here now by comp inson than the people of any other part of the world things are not looking par securely bright any where Depression exists in New South Wales, in Queensland, in New Zealand, indeed throughout Australasia 1 ookmgat the old world that we find ? A desperate mob in Berlin demanding food (A 104 e -" So are they here ) So they are not him the great difference between this colony and the old world is that there is no pauperism here (Cheers) There was 11 Btm 1 ed populace in Vienna national bank ruptcy in Portugal , from Russia still more heartrending accounts of famine and misery , anarchy bloodshed,iindassiissmationin Pans, ii volutions, murders, and bankruptcy in the south of America even the cannibal complains of the waning supply of fresh meat AM.y, when we compare and look round we are having quite pleasant times of it J. Then there is all the morning over our national debt and the interest we pray Our total debt is £-tJ.GOO.OOO Of this sit and three quarter millions has been expended on our irrigation and a water supply works, including, of course, the 'men can over a million has been expended for educational and general pur- poses, leming £¿1,0011,001» for railways the great bulk of our debt has been spent on a reproductive work which would fetch its cost any day In foot on the lowest computation, our railways are at the present day worth considerably more than they cost The total amount spent upon works that cannot be considered 10 productive is a little more than two millions, the interest on which at 1 per cent would be only about £90,000 per annum, or, taking HW in the money spent on railways only nine millions are left, and this has to be reduced by £2,100 000 to be received from the Metropolitan Board of M orita the present depression is largely due to the Munro Government continually croaking about the bad state of the finances, and now Mr Shiels 11 regret to say, has not changed the tune, but st Casterton sung a dismal requiem over the departed prosperity of the colony Just before criticising the Premiers speech it is but fair to acknowledge his ability as a public speaker His speech bristles with flowers of oratory and rhetorical ability, and in times past he has established a claim to public recognition 111 his efforts at social legislation Whilst he was climbing the ladder of political fame his friends looked on with admiration as he took each upward step but now that he is nearing the top he begins to grow giddy , he seems to be losing courage and clearness of vision, and showing signs that the weights on his feet will probably draw him down (Cheers and laughter ) Fair oovritNMrNi POLICE. The Government complain that their proposals have not been seriously entertained by pretending that up to the present they have not been severely criticised the proposals are numerous and complicated, and some are out of the range of practical politics In fact they are not unlike the defence of the old woman sued for breaking a borrowed 1 ot She said that it was cracked when she "got it secondly it was whole when she returned it and thirdly, she never borrowed it at all (Loud laughter) let us just glance at the ingredients of this strange political pudding The Premier evidently) intended to be very clever, taking plums ! from every platform and sticking them into his own He reminds me of the epicure described by the newsboy as a fellow who can eat anything No other political paint can digest the dish It- is however not only an epicure but a cool but it is Bald providence furnishes fo id but the devil supplies the cook j First he su) s to the squatter ' Plie land tax is an abomination which brings a last) cheer from the large land owners around Casterton well) and he will exempt improvements from taxation At this announcement the) are it had) to fall on his neck and embrace him Having satisfied himself that he has made his seat all right he observes Tra les hall to right of him and J rules hull to left of him, and Dr Maloney with his case eye on him (UiuOiter, and Voice -' Quite right too ) Then he proclaims I will establish a labour department -Simonson Meerawa) rides for all the doctors supporters running up and down and to and fro looking for work an 1 hoping to goodness they will never find it the doctors delight at this knows no bounds and then, observing Mr J renwith waiting for a solatium the 1 remier winks the other eye, and sayS ' there shall be an income tax just over £300 just sufficient to exonerate member of Parliament (I laughter) As that doesn t affect Mr 1 renwith or any of his Lrides hall folk that gentleman inwards) exclaims J excellent young man Then he hauls in a part of the programme of the National Association Swallows the platform of the Progressive Political League bolus bolus, and percolates most crate in all) for the hill station of the Young Victorian lunatic 1 engine (Cries of J oo box ). The teeth tallersaretondof ten so he says nothing- about le imposing the duty on ten Hie publicans trade in I serve 1 spirits and he say s nothing on these items, so that we have drinkers and abstainers falling, into each others arms an 1 blessing the day Shiels was born (foul laughter and cheers) J bus he draws from that great audience at Casterton a chorus of ' A denced clever fellow, Munro viss a fool compared to him (A Voice So he is ! tighter ) Just allow me to refer again to these points and one or two others of the 1 reader may complain of the criticism Jill LWD lit The land tax having for its object the limitation of the area of large estates is in my humble judgment a well meant effort of legislation sound in principle and serving to fortify) the revenue to some extent It is more particularly) operative to bring about a better distribution of land without which extensive settlement of agriculturists and hortieultuiiHtsismuch retarded on the best adapted mens of this colony We must never forget that the land is the mother of all wealth It gives employment to mniiUiml and sets in motion the wheels of an industry) in every) enterprise of life T of low the products of the farmer besides the labour in preparing the soil for the seed, and reaping and gathering the grain con KI 1er for a moment the prosperity it secures and the employment it gives the railway) revenue depends upon it, the handling and shipping of the grain require many men's labour-in short, where should we be were it not for the cultivation of the soil! The land tax is designed to assist, and does assist, that great purpose. The world's surface is limited, and should not be allowed to waste its value in virgin grass to the exclusion of myriads of men who could settle in comfort and plenty. Let us not deserve the reproach of thinking more of flocks and herds than of our own men, women, and children, by suggesting the repeal of a righteous land tax. It is light that a policy should be pursued which will tend to reduce these large estates to a reasonable size. EXEMPTION OF IMPROVEMENTS. Mr. Shiels also proposes to exempt improvements from taxation. In BUCU II case he cannot anticipate much revenue nor assistance to meet the deficit. Except upon grazing land, it is the improvements that give the value. What value has land without improvements? Look at our municipal system. What revenue would the councils have if they made' A valuations on a vacant lot basis? Why, they could not build a culvert, let alone make roads and bridges, PENNY POSTAGE. . To talk in these days about doubling our postage rates is a step backward, particularly when it is remembered that the rate to Europe is only 2d., and it is quite a live question to reduce even that ocean service to a penny. The proposal really is that for a letter from Castlemaine. Chewton. a distance of three miles, the charge shall be twopence, but from Castlemaine to London, 12,000 miles, only a halfpenny more. The Government labour under the erroneous impression that only merchants reap the advantage of the reduction of postage, whereas in that, as in every other thing, the facilities for intercourse and exchange of a knowledge of values quicken trade and cheapen commercial duties to the consumer. (A Voice.-" "of- manslaughter.) Put that boy out. (Laughter.) We must not forget, also, that cheap postage has a large educational and social influence that cannot be measured by the apparent loss of a few pounds to the revenue. THE INCOME TAX. I am opposed to the income tax in a young country where incomes are so fluctuating, and when its collection, according to a still greater Mr. Shell, the Irish statesman, a far greater authority than our Mr. Shiels, brings about an undesirable state of things, " which awards a premium to falsehood and inflicts a penalty on truth-from which honesty cannot escape, and by which fraud cannot be caught." In a country somewhat similar to our own, the United States of America, an income tax was imposed during the war of secession when other taxes were practically uncollectable. When, however, the great national strait had passed, the objectionable. income tax was the first to be repealed, and men of all opinions rejoiced at the removal of a law that had made perjury and false swear- ing familiar, and even venial throughout the land. Further, no step should be taken calculated to drive people of means from the colony, but our object should rather be in the direction of inducing them to make their homes and spend their wealth among us, for the employment of our own people. By tax ing properties, which the state has to protect, we thereby accomplish the same object, whilst avoiding it system which by establish- ing a domestic inquisition creates unlimited perjury and evasion. ! RI utTNcmrr\j I have frequently pointed out that there are too many men in the public services V Voice - Far too many many of them drawing high pay for very little work and undoubtedly great retrenchment can be made and should be made Without impairing efficiency But before we can come at a just estimate of how far the number of public servants is unjustifiable as compared w ith the total number of the community let us see how this service is made up Now there are 27 000 persons paid by the state in this colony At first that seems a startingly large number but when we con sider that 20,000 of these are employed to do work which in other countries is done by private enterprise that brae number is easily supreme 1 I bus 13 000 persons are employed by the railways and 5 000 in the education department. The actual number of persons who are concerned in I executive government and collection of revenue (and these constitute the public service proper) is not large I hope is alw ny s a clamour that Omeminent shall do every thing If the bugs fact in the fruit Government must appoint lUbpcctors and people to hunt them out Inspectors of every imaginable thing mc asked for In fact if certain people ideas were carried out freely, even our wet nurses would be state officials who must have chief inspectors and assistant inspectors for every town and district in the country The whole country is infested with rasped tors, and nobody seems to be doing any more I heard a man say that the best way to destroy the rabbits is to ex, terminate the inspectors (Laughter All must have reports and clerks and deputy assistants and the whole equipment of a Government department for her separate matter and with a new department of industry this would be intensified The chief inspector always wants to ug¡;randlsc his position and increase the number of his silver notes so that if it were allowed we should have inspector to look on while we built a haystack or put up a fowl house This is no sarcasm but is a fair illustration of how the service grows HUH desire for state intervention and consequent increase in officialdom is a peculiarity of certain classes amongst us and should be steadily resisted If it is not stopped, every man will soon have an official perched on his back fence to watch his incomings and out- goings A\ within the last few years we have established new departments of health of agriculture of forests and a Premiers department besides numerous other sub divisions MEIITODS 01 Riait] SCHEME NI The proposed methods of retrenchment are crude and not well thought out the public service itself recognises that it must share in the general depression of the community at large but when reductions are talked of in actual salary it must be borne in mind that these salaries were not increased during the inflated period I have always held that the lower branches of the public service are not overpaid but the service is overmanned and I am opposed to the policy of nibbling the salaries down and keeping men idle, -putting them for any practical pursuit in life I must say that I have always found in the House a desire to increase wages and the public has not raised its voice as it should have done to con leave the system Diligence and industry are the lot of man can fill eence not idleness sweetens the lines and lightens the lot of our working people I inn e been assured by the heads of departments that if they had free choice they could in some cases work then departments at 20 per cent less cost because they would get rid of the drones and keep none but working bees This is the retrenchment that is wanted while political patronage should have no place Merit should be the leading principle in the selection of officers since we can now find and this is actual fact boys at £60 who are employed at higher work than men receiving £400 a by year the good gov ern ment of the country largely depends upon the public service and it is not good policy to belittle it although the officers must be taught that they are as their name implies the servants of the state, no matter what their position [ llAILWA-ïi With respect to railway management, my | opinions are unaltered on) well known, but I decline for electioneering purposes to consider the personal element If the suspension of Mr Speight is to be made an electioneering matter I decline to take part in the discussion the Government must have been of opinion that they could not manage the railways with the old commissioners, and they may have a justification for it but in a British community even the wretched malefactor who is now l)ingin(,aol will have a fair trial, and the Railway Commissioners we 111 not be denied a fair and honest hearing (Cheers) A law was passed last session which entailed upon the Go em mind the duty of calling on the commis- sioners to carry out the Ministers proposals in the event of disagreement 'lines the Government have not done the Govern ment of the country should be the first to uphold the law, and honour able) abide by) every contract Marie the saving to the present commissioner If they do not advise in accordance with the wish of the Minister then fate is sealed, and instead of having commissioners using their practical knowledge, and exercising then in dependent judgment we shall have mere tools of the Minister existing under the worst form of political management when authority in the service will be destroyed, and their orders to tilted with contempt by their own subordinates After the most careful consideration I am constrained to arrive at the opinion that state worked rail way H cannot IJL conducted with success Our i m I tray experiment in this colony has been watched with considerable in force as being an attempt on the part of the state to manage a commercial venture an experiment which has proved a lamentable failure in every country where it has been tried, except under autocratic Government where the railway s are looked upon as adjuncts to the Vi nr department, and primarily used for the transportation of military forces and war material It has been advanced against this view that state management of the postal service is successful. The most superficial observer will at once perceive that the two things are essentially different in the Postal department there is no administrative discretion but the system onto established works auto musically) The rates are uniform and compulsory on all using the service If a le Roi is not stamped it cannot be carried, but this cannot be done with either passed peel or seeds where rates are and where there is practically no check upon the abuse of our rule ii) s being employed to do work for which no return is received CommpreTil management would rectify this but it cannot be hoped for under any political system I have never in my experience known Parliament to attempt to retrench in the Railway department It is always the other was) Increase of salaries increase of vvtigcB more free pass privileges reduction of freights and passenger rates more expenditure on embellishments and useless at mons these are what members clamour for and Parliament approves and real railway retrenchment is never seriously) entertained Under these circumstances I am reluctantly compelled to come to the conclusion that at some not distant day our policy will have to be altered to conform to business principles which can only be carried out by private enterprise J The state in my opinion, may own and construct railways b) modern methods but it cannot work them with satisfaction to the public or advantage to the revenue The attempt is bound to end in scandal and failure What is the lesson con voy ed by the suspension of the commissioner to those at present in office It is this that if their views are not in accordance with those of the Ministry of the day their fate will be sealed in like manner (Hear hear ). It is a resort to political patronage of a worse form than we have ever known It the deputy commissioners don't agree with the Minister the) must go as their predecessors have gone A further unfortunate lesson is that when the workmen see that the heads of the department are so little respected they will also cease to respect them and become insubordinate I say that the time must come in this democratic community when the railways must be worked on an altogether different principle ' ONE MAN Mavern This is a question that during last session rose to an importance it hardly deserved Only a few metropolitan constituencies are affected by it It has no significance for this electorate as at present constituted, but the proposal would have the effect of reducing us to one member, so that I am sure you will request me to object There are many things which, harmless in themselves, become deadly poison when an ed with other ingredients So it is with the one man one V.O.C It is a move at the instance of the present managers in the forefront of equal electorates, which are openly demanded Equal electorates for town and country mean the obliteration of the latter as a political factor When that day arrives tire logan street Trades Hall Parliament will be in power and then ever) lover of this country, of progress pence confidence, and goodwill may say farewell to the paramount desideratum of establishing confidence, either at home in this colony or in the mother land Iheiuou will have a reign of strife bitterness lawlessness instant), repudiation, and train., which town the delight of those vipers who Join) in their country is firm, and MC would become a by) word and a disgrace among nations These are the men who desecrate the b sabbath and scoff at religion (AN once- Amen Laugh her ) I do not care whether a man goes to church or not, but I say that the men who look upon the Sunday its a day for holding meetings of not and disorder are no friends to good government (Cheers) All hope of prosperity would he absolutely) lost and we need no Moses and the prophets to enlighten us as to the consequences of a trades hall Parliament. We could not raise twopence on such security in any part of the world Fortunately, the firm attitude assumed by the country gives a substantial assurance that this great evil will be averted Indeed, the enemy is in full retreat already the country compelled the hands full to take eel team points out of its sitting progressing until a more convenient season and for the assisted reason that the country was touchy we have that faction declaring that the) withdrawal single elec torates for the present I rejoice to see that the farming community from whom we got the man who came to Melbourne to protect the people during a time of not and disorder I rejoice I say to see that these men have caused by the attitude they have taken up, the withdrawal of that proposal But the J Trades hall will reintroduce it whenever they think they have the ghost of a short (line hear) It is said of a s idea that when he was chased by a bull he tumbled over a fence and so saved himself the ball put his head over the fence and bellowed at him when Jucl said Oh its very well to apologise now but you meant it 00 I say of the J reads Ililli whatever their electioneering excuses may be now, about equal electorates they meant it The Premier and his colleagues now declared that they would accept the double vote, That is one for manhood and one in another electorate for property) Mr J Turner, the Commissioner of Customs, said so the other night and he is not only one of the best men in the Ministry, but in the House that is the dual vote If that is so well) we naturally ask did the) love thou estimable members in the Council on this, war issue 'The fear of the members of the Upper House was that the losses were going to rule the cost by taxing reputable citizens and order loving, hard working dwellers in the country in every conceivable fashion to keep there in the over grown metropolis in the an air) of laziness rOCK TAX I may illustrate the stock has movement by an anecdote A visitor to Chicago build to his guide, "How is it you have no orphan asylums here'" "Oh," was the answer, " the divorce laws are so easy and marriage so frequent that the children have a choice of a great many fathers, hence no orphans " (Loud laughter ). That is about the way with the stock tax A little was late and it had no parents, now it is fathered by the country party, the National Association, the Government, and the Trades-hall They are all patting it on the head, saying, "This is an boy. Isn't it like his dad a ' But for myself, whilst I am unwilling to deny the farmer um thing that will benefit him, I am barely within the family circle the farmers are on the side of order and good government, therefore, I am on their side If a man goes into the House erect ing that he will get every thing exactly as he wants it he will make a mistake In politics there must be give and take I have had to support many things I did not actually believe in in order to secure the passage of more important measures My day natives are entirely with the farmers, and if they believe it will be good for them to have a stock tax, I will be guided by their judgment rather than by my own (Hear, hear) But I had hoped to see Melbourne the Chicago of Australia by encouraging freezing establishments for the exportation of our surplus meat, thus adding to our exportable products PRODUCES Our prosperity depends upon on increase and variety of products, and the adaptation of the latest in mentions in mechanical skill Temporary) scheme of relief ino unavailing Vi a must look to the multiplication of our products and settlement of the people on the land Agriculture, Horticulture, mining, and manufacturing, all must be encouraged as tending to increase the productive powers of the country, and thus making ourselves absolute)) independence of foreign loans and of Government went missing this and this only is the way to establish confidence, Mills i total revenue of £8 181,751, or even one of radwuysot £5,177,170,there is nothing in our indebtedness to cause the slightest alarm With taxation on the luxuries of life, with economy in the public service, reduction in the number of public servants, proper management in the department to prevent overcrowding, but seeing that every man who receives a full days wage does a i hair day s work by that means the two sides of the ledger w ill in a short time be adjusted without i resorting to the to National ei anything in the bear ena above and the earth beneath We must show confidence in ourselves and our own resources before we can expect others to have confidence in us Like the countryman of old, We must put our own shoulders to the ii heel, or else Jupiter will refuse his aid The Government refused the advice I gave them in Parliament to put the last loan on the local market because they thought it would withdraw money tram those trumpery financial institutions which had done so much harm But why should men who have saved money be obliged to put it in such things as these, and Mr Munro refused to raise a loan in this country, as he might easily have done because he did not want to deplete these societies HOW TO RESTORE, CONFIDENCE. Now comes the question, will we restore confidence by decrying capital, by fomenting mischief, by preaching not and revolution within our own borders and repudiation beyond' Wl o would lend him shillings on i 'prices hall Government that belongs to a league which proclaims against banks and bankers, against employers of labour, against capital, and against every form of political, social, and religious progression ' Our colony has not been built up in that way On the other hand, if wetiavclon the well-worn road to progress, b) diligence and industry we shall have prosperity at home and respect abroad. In the Shiels programme I observe that he is the exponent of all the worst planks in the Trades-hall platform. The labour department would be better indeed the lazy department, since it would only be used as a refuge for all the agitators and idle shirkers who now pose as friends of the workers. I can only any it matters not what kind of the country we have, if the people submit to be led by those who delight in fomenting ill-feeling between man and man and between employer and employed, and in creating mutual distrust and enmity, we cannot hope to progress. And now-, gentlemen, just one word before I close. At this juncture it behoves us all to stand firm, to bethink ourselves how we can best lift the state coach on to the road that leads to peace and progress. To do this we must work together for the one common object, and we must sink all personal animosities, and allow the larger issues of national prosperity and national progress to loom up in our minds. The tendency of ignorant prejudice is always to lower, but our object is to level upwards, It is, therefore, the paramount duty of those who may be trusted to see with the clearer vision to firmly withstand all attempts to roll the wheels of the car of progress backwards. In doing this and taking vigorous measures to enforce our views we are putting no restraint on real freedom, for we are told " That wholesome laws preserve us free By starting of our liberty." Tyranny of all kinds must be opposed, and Bad experience tells us that Trades- hall tyrunnyistfie worst kind possible. Tradesduill Government means trade quarrels, strikes, and starvation, more unemployed, and fewer at work. It means trade disorganisation, and the whole country set by the ears. It means scowling, stern-faced men lounging listlessly in the street corners, when they require only to be guided in the paths of peace and brotherhood, earning urged by fair wages. TradeS-hall rule means the triumph for a time of the socialist and revolutionary rubble thaturealwtiys onlytooreadyto inflame' the passions of the more violent and ignorant among us. Let it then be our task, gentlemen, to prevent this. Let us, us lovers of law and order, as true friends of this fair and fertile land, as worthy heirs of the glorious heritage handed down to us by the pioneers of 20 years ago, and which, unblemished and improved, we wish to transmit to our children and children's children - let it then be our task I say, to manfully, stand against all attempts to hand, over this priceless trust to ignorant, mischievous demagogues. Let us sink all our petty prejudices, and in the true spirit of practical patriotism, light ever onward and upward in our endeavour to maintain the high standard set us by the founders of, perhaps, the fairest land the sun ever saw. Every one of us has a duty to perform. Let every man fulfil his part, remembering the words of England's poet " Not once or twice in our fair island's story, The path of duty was the way to glory.". Let each of us boldly do our duty, and then, there is nothing to fear. (Cheers.) If my lengthened service and friendship for the people of Castlemaine are not sufficient to secure my return, then I don't want to go back to Parliament. Although some of you may complain that I have not had a drain made here and a flag put down there, I can assure you that my zeal for you is not flagging. (Laughter and loud cheers.) - In answer to questions, the candidate said he could not see how an absentee tons could be imposed without penalising the men who lent us their capital for Investment in the country, he had voted for an increase in Mr. Speight's salary because he was obliged to support the measures of the Government he was connected with, and the question was not important enough to make a rupture about, but he disapproved of the increase, and regretted that it had been made. A vote of confidence was carried, on the motion of Councillor Mitchell and Mr. J. M. S. Thompson. I LU/LORAIL 01 TOORAK 10 rillLMEN- 01 SIR M LTD WIES Sir M H Da\itshus written to Mr A Q MInt)ie, Mr McKinley, and Mr Arkle intimating that as Mr Langton will note tire Lorn his candidature Sir Matthew does not purpose proceeding am further He adds, "M) health will not allow me to undergo the fatigue and excitement of a contested election is Mr M Intyre, who did not intend contest ing the election in opposition to Sir M H Danes, will now probably proceed with his candidature 1 LI MORALE 01 SP MLDV A meeting of the opponents of the. one man one vote policy of the present Government in fact one of the candidature of Dr W I) 1 milling was held last evening in the committee room of the St Kilda town hall The room was crowded, and the proceedings were marked with great enthusiasm A large number of gentlemen gave in their names as willing to work actively, and allotted themselves into three committees, one for each division of the electorate, An, Balaclava, St Kilda I nat and St Kilda West All those willing to join these com- notices are united by advertisement to meet this evening at the places mentioned Di ] ambling is announced to address the electors at the town hall on Friday evening next, when the mayor will preside 1 LI CORAL OF' 'THE. EASTERN SUBURBS MR FRANK MADDEN' AL' MALVERN Mr Frank Madden, one of the candidates for the astemSuburbsl electorate, addressed the electors at the Shire hall Malvern, yesterday evening Mr Alex McKinley), president of the line, occupied the chair at the commencement of the meeting, but was compelled by a pirate engagement to vacate his position in favour of Mr R O'Donnell Mr MADDEN, who was" cordially races ed, repeated his declaration of the previous evening to the effect that he differed from Mr Gillies march upon the Trades hall proposal of one man one vote, a proposal which was merely an attempt to secure the whole government of Victoria for the impudent agitators who called them selves the leaders of the labour party (Cheers, and cubs of ' Iso ) the result would simply be that the Parliament of the country would be transferred to Lygon street. He was entirely in favour of the dual vote which he would support if returned to the House As recorded finance, the first question was to restore confidence and get rid of the deficit which was hampering us We win. hard up but we were not insolvent, and we could show the world that we were not and had to find ourselves in order to pay out debts That was the proper self reliant position for a young nation (Hear, hear The sweeping retrench- ment proposed in the public suit vice he did not approve of, holding it to be an ultra democratic act fraught with great injustice Let us tax ourselves first then put the public service in order and if we could save money so much the better If direct taxation were necessary), he would prefer improper) rather than income tax as better calculated to reach all those who should contribute, especially the obnoxious class of absentees An income tax, moreover, was peculiarly difficult to adjust hill collect and would require an army of iiK|UiaitoiJ to be enrolled at once The stock all. us picMOUsl) saul, towns in favour of being a farmer himself, and strong) holding the opinion that this was the only means by which the farmers could share in the benefits of protection sever) implement and appliance used by the farmer, down to the bruise on his wheels was taxed at present and the trades desired now to tax his produce by putting an impost on sheepskins On one question that of education, he had been widely misrepresented He was and always had been in favour of the 1 dietitian Act in its entirety in his onion n our children could be brought up side by side as Australians w lthoul being taught to hate one another for the love of God (Uieeitj and laughter ) In reply to questions. Mr MADDEN said, although in favour of taxing gus and tram slums "c , he would not give a vote for those A vote should be given not for property that could pass like a bank note but for manhood and real property on!) He wuastion.ly intaiourotlocaloption, butceituuil) nut without compensation V man had to pay a heavy sum to get into a hotel and often to give it bill its are and why should he be ruined I accuse home other pi opie dide red from him in opinion as to female suffrage in bills veil in letting the ladies stay at home and mind their babies (Hear, hear, and cries of Oh The habitants and muKiunib which be longed to the people should be opened on Sundays for those who desired to visit them Hinno who did not could stay away He would abolish the free pass system on the railways, except for members of Parliament while the House was sitting He would be di limited to vote for a bill to ibohshpuy in not of members system which had brought into the House a most undesirable class of tr idea, politicians to show his sincerity) he would if returned devote to the constituency all the injury he received after payment of his election expenses VnLlectoi - Is the candidate in favour of suspending the commission is Mr Minnis N - flies are entirely suspended issues as they an be had do not want to hang them, do you' (Great laughter ) As to the lessons of the susp using he could not pronounce an open n until he heard them A ben tax was a very reason able way of raisin, avenue and might yarns over out deficit without the need sity of the property) tax of which he had spoken He would not consent to so crude a proposal as to given contracted a loan over the building is erected and leave the work men unprotected for the recovery of their wages The workmen were as much entitled to a hen as the contractor It returned to Parliament he would sit in direct opposition to the Shiels Government (Cheers) As regards 1 Sir Graham Barry) a man must be judged by his past and if that gentleman galloped up to his old form he certainly would not support a government with him at its head - Mr W kno. moved and Mr Y H Robert son seconded a vote of confidence in the can lula to Mr I His declared that the Shiels Govern ment was the only Liberal gov eminent the had had for years and protested that the ranch date had endeavoured to set class against class The speaker was interrupted by clamour and compelled to resume his sent and the motion was then earned and by a large majority MU GILLI! S TT-AMUri-WELI Mr Gillies addressed the electors of the Eastern Suburbs at the Shire hall, Camberwell last evening" Mr T H Brain president of the Boroondara shire occupied the chair, and the hall was crowded Mr Gurr's in the course of his address said that a metropolitan journal had stated that it cost 134 000 000 to complete the lines included in the Railway ii) Construction Act of lbS! which it was asserted he told 1 arba ment would only cost £7,000 000 That statement was quite untrue and emanated from a journal which during the last a year never need a good word to say of him. He had told Parliament that the construction of these lines would cost Co 000 000 and the additional cost was £2 500,000 The total cost was therefore £7 800.000 instead of to. 000 000 An amount of LAW 000 000 was certainly borrowers railway works during a certain time but the whole of it was not spent in constructing the lines authorised by the Railway Act of 1884 Nearly half of it was expended in carrying out public works and providing rolling stock It was absurd to throw any aspersion on the credit of the colon) Nothing had been done by the late Government to create any loss of confidence and the fear that there would be any repudiation of just debts was quite groundless He borrowed money had been spent in reproductive works which if disposed of to morrow would pay all the debts of the colony) There were no better constructed railways in the world than those of A return In them the colony had a property which was a credit to every man who had anything to do with them (Cheers ) It was said that the finances had gone wrong but they had not gone wrong while they were under his charge (Laughter) When he left office he brought forward a credit balance of £_7_,000 Mr Munro had made it out to be in debit I dance of 1.700,000 but the report of the Audit commissioners had shown him to be wrong In connection with the projected changes in the Railway department it was proposed to reduce the mileage and increase the freights He had thought a good deal over this question years ago and he did not say that the mileage should not be touched but before anything was done the Government ought to be perfectly certain of their (ground It the Government had come to any conclusions on the subject they should let the electors know what they were (Cheers) the proposed changes in the time tables ought to be notified before the elections took place so that candidates might be in a position to say vvhetherthc)n"reedvviththcmoinot (Chura ) It was of the utmost consequence to ii sidents of the suburbs to know u bethel trams were to be taken off instead of being put on (Hear hear ) If he found that time of the chances would detrimentally affect his district the Government would have the worst task the) ever had since they had been in office in carrying them out (Cheers The notice 1 in connection with the suspension of the Railway Commissioners that candidates till agreed that until the) heard both sides they could not give a judgment on the matter YY Without any hesitation he said that what he had lead in the newspapers afforded him no information as to the real grounds upon which the commissioners appeared to have been suspended He had read Mr Shiel's speech most carefully) and he saw nothing, in that speech to justify the suspension of the commissioners (Cheers ). It seemed to him that the Government had got into an owl and position through not carrying out the provision in the amending act of last session enabling them to call upon the Railway Commissioners to carry out their ideas (Cheers ) in answer to questions Mr Gillies said that if the question of opening the 1 Public Library on Sundays had to be decided I) PiiTliameut he would vote for it (Cheers) Mr Speicjitssilary could not be reduced as it was fixed by on act of Parliament He was in the same position as the judges the audit commissioners and the public service commissioners He did not think the absentee tax was worth troubling- about It would only yield about £18 000 in year He was in favour of continuing for some time longer the bonus on the export of butter the industry was making excellent progress, and every thing should be done to establish it on afifmbiisis (Cheers) he intended voting for a small increase of the stock tax the position of matters in connection with federation having changed since this matter was last before 1 argument He was not satisfied with the results achieved under the homestead system in New Zealand and South Australia but if an) practical scheme were submitted which could attain the object sought he would support it He did not propose to join in any movement that meant heavy expenditure by the Government unless he saw a fair chance of success ("em hear) the eight hours move ment did not require to be made the subject of legislation The great principle was ahead) sufficiently well recognised in the colony (Hear hear ) Mr F Dillon proposed and Mr I (call seconded a motion of confidence in the em didate Mr W IT Ball went on to the platform to move an amendment, but he was hauled down The motion was caused by a large majority ELeCtORATE 01 COI LINC WOOD MESSRS INALL. .NDUWCOGf. AT 'THE TOWN-HALL SOME. CURIOUS ST VI EMI 218 Messrs Heath) and Hancock, the ii thing members for Collingwood, add a used the electors last night at the local town hall there was a crowded attendance and Mr W Batchelor occupied the chair Mr HiA7in spoke for an hour, and traversed the main items in the Government programme In order to carry one man one vote into law it was necessity that there should be an immediate reform of the Upper house in the direction of empowering the Governor to dissolve it under certain circumstances the platform or in the gressne Political League was an excellent one but after a few years they would get something further Mr ll.vcooi. had an enthusiastic reception In the course of his and this he said he had made it not in the other members during the session ha ha I spent in Parliament ( Hem, in it, and laughter) He had done this not out of pure cussedness, but because upper limit truths had to be toll (Betty, then Half the session had been wasted over the federation scheme, which was to most as proper and intolerant system, and nothing out one gigantic deadly scheme to Ininti this country over to the squattocracy The federation scheme, if adopted, would lend inevitably) to civil war A great dull had been said about his (Mr. Hancock) opinions, and he had been particular)! attacked by the Madden family St Paul said that the Cretans were all Inn s Well the Madden family) must have come from Crete (Laughter ) Walter Madden had said that the question for the present election was whether Parliament of the Trade s hull was to control the country Walter Mud den particularised Mr Trenwith and him self (Mr Hancock) is most dangerous men Well, he supposed Collingwood wanted him to be dangerous (Laughter and applause ) Dr Madden was mother of thesumefami!) Mr '1 Trenwith moved in the Assembly for an inquiry to be made into a conspiracy entered into by the Bank of Any trialists and asked that a committee, consist ing of him (Mr Hancock) and two or three others should be appointed, and one of the charges was a charge Against Dr Madden of baling attempted whilstAlnuaterot hitherto defeat the ends of justice In (our clingstone ments, and that was why the Madden 1 family true the lousthntMr Trenwith and himself should not go into Parliament They were received last session but they would bring the in itUi up next session if he were returned (Loud applause ) This Dr Madden said it On Hancock he may be a very u spa table citizen he (Mr Hancock) could not turn the compania lit-(luu-Jiter)-' but when he gets on the platform he begins to talk about looting the bind a and cutting the throat of capital Ison, 'Iht Alum had attributed st in such statements to him, but he did not know whiting were made He pi rolls night the young pup of the burial- 1 nail Miiddm-hu1 been on the Job (foul lui.__.hr i) He w invited to our e an I all ye that cousin it we in a "(call on me Mr Duncan China (Leighton ) nothing -chairman Mr Foley paper '.louis)-lil a wise man and the people of the < final sawdust That sum of the con minute in li i hull I me a full ur «piibintiitiit sinn lm, up Had makes such a speech IIB this -"Shiels and W Wheeler were both appointed Minister of Badw n) s I am surprised at their action) in taking that position ; but fools rush in where angels fear to tread Why, even I would not have taken it (Laughter) Just fancy) this pioneer of industry this monarch of Flinders lane, this man who made more out of tea and oatmeal ' (Laughter) These were then critics and they had only to boil down their utterances to see what utter nonsense and not the) west (Applause ) In the House there were many men who followed each other like a lot of Boers (Laughter) As for the intelligence of men with property, it was on open secret that there was oncgcntlomnn in the Legislative Council itself who could not write the protective system should be extended, and the drawback system, which was mere daylight robbery, should be abolished The Employers' Liability) Act was a unanimous piece of legislation and should be repealed or remodelled i The reforms now proposed were only an instalment of what was wanted If they could secure " one man one vote everything else was possible, and he certainly did not believe in that measure being delayed till the third session In reply) to questions, Mr Hancock said he was in favour of a bill to compel nil contractors for Government work to pay the standard rates of wages he would abolish all companies [ undid! monopolies, and make the state the sole employer over all monopolies ri,rcioTAiL 01 "this MJ-LLOUBM C YNMDATUKr OF MR. MALOMJY Mr Maloney addressed it very large meeting of the electors of West Melbourne at the North Melbourne Town hall yesterday Mr Charles Drake, president of the Progressive Political League, occupied the chair Mr MAU.M.Y, who was received with loud cheers, said in the course of his speech that it was untrue that he had ever opposed the proposal to grant an extra (ld per day) to certain employes in the railway service The proposal had been shelved and would con- times to be shelved for all eternity until working men were sent into Parliament to see it carried (Cheers ) The Government ought to start reproductive works for the un- employed who were in great distress in the words of a poem written by the chairman on the unemployed he might say) - To-day they plead for work for bread To morrow-wliosliall says The desired to compliment his friend Mr 1 line for the good work which he had done for the unemployed If anyone disbelieved in the present distress they could see 30 or 40 extreme cases every Monday night by going with him, and would recognise that it was the duty of the Government to provide work And Peter!) Gentleman -All claptrap and nonsense (Uproar The speaker continued to denounce the views of the candidate, but was rapidly ejected into the street through a side door ) Mr MA-OMI, resuming, said that the one man one vote principle was the corner stone of democracy, and if the Government would not bring it forward next session he would do so himself (Cheers ) If the Legisla vc Council threw out the bill three times altogether, he would make one to go for the abolition of that Chamber altogether (Cheers ) Among those who had supported the principle on a former occasion were Dr. Madden and Mr. Purves, Q 0 , and yet these two gentlemen recently took a prominent part in forming a trades union which was a blackguardism to cry desertion The combina- tion was illegal, and they ought both to have been put in gaol The miserable question of thrift was raised against the one man one vote Thrift was not a virtue at all, nor were the most parsimonious qu little which went to produce it virtues It a vote was to be given for property, who would get it Dives of Lazarus ' shot the man who went to heaven certainly, but the man who was said to have gone to the other place (Cheers ) Christ himself would not hold a vote for property and those who favoured such a vote were supporters of Mammon It was said every 81 people in the colony had to cart a civil servant on their backs He hoped that the time would soon come when every person in the community would be a Government servant and when the state would be the only landlord and the only manufacturer (Cheers ) No salary) should be more than in a week. or less than AS a week, and all thuprolitsiind dividends should go to the workers it returned he would endeavour again to get a tree universal) but it was like talking to a brick wall to talk to some members the Public Service Board ought to be wiped out Sir Graham Berry had a hand in training at but wusnowspeiik Ulg llglllllbt it A Voice He is not what he used to be Mr VUQM'V. was afraid not, and he hoped that Brunswick would show Sir Graham Berry) so He would be glad enough to set him in Parliament but it ought to be for local (Laughter ) The Purification of the Rolls Act was most unjust, and if he was returned he would see that a clause was introduced providing a penalty for any register a or rate collector who took a name wrongly off the roll Hanover broke a pledge or a promise since he had been in Parliament the Melbourne and Australian Clubs outfit to be closed on Sundays, just like any other hotels and if he was returned he would bring in a bill to that effect A vote of confidence in the candidate closed the proceedings ELECTORATE OF EMERALD HILL. Mrs. HANSEN AT THE SKATING RINK. Mr. Thomas Hansen, one of the candidates for Emerald Hill, tiddiei|ied a meeting of the electors at the skating rink last night. Mr. Broadbent was in the chair. The meeting was not, however, inclined to regard the proceedings seriously, although the candidate promised that if they wanted fun he would let them lune the skating rink and a piano any night they pleased, Mr. HAW»-.' explained his political programme with some difficulty, He would begin by asking them whether they wanted work? ("No, no.") Did they want wages? ("Yes, yes.") If they wanted wages the way to get them was to build canals an the Holtham plains instead of railways-thus all the money would be spent on labour and none on imported material. Parliament should have been called together before the Railway Commissioners were suspended. All the trouble had come about through railway making. The remedy was not to make any more. They could never lock the Murray until they had federation. A Voice Are you in favour of reciprocity ? Another Voice. Who ? (Loud laughter.) Mr. H.VNsi.N.-Uii, For God's sake shut up. (Laughter.) An Elector You must use parliamentary language. Mr. HAKHRK said he favoured the system of small holdings near Melbourne and had prepared complete plans on the subject. Itewas opposed to one man one vote" and the proposed increase in the stock tax. The stock tax meant dear meat. Ilia view about strikes was that if the men who went out on strike were paid full wages no one could be got to take their places. A Voice Roma of them would never go back to work' again. Mr. HANSI:N also said that he favoured local option and the opening of libraries on Sundays, but opposed the butter bonus. He was also an advocate for protection. An Elector, W)ent would you do if the rest of the world put a protective duty on our wool, wheat, butter, and wine? Mr. IIAKHKN said he would then get very frightened indeed. (Laughter.) He was in favour of an absentee tax. A Voice. What sort of tea did you say? (Laughter.) 'I'll Interruptions, which came chiefly from a number of youths at the back of the hall, became! so continuous that it was impossible to continue their meeting further, and the proceedings closed. l.Ll.(".'01!ATE Oil' STAWELL. STAWELL,-Tu-sa.Y. The following candidates have announced their intention of contesting the forthcoming election Messrs. John H. Burton, H. H. Wettenhall. William U, Martin, Charles A. Atkins, Al ft ed H, Clemes, and James Holden. A number of others me also mentioned as likely to stand. ELECTORATE OF POLWARTH. COLAC, TUESDAY. To-day Mr. Chas. Hitelianan, a candidate for Polwarth, announced his retirement from the contest in the interests of Mr. Forrest, The contest will now be between Mr. For rest and Mr. Baker. TO-NIGHT'S M KETINGS. Bourke East Mr. li. Harper, at Greensborough, at (j. Collingwood Mr. Upton, at the Brickmakers' Arms, Simpson's-road, at 8 Eastern Suburbs Mr. Gillies, at Surrey Hills, at 8. Mr. V. Madden, at the Camber- well Shire-hall!, at 8. -ootuk.-Mr. A. M'Kinley, at the Shire hall, Malvern, sit 8. Melbourne South-st, Mountain, at the fourth Melbourne Town-hall, utS. 