A DOCTOR'S RESEDEN5E ROBBED. A most daring burglary was perpetrated about 2 o'clock ou Tuesday morning at the house of Dr Branson, in Church street, Richmond. All the inmates were wrapped in slumber, and about the time above mentioned Mrs Branson was .dimly conscious of someone moving about iu an adjoining dressing room, but did not open her eyes, thinking it was probably her husband, until at last she was aroused to full consciousness by the sound ot something coming into contact with a water jug. She was surprised to see the doctor in bed while the gas in the dressing room was burning full blaze. She jumped up, and just as she reached the door, a man rose up from the floor from amidst a heap ©f wearing apparel which he had taken frGm a wardrobe and was rifling, and disappeared through an opposite door. Her alarm aroused the doctor, who seized a revolver and gave chase, -going downstairs towards the front door, but the thief had entered the bathroom, crept out of the window on to a ledge, and thence reached the garden by means of a ladder which had evidently been placed there t-o assist his ingress. Examination showed that the thief had succeeded in taking articles valued at abouBbG, compris ing a set of gold and pearl studsfresognisable by the maker's name), a knife, a ther mometer, aud about 15s in silver from the pocket of the doctor's trousers, which had been hanging over a chair. It was lucky the midnight visitor was disturbed so soon, for just behind the door by which be had entered stood a chest of drawers containing Mrs Branson's jewellery, valued at- nearly 1200, while on the top, and easily discernible, lay her purse, containing about L25incash, which was for the payment of . the monthly accounts. The police, from the traces lefHoehind, consider that the intruder Was one of a gang of skilled burglars who are known to be operating around Mel bourne. " The ghost still walks" at Coburg. On Tuesday night tiie idiotic = apparition waltzed around Bell Park and scared the life out of some young ladies on their way home. A number of young fellows have resolved to lay the ghost out if they get a chapce. \- A member of the Cabinet ridicules the tactics- of the Opposition. He says there is a want of policy as well as of polish in their style. Members say the same of the Ft® miet's metaphors, 