A.M0NG The Boxkiis. (contin'ui;i) 1'itoM paOl: o.j coiuji:tt v. jackson. And yot it is doubtful if Jamos J. Corbott il tho Champiuu Huavy-wnight Pugilist of tha World. Thero is only one man, i'olur Jaokaon, whose porformiuicus (five him thu right, to [Maputo with Cuibutb thu titlu ho.' won from John L. Sullivan. That Charley Mitchell, Jou Goddard und all tho other loud talkors would not stand thu ghost of a show against Corbott or Jackson ia tho overwhelming opinion of tho sporting world. It is a pretty miro thing that if Sullivan oould not hit Corbott, neither Mitolioll or Goddnrd could do it. Aa to Jackson, his draw fight with. Corbott iu thia nii.v irtvnu liitn n tvnli.fluflnnrt ritrlif. in tinnt.tiff battle to oottlo tho question of tho charapiou ahlp. . Dispatchoi from tho Kast state that Corbott Ims mode up his mind to givo tho sublo fighter tho covetod oliaucc as kooii :ih his thoatrical liontriiot with William A. Brady uipiros. Ai » mouoy /unking proposition it would bo tho hoight of folly for Corbott to outer tbo ring Again when there am ho many dollars iu nighi an tho statro. ' When tho publio has boon surfeitod with Corbett as au actor it will bo ,' timo enough for him to urrango another fight. ' ' _ ' Parson ' Davios, who roprosonts Jaokaon, ' J; saya his man concedes to Corbett tbo right to - ;?; ' -v-; amass money for a whilo, but iu a fow months , ' . ho will oxpool tho Californiau to deiosd hi* . ?; '?'' titio. . ? . ? ? ; . ?. -??,. Nothing, would anit tho admirers of th» | . prizo-ring more than to soo theso mon com* ,. _ togother again. Thoy uro tho most Boioatiflo , ' ' - Ughtors in the world to-day, and tho battlo, If '-: over it takes place, will bo a splondid si hibition of tho inguniouu ring tootics adopted by tlio modern school of pugilietu. How the fi^'ht would ond is what tho sports aro asking . ouch other. Taking tho fight buforu the .' California Atblotic Club on May 21, 1890, as j a criterion. It is hard for two mon to agree on who should win tho noxt battlo. .? ? OnthatnigutCorbottwoighodsixtoonponnds .' ? ' ? .'. loss than Jackaon. Both nion displayed ro- I markuble endurance, beautiful scienoo, mar- 1 volloua agility, but woak hitting poworu. They ; wero both iu bad condition. Jackson bad in jured one of bis ankles, jmd tlimking he hod a - cinch on winning tbo fight, ho ncgloctod his . training, nnd iudulgoil himself in a mannor '? that was not customary with him. Corbott j was a sick man when ho entered the ring. H* i was comparati7oly a novico, nnd Tirtnallj;' nothing but an uudovolopod youth. Never- j! theloda ho stayed sixty-ouo rounda with : Jnckson, und it was concodod at tho end that ho had a littlo tho bust of tho figfat. Tn» dusky champion was vory weak, but managed to conceal his condition from his antagonist. When tho men mot at a bath-bouso aftor th» battlo, Corbott noted with surpriso how weak and dilapidated Jackson really was. 'If I had known how used up you woro I would havo done for you, but you foolod m», Peter,1' eaid Corbott. | Tho colorod man showed liia tooth with a ? broad grin, and made no answer. Sinco that night a great improvement has token place ia Corbett. Ho in a fully developod man, big ? and strong. Under tho curoful supervision of ', hia trainera hia bouos and musolos havo bcea ,' maturod, strengthened, and hardened. Tha / - : weak bands that could not hit Potor Jackson 1 ' bard enough to knock him Bonsolens have be- I como the strong flats that laid John L. Sul- I livan low. Back of tho fists the wrists and ' arms that woro like yonng saplings when Cor- ? bett fought Jackson havo bocome, throngh caroful manipulation at strengthening machines, tho bars of steel that won tba championship* His wind, always good, has boen ao improved that his trainorB confidently asserted that he could havo fonght a hundred rounds with Sullivan nt tho pace they were going. In abort, tho Corbottof to- day, in con man of two years ago. Hns Jackaon improvod ? Men who, havo fol lowed his career say ho has rnached tho hUee of lifo that provonts further building, np His battlo with Slavin demonstrated that Jackson has forgotten nono of his olover ring tactics, nnd that ho can bring himself to splondid form if ho trains faithfully. Tho improvement Corbott hes mado in himself puts him about, - ou an equality with Jackson when the latter is - fit. Ii JnckEOn had beeu in condition tho night ho fought Corbett, tho ring curior iff , the California-.! would havo ended then aid.' thero. Now things havo chnnged. Wbeil , ,' , thoy moot again it will be on equal terms In }jj,i.' tho moantimo no pugilistic enthusiast wants' I - ' to die until ho has seen.tlio battle. C; Ji , Sullivan'a apologists Bay that whisky and' ^ry^ not Corbett whippod the big fellow. There. -..,!'...V . aro many men' in thia city qualified to jndgii 'J V ) ' tho morits of fighters, and they unito in. the ? - * judgment that Corbott oonld havo whipped ? Sullivan tho beat day tbo latter ovor saw;: In oruor lo wuip uniuuiiiii iiuuuMary; wj 'iuiiu Wowb, and the judgos say that if Sullivan' had ' . uevor drank a drop of liquor iu his HfojCorbett could have ovaded his rushes just as ..cle'verly as ho ' did last Wednesday night. .Judging from thedespatches rocoived from Now Orloaus beforo arid after tho fight, Sullivan was declared vo bo in superb fix, and the ex-ohampion:.bim- / self stated that ho conld not charge his' do- ' , foat to laok of propor traiuiug'.— S.F. Chkoniolb. - ; 