S' <,"? <*-. ^ dtofcs and Continents. A GBEAT fire is reported to bare occurred at Callao, Peru, South America. The offices of the Pacific and South Ameri can Steamshipping Company were destroyed. DESPATCHES which hare been re ceived from the Congo State prove that M. Poumeylar and thirty of his followers were murdered by the natives in a similar manner to SI. Crampel and his followers. NEWS has been received of a ter rible disaster in Japan. A typhoon and afterwards an earthquake were experienced at Tokushina, resulting in the death of COO persons. The Government are supporting 1000 persons, who are rendered destitute. J. Silberbeeg, erstwhile a pro minent racehorse owner and bookmaker (he once won the A. J.C. Derby with Woodlands) is dead. " Ho had fared rather badly of late years," say the papers. This is indeed putting it mildly. Barcoo men will remember how he scooped the pool in Tambo and Blackall Bome years ago. David BOWES, one of the men con victed for rioting at CJermont, and sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment, is to be released in a day or so, as his term will by that time have expired. The sureties re quired for his good behaviour have been obtained. We (Townsvillc Bulletin) regret to announce the death at his residence at Card well, of Mr. G-. J. Giffin, late Police magis trate and Sub-collector of Customs at that port. Previous to his Cardwell appointment the deceased gentleman was for many years in the Customs Department at Bockhanipton. He retired in 1885 on a well- earned pension. ANOTHER circus is making its way towards Barcaldine, according to the Charle ville Times. The paper says the show is far before anything ever seen before in Charle ville, and refers to a "grand procession," with a " great cavalcade of chariots," and other nice things which delight the hearts of the rising generation. THE Victorian Government have made arrangements with an association re presented by the Rev. H. Tucker and tho Rev. Dr. Strong, to drain Kilferra Swamp, near Benalla, Victoria. A settlement will be formed in the neighborhood, and the men will take it in turns to do this work, the amount received for it being paid into the common fund for the use of the settlement. THE S. S. CLoncurry arrived at Gladstone on Thursday week, says the Northern Argus, and sailed for Gomen, New Caledonia on Saturday, taking.with her 370 head of cattle. A great many of these came from the Central District. According to the system adopted for die shipment of the cattlo, they can be driven on board at the rate of 100 per every 15 minutes. A BUSHMAN, tried at Sydney, N.S. W., last week, on a charge of having at "tempted to poison a squatter named Walmsley, made this eloquent defenco:-"I know no more of the whole thing nor a blockfeller or a crow. I been in Roosha an' Proosha an' Hamburg, where Mister Walmsley kem fr^m, an' nother countries, an' I know more about Mister Walmsley's country nor Misterv Wamsley hisself. I aint no junk of wood." Acquitted with cclal. A KANAKA in the employment of Peak Vale Station (says the Teak Downs Telegram) was admitted to tho local hospital on Wednesday morning last, suffering from injuries received whilst riding through the bush. _ It appears that his head came in con tact with the overhanging bough of a tree, the foliage of which caught one of his oars, almost severing that member from his head. He injuries, though painful, ore not con sidered dangerous. A novel match (writes the Thargo mindah Herald Eromanga correspondent) took place on a line of fence now in course of creation on Eurongella station, when James Hendry and Arthur Weasel bored posts for £20 aside. Hendry won, boring 172 posts to Weasel's 157 in six hours ana a quarter. The posts were five inches or over, and were bored for five wires. It is very likely there will be another match before long. THE latest news from the scene of the great railway strike in the United States, nays Thursday's Argus, announoes that the American troops and the pointsmen came into collision on the Erie railway line, four of the latter being killed. The Labor Union is conferring with the object of extending the strike on the other railway lines. A civil war seems imminent. Later news up to Tuesday is as'.follows:-The situation 1b grave in the-tnjmne. Upwards of 20,000 strikers are maJHng on the Erie line. The troops are all bong called out. Tho strikers have derailed k'train proceeding towards Niagara. Nbine was killed. The situation continues tommum more acute eVery hoar. Further aetntful be found among our own -telegrams. V THE Torrens Creek Meat Works have mode great strides Bince they were started, and are now fully booked for the season, writes tbe Cloncuriy Advocate. It iB probable that a chilling works will s -on be erected, an'I also arrangements be made for doing three times the present output. It is satisfactory that they hare topped t he Sydney market for tallow at £21 15B. The ctulling works will enable the owners to put up large quantities of corned beef, and it is confiden tially expected that a large trade in that line can be done. During June 9000 Manuka sheep wore put through, and also a small mob from Afton Downs. The works give erery sign of being a complete success. AHTESIAN water has been tapped on Messrs. Hebden Brothers' Wanaaring Station, Paroo, the outflow being 1,000,000 gallons per day. The water was met with at 1300ft. It will supply many miles of dry country. The water is fresh, with a temperature of 120 dogs. The gas rising in connection with the water will maintain a continuous flame. Boring is being continued at Llaurheidol Station, and the drill is going through very hot clay. The Malvern Hills bore is down 3610ft., and the drilling is now through a sandy formation, which gives hopes of a supply of water being struck shortly. The proprietors certainly deserve success for their pluck and energy. LETTER lately received by the N.S. W. Postmaster-General:-July 31, 1892, Sydney, N.S.W. Dear Sir G.P.M., of Sydney,-I como in the present time near your Maesty, and with a big Honor let you now. Sir. I am a man of my Capacity that arrived few month ago in Sydney, that I can find nothing at all ? yeat. and for this I comc near your Maesty in the present, and Pray to your Maesty! if you Please to find mo aney Application in the Post Office for evry De scription under your command of G.P.M. PleaBcSirif your Maesty Can found My aney. Pray to your Maesty Please to Answer me I am Your Servant . Goulburn St. Sydney, N.S.W. THE Royal Agricultural Society of Victoria were unfortunate with regard to the weather in connection with the opening of the annual show on Wednesday; but the show this year surpasses all the former ones both in the number of entries and the quality of exhibits, there being nearly 3000 entries. Horses and cattle are well represented both in number and quality, and there is a fine display of sheep, a better , display than for some years past. The other classes are well filled. INFORMATION has been received from New York to the effect that two young men have been found murdered in the State of Tennessee. Their bodies were interred in the ordinaty course, but shortly afterwards the graves were discovered to have been molested. Upon examination it was shown that dyna mite cartridges had boon inserted in the men's pockets, which exploded, the result being that the bodies were horribly smashed. The outrage is believed to have been committed in revenge for some supposed wrong. ACCORDING to the Argus the women of Rockhampton have now formed their Sepa ration League, with its Executive Committee and its General Committee. They propose to obtain signatures of all the women of Central Queensland to a monster petition to send homo direct to Her Majesty. The young men arc pressing on with their petition, so that when these aro viewed in connection with our own petition forwarded home in 1890, together they will form as strong a representation of s xtho district as could be desired. Since the mooting on Saturday, several communications have been received by Mr. Curtis from various parts of the colony with reference to the struggle. MB. C. Beiqgk, in conjunction with Mr. W. J. Lyons,\ canvassed Alpha, with the result that every business lpan in the town signed a letter to the V. Q. X; S. League, in the following terms:-" Wo tie undersigned residents of Alpha and district/ desire emphati cally to protest against th^exclusion of the Central District from tbe Constitution BUI now before the Legislative"^Assembly. At the same time we rejoice fij kpow that the utterly unprincipled conduct of thpsewho in troduced that bul has giveif,. a great impetus to the demand for Territorials. Separation, and we would respeotfully Orgfo-you to con tinue your efforts so that we may speedily be emancipated from the thtyldfrn of South ern Queensland." s.* A RETURN was tabled the As sembly on Tuesdav nigl&F; showing the Revenue and Expenditure fipjfchc year 1891 92, apportioned in~, accordant*) with the Financial Distriots fcHJ of 18S§7 The terms of general revenue%gft genOral; expenditure refer to items not chftggcable^to' lar division. Tho tWj&oveniaft; «f the colony was £3,473,716, apportioned as follows:-GeneroL'£rojftip7; <6oudiern Divi sion, £1,066,922$' CentEM, £6&5,621; Nor thern, £032,07C.VlaoeiWBBiture, £3,625,281 was apportioned**^ ASflldWsi - General, £959,023; Southern DwSton,' £1,623,976; Central, £450,7991"' Udfthifa, £585,483. The revenue of tffiyofUaftt,-if apportioned to each division ofcSrawtiu of population, would show the SouMRfilHijWn, £2,047,682: Central, £682,882 r~MW>fec&i; £743,252. The above return was H. H. Black's AT a special meeting of the Calliope Divisional Board, held last Tuesday, the question of noxious weeds came up inciden tally (says the Gladstone Observer). It was stated during the discussion that the Govern ment, although liable under the Act. to be called upon to destroy noxious weeds on public reserves, shuffle out of this respon sibility by stating that no funds are available for such a purpose. The matter occupied the attention of the Divisional Board confer ence recently held in Brisbane, and the out come of the deliberations was a resolution, which was unanimously carried, mi',king it compulsory on the Government, to remove noxious weeds from Crown lands where it could be shown that local authority was carrying out the by-law providing for their extirpation on the lauds, roads and streets under its control, and obliging private owners to do the same on their lands, and also making it obligatory to contiguous local authorities to extirpate noxious weeds when called upon by the division which arc doing so. Two heifers from the Bockhampton district arrived in Brisbane on Monday by the steamer Eurimbla. The animals arc suffering from a disease which attooks cattle grazing near Ycpoon, and which is known as "ricketts." They are now at the Stock Department's experimental grounds, Indoo roopilly, where Dr. T. L. Bancroft will con tinue his investigations into the cause of tho disease. The disease has been proved to bo an inflammation of a section of the spinal cord ultimately producing structural changes which interrupt either wholly or in part the discharge of nerve force through that part of tho anatomy of a beast, and consequently causo paralysis of all parts of the body sup plied with nerves springing from that section of the spinal cord. It iB considered by some persons that tho disease is the result of animals eating a common plant known as zamia, particularly its stulks and the pith contained in them. A supply of the plant is being procured from Ycppoon, and when it arrives tests will be proceeded with. ABOUT 8 o'clock on Monday morn ing, the mutilated dead body of a man named Archibald Bowan was discovered on the jetty line (says the Towmvillc Bulletin). De ceased bad been ruu over by a train, both logs, being completely cut off about the thighs. The man had been working at tho Freezing Works, and about 11 o'clock the preceding evening, had been seen on his way to the wharf to work at the Alexandra. He reached the wharf, but for some reason or other started back for town, and this is the last thing known of his movements. The body was found by tho lengthsman at tho Archer-street crossing, and strange as it may seem, was allowed to remain where dis covered for about five hours. The fault of this, wo hear, lies with tho undertaker, but there is no truth in the rumor that the dead man's children were running about and look ing at the mutilated remains of their father, as Constable Swords covered the body with a blanket as soon as the discovery was made. THE Chief Justice delivered judg ment on the question of costs in the great law case on Wednesday morning. He said the plaintiff company must have the general costs of the action, and tho costs of all the issues in which they succeeded against the defendants, Druty, M'II wraith, Palmer, and Hart; and that the defendants, Drury, M'llwrnith, Palmer, and Hart must have costs in the specific issues in which they succeeded. The finding and judgment of the Chief Justice was that (Jrimley must pay the costs of the action so far as they relate to the proceedings against him. All the defend ants, His Honor said, must have in addition to what he has already given thom, the costs of the day on which the amendments were allowed, with the costs of preparing, filing, and delivering of their tnivorses of those amendments. On the petition of the Solici tor-General leave was granted to includc any proper matter of appeal in the notico of appeal which has already been given. SOME choice things were said in the Assembly tho other week during the constitu tion debate. Sir Thomas McDwrnith called Mr. Archer a rebel to the colony for pressing the claims of the central district for liberty on the Imperial Government. Mr. Murray talked of tho exclusion of the central district from the provincial scheme as a dotes table job, and of Mr. Dickson growing sleek and' fat on tho industries of the central district whioh he had never seen. Tho member for Normanby urged the Premier not to follow the road mapped out by Mr. Morehead, by which he might descend from his high and dignified position in regard to the bill to that of a mero trickster. But Mr. O'Sullivan was for presenting Sir Samuel with half a million of money and a free passage to Fiji. To which the Fremior's reply was that the mem ber for Stanley might leave the House before he did. A START was made with the shearing at Narine (A P. Co.) on Saturday (says the St. George Standard). Over 200 men. were present when the roll was colled.' The shearers were a quiet, orderly and well behaved lot of men, mostly from Now Eng land and the DOWUB, who Lad oomo to work and earn a chequc. When tho rouseabouts were called, the manager, Mr. Amos, ex Elained to them that the rato of wages would e 26B. per woek, and gave them till evening to aooept work at that rato. Twontv-nine of their number were seleoted, and in the even ing the whole crowd* caine and gave notice that they would not accept lew than 30s., and one intimated that all the station hands would leave unless that sum was paid to them during; shearing. One fellow abused the manager roundly, but he was quietly told to leave-and he did. The others were strongly advised to think twice before refusing the offered wages. After a ballot was taken tho voting proved to be even, so the delegate, who acted as returning offioer, gave his casting vote in favor of going to work, which they did, very much to the satisfaction of the shearers. THE following item is concerning a chow and his moke. It was race day at Wadonga, the carnival being held in that hyperborean district on the 26 th of December, and tho Wadonga Handicap was being run amid the whoops of the free and enlightened citizens. There wore five horses in it, and they were turning into the straight at the frenzied roeed of a dog chasing his own tail, when suddenly they came on a oart containing five Chinese, and drawn by the wreck of an old hair trunk on four leg*. A large red yell rent the atmosphere, which told the chows that Budden death was coming upon them, and the five degraded worms turned pale with horror. Tho yellow jaundice who was driving grabbed at the whip and flogged the hungry ghost in tho shafts until he went off at a gallop, while his companions cried out with one voice "Hi-yah, ehang a-wong!" and after a desperate race the chowB and their moke came in winners by several lengths. There is a general impression about Wadonga now that the live hair covered sausage is a faster animal on a race track than he was generally supposed to be. THE following notice, according to the Neto York Tribune, has been distributed in the pews of a Church in Somervilto, Massachusetts:-" It may not be inappro priate to call attention of the audience to the bad habit they have fallen into of watch ing people who come in late, especially those who have new olothrs. These late comers are modest people, and it must be a serious annoyance to have their raiment a subject of remark. They wear it unconsciously, and tlicy prefer that you would not notice them. The Sunday services are at 10'30 and 7*30, for the benefit, of those who desire to spend an hour in worship; but for those who have recently visited tho tailor, and milliner, and dressmaker, the morning service begins every where from 1030 to 11, and the evening ser vice ten minutes to 8. Ver tho benefit of the very tardy ones the announcement is hereby made that the Benediction will be the only portion of tho service in which they are I respectfully invited to participate." We liave been shown a sample of salt taken from Lake Buchanan, a wonderful salt lake about 160 miles north-west of Cler mont (says the Peak Downs Telegram). The samplo in question is a portion of several waggon loads, IS tons in all, purchased by Messrs. Winter & Lea, no doubt for the pur iose of encouraging the industry. On the )ed of this lnke and around its margin, by accounts received from some of the men who have been collecting salt there, there seems to be a never-failing supply of that necessary article. Tho wator in tho lake is quite shallow, and a layer of salt covers its bed to a depth of three inches on an average. Around the margin of the lake, close to the waters edge, the salt is continually forming, re sembling sand on the sea-beach. Almost as quickly an it is removed it reforms again, making tic supply inexhaustible. Tho lake is about 15 miles in length, and about 10 miles in width, and is fed by McClasher Creek, which flows into its southern extremity, and at the mouth of which the salt is more cosily procured. Tho only mode of transit from tho Lake to Clermont is by teams; the jounoy is a tedious one, and is the only bomer preventing tliis industry from being a payable one. THINGS have been outwardly quiet for the last few days in Sydnoy (says the Sydney Bulletin), and for fully 24 hours be fore this issue went to press, not one banker Vnm been arrested. It is a cold, uneventful day now when the police don't captures at least one financier, and the public feels as if tho savour had gone out of tho daily paper, and life had lost its zest. Probably the police suffer from stagnation as much as the rest of the community. Whenever a manager or a .^rector goes along the street, each cop turns aNhungry eye upon him, and ponders upon how, he would look in a pair of handcuffs, and if he is a big brawny person, the officer sizes him up, and then silently feels his own muscle, and wonders how much furniture would bo broken in tho sorimmage if the bank man should fight and tear his uniform. And tho "plain clothes offioer," as he wandere along, looks hungrily and expectantly at the big financial institutions, and is evidently straggling with an inward longing to rash through the plate-glass doors and arreBt everybody on a charge of publishing a false balance-sheet. Acoountants, too, have token to roving in a restless fashion back and for ward before the premises of the big monetary corporations, and sometimes they have to hold on to a lamp-post to restrain themselves from bursting in and auditing the books right off; and you oon hardly look out of a bank window without seeing a liquidator about, who is evidently ready to rush in and wind up the estate there and then, and declare a final dividend of J of a farthing in the alleged £. Sydney is getting demoralised^ these times, and pretty nearly everybody is considering I how he will get bail whpn he is found out. THE Bundaberg district at the present time {says the Week) affords a capital reply to all the Glaaseyite objections to blade labor as a wiper-out of white labor. The sugar season is on. The demand for white labor has fully equalled the local supply There has been an attempt to hoodwink public perception by some knavish trioks characteristic of those who used them. Men whose aims are exclusively and absolutely selfish will never be exquisitely nice nor sen sitively scrupulous about the means they use to reach their ends. But faots won't fit into the artifices of trioksters. It is a fact that owing to the cane crushing season commencing and the revival of enterprise caused by the recent pro-kanaka legislation, a large number of white men have been provided with work. This was predicted by the advocates for ex tending the time for using colored labor on sugar plantations. It was ignored by oppo nents of colored labor. Or, they contended, that it was better that white men should be out of work than that work should be pro vided for them by the use of blaok labor. The latter objection was the inBane protest of conceit and prejudice the infatuated preju dice against colored humanity of conceited men who have never done anything to justify their importation to a land of which its black aboriginal owners have been dispossessed. WHEN Mr. Gladstone returns to power (says the Sunday Sun), he will be the oldest Prime Minister the country has ever known; for Lord Palmerston, who has hitherto held the record, wbb 81 when he died, and Mr. Gladstone is now in his 83rd year, being nearly ten years the senior of Her Majesty. He entered on his first Pre miership and his 60th year in the same month, was throe score and ten when he was Prime Minister a second time, and six years older when be formed his short-lived Minis try of 188G. Lord Beaconsfield, born four years before Mr. Gladstone, preceded him in the Premiership by nine monthB; while of living politicians Lord Salisbury reached the foremost place at the age of 65 years and four months, the same as Lord Melbourne, and Lord Hartington was 46 at that eventful crisis, which has caused so much controversy of late. It is interesting by- the-byc, to com pare the Parliamentary and official career of Pitt and Gladstone. Both entered Parlia ment at the age of 22, but Pitt at once re ceived Cabinet office, while Gladstone was 24 when he got his foot on the first rung of the ladder, and 33 before he was admitted within the sacred circle. At 24 Pitt was Prime Minister, but it was just on the verge of his 59th birthday that Mr. Gladstone kissed hands in that capacity. LIST to a story of filial regard :— In the good old days of Queensland when civilisation was not a failure; before the snider was supplanted by the martini-henry, and the black tracker almost improved out of existence by free rations, there lived in Back- track Downs an Inspector of Police who, for obvious reason shall be nameless. The " niggers" had been troublesome to settlers and were to be " dispersed." The Inspector headed the trackers as they were sallying forth and the hearts of the latter were cheered by the promise of a squatter whom they met, who said he would give a bottle of rum to the tracker who was the most success- ful "disperser." The promise brought the worst of luck, for nary a nigger could be seen, and wearily at sundown the party turned their steps towards home. Just then Toby, a tracker, who had been reared in the district, asked the Inspector to come with him, as he knew "where blackfellows sit down." Directing the remainder of the party to continue their journey, the Inspec- tor followed Toby, who led him to a small scrub a couple of miles off the track. They entered and a few moments afterwards the Inspector saw an elderly blackfellow making even time towards the horizon. " Shoot Missie Spector" yelled Toby, " that one my fader, but baal me lose 'em bottle lum." THIS is what the Grand Old Man had to say to the deputation from the Lon don Trades Council, which waited upon him to discuss the Eight Hours question. Mr. Gladstone remarked that he had dedicated the short remainder of his public life to the Irish Home Bule question, as they were well aware, and he was afraid a statesman who had reached 83 years of ago could not set aside tho main work he had pledged himself to in order to take up this eight hours ques tion, the importance of which he fully acknowledged. Mr. Gladstone went into a minute discussion with each* momber of the deputation, and pointed out the extreme difficulties of the alternatives put to him. The three alternatives were-firstly, a uni versal oompulsory Eight Hours Bill; secondly, a bill for eight hours, with option of particu lar trades exempting themselves from it: and thirdly, an Eight Hours Bill entirely optional-that is, only applicable to trades desiring to bo included. He asked whioh they would prefer. The deputation expressed preference for the seoond. Mr.' Gladstone.. said that involved a .number of different; questions to the reoognised tirades of the country, because,/if the recognised trade* : excluded themselves from the bill they would « bring legal consequences on others, and before they oould involve 'others in legal consequences trades unions would be required to be put on a different legal footing. At present trade onions enjoyed a freedom which they ought to velut, and a freedom which theV would not possess if they ww» under legal penalties. f ' «?- / 