TURF JOTTINGS. Bungabnh's victory in the Eosehill Cup hn.3 entitled him to a penalty of 101b for the Don castor Handican, and his weight is now lOst 31b. Volcano is now boing trained at Caulfield. Ho was an expensive animal whilst Earnshaw trained him, and it is riot likely that his new trainer will do any better. Application was mado to the stowards of the Kosehiil Eacing Club on Monday, for a re ' opening of tho investigation into Hurrah's running in the City and Suburban Handicap on Thursday. Tho matter was not entertained . by tho stewards. Lord Prix won both Selling Eaees at the ? Rosehill meeting. On Saturday his victory was responsible for a welcome addition to the club's funds, for ho was bought in for .£126. Thus was tho ownor called upon to pay .£101 (he was entered for .£25) fo; the privilege of keeping him. ' . Muriel's union with Trenton not producing the looked for result, the daughter of Washed Ashore was put into work again by Joe Burton. Howevor, ho was destined to have bad lnok with her, for tho mare wrenched herself whilst galloping, and is very unlikely to carrv silk again. The autumn meeting of tho Hawkesbury Eace Club will be commenced on Saturday next and concluded on tho following Satur day. Tha club are fortunate in having two Saturdays for the meeting, aud the financial results should be mora satisfactory on thin occasion. The scratching of Sir William for the Don caster Handicap aud Sydney Cup came sis a surprise to Borne people who had backed the little Sir Modred horso in doubles. He was considered well in the Cup, and has been looked hpon as ono of the likely ones. The Queens land horse, Kin if Olaf , has also gone out of tiio Sydney Cup. Mr. E. J. Easton' (of Brisbano) whoso con neotion with such well-performed horses as Buttons and Eealm has madehisnamofamiliar in racing circles, removed with his horses this Week from Clifton, where he has resided for »ome years, to Mr. J. P. Jost's breeding farm near Eosewood, which he h*s leased for a term from the owner. Dan Mayne, of Bathurst, writes: 'With- out a doubt, Mr! Joe Burton is the best I ever jaw at giving a horso a physic ball. He takes the ball in the right hand, gently opens tho taouth of tho horse with tho left, and, presto, Thej- rcsent Postmaster General has, under the atfv ico of the Crown Solicitor, tllowed the Bmi) o' Freedom to go free through tho post. 4s. . in Rtamps will seoure its prompt and punctual despatch for one yeas;, published yery SoT. nrday morning. ? down it goes,- and the horso seems to be wondering when Joe is goiug to begin. Ha must giro me my phyBio for the future. Malvolio and Correze were Btrnok out of the A.J.O. Sydnoy Cup on Monday. Among tho penalties imposed during tha recent two days' rooing at Bosohill wero finos of .£10 each on tho jookeys F. Fielder and Q. Cooper, for disobedionoe of the starter's orders while at the post. Already visitors from Victoria aro pntting in an appearanco, and several j ockeys are on the road. Among the arrivals is Cusdin, whooo haudling of Strathtnore in the Australian Cup has been bo much disoussod. A numbor of welshers were ejected from the Eosebill Legor reservo on Saturday by racecourse Detective Hogan. In one case a notorious wolsbor's bag, containing botting tickets in four different names, pur porting that tha 'bookmaker' was regis tered by tho V.E.C., was .annexed. Violent resistance to arrest was made in two in Btance3, but the hand of authority prevailed. An Auckland writer says :— The Hotchkiss — Onyx colt has boon christenod Catapult. The facts in connection with tho selection of this name are that while Lord Onslow and tho Countess wero paying a farewell visit to Wellington Park, the Countess was asked to suggest a name, and she at once selectod Catapult, but asked permission to think over it. The result was that tho day after their doparture Mrs. Morrin received a wiro from Bussoll. Tho catseyo and the ancient weapon combination could not be improved on, and 'by Jove!' remarked the celebrated stud master, 'she. will bo sold under that name.' Tho secretary of Brisbano Tattoi-sall's Clnb, Mr. J. G. Byrne, Btates that an order has been given for a supply of light hurdles for use at tho approaching autumn meeting at Eagle Farm. Tho now hurdles aro to be Birailar to those used by tne V.R.C. at Flemington, and their introduction will doubtless be hailed with much satisfaction by horseownors.. It will not bo long ere tho advantages to be derived from tho chango bocomo apparent, and the light fences are adapted by all tho clubs, and if, Us an official of tho Q.T.C. fears, ono of tho effects will be to throw out altogether the majority of tho hurdlo horses at present in training, we Eholl havo reason to congratulate ourselves on the fact that our meetings havo been purged of a lot of useless scrubbers. . At Eosehill on Thursday tho Newcastle horse. Hurrah, was made a very Btror-.g favorite for the lost event of the afternoon, the City and Suburban Handicap ; but after the field had assembled at tho post ho recoded in tho quotations, and Brown Bess was made favorite. The race was a brilliant ouo, and Whitefoot stalling off a well-timed rush from Brown Bess w on cleverly, while Hurrah was a long way out of it. The lattar's performance was so peculiar that the btowards at once called upon tho jockey for an explanation of his riding. After short consideration twolvo months disqualification was meted out to horse and joclrey (Jas. Gougb), and tha finding was generally endorsed as a very proper course Tho Murruruudi club had a very successful two days meeting last weok. Mr. Tory's Mor potti won the Murruruudi Handicap on tha first day. On tho second day Mr. Baldock's Lyn.T won tho Flying Handicap and Ladies' Purse, whilst the Publicaus' Purse fell to Mr.* Webster's Mentor, tho winner also of tho Eosedalo Haudicap. Wilson, the rider of Kcera, was disqualified for six months for suspicious riding in tho Murrnruudi Handicap. Ross, the rider of Biaok Lead, was thrown in the Eosodale Handicap through coming into contact with a treo. He was not seriously in jured. At tho two day3' meeting oE tho Ifosehill Club on Thursday and Saturday, the sum of £1-130 was distributed in stakes, of which Bungebah. by hi3 victories in tho AU-aged Stakes and Eosehill Clip, earned £515 for Mr J. Northern. Mr. J. B. Clark's dividend was £210, Warpaint's win iu the Austral Handi cap and second for Camoota in tho All-uged Stakes. Lord Prix credited Jlr. J. Smith with £150. and Mr. H. Chisholin's share was .£130 appropriated by Dutch Hoe iu tho Granvillo Stakes and Welter Handicap. Other winners were -.—Captain Sar.deman, £90 (Clarence in tho Steeplechase) ; Mr. R. J. Thomas, £70 (Alarm Boll iu tho Hurdle Iir.ce) ; Mr. J. B. Clift, £70 (Whitefoot in the City and Subur ban Handicap) ; Jlr. W. Kennv us, £70 (Meteorite in the Nursery Handicap); Mr. T. Ivory, .£50 (Australian Light in the Corin thian Handicap); Mr. V. Dowlinc, £50 (Heleno second in tho Eosehill Cup); Mr. W. Kelso, £30 (Marreietta second in tho Austral Handicap) ; Mr. A. N. Barnier, .£25 iTridon tiue third in the Kosehill Cup) ; Mr. T. Camp bell, £20 (Proctor third in the Austral Handi cap) ; and F. Martineer, £10 (Melton second in the Steepleehaso). A New Zealand writer says :— ' Two more ch/inges r.re reported in the Hon. G. M'Lean's stable. Dormeur, the son of Gorton and In dolence, who could slip along for about five furlonga, when quite well, pretty nearly as fast as anything in the country, has been sold privately, through Messrs. I), and J. Bacon, the purchaser, I understand, being a Mr. tho horse to Melbourne. The price has not transpired, but report fixes it at about .£100. At anything like that figure tho buyer has a cheap horse. Properly placed, Dormeur will win lots of races at the suburban meetings. His dam, Indolence, is by Grand Flaneur out of Scraps, who belongs to tho -Juliet family. She was brought over hero from Sydney in company with Cheap Jack, who is now a covering stallion in tho goldflelds district. Tho other.change referred to is the addition to the stable of tho yoarlin? colt by Vnngnard out of Ouidn, by Tuba! Cain. I saw him being walked about the other day in company with Wolvorine'3 brother, and at a cursory glanco I should Bay that he is a nice sort of colt; but I hope to have a good look over him one of these days, and then will be able to say whethor I like him as well as tbo other Van guard reforred to in a proviousparagraph.' By cab'.o wo learn the rosnlt of the contest for tho groat cross-country event of tho Eng lish racing season— tho Liverpool Grand National Stceplochase. The winner, Father O'Flyun, is by Eetreat from Kathleen, and was trained. orivately. As a two-year-old Father O'Flynu started on nine occasions, and secured one winning bracket, when ho carried Lord Cholmondeley's colors to victory in the Warrington Maiden Plato of tho Liverpool July Meeting. Ha did not carry silk as a threo-year-old, but was put to tho jumping business, and tho following Beason he carried silk thirteen times, scoring four times, the Arderne Stcoplechase, 3 miles, at the Tar porley Hunt April Eounion; the Opon Hunters' Steeplechase at tha V.W.H. Hunt Moeting ; tho Open Hnnters' Steeplechase, and tho Members' Plato at the Ludlow Club October Meeting. During his five-year-old career he started on fifteen occasions, but was successful ouly once— in tho Open -Hunters' Steeplechase at the V.W.H. April Mooting ; and the last season, 'out of a dozen Btarts ho secured five victories — in the Budbrook Maiden Hunters' Hurdlo Eace at the War wick February Meeting, the Maiden Hunters' Hurdlo Eaoo at the Windsor February Meet ing, tho Hunters' Hurdle Eace Plato at the Wyo Maroh Meeting; tho Open Hunters' Steeplechase at the Chopstow Hunt Meeting, and the Open Hunters' Steoplechase at the V.W.H. April Eeunion. Cloister, who finished second, occupied a similar position in last year's contest ; while Ilex, who finished third, has the ' Grand National ' of 1S90 to his credit, and he finished third in loot year's raoe. . Muriol has boon withdrawn from tho A.J.C. Donotster Handicap and Sydnoy Cup, and Megaphone from the latter event. Vagrant says :— ' Following quickly on the news of tho demise of that groat Btud Bbrso; The Drummer, comes intelligence of the death of another noted sire in the Northern district, The Works, who died at Scone a few days back. Although ho had by no manner of means done so ranch to improve tho thoroughbred in Australia as the gallant old En'Ush bay, Tho Works was a_ wonderfully, useful horse, and was the siro of many smart nags. Ho was by Fireworks from Baroness, by Boiardo, and was purchased with his dam just a scoro of years ago in Melbourne by Mr. Thomas Cook, of Turanville, where he always stood, and where — I think I am right in Baying— he was the first blood horse used. I never saw The Works, but ha ? has been described to me as a beautifully-shaped animal which some accident prevented ever carrying silk. Some years book he Bufforod from a veneral disease and was long kept in running- vater j but hi» affection did not pre Tont him from pioduoinff splendid atook, the ptsat majority or w.Jioa could gallop, but who wore not good stayors. Tho bosfc of his Ret .wero Afrioan — who went to India — Labor, Scono, Maltese,. Fancy, Starlight, Maitland, and Proteotion: but as a Biro of peacooky hacks he was incomparable. He has loft eomo excellent youngsters behind him, in cluding a half-brother to Vospasia. and Grenadier, a half-sister to Spendora,- and a half-brother to Drilldool and Shanks. The Works was a great favorite with Mr. Cook and bis excellent head man, Mr. Percy Lee, and the old horso did much to mako Taran ville the most noted stud in the colony as the nnrsory of useful equines.' Yesterday morning on tho Eandwick tracks were to bo seen the St. Albans team, includ ing Strathmore, Zalinski, La, Tosca and Coin, all of which came aoroBs by mail train, and are located in boxes adjacont to the A.J.C. Hotel, Eandwiok. A special mooting of tho A.J.C. licensing committee- will be hold on Thursday aftornoon to consider applications ' for jookeys' and trainors' , licenses, requisitions for whioh must bo lodged at the omco of tho olui before 12 noon on that day. The racing pony Comowell is advertised 'for auction sale by Mr. George Kiss. Comewell is by Clifton, out of Zoo (a good performer), and has dona so well of late on the racecourse that he may fairly bo regarded as a champion. Ho is fire years old, and at present in racing form* Another edition of that popular work of reference, 'Centaur's Index,' 13 to band from the publishor, Mr. E. P. Hurron, Mel bourne. It is a handy and trustworthy sourco of information withregard to tho performances of horses engaged iu the A.J.C. Donoaster Handicap and Sydney Clip, and gives a. lot of useful tables as wall. ' Tho weights for tho minor handicaps of the Hawkesbury Autumn Meeting will .bo found in this issue. The Hurdle Eace is headed by Bed Heart with lOst Dlb. Tho TwoYoar Old Handicap is a good one, tho top weight being Eivula, 9st 31b. Tho Railway Handi cap has for top weight Whitofoot, 8st 91b. After Saturday's raoing tho handicaps for tho second day's events will bo framed. Bine Peter, who was bred by Mr. James Lee at Larras Lako, near Bathurst, iu 1S60, is still as gay and fresh as a two-year-old, although his summers numbor onoscoroand threo. Blue Peter is by Kingston (imp.) from Blue Bell, by Little John, and is therefore brother in blood to Lady Jotto, a mare in the Tocal stud, who is dam of Surplice, Bando, Jettison, The Fifer, -io. Tho old fellow, who won tho V.E.C. St. Leger of 1S73, is described as a regular equine Brigham Young, and is credited with having sired 100 foals during one season. Tho Tumut annual races woro not so well supported by tho public as the merit of tho sport provided warranted. The chief handi cap ou tho ' first day wan won by Mr. W. Yoomans' candidate, Strike-a-Light, All Sorts aud Two Up filling the places, 'i'ho latter got a turn in tho Farewell Handicap afterwards, when Babette filled second placo. The Autumn Handicap foil to Talwong, whilst Chamois won the Princo of Wales Stakes. Tha Sires' Produce Stakes brought out a field ot five, of which Mr. Baker's Sir Charles proved himself tho victor. OV1 Voluptuary, who won tlia Liverpool Graud National Steeplechase s-o long ago a3 lS8i, has now descended, to the ranks of- the selling platers, and was one of tho three runners for the Handicap Steepleehaso at Warwick. Though (i to 4 was betted on him, ho was beaten all' tho way by Beacon, but tho iatterwas objected to for going the wrong side of a post, tho protest being sustained after an investigation, by tho stewards — the Earl of Aylosford, Mr. O. Graham, and Mr. W. M. Low. Having beun awarded the r«o. Voluptuary found a new owner in Mr. M'Gregor for the small sum of Cogs. After several postponements tho MootoSeld management decided to hold their races ou the Canterbury Park E-icocoursu, as owing to the lute heavy rainfall the track at Moorc Seld was not in a fit state to race on with safety. The p«t of tho course near the six furlong po3t is low-lying and a lagoon is formed close beside the place by any consider able fall of vain. As this wator takes a long timo to run off a part of the racing track remains -flooded for days togother. Largo drains were out some years ago to drain tho lagoon, but havo become silted up and require clearing out, when the water would find an escape to the bay. Mr. Petor. Moore finds Eome difficulty, in common with tho oocupier3 of adjoining property, in getting the required work done. Ho expects it will bo dono out of a Government vote passed for improving the locality some timo ugo, but a3 tho matter is urgent an eacape for the flood waters ought to bo providod for without dohiy. There lately died in South Australia a notable horse, no other than old Shaot Anchor, onco one of the best known of Australian, leppors, but who latoly has been enjoying that leisuro v.-hich bin good deed3 of the past warranted. Noiirly a scoro of vetu-s u^o — for Sheet Anchor was pretty woll a quarter of a centnry old before hu gave up the ghost— tho old grey was the propurtv of -Mr. John Brown, a fiu-m-jr and miller of Ba.llar.it, aud it wax 8heet Anchor's duty to draw flour around the districtand to drag tbo nyile plongh.' One day after ho had had eavural hours at tho game, and was being taken home, he got away from tho ploughman, and when followed popped over alt tho fences before him, eu cumbered as he was with hi* tackle, and when chased by horsemen he simply left them as ho liked, and it was not till hunger forced him that he once again'. returned to captivity. From that day Sheet Anchor was looked upon as a steeplechaser, and indeed there have been few hotter in tho colonies, though he had not an aristocratic pedigree, so far as I kuow. What an unlucky horse Bridgmont is, Bays 'Vagrant.' Ho began life as a hackney aboai: Broke, but, showing paco, was quickly converted into a rucehorao, and taken to Sydney. Tho company thera was a deal too aristocratic for the son of Locturor, and at his first attempt at Newcastle he was badly beaten in a Flying Handicap. He then' ran a dead beat with Eveline in the Selling Eaco— an event wh^ch nine out of every ten thought ho had won— and was beaten by a head in the run-off. At Raymond Terrace bo mauuged to down Eveline, aud got through tho perils of a protest E&foly.; Another objoction was lodged against him at Maitlaud, whioh ho also escaped, but after ho had won at Raymond Terrace on Monday bo was once more objected to, and this timo successfully, for his rider, P. Kennedy, had at one time ridden ponies, and had neglected to have tho disqualification removed before ho took to steering big horses. Consequently backers of the uulucky Bridg ment at tho Terrace lust their money and also their horso, for be was claimed and purchased by Mr. J. Hill, who had at one time previously possessed him. Judgment is 'necessary in making up a ration for a horse, as there is great difference in requirements and powers of assimilation. Those with largo bones and loose-looking joints generally require more food in propor tion to their weight than short, clo3ely-knit, anng-looking horses. The ration Buould be inoreased or decreased, as may bo necessary to keep tha animal in good working condition. When idle tho horso requires, aud will bo satisfied with, much less food than when there i3 a large daily expenditure of energy in work. If it can bo foreseen that increased exertion will be demanded, increase the food as regards quality, and work moderately, O3 being tho Best preparation for it. As prepa ration for inoreased work it-is common to keep the animal iu tho stable soreral days, and stuff with as much food as it will eat, as thongh strength and enduranco could bo bottled up, and the stomach was a kind of tender to the engino, from which reserves of fuel or condensed energy could be drawn during the trip. Tho horse so treated is the ono that does the journey in the moat unsatis tory manner, or breaks down under the oxtra demand on strength. — English FiKil and Houb. The track at Danville, Pa. (A.) is a nnique affair. A parson can stand within o-few hun dred feet of it and not Bee it. Danville is situated iu & basin; and tbo mountains hem it in on all sides. The track is located on the mountain side^ and ia reached by a very fine rood, which winds around the ba30, gradually aEcending. Tho track drops down a hill at the first turn, and the baok stretch is thirty feet bolow the judges' stand. The stretches are long, and the turns sharp. Tho quality of Boil is snch that tliroo days' l-eayy rain hi3 no otfecb on it. It can be used in on hour utter tho heaviest rainstorm. 