Z IL L.A. EE A ROMIANCE. -4-- -· BY JOSEPH HOOKING, :·i ·!:.rm on or~·: j·:~ "P.Elurd Iby Sipc," Ai' rTabneE msterroon.t h :~Pubished by~ Special Arran ement wKith Mersarik Wanrd, Loc(Bo den &;:; Co~.) CHAPTER Y.-( Continued.) The whole three of them looked, at tlhe young mIhn. as thouv·g they longed to fall in .with"the idea, for certainly, as they had said to each other, he was wonderfully captivating, although..he didn't believe easily, and if he wasn't exactly handsome he had a way of making people afraid of trifling .with him. Still they didn't accept. Per haps they saw Jack's look of dismay at...the suggestion, or perhaps it was becuse they were afraid. Indeed, I think we had better say it was the latter, for Cl01ara repeatedly said du'rig the afternoon' that. she was sure the spirits would be angry if they went to see men who professed to deride spirit unlism. Anyhow, Jack took Aunt Mary, and enjoyed himself wonderfully. He was delighted at the clever sleigit of hand tricks; he marvelled at the jug glery, and when he saw that Cag liostro's spirit did things .apparently supernatural, and all by.cleverness, he felt that it would take a lot to malke him believe in spiritualism. ' And yet,' said Jack to himsdlf, as they rode home,. ' I wish I could be lieve in 'it. I wish it were true; I wish all tlhnt Uncle William talked about was fact. Still I am glad I've seen these inen, it will keep me from being easily gulled;' and a look came into his eyes which cdrtainly 'would not encourage a swindler to .try and cheat him: Arriving home he went straight. to his room. On going up the stairs which led to it, however,. he met the bright-faced servant* who had spoken to him on the previous evening. ' I've just taken up a letter for you, sir,' she said.. I didn't let the young ladies see; they don't know one has come for you.' He thanked "the girl, at the same time catching her meaning. Evidently if ho had a secret his cousins would try and find it out. When he entered the room, and saw the letter lying, he thought it must be from his mother or sisters, or, per chance, it might be from MIfr. Denver. He was surprised therefore to see a lady's handwriting on the envelope, certainly not that of anyone he knew. ' "Who can my correspondent be ?' he thought, as he examined the en velope. It was peculiar writing-sharp, pointed, and yet remarkably clear and firm. An adept who prefessed to read character from writing would .have most likely said that some 'of :the flourishes at the close of the words in dicated a passionate, daring nature. But Jack thought not of that. He broke the seal,.and read the following words: .' Last night. Heart's thanks. Guardian angel led me safely home. That was all. There was no ad dress, no date.: Still it was sufficient to assure him that the girl he had seen the pievious night was safe. ' I won'dei' who she is ?' he thought. 'I. should like'to know. I wonder now if TTn'cle' William's spirits could tell me. Surely the poor girl must be a little mad,, or she would not tallk about gudrdian angels in such way. And yet-and yet---- ' The young man looked around the' moon with a puzzled sort of air. 'I seem to be surrounded with mystery,. he said. ' I have only'been" here a couple of days, and yet I am puzzled on overy hand. Still Ihinlk I under stand that table- rappinig of the first night. They evidently wish to make a spiritualist of me; "'but, but-Who can this mysterious Zillah be ? ?What an idea for a girl to go skating ol the Seripontineat midnight. And wha~a strangSbly beoauitiful being 'she' ap pearod. I shall never forget those great wild eyes, :or the mad way in which she scampered on that ice. Sometimes she seemed like a demon sporting there. Yet how quiet she was afterwards, and how gentle her voice was! Who and what is she ?' A determined look settled oh his' face, arifd his eyes flashed curiously. 'I'll find out somehow,' he said, as he clenched his haniids. 'I'll get iat the bottom of, that writing on the slate. I'll get to kcnow sometliin'g about this strange creature calling herself Zillakh!' . Then he whistled quietly to himself; as he begnn to dress for diner.,' " COHAPTER VI :.; .-:,, A OLI1PSE OF TI2E UilSEEi. HALET. " Theln sav you not' '.His face P?' H'on~roo. Yes, my lord? he wor?'his boa vor ;; ' ' u . ; : . .,: ·· "· "" i ~: i '::' "?,; i' ~'. . H[ALET. Paleor red? HRTIO.. Nay, very palo i HAMLET. And fixed lus eyes q pon you ?. HORATIO. Most constani.tl., \--IHamlet. Act I., Scein 2. After a vegotarian dinnerof which Jack partook but sparingly, th even ing passed quietly away. The three young ladies thumped on the piano in turin, and in turn also sought tO.flirt with their country cousin.: Uncle William quietly elept in an a~rimclhair, Bill pored over the lifo and visions of M r. Daniel Home, giving an occasional glance at a book on theosophy, while Aunt M?ary went to the kitchen to order a lit~tl supper f'or herself and nopliow. N?o one referred to the sulb ject which tlihey had been discussing in tli mbrningir'nd as a consequenice no excitement iwas, aroused. Indeed,. Jack lwas not:long in seeing that every, one was sleepy and tired, and not'sorry when bedtime :-camo.. About iIbn o'clock~ good-nights i?' wore said, and our hero, after spending half-an-hour with Aunt Mary in her private sitting- room, where they both enjoyed some jugged hare, also retired to his room. r.I seem to have been in London'a yeiar,' he said, as ho got into bed. 'I'yve got 'plenty to interest me for :some tiime to come, and I rather fancy I'shall have some strango experiences beforoelong. Anyhow, that kind of feeling possesses 'me just now. Let. me seea tlier is one practic~hl and twd romantic problems~'before. me. I won der h]ow they'll mix? badly I am afiaid. Studying spiritualismi and findindg odt who this'Zillalh is oi.theo one hand, and school teaching on the other. Well, I'll work 'eni all' if I can' ; and :the ypoung: man. I omposed himself to sleep. Wh len ne got down on the foiiorwing morning, ho found, to his 'great sur priso, that *Unclo William and Bill had both gone to business. It seems that .they had been somnewhat in capable the day before, and had taken it easy, so they had gone early in order to make up for lost time. A message was left for Jack, however, that he must not be later than seven for dinner that night, as they were going to start for 7West minster at half-past eight, when great things were confidently expected. lH felt like laughing at the mes sage, however, it' seemed so foolish; and as afterwards lie went into the city and caught something of the spirit of the great throbbing life of London, with its ceaseless whirl and turmoil, the thought of his evening's engagement became more and more unaeal. SAfter luncheoon, howover, he sat alone by the fire, and began to think seriously of what he was going to do. What should he see and hear ? After all, the pretence of talking with spirits was somewhat uncanny, and' if his father were to send him a mcssage w.ell, whilo it would give him a world of comfort on the one hand, on the other it would somehow take away from the sanctity of the thought of death. ..... S'Still I'll go,' he muttered. 'If there is nothing but foolishness I shnll have a good laugh,, and if thei'e is something else, well, future life will be demonstrated-and that's a good deal. My word,'. though, I would give a ,good deal 'to see ' :real bona fido ghost, and be sure there was no trickery :anywhere.: And, after all, there need be no sacrilege. I shall go inm a perfectly reverent frame of mind, and if it could be that father might tell me what I am sure he wanted beforehe died, it would be joy unspeakable.' . VWhen Uncle William.and Bill came home to dinner, he was to say the, least,' interested. ''e had not lost his appetite, however, and although he did not enjoy the lentil soup, and tlhe other peculiarly vegetarian dishes, he ato. heartily• of the.sweets with which the meal concluaed.' 'John' said Uncle 'William, as he was helped to the last course, 'I hope you are ready for our visit to-night.' S' Quite ready, Uncle William,' said Jack, brightly. ', SYou are not afraid ?' 'Not the slightest. Why should I?' 'No, I do not think you need be, but people usually are when they see the spirit world for the first time.' ' But why should theybe ?'the slpirits do not hurt,'I hope I'' ' ' 'Not friendly" ones, 'John:, and of co&rse; scarcely any other than friendly ones do not corile. But they have been known to get angiy, and to be't 'the musical, boxes oa people's' heads rather hardly.' ' .Vhatfor ?' cried Jack. 'Alh, 'imembers of the circle have angered them by mocklery,' said Uncle William., . ' Ah, well, I'll be : careful not to mock,' said Jack 'and as I mean to belhave well I hope they will.'.... 'i Lctmo see, you have never been to aseance at all, have you ?' 'No, not properly., Two or three fel lows did get hold of a table at college once; and the .thing mknocked about a good deal, but nothing came of it.: Shall we have the same lkind of thing to-night?' :'There will be but little knmicking. You will feel th: apiroach of the spirits by a cold wind sweeping over your hands.': J s' Juso:', but I hope there will be sometling.miore than wind.'", ' .John'. a.nd Uncle. Wimlani was very solemn .Johi,;:I: expect you will soee such:things to night that you wmill compe bach a Spiritutalist f only the ordinary imnimediate souls are there, you will be conveited ,'but :if tihe greant sdoul,' whom we epSect, comes, a new woirld will be op?n to you. B3&thank; ful, Johniitiat , you have come here, be imoroe ,thiankful still thi?t you:have consenteditogo with us,' for soon..you will :lirve in a new sphere. ;The age of fhitlih will theh be gone, you- will 'live wvhei faithi? ill be lost in sight. But two dangers ar?e before you-- fear and doiibt. : If you foari, you: may become tb'oo cedulous, anld if you fear iot, then, Johlii, beware, you mayclose your; eyes to 'the trith of the highest manifestations. Keep yoi r mind open, John, receivo ;the truth of spirit intel ligences girasp thle prize; and march for?iwaid to the highest goal!', , Ah,' thiought Jack, ; i he's said those thlings before: :.I shouildin't at all w dondier if Unicle Bill isn-'t one 6f. theii platform lights. It's a pityj aich a flowery speech shouldn t :l'?;.in print.' " .? : : . .'.";:: ?': ' " ' And? now,' continued he1 little mani,. let us go:: My faith is strobfig',:: my expectatioins aie great.' 'TbIo ight we' shall reaci the highest nade, ?e shall:::stand: on th lhighest plantfoimr. i-o;ien I--feel a littl excited .oHw are. Your nerves, 'Joh??n? - 'Steady as old time'. . Uniolo' .?William giasped his hind; put - his finger on his. pulse, an'iu'd counted'carefully.: ?:- ' 'John, John, I am afraid that that-John, you are very cool, very calm.' 'I mean to be,' said Jack; 'it takes just a little to knock me off my bearings.' They started for Westminster. After walking along quietly for some time in the broad open streets, they turned into one that was nar rower. On each side were third-rate shops of all sorts. Fishmongers, greengrocers, small drapers, grocers, and various other trades and callings were represented. 'Do your friends live here ?' asked Jack? -of Uncle WVilliam. .' It seems a somewhat shady neighbourhood'.' ' Yes, they live hereo. One aged soul has lived here for years. She was once a powerful revealor, but he, might is gone. She did good service to our catise, and so I keep her here in peace. Her-house is convenient for our purpose, 'for "our friend, although unable ,to. advance the cause by her lost powers, is still as en thuisiastic as ever. All our meetings are held here, and great things are done.' ' They came to a shop where songs and all kinds of common music were sold, and herb the party stopped, and Bill knocked at the private door of the house. It was opened by a woman, short· and somewhat stout, who admitted them without a word. She was exceedingly dirty;, and her dress, to use a very old pun, was more 'holy than righteous,' for it was scolloped and torn all over in no very artistic fashion. 'Is that the person who has so benefited your cause ?' asked Jack, as they went upstairs. 'Oh, no, no,' replied Uncle Wil liam, 'she's a servant. She's a good Spirituadlist; indeed, she in ordinary terms might be called a good medium, but she's old-fashioned now, and we seldom admit her to our circles unless we are short of a soul tp make up a number. But I'll be fair,-the' spirits never fail when she's with us.' 'It's a pity they don't tell her to wash lierself, then,' said Jack. They entered a goodzsized room, where four pdople. were sitting. All rose to meet Uncle William and those of the family who had accompanied him, and here let me say that only Bill and Agnes had come, as Uncle William was 'afraid lest the circle might be too large for the room. He was 'evidently regarded, too, as one of greatiauthorityfor all'paid him great deference. "Is Mr. Bolair come?' he asked anxiously. :" '"Yes.' ' Any one with-hini ?' ' No, we think not,' was the answer. ,' Surely he will not disappoint us again!' said.the little man. 'I shall lose all confidence in him if he does.' .He ' accordingly went into the ad joining room andbeckoned Jack to accompany him. Here our hero found a large. square apartment, in the midst of which was a table, around which was placed a dozen wooden seated:chairs. ' This was all he had time' to notice, exce'pt some curious- loolking boxes and a roll of paper that waslying on the table, before Uncle William spoke. ' Mir. Bolair,' he said,'' you are not :going to'disappoint us again ?' :I' I think not; I hope not,' replied the man. " ' That's the medium the girls spoke about yesterday; I suppose,' said Jack and he looked curiously at him. He saw a young man, apparently about his own age, perhaps he might be older by, several years, or he might be younger, for it was a face that gave no certain' indication of ago. He was tall and well' built, and evidently possessed a fair amount of physical strength, although' Jack detected a clumsy, undecided movement of the limbs. His face was from one stand point- decidedly good looking, from another it was decidedly bad. The features were fairly regular, the mouth Wvas well:cUt, the skin was clear, and yet Jack distrusted him from the first moment. ' '' ' Mr. Bolair, yours is a nice euphlon ious, almost an aristocratic,' name,' said Jack to himself; 'but I don't likIe you.. Your eyes are bad. Theie's the vacant medium's look there, but there's something else. There's low cunning, there's meanness, there's crinelty thero, "and selfishness comes out at every pore. You will not look at me straight either; you glance at me furtively, as though you were try ing to miake out what sort of fellow I am.:: At any rate, I've not seen muclh in Spiritualism to recommend it yet.' (To bo Contitued.) 