EERIE ELSTERNWICK. THE GAY GHOST. DOES HE WALK? Not very long aero some malicious- and foolish person took it into his bead— or, rather, absence of head— to play 'the chost at Brighton, thereby frightening -several people, and causing considerable wie&siness; iu the neighborhood— to each an 'extent, indeed, that a warrant was issued for his apprehension. The same idiot la now said to havo turned up near Elstcrnwick, in the shnpo of a tall figure clad at one moment all in white and tho next all in black. On making special inquiries at Elstcrn- wick this morning a representative of TriR Herald was informed by the senior- constable in chargo that no official report bad been received on tho subject, but that rumors wcro afloat in the dis trict which, so far as could bo ascertained, hod no real foundation, though there was no doubt that some peoplo had been frightened. Neither was there any truth in tho statement that detectives had been sent down to rnako Bpccial en quiries. Having asccrtaiucd that tho ghostly visitant hid been seen by members of the congregation of the Rev. C. Sproalc. the incumbent ct the local Anglican Cbureh, Tub Hkhald representative called upon that gentleman, and in his abwnco was informed by hits Sproulc that ono cf the young ladies of tho congregation while watting far her escort ono Sunday evening had been terrified by tho sudden ap- pesranco of what she at first thought was a calf, hut which, suddenly ciooeating itself, becamo a tall white figure, which, after some threatening gesture, turned round and fled, tbe whito robo having quickly changed its color to black. The story, how ever, was only told to Mrs Sproulo by a third, whoso word she had every reason to believo. Tho lady principal of a scholastic establish ment in tho neigbbothood had also heard " ghost stories " from some of her pupils, and was evidently uneasy on tho point, especially as one of them had told hor that tho goblin had thrown, or threatened to throw, acid in tho face of anyone who fol-. lowed it. It Is atso stated that a visitor at tho houio of a leading resident at Elstcrnwick baa boon seriously alarmed by the " appearance," and is now nnder the treatment of a local'' medical practitioner. Tbatthoro io something in tho rumor is evident, but it is somewhat straneo that under such circumstances the police oh tho spot should not have been in any way communicated with, and no effort, apparently mado to follow tho spectre up. However, tho Senior Constable In charge has given instructions to his men to keep their oyes open and, however ready such ghosts may ho to frighten women and children, social history does not record any instance of an encounter between a "ghost" and a policeman, in which tho former did get tho worst of it. This piobxtd spectre, therefore, would act wisely in 44 laying " hlmsolf for tho future, lest a woise thing happen to him. 