PEHAL SERVITUDE VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. THUS CHRONICLES. IAL;. LIGHTS RESERVED. No. 1G. ELLEN BYRNE. The day alter Judge Forbes adjourned the trial of Stapleton and hia companions for three daye, BO that the attendance of Blair might be secured, a vessel named the Bobert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from QaeenB" town Harbor, Cork. She was a trading vessel, and had only two passengers on board- One of them a woman, about thirty years o age, and the other an elderly man -who accompanied her. Those on board were not aware of the reason which induced these two persona to voluntarily leave the old country for Tan Dieman's Land, and neither did they want to know, as they bad paid for their passages, and it was no business of the captain to enquire. The reader may at once be told that the woman was Ellen Byrne, and the elderly gentleman was Mr Michael Heifarnan, a retired lawyer of the town of Kilkenny, and to whose care the girl had been commuted on the death of her only surviving parent (her mother) five years previously. A small property waB left, barely enough to support the girl, but she lived with Htfiernan and his wife, and was as well treated as if she had been their own child. When she expressed her firm intention of going out to Van Dieman's Land and seeking out Henry Stapleton, after she had received the Comptroller General's letter stating he had settled in the colony, her guardian, Beeing he could cot dissuade her, decided to acoompanj her to the island, and they took passage from Cork in the first vessel which Bailed for the penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a respectable hotel in Macquarie Street, and the following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the prisoner's barracks, to whom they had letters of introduction irom prominent ecclesiastical dignitaries and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received, Bud when their business was stated ti e priest willingly agreed to introduce them to the Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they eaid the name of the man they wished to find was Henry Stapleton, and he had been pardoned nearly p a year previously. In the afternoon they a had an interview with the Comptroller General, who expressed his willingness to en- r t lighten them on any point that he could, j but when Mr Heifernan told him his business the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General clouded slightly. " I think if yon wait until to-morrow I will be able to show you the man yon want. Meet me here at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, and then I will arrange that you shall eee Stapleton." That was the substance of all he said, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would eee the object of their long journey on the morrow. Taey had not anticipated such expedition, and were in high spirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for the coming day. Meanwhile Judge Forbes was not idle. He well knew that if there had been any under hand work with Stapleton's pardon—and if prisoner's statement were true there had been—the officials responsible for it .vould throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it. Therefore he had no sooner left the bench than he made arrangements for three mounted constables to be at once despatched tc Blair's land, and to bring baok the owner. He privately told the men that speed was most desirable, and to carry out the order aa rapidly as possible Wragge had not counted on each haste being made, but he knew that he could not act too quickly, and at once sought out a man on whom he could rely, and told birn he would give him fifty pounds if he oould reach Blair's house and warn him that he was in danger before the constable's got him The man was a creature of the Superintendent's, and readily agreed to do as desired. The weli mounted constables were, however, more than a match for him, and with the btart they had reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge'fl messenger. He was working in a field a short distance away, but he came across to the house when he saw the horsemen. The head constable told him that he would have to accompany them back to Hobart Town, and he seemed very anxious to know for what reason he was required. " Oh, a fellow named Blsir, who is being tried for the mutiny at number nine station says his name is Stapleton and not Blair, and the judge adjourned the case for three days so chat you might be brought to disprove the statement." A 1 ) he spoke the face of Blair turned a sickly green, and his agitation was so noticeable that it did not escape the attention of the constables who good naturedly rallied him on his nervousness about attending a oourt. Two of them ascribed it to tbe natural disinclination which ex-convicts had to jadges and juries, but the chief, who was more observant, commenced to think that there was more in the mutineer's assertions than he had previously believed, and he determined to carefully note the settler. The latter asked them to dismount and have something to eat while he was getting ready to go back with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, and placed their horses in an adjoining shed. The truth was Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course he should adopt. Although the mutiny had happened a month previously, he was not aware that there had been an outbreak at the Btation. They were so common that the settlers took little notice of them unless one or more of the convicts escaped, and the only one who had an interest in sanding him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he had not done so. That official thought it would not be wise to do so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possible that there might be no trouble in connection with the matter, and if so nothing but harm oould result from taking fright at a shadow. He had not expected that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that the judge would listen to him as patiently as he had. If the worst came to the worst he would have time to send a messenger to Blair to escape, and that would be sufficient. Blair made up his mind that the best thing he ooold do would be to go back with the f constables and fight the matte? out, and he was in the house talking to the officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outside. He opened the door as a man rode up, who was considerably taken aback when he saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what brought him there in in such a hurry. "1 am sure the fellow has been sent here to warn thiB man, and he has been sent by Wragge, for he iB a tool of his " was the constable's muttered comment. The horseman mumbled out an excuse by saying that he was»passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and as there was no use in arguing with him he ootained what he wanted and left. He had been too late, and Wragge would have to do the best he could, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in Buch a way. So the fellow thought as he rode away. The three officers and Blair were soon in Jhe saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, which they reached late in the evening, and went to the quarters at the soldiers' barrackB, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put up at an „°„f a f u, h ' 1 ? «Penses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. self aVth?h\\!I e T g W I ag8e presented himself at the barracks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under which name of cour B e Blair went) but he was told that wHhout an order from the Comptroller General he Sould not Judge Forbes had asked the Comn JroUe* to prohibit anyone Beeing Stapleton ft the constables brought him back, as he ae. desired that he should not be interfered with in any mancer. and it was in pursuance of that request thai late at night he refuted Wragge an order when be applied for it. Very little excitement was manifested next morning iu Hobart Town at the trial of th<) five prisoners (one of them had died from tis wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with their accompanying or resulting &xecut;:ons were too familiar to create much interest, and though the small court was full cf spec- ! t&tors;, that number was not more than fifty. The judge took his seat on the bench, and then the five mutineers were placed in the dock, and pleaded not guilty to mutiny and murder. They had scarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General entered with Htfifernan and Eilen Byrne, and the official told them that Stapleton would Boon make hie appearance. At the eame time he aaked them if they knew any of the prisoners in the dock. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Stapleton. It was little wonder, for hia appearance was terribly changed. In his prison clothes, emaciated, and cloEe cropped, he was an utterly changed man. When Stapleton was asked if he still persisted in saying that his name was not Bl&ir;, he replied in a loud, clear voice that he did, add as he spoke Miss Byrne slarted as though she reoognised the voice, and turning to Heffernan told him that she almost fancied is was Henry Stapleton who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, bat made no comment. He was asked sgain what hi3 name was, and answered that it was Henry Stapleton. The girl had been watching him intently, and when he gave the last answer her guardian was alarmed, for she had the appearance of being about to laint. He turned to the official and told him he was afraid he would have to leave the court, as his lady friend was not well, bat tha girl recovered herself and protested against going out. After the eec.jnd answer of the prisoner the judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should be called, and ashs stepped timidly into the witness box the Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man before them waa the person they sought. They looked at him with dull amaz?, and in the game breath replied that he was n JJ even remoitly like him. " That mania no more Henry Stipleton, of Kilkenny, than I am," was iltfiirnan'a em phatic answer. Well, it lies between him and the Eecond risoner of the row in the dock. That man sserts that he is the real Stapleton, and other man an imposter, and it is for that eason I have asked you here to- day, as the udge is anxious to settle the question. If Henry Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours," the Comptroller went on, glancing at Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that for your sakes the person in the witnesB box was the man you sought. " What are the prisoners charged with?" asked Hciiernan anxiously, as he saw the girl staring at the second man in the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. " Mutiny and murder, and the oase is clear against them. I fear there is no hope— He was interrupted by his female companion swaying against him, and then with a moan falliDg back in a dead faint. She had recogDiEed Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril he was in. Some little commotion was caused by the fit, and ati Heffernan and an attendant carried her out the Comptroller whi3pere.i to him to came back as soon as possible, as it was import aat. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton could not distinguish who the wojzian was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of course that he was Stapleton. That he came from Kilkenny, asid telling the judge the points that be had previously obtained irom Wragge. He stout ly maintained that tbe prisoner's mme was Blair, and that he had worked witn him at number nine station, and knew him well. Tne life prisoners in the dock cried out that the man in the witness box was really Blair, and matters seemed to be about tbe same as at first, for little reliance was placed on convicib' statements. Wragge followed Blair, and wilfully per jurei himself by swearing that the man who nad just given evidence was in reality Henry Srapieton. That he kuew him well, bavin worked with him nine years before at the brick yards in Hobart Town. This was veri fied by tbe records, and it seemed as though the real Stapleton's statements would be co'a troverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that be had two important witnesses who would be able to identify the real Srapleton if he were present The judge asked them to come forward and allow no one tolsave the court. HeSernan and Miss Byrne, who had re covered, did as asked, and the judge ordered the former into the witness box, and asked him who he was. He told him that he had just reached Hobart Town from the town of Kilkenny to find one Henry Sfap'leton Blsir was placed in front of him, and he was asked if that was the man, but he B&id; cm phatically no. He was nothing like him Blair was the very picture of misery as he stood on the floor ofthacourt trembling, for he knew that the game was up. Wragge was little batter, for he waa as white as ghost. He was next asked if he knew the prisom in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long scrutiny he said that, although greatly changed, he believed he was the man and that a young lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised his voice aa that of her lost sweetheart. This created a slight flutter in court, and Stapleton said if the judge would cause Heffernan to ask him different questions about his native place he would speedily convince him of his identity. This was done, and the answers given made it abundantly clear that the convict waB the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who had been cruelly deprived of it. Ellen Byrne was placed in the box next, and a painful scene followed after eh9 had sworn t'>as the man in the dock was Henry Stapleton, and how she had recognised him by his voice. The prisoner was overcome, and Bbe fainted at the sight of hie grief and altered appearance, and tbe fact that he was being tried for his life. She was carried out of court for the second time, and then the judge asked Blair how he came to commit such a crime. The murderous ruffian broke down utterly, and confessed that be had been asked to take Stapleton's clothes by Wragge and Beneon, for whose murder the prisoners were being tried. He related clearly everything as it occurred and which the reader already knows; and though the superintendent tried to deny it, and swore that he must have been deceived by a conspiracy betwten Benson and Blair, the circumstances attending it pointed Mo glaringly to him as the prime mover, t iat the judge ordered his arrest on ch&rires; of murder, conspiracy, and perjury (Blair had confessed about the murder of tbe prisoner at Macquarie Harbor Station). Two of the court constables were advancing to arrest him when he took a doublebarrelled pistol from his pocket and fired point blank at Blair, who fell, and then blew bis own brains ou* on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and was sent to Norfolk Island for five years. Notwithstanding tbe facts adduced—no evidence being given that he had struck a single blow in the murder of Benson—the fire convicts were found guilty and executed, Stapleton amongst tbe rest. Strenuous (Hurts were made to save him, but the bloody convict law had to be vindicated, and Eilen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken woman. " I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you," he said. " Noc at all," she politely answered. " I have sometimes thought that I wearied you " "Oh.no, No matter how gloomy I feel when you call, I am always happy when you go." 