"(EkeJpumonst. TRUE GHOST STORIES. AUTUJJN'ilCATJiU JSV J.HKii .-.ii/Utl'- JCmuiating tho example of the Christmas number of ttie l'ericv: of /Vcncrs I have concluded to place before the public certain ghost stories which I have been '.-a .-.i.nie pains to authenticate. If the truth uf-thcec iiicn-dilile tales was vouched for only by in;,sr-U j could hardly L!;uue the public ior iu!.-'liti:i» ti;eiii, bnt 1 am happy to say they have in Oji ii viite been invefciigaltu by a" •v.mmiUee appointed for the purport by the Physic Ke- scaieh Company, Limited, as veil as iiy prominent Tbeosophirts, and other equally veracious persons. The unanimous verdict' has lie an that the stories are true word for word as I have set them down. The fullest examination is invited. I may say I am uot myself a believer in ghosts, and that as a general thing I have found myself unable to credit many ghost stones I have read in Christmas numbers, even when they have been accompanied by expensive . coloured illustrations. However, these stories have staggered me, and I am forced to E dmit that 1 have no explanation to offer other t "? u ? that thc-y appear to have a supernatural origin. I-—'THE MVSTEEY OF No. 17A. No. 17a Dreary-lane, London, W.C., is a fishshop. The proprietor, Mr. Abraham Binks, earns a precarious living selliner fish, as stale as the law would allow to the jioor, but not necessarily honest, inhabitants of the lane. On the , evening of November 10 last, at about taeniy past 0, he placed in a row thirteen floaters, formerly ol Yarmouth. When he noticed that there were thirteen, he remarked ' to his wife that was an unluckv number; ''"t Mrs. Binks being a strong-minded sensible woman, with no superstition about her, but ratller a smell of fish, merely said, with some Eeo m > that Friday was an unlucky day, but more fish was sold on that day than on any o t h er - This statement being true, Mr. Binks did not deny, but as he was a man of action rntherthan words ho n'anol „ , - , " of hfs sh^n ^ Wh T^H ^I.. P la<?ard , m !ront of his shop, which read, Bloaters is cheap today. ihis brief conversation between the fishmonger and his estimable wife is given merely to show why the number thirteen was impressed on the mind of Mr. Binks. Shortly after this a tall, thin, ghastly-looking limn in very tattered garments stopped for a few moments before the open front of the fish shop, lie enquired kindly after the wel fare of the fish, and priced some of them, but bought nothing. He said to Mr liinks t'nt what he really wanted were soJesj and as he this he smiled in a saturnine maimer that made ™e honest fishmonger remember the remark- J — — When the thin luau had ' shuffled ' * off " disappeared in the darkness, Mr. Binks, ^ there were now bat twelve bloaters where there had a moment before been thirteen. He asked his wife if she had sold a bloater. She replied that she had not. When she. made this startling announcement Binks felt a queer, superstitious feeling creep over him. lie described this sensation afterwards to Jits. Besant as being like a cold salt mackerel drawn slowly up and down his back. Not to make too long a story of it, nor to harrow up the feelings of our readers unuecessarily, it may be stated that day after day coincident with the appearance of the mysterious stranger in rags, a bloater disappeared. There were eleven, then ten, then nine, and so on, as day by day went past. Mrs. Biuks. who is a cultured, well-read woman, said it reminded her of the poem, the "seven little, six little, five little Injuns," so familiar to readers of our best literature. The Theosophists claimed that Mahatmas took the fish, whereupon Binks, who is a practical man, expressed a wish that tbe Mahatmas would leave ou the counter tho current coin of the realm, which would prevent the bloaters going on tiie wrong fide of the profit, auct loss account, wherever else they went. On the last day, when but one bloater redays. mained, a materialistic policeman laid his untheophistioal fist on the shoulder of the tall thin ni«n Win, „.i.„„ j o^certullTda' bloate'from t h ^ f o ' f Z r a Kged oo.it. The Judge, who has kindly consented to verify thi-- storv, said it would be fourteen 