'IE0W SHALL WE DECIDE Tins QUESTION?' Now, which ti the worte — to have no appclita for your dintur, or }-avt tu- diim«r for yemr ajrpttiie 9 Tliero are lota of people pn tho one sido or tbo other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health ou both,' that Is the ideal attitndo of a poruon towards his meals. But mout of ns uro not bloseed in that way ; we oithor have too much food without an a»p3tito, or a vigorous appe tite without enough to natinfy it. Different ioiu will answer tlna qnestion uuioreutly, yec the common sense of it ia that, within roaabu ablo limits, it is bettor to have an appetito without a dinner, becaiiso, short of tho starva tion lino, a hungry man hi a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to oat and dooun't feel like eating, stands In need of ' olterationa and repairs.'' ' ' . ' ' '.' To illustrate.. Wo recently roceived a com munication in which tlio writer say?, ' I waa afraid to oat.' Did he f ahoy his food was poisoned, or did his natarq rebel against tbo nourishment lived on? f If tho latter, why t Lot him ulear tho mystery himself. Ho' Rays,'' In thd year 1S39 I changod my work from riilway porter to eignalumn. I had boon aiEuUhniin twelve ? months, and then all at once, no to Bueak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tastod bad, bo that ordinary artiolea of diet aeouied to lose their flavor ; tho pdlato, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to eay to them. One thing was like : auothor, and nono was good. My tongue waa coatod aud furrod, with a dark line down tho middlo and yellow fur round it. My breath w»a offensive and 'my appetite poor, with pains through the cliost and shoulder*, whioh .woro always right beforo I had oaten ,'aiiy- tbiutr. Then I waa groutly troubled with wind. It would gather so it foil liko a ball in my throat, and aot as if it would choke me.' We oannot wonder that nudor theso oir onmatiinces our friend failed to do justice to his meals. Ho adds, that thoro waa what ha calln ' a pricking Bouiiatjon ' at hia heart, as though it were touohed with eoiuo nharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attaokod with ftpaamst the agouy of which wan bo severe that tho sweat rolled off him. ' I dreadod,' ho says, ' the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal havt I made, for I via* airvid to eat. 'After a. time JL cot into a lovr, weak, ner vous condition, and t'olt mjsdrablo, as if iipmq thing waa going to happen, and this cauBod mo toloao u'gooddoalof sleop.' . ~ .What hq means by tho fear of ' Bomethiug going to happen '. is, of course, tho fear of Boino calaniity, such as tlio loss of hia posi tion, his own death, or tbo death of sbmobody dear to hlui. This was due, as ho inlinmtes, to tho impo'veriahud stiito of his blood (tlio life bearer), Ilia uiiHtrnng norvoB, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nonrishiuout. T|io liight of this form of illness is always fnll of ghosts and goblins, tho croature* of a restlex aud uncovernod imagination. '?'?'.. ' With groat difficulty,' ha Bays,' ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wifo and family do rindinit on mo. Sol struggled on,' but what suffered for two years ia past my powers of description. 1 am aura no ono ha$ lufftrei to much us I havo done.' In the latter statemant he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and in always harder to bear than is one's notion of bio neighbor's pain. Thnro is a countless multitude who aro all tho while going through tho earao wretohod experience, only we don't happen to como in tquoh with them. Well, tho writer finally mentions that aftor all modicnl treatment had left him trhero It found him he chanood to read in a book of a oiuio tjcaclly like his ovin having boen cured by Mother Sei^ol's Syrup, ' My wifo,' ho Baya '(tot mo a bottlo at Mr. Langntaff's, in Woodlosford, nnd after using ita contonta tho ailment loft mo nud luiB nnvor roturnod ninco that fortunato day. I should like thn whole world to know what it did for me, I haro boon employed by tho Midland Railway Com (£ijnud) ' QEortaH Hdntj 41 Car Bottom-road, ' Apporley Bridgo, near Looila.' Wo nnblieh thia by Mr. lluufa dorire, in ordor that that part of the world at loait may know borr thankful he ib aud for, what reMon. Chatham still rntainn prido of plaoo ia the qnotation* on tbo Currinnton Stnkoa. Dnoniisa and AcTiircn. — It in not often that a baby girl has iv duclio«8 and aftreRB for ifodmothern, particularly when tho bnby-Rlrl Imppen* to bo born in'the Duoal purple her Bilf. IIowoTor, tho latent littlo duufilitor of tho Marohioneuj of Granby. futare lJuohonn of Rutland, aan claim tliat honor, ns tlio two Indies who '* promised and voivori in hor n.-.nin' —whioh, by the wav, ia ' Uiiina'— wore tho stately Dueheii of Portland and Mm. .Uoor bohm Tree, of tha Haymarkut Theatre. 