WILL GOLD BE THE NEXT "BOOM?" The silver crash of the past few days, involving as it does tho staple metal of this colony, will necessarily cause anxious attention to be directed to tho outlook of mining in Now South Wales. Thero is no use laying to our souls the flatter ing unction that the present fall ia merely tho result of a temporary : panio. The price of silver has been declining steadily for a long time, forced down fraotion by fraction as each week wiw prodnotion further and furthor out- Utripplng demand. Occasionally thero would, be a spasmodla rally of on eighth or a sixteenth of a penny, like in the pulse of a sinking man, only to he followed by increased depres sion. Our big companies, by increasing their output, kept up their dividends, and the sliaremarket doggedly hold its own. When about 3s 5d per ounce was reached, however, for one of the groat dividend- paying Barrier mines, tho strain proved too much ; aud, owing to the lowered price of silver and the deterioration of tho ore, it was announced that profits had ceased and new capital would havo to he subscribed to enable work to go on. How the subscription of new capital could euro such an evil as that complained of was not disclosed. Meanwhile the downward course of tho market continued, and the companies wore obliged to insist upon a more econo mical system of working in order to compensate for their seriously- depleted returns. Then camo the strike, which, after accounting for the smelting that has since been going on at the coast Of stacked ores, lias eased the pressure of accumulating stocks to the extent of fully a million ounces of silver. But instead of the decline receiving any check its pace has been accelerated, silver falling to the unprecedented figure of 3s ljjd per oz., and rebounding to 3s 2£d. At that point the sharemarket gave way. But it was no mere ghost that frightened it. This is seen by tho manner in which the slight recovery of a farthing an ounce, which is only the temporary rebound con sequent on an unusually heavy fall, was responded to. Tho dcclino instead of inspiring panic has been resisted all along, step by step, with a certain sort of dogged heroism deserving of better success. The " bears " have been " putting out " scrip mercilessly day after day and week after week, yet buyers have always come from somewhere to be slaughtered. It has been no panic, hut a hand to hand fight, in which buyers kept their faces all the time to the ruthless foe. Whether tho shares went too low in the sudden drop of Saturday and Monday is, of course, a matter of opinion. It may he that the resistance to tho overwhelming pressure was unduly prolonged, and that a fall which if it had been gradual would have caused no Bur- prise, by its suddenness gave tho impres sion of a panic. In either case it may be reasonably assumed that any considerable recovery is at present impossible. Through our great silver-mines being thrown idle by the strike thero are no means of telling how far their dividend-paying powers are affected by the fall in the price of tho metal. Besides that there is the diminishing richness of the ore, the effect of which can only be de termined by results. Judging by past experience, however, it Is pretty certain that unless tho price of silver substantially recovers thero must soon be a large shrinkage in tho industry. At present there are no signs of any such recovery, all appearances pointing the other way. Over production of copper was followed by the Bafne effects, and if tho ease of silver is not yet so bad, whilo the market for the latter metal has special sources of vitality which the other lacked, the fact Btill remains that with the silver mines of the world, as with the copper mines, it is now a question of the survival of the fittest. While the rich ore at Broken-hill lasts, no doubt, that field will hold its own. But taking all things into consideration there is reason to fear that silver-mining has pretty nearly had its day in this colony. When it comes down to a fight over the last penny an ounce profit the mines with the cheapest means of production will win. The mining out look ia, thereforo, one which is necessarily on the verge of a change. The great in dustry of coppcr-miuing is dead in New South Wales through the same cause which is now depressing silver. Coal-mining through the difficulty of briuging tho cost of production within tho market price of the article, is also in a precarious state. These three leading branches of New South Wales mining are affected by causes over which the colony has no control- Nothing, as far as they are concerned, is to ho done, therefore, but trust to the charity of events for whatever revival is to come. Were it not that we have another metal to fall back upon, tho pros pects of the New South Wales miner under these circumstances would he gloomy indeed. But if the silver lining is fading from the cloud, a golden one is taking its place- All over Australia there is now a steady revival going on in gold-mining, which is all tho more satisfactory from the fact that it is proceeding on the level basis of proved values. From North Queensland to Victoria thero is a persistent increase, in tho gold yield. Nothing iu the Bbapo of a hectic flush, but a gra dual process of development without as yet hoomiug or share gambling ,of any kind. In tho heyday of tho silver boom speculators neglected gold mining in this colony almost completely The general public, with tho memory of tho early seventies still rankling also remained shy, often morbidly so. The consequence was that for some years gold-mining has been left pretty well exclusively to the genuine investor — the man who knew what he was about. That was the industry's claonca Whore- over a prospecting show wan found it was not immediately loaded with an absurdly inflated value and the level headed miner jostled out by the mad speculator. Tho latter obstruction being away, menwboknewthovalueofmines had an opportunity of getting into them on reasonable terms, and ground was pegged out to be worked, not to work tho ebaremarket with. Hcnco wo have now a vast number of woll- dovelopcd gold mines which havo been quietly brought to tho productive stage by patient unostentatious work that is just beginning to bear rich fruit. During tho years immediately ahead a largely increased output of gold — the metal for which there is always an in satiable demand — may consequently be expected. That we are on tho eve of a great gold revival is certain ; that it will be accompanied by a gold " boom" is a matter of opinion. For the sake of the mining industry, and the sake of the public pocket, it is to be hoped that the experience of tho past will ward off any such calamity. The danger is that tho boomsters, after their surfeit of Bilver, will turn ravenously to gold and demoralise an industry which has just been through the purifying ordeal of their long neglect and is thorcby win ning its legitimate placo in public estima tion. 