THE DOCTOBS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,00) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar How, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bot he was ready enough to give all he had for. one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story and he shall tell it in his own way, Mr Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago 1 had never lost an hours work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, , near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in - my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers.My chest used to 'fil up' and my throat would swell eo that T could not button mv shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly of a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and wonld cough'and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rnshedoutof my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got: BO thin thit I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it wasali up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came "to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation is to- the Derbyshire Infirmary, : Derby, j found, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were foil, and I saw my dob doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The firet one said.'Fou are in a galloping consumption atui must die'; the other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, hu shoolc their heads. . • "Getting a little better my old master allowed me to do what little I conld in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and wonld then be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and brake down completely- I was always coughing and sputing up phlegm, sometimes as much as a tea-capful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep fo fear the phlegm, would choke me. & t this the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and m&uth; were dry and-parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get np for a few hours at a time, bnt was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to nad I often sat for honn looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bare the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me. but he said,'/ can do you no good; I can only pat you up, because your lungs are diseased then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle But nothing did me any good and my friends who came to see me said, 'WeU, you won't cough much longer, you have merely prepare for another trorfd.' "About the middle of March, 1S89, a neighbour named Joseph Tatbam who work* inetne paper mills at Dariey Abbey, said to m , 'Tom, dii yóu ever try Mother Seigd Syrup?" and toldme how he.had hewn cured after being in the hospital. He spoke eo machin praise of this medicine I sent "my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had all evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested svhert l awoke. After taking-the medicine fbr thiee days łny breathing got easier, my foodJcep't down, and in acfew tlayis more -I By the ^^alortmght I wentio eeemy toaster, Roasted what Kad wrought the improve-' •ihmt, aiid 1 told him, as .rtell everyone that Mother Beigel's Syrup had saved my life. Icommenced work mt once and have never lost a days'work'since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, bnt after takine Seigel's Syrup for sie^itontb' -I was strongas werin my life anil have continued so ever since."" - \- In giving his consent to the publication-of this remarkable ".statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to MroKeetiy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, wh is acquainted with all the facts allegei MraGaaton has lived at Darley Abbey for 22 yers and bears an excellent .reputation. .. Sow, |rhat was the comjilaintrfroni which ho Buffered ? 2fot ; galloping consumptio certaMy (as one of-the dociołz thought), o fawSould hme galloped into his grape ta than thru months, instead of growing Wotae jforsevenyears... His complaint was chronic Snflammatoiy -dyspepsia "{or fchromcgaitric ,«ataoh), which has long symptoms' like con- «Hnptiai|, for «rhich it is so often ignonntlj "mistaken Md wroiigly treated- When She rattmeBri Mother' Seigel's Syrup, was ased, (disease yidded; as all diseasee>f 