THE NOYELIST. THE MYSTERY OF HERNE LODGE. By tub Eaul of Desabt. PROLOGUE. CHAPTER II. a night suiu'luse. JLVltljJtl ITUl'lllg WW, WIM1UUL U.\UU(J1;IUM , tho brightest, sumiioat unturbd man T. over had tho luck to como across. IFr/s, indeed, for, nhts ! that can no longer bo said of him ; though it may bo hoped that timo may yot offaco much of tho bitterness of his groat sorrow. Ilo was a journalist, ana a uiu ot a arainausc; not, perhaps, very eminent in cithor capacity, but easily oat-nod his living, and somothing more, by virtuo of his popularity. Editors and ni.vutgers arc human after all ; and second-rate copy, or a somoivhat inforior comedy, was pleas antor to accept from him than bettor articles from self-opiniatcd or pride inflated workors, " I whecdlo thorn or bore them into taking my stulT, " ho would say. " Wo all know it is not worth much ; but whou I toll them that a second-rate public lilcos a sccond-rato article host, tltoy prolond to boliove it just to plcaso mo, and bo rid of mo." But, although it amused him to de preciate himself, ho had good .work in him, nevertheless ; and his employers for one thing eottld always dopend on his doing his best, and not scamping that work. He was thoroughly con scientious, and ns credulous as a bubv, although ho laughed at everything and everybody in a pleasant airy fashion ; and was wont to protest that ho was a dottblo-dyod cynic and contemner of mankind. He would liavo gono through' fire and water for a frieutl -, have lent an ac quaintance his Inst shilling ; have uiurdored an enotny cheerfully and effectually; and he had uorer been in love. Women ho professed to disliko ; but ho trontod the sex with high-flown courtesy, aud owned that every woman ho happened to know happened also to be an exception to provo the general rttlo of tho worthlossnoss of tho daugh ters of Eve. " Tho first woman who dolorminos to capturo you." said liiuily to him, " pop! down will go your arms at the first assault!" Beneath all his flippancy ho hail some strong convictions scarcolv to bo shaken, sotno prejudices, and not a few super stitions. Add to this that ho was young, with a nohlo face and manly figure, and that ho was utterly devoid of self-con- seiousnoss, as of i/aueheria, and you have a very fair picture of my friend. Of course ho was our first visitor lo Horno Lodge, for ho had given us much sage advice as to restoring and furnish ing ; advice ovolvod out of sotno myster ious source, his owu lodgings being of the most rough and ready order, and ho having in his heart a groat contempt for what- he called tho ina-riod affairs of life. " A club where you pay nothing," was his first idea ; and when my wife expostulated, ho rejoined, — " My dear Mrs. Wolter, you can't object, for tho very obvious reason that you don't know what the insido of a club is like," "Very like the insido of a waiting- room at ft railway station, judging from what I hnvo soen through tho windows, when tho gas is lit and the blinds not drawn. Bare walls colorod with sotno faint distemper — not even toxts or timo tnblc to ornament them, and a round table or two in the middlo of tho room littered with nowspnpetp." Mrs. Wolter was very fond of Ralph Goring, and the tnoro she brought hot' practical souse to ploy upon his exnber- nnt fancy, the nioro pleased he tvus. "You somotimos make mo fool," ho said to hor one day, whon with nn ounce of fact she hail crushed pounds of his flippant fiction, " like a littlo boy who is making a noise in tho drawing-room, wlfit his nurse tops at tho door — a memento i/o-tn-lu'd-i." " That is not complimentary, Ralph ; for tho nurse is abhorent to that boy at the momont,'' 1 said. " If ho is a vicious boy, with no sound knowledgo of right or wrong, and his Catechism, i am one of the other kind of boys ; and t always know that the nastier the physic tho more it is for my own good." Ono of his most ineradicable fads con cerned the possibility of, by breeding gradually, getting rid of all wickednoss. " I don't say it is possible in the sense you mean ; but I fay that if tho world would agree with mo and sot about it, it might; bo dono. As long as wicked pooplo aro allowed to marry wicked peoplo, tlton more wicked peoplo will bo born. Tho child of a couple of thieves will bo a thief, wliatovor you do with him, You may take liiin away from bin parents i»t any age, and you may turn him out the best educated, most piously brought up young man in Clapham. Ho will steal something. It may bo ideas from bis fellow-novelists or jour nalists, if that's hia line ; or it may bo another maiiV sweetheart, or his wife. If he gets into Parliament ho will holp a lot of grand stealing in the way of taxes, wars, and Buchliko. Tho thief is in his nature. Sad, but true. Now, ns you know, if you go on putting a little good game or Dorking bloocl into your common fowl, in a few generations (of fowl) you have - very respectable half- bred birds. In tho snino way, if you keep on diluting your criminal popula tion with virtuous blood you will gradu ally roach tho saino effect," " Rather hard on tho virtuous peoplo," said Emily, Inughing. "Yes; but it would bo thoir duty as citizens. Then with regard to brain. My fnthor and mother were both clover; ho invented all kinds of things which didu't succeed but ought lo have, sho wrolo poetry which certainly hud a claim to- immortality. What is tho consequence ? Liko fire and water, wnicn ns tnoy kiss consutno, iney pno each tho other out, ancl j am tho result. Now, if either of them had married a fool, I hnven't tho smallest doubt bub I. should at this present momont be editing the limes, or culling noble lords to order from tho wool sack." " Eufc if two thiovos produce a thiof, then two geniuses should pro duce- " " Oh, bothor logic ! " cried Ralph, gaily. "There should bo," ho said, on another occasion, " four grand institu tions in every country, all of course affiliated. Two for tho very virtuous men and women, and two for tho very criminal dittos. The International Marringo Bureau, which might transact its busiresi in Yolnpitk, would of courso only give its license when the proper junction was suggostcd. As an instance of a good junction I woultl mention a forger, implying cleverness nnd skill with tho lingers and a silly woman who lins murdered her unnecessary child in such a way that oven an English policemen must iind her out." " But surely," said Emily, " thcro aro no absolutely good or absolutely bad peoplo." " There ore absolutely bad ; and tho absolutely good die in childhood. That is why wo can nover got a perfect broed." " It is very nico, yotir programme ; but how about tho gentlefolk, whe don't show tho blacknoss of thoir hearts by picking or stealing ?" " Well of course tho Marriago Bureau of all tho world would have an army of spies (who must by plan marry blind people, I think) ; and, to take an in stance, if they saw a gay young man inclined to flirtation at a ball, and evi dently cf a butterfly nature, the Bureau would rofnso him a license to marry any girl that did not wear spectacles and splay boots, hate society, and love somo ology or other." "And to marry without a license from your International Bureau " _ "Would be death with tho alterna tive of spending every Sunday in suc cession for five years in Boulter's Lock, trying to got through." " Aud to do without tho necessity for the license ? " I asked ; and Ralph repliod, — " My dear Mrs. AVolter, your worthy husband wishes to ho improper. Let us clningo tho conversation." Behind all this persiflage thcro wns an honest belief in hereditary instincts and taints; and I novor know Ralph Goring ungenerous except whon it was a question of putting in a placo of trust the son or daughter of parents who had not gono the honost road." On one occasion I had befriended a lad from Iho gutter— his falhor and mother being both in gaol— and when that lad at tlio ngo of 18 helped himself to a cheque to pay his Derby losings, Ralph not only shouted, " Sorvo you right, I told you so !" over me, but was, I verily believe, unfoignedly delighted at my misfortune. Although wo wore not annoyed by any silly panics among our servants as ' to the ghost (of which, of courso, they all were duly informed soon after their arrival) for somo months, there was, as Emily discovered, a kind of suppressed excitement of expectation amongst them as to the possiblo bogey ; und especially did thoy go warily down tho dark aud narrow lane that led from tho high road to Horno Lodge, as if suspecting that the " awful shape " spoken of by the poot did close behind thorn tread. Drunken shouts from belated revel lers who hud missed their way, mysterious noisos caused by a gnle of wind, nay, even tho shriek of the rail-' way engine, at first put their hearts in a flutter ; but, up to a certain time, the even tenour of cur calm existence was not broken in upon. I went up to my offico with a regu larity on which I prided inysolf, because it wns nn longer absolutely uecessnrv ; and Einily sometimes accompanied ino ; but oftcner stayed at home, looked after hor incubator and its protluco (about 20 per - cent of tho eggs put in), and drove about tho lanes in u basket car nage, whon not occupied in tho all-im portant duty that went by tho name of Bahv. Our friends enmo from town to seo us, generally from Saturday to Monday ; and Ralph Goring dropped in whenever ho pleased, his room being nlwavs kopt in remlinoss. One momorablo evening I remember that ho had a brisk pnssngo of arms with Mrs. AVeller on the question started by himself, as to whether tlio advocates of wotwin'B rights, and those who mocked at domestic duty boing thoir principal mission, had not missed a very instructive bit of natural history, which afforded a valuable guide to the solution' of this difficult question. ."The lady oyster," ho said, "if I da uot shock you by mentioning a fact, — 'The Truth is always sweet,' some im portant person wrote, — lays its eggs, and then becomes a gotiflcinan oy>tor, aud, I presume, - then cultivates its beard. Now, if Doctor Anastatia Jouos, M.D., would, boforo turning her attention to patientB outside hor home, begin by " " My dear Mr. Goring," said Emily, with tho dignity she knows so well how to assutno whon it is, or sho thinks it is; required, " I don't liko oven my shriek ing sisters to ho compared to those flabby things, and, bosidos, I do not like tlio lino of argumont, Supposing your fact to bo a fact, which I doubt "Surely you'vo road of tho oyster that was crossod in lovo ? " cried Ralph, gaily- "And if a good wifo is far above rubios a bad oystor may produoo a pearl," I put in. And tlton tho conversation rambled off to somo other subject, to which I did not listen. I was sitting near tho window, watch ing tho moon apparently flying through tho angry clouds, and wondering whether Brighton A.'s would go up any higher, when I became aware that elose to mine was a face, on the other side of tho pans, peering into tho room. It struck mo Hint I must bo in tlio doep shadow of tlio curtain, and could not bo soon by tho in-looker, who wns to 1110 a face "and nothing more." I movod, nnd it vanished into tlio darkness, but not; boforo I could soo that it belongod to a womnu. Very few peoplo enmo down Horno Lano, which was a mil do sac, so this seemed a littlo odd ; but I cnrot'ully kopt it from my wife, lest she should in sist 011 my loading my revolver— 11 wea pon of which 1 am secretly afraid — and placing it by our bedsido. On tho for mer occnsion when sho had so insisted, my night's rest had boon disturbed by a constant desiro to light n cundlo, and see which way tho drendful littlA en gine's licfli was pointing. I inoiiiiouod the fico to Ralph, how ever, when lie. had gone upstairs, and to my surprise, ho scorned a little sprious. " Po you know," ho said, ".I have fancied for somo timo that cither you, or I, or this houso, is watched." . "Watched?" " Yos, and by a most bonutiful girl." " That is vory complimentary to you, or me, or this houso," I remarked play fully. " I'm not joking, John," said Ralph, lighting ono of my cigars 'as a compli ment to mo, for lie greatly preforrod his pipe. " I have seen hor hanging about thrco or four times whon 011 my wn v here. Slid has a pale wistful faeo, with enormous dark blue or violet oyos, a tall thin, but perfect figure, nnd neat, but what people would call, I supposo, rather Bhubby clothes. I was flattered tho first timo bIio took an iuterostin mo, intrigued tho second litno, and mystified tho third ; for, whatever sho did care for, I'll swear she didn't earo for my beaux i/cux." " Miue.porhaps," I ejaculated, puffing out somo sweet rings of smoke, as I lay back in my chnir. " Do you roinombor that day whon you missed tho train we were to have come down by together, and I got hero first, nnd found Mrs. Wolter out, and mot you at tho corner of tiio lauo ? " ; "Yes." " Well, you dear blind old John, that same girl was close behind you on the road, and turned away only when I met you. I'll lay odds she'd been following you just as sho followed 1110 ; but you aro always so deep in your ovoning paper, and your remiuisconces of tho bulla and hoars and other 'sweet animals in your city menagerie, that you wouldn't hnvo even remarked it if you had been 1 shadowed,' ns the Yankees say, by Sir Cliarles Wnrron and. tho whole army under his commnnd, dotoc- tivos and all." " It is vory nice to bo loved," T said, with tho humor that is born of a glass of whisky and water after an honest day's toil, whon tho slippers aro on tho feet, and the wife of the bosom has gono to bed, " especially when one has no exertion m tlio matter." I did not repeat this conversation to the wife of my bosom, because it' might liavo engendered ideas that would bo prejudicial to our penco ; although she knew all my secrets, and bad long ago ceased to fcol any bittcrnoss towards tho barmaid in Oxford town of 20 years syne, who had brought ino in my busy life nil it had known, bofore I mot her, of the sweot pains of Cupid's shafts. This hnpponedon a Sunday night, and next day I was kept late at the office ; so that, although Einily went up to town with me for shopping, she roturncd alone. When I reached homo, just in timo for dinner, I found her pleas antly excitod. "I have had 1111 ndronture, Jack," she said, when the servants left us nlono with our food. "If I did not know that your moral principles aro built upon a rock, I should bo alarmed," I roplied. "Don't talk noiiBenso, John." Hero lot ine pnronthuticnlly romarlt — my experience may be unique or it may not — that whon I am in high good favor my wifo calls ino Jack whon I have sunk a dogreo or so in hor baromotor of estimation I bccotno John; whon tho glass stands -at rain I am " my doar," whon it goes furthor down to much rain I bocoino " iny doar John," and at tho stormy point I am addrosscd in tho apparently affectionate form of " my dearest John." Let me add that " my dourest John " always does foro- tell a storm with mtiulrraiu to boot, and clonrs tho ntmospliero marvollously. \- Let 110 0110 think I am laughiug at ..my wifo ; she has corrected those proof shoots. " Don't talk nonsonso, John, You know what a crowd thoro is at Water loo by tho 6.1C train. Well, as usual, the people thoro didn't know .which platform it would bo, and I had all thoso parcels from tho storos, nnd from Madame Thdrdso's, nnd from tho fruit- oror, and all tho rest of tho things I wont up about — and — well I got-mixed,| .jumped into the wrong train, had only a miuuto to got out and catch tho right ono — 110 porter near — and my parcels all over tlio place. You would have said ' shop,' John, but a station is not a "hop. There ! Don't speak or you'll disturb my story. Well, I had just given it up in despair, and made up my tniud to lose the train nnd wait in tlint horrid placo anothor half-hour, whon suddenly somo 0110 came up, seized at least four of tho packagos, thrust tho othors into tho hands of a porter who happened to ho passing cried, ' Como 011 there is just timo !' to mo and ran away down tlio platform, tho portor follow ing, I after tho portor ; and, somehow or othor, quito out of breath, I found myself in a carriago of tho right train, just starting, with all the parcels with mo, and opposite tno my preserver 1" " Who wanted half a crown ?" " My, dear, Bho was n lndy." " A lady !" ' " Well, n girl neatly dressed, with tho — tho most beautiful, snd, oxprossivo fnco I over saw." " A pale, wistful face, with enormous dark bluo or violot oyos, a tall, thin, but perfect figure, aud uoat but shabby clothes." I hnvo a good memory, and ropontod Ralph's description of his spy almost word for word, Emily stared at me. . " You know her ?" I had got into a trap, .but I crept out. " My dear Emily, how 011 oarth could I know a casual young lady who rescues you nnd your pnrcels nt Waterloo ? No ; I was only imagining what a sort of 19th contury t'oina'o knight orrnnt, journeying about railway stations in search of suburban matrons in distress, might bo liko. Tell mo what liappoucd noxt." " How silly you aro to-night. Vory littlo happened. We talked." " Of courso." " What do you mean, John ?" " Naturally women — I men 1 pooplo — always talk." " I know what you moan, but I don't intend to fight. You've ovidontly had a good day ; and much as I regret the effect it has had 011 you, I ntn pleased at the catiso. Sho told 1110 sho wns oarning hor living ns a teacher of lang uages, and lived in lodgings near hero." " Did sho say near horo ?" " How do you mean ? - Sho told 1110 22, Omega Avoniio. Isn't that noar hero ?" " And are you going to call ? " " Why not ? Only sho's never at home, poor sweet girl. I. novor saw so perfect a lady for all the shabby frock." " It was shabby." " Of courso it wns ; if you had to earn your living by teaching lnngungos to a lot of " I interrupted guiltily : " Of courso, my dear, of courso. 1' wns wrong. I should wear a shabby frock undor thoso circumstances." Thoro was a pause. Emily was hurt, I could sob, by my flippancy ; and I was only flippant because 1 was struck by this coincidence, and wished to hide tho fact. "I mean to mako Miss Arthur's nc- quainlanco," said my wifo nt length. " That is to mako a friend of her. I be lieve in faces, ns you know ; and if ever a face spoke for tlio honesty nnd purity of its owner, hers docs'." However, sho did not moot the inter esting young lady for some time again, mainly, perhaps, because baby was not very well, and. she hut seldom allowed hersolf a run up to town for her bo- lovod shopping. And boforo she did meet her again, I had an adventure. I was sitting in my room Into nt night working out some calculations that lintl bothorod me in tho daytimo. It wns about midnight, nnd all tho household lind loug ngo gono to sloep. Tho quiot was vory groat— that is, between tho squalls that now and again swopt past tho houso, making tho win dows rat tin nnd tho old cedar in front of tho dining-room w indows groan in an uncanny fashion. I am uot a superstitious or a ' nervous person, and I smiled to myself, as I thought of how easily most alarms of ghostly noisos could bo accountedfort did tho henrors keep their sunsos. And as I tnused, I becaino awnre of a low grating sound somcwhoro beneath me ; stopping now and then, and then again going 011, slowly and regularly. I put down my pen. Was it one of tho ser vants snoring ? No ; impossiblo that I could. hoar that at the distnnco I was from thoir rooms, besides, it did not como from tho back. Quietly I wont lo tho window, and with 'much precaution against noiso I slowly unfastened tho shutter, and be gan to raise the snBh. As I did so — just ns there was noarly room for 1110 to put my hond out into tho black darkness — thoro arose, close undor 1110, ns it seemed, a shriek so woird, bo unearthly, that I involuntarily shrank back, terri fied for tho moment, into tho- room. AVith the shriek, or immediately after it, thoro seemed to bo a rush under tho window ns of pooplo flying for thoir livos. Recovering my sol f — and I. roinetnber 1 felt inclined to stop my oars lost another of thoso awful yolls Bhould como — I seized a thick Btick that lay in a corner of the room aud cnndlo in hand, started down stairs. I went so fast that tho cnndlo was blown' out ; but I know my way, and procoodod in the dark. I ontorod the drawing-room, which was locked on the outsido as it should bo, also tho dining-room, and Emily's boudoir. I stood still and waited, bub could hear nothing but the ticking of the clocks, and tho usual eroakings and groauings of tho furniiuro, which sooins to tnlto this way of stretching itsolf, and yawn ing whon its solfish proprietors are dis turbing tho comfort of tho bods up stairs. Half inclined to boliovo that I must have fallen nsleop and droamed tho noisos and the shriek and tho rost of it, I -was. about to rptrqco my stops bod- ward when I romomborod that I had omitted to patrol tho .pnssngo at the back, out of which tho housokcopor's room and pantry oponod. As I passed through tlio swing door that lod into it, I felt li rush of cold air, nnd wished that I had brought some thing bettor than my stick. The passago was about 25 foot long, lit by a window nt tho end with an ordinary English sash and- opening, but protected by iron bars on tlio outside.. I. bad often meant to hnvo shutters fitted to this window, bub' had forgotten to do so, nnd tho bars sooined solid and firmly fixed. ; I stood still for a momont, doubtful as to how I Bhould proceed, whon I hoard, from tho vicinity of tho window, tho striking of n match, anil for a momont I caught a glimpse by its un certain light of a woman intently scrutinising a small pioco of paper. Then tho match wont out, I knocked my stick accidentally ngainst the wall as I advanced hurriedly. I hoard a sound as 'of a dross brushing agninst some thing ; and all was still. By groat luck I found a cnndlo nnd a hnv nf irmtehns in tlio niintrv. and caillO 'quickly back to tho window. As I had surmised, it wns open, tho bars had boon filed through and wronehod outwards — a feat requiring a good deal of strongth — and 011 tlio floor at my foot lay two somewhat incomputable articles, a house breaker's " jemmy " and a woman's kid glove. Joans, my bullor, is, liko most but ler's, a marvellously Bound sleopor ; but I managed to walco him at last. AVo patrolled tho lower part of tho houso togothor, I10 armed with tho pokor and attired in a quaint for which he apologised whenever ho forgot to bo frightened, and in tho intervals of dig ging tlio pokor into holes, in which a dwnrf mouse oou'd hardly have hidden himself nnd his tail, however imma ture. Then, satisfied that at any rate thoro was no ono in the lower part of tho houso, wo did somo more searching upstairs ; and at last, tirod out, I rigged up 1111 iinprom|tii dcl'cnco against tho window, ono pane of which had been neatly removed, nnd retired to bed ; baring armed Jeans with my revolver, which I am convinced ho did not know how to (ire. It was vory satisfactory that 110 0110 but .myself had hoard that scream — which wns certainly what peoplo call " blood -curd iing" — for I feel sure all tho O8tablishmont would liavo left noxt, or rather that, morning ; nnd tho houso's reputation would liavo gono again. Next morning T told Ralph all about it, and we, with Joans— who had been sworn to secrecy — examined the ground underneath tho window. It was soil, and very distinctly were to bo seen tho marks, deep and curiously confused of hobnailed boots — ns far as wo could soe, only two pair ; but theso two pair had inado prints enough for 20, and in tho midst of them, not so distinct, but uot to bo mistaken was, tlio mark of the pressure upon tho sod of a small — vory small woman's boot. " AVoll, John," said Ralph, looking from it to tho glovo l hold in my hand, " you aro a lucky man. Horo is a shilling shocker given you graLis : <' Tho Herno Lodgo Mystery! J11 one volume, cloth-sown.' " "AVhnt is your theory ?" I nsked, for I didn't feel that it was a subject for jesting. " I hnvo 110 theory as yot (as tho police will say) ; but I have a strong opinion, which is that tlio femalo housc- bronkcr has an uncommonly small hand and pretty foot." To be continued.) 