OUR NOVEL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] UNDER THE GREAT SEAL, A NOVEL, BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "Clytie," By Order of the Czar" " John Needham's Double," " Cruel London," &c.; [Copyright, 1892, by Tillotson a Son."] CHAPTER VIII. (Continued.) "Woman's Instinct. ' Old Samson, with his ragged black and white coat, was lying at Hannah's feet, she sitting on a low stool by Alan, her head on his knee, her thoughts running with his, and his full of reminiscences of his three years at Heart's Delight. "Yanina the first time I ever saw ye," said Alan, stroking her thick hair with his great brown hand, " I landed from the first ship that sailed in that season. It was the Hope, free Yarmouth. The master was a Scotchman, harlin' free Glasgae. When I strode up into the village I saw ye standing in the porch of her father's house, the bonniest picture I'd ever set eyes on. Eh ! but ye were Hannah To just completely dazed me ; yedid'that!" -Alan 1" said Hannah, putting her white hand above her head to touch his that caressed her brown hair all the time he was speaking. "It's true, Hannah, my lassie; and though I concluded not to return in the Copeland not to go back to Perth, which was my intention after I'd made Yar- mouth-for there was a fellow there that sailed 'twist that and Glasgae-I'd nee mair courage to speak to you than if ye'd bacillus an angel from Heaven !" -Allan," said Hannah, you always exaggerate your want of courage in those days." "-was, not one iota, Hannah. I was just sneered at ye." " lay, Alan dear, not scared. "I was most assuredly right down sheered ; eh P bnt Hannah I did love ye !" "I know it, dear, but I loved you, too, and yet I did not feel like that." " Like what, my sweet lassie ?" " Afraid. Nor did I wish to make you seared. I remember as if it was yesterday when my father brought you home to the Great House that I was bent on making you feel very much at home and very content." "Eh! but ye were awful' kind come, Hannah. It was then that I tell your father I had made things straight for staying at Heart's Delight until the next fishing. He was curious to know if I had arranged it with e Admiral, and I tell him yes, that the master was a country- man, and knew my father in Perth." "My father liked you from the first, Alans Did he not ! "Wool that's as precious as a guide character from the Mayor of' Perth. I would change it for a medal." " You were afraid of me a very long time, were you not, Also " That was I indeed," said Alan, " ye seemed something so far beyond me and so ye are." "Kay, Alan, you only think that because ye love me, and if ye had loved in moderation we might have been married, eh, I don't know how many months sooner than we were." " I know how guide you are to me, how much ye love me when ye say that, Hannah: but ye will allow (here he chuckled -it was nearly a laugh that when I had yet consent I made short work about asking ye to fix the very next day for the wedding'." " Yes, truly, said Hannah laughing in her" turn, "a little encouragement soon made a man of you." " Eh ! it did that I could almost street to think what would come to me if ye handmaiden pity on me." "Pity!" said Hannah ; "I loved you all the time, loved you then as I do now and I love you to day, if it were possible, more than ever for the kind and thoughtful way in which you have acted in this trouble of Heart's Delight ; you made a sacrifice of feeling and pride, Alan, that is the sweetest, the noblest tribute you could pay to me, and the best thing you could do for our little David. All the women in the village loved you to-day, and God bless them and you for it." "My dear little wife," said Alan, "there is something we could ask me I wouldn't do for ye ; but you ask too much of this day's business. I would to God we could have been left in peace for a' that!" Just then Sampson sniffed the air and growled. "Why, what's the matter?" said Alan, patting the dog's head. Sampson, pushing his wet nose into Alan's hand, got up to rub his rough sides against Hannah in token of his double affection, his divided allegiance. "Yes," said Hannah, as if answering what the dog might be thinking ; " yes, we know a good old dog !" Sampson gave a short bark of pleasure ; but it was quickly followed by another low growl of alarm. He walked about the room uncomfortably, sniffing the air, and once bending his head down by the inner door of the porch. " The poor beast knows we are about to I quit, I mek nee doubt," said Alan, watch dog him. " He is growing old, Hannah replied, " and with age comes what father calls intuitive knowledge. He has often told me that instinct in ago often takes the place of knowledge ; he always feels in advance trie coming of joy or sorrow." Alan generally grew silent and reflective when Hannah began to talk in what he called her wise and learned way. She had had afar better education than Alan, whose training had not been on books or at schools, except such books as treated on navigation, and such schools as had more experience for schoolmasters. Hannah had always had the advantage of the education that priests can give ; watched over by her father, who was a man of some learning. Alan had often wondered at the strange knowledge Hannah possessed relating to all manner of curious things, historical and otherwise. She and Father Lavelle and the Master would, on winter [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the West Australian. nights, discuss questions of travel and discovery, even matters of science and works of art which Hannah had not seen or was ever likely to but the young priest would describe the great pictures of Florence and Venice, and the treasures of Home; and Hannah would look at Alan, and wonder if they would ever see these classic treasures. On this memorable night before the exodus of Heart's Delight, Hannah seemed to Alan to be full of wisdom beyond woman. " I sometimes think," she said, " that God also gives to a mother knowledge that is beyond books and teaching. Her love becomes her intelligence, her devotion inspiration. I somehow knew to- day, Alan, that your love would hold your manhood in check, that you would keep a calm, unruffled front to the most agitating and irritating opposition. At the same time there came into my mind a keen sense of regret that we had not taken our dear father's instinct of trouble to heart, and sailed away to the old country on the very day when we married." There were tears in Hannah's eyes as she uttered these last words, and Alan put his great strong arms about her soothingly as he asked, " would ye prefer that we do so now, Hannah ?" " If it were possible," she replied. " Anything is possible that ye wish," Alan answered softly. "I have no wish that is not yours, Alan." " And I mane that is not yours." " But your faith in the future of this place is so strongly fixed." " It was, dear, I don't say it was now ; but what is that against your desire ?" " My father, I think, longs for an abiding place in the old home of his fathers. He so often talks of it now. But Father Lavelle says that comes with old age, the memory of our youth is intensified. Don't you observe that my father continually talks of his father, and what his father told him of Dartmouth and Bideford, of the famous pioneers, the busy ships with news from distant seas, the quiet homes, the rights to sow and reap without question, and every man's house his castle ?" " Why, ye talk like ye might have seen the old country yersel, Hannah." " I have seen it in my dreams," she answered, " but it's too late, I fear, to see it in very truth." " Nae, it's never too late, my lassie. It would be right to desert the members and bairns just now ; but when the Settle- ment is once more in some kind of shape and ye still desire it, with the Master, we'll tek ship for the auld country, and welcome, Hannah. If Newfoundland is to continue under the heels of these licensed freebooters, week then the sooner were out of it the better." "Dear Alan, does your heart or your head speak in that sentiment ?" " Baith, my darling, baith. It greets are sure to think of the hardships were em barking' on, gazing out of the village to seek a new resting' place; not that the Back-bay valley is a delightful, that it just is d'ye see mind the ride we had one day in the Autumn, an' ye ran about like a chest gathering' the flowers ; we had not been married more than a month." "Yes, I remember, of course, dear," said Hannah, " but I don't remember in my memory the place you elect for the new Settlement." " Eh, it's just ground ! I'm thinking we didna ride quite so far as the bit of' pine forest; it's at the back of' that; wi' a fine stream of pure water, a long sloping bank of' grass, a long level of natural meadow, and soil fit for a garden. I ken the very spot where ye shall sleep to-morrow night ; I can tell ye Hannah that its as easy as anything' we can think to mek a tent, just that comfortable ye shall imagine ye were not in a regular built and caulked hoose. Ye'll have the shade of the trees and the modified heat of the sun ; an' for the night ye'll have a bed of skins an' sheets and a the comforts ye hae possessed as just here in Heart's Delight. And I'm thinkin' we'll ca' the place Heart's Content, eh ?" "Yes," said Hannah; Heart's Delight was heart's delight; but losing that Heart's Content comes next ; yes, Alan, it is a beautiful idea and has an inspira- tion of submitting to Providence; but with you, dear, every place would be Heart's Content for me." A low growl as if by way of protest came from Sampson, who was now standing in a watchful attitude by the door. " Eh, man, what's wrong ?" said Alan, addressing the dog. Sampson came from the door and leaped upon his master, planting his great paws upon his chest and whining as if he would speak. " What is it Some poor devil wants shelter or what ?" The dog leaped down and stood once more by the door watchful and angry. Alan went towards the door. " Don't go out, Alan ; it is some enemy, I feel sure," said Hannah. On the other hand, the dog seemed to encourage Alan to open the door. He showed his teeth, fell to heel, growled and was impatient. The poor beast was conscious of its strength, and did not understand that there might be danger still for Hannah and Alan, although he was there to protect them. The dog now suddenly dashed to the other side of the room near the door where little David was sleeping, then bounded to the window, and finally stood in the middle of the room bewildered. CHAPTER IX. A Cruel Conspiracy. " There are men about the house," said Hannah, in a whisper. " Our icebergs passed' by wi' their goods and chattels to be ready for the morrow, perhaps ; somethin' unusual in Sampson's experience ; that's it, and friend, eh ?" Sampson wagged his tail for a moment by way of answer, and once more stood sentinel by the door. " It is a very dark night," said Hannah, " and I'm afraid ; it may be that those cruel men are back again from their ships." " Nae, dinna fear that," said Alan ; the has gin us twenty-four hours, and its rather to catch us in the toils of some illegal act than to put themselves in the wrong they'll be scheming ; I dinna fear their presence, my lassie, until to-morrow at sunset and then, please God, we'll be cookin' our evening meal beneath the pines of Heart's Content." "Don't go out, dear," said Hannah, clinging to his arm. The dog walked quietly to the window, then sniffed at the further door, and with a grumble followed Hannah and Alan to the old cushioned settle by the fireplace, and once more disposed himself in a picturesque attitude at Hannah's feet. " Good dog," she said, " yes, the bad men are gone and I pray God we may hear no more of them until it is daylight, when we can see their faces." " Hannah, you are trembling as if you had seen a ghost." " Those men from the ships are about, I feel sure they are, and for no good." " Nae, dinna fear ; I am not inclined to think ye are right Pat Doolan, by way of bravado, said something about turning the two wee guns upon the ships. The man Ristack is a great coward, and may be he would think it safe to dismantle the fort until such time as the removal of Heart's Delight is accomplished." " Thank God they are no longer near our doors!" said Hannah, as Sampson seemed to be settling himself down more and more steadily to sleep. The old clock in the living-room of the Great House could now be heard as if afar off striking the hour of ten; it was very late for Heart's Delight. The note of time was echoed by a small timepiece in the annexe which the Kellys had called their own domicile. " Time's gettin' on," said Alan ; " how quiet it all is 1" " Yes," said Hannah, laying her head upon his shoulder, as they sat side by side on the settle. "It will be quieter in the Back-bay valley," said Alan, " for there ye Dinna hear the sea ; but the trees mek a music of' their rain, which was much different." " The sea is very calm to-night," said Hannah. " Not a ripple on it," Also replied, " and to think of the Lord of Hosts lettin' yonder pirate ships ride at anchor as if they were on some landlocked mere ; eh, Hannah, ken a wonderful place where a man of war might just sleep by the shore while the sea was raging'." " The lake you talk of by Labrador ?" " Yes." " But a terrible place, Also the sailors see demons there and it was taken even in the earliest times when the natives roamed the island from end to end." " It's a wonderful' harbour ; it's a clock made by nature ; a sort of hide and seek for mariners. One day when its very calm weather as the morn we'll just sail down the coast, and I'll show you the way ; ye would think there was no channel enough for a dingy, but there's a channel that would float a three- decker ; a waterway as gude as the entrance to St. John's, but it's disguised ; eh, ye cannot guess how safe it's disguised." They did Sampson an injustice to think he was sleeping. He had gathered that Hannah did not want the door opened. He knew that the men who had been prowling without had left the immediate locality of the house. He did not know that they had only gone down by the beach to take council once more by the boats. Bentz and Ruddock had heard Sampson's growl ; also the voice of Alan. They had hoped to find all ahead, both in the Great House and the annexe. They had now to revise their plans in presence of a watchful dog, and a strong and wakeful opponent. " Jim Smith," said Ruddock, Admiral Ristack has trusted you with the command of this thing ; I am only a volunteer ; it's naught to do with my ship ; it's Admiral Ristack's affair, and you are his representative, and, therefore, mind ye on this occasion you carry the authority of the King himself." "Very well," said Smith, "I am ready to do my duty, if I am rightly supported.'" " Ye needn't question that," said one of the crew. " If we dinna think much of our leader we have undertaken the job, and they say duty's duty at all times." " Aye, aye," said the others. " Then," continued Ruddock, " my advice and that also of this loyal man, Master Lester Bentz, is that one of you have a knife handy for the dog, and the others crowd all sail on Keith and secure him at any risk, dead or alive ; alive if possible, and gagged, eh, Master Bentz ?" " Just so," said Bentz. " I shall try a subterfuge," said Smith. " May a man ask what a subterfuge may be ?" said Nicol, who was a very matter of-fact Scotchman. " Knocking at the door and begging for assistance, as if a body was in trouble ; or say the fish stages are afire ; or what you will." " And then ?" asked Ruddock. " Well, the moment he shows himself seize him." "And the dog ?" asked Bentz, who had seen Sampson's teeth more than once. "Mardyke undertakes the dog, with ten inches of cold steel." "That's right," said Mardyke. " For which duty well performed," said Bentz, " I, as a volunteer, am willing to pay out five golden guineas." " Consider that dog dead," said Mar- dyke. " Well, then, we are agreed," said Smith; march, and take your orders from me." " Aye, aye," said the men. " And no one speak above a whisper." "Aye, aye," once more was the response, and in less than half-an-hour Sampson, at the moment when Alan and Hannah had resolved to retire, once more showed signs of uneasiness, and at one bound, with a great loud bay, rushed to the door. .'. What is it ?" said Alan, following the dog, Hannah clinging to her husband's arm. " A man in distress !" said a voice from without; "wounded,dying-help! help!" " Don't go out !" Hannah exclaimed, as Alan unbarred the door. The dog crouched at Alan's heels ready to spring. "Oh," groaned the voice outside, " don't leave me to die !" Alan opened the door. As he did so he was attacked by half-a-dozen men before he could strike a blow in self-defence. At the same moment, Ruddock and Bentz rushed upon Hannah, fastened her apron over her head and smothered her cries. The attack was so sudden and complete that hardly a sound was heard beyond the first grating bark and growl of the dog as he leaped at the throat of the very man who, unfortunately, was best prepared for the assault. (To be continued on Wednesday.) 