II AMI IASHIS6T0I, My Aunt Washington bad Imlf the <couuty ut her feet; she know* it, and lost not a whit of tho vantage thereby. I had ob served it with pride, for nothing at the timo escaped my note, though I own with raortifi* cation that ouly tho Sunday befoxe tho time of which I speak I had cried aloud in tho great meeting at tho Court house, from haviug lost ray red morocco shoe, by reason of a stout man sitting on my foot. Not that my foot was hurt, but that I feared tho loss of my shoe, which, being red, was very pretty, though truly a snug fit, grandmother and my maid Jane making much ado in getting them on in time. But they were brought to mie from New York, a grout journey m that ‘day, meaning to me then tbo whole of tho outer world. I roraember wellhowmyround cheeks burned, though my tears wero still dropping from the loss of my finery, when my fathor lifted me by one-ana over tho heads of the people, tho seats being arnauged in a semicircle one over tho Other, and uovor paused until he had deposited mooafoly in my own chair at home. Aunt Washington had not gone to moot ing, pleading a headacho, though I found her in the garden among tho swcot alyssum beds, laughing and talking with Henry Lytle. Ho chucked luo uuder tho chin when ho had heard my tearful story, for my shoo had been loft behind, and X doubted that my father would trouble to fetch it; but Anut Washington laughed and gave mo a peppermint from her pocket. She liked my small frivolity, she avowed, and deolared aae a thorough woman. I liked not the appearing of Henry Lytlo, by reason, perhaps, of my grandmother’s aversion, for -she could not abido his pres ence ; particularly, as Aunt Washington touohed her lip at my sudden appearing, and Henry'Lytlo made a wry face, shrug ging up his shoulders. Aunt Washington was tho youngestohfld of my grandmother, and only surviving daughter,-and was n pretty widow of three years’ standing. Now my grandmother held rpoouliar views an regard to widowhood, bearing out all_ principles with honest practice, that upon tho return of a woman to her father’s house, '-she having been widowed, she should resume the subservience of her former -childhood, particularly until five years *of mourning should be passed; and though Auut Washington was possessed of a cozy little fortano in her own right, from her hnaband, graudmother ruled her youngest daughter with a rod-of iron. My father, being mostly uuder tho same roof, «*me in' for his portion of courtiorahip, and though my grandmother was • a wonderfully charming woman, she was none tho less u d;spofcinhorown way. £ often wondered, as I sat iu tho sunshine nursing my old wooden doll and watching ihedight as it played upon my grandmother’s face as she sat at her netting, what position in tho great house, with its great head, my late lamented grandfather had occupied, but j upon that matter all wero as sileut as tho 1 grave, and I dare not qmstion. We dawdled among tho flowers until high coon of this August Sunday, i free as air and barefoot. Aunt Washington having suggested the advisability of removing my remaining shoe, altogether unrestrained in grandmother's abseuce, chasing tho white and yellow butterflies with my Sunday hat, nt the expense of tho artificial wreath upon it, whose petals wore wofully shattered. But what difference did it make, whon the garden •was full of tho living flowers ? Henry Lytlo looked at his watch, when, at tho turn of the lane, we saw the church party approaching, aud likening us to mice, said something unintelligible about tho morrow, stooped his tall head and kissed both Aunt Washington and me, much to my astouishmeut, for grandmother was wont to deliver severe dissertations upon the promiscuous osculation of the sexes, holding that kieses were unholy things, ♦-even upon an unoffending infant, bat Aunt Washington gavo me a peppermint, which was a sufficient hint as to my discretion. When grandmother's royal silk rustled in at tho front gate (grandmother was inoro \- gracious of a Sunday) Henry Lytle’s long legs had girdled the garden fence at the rear foe an instant, aud he was gone, loav • lng Aunt Washington and mo with smiles, bur with a iruilty “ Sunday feeling,” I as to tho butterflies aud my Sunday hat, Aunt Washington ns to Henry Lvcle and the kisses. Monday was a great day at the “Elms,” a day of clearing away tho literal aud im aginary cobwebs that had gathered over Sunday, that being the only day in the calendar, excepting Christmas, wherein tho ; whisk aud dust cloth were not used with ■ mental and moral vigor. Upon that particular Monday grand* mother was summoned to attend a dying friend, a friend of her owu girlhood. Now grandmother bolioved that there was a time for all things, oven a time to danco, which flho afterward proved, but in spito of tho tics of years of association it was very un reasonable in Martha to take to dying of a Monday, she averred. However, duty wus duty, and as such my grandmother never shirked it,, so, without delay, the family ^carriago was fetched, and with many directions to tho maids and special admonitions to Aunt Washington iu regard to the quince preserves, now in a primary state of preparation, with a rustle of silk and a whiff of lavender, grandmother was driven away, leaving tho household world to Am t Washington and to me. My ideas as to our respective occupations fer the morning are not very clear at this late date. I had au allotted daily task upon my Bampler, iuto which pattorn grand mother had stuck a pinto mark itplimita* tions, and I remember that my Auut Wash ington was unusually busy. My sampler was very exasperating nnd my crewels snarled unmercifully. Tho'text was, “Honor and Shamo from no Condi tion Rise.” I had gotton through the basket of primroses with cross-stitch and into “Shame,” and now I was slipping my canvas in a most slovenly manner, wishing that I was a boy or a butterfly, or aometnmg not required by grandmothers or nature to work samplers, when my senses were assailed by voices from tho kitchen, as well as the aroma of boiling quinces. My intuition told me that it was Henry Lytle, and X lost no timo in satisfy ing tha, sense by proof. Ho was standing ly one side or tho big brass kettle, and Aunt Washington on tho other, with a wooden spoon iu her hand. They were . arguing about something, and Aunt Wash ingtonlookcdhalf- laughing,half-frightened. Honry Lytle—in iny grandmother’s kitchen ! Alas ! Alas ! »Suoh indecorum—and ho had dared, aud Aunt Washington had dared !—oh ! grandmother ! grand mother ! - But he said something moro about mice, and chucked mo under tho chin again, and Aunt Washington sent mo, with exact par ticularity, to require of Aunt Peggy, tho ■housekeeper, seven sticks of cinnamon. I have seduously avoided tho use of cin namon in preserves, even to tkia day, for a discreet uso of nutmeg, cloves, ginger or mace, I have found, serves tho purpose fully as well, without any unpleasant sugges Uuco upon my mission, in spito of tho dignity of my seven years, I forgot to return immediately. It must have been an hour or flD lator when, guiltily upbraided by con acienc«,.I gathered up my seven cinnamon sticks. Tho house seemed strangely quiet, and from tho kitchen carao tho alarmingly naploasaut odor of burning syrup; I say alarming, for tbo cscapo of such an odor into my grandmother’s house was a positive catafltropio. L ran as fast as my chubby legs would carry mo, calling upon Aunt Washington, but no Aunt Washington responded. The oontents of the big brass kettle wero burning at the bottom and boiliug over. I tiptoed on a chair and stirred it with tbo wooden spoon, burning my fingers iu tho operation, but I was too disturbed to weep, ana besides no one 1 was there to comiort me. I tried to lift tho ] seething stuff; X might as wisely have tried i to move Black Mountain. Net a maid was 11 •in. sight or hearing. Aunt Peggy was deaf, I £ and from my position I might havo shouted J * uUtil doomsday, for all that she could hoar. I verily believed that it was coming’, and there lay Carlo, tho only living thing in hearing, with his black noao on his paws, not bunging, as though ho oared not whit for nke «c tho preserves. If woo oould have put out tho firo tho pre serves would havo been saved. However, I wanderod about helplessly, still holdiug on to the woodou spoon, when I spied a bag of poppormints that Aunt Washington had thoughtfully left upon tho kitohon tablo ; these I grasped as my only oolaco in this time of trouble, and nover stopped until ’ I was in wy own littlo bed, head uud{ oars covered, still holding fast tho pepper 1 hoard tho maids return, thon a stir mid a bustle, t know that my own maid was seeking £or me. In tho fear of my grend mother’s'anger, 1 had aCmost forgotten tho \ absence *of Aunt Washington. Where was Aunt Washington / Whoro was *Konry Lytle-P I hoard the approaohing wheels, signalling ray graudmother’s return. 1 heard thO'browing of tho tftorm, culminating in tho arrival of a mossago whion “ trustod that tho preserves were ncC spoiled, aud bogging grandmother’s pardon, Aunt Washington bed gone to marry Henry Lytlo !n And whoro is Francos Ann!” demanded ■my graudmother. Feeling mvsett summoned, I descended I'from mynestlibe a culprit, and, amid sobs, I related all I know, oven down to tho pep permints and seven oiunumoa sticks. Having no ono olse in particular to blame, upon my sorrowful and dovotod head was poured all tho wrath that my poor, outwitted grandmother could muster. Tho suu had ceased to shino on my grand mother’s houBo. My fathor had suddenly decided to mako a trip to Now York, to bo gone for a matter of five or six months, and loft mo alono in my ohildiBh Borrow, aftor having vainly promiBod to bring mo raoro things than I over could havo dreamed of— ahiugs totally nusuitod and inappropriate for child of inr tondor yoars. My grauomotbor was silent, but scrupu lously exact in tho daily business of lifo, and persistently refused to consider any presupposed advances to bo made by Aunt Washington and Henry Lytlo in the future. Said my grandmother. “Serena has made her own bed, and she can lie in it.” Soon after my father’s departure my graudmother sent for Barrister Quills. Now ! Barrister Quills was tho family attorney, as his fathor had been boforo him; ono of tho powerful triumvirato in great old families, without whoso attendance groat family oc casions wore null and void. Seed cakes were brought and a pair of cobwobby bottles, for service in my grand mother's boudoir, a ceromoniul always pro ceeding important business transactions. ^ Upon his departuro I encountered Bar rister Quills upou tho piaz/a, whereupon ho putted me on tho head and called me a very clover child, taking unusual notice of luo. Affairs wero very quiet iu my grand mother’s house, but my grandmother beoamo suddouly aware that I was in need of an education, so n governess nud music master wore provided for mo, my pautelettos wero made a littlo more ornate, aud with all this care I soon bocamn a most miserable littlo creature. I oould not quito mako out my newly ac quired importance. I feared that my father was preparing to take a wife unto himself, and wept in seorot accordingly, for grand mother was stoical iu her silence. One day, Jane, my maid, revoulod tho causo of all my woes. She whs curling my hair for my daily prescuc3 in my grand mother’s drawing-room (there wero visi tors), when, my hair becoming in some wav entangled with the cano, for it curled naturally, I cried out. “ La !” said .Tune, “haiu’t you 'shame, Miss Frances, ter cry out lack er baby, when Olo Miss done sot you uj) fur er leotlelady !’’ and she tweaked my hair again, at whioh iny toara continued to flow. “When Olo Miss dono cut Miss S’rena out'n do will, lack sho dono cut MarserLeo, an’ mek you do hoir ! Hain't jou ’shame, when you oughter bo proud an’ “ What, Jane l” Icried, aghast. “ Won’t grandmother have Aunt "Washington for her i daughter nover any more r” I “No,” said Jane, “ she dono taken 3*011 in [ her place. “Mo “ Yes,” said Jane, with a cautious shake of her finger, an’ you oughter ’have fitton ter your ’sition, Miss Frances, Doy do sav, Miss Frank, as how Miss S'reua is dat lumpy wid Henrj* Lytlo, she don’t kcor.” “ Where is my Aunt Washington ?’ I do mandnd. “ Huh! I han’t got her ; over ter yer Cousin Dorcas’,” said Jane, “but nono uv us fum hero haiu’t terseo borer ter speak ter hor. Olo Miss say so.” “ I won’t havo her place, and I’ll tell grandmother so !” I cried, stamping m}* foot, as was oustomnry with me iu those days, on a sudden rise of temper. “ I’ll just tell graudmotherso, so there !” “Bottor leave Olo Miss’lone,” said Jane in an awestruck tone. ‘ ‘ Et she wanter leave you all sho pnt, you can’t top it.” My irrnndmother had disinherited my Aunt Washington as she had my Undo Loo, the year before I was born, and who hud never returned from Frauco since that event Soinebow, I associated tho fact with tho offering up of Isano. without an intervening power, or the casting of babes into tho Ganges by heathen mothers, of whom my governess read to mo on Sundays, and for tho reclamation of whom I was saving up m\\* coppers. . 1 looked at grandmother in hor flowing silks, with her sauvo, gracious manners and smothered sorrow, aud moro and moro I associated her in my mind with the Hindu woraou ; but my grandmother wont to church and was a Christian. Timo wore on, and I with an uneasy con Koionco wore, as I deemed it, my borrowed dignity. My fathor returned and loaded mo with gifts until I skipped about like a bedizened Indian princoss, but still I was nothappy, for I feared to confide my trou bles^ to my fathor without my graudmother’s - advice. Girlp were vory modest aud timid in ray day, even the most daring, aud had not a • fraction of tho confidence they now bravelj* < display. It may perhaps be now as well, but 1 it was not thou tho fashion. 1 At last wc heard that there was another 1 Sorona at tho house of my Cousiu Dorcas a ] Serena, rose-leaved and tiny. < It was outy whispered; and I went. 10 bod^ 1 fevered with interest and silent curiosity, for t [ daro not mention tho uowa to my grand- I nothor. ^ She had ohanged of late, was eomotimos 1 abseut aud dreamy, ns she eat at her net- 1 ting, giving mo skoiu after skein to untangle 1 only to mesh them agaiu. My grandmother • was strangley out of sorts; my governess did ' not ploa8o her, my music master eliritodno intorost, in fact, sho was fain to put tho littlo man out of tho house altogether, aud oven my voice was harsh in iny graudmother’s ears. Perhaps she was thinking of her distant son, perhaps of my beautiful Aunt "Wash- I iugton, perhaps of the littlo baby sho lmd not even seen. Ilowbeit, my grandmother ! was sufficiently out of humor to catechise me ! on geography, and finding mo wofnily un- 1 responsive sho boxed ray ears and sent mo from tho room. Now tho sting of mortification was heavier than tho weight of my grandmother’s hand, and gulping a something that hold tho nervous semblance of a piece of crusty corubread in tho throat, I wandered tear fully among tho elms. I would do some thing, Child as I was, I felt that I was Dcoupying tho position of an interloper, and such a position was unbearable. I had m3* nvn placo to fill, and could not tako Aunt Washington’s, no matter how muon my grandmother wished it. Under her cold interior I knew that sho was grieving, that iho uover would bo happy again in tho ibsenceof her child, though sho might die in ler prido without a word. Beyond the arching elms, at eight of mo, ny father’s horse, a blooded animal, whin icycd from his tether, eager to bo gone. I iftttod his sensitive flank that quivered be loath my touch. He was saddled and ridled, and yot my father bad not coino. uddenly a groat thought trembled at my eart and leaped into my pulses. The house 1 I t t P C d k of mycousittDorcas was only six milos away. I know every inch of tho road, ovory brako; overy plum-thioket. I would heal tho family breach ; I would yiold my false posi tion ; 1 would go and fetch Aunt Washing ton. What cculd grandmother do against her prosonco, my toars, her pleadings ? I pictured how aho would plead, in a whito musliu dress—and if she would not, then I would for her. ] No one was about. Quick as thought, | though stealthily, Idimbed into tho aaddto, ' prepared for once to do my masters credit; 1 and rode slowly through tho heart of tho. town, lest I should attract unduo attention. Though people turnod onco and ngaiu to" look at my bars head and streaming hair, i for I hud forgotten my bonnot, I was not 1 molested. All alone, without oven Jooffry to follow —alter uearly a year of ourbing, such bliss, suoh freedom! Atthoodgoof tho wood I gavo iuto a 'brisk oanter, to which tho spirited Nero was not adverse. How it would have worried .T-cofFry to keep abreast of that upon his ambling oob! Suoh delirious air, such delirious freodom, with my long ourls whip I'imj my’baok like so many loosenod bridlo ^Uto&st; in my enjoyment I had forgotten my mission, whon right iu tho middle of tho roadj-only a fow paces ahead, a baro-leggod urchin throw up his hat. I screamed, but too^ -late, for onco again tbo dark thing whirled, and, with a vicious yoll, tho little rascal disappeared. Nero renred suddenly upon his haunches, then, wheeling like a thing possessed, took bade thiough tho tangled wood. Too frightened to think, I dropped tho roin and flattened tnysolf against his nock, holding with all my childish strength to tho rising and falling mane. On, on, through tho brake and tauglo, eorap iug mo almost from my seat, 'the frightened animal sped; on, on—now bank to tho edge I of tho town. With olosod oyos I hoard tho | shouts of tho mon, the scream of tho women to “ save tho little child !" I thought of my fathor, my grandmothor, Aunt Washington, tho littlo baby I had nevor known. All now would go on without mo; thoy would never know how I tried to mako them nil happy. Thoy would never know that it was not a • childish prank—and I nvould have died, in j vain, in vain. .j It was morning, tho sunlight fell like gold ! dust through tho littlo diamond panes. 1; was stiff and soro, my hoad was bandaged,; and I could not eaove my arm. < 1 must have been dreainiug ; I thought I* whs dead, but I was iu my own littlo bod,' whose muslin curtains looked like snow in tho sunlight. Somebody sat at a table net ting, and there were tears in tho eyes that looktd now and again upon my bed. Was this my grandmother—that tender pain hors that lay upon brow and lip? Sho stirred, I closed my oyos again; porhaps I dreamed, but on my cheek I felt suoh kisses rain as I had nevor known in all my orphaned tifo before, murmured caresses, sending tendor thrills to wake that part of my young heart that would have been my mother’s. Was this my grandmother ? I must have dreamed ; sheor woukuess fell upon me— tangled i*keins and smothered kisses drifted1 with the dream. For many days I balanced lifo and death with fevor, bruises and a broken arm, hold ing often through tho weary night grand mother's hand in rnino, and then thoy came from far to ask for me and shamo mo with a fair tale of my bravory. 'Twas wonderful, thoy said, for such a child as I to sit so firmly and so long. 0no day when all wero gone and I could orcop about like a small ghost from chair to couch, from couch to chair again, my grandmother had set down a tiny table right before my chair, and on it Jeoffry placed tho seed-cakes and tho wine. I breathed the very atmosphero of cere mony, as my grandmother took a seat across from my wau self. When I had drauk aud choked and, half in foar, had nibbled a cake, my grandmother loanod upon horarm and lookod at me. “ Francos," sue said, iu toues both grave aud slow, speaking for tho first time of my osoapado, “it was a naughty thing of you to take your father’s horse, n wild and vicious thing ho hardly dares to rido ; ic was a wicked thing to steal away alone withoutpormission, though you must have had your reasons, child, for you aro not a fool. What wore thoy, Francos; why did y*u go?" Tho keen grey eyes wore fixed upon my own — hard, inquisitive, uncompromising now ; I must hftvo surely dreamed they ever looked in love. T hung my head aud whispered : “ To fetch Aunt Washiugtm homo." “ And what affair was it of yours to inter meddle?'' domanded my grandmothor. • With all my weukuscs this was more than I could ‘bear. Hell upou my knees and clasped my grandmother’s skirts’ with my unhurt arm; “Because,” I sobbod, “ I don’t want Aunt Washington’s plnco ; I don't want to be a fine lady, as Jano says I must. I don’t want any lessons, any music, uuything. Take her back, aud tho little baby, too, grand mother—tho littlo baby that is just tho same to you ns 1 am—Jano said so. Ploaso lot us all 'bo happy, aud lot mo be good My grandmother drew herself nwny and looked at ino. I must hnvo been a vory piti ful sight, with my bandaged arm and great wide eyes, for my grandmother turned and loft the room without a word. All tho • morning I felt thnt I was under a cloud; but about noon my grandmother sent again for Barristor Quills, and over tbo seed-cakos and tho wine I was made a party to the proceedings. I have not a vory dear recollection as to what passed, perhaps duo to my years, or to tho wine to whioh I was unaccustomed, blit that night, ns grand mother tuoked mo iu my crib and put out tho light (grandmother always performed that rilice for mo when thoro woro no guests in the drawing-room) sho bent over mo and tvhispored as geutly as her softened humor t>ndo: “ Mv Frances, sho shall come." Thoro wore great preparations at tho ‘Elms" for the reception of Mistress Henry Lytle, my grandmother irresistibly ilurring the mule portion in her montion of t. She nevor did anything by hnlvos (per mps excepting this}, and such baking and anting was unknown since my own dear* aother’s marriage. The gentry from far, -nd near were bidden to a feast, tho liko of vhich was tho superlative of overy eom larison for many a year. In somo way or thor I was to figure as a heroine, though tiy small head was unable to grasp tho i aason why. But it was all as good as a lay, of which Aunt Washington told me, rhoro all tho people wero gay and aarchod off and on a stage. I was 'ranked-out in a brocaded satin pettiooat, ind had my hair dressed most inappro >riato to iay years; but Aunt Washington, >r Aunt -Lytle, ub I should properly call her, vould have it so, aud Mistress Lytle’s word vas not to bo questioned. My arm, pro mkingly slow-to mend, was bound in one of Henry Lytle's'best neckerchiefs. My graud nother was gorgeous as n Graud Duohoss, rnd happier, too, ’tis fair to wagor, than nauy another besido a throne. To her jranddaughtor, her blaok satin train gavo noro tho aroma of dignity than can over igniu die with woman. Aunt Washington, besido Lor lover hus >aud, woro the bridal robes sho had not voru in her hasty flight, now with hor notker’s own permission, and amid tho •lcssings of us all. Oh, how thoy danced:! I looked upon hem from my littlo chair, pushed oloso bo ido my grandmother’s own. “Sir Roger o Coverley” woko tho echoes of tho dis int past. My grandmother led out nth Barcistor Quills ; Aunt Wusbing m followed with my father; twenty, , lirty, forty couples—ah! no, I could not 1 mnt them—flashing tkrir colors liko 1 mngoablo rainbows against tho vibrant 1 ’ail of violins. On, on, through the hours, 3 ith tho pause of a toa-oup or thotippiugof ' glass. On, on, with the violins, tho mellow * rices that told my happy, childish heart that j 3Qco could brood again upon tho “Elms." J n, on. through heavy lids that would but ‘ oso, I see them yet—through all the darker *ys that came and passed—and on the top ost stair to wave a kiss to mo, her white J bos, tho pinions of my childish dreams, the j se unwitnoring upon her breast, the best- . red of my kindred, my Aunt Washington. ! 