Nora and Kathleen ; OR, The Cousins of Kildare. CHAPTER XVIII. —Continued. " I would like to give you a last chance to patch up a truce," lie said, ' in a low and faltering voice — " a last chance- " " Then you must propose something new," said the Lady Nora. " You have my decision in .regard to this fellow-conspirator of yours, Redmond Kildare. I am ready to bear this im prisonment as. long as 1 your patience holds out. Sooner or later,', of course, you will be compelled to grant me my freedm.i. You cannot hide ' a woman lil.j me away, 'froin her friends a long time without inquiries being made for her. Lord O'Neil will demand my whereabouts. Lady Kathleen will inquiro for ine. Sus picions will light upon you, and you will be compelled to produce me." ; As her latest remark showed, the young girl apprehended nothing worse at the hands of her kinsman, than a prolonged captivity. As well as she was beginning to know this mild-eyed, smooth-faced man, she did not yet half comprehend his capabilities for, wicked ness. Kildare, with the smile", 'we have described seemingly frozen on his face, slowly took up the light, and as slowly opened the door and sidled out, keepr irig his blazing- eyes . fixed on Norn. Once outside, the door, ho closed it abruptly, locked it, and descended: the stairs. Mrs. Fogarty, half asleep, was- awaiting his return in the lower hall. "The saints be between us and v harm!" she ejaculated. " Why, your honor looks as if you had seen a ghost I" 1 " I am in the humor to make one," said the lawyer, grimly. "My ward causes me agreat'deal of trouble, Mrs. Fogarty. "We shall have to keep up this system of bread and water and close confinement; But I'm afraid that even these' things will not break her spirit !" " If I couldn't break her spirit, I'd' break her head, as' my old man used to say of me," , said Mrs. 'Fogarty; coarsely!. "The girl's as obstinate as a mule, and has nearly worn the life out of me, And the way she's shrieked for help at times has been enough to make one's hair stand on end ! Last night I expected to see the police rush; in all the way from Dublin, let alone tyie neighbors ! You'll never do any- thing with ;her,' your honor, and may, as well let her out at wonst !" ;; " You think so f' ;- "I do. If she won't marry the man ' she'd ought, why, you'll have to let her throw herself away, your honor. She ain't to be driven." A look came upon the lawyer's face that made the old woman tremble. "She will make me trouble," he muttered, unless I do something. I wish I had ' the right .sort of man to help tiie plan arid act. .1 'wish — ; — " "Sure, the devil will, send the man you're wanting," said ;Mrs. Fogarbyj: convinced that the " help " Kildare required was of a description which the father of evil would delight in. "You've only to look round.'', At this juncture a, stealthy step was heard without. The lawyer arid the widow were alike silent. The former instinctively shielded the. light with his person. Then the door was softly tried from, the outside. It did not yield. The next minute there was a low, grating, rasping sound in the lock, as of one turning the key with a burglar's im plements. The lawyer drew a pistol ready for use. , . Mrs. Fogarty turned sick. with terror. Presently the door was pushed softly ajar. Tt opened more and. more widely, and a man's form wriggled through the aperture into the hall. There was one moment of wild astonishment on either side, and the intruder was about to retreat, and Kildare, who had shrunk back to the wall, was about to fire, when Mrs. Fogarty, with a shriek of joy, bounded towards the door, crying out — " It's Tim ! It's my boy ; Tim come home !" It was indeed Tim Fogarty, alias Murplo, Bassantyne's quondair valet, and in most wretched guise. And' at sight of his villainous face Kildare put up his pistol, and his faoo glowed witk delight. " The devil has sent me the help ' I want," he muttered. "Arid just in time |" CHAPTER XIX. a villainous compact. As we have- said, Tim Fogarty, alias Murple,. was in most wretched guise. During the fortnight which had elapsed since his hurried flight from the hotel in Dublin, after Iris recognition of Lame Bill, he had passed th rough the several stages of seediness and poverty, and now presented a strong family resemblance to the great tribe of beggars which infests all the Irish and English cities. Ho was ragged and dirty, unshaven and unshorn, and his neglect of personal appearance added to his usual sinister aspect. It was a w.onder that oven his mother had the courago and the affec tion to recognise and to claim, him. It wus no wonder that ' the smooth, mild-faced, gnntletseeming lawyer, scanning him so closely through gentle, half-shut eyes, should deem him an emissary from the father of evil, and just, the man of all others to. assist him in tarrying out his nefarious plans. Fogarty, or . Murple, had not fol lowed the circuitous route of flight laid out for him by Bassantyne, .arid which had been intended to bring him at its close to Ballyconnor. He had , in tended to follow it to the letter, and had indeed gone to. Drogheda, but here he had fallen in with , some jolly alehouse frequenters, made their ac quaintance, and remained to cultivate their society until his. money was all spent in drinking and gaming. ' The end of the fortnight found him still at D'roglieda, poor and penniless,- his best garments disposed of for board, and utter destitution staring him in the face. At this crisis of affairs he had decided to write to Bassantyne to send him money, and was indeed on his way to a stationers to invest his last threepence in paper, pen, and a stamp for the purpose when, to his horror, lie encountered his old enemy, Latne Bill, face to face. Losing his courage utterly at this recontre, and comprehending in an in stant that Lame Bill was searching for him, Fogarty turned and fled down the nearest street, darting into, alleys and by-ways, and never resting until lie had completely distanced Lame Bill, who had sprung, after him "in quick pursuit. . - ; The fugitive did not return to the inn where he had been lounging, but, with a wholesome horror of the law, with which Lame Bill, was now associ ated in his eyes, he struck out for the open country, and made hjs way by slow and circuitous routes to Olondal- kin, .begging his food as he went, and sleeping at night in rickyards,-.or under hedges. I-Ie had arrived at Clondalkin a half- hour before midnight on this night of iMichael Kildare's visit to his ward: At an alehouse, where he- had halted to beg a drinlc, in the outskirts of the village, lie had cautiously made in quiries for Mrs. Fogarty, and was told that she lived at Yew Cottage,- a place he well knew as.; belonging. to.liis. aunt, Mrs, .Kildare's city housekeeper. Then ;he had stolen, with. slow arid creeping -steps, to; Yew Cottage. The lawyer's ihorse and phaeton were hidden in the shrubbery, and- he did not detect their presence. .. No. light 'showed from within the dwelling. , ; ,.j . . "The old lady js„. asleep," he saicj. to himself as lie stealthily crept up the steps. " If I knock and arouse her tiie neighbors may hear. ; Lame Bill may be watching in thp neighborhood ; he may even bo lurking about the grounds. The stillest way is the best way. Once in I can find my way to the old lady, ; so here goes !" , ; - It was thus that he stole into the cottage like a burglar, and found him self, to his terror and, amazement, con-, fronted, not only by his mother, but by the Dublin lawyer, whom lie had formerly ' known, and Whom he -recognised in an instant. He would have retreated, but his mother clasped ' him; round the neck,' arid- the lawyer closed and locked the door, withdrawing the key. .. ... " What are you afraid of Tim ? »' -asked Mr. Kildare,- in his soft, melli- ifluous tones. "Not of me, surely? I 'wouldn't betray you for a thousand pounds. You are as safe with mo as with your own mother ! " ' Fogarty .looked at the lawyer doubt fully and sullenly, and with a treacherous expression in his eyes. As he had no money, lie "regard'ed a lawyer as his natural enemy; "I know all about -you," continued- Mr. Kildare, fixing his cat-like gaze full upon the fugitive, "I know that you are an escaped , coriviot; arid that the Dublinpolice, through some strange quarter, had got wind of your presence ,in the country. I know, too, that they are looking for yqu and a fellow-con vict of yours— a scheming, murderous fellow, with the manners of a gentle man. I know that' a heavy reward is: offered for this man's capture and' yours, and that more than one person is anxious' to handle "' tlie reward money ; The fugitive breathod. hard. A dangerous look appeared on his savage face. He worked his hands nervously. "You know too much!" he mut tered. , / .-; -- - The lawyer smiled. " Not so," he answered; "Hike a fellow of pluck. I, like' you, Tim Fogarty. Ypu have orily to say the word, and you and I can be. friends and on the best of terms. More than that : while I am protecting you, I can iput you in the way of making a bit of money— say twenty pounds or so." The fugitive, still incredulous, stared at the lawyer, and- with a igreedy look in his eyes. " Listen to that now, Tim," said Mrs. Fogarty. " His Honor will pro tect you and give you twenty pounds for doing a bit of work — good luck to him I You'll do as he says, Tim, dear 1" "Is it in earnest ho.-- is?" asked Fogarty, doubtfully. " Yes, I am in earnest," declared the. lawyer, with a sincerity the fugi tive 'could' no longer doubt. " I, have got a little irregular sort of business on hand, and I want somebody to help me in it.'' "Irregular, eh?" muttered Tim. "Well, I'm your man. I'm used to 'irregular' business, I am. Anything in tho way of a house-burning ? That's what I took my v'y'go for, you may remember. Or would you want some thing that another chap owns? I'm good at lagging — " " I'll tell you what I want,' but not just yet," said Mr. Kildare. " Just now you want food and drink', You look famished." " I ami very noar," asserted Fogarty. "I've had nothing to eat since noon." "Then the first thing to be done is to give . you some food," said the lawyer. " Mrs. Fogarty, the shutters are closed in the parlor, and Tim and I will go in there and wait, while you bring up sbme supper." . As , he spoke he opened the parlor door and passed into the room, taking tho candle with him. Tim Fogarty, .alias Murple, followed him. ' Mrs.- Fogarty, muttering to herself, descended .to .the basement in tho darkness, in search of another candle and food for her son. Loft to themselves the two., men, .whose stations in life so widely differed— the one being a lawyer of reputation, . honored, respected and esteemed ; the othor being a .runaway convict, arid, like Cain, " his- hand against every man, and every man's hand against him — sat down, facing, each other/ And presently, without Kildare's having revealed his plans, the two men had arrived at an understanding with each other, so far that Fogarty trusted tho lawyer and felt at ease in his presence, and Kildare came to the conclusion that by playing upon the fears and the .greed of the escaped convict he could , mould him to his will. . Mrs. Fogarty came up with another light, and a tray laden with cold meat, bread -and a bottle of ale, she having a weakness for Dublin porter and kin dred beverages. ' The fugitive took the tray on his knees arid fell to eating as if nearly starved. The lawyer watched : liim as he ate, and. studied liis' countenance.closely.- - t " He has more of the animal in him than of the intellectual, " thought Kil dare. " Odd- that ..there's . such a difference in families. There's Mrs. Lifiby, this fellow's aunt, who only needs fine clothes to blossorii out as- a lady. I could do worse -than marry her,' although I don't intend to do that. And here's Mrs. Fogarty, Mrs. Liffoy's sister, also a gentlewoman by birth, but of coarse nature and vulgar soul, ready to do anything bad for money. And here's Mrs. Fogarty's son, who ought to be a respectable tradesman, or even an architect, like Mr, .Lifl'ey, or a professional man and what is lie ? No street -gamin grown to manhood could have greater apti tude for crime than Tim Fogarty. And no street thief has a viler record than he. And, -perhaps, , so-far as' I am concerned, it is just- as well. If 'I were to marry Mi-s. Liffey, no one would ever need to' know that .this, wretch Fogarty is her -nephew. But ! ;do not intend to marry her, and shall get 'rid of her just' when she ceases to be useful. So with this fellow. Mean while he can; be: very useful to me." - None, of these dark reflections, how ever, appeared in the gentle, ' soft- featured face of the elderly lawyer. Instead, a benevolent smile glowed on his delicate visage, and he stroked Iris cliin leisurely with one small, white hand. When Fogarty had appeased his hunger arid cleared the tray, the lawyer said — " Now you may leave us, Mrs, Fogarty; Tim and I have business to talk over. You will have the rest of the night to talk with hiiri, you know." The widow assented, .and took, up the tray and the extra light and with drew. . When the sound of her foot steps had died, out of the hall, arid: Mrs. Fogarty had gone up to her own room, Mr. Kildare quietly looked the parlor door,- and drew his chair close to that .of tho fugitive. "Now let us understand each other, my friend," ho said. "I have, gob a big job on hand for you. You will have to work cautiously, and in dis guise. When you shall have finished the job, I shall require you to leave the country — -to emigrate, in fact." " On twenty pound ?" ' ; " No ; if the job is well done, you shall have enough to take you across the ocean, and set you up iri.some decent business, ' But it must be understood th'at you will go," ?- (to be continued.) ' 