MARTIN'S BY DAYID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Coat," "Aunt Rachel,3' "Rainbow Gold," &e.;, &e.;, &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER I. A pair of lovers were strolling along an English country lane, the sun had fallen half an hour before, but its beams were still re fleeted in the zenith, so that through the over arching boughs of lofty hedgerows, and the trees studded about them, there fell a radiance which, though soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for the man and maid to read each other's faces. The male, as was natural, took ardent advantage of his opportunity and walking with drooping head and side long face kept his eyes fixed upon the girl's half averted features. She, for her part, stole only an occasional glance at him, each time swiftly withdrawn. She was not pre-eminently pretty, except to_ a lover's eyes, but her face was full of a vivacious tenderness, and at every fugitive glance she gave him her companion's heart yearned over her. "You are quite sure you love me?" said the young man, putting the question for the twen tieth time that evening. The girl's sliy glance met his for a moment and drooped again. She gave him no further response but for a while at least he seemed satisfied, and they walked on slowly in the gathering dusk, until at a corner of the lane he put his arm about her waist and drawing her gently to him arrested her footsteps. She laid her head upon his breast with no pretence of coyness as he stood with his arms folded about her shoulders. They were as happy as love and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have a right to be. But whilst they stood thus in silence the noise of a figure crashing through the hedgerow startled them aparb, and an intruder landed in the roadway almost at the lovers' feet. Of the three the newcomer seemed themost disturbed. He peered through the gloom first at one and then at the other of the pair upon whose soli tude he_ had unwittingly broken, :and once or twice his lips moved as if he would willingly have framed some sort of apology, but never a word he spake. With each second that went by the silence bade fair to be more embarrassing, but the girl recovering her equanimity some what tardily broke the awkward spell. "Good evening, Mr. Hetheridge." The intruder made shift to pluck off his hat and to stammer a response, of which no word - was audible. With that he moved away leav ing the lovers alone in a considerable mo mentary embarrassment. They had scarce recovered themselves when the intruder was back again, and even in the deepening dust it was plainly to be seen that he had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside his confusion. He carried his shoulders in de cidedly truculent fashion and grasped his walking-stick by the middle with the air of a man who means business. "I don't want to interrupt you just now, Mr. Redwood," he began, and there paused to moisten his lips with his tongue. " But if its convenient to you I should like a word with you before the night's out." "Very good," returned the lover, catching a shade of the intruder's manner. "Name your time," said the intruder. " Will 10 o'clock suit you?" " Perfectly, I'll call on you at that time." With that he swung upon his heel and marched rapidly away, his footsteps sounding on :the sun-baked road whilst he walked a hundred yards or so and then falling suddenly into silence as he vaulted a stile and took his way through the deep grass of a hay meadow. " George," said the girl, laying an imploring hand on her companion's arm. "You won't quarrel, will you?" "My darling," George responded, passing an arm about her waist, " I've nothing to quarrel about so far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a quarrelsome turn of mind." "You have nothing to quarrel about," the girl answered, "but he has, or at least he thinks he has." "Oh," George answered laughing, "that's an old story, and I should think by this time he s had the sense to forget all about it. We fought about it in our school days, but we're grown men now. the pair of us, and it would be a pity if a pair of sensible people should fall to loggerheads over a dead and buried old varn like that." _ "It isn't dead and buried for John Hethe ridge," the girl responded. " He believes it to this day; he was speaking to Sir Eustace about it only this morning. He was speaking angrily and noisily as he does sometimes, and the gardener overheard them. Aunt Mary told me at teatime this evening. She was afraid that there would always be black blood'between them." ''Wei!, my dear," the young man answered easily. " it takes two to make a quarrel. My father useu to say that anger was as catching as the measles,_ but I've never found it so. If flack Hetheridge likes to be a fool he must take 1 his way singly. I promise yon he shan't tempt iiie to keep him company." J. ney began to walk oil slowly once more the young man fondling his companion's ungloved hand and now and then stooping to kiss it. It was almost dark by this time and each saw tlia other's face only as a pals featureless blot on the background of the gloom. The girl paused suddenly in her walk and tin-owing both arms about her lover clung to him tightly, and lie raising his hand to her face found it was wet with tears. "Why, Elliee darling," ho demanded tenderly. " what's the matter? You don't use being like this. There's no danger in tiie world. I'm not afraid of Jack Hetheridge of all men in the world and you shan't be if I can help it. Now don't worry, my darling, dry your eyes and think 110 more about it." '' There's something else, George," the girl whispered. still clinging to him. f At this ii corge started with a sudden diviaa tion. _"Gh, that's it, is it?" he asked with 0, cer tain dry lit is ;n li is tone, ''lie's had tiie cheek to Isavo it out at last, hns heV" "\ou Irsiow.voout it'r'/Eilief- asked hiniina j Wuisper which barely reached his ears. I "Why, my dear," George answered, "ib stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl as much as I do you d Ho paused there to emphasise his speech by a hug and a lciss. "When a man loves a girl as much as I do you it makes him pretty keen to see when anybody else is hanging about after her. I could always be sure that you never liked the fellow and that if I went single it wouldn't be for bis sake. When did you send him about his business, darling?" "Be spoke to me yesterday," she answered, in a shame-stricken whisper as if she had been confessing a guilty secret. "So late as that," said George. "I can understaud his being a bit rusty lighting on us in that sudden way a while ago; if I'd como on him in the same way I should have been like enough to break his head for him. But then of course it would have been different, for I should have known the beggar wasivt there by your good will. But don't let's think of him any more, my dear; he shall have his talk to night, and I'll tell you all about it in the morn ing. In the meantime there are lots of pleasanter things 111 the world than Jaclc Hetheridge for you and me to think about, and here's one of them. When's the day to be, my darling? When are you going to make me the happiest man in Worcestershire V" She put these queries by, and he grew tenderly remonstrant and oven a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. He grew more ardent still and frightened her delicicusly with his kisses, pro testations, and embraces, until at last she gave him an answer. They would be married that day three months, and on that delightful understanding he conducted her to her own garden gate, bade her a lover-like good night there, and swung off homeward to meet the in truder of an hour and a half before. His mother, a quiet, grey-haired old woman, sat knitting in the parlor by the light of a pair of tall candles. "I've done it at last, mother," he said, as he stooped to kiss her. "What has't done, lad?" the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. "I doubt," the young fellow answered laughingly, "that you'll want a bit of practice, but you'll have to stand up for one dance at least this day three months." "Oh, oli!" said the old lady. "You've spoke to Ellice?" "Yes, mother," the young man responded, " I've spoken to Ellice. "and. we're to be married this day three months." The mother rose and kissed him and cried over him a little, as tender mothers will some times in such a case. '1 Who'd ha' thought of little Ellie Green away and you a growin' up to be man and wife together? Well, well, she's a pretty gell, George, and a good gell, and I think she'll make you happy. And if you're as good a husband as you've been a son to me she's got a prize in ten thousand. You've got your mother's blessing George, my lad. This affectionate colloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door. "There's Jaclc Hetheridge," said George, " I met him in Barstoe-lane a while ago, and he said he wanted a word with me. He's come for it now. I guess." " It's private business, George ?" his mother asked. "Yes," said George. "I suppose it's private business. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry for it, too. What are the maids about?" The knocking at the front dcor was renewed more loudly than before, and George himself answered the summons. "There's nobody hard of hearing in this house, Jack," he said, as he opened the door. " Come in. We'll have our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there." He led the way through the pitch dark hall with the assured foot of custom. The visitor followed him gropingly for a yard or two, and then coming into collision with some unseen piece of furniture cursed quietly to himself and waited. By-and-bye George appeared in a door way with a candle and beckoned to the self invited guest. "Now, Jack," he asked, when they were seated together, with the light between them, " what's the word about ?" They were a strongly and even strangely as sorted pair to look ,_at. There was scarcely a difference of a month in their ages, but Hetheridge might easily have been ^taken for George's senior by half a score of years. His features were thin and puckered, his forehead was prematurely bald,_ his thin lips ruled a hard, straight line,_ which dipped suddenly at the corners, and his pale grey eyes were rest less and angry looking as they wandered hither and thither in their shiftiness, as if their owner were seeking something to revenge a spite upon. His hair, his eyebrows, and his little bits of side whiskers were all of the same no-color, but unusually crisp and wiry. A mere rime of closely-shaven beard sparlded in the candlelight upon his cheeks and chin. He had a nervous knack of lengthening the jaw and scraping with thumb and finger over this close-trimmed stubble in such a way as to elicit a faintly audible sound. In stature he was slight, bu.t inclined to be tall. The man who faced him, waiting for the opening of the conversation, was a well-built deep-chested fellow, with a fresh, unwrinkled face, a kindly aspect, and large, blueish grey eyes that looked as open and honest as the day. ^ "Now, Jack," lie asked a second time, as Hetheridge sat scraping furtively at his lean jaw and sending his vexed glance everywhere but in the direction of his companion-"Now, Jack, what is it?" Hetheridge seemed at first in 110 hurry to answer, but suddenly he banged the walking stick he carried on the unclothed table and leaning forward looked his rival for the first time in the face. "You're in my way, George Redwood," he began, with a directness for which an observer would have been unlikely to give him credit. "Oh," said George, .with a tranquil lifting of the eyebrows, "perhaps you'll tell me how?" " Your father was in my father's way," said Hetheridge, dropping his glance and clutching his stout walking-stick in both hands as though he strove to break ib. "Your father was in my father's way, and you're in mine." "Now, look here, Jack," returned Redwood, " I'm sick of that ridiculous old story. If you've come here to talk about that you might as well save your breath to cool your porridge." " Your father," said Hetheridge, "robbed my father of 2D0 acres lyingbetween the brook and Bristol-lane. The world knows that. You know it as well as I do." "Yes," George answered, "just as well as you do. It's jja foolish lie, and there's an end of it. Your father wasn't a careful man: mine w as. One wasted money and the other made it. Your father drank and racketed his lands away, and my father bought 'em with honest money made in honest business. Go where you like, ask anybody who knows the story, and they'll tell you the same thing." "Your father robbed my father," persisted Hetheridge sullenly. "I shouldn't be aggrieved," Redwood an swered with a cool contempt, "at anything you might say, even if I supposed that you believed it. Nobody but a born fool could be lieve that yarn of yours in face of the evidence, and you're not a born fool, Jack Hetheridge." "Your father robbed my father," Hethe ridge said again, " and you've robbed me." "Is that so?5 Redwood asked in the same tone of cool contempt, "now will you be so good as to tell me how ?" " You know how well enough," Hetheridge returned. He set his stick across his knee and tugged at with all his force. "Well, no," drawled George with an irri tating unconcern. "I cannot precisely say I do. Perhaps you'll be good enough to explain the matter." "Who " began Hetheridge. He stopped, choking at the word. "Well," demanded Redwood. "Who Who-what ?" " Who came in between me and Ellice Green away ?" Hetheridge flashed at him, lifting his wrathful eyes suddenly and glaring at George across the table. "I can answer that question in a minute," George responded, "it was I and lUiss Greenaway that came in between you and Miss Greenaway. If you'd been another man and she'd been another woman you might have hit it off to perfection." Hetheridge's face was pale and his voice shook a.little as he spoke. "You came between us, George Redwood. I've cared for her ever since I was a lad. I've cared about her and I've let her see it." He spoke as if he had to lay a desperate compul sion 011 himself to speak at all, and what with the reality of his rage and the tenseness of the hold with which he clutched the walking stick across his knee his whole figure vibrated. "I've been her follower and -her servant these 15 years, since she was a little thing run ning about in short frocks, and up till now I never east a thought on any other girl and never shall. I've always meant to marry her and I mean to marry her, and as sure as God's alive, George, the man that crosses me has got to fight ice for her." The man spoke with an anguish so easily to be seen that the successful rival felt a touch of pity. "J.cok lure, Jack," he said, "what's the use of talking. Suppose we two should fight suppose you make an end of me, do you think you'd be any nearer marrying Ellice for that? i r'-ver heard it was the way to a girl's heart to kill the man she honored with her liking." " You came in between us," Hetheridge said again in a'dull, tired way this time, "and you'll have lo suitor for it. If I can't marry her no body dse fcball." "Sian alive,'' cried the other, with a half contcmptuous, naif-angered laugh, "manalive, you're mad : you got your answer yesterday." "She told you that, did she?"' cried Ileths ridgc wrathfully. s-aici Gocrpc*, "slid told me. She had a vigi'!-, to tell me. Yve shall be married, please O.d. ihi? day thrf-e months." f "You think so," IleUitrid^'- answered. "We "Of course we shall," George answered dryly. "And now, Jack, if you've no more good ec-n.so to lavish oil me I'll say 'Good night.' I should suppose that you'd be very satisfying even to a craving stomach, and I've had no appetite for you at any time. Take the dish away, John." With this touch of rustic irony Redwood rose, opened the door, and indicated the way to his rival by a careless wave of the hand. "Forewarned'*; forearmed, they say," sni Hetheridge. "Never say I didn't caution 5 on* "Here, Jack, my lad," said Redwood, slam ming the door and setting his broad back against it. " What's all this point to What are you going to do?" "I'll tell you what I'm not- going to do," saidjjHetheridge, sitting motionless in his chair. " I'm not going to stand by whilst any man steps in between me and Ellice Greenawajv Take warning, George." "What do you mean to do ?" George asked him. " Do you think I'm a baby to be frightened by the first ugly chap that oomes along and pulls faces at me? Come now, what do you intan "t" "Mean?" cried Hetheridge, suddenly rising to his feet and confronting his adversary, "I'll have the life of any man that marries Ellice. Nowyon've got it straight." r.V. "Yes," said Redwood, with an air of weary resignation, "we've got it straight at last, and now get out of my house." Hetheridge obeyed the cool gesture of dis missal, but turned in the doorway for a final word. "Don't forget, George. Think of what I've told you." "I shan't burden my mind with any such sickly nonsense," Redwood answered, and so saying he took the candle from the table and conducted his rival to the door. 