j OH&FTEB; XIV. Peter -Dusk, the detective, sat in his room overlooking the Grand Cann!, and smoked until ho had enveloped, himself as in a thick mist." ' It was his invariable practice to smoke furiously while working out any mental problem. It must have boen a knotty point at issue, for though it was early morning, he had consumed several manillas over thc subject,''nnd that subject was none other than the escapo of a madman from the asylum of a private madhouse in the city. By that queer method known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetra tors through their manifold labyrinths. Peter Dusk had found his man, only to loso him tho next day. lt seemed strange indeed that Fern brook, Mauprat, or whatever name the master of the Barrier Bock was known by, should be discovered in a mad-house in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no explanation as to how he had discovered tho clue that led his steps to tho asylum. ' It was sufficient for him that one of the lunatics ' therein was the person ho had traokod half round the known globe. There was no mistaking the original to the photograph, which had" guided the officer nil through his long patient search; tho simplest noodle would have recog nized the likeness in an iustaut. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, ' pleaded hard with his country man to set him freo, but the detec tive only shook his head in affected pity. Once without the walls of the mad house, DuBk hugged himself in momen tary triumph. At Inst ho had run his man to earth-had him safe under lock and key. To-morrow his employers should see Fernbrook f jr them selves. They wont on tho morrow-Wanto, Lyndhurst, and the smiling terrible limb of tho law. But he they went to seo had gone-CEC.iped, and left not tho ghost of a clue behind him. The soeptical novelist laughed at the whole affair. "I'm afraid you'vo boon working, too hard in this case," my friend," he said in a kind way to tho crest fallen runner from Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admiro the tact and skill displayed in your trac ing tho doings of Fernbrook and his friends, but when you affirm'that ho is here, in a lunatic asylum in Vonico, I bos to differ with you. Except Hilton Fern brook has the powor of Asmodous at his back, andean transfer himself from ono hemisphere to another with tho speed of thought, I cannot seo how it is possible he Can be in this city. Bosidos did not the Master of Dol Maddilino say this self same person had boen con-fined there for over throe years? How can yon reconcile that statement with your theory that tho poor wretch was tho Master of Fern brook ?" .,. "Poter.TJusk disdained to argue, hufhö' ransacked the old "Venetian city from St. Mark to El Pordo for the oscapoa. It was of no avail, howovor ; there waa no more elua to bo had of him than if the earth liad gaped and swallowod him up. When all tho questioning and search ing was ended, Peter Dusk had gono over to Dal Grade lor further orders, but Warne and his companion had departed for London.' So tho detective smoked and reflected, and tho moro ho smoked and cogitated tho more puzzlod hu became over tho whole affair. "That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right a'ter all," he muttered, npostrophiB ing-tho. table. " I don't see how a man can possibly ba.in two places at the same time. They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still hi'New Zealand-was at the opera a mattor of only six wooka ago. How then can tho man whom I saw in tho madhouse bo he? Yot, if this is a strik ing likeness of the 111,111 I was sent after, [ I'll swear the escaped lunatic is either tho' devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph! lot mo think !" 1' Thoro wo9 no ono to bindar him think ing out tho question in all its subtlo bearings, and lt to?k him soma timo oro ho was weary of it. Tho little marble clock over tho mantle pieoo chiming noon uroiuod him. " Ah, well, I can't soe my way now," ho resumed, in that quaint fashion of talking to himself. " I'll not give in though, not I. If that miidniuu bo alive and above ground, I'll (ind him-though I don't behove ho's a bit mid. A crassy fellow would not have nctod or spoken IIB he did. It's no ino staying hero. Tho f How's an Englishman and he'll make for London. All sorts and conditions of mon hide themselves etthor thero or in Paris. If ho goes to one or tho other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pick up und bo off and try London (irst." It does not tako him lung to put his decision into execution. A steamar ia found roady for sailing, j and" Peter Dasie takes. a pasíiigo in her. It ia a cold, windy evening that linds him on tho slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wending his way .to the oiliue of the Miñones, tho dotectivo goos straight to his lodgings in Ludgate, and comos forth again within tho hour quito transformed in outward appearance. Calling a cab he drives towards Templo Bar. "If this man's in Loudon, ho'll havo a peep at tho thoatre," ho says to himsulf. "Rogues or lunática, it's all tho samo. Aa soon us they're let out of tho cago, they are drawn to tho playhouse as if by magic. I'll begin with tho thoatros." Dismissing the trnp, ho walks down to the Adelphi, and paying his shilling as cends to ' tho gallery, whero ho can seo almost every person in tho house. A few minutos suflioe to convinco him that tho escaped madman is not amongst tho audionoo hore. From tho Adelphi Petor Dusk goes to Drury Lino. , . . Instead ot mou:i i.ig: tho gallery ho takeB a seat in tho dross cirolo, and looks round at tho- vast sea of bonds and faces crowding the pince. Away out yondol near the stage, in the pit, the deteciive suddenly sees the mun lie is looking for. There is rio mistaking that proud, dark Spanish-like face, with the short cropped black hair and moustache. Tho inan is leaning indolently against tho stage-box, (yet deeply intent upon the performance), and is dressed in a suit of sober tweed. Before the scene H concluded Petor Dusk has taken a seat beside the man in the pit, and has satisfied himself beyond the smnllest shadow of a doubt that he ia the escaped lunatic from "Dol Madi lino." . "Fine play, my friend." The man turns and looks the Scotland Yard runner full in the face. "It is a grand performance," he re spond* slowly, and in a rich manly voice, that had a torio of melancholy in it, "But it is badly mounted.. Tn Franoo they attend to those things more so than in England." . " You aro not a Frenchman, sir ?''. "No," roplied ' the strangor, smiling. " Nor yet an Englishman ;!I may say that l am a cosmopolitan,' having .' travelled some,' as they say in America." \- "Are you an American ?" . " You aro curious, my friend," said the other, good-humouredly. "lu Franco, and even in the United States, they have a rule in society called etiquette, which means that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you that .1 have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopo litan." "Beg pardon," said the detective, hastily. " It struck me I had seen you before somewhere." " You wera a stricken deer, my friend, for thinking so," responded the other. "Wo cannot possibly have mot be fore." " I think wo hava," cried tho detec tive. There was a swift flash in the black eyes, as-they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the faoo of tho speaker. "Indeed, sir! Whore?" ho asked, quickly. " Havo you courago to accompany mo to tho vostibulo, and I will tell you there !" " Why not toll mo hore. ?" replied tho other with some diRdain. ". ' " I hnvo a reason, .which I will ¡¡ivo you also, if you will adjourn with me." "Pray, lead tho way ; I am at your service." Not anothor word wns &pokon; until tho pair roached a small room, adjoining tho saloon bar. "Now, sir," said tho strangor, "seating himself. " Tull mo where you and I havo mot before." # "At the Del Madilino, in tho city of Venice," cried Dusk. . If a< pistol bullet had gone through tho body of the man, then and, there, ho could riotniavo~"cvînoed~gréntôr surprise,?-. -Ho stared nt tho'detective in'blank amaze ment for fully a minute. " |' "Pray, who aro you?" ho Baid, at length.- , }. " I may answer after your fashion, and roply, I'm a cosmopolitan." "You saw mo in "a mad-house in Venice ?" askod the other in a vnoant way. .! " Yes 1 tho Del Madilino. a privato asylum, governed by ono Dr. Dotti Nico Hnb." The other replied not, but gripped tho back of his chair with, .a convulsivo Clutch, ..;?,.'. :. " It is not many days sinoo I was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's establishment. I saw you there." " I remember you now," responded tho other, after a pause, in which ho hud rocovered from his surprise. " You have disguised yourself, but I recognize your voico.". "I'm glad of that," said tho detective coolly. " Now tell mo how you escaped from Del Madilino?" Tho man laughed. "Still inquisitivo," ho said, with mild irony in his tone. "Aro you interested my frlond ?" "Perhaps." " Well tho story is too long, and I'm not in tho humor to talk.much." "How if I land you in gaol, and Bend you baolc to Vonico V" inquired Dusk. " My good sir, you aro evidently in a fog respecting tho law of England con cerning lunatics, nnsworod tho strangor with a smile. " First, you will havo to prove that lam insane second, that I ?escaped from a mad-house." "Did you not escapo?"' ,...¡, " That is anothori question,'. my. friend." ' _ . Peter Dusk reflected a moment. He felt that he had no lunatic to deal with in the parson of this strangor: . ? " What if I send for Dr. N/icolini, and prove your idontity ?" said the detec tive. " Tho mad dootor cannot provo my identity. Besides ho dare not set foot in London." " Daro not !" I repeat-dare not." " Why, pray ?" inquired DuBk. "My friend, questions seem to be your forte, hut I am not inclined to nnswor them. If you have any business with me, pray como to it at once, for I wish to see tho play out." "Do not bo in a hurry/' said Dusk, placing his back to tho door.. "Do you know who I am?" " No, nor do I care." "I am Petor Dusk, from Scotland Yard." " Indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what is that to me ?" "- ' " Do you know this photograph?" re plied the other, handing him a tarto-de visite. The stranger took it, and held it to tho light. As ho looked at tho picture, there carno into his eyes a strange expression impossible to doBoribo. Poter Dusk watohod his faoo os a tiger doon its prey.-To BE OoimNUED,F l) il 