The Northern Districts or New | South Wales. PtD you ever run memory back a few years to see if your district is going ahead I Look at Ballina, the picturesque town at Richmond Heads. Do you know bow she looked eight years ago? The carpenters and builders have teen at work there, and, in the last six years have almost choked out .the little township with the large one. ' My word, how Ballina has grown !' says the re turning prodigal. YeB, the rateable pro perty of the little paddock is now about L150.000, and the rateable value over 1/0,000, and about 700 telegraphic messages flash over the wires from them yearly. But the same is true up the river. They haven't exactly painted the town of Woudburn red, but they've freshened it up. I fancy I see the old traveller smiling and saying to him self, 'Woodburn a township I' Yes; the old rookeries are going, and 6ne business houses are going up, aud it's growing on both sides of the river. One cannot fully appreciate the growth of these districts until tlie bounding townships along the riven wake his sluggish senses and fairly take his breath away. The in creased steamboat service shows what is going on also ; two boats daily from Wood burn to moat anywhere, and at reasonable prices, while an improved line of penny punts cross the river, thns keeping one from ivearyin'g and wasting time, is the way the new order of things reads. They run a sort 'f circular ferry at Coraki where tho two arms of the river divide and begin their long winding readies. The north arm eoes hy Lismore, while the south ami winds its watery embrace about Casino. Coraki is about 40 miles from the Heads, and almost in the centre of the Richmond River district. All goods by steamer for Casino are landed here and forwarded on by drogher, or slow steam-tug for freight trans port. There is also a coach from Coraki to CaBino. Here is the large nawmil) of Mr. W. Yabsley, Mayor of the municipality. I mention th'S because Mr. Yabsley has, 1 think, next Mr, yeager, the largest and most complete sawmill on thiB river and its arms. Mr. John White also has his soap works at Coraki. These, with the big Btores of Mr. C. J. M'Rac, A. Jeffries, and others, and the appearence of a new hotel on the icoue, and a large one, too, tell the absent dweller of the Richmond that people are not leaving, but coming ; that houses are not decaving and falling down for wnut --f occupants, bnt small oncB are being hauled down and larger ones going up, while the paint-brush has been pulled across the face of the old structures to make them look nbreaBt of the times. This all shows pro gress. I am aware that the old crawling, loafing storekeeper is still loafing and grumbling because younger and livelier icen arc making the pace warm for him ; hut, growth means young, new life, and that always goes ahead. Taking the advice of mine host, Pat Quain, of the hotel, to go via Casino to Lismorc, I mounted the coach at night, and was booh in the wake of a six-mile series of laid cattle, and the perfumed breezes from them crossing or lining the road. Along thiB line the people have varied the mono tony of maize and sugar-farming with the dairy. This is uut the richest land from a cane standpoint, but for cereals, grasses, and daily puvptises it is excellent. By the time you have driven over a few heads of cows sleeping in the road at night, your thoughts are a bit of upset mid disjointed, hence I bave pa&sed; the eow and her pro duct lightly. When, however, I look around in vacant space aud caut't light on a single butter or cheese factory, I feel that some one is doing this fine district a wrong. You are reminded of the fact a second time, when you face the butter at your hotel table; If I were a Casino ghost, I'd haunt some of those people until a butter factory shot its head up somewhere among those tirel«6s jguni fiecueB about there. I Eiippose the Casino people are so busy recasting their statlBtics nnd business, to keep i'.p with the growth of their nervous, expanding city, that they are afraid to stop thinking about it for a minute for fear of losing grouud. Sitting on the broad verandah of Parker's large hotel— an hotel that would dp credit toS}-dney — 1 tried to remember the shanties that nestled about on this street some few years ago. In fact, 1 tried to seo enough of the old Casino to convince me that the new one was a legitimate growth and not h sudden revelation. I couldn't make much headway.' After doing a constitutional mound my hotel I went down for a stroll through Gulley's big store, and nearly got lost. I had to aln»»t call for a map to get straight out of late M.L.A. Crouch's ' Trade Palace,' too. Then I turned lip in the back yard. Mr. Crouch is mayor, and is justly proud of the large and spacious Town Hall of the municipality. The School of Arts here is, with the exception of Graft™, . the largest and the most complete oil the four rivers. They have, in Casino, almost every facility for doing anything except llour-milliiig, sugar-milling, maizuiia-niilliug or butter-making. They've tackled every thing nearly hut the natural and home grown products. They make boots, and buggies, and ploughs, andother instruments, &c.;, hut are deficient where the best profits lie. A large trade ib done through this portal, with the large and well to do number of people about. 1 am told that times are lmd, but I, .find that those who have not started business with a suit of mortgages and otlfer handicaps have always done well, and are prosperous now. It is the merchant who 'carries' people, and the men thus carried that suffers, and justly tot. Said a prominent gentleman to me, ' I came here n stranger with less than £100, and could have got over £500 credit. A man, getting n salary of £350 a year, goes at the rate uf £000. That is not right, and some one must make up to the storekeeper for it.' tin they must, and it falls on the houust farmer and tradesman^ Hr-i-o's, tlm way about half tlie lL8)-nc e selectors started, as given by one who knowa :— ' A mancouies here nnd takes up Ilia full complement of 1280 acres with £50. He borrows the money for the balance, as needed, aud works right into the banks or storekeeper. He's only an honeBt but unconscious dummy. He must go under, I've got my eye on one or two places. I'll get one of them, and Vll.get it cheaper than 1 could trom the Government.' Well, this Iisb been going on for 10 or 12 years. -The district i'b now eating back through this dead -horse U-. life agniu, and now Casino is locking up. ? It ib a bright town, and is a good barometer to the fertile plain about it. ' Victoria Munro's lastoSicial nct,asPreniior was a success. He has disposed of, u- the Associated Banks, that £2,000,000 of Trea sury Bills at 41 per cent., price pur. Sir George (Irey leaves New Zealand for' England; via Australia, next month: Mr. J: Creer, late member for JJorthmii burland, appointed manager of the Sydney Labour Bureau. 