THK' SPECTRE CAPTAIN. Queer Acts of a Ghost Which Haunto a Sto'am:ir in Brooklyn Basin, 'I'll never go out ncor tbo o:d 'Tabor j again,1 ' mid a well-known boatman of East 0.iUlnndono Sunday no ho looked towards tho biftjk hulk ot tho utoamohip William Tnbor, wbioh lien near tho Oakland c.ituary. ' Way not ?' Why, baoauao oho ia bauntod, Last i night t was out willi a party, and f ran mybontin under tho stem of the old ship. As wo oimo around on tho starboard oido nf iuu venooi oomo ono naiioeu, ' nno oomoo thero? Backwater quid; or I will shoot.' I looked up, but saw no one. Withmo wero two ladiou and gentlomon, gucsto from Tubbo' Hotel. Thoy hoard tho voice, but, liko myself, woro unable to ceo any one. ' Tho ludieo . woro bndly frightoncd, and begged mo to pull away. I wao about to do so, whon tho watchman on tho ship looked over tho gangway and wanted to know what wao up. ''In it you pcoplo that io making that 1 noiso down thero?' queried tho old follow. 'If it in, you had better otccr way, because I have beard noiceo enough on thio ship to night without you pcoplo coming along and making any more.' ' a wiiiTr: noiiED riaunn. Continuing hio otory, tho boatman said1 ' I pulled away to tho nhoro, and aa wi cleared the nhip I caw a white robed figurp on tho bridge. It wao that of an eldcrl) man. Ho had a flowing whito board, and wao direotiug tho hclmomnn by hand signals. ' I caw ao plain as could bo tbo oprectre mo tioning to otarboard, port, otoady, etc., and occasionally ho would put down his hand as if to null tho Blow down or book boll in tho engine room. No boll responded, but tho figuro on tbo bridge wont through all tho motionn. Aft at tho gangway stood the watchman, and in tho nhtec of tbo moon light I saw tho watchman of tbo otcamer. His face wao blanohcd and ho cnllcd uo bach, The ladies in tbo boat were tcrror-strioken and insisted upon my rowing to tho shore, I had no altornativo but to comply. By tho time I landed them the tido was flooding, and, although I wanted to go out to tho veneel, I oonoludcd to wait until morning rather than row against tho tide. ' This in nubstanoo wao tbo otory told by Old Bob, thu well-known boatman in the Brooklyn Basin. Tho man ia noted for hia sobrioty, and hia ntory to tho cfieot that thcro io a opootro captain on tho old Taber is aonllrmod by a number of canociBta who row on that portion of tbo bay known aa Brooklyn catuary. They all olaim to have soon tho 'old man on tho bridge,' and are poBitivo that it in not tho watchman of the ship. Tbo old steamer ia full of legend, and to enumerate thom all would bo almost impos Bible. THE vessel's hibtohy. Something liko 10 yearn ago the steamship William Taber wao drawn up through the drawbridgoof Oakland Creek, Tho veBsel is ono of tho old timo otoamohipj. Sho is a sido-whcol otoamer, and whon first put in tbo coast trado ran in opposition to the Goodall-Perkinn steamers. In thin mission oho proved a formidable rival, inaBmuoh as obe oarriod pansongoro and freight at such a reduction aa to appal tho ownera of the regu lar stoamern. Tho consequence was that tho oldTabergot all tbo business, and passengers going to coast porta laid over in order to ride on tho voscel. Tho regular atcamora oharged 20 dollars to Viotoria and Seattle, whilo tho opposition oarried passengers to tho oame ports for fivo dollars ntecrago and 10 dollarn cabin. The result waB that tho rival companies made a pool, and oontraatod to pay the owners 5000 dollars a month to tie the ship up. Tho contraot was to run 16 yearn, and sinco then tho old vesoel has boen tied up. Tho copper on her bull is moulded and green. The woodwork of the bulwarkB is decaying, but the ongines and firo boxes aro in perfeot trim, and the old ship oan bo fired np on a fow hours noticc, and put into service. At thosamo timo tho pooplo of Eant Oakland think tho William Taber is haunted, and if sho over goes to aea again they will not ride I on her. 