TIIK M A ItltlAUB PROBLEM. Tin: annual boiling-upof letters on marriage, its blessings and troubles, has taken place in London daily and weekly journals. Tlie sub ject is of everlasting interest, and we reproduce some of the comments which the discussion bnR nailed forth. One of the sonsiblest papers bas appeared in All the Year Humid, the writer being, we should think, a woman :—r ' People seem surprised that so many mar riages should turn out failures. I do not know why they should be. How many friendships are enduring ? Not a large percentage. Why ? Because tbe qualities which go to make a good friend arc rare. You find him out, or lie finds yououL. And so husbands and wives find each other out. And small wonder. Everybody wants to marty ; certainly the large majority want to marry. I change ' everybody' to the ' large majority,' because, no doubt, as you will ucuceive when you reflect, there arc people who do not want to marry. And I believe, more over, that, not seldom, these are the very people who marry first. ' Probably, if it were possible to publish an accurate statistical account of howevcry marriage came about which has taken place in England within tbe last five-and-twenty years, the world would be amazed. It is my own persuasion that scarccly any person can give a logics! reason why be or she was married. Circulate a census paper among tho married folks of Eng land asking why they married each other, at least 90 per cent will reply that they have not tho faintest notion. It is no answer for Mrs. Plumper to say that she married Mr. Plumper because she liked him. ' Good graoious, Mrs. l'lumper, what made you like a man like Plumper ?' ' Well — I don't know — I suppose be cause he liked me.' ' My dear fellow, I've asked myself the question a hundred times. I've not the ghost of an idea.' ' A roan nas 'sat by a woman's side in an omnibus, spoken to her for the first time in his life in handing her fare to the conductor, married her within the week, and lived happily with her ever afterwards. There is a story told by a man wbo went to a big tradesman. 4 You supply your customers with everything ; do you supply them with wives 7' The troden man thought that be might be able to supply a fair class of goods even in that line. He in troduced a young lady who was sorving babind tho counter. The customer started oR then and there to prooure a special lioense, married tbe girl in the morning, and never regretted it to the day lie died. There is no prima facie reajson why suoh a story should ty) false. You say it is a mistake for a man to bave known his wife too long before he married her 7 My dear sir, I know a case of two cousins who were born in the same house, within a week of eaoh other, wbo have lived in the same house ever sinoe, I and who have beon married now more than | twelve years, and a happier marriago never was. The thing is a mystery. j ' Some tell you tbat happiness in marriago is an aftair of physical constitution, of like mating like. Tbis is by no moanB certain. I : am acquainted with a somewhat notorious case ' of a woman, who, as a girl, was very pretty, \- and who is still very far from ugly. She married a man who was one of a family of | paralytics— to the ordinary beholder a dreadful . amily. Be was partially paralysed at tbe time ?the mnmed hint— married him, it may easily be credited, against the wishes of all her rela tives and friends. He has done nothing for himself unassisted, from tli&t; hour to this. For some time ho has lost tho entire uso of his limbs. Yet she continues to worship him with what, to onlookers is a wholly inoomprohon sible devotion. Until reoentiy I used to see her every day. She looked the picture of hap pineBB, of perfect content with the goods the gods have given her. I know another ease of a man who has whoelcd his wife in front of him for, I understand, over two and twenty years. She is afHictcd with aome terrible disease. lie is now an officer on half . pay — he has only bis half- pay to live upon— and to sec how he watches the very shadows as they chasc each other across his wife's face is enough to bring the tears into your eyes. No, b»ppines» in marriage is not necessarily an affair of physical constitution. ' Others tell you that children bring married happiness. Always? Can tbe ladies and gentlemen who tigurc in the Divorco Court never show any fruit of their unions ? You must have a limited acquaintance if you do not know a Darby and Joan whs never had a baby of the own. But, you sny, there are moot bapjjy marriages with children than without. Possibly. Because, in the large majority of cases, marriage and children go together. It you mean relatively mora, I doubt it. I doubt if children have much to do with it either one way or the other. It is absurd to say that hap piness in luarriage depends on similarity or dis similarity of mental temperament. Wise men marry fools and never regret it ; and wi«e men marry tools and never cease regretting it. We are constnntly being told, by n certain clasp of people in a certain class of literature, that hnp piness in marriage depends upon moral qualities, that a good woman should marry a good man, that that is the secret. This may be beautiful in theory, and one may feel that one would like. ib , uuv, uiuuixunaieiy, ii is contrary to the teachings of experience,' ' Most people who speak glibly ot love speak of it without having _ a rudimentary notion of what love is. It is to them an unknown quantity. Very much an unknown quantity if they would only, just once in a wbj-, pause to think of it. The feeling generally spoken of as love is, in a hundred and one cases out of cverv hundred — like one's appetite— evanescent. The kind of love, especially, which is frequently raved of by the poets is not only of its very nature evanescent, but, like the trail of the serpent, it leaves the very worst effeots behind. Some of these gentlemen might as reasonably urge their admirers to take the one end and aim of their being a desire to ? quaff ' a hogshead of neat brandy at a sitting. Their raptures sug gest one form of deierium tremens; the hogs head of brandy would merely suggest another form. Those who begin with an ecstacy of pas sion in one sense will inevitably tend with an ecstacy of passion in another sense. At the best the result will be a polite equivalent of black eyes. Men and women are unable, by reason of tbeir constitution, to keep up an un natural tension in any one direction for any length of time. The tension is apt to become equally unnatural in a diametrically opposite diri-ction. Tlie pendulum swings. Tom loves lane madly when he marries her ; six months afterwards he enjoys as little of her society as he conveniently can. Madness has its contrasting phrases. ' Ivore, in any decent sense, requires self sacriticc. How many persons are there capable of genuine self-sacrifice— of even momentary self-sacrifice? Of tbe self-sacrifice which, unmurmuring, endures to the grave — how many persons have you met capable of that ? And though Tom may be capable of self-sacrifico for Jane, it by no means therefore follows that Jane is capable of self- sacrifice for Tom. How many a Jane is there who is sacrificing her all tor Tom, while Tom, at tbe brat, merely ap proves of her sacrifice? Many a woman has married a man really loving him ; she lias sacrificed all that she could for him, she has devoted her life to making his life happy. Gradually it dawns upon her that, from tbe first, he has really only been permitting this, that all the time his heart has been with other gods. ' We may remark to the sentimentalists who inform us that it is love which seasons marriage, that the number of happy marriages into which love lias never entered for a moment from first to last aie as the sands of tbe sea tor multitude. There is happiness and happiness. There is the happiness of the man who asks nothing better than to have a pair of slippers on his feet a pipe in his mouth, and a paper in his hand ; and there fc the happiness of the man whose visions soar to heights of empyrean. There is the man who, so long as he can live a hum drum kind of existence, unaffected by any violent earthquake shocks from without, is as happy as tho day is long. It a. man of this kind marries a woman of his own kind, his cup of happiness is full, and (one may add) so is hers. People of this sort abound. They form the bulk of the English middle classes. They are the backbone of the country — typical English folk. Talk to them of love! Stuff and nonsense ! ' Tlim- nnvpr indultre in such follv. ' Did we. Mary ?' ' No, John, that we did not.1 They read the reports of the breach of promise cases witb contemptuous amazement. They never wrote each other ' spooney* letters. Tiiey never exchanged 'spooney' words. Thankgood ness. no. Five minutes after marriage, and fifty years after marriage tlicy address each other witb exactly the same common-sense stolidity. They are attached to their house, they are attached to their furniture— especially arc they attached to their easy chairs— and they are attached to each other- Indeed, they almost regard each otber as easy chairs. Each is a necessary adjunct to each other's comfort ; if John dies, it is quite possible tbat Mary will marry again — the chair, having worn, out, needs replacing. If Mary dies, it is just pos sible that John will marry two other wives in quick succession, and he will be happy with all three of them alike. Tbe sentimentalists who maintain that no marriage can be happy where no love is must either have a limited acquaint ance of their follows, or they roust have wilfully closed their eyes to the things which they have seen.' 'It is a singular trait of a certain sort of human nature, that the man who is willing to share with a wife hie sorrows is unwilling to share with her his joys. There are teachers that tell us that a clever and an ambitious man should not take unto himself a wife, lest she should hamper him, not only in the days of his struggle, but also in the days of his achievement. It takes all sorts of men to make the world. To roe such teaching is most amazing. By all mcanB let each man ask himself what is his nim in lifn. If he himself is. to himself, the be ginning, and the middle, and the end, by all means let him set up his god and worship it. If he is cool, hard, and calculating, it does not by any means follow tbat he is, in any sense, a wortie man than either you or I ; and, probably, to him, marriage is but an incident. There ie nothing to bo said against that. Each man is entitled to his own point of view. It we could only see it 1 We see it swiftly to ourselves, but slowly enough to others. To numbers of men marriage is but an inoident. That is their point of view, and one which, so far as I can see, they are quite entitled to hold. But this I do affirm ; the man who, when he was nothing and nobody, married a woman wbo brought bim nothing but her Jove, wbo shares with bim his struggles, and wbo, when the day of his triumph eomes, drops hor, just as though it were a matter of course, to all in tents and purposes out of his existence— I do affirm' that such a man isa our. Such curs are to be found in what, in the world's reckoning, are the very highest places. There is the great actor, Mr. S tacit. You meet him everywhere ; in prinoes' bouses. Did you ever sec Mrs. Klaclt? No. Yet thorc is a Mrs. Btaoit. '?Dear Mr.Stacitl Saoh a dreadful story! So sad (or bim 1 You know, whon he was a young man, and his genius waa still unreoog nlsed, I kave heard that he marriod quite a common person— a more ballet girl, I believe. Altogether impossible that she should bo re ceived In sooiety.' ' That is the sort of thing you hear— and from women. Altogether impossible to ireoeive ber in society I A mucb more impossible per son is received— Mr. Stacit. Tbe man, despite his outward fantastic trappingB, is really but a dirty blot upon the fair soutcncon ot our com 1 mon manhood. Wbat in meant is this: Mr. Stacit, wben be was a beggar, took unto himself another beggar, in the shape of a woman, ac cepted all that she had to givo him, tod her with the bread of bitterness, and when, after years of struggle, triumph came at last, he domed her what she had earned more righteously than ho had dono—the rest which cometh after labour, tho joy which follows pain. There is tlie popular artist, Dauber. You moet bim every where. Did you ever meet Mrs. Dauber ? You boar her spoken of, in a whisper, at the club. I rather fancy that Dauber married his model. Couldn't afford to pay her (cos, so he married her instead.' He couldn't afford tn givo her | monoy for her services, so whBt bas he given j her instead ? Wbat bas ho given her 1 The privileges of being hia wife ? And what a privi lege it seems to be 1 It appears that she _ was | only to regard herself as nis equal— his wife— up to a certain point in his career ; and then — what was she to regard herself as then ? ' Gentlemen ot Ktncil's kidney and ot Dauber's kidney abound. Tliev are quite common among the ranks of what are callcd successful men. They arc statesmen, lawyers, authors, financiers, divines. A woman who is married to a certain type o( man must look forward witb positive terror to the days when he shall tehievc success. She knows that his triumph will mean her fall. When I read that often-told story of the woman— which, mark you, is always told against tlie woman— who destroyed her husband's masterpiece before it was given to the world, I wonder if that woman did not know her husband through and through; if she was not too well aware that be was quite prepared to ucrifice iter on the altar of bis own self seeking. And I almost ask myself if she was not justified in the thing Bbe did. I do not know what is sometimes meant by the 4 rights ot women' ; but I do know this— tbat it is the right of every woman to share, to the last fragment, the triumphs of the man who, voluntarily of his own free will, has merged her life with his.' 