FOUND GUILTY, — : on -> Ralph Chandos'f Rate.; ; A Stirring Trie. -of the Barly , ! Days of Botany Bay. f , FODNDEO.OS i'AOT. ' OHAPTEB xvt. |,onT JACK80M. . The rcsbninp al»P proSfl to b? «"? ' 'Doltabf Wellington. :convict- lmna|.ort, I ' bound from I"® ?n. 9!'® ! h»a samo.tb.rty. wimiiSh cn bonrd, vritb 'nb iniilo pobvioti. .Slio. liovo to, and' nioIced'Up iintBiDou uu»b .mu ns. uueu- ! pints- 'lira jotter 'clambered tn bor I. Seek with difficulty,. being weak, and ornmpod ' from.' inaujUciont diet nrid oxpreiso. Miss Pollrara was passed up first, Iiord Strntlimora/closcly following i her. Tho. . captain aim filllcera of the. Duko of Wellington jptrongod around tho haggard waifs thoy had pickod up, full of wonder and curiosity at the rgingnlnr jspcotriolo tlioy presented. v i l Lord Stratiimore, by epinmon and tacit consent, of his comnanio'ns.. eras 'hpOkcsinnn of tho party. Ho liad Ira-; trayed: no cowardly terror daring hie 4rccont; 6ufIering8, but had boon moody, rosorved, and grim of visago. Now ho assumed on 'air of condescension nnd authority befitting his high rank and; station. Ho swoliod with! importance.: Ho felt himself orory inoli.Lqrd of' Strathmore in England, and Governor-, 'Goneral.of Botany Bay. Ho announced ' himself with proper pr da nnd soleninity, .and his auditors recoirod tho announce ment with proper amazement and satis faction. . ' "Thiayonng lady is Miss Pelham," ho declared, indicating hor. " This is hor father, Mr William Pallium,- tho eminent city banker, and my especial friend Wo woro on our way to Sydnuy in tho ship Clytcmncstra, witira hundred and oighty convicts on board. Tho ; convicts. aroso and mnstorod tho soldiors' and crew, and wo baraly oscapcd with' ;'oar lives in tho gonoral confusion. Wo 'aM-atArv<wl nni) in nrml aF vaiip boat :offiC09." " The ship is at your disposal, my lord," said tho captain, politoly. " Any- , thing we can do foryoa and your friends wo shall be glad to do. Will yon descend' -to tho cabin ?" ... Tbo ship was already under weigh again. Lord Strathmore inclined his head in assent, and took a stop in tho direction of tbo. cabin. Suddenly, ho' .paused and looked, around, his gazo falling uponihislintc'd cousin. Chnndos, in spite of his unkoinpt and unshaven' appearance, in spito of his haggardncsa and his worn garments, looked like an ,f.ldeal yonog prince — straight and tall and stalwart, with a lmughty poiso of bis head, his long, blondo looks glitter- ' ing in the sunshine, his light uioustricho 'filled with tangled sunbeams, shadowing a mouth as onco storn as that of an ac- . 'bnaing-nngol's, yot tendor ae a woman's. The captain's gaze . followed that of Lord Strathmoro, and he bowed low to. this splendid yonng fellow, who looked to him like' a knight of chivalry, Btiohns Ira had road of in romauce in his boyish days: . , / , " Look to that man, captain," said Lord Strathmoro, in .a harsh ..and disj cbrdantvoioo. . " Ho is a doriVict— ono ' of tlra ono hundred and eighty on board ot'the Olytomnestra.'f : ... .'5 - The captain recoiled a stop with an incredulous stara. " For sliamoj' my ' lord I " said Gorda Pelham; hor eyes glowiDg with indigno- -tion,: " He eavod our lives, at lho risk of his' own,' But for him riot Ono of us .would, over, have loft the"' Clytomriu'stva nlivoi Ho. has prosorved our lives all thoso wcoks by tho exercise of downc ight 'heroism! Wo owo , him everything1-, everything—" . . . ' . '"Gerdril" inturruped hor folnor, 'tio'fvouslyr. ... "j 'ii I)o riot reprove your daughter, my "dear friond," said Lord Strathmoro, Bmoottly. '' Her outhusia-m does credit Hto her'' warm heart arid her sense of gratitude. ' Wo do owo, Sir Chnndos a 'great : deal— I acknowledge .'-sit— but ;'liMdly bo'.rianch. as- Mi'sb Poltfam thinks; ix.'sbj in kim no hero,. but ri. convict Iraqf- ionisaying his ow'n lifo, and , wlio !savcd oars' inoidentally toihis mpiri purpose. riBut,-: whatever my.'privnto. fcoiiiigs, Ii \ ' -muat conSutor my puoira.. amy. sua oyos'of iBnglnnd nro nponririe. . As an officialof tiio government of my country,- ; .. jfysiiecessary that I should bo impartial. It' behoves me, to ho a very Brutus.; Captain, .I- shall hold yoii' responsible ' ;MSr tho 'info 'h.heping .of .the young man.'' He/roBtimed his. epurso'' towards tho parfy did not rilrivo,,'': ' " ; .lit' Oaptain, « soid .tltor.ship's, uoctorj . "'grriypiy, ".this yoiin'g goritlojioK! is aiir preserver and benefactor. I must beg you. to treat, him witli . jconsidoratipn until -we' - rea'oli Sydney, i Ho is no ''.toMiriarKoonytbf, ririd I-sitfoeroly. boliovo hirit't? boinnbeont'of angcriifioi against i.'.H ''JTlip GoverigstyGerierol, Lord Slratli; ,A; "- mPre,1 could'not.'coneistonlly with 'his . duty to tbo Go'vorrimcnS, tijitp any ptBajj ,!!stkud in 'regard .to this (unhappy yriurig 4 ((man thari hbhos'ino,''jBoid MrI'p!hilm, L', with simple digriiy. ''but I tbilp fee . should ho troatcd'Witb jcindiiess,' captain, for his dovotloTt'fp.ns- Jondi.jpih my on- W , <l' ' > . it. -1- . 1 lnnt Aw .t ff- _J|. . .-,1, tr0tttiC3 10 lllUaU.vi JAUreil. . ,A( is only fair to say/howpyp'r,' hp added, » that I .diffpr from tho doctor'iq . joliov- ibg Mr CJhandos intiocont of primo." Tho young man shall bo takori good ' pare df,"'sriid tho cnptiin, forming his Opinion of Ohondos by tho manner of ' Lord Strathmore, " Yon may go for ward,"' and ho addressed our hero, . .".Hpro-you, Tompkins, you look after -th'ia younfr mon, and get him somcthiag eat, How, my brd, this way to the «abin." i ' - Ho conductcd his guests tliithor. ( : Tbo cabin was no luxnrious room, "bping plain in tho oytroirio, with a , i'diynri' running about tho walls. It was ' olpan, and lodkcd to tho' weary voyagers .';a very lirivon- of rest and safety. >' " We'll have a breakfast for you, 1 'dircotly, my lord," said tho captoin. -after introducing kunsolf as Captain ' 'Hawardon ; and, in tho meantime, if 'you'ii mako your toilot, my room 10 at '.yonrsoivico." f Lord Strathmoro noknowlodgod this politeness by a- boty. .The captain ; opened, the door of a stateroom nenr at hnnd, \ " Miss Polham," ho said, "tliis room is at yonr servico.- 1 will hovo tho staward mako np tho bortli with fresli linen while yon aro at broskfiuit. This is tho first olficor's room, nnd ho will bo happy to turn ont for a lady. You will find olcan towels and soap and wator in 'readiness for use.' I will bring,, yon (a now conib and brush immediately. Lam' only sorry that I hnvo no stewardess to attand upon you." ' rv Miss f'olliam oxpressod.! her thonks, arid retired into the- roora aseigricd her, closing tho door. Her fnthor and the dootor woro next provided for with lodgings rpriic near to hor. : " Tho captain hronght blcatt'linon from! his own stores, .arid those of his officers, and'snpplied -tho gbntlomon. Olotlies. Iiruslios' woro bronght iuto requisition, an'd o'd and wora garmonts worn brushed and shaken into cleaniiaoss nnd respect ability. ' Miss Pelham soanred her door, nnd took a thorough bath, fcoiing thereby greatly refreshed. She was' neatly drpssed wlion tiio captain knocked ut her db'or. and informed her that lie had found some clotn linan far lior among tho stores of tho bonvicts, arid begged her acceptance of it. Wlion ho had dopartcd, sho opened her door, and took in tho things ho had bronght. Tho linoa proved to bo, conrsc and ill-made, butdt was clean, and tho young lady accepted it' with gratitudo. Tho comb and hrush restored hor dishevelled locks to glossy smoothness. , Her black gown was yet whole and decent. A whito pnokot-handkcrcbiof — oao of -the cap tain's -lied about hor neck, supplied the lack of a collar. Her toilet thus reno vated, sho re-entered tho cabin! Breakfast was upon tho taklo ; steam ing coffee," bacon arid eggs, potted mtrits, ; riotv broad and ship's! Iiiscait, uiado rip a repast that seemed to tho new arrivals fit for a' Sybarite. ' Lord Strathmoro ca'mo < forward arid olTcred his arm to Miss Polhain, to lead hor to the tahlo. - Sho declined "tbo proffered assistance with a coldness that Btariica mm. no icarea, icsc, in nis enmity to his cousin, ho hnd gouo too far. I My dear Miss Polham," ho plcadol, in an undertone, '.' do not bo angry with me. How could' I act diiforently in regard to Chandos ? - l)o yon supposo that I do not fool tho disgraco of tho connection, and that I would not ussist his escapo if I could 7 But duty, to a public man, is a stern word. I canuot botray tbo trust roposcd in mo. Behav ing Oiihndos guilty. I'doro not tamper with my oonsoionoo or my duty, so far as to show him favor. If I lose your esteem. Miss Polham, by my ndlioronco tn duty, than I am indeed, tho most miserable i f mon." , Tho hypocrite infused so much of seeming sincerity and passipnalo earnest ness into his tones thnt ono more gifted with insight iiqto human nature than innocent Gerila might woll havo boon imposed open. Mr Polham had heard every word, as bo stood noar, and ho hold oat his hand to Lord Slralhaiore, oxolaiming warmly : " iUU UU null, UMU.UUIW,D| in. UUIIUIU to yonr principles of right. Wo under stand yonr natural desire to shield, your unhappy cousin, nnd to favnr .him. We respeot yon all the more for. your strict adboronco to ' doty. Gordn is riot offended with you.. How Oould:sh'e:bo ?. Whatever Chandos was to her in tho past, ho . is- less than nothing now. Gorda has sonso to roaliso that tho yonng. man is only a convict, condemned to transportation .with hard labor for life. There is a gulf fixed between thorn which ovon tho most rmnantio and hare-brained girl in existe'neo eorild nover hope or. desire to' cross." ' There was an anxious lo«k in his eyes thnt touched his. daughter. She took bis arm in silence, and wos conducted to tho tnblo. VVhilo Bho ato hor break fast, sho did somo hard thinking,' tho roeoit of whioli was a rcsolntion to treat Lord Strathmoro with uniform courtesy thereaiter, not only because an opposite conrso would offend hor, father, bqt for other reasons which scorned to her nmplfl arid: imperative. . ('I- am growing to dishko him ox- tromoly," sho thought, ," but for pnpa'a sake, and for ltalph's sake, I most con- eenl. m'v .aversion: He certainly hates 'Ralph. He is the one— tho . only one— who , lias profited by .old Lorjl Stratli- inore's mnrdor. . I sometimes-think A shudder completed tho . sentonco. ' After breakfast, slio hogged D'r Marsh 'Jto.doo-. after tho welfare, of Chnndos. Thb food --doctor hnstoncd to comply- wiili hpr roquost, finding Chandos in tho fotecastlb, supplied with ciorin linen, cpmipi'tribiy fed,. nni; lodged among tho griilora; His '.bearing, and looks pro- Claimed- him an aristocrat, ond lliey had received hiui coolly, bit his genial smilo and friendly ways had won, upon them all, and, in spito of tho stigmaj.attoohed to him, tho seamen wore inclined to 'make -much of him.- ' , The dootor spont.soino hours with-ms " voung friend, and retutncd.to tho cabin .Inftimo '(pt dinner. After thot meal, ho i JgaW his W, to:-: Miss., olhaoi,. j and "Walked with her lupori tho dtok, relating , to bp'r tho. substance of bis rcooOt -inter- viow with Chppdos, and avowing to hor i again his belief in the young -n,»ns m- " I was novor mora deeply intorestod , in any man in my life,'' bo cxcliumcd. ,",I am alono in tho worId» Mis? pfiluatn» and I havb - employed ray-olf. o8. ft ship dootor ino'roly to satisfy my own Tost- lossness and desiro for continual change. I htvvo a littlo moneys enough to keep 'mo simply as long as I livo. 1 behovo \ handos to ho tho victim of souio haw conspiracy, and 1 intend to stop a while out in Sydney to look after him. I liavo lost my post with tho ship, and I shall not apply for another just at prosont " "If anything could to dono to spare hint tho indignities usually visited upon convicts, 'I eaid Miss I'clliom, "J .would bless and honour yon while I live, Dr Marsh, ttalpli 'Chanilos is innocent of his unclo's mardor, and somo day his innocooca will ho proved, God grnni Limb day avrivo before, bo 'is broken in spirit, and mndo dosporato by opprcs- 8'" I will do oil I can to help litm, Miss Pelliam ; but, unless the ..Govornnr- Genornl shoitid show somo iemoney, what can I do 7 Tho young man's fatp will, be' vory.'hard, if Lord Stratiimore chqosos !to mako it bo," sighed , Dt Miireh!'!; " Yon, alone, my dear young l.ridy,,haVo ' any irifluehco with ins lord-: ship.'! If- yon oxeroiso. yonr infloanco. in Clinndos's Iiclinlf, tiio horrors of "his: lot may -bo mitigated— not otbsrwiso." ! Tho girl flushed, then paled. Lord' .Strathmoro had novor, in so many words,; avowed ; himself hor suitor; ,'bfl't )horj woman's intuitions hnd told lior tlint ho loved hor,. nnd sho know that any miti gation of her lovor's lot was to - bo ,ob- tninod only at tbo pneo of hor, hand." I lie doctor sighed again, iu'tii'rpfoting hor silonco aright."! . Tiio future looked- very dark for Ohandos' rind lio could see' no gleam of light any whore for tho poor, young follow. , . ' i A fow days of rest and comfortablo fare, of reliof from torturing anxieties, restored, tho fngitivos; of, t|io Clytoni- nostra to.'Smiie 'resemblanco ofJthoir former solves. Chandos remained in 'the forecastle,- visited daily by Dr Marsh and Mr Gray, and now and.then saeihg front afar tho eyes of tiio girl ho loved looking upon him with tondorncss nnd yoarning thnt thrilled liinp through and throilizll. That laviilv. frtithFnl fttrn. full of nnstvorving fidelity, was to.hiin a star of hopo nnd promise, xt ni'iht, in' his lonely'' bunk, it soomcd io shiao' npon him ont of tho darknoss like the face of an nngol Ho could not utterly despair so long as this ono truo heart clung to him, and shared his griefs, mourned over 'him, 'and besieged Heaven daily. irith prayers in his behalf. ' . . . Tliejtiiko of Wellington was a good sailor. In a week's time slio drew near lior destination. ,Gpon tho -morning of the seventh day after the roscuo of Lord Strathmoro's party, tboro was great cxciteriient npon board ' it blno lino against tho horizon' indicating, .land. This blito lino on norirer ., approach, developed into a great wall of rock, destituto of trees Tho wind had sliifto ' to tho north- east, aiding mntoWally tho approach of tho Wqllington. . Tho .siza nnd grandour of tho cliffs wcro now apparent.: The two lioads of l'ort Jack- eon beeamo perceptibio, altiinugh tho pas- BAtrn hnLcviuxn fclinm cvna nnf. vnf. ttlntnle indicated, tho third, or Middle Head, appearing in .tho oponing. Tho 'Wellington, having taken on board tiio : pilot, who, camo ont ra 'n small., boat,- in d'ie limo ronridcd tho toqaprig Horth'.load,'. and cntorcd Part Ja'fkrion,' sailing' between tiio opposite lines, of cliffs, which formed immense buttresses to tho right and to tho left. TKo' scono, to English oyes, was very striking. Tbo snndstono rooks on tho shoro jutting ant into tho wator, tho strange trcos, tho gums, with thoir light-grey trunks, predominating, tho groon graBS, tho shrubs, aud alt tho peculiarities of tho Australian landscapo. were scanned with eager oyes. Lord Stratlimora's bosom swollcd as ho gazed upon tho land over which ha had coma to rulo. He was tiio ropre- son'ntiio of his sovereign", fond' therefore virtnally monnroli of thiB groat sonthorn oontinent. He folt himsolf a king nsha survoyed his now empire. His ambition was nt last, grntiliod. . Ho felt that his life was a sncccss, that his scheming and sinning had brought him the. result at which he had aimed. . , As ha thus, exulted, saying to liim. self that only thing more remained to.be desired, and that ono thing was possos- Bipuof Gerda Polham, tho girl approached liini, and stood at his sido.-— - - - Ho rtfrnod to -hcr, his iaco boaming. j "i\ftor nil our perils wo aye arrived at Sydney safely," lie. exoloiinod. . .." Lo'i'us eorigrritqlato cricli other, Miss Gerda." '.' ' Miss Pelham glanced in the diroetiun of tho forecastle, I' ' ' '.' I wish 'b speak to . you of .Rtlph Ohandos, baron," . abo - said . bravely, nltliongh ber lips qriiyerad,1 ( arid"! tli'ero were tears in the- sweet- fearless eyas upraised to liis, " I da riot ask you to prove false to your idea of duty; but I do ask you to sparo liim all- indignities, sttoh as the prison and bard labor. Tho very fact that ho is a , convict is a torture tn Vrin. ; Do not let it ba added to, by unnecessary araolty, 1 beseech you." '-' Miss .. pelham, V said tho: baron, fallriritly. " wliatovor T can do for Chan1 os shall bo done for your sako." ; ! , , , : Tho girl thrned away,' ptrnok' . by the' concluding words of his sentonoo, yo feeling lighter at heart. V. It was weu iur uur mm. . buu uiu.uyu soo tho fiendisii smilo oh his aw'nrthy visago as ho again looked shoreward, else her soul might have died within her. It was well sho could not . read his cruelly oxultant hoaTt, aedioriaidto.him-. self: - "I will tako care 61 Rnlpli Olmndos, Miss G.orda ; never fear .1, shall, forgot him." I .will takfl. onro to'visit. upon him: o'vory. horror . known to- convict lifo. I will iiucriblo his spirit, grill liis soul to- tio quick, and! drive, him to tho very -depths 'of despair - Arid, finnjiy, he shall die,. and not oven, his ghost shall give- mo cnnsil for jeolousy Yet I will play a double part. I will make; tho girl sparry mo to savo him from somo awful fnto, and tlion,' when Bho is irrevocably roino, I will proouro his dentil. So much success lias raado mo bold 1" and ho simlod liko a demon,, jOHXPTER JiVII. , ; :ypB'riAT,l,KD,r. fC ;; £ Sydney, at, too -tiiqri 'of whieli .we writo, eltliojigh by no: moans so li)Vgo or so prospomiis ns nt too 'present day! "wns a somewhat irregular bin a- highly piolnrosquo town, With ' fiuo. streets, bandsomo building?! arid ample parks and pleasure grounds,- Tho finest pnrk in Sydnoy is known ns tho Domain. Attached to.it aro.tha. Botanical Gardens j tho Innor, Doiimlq,' containing a fine collection of living birds : and tho Government Hou?e, tin. residonco of tho Governor., whiob .is surrounded by especin! and extensivo " It is to tho Government House that wp now direct the attention of tl|0 rcador. Tbo hull Jin is.qiindrnniinlnnnshnpe, very Iftrgo and hpndsoTjjo, eitut)tpd nfon an eminence, and commariding a v">n of tlm waters of Port Jackson. Its air of statol|nc3s and niagnifiuonup am wpll cnlcnlatod to inspire its npw iiicnmbont with' a high -idea or his" own importance, It W08 tbo day aftor tho arrival of tu( Dnka of Wellington at Port JockBon. : Tho now Governor,' Lord Stratiimore, was seated at a tabid in .tho pleasant breakfast-room of .tho' palace- Ho. had, recovered somowliat from tho fatigues of his prolonged voyage and disastora, and bore littlo rasomblarico to tho forlorn and unkempt , fugitive of : Pinnacle Islarid. His. hair and , lieriql liad been well' trimmed, his ragged garments hod been oxchungcd for.broudcioth and lino linen ; liis discontented and despairing expres sion hnd been roplncod by ono of self-; complacence, of suproms content, of Snict oxnUntioU. His! swarthy face wriS ashed ; his' eyes' sparkled ; and ho ap peared to enjoy his luxurious repast with tho appetite of a gptirmnnd. His companion was Mr Polham, Tbo round nnd rosy bankor had recovered a good Bharo of his formor spirits. He Xyas well costumed, arid scorned already to havo : forgotten his reconl privations, nnd terrors. Ho berimed upon his com panion with all tho oldon rovorcnco for rank and' titlo, and thoiight, in liis own heart; that earth conid afford him no: higher joy t|inn to bocomo fstlier-in-law to n peer of England arid- Govdrnor- Gonsrai of Botawy Bay. " ' " I nm sorry that Miss Polham is'nrit nfitn f.n l'nln na nfc hrnnlffiwk " anwl flin baron, sipping his wine leisurely. " Wo need hor preeenco to perfect our enjoy- ment." " She will appear at dinner," said, tho banker, 'provided slio can procure a , suitable toilot .Sho is going oxt early upon n shopping expedition " " I will have a carriage placed at hqr servico. Wliilo Miss Polliairi occupies liorsolf in shopping, I will consult with my secretary and mombors of the council. My delay in arriving hero lias caused certain complications, 1 understand, to. which I must doroto my imniedialo at tention. Duty before pleasure must be tho motto of a .governmont officer, Mr Polham." "Certainly — certainly," said tho hankor. "I desire to call upon, a correspondent here, and to attond my daughter, so my timo will bo fully occu pied;' " I lieg yon to malm yourself qnilo. at home," remarked Lord Strathmore, nrlflinir. 41 It, sfcnll hn mv at.nilv tn tnnltn you and Miss Pollinm camfrirtablo nnd happy. Wo Iravo passed through many dangers together, and, although I havo never addressed one word of luvo tu your daughter, my desiro to make her my wifo has increased and strengthened into the dominant purposo of my life. Hor bravery, sweetness, delicacy, and perfect refinement and good brooding, under circumstances calculated to try a soul to the utmost, havo deepened my love nnd admiration for her. I assure you, Mr Polham, it would bo lira hnp- piost day of uiy cxistonco— that: on whioli I should make Miss Polham . Lady- Strathmoro, aud iiutal her mistress. of this palace." . Tho bankor's faco flashed with pride rind picasuro!. , . . , " It would ho -tiio happiest ;dey: of my .lifo, also," lie acknowledged. ' To., see niy danghtor prosifioToycr this" proviheial court .would gratify nio beyond moasure. I riin sure- thav Gorda likes you, baron-— 'this much' I may say with i ropricly. How much she likes you," ho added, !with a' smilo, '.'you must : find out for: yourself." ,. -u.;.-','.'- i .A shadow flitted across the dark' faco; 'of.tlio gqvornorvii - , i ' !. : i , " T,.do not wish - to-, risk rejection by speaking tod soon,'' ho said, : inori'iily, , jivalking. toward ,tlio window. .-« Miss. iPoiliain ' possesses extraordinary'lioanty. firid' oannot bo inspnsiblo to th fact. jSbe'is a 'queen amoiig women, .arid -fit to occupy n royal throne. , ;How alio can jwaste hor affections upon a convict sur passes my 'Comprehension— " j '.« Bat; "my dear bqrori.''' interrupted Mr. Pelliam, eagerly, . V'hor .fiiooy for j-onr unlorinnato 'cousin is, a matter of the past. When ho becamo aconvict, her affection for him ceased — " i If-' ' I " thought that," said Lord torathmoro, " I ' would risk eysijthirig rind propose to lior to-day,"..! . ! " It is so,'' assorted tho -banker, con fidently. - V It must be so. My daugh ter has, been well - brought up— as: woll as qny, young .woman in England, it rionld' not'bo . proper frir, her. to. love a Convict, nnd ' my rinnghtor iS nqt' bib to do anything improper." ' ( . "Chamlos is ednfuundedly haridsomo." muttered ' Lord ' Strathmore; uneasily. ' And ho acted very wail upon' our small UlNlb. tutuuuviu 'jjitt easily mako him out a liriro. Ho had been a yachtsman, you know, and, know ing, host what to, to1 naturally took tho lead Ho did rill tho ' work, "and was head aod-front of affaire, besides saving us trom tho convicts," arid alE thrit sort of tiling, so that slio is lilcoly .-to idealise .Mm. A girl's'first fancy dios Hard." : '"Ttcnririot survive, thojbsB of rpspcot," declared MrPelliarii.. .:Gcrdairigratc- f ul to. Chnndos . fur saving her, life, arid so am. I ; .byt L.aaBnrolyou, jbnfon . she; appreciates tho- distanco 'between, them, tlra'.nwfni.pit'.ho, has dugiwitoMus' ,dwri. hands. Sho is an lieiross. tjid'danglitor of ah honotocblo man.;;,lra iff. n' convict for lifo, Iris iViicio's- murderer. . Even if she loved him still; she niust k'now that her "lovo is hopeless and w.orso than hopeless." ': - . -. fl ,,!... - '. , "Yos. it is. hopeless I',;?Hd will; live' and' did n convict';" " ' , Kowing that rindor any circum stances slip could . novor marry him." taid,: Jfr Polhrim. " she must soon forgot I.im.I "fllin lixwnu mix ntaT Iaxta .lift. nllA »«» f»m "r', will ddjiiid xtp ptoaso' ' . Need J s.ny flrat 'all, -Sty 'tpnrdriiril" irifliiorieo'. wijl bo exerted iti .your jfaVqnrf I uan,' safely promisp yoVtiint. Gerda will accept yoiu offor whonoyrir/nindo,'' /- '. Yet I must riot lw-tpo "precipitate." saiii'Lord Strathmore! tlioiigjifniljr. ' " It Is hotter to ho tod cautious the? n"1 nnniitrji (in. When Ohandos is disiioscd of, removed -for.ovor from all possibility of seeing- li'er rigain";.: wlion sho'.lias liad tiiho to qco what her position would > ns-niy wifo ; -wlion slio shall, havo become iiifcctijd witli lira gaieties of ydm-y. lib- and recdvorcd oniiroly fr«tn hor' lnto'ud-. ventures, I , ill speak, (but; not till, then-' PafidufP njjirt' niy, iridtto. .'I always succepd ip niy uridcF'akipg? j I shrill not fail fn this I''" : ' \ , 01 thnf I qm P'lro !" to'll the banker, warmly fi'Ropicniber that I npprcciaie lira Iranour of yoqr proppsed- mlinnco, and that Gerda wi|| ; always, lmpd :mv ; wishes in regard to bor: future sottlo-. moot." - i .., 'Tho two.gentlerodn. shook hands. "What islo bccomo of Chandos?" asked Mr Pelham, aftor- a brief pauso. "Will his recant, meritorious .conduct weigh in his favour ?" ' Tho baron 'sliook liis hoad. 1 " I foar not," .lie riuswored. . " Ha. was sontonccd for lifo, you know. - Nothing ho can do can mitignto his punishment. Ho will iiuvc.tp shnro tlra lot of all con victs. I , hava promised Miss r Polham to do ail I can la his behalf, but yon must rcalisa my paiufni position, being his relativo. ' I cannot prove false to my convictions of duty. I fear that tlra law must tako its course.!': Mr Polham expressed his regret, but -approved his lordship's Spartan adher ence to duty. After a little further conversation, the two gcatlemon sopnr- a'ed, Mr Pelham going to his daughter's room, and tho governor proceeding to his council-chain bor. !,' An hour, later, a atrriago, drawn by: two horses, and attended by coaohniau and footman ia livory, drew ap at tlra state-ontranira 'of tlra palaco, and Mise Polhain and her father descended and entered it. , . . They woro driyon tireotly to George- town', : 'where tin ' best shops, hotels, hanks, arid tho post-office are located. U.presdntcd a busy sceuo at this hour of. tlra inorning with crowds of pedestrians, and public and prirato vehicles and .scathed' a small London. The shops proved excellent, and Miss Pelliam had no . difficulty in procuring a necessary outfit suited to hor present requirements. A brinnct. a bandsomo shawl,, furs and glovos, were brought into imincdinto use. ! Aftor.visiting a dressmaker and giving her orders, tlra y ung lady resigned her self to tlra guidance of her father, whasa. monoy, fortunately, hnd been upon liis porsori at the moment of cscapa from lira Olytoinncstra, and who was thus able to meot-the demands npnn him. In liis turn Mr Pelliam visiled rades- |iooplo, wlio supplied his .requirements, or promised to do so with brief delay. " Back to Government House," bo commanded, upon ro-cntcring lira car riage. " But return by a routo that will gIVU 119 SUIIIU lUXilt Ut VttW t»»u» Tlra enrringo proceeded along Goorgo- strcct to Brickfield Hill, crossing Park- street to Elizabeth-strcot, and keeping in tlra pleasant shadow of Hydo Park. Taming into Macquaria-strcot, they jmssfei.tho Houses of Purlinmcrit and several' club houses, and entered tlra Government Haaso grounds. (To be Continual.) 