LNEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN.- | Cool ; Dull; I Changes. Anxiety. Oh ! ye tears! Retrenchments. . Ob ! yo sixties ! Food distribution. Exeunt militiamen. Considerable discontent. A ghost at East St. Hilda. Conscience money returns. Lord Jersey in Melbourne. Caledonian ball on Friday night. A slight advance in tlio railway traffic. To-day is the shortest day in the year. Supply of practice ammunition reduced. Fair demand for several stocks at Adclaido to-day. Five fatal eases of typhoid lu the colony last week. Adclaido stock and share market very tick and tow to-day. Prince Bismarck has been very warmly re. iceivcd in Dresden, Saxony. The traders in India express a strong aversion to niono-mctnllism. The cholera is getting worse in Persia, population in a state of panic. Stone six inches liner cold struck in tho New Prince of Wales, Bemliao, The Secretory of Public Works is not to .retire. A sacrifice bos been iound. Mr Cladstouo .says he nover called the Ulster Protestants fools and rogues. Tho Durham miners have decided to affiliate with tho Miners Federation. Thrco officers retire in trio Mines depart ment. Estimated ravine. L1000 a year. Tho remains of tho lato Lord Aucrutn are to bo buried in Sydney. Military funeral. Tho llasam rising in Alghnnistan said to be increasing. Cossacks said to liavo helped llieui. . Max O'Rell'a provincial tour in Victoria has been highly successful. Souin Australia next. MrDibbs is to talk over the colonial in vestment of trust funds with Mr Goshen to morrow. The warrant for tho nrrest of Mrs Clara Parker had not keen executed up to a late hour to-day. N.S. Wales won't contribute to tho Wilson's Promontory and Alt. Gabo iij-lit. houses 'any more. An American judge and a lawyer quarrel in a railway carriage. Tho latter shots the former .dead. Tho Labor Party aro still incensed with Mr Gladstone. Tnoy call Lord Salisbury an hoimrabio foe. - About 00 eases wore disposed of at tho DistrictCourtthismorulng. None was of a very important nature. Both small-pox patients at tho Sanatorium are progressing satisfactory. No further eases have been reported. Tho .painting of tho Government offices now proceeding merrily. Half-time work found for 140 painters and full titno lor over- Miss Stawcll, daughter of the lato Sir W. Stawcll, studying at Newnham College, , has got a first-class iu tho first division of , tho classical tripos. The following is the wcalbor forecast:— Fine but cloudy, with scattered misty showers, and wts'.orly winds strong in the Strait's, with rough seas. Vogetablo Products Committee dies hard. A depuration urged the Premier to prolong its existence, but Mr Sbicls would only pro mise to consuU his colleagues. , Inspector Mackay died at Warrnnmbool yesterday. Death is said to have resulted from heart duseaso. Deceased was formerly a well-knowndotcctivo sergeant. - Tho following steamers arrived in tho bay tins morning:— Franklin, from Mount Kcmbla ; Casino, from Portland ; Patccna, fanm Launccston 5 Gabo, from Sydney, Tribulation in the Education Department. Calculations being made as to tho most economical Fchcnto of retiring sexage narians.- The majority of them will have to go. We are glad to bo able to stato that tho Dean of Mclbourno has so far recovered from his recent illness as to bo able Icavo his bed. Tho Dean is now out of auy immedlato danger, but still suiters from severe prostra tion. Wo have received notica of tbo death ot Mr R. 1), Wallaco, of New castle, Now South Wales, who has been for ntoro thau 30 years identified with tho shipping Interests of both Molbouruo and Ncwcwtlu and universally esteemed and rctpuctcd. Being in Mclbourno with Lord Jornoy and party to-day, Mr Kidd, tho Postmaster- General of . Now South Wales, took tho opportunity of calliug upon tho Victorian Postmaster-General. Tlio two Ministers rpent somo timo togetlicr, conferring on various matters in connection with their do- piriuionts. Mr Jautes, tho acting dopnty Postmaster-General, was also a party in llmto dlscnssions. Thcro was an unusually ltgo number of legal gentleman at thjs District Court this morning. Not - being room -tor ail of > them st rim solicitors table, they took possession of the Press-box, to tho inconvenience of tho reporters. Senior-constable Kcane woscquaj to the occasion, and quietly informed them that they must find a seat somowhoro rise, ns they had no right to occupy the scats set apart for tbo press. . « Several change will bo occasioned In tho police, force by tho death of Inepcotor Mackay. Snb-lnspectof Jesso is next on the list for promotion to tho ;rants' of in spector. Sergeant Cams, at ptcsout 11 charge of Russell street barracks, Is first on the list for promotion to tho'rauk of sub-iuspector. Xhcie two proniotioos will, 1 is considered . htgklv prpbable bo niado almost immediately. Tho promotion of Sergeant Curran will te well deserved, and will give general satisfaction both to the police and tho public. A deputation from Gt-clong Chamber of Commerce requested of tb« Minister of Rail- ways that the Port Fairy train noiv arriv ing in Melbourne at 3 o'clock reach thccityat two-and-a-half hours earlier, so as to enable people to transact their business. They did not want any iucrcase in mileage, but that tho train bo altered to something like it was. -Tlra .Minister said that the Commissioners would inquire into tho matter. Mr Salmon. M.L.A., this morniog op. puarod before Mr Wheeler, tho Minister of Railways, in a supplicating appeal for that gentleman to say that tho chosen of Port Mclbourno had nothing to do with influenciugthc alterations in tho lighter rato charges. He did not object to a reduction of 20 percent for carriage by rail 'buttoau increase in charges for lighters at tending on vessels at tho railway w harves be had a strong aversion. Mr Wheeler gavo Mr Salmon the assurance he ashed for, and explained that tho department took all blaino on itself in this mutter. _Mr Sal mow theh' mplaincd in' bi« 'injured tone" that- somo of his constituents, because bo asked a question in tho House, misrepresented his 