Havvaiiah Superstitions. ;.',: 'JL, Verandah Chad BY BELLE OSBOUBN'Q, ' ' What a Buuerstltlous lot thcio Kanaka, ?ro I' Bays Joo, who I. stretched out in Iho bamboo chair on the verandah, the mono, light throwing the shadow of tho vines ovar hi. long figure clad In white linen j ' If they havo tlio toothache, and It nine, why, heaven weepa In sympathy | If tho little ktiki atcnls the raw flah uf his grandmother, bnim tfo.a tbe thunder, nnd heavon Is angry.' 'Thoy novor seem to thlnk/'aays tliGlinty offlcor, drowsily, from tbo hammock, 'that it heaven wopt with everyono who had the heartache, by Jovo I this would be n pretty damp place to livo In I' I am sitting on tbo vorandnh steps, Idly watching the moonlight on tlio tnnngo, auroly tho most beautiful tico thnt grows, almost too perfect In shape, Bbadowy, with shining leaves, . ' YcSg'^J. any, reficctlvcly— bnng I falls a mango ou7 tbo roof — ' they are full of a thousahit llttlu superstitious tricks nnd mysteries ; don't you know how they pound little BlickB Into the ground before their enemies': houses 1' '?What'B that for?' from the bum mock, - ' It btings doath to any nho who stcpfl on them, ' Oli, they profess religion, nn.l .Ing, nnd pray sincerely enouu-h ; hut as euro as nnvthlng Is the matter with them, they get frightened and scud for tbelr ta/iunat.' ' And whnt miuht a lithium bet' II Oh, those kaliuiiatl' Joo given an Im patient kick 1 ' they mnko me tired I They do the nwfulcst things I They nro n sort of doctor nnd priest combined, nnd everything they say is nil right. Kid falls Into tho lira and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of masted black pig-' *,lt Is always a black pig,' I Interrupt, 'nnd then they go to sleep and pretend to dream.' 'Who's telling thla Btory?'— a man always thinks he can tell a story belter than Ills wife—' When he finishes his mummery with tha black pig, or chicken, or cut, he bents a bonrd red hot aid npplles It to the burn. How on enrth they explain matters, when tbe kid .lies, I don't know.' ' Tho strangest thing to mo,' I remark, In a meek snubbed way, ' is the anadiiitt' '1'ro heard of that,' said bu of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, nnd giving n momentary Ilomlirandt cITcct of broad wlilto forcbend nnd atrnight nose, nnd then failing bnck Into shadow ; ' hut do you really be lieve It I' 11 llelievo it 1 Why, the kahunas have In their power every Kanaka iu the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaaim them, or pray them to death, they lie right down nnd die, nnd not all the king s horsca, or nil tho king's men, lo Bay nothing of the white doctors, cnusnTC them.' '?Weil, you know,1' from Joe, 'Doctor Thompson says that he ia absolutely (tower less to Bave n man who ia being frayed to denth. Ho Bays ho has tried to rifgue with them that their disease Is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their Bide ot the argument by giving up the ghost.' ' I remember when our ship was at Hilo,' said the navyulllcer, ' wo heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting bis ticket, Ho paid a kahttnti a lot nf money to aitiuttttt them, Tho three men .idled him for a time, nud swag gered about, pretending not to care, hut they gnro right up lo tho first ailment they hnd ; one died uf a cold, another succumbed tiilhcuiiimpii.niid tho third 0111: klmply kicked the bucket because lie realised that it was his fate.' 'They predicted when Like-Like wai go ing to illo,' I chip in. ' You never suw her did you 1 Sho waa young, bright, gay, and tlio best looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful wnltzcr, and spoke English fluently. She accmed to be above superstition, and yet Bbo died when they said she would.' 'And when was that?' ' When the lava How stopped. It would not have been so strange had bIic known of the event, but sho died, nnd It wns after her death that the steamer camo in from Hawaii witli the news that the lava Dow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last.' ' I wonder,' says Joe, 'If the lava flow over yctcaught role's pig?' 'I know,' rniys tho navy olllcer, 'that Fclu is the Goddess uf Fire and lives in the volcano. 1 know thnt she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano nnd drop money, /«', and even dogs Into tbo boiling lava-bul I never knew slid owned such an uiiromantlc thing ns a pig.' 11 Oh, Bbo doscn't own him,' I say 'hn is tho pest ot her life I She lintrs him. The natives say lie lives in tho district nf Kuim, nnd that when IVIe is asleep, or, in other words, when tha volcano Is iuuetite, he conn out of Iih lair nud roams over the premises. They any sho gets hopping mnd, nud Harts up, nnd bubbles, nnd finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts tor nil tho flows down the Kona aide of tho mountain.' ' Then how do they account for tho great How nt ISliS that came bo near destroying Hiln ?' ' Oh that was such a blow to tho mission aries I' I »aj with n malicious chuckle. ' They try so hard to combat the native sup erstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to. ward the pretty little town nf Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way ; but it is llko n bugo wnvo of molnsses, rolling n;id curling, and sending out long, snaky tongucB. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at tho edge, and bllUhling. It was eight months crawling toward* Hilo, uutil ono more day's How would bnvu des troyed tbo town.' Jnclnughcd. 'Lord I how tho people wcr» ?retting out nf Hilo I Especially the Portu -(ucec, who were leaving in shonls. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the How, and ? ravers were offered up in nil the churches, t did aeein as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on cuttb could save the town.' 'They appealed to Princess r.uth,' I con. tinuc, ' She wai the last descendant of tho great ICnmehnmchas, you know, and tho natives believed in her, bo when they grow frightened they Bent for her, and thu huge princess—' ' Dear llttlo thing I' lnughs Too ' Sho only weighed four huudcrcd and eighty pounds 1' '? Well, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front ot the lava, and throw in Borne facrlficcs— ' ' A block dop, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress,' Bnid Joe. —'And appealed to tbe Ooddcss Pule, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then sbo said calmly to her servants ' It will stop.' ' ' Do you know what she did ?' cried Joe, enthusiastically ; ' sho went into n cottage in thu very teeth of the How, and slept. There's faith for you. And It stopped'! The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of tire rolled hack nn itself and stopped I And there vnil can see to this day the blnck burdened Inyn only a few yards from tho outskirts of ?? !J» wonder they arc superstitious,' snvn ?'.-.?.? navy nlllcur. ' A few such coincidence. would affect anybody. I wondar, uiiiiigh, II tho missionaries would havo called it super stition If tbo flow bad stoppeu it) auswor to tholr prayers?' 11 Don't Ton remember when Prlnco Lun ?lllo was burled 7' nays Joo) 'that was enough to make anybody suporstltloiiB.' ' Whnt wns thnt f' the navy .illleer bIU up, balancing himsulf in tlio hammock so Hint Iho mooullght trillion ou bis blonde head. 'Tell us all about it,' ' Tlng-a ling— tlng-n-llngf' ?? It's only tho telephone,'' 1 .ay, as I go to the Instrument. ' 'liiulnmnl B. XfaitttJ m bind tht Aiimu,' .- i « '? Oh, pshaw I'1 from tho hammock, 'That ! ,tolcpliaiiu I. very convenient, but it is n ni|lsni)co sometimes — 1 Bay, plcnso ilnir, up oue.rorty-clc.lit for a carriage, will ynuT and toll us about- l'riuco Umalllo while ill. ' Weil, I say, curling upcoinforlnhl.vi.il tha corner ot tho steps, 'lie won an iininunsu favorite, you know,' 'Vos, Ifinow-iolly fellow-hoard alotof Qood atoric. About Id in.'' 11 When teirlci), he was buriad will, prcat pomp, but for suliro reaflon or other Ilia style of burial was afterward1 chungol, and when bis body was removed tbo natives asked the govermnent for nnothor Bnlute of twenty our gum, to which tho answer cams that they had already hurled him with all ln- honors, and didn't propose to wasto any more powder. Tho natives wore hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm camo up, thousands followed his body to its last rest Ing-placa, As the cortega passed Into tbe Rates of tbe ccmctary, the thunder burst orth, find evorybody declare, that twenty four distinct claps wuro counted,' 'Oh, take oil ons clan,' .ays tho lieuten ant, fllppnntly, mi Ira looks for bis bat. ''Well, 1 decline I isthntrniar After this moonlight, who would have thought It 1 Well, good-bye, Aloha mil, as the natives say.' 'Oood.byc, So sorry to have you go. You ?co ? Ucaieu weept in sympathy,' ' 