MISCELLANY. A Great Dear.—Four aces. The Lawyer's Bait.—Probate. A Popular Measure.—Brim-fall. A Very Revolting Place.—Brazil. Mere Figure-heads.—Bookkeepers. A friend in need is a plague indeed. Mental Reservation.—The memory. The Health Question.—" How are yon 7* Warily to wed and advertise makes a mas wealthy, envied, and wine. Sober second thoughts are generally pre ceded toy headaches. Mother—" Oscar, why can't you be a good boy ?' Wayward Four-year- old—"llatuuia, it makes me so tired." Teacher (reading from grammar)—"A good boy prefers duty to pleasure. What part of speech is 'prefersT" Bad Small Boy—"A whop per." Maud—" I wish Jack would hurry up and propose." Ethel—"Why, do you wish to marry hiinf Maud—"No. I wish to get him off my hands." Rather Equivocal.—Gus Snobberly was quite late in arriving at a soiree given by a prominent New York lady. When he armed he immediately sought her presence and said—" I beg a thousand pardons for coining so late." "My dear-sir," replied the lady, " you can never come too late." > " You shouldn't be so restless in church, Charlie," said the minister to his little son. " I could see you moving and jumping about in the pew all through my sermon." " 1 was stiller'n you were, papa," answered Charlie. " You was wavin' j our arms and talkin' all through church." Mistress—" Mercy on me, whAt a kitchen! Ever)' pot, pan, and dish is dirty, the tabic looks like a junk shop, and—why, it will take you a week to get things cleaned up! What have you been doing V Servant—"Sure, mum, the young leddies has just been down here showing me how they roast a potato at the cooking school." A Lucid Interval.—(Things one would rather have expressed differently.)—Doctor—" How is the patient this morning?" Nurse—"Well—he has been wandering a good deal in his mind. Early this morning I heard him say,' What an old woman that doctor is!'—and I think that was about the last really rational remark he mode." The Eagle Screams.—American Official in China—"This mobbing of missionariesmnststop!" Chinese Official—•' Huh ! Whatee Melican Glove inent do 'bout it!" "Hark! Do you hear that ter rible rumble?' "Thatee earthquake. We haves many." Do you know, sir, what causes earth quakes?' "Me no sabe." "It's tbe American Go vernment testing its big guns at Sandy Ilook!" Sambo joined the church, and his pastor thought it liest to look after him. " Have you stolen any chickens, Sambo, since you met with a change of heart?' said the minister one day. " No, rnassa—oh, no, I hasn't stole no chick'ris't all!" "Any turkeys ?' persisted the pastor. "Oh, no, rnassa—I hasn't took nary a turkey !" " Well, Sambo, I'm glad "to hear it —very glad. Watch and pray!"—and the good man went on. "Golly," chuckled Sainbo, peeping inside his coat, "if he'd sed 'ducks' he'd a hed me!" Everybody who has attended spiritualist stances is painfully aware of the intellectual deteriora tion which great souls undergo after their departure from this life. Neither in thought nor in speech are they such as we have known them in the flesh or through their books. An admirable instance in point was related at Richmond the other day by Sir Mountstuart Grant Duff. A lady requested a medium to "bring up" I.indley Murray. The presence of a spirit was announced in the ubuoI fashion, and. the question was put, " Are you Uudley Murray ?" " Yes," replied the ghost promptly—" I are!" Uncle Abraham, on Chatham-street, was speaking to an acquaintance about putting an em blem over the door of his store. " I'd put a bee hive," suggested the man. "Votdoes the beehive stand for?* "For industry." "Oh, dot vhas aU nonsense! Dot doan' show peoples dot I sell a four teen dollar suit for eightdollars." " I know; but the bee is a worker." "Yes, but dot doan'do. Eafry body vhas a vorker. Industry vhas all right, but if somebody comes liack rait a pair of pants dot shrink oop eighteen inches, dot peehive doan' explain dot it was a singular climate on pants." Admission Free a la Rcssk.—M. Davirtoff, a coiuic opera singer of repute in Russia, recently had a benefit at Kharkoff. Huge posters announced that on this occasion tbe public would be admitted free; but, when the doors were -opened, payment was naa demanded as usual. The populace protested, and appealed to tbe evidence of the poster. It was brought, and, on careful examination, after "admitted free," the additional words "as far as the box- office " were discovered in microscopic type. Admiration for M... Davidoffs ruse k la Rusee overcoming their re sentment, the good people of Kharkoff acquiesced, paid, and applauded. ThE Princess Marie, wife of tlie Danish Prince Valdentar, was journeying through Ilelsingor on an excursion to Sweden. The stationmaster heard of her coming, and, promptly decorating the waiting-room with some lilies from his parlour, set a watch at the door to prevent the public from in truding upon the toval privacy. Shortly the prin cess and her sister appeared, each with a small chip ljasket. The brusque watchman blocked the door. These surely were not princesses! "You cannot enter," he said. "Why not?' asked the astounded princess. " Because we expect the Princess Marie." "Then keep a good look-out for her!" laughed the amused lady, and went through the common gate to the platform. The stationmaster concluded, after waiting all day, that the princess had taken auother route. " How does Mr. Beacli manage to have pocket-money all the time when his wife keeps the purse and. only allows him car fare!" " lie plays a mean trick on her. She has a pet dog that she thinks more of than she does of anything else in the world." " Yes." " Well, Mr. Bench is in collusion with a dog-stealer, who steals the dog every week. Beach hands the dog over the fence to the stealer." •' How does that help him financially?" " You see, Mrs. Beach offers a reward of 5dol. for the return of the dog. She pays the money over to the dog stealer, who gives it to Beach, and he divides, and the next week they steal the dog over again. By tfiis little game they accumulate two dollars and a half every week for pocket- money." The Baby.—An omnibus was going east ward, writes Mr. James Payn, with an immense rail way-van travelling by its side, but just a little in its rear. As they passed Vere-street, out shot a dog-cart at full speed, driven by a young gentleman dressed to extremity, with button-hole and eye-glass, and with his coachman sitting beside him with tedded arms and that contemptuous indifference in his face with which the professional ever regards the performances of the amateur. The driver of the omnibus pulled up short, and the dogcart dashed across it, only to meet the full force of the van, which went through it as though it had been a box of lucifera. The -spark on the top of it, with bis coachman, was of course put out, but otherwise not seriously damaged. Then came the inevitable policeman, and the question whose fault it was. The omnibus-driver, who had seen it all, was appealed to by all parties. " Was it my faultr* inauired the young swell. " Your fault? Well, certainly not," growled the philosopher. "Then, wiiose fault was it?" continued the gilded youth, greatly pleased, and naturally expecting the van- man to be denounced. "Well, it was your coachman's." "Bat how could that lie? lie was doing nothinghow could it be his fault?' "Why, just because he was doing nothin' and iettin' a baby like you dnve!" A son ot Marshal Baxaine bavins decided to Call himself Ueauclair. the family of that hatne are bringing an action against him for * it The usurping it They axe determined to keep " " e for themselves, and never let it be afiucoine. 1)QRtN0 the past 10 years the Itoyal National ''eboBt Institution has received more than legacies. Few offhem have been for less i £100 each. Oaew them, received last was for £14,684. In 1887 there was a cy of £10,035, and in sBS9one for £10,000. meat other lame legacies were thoaefor W~M in 1881, EMM ini888, £6,082 in 1887, £5,760 in 18J&, £S/S3l and £4,500 in £4,500 in 1885, and i beqneate of £1,000, £2,1 been numerous, 