Melbourne Sporting. Fleminston Training Notes. ? Melbourne, Tuesday. — The crowd of specta tors on the training ground this morning showed that the interest in the forthcoming V.E.C Autumn Meeting has not abated one jot. Swordbearer deployed on the sand track, having All There for a companion. The pair strode strongly over six furlongs, which was covered in lmin 22soc, the latter being in front. Oxide was given a rousing good gallop over a mile and a half on the tan, which he -negotiated in 2min 50£sec. The game little son of Sardonyx is won derfallv well. Freedom and Wandsworth were coupled fora mile and a half on the tan, ?which the former covered comfortably in 2min 524sec, the ex Queenslander not being in it at the finish. Florrie did not give Whimbrel thfe ghost of a show in a six furlongs burst on the tan, left behind in lmin 19|sec. Foulsham was in evidence with Gnaroo, Happy Jack, Meli, and Wild Rose. The first-named and the last went steadily, but the other two were only treated to walking exercise. Atta lus and Mascara skipped smartly over sis furlongs on the sand, the last five furlongs being left behind in. lmin 6|^ec. The for mer -will be worth watching in some of the nursery handicaps. Shamrock bowled along over a mile and a quarter on the sand, the concluding six furlongs being traversed in a very workmanlike manner in linin 21sec. Corsican put in a fast mile on thfe tan. Reprisal and The Workman did a really good gallop on the sand over the Newmarket Handi cap) distance, the watch showing lmin 20sec as the time. The former had all the eay at the finish. High born traversed a strong two miles on the tan, and Pasfcnaster had a bit too mnch foot for Penance in a six furlongs dash on the tan, which was run in Imin21sec. The record of the morning was made by Paris who, with Parker in the saddle, slipped over six furlongs onthe sand m the easiest possible manner in lmin 18fsec. I expect before the eventful day to see the little son of Grandmaster run the distance in lmin 17sec, which, it will be remembered, was the time Bungebah made in his trial last year before he can tered, home an easy winner of the Newmarket Handi cap. Autonomy started off a couple of lengths in front of Camoola and Stromboli for an extender over six fur lontrs on the sand. This was a good trial, and resulted in Camoola's head just being in advaaice of Stromboli1 s, the time being lmin 19£sec. Albemarle and Bengal went a strong mile on the tan. The latter should pick up a handicap at the meeting. Cremorne, with a good hold on his ' block,' ran pix furlongs in 1 rain 19jsec. This gelding is wonderfully well, and -may create a surprise on Saturday. A number of others exercised. 