ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA. BY W. CLABK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Qneen," "The Golden Hope." "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Death Ship," " My Danish Sweetheart," tcc., 4as. CHAPTER XVIII. A. STRANGE OFFER. Small »b the world of shipboard; yet at sear there often happen contrasts in life not leas violent and remarkable than those which, one meets with in the crowded world ashore.. This same day after my conversation with. Alice Lee I quitted her cabin shortly: before the luncheon hour, as Bhe seemed -drowsy, and deep was all important to her whose slumbers were cruelly broken and short.throughout the night* Mrs. Lee stole in upon her- child and finding her asleep came to her place by my side at the luncheon table. The passengers understood that Alioe waa resting, and the conversation was subdued along the whole line of the table. I eaid nothing to Mrs. Lee as to what had passed between her daughter and myself. Though, the mother knew that her daughter's oondition was hope less she could not bear any referenoe to the girl's dying state. That is to say she would speak of it herself but with eyes that wistfully sought a contradiction of hen fears. Now whilst I sat at table I observed that Mr. Harris regarded me with .more than usual attention. There was an expression of apecu lation in his face, as though- 1- were Bome singular problem which he was wearying his brain to solve. - Hib air was also one of abstraction, and direct questions put to him by passengers sitting near were unheeded. Shortly before lunoh was over Mrs. Lee withdrew to her berth. I remained at table, having for the moment nothing else or better to do. Mrs. Webber remarking that I was alone, left her seat and took Mrs. Lee's chair at my Bide. " It is really too bad," said she, "that those wretched men," referring to Mr. Claok and Mr. Wedmold, "should be arguing on their eternal subject of literature when tbey know that poor Alice Lee is sleeping and that their I voices might awaken her. "I have not been listening," eaid I. " They have not been talking very loudly, I think." I looked towards the two gentlemen, and my attention being directed to them, I discovered that they were arguing, and, as usual, on literary matters. But their voices were some* what sunk as they recognised the obligation of speaking low. . "My simple contention is," said Mr. Wed mold, " that criticism as we now have it is absolutely worthless. If I were a publisher I would not send a book of mine to the Press, I would content myself by making it known to the public by advertisements. A man writes a review and it is published in anewspaper. Jusb before he sat down to write the review he was disturbed by a double knock, and his servant! handed him a manuscript which he sent sis weeks before to a firm of publishers. The manu script iB declined with thanks. What Borb of a review will that man write t Or he may dislike the author of the book he has to review, be cause he thinks him too successful; or he may personally know him and have reason to hate him ; or, he may not know him and yet have a literary prejudice against him; or, before he writes the review the tax-oollector may call, or be may have a quarrel with his own wife over the weekly bills. But by the publication of his review he commits the aggregate intel lect of the paper in which it appears to his opinion. For reviews are not quoted as the opinions of Jones or Smith, but as the verdict of tbe journal in which Jones or. Smith writes. On the other hand there may be reasons why the reviewer should extravagantly praise a book, which, were it written by you, Clack, or me, he would probably dismiss in a couple of ines of contempt. Nevertheless, the aggregate ntellect of the journal is aB much, committed to this gross lie of approval as it was to the< . qually gross lie of depreciation. The name of newspaper alone should never be quoted in a publishersadvertisement'unlesBitbe understood that even"body connected with the newspaper Fat in judgment upon the book. A book should ke served as a defendant is served. The paper that reviews a book should convert itself into a Jury. If one Juror alone is to decide the question then his name should be given. My argument is, why should publishers go on sub jecting their wares to individual caprioe ?" ""Sou will never get rid of criticism," said> Mr. Clack, " until authors lose their desire of hearing people's opinions on their books. Every man who produces his poor little novel, every woman who produces her poor little volume of poems, pesters his or her friends for their candid opinion. Now if that candid opinion is published in a newspaper and it happens to be rather opposed to the author's own< judgment of Lis book, the natural thirst of the author is for the extinction of all criti cism," " Did you ever hear two men talk such bosh in all your life?" said Mrs. Webber. "I will go on deck for a turn," said 1/ observing the saloon was fast emptying. ?" "Those two men," continued.she, looking afr Mr. Clack somewhat spitefully, "remind me of a very old story. A Frenchman and aa> American made a bet that one would out-talk the other. In the morning they were found in. bed, theAmerioan dead and the Frenchman feebly whispering in his ear." '*If you please, ma'am," said tbe Captain's eervant coming up to me, "Captain Lad tnore's compliments and he will be glad to see you in his cabin if you can spare him five minutes." I arose and nervously followed' the man to the Captain's cabin, wondering what oould be tbe object of thiB message. Captain Ladmore made me a grave bow, placed a chair for me, and seated himself at the table at which I had' found him reading. " I hope, said The, "you will not think ma troublesome in desiring these visits. I have not had an opportunity of conversing with yott lately. Ton are very much taken up with poor Miaa Xjee. How does she do!" "She iB very poorly," said I. "The malady seems to haye rapidly gained upon her within tbe last few dayB." "Itistoooftenso>nheexolaimed," these pool? consumptive people embark when it is too late. Mr. McEwan gives me no hope. I fear ' we shall lose the poor young lady- and lose her soon, too." He oast bis eyes upon tbe deck - and his face grew unusually thoughtful and gtave. "And how are you feeling?" said he after a pause. "DeeB this heat tiy you?" "No, Captain Ladmore, I feel very well, a different being indeed since I came into your kind bands."' " Your memory is still donaant ?" "I am unable to remember anything pre vious to my awaking to consciousness on board he French vessel." "It iB truly wonderful," said he. "Had I not witnessed such a thing I! should not have believed it. That iB to say, I could under* IU total failure of memory, for I have heard of instances of that sort of affliction; but I thould not have credited that reoolleotion can '< '.lie dead down to a point and be bright and active afterwards, as it is in you. . I have been talking to Mr. McEwan about yon, and though we need lay no emphasis upon his ? opinion, it is right that I should^ tell you that be fears your condition may continue for a con siderable time." . , " , " For a considerable time! I cried; what -can he mean by a considerable time,'Captain Xadmore?" ... " So not be agitated. I mention thiB merely tor a reason you will presently understand. McEwan'u judgment may signify nothing. Doctors are a very fallible lot and they talk < blindfolded when they speak of the mind. Bub that my meaning in inviting you to visit me may be clear,11 wish you to suppose that McEwan is right. In that case, what is your future to be?" I gazed at his grave earnest face, but made * him no answer. " Let me repeat," said he, "that you are very welcome to the hospitality of this ship whilst ehe keeps the sea. Bub on our arrival in the Thames, it will be necessary for you to find another asylum. What can be done for you, madam, shall be done for you, always supposing that your memory oontinues to prevent you from directing us. But it is a cold world." ... He paused abruptly. " Oh, Captain Ladmore, I hope my memory 'will have returned to me before we arrive in England-before we arrive in Australia." " I hope so too, indeed," said he; " but if it should not . . . You appear to have found a very warm friend in Mrs. Lee. Yen, from my experiences as a shipmaster, I would oounsel you not to lodge too muoh hope in friends and acquaintances made upon the ocean. People are warm-hearted at sea; they are always full . of good intentions, but a change comes when they step ashore." . . ? "CaptainLadmore," I exclaimed, "if I am not to find a friend when I leave your ship, \- then, indeed, I shall not know what to do." ''That brings me,1' said he, "to my motive for inviting you to my cabin. And' I will say at once that you appear to have found a very warm friend on board this ship." I imagined that he would-name Mrs. Webber, but the notion vanished at the next utterance. " He appears to entertain a very great admiration for you. It is not," oontrauedhe, with a slow smile, "uBual for men occupying our relative positions to confer on such a matter as he has in his mind, but I consider that he exhibited a proper delicacy of feeling in approaching me first. You are temporarily my ward, so to speak, and there are other considerations which induced him to confer with me on the subject." "Of whom are you speaking?" I asked. " I am speaking of Mr. Harris, my chief officer," he replied. " And what does Mr. Harris want," said I, feeling the blood forsake my cheeks. "Well, madam," said he gravely, "he desired me to sound you as regards your feel ings towards him. It is his urgent request alone that makes me interfere; nor should Iven ture to move in the matter but for your present lonely and I may say helpless condition. You necessarily need a friend and an adviser, and it oertainly is my duty as a master of this ship to befriend and counsel you. Mr. Harris is a man ?who, in the course of a year or two, ought cer tainly to obtain command. In the profession of the (sea a man muBt be a prawn before he is promoted to a lobster. His pay at present is comparatively small, yet it should suffice with . great care to'maintain a home. Long before I rose to be a captain I contrived to support a home out of my wages. Mr. Harris is a very respectable honest man and a good officer, and I believe his connections are rather superior ? to the average relatives of merchant mates." I listened whilst I stared at him. Indeed the confusion of my mind was so great that I -scarcely grasped his meaning. He observed ?my bewilderment and said, " The matter may be thus simply put: Mr. Harris iB willing to offer you his hand in mar riage. He is capable of supporting you, and will, I am convinced, prove an exoellent hus band. By making you his wife, he secures you against that future which looks at present dark and hopeless. He is willing to waive all con siderations of your antecedents. In that, Miss C., he tells me he hopes for the best." He added, after a pause, after viewing me stead fastly, "I have fulfilled my promise, and desire to do no more. In Mr. Harris you have met with a man who is willing and anxious in the most honourable way to provide for your future." "I will not marry Mr. Harris," said I. "It is a question for your own decision, alone," he answered. " I would sooner die in one of the miserable asylums he talked about than marry Mr. i Harris," I cried. , I Captain Ladmore arched his eyebrows, and ' made me a grave bow as though he would say, there is an end of the matter. "I am sure the man means kindly," said I, my eyes beginning to smart with tears, which I could not suppress; " but it renders my situa tion truly awful to understand that you and Mr. Harris consider I stand in need of the sort of assistance your first mate offers." '"Remember, madam," said Captain Lad . more, gently,. " that on your arrival in England you will need a friend if you are still unable by that time to tell us who your friends are, and to what part of the world you belong." "I would far rather die than aooept Mr. Harris's offer," said I with a shudder. ' " Let us then allow the matter to rest," said the Captain; " no harm has been done." " How dare he make such a proposal through you?" cried I. " He may mean well,' but how does he know who I am ?" "He is willing to take all risks," said the ?Captain; "but you do not entertain his pro v posal, therefore the matter ends." We both rose at once. "You have shown me ttio greatest kindness since J have been on board."said I, "and some 1 further great kindness yet I will ask of you. It is that as the master of this ship you will com mand Mr. Harris not to speak to me about marriace." "I will do so," said he. 411 will beg you to command him to hold aloof from me, for I wish to have nothing to say to him." The Captain bowed his head affirmatively. "And will you also command him, Captain Ladmore," I -exclaimed, "not to whisper a syllable of what has passed ?" "You may) trust him to hold his tongue," eaid he, smiling. " Were the news of his having made this offer'through you to reach the passeneers, I \- could not hold up my head again, I could not bear to quit my berth." ?" The secret shall be entirely ours," said the ' Captain. I hurriedly made my way -through the saloon, entered my berth in the steerage, closed and "bolted thedoor, and flung myself into rny bunk. I had wept in the Captain's cabin, but I was now too angry, too confounded to shed tears, 'though I longed for the relief of them. There was a sort of horror, too, upon me, suoh a feel ing as might possess a woman who had met -with a shocking insult; and yet 'I knew that no i insult had been offered to me, so that the horror which was upon me was' as inscrutable as ever the emotion had bsen at other times. Here is to'occasion for me to refine upon mv condition; the psychologist might well laugh at my speculations; yet I will venture to say this, ;that when I look back and recollect my feelings at this time, then, knowing: that I was without memoir to exoite in me the detesta tion with whioh I had listened to Captain Lad more's communication of Mr. Harris's offer, I cannot doubt that the wild antagonism of my heart to it must have been owing to the memory of instinct-a memory that may have no more to do with the brain than a deep rooted habit has to do with the oonsoionsnees. Bub not to dwell upon this. I eat motionless on my bed for I know not how long a time, thinking and thinking; I then bathed my face and cooled my hands in water, and stood at the open window to let the draught caused by the rolling of the ship breathe upon me, and thus I passed the afternoon. Shortly before the first dinner-bell rang Mrs. Richards knocked on my door. I bade her enter. She tried the handle, and found the bolt shot. This was unusual, and on entering Bhe gazed at me with attention. She asked me what the matter was, and I answered that the heat had caused my head to ache, and that I had been lying down. No doubt she perceived an expression on my face which told her that something more than a headache ailed me, but she did not press her questions. She had oome to say that Mrs. Lee sent her love, and wished to know what had become of me during the afternoon. " I hope to sit with Miss Lee this evening," said I, "but I shall not dine at the dinner table." "Then I will bring you some dinner here,' said she, and after we had conversed a little while about the heat of the weather and about Alice Lee the kind motherly little woman lefb me. I could not rally my spirits. The mere thought of what Captain Ladmore had said to me induced a feeling of orushing humilia tion ; and then there was that deep, mysterious, impenetrable emotion of loathing which I have before mentioned. Oh, it was shocking to think that my condition should be so cruelly forlorn as to challenge an offer of marriage from suoh a man as Mr. Harris. Nothing could have made me more Utterly understand how helpless I was, how hopeless, how lonely. I sought comfort in the recollection of Alice's words ; but not only did it miserably dispirit me to think that the dear girl must die before the wish Bhe expressed could take effect; I was haunted by the captain's language-that the world was cold-that the kindly intentions of shipboard acquaintance were not often very lasting-that when people stepped ashore after a voyage the memories they oarried with them speedily perished out of their mind. I ate a little of the dinner that Mrs. Richards brought me, but I had not the heart to leave my cabin. I felo as though I had been terribly degraded and outraged, and my inability to understand why I should thus feel when all the while I was saying to myself nothing but kindness was meant, no insult could possibly be intended-I say my inability to understand the dark, subtle protest and loathing, and sense of having been wronged that was in my mind, half crazed me. Twice Mrs. Richards arrived with a message, first from Mre. Lee and then from Alice, inviting me to their cabin, but I answered that my head ached, that I did not feel well; and when the door was closed I stood at the port hole breathing the air that floated warm on the dark stagnant waters and watching the stars reel to the sluggish motion of the vessel. Presently I heard the sound of a bell; I counted the chimes-they were eight; and so I knew the hour to be 8. Just then some one gently knocked on the door; it was not the stewardess's familar rap. I said "Come in," and the door was opened. "All in the dark, Agnes?" exolaimed the voioe of Mrs. Lee. " What is the matter with you, my dear? Why have you not oome to Alice, who has been expecting to see you all the evening?" "I am so low-spirited, dear Mrs. Lee. that I am not fit oompany for Alice," I answered. " Will you light the lamp,' said she, "that we may see eaoh other?" I lighted the lamp, and she closed the door and seated herself, viewing me steadily and taking no notice of the interior of the berth, though this was her first visit to these steerage quarters. "You look pale," said she; "pale and worried. Are you really ill, or is it the mind? Tell me, my dear. The mind might be making a great effort that affects you like physical siolcness would, but it may be the very effort to pray for." I had felt that nothing oould induce me to confess what had passed; but the tenderness of her voice and manner broke me down. Her sudden presenoe made me aotually feel the need of sympathy. But my heart was too full of speech. I took her hand and, bowing my head upon it, wept. She did not .speak whilst I sobbed, but soothingly caressed my hair with a touoh soft and comforting as her daughter's. After a while I grew composed, and then, with my face averted, I told her that the captain had sent for me after lunch, and I repeated to her the offer Mr. Harris had requested him to make to me. She listened attentively, and, on my ending, exclaimed " Well, my dear, jt is a proposal of marriage as extraordinary in its manner of reaching you as the whole character of the man who made it. But what is there in it to cause you to fret and keep yourself locked up in this dark plaoe." " It affects me as a dreadful insult. "But why? It is not meant as an insult. Captain Ladmore is not a man to suffer one of his officers to insult you through him." " I cannot explain, Mrs. Lee. . This offer of marriage has sbooked me as though it had been some horrid outrage, and I do not know why." She sat, silently regarding me. "Butthat is not all," I continued. "The loathing, the horror the offer has oaused is top deep, I feel that it istoodeepto be owing merely to the offer. Some sense, lying, in blackness within me, has been shocked and outraged. But that is not all; the offer has made me feel how lonaly I am, how utterly hopeless my future must be if my memory does not return to me." "It is very strange," said she, "that you Bhould feel that this extraordinary recoil as of loathing comes not from Mr. Harris himself as it were, but from his offer." " You exactly express it," I exclaimed;" it is not the man but the proposal which fills me with loathing." "And you do not understand why this should be ?" said she. "No, because the man means kindly. He approached me even with delicacy through the captain. - There is nothing whioh should make me loathe him." " And still his offer fills you with horror and diBgust?" " Yes." She surveyed me for a while, lightly running her eye over me with an expression of enquiry, She then said, "Do you remember what that gipsy woman told you ?" I reflected and answered, " She told me much that I remember." "She told you," said she, " that you were a married woman. What else she said matters not. But she told yon, Agneg, that you were marr'ed, and that you have left a husband who wonders and grieves over your absence." I drew a deep tremulous breath, not knowing what meaning she had in her mind. ** From what you have now told me," she continued, "I am disposed-mind, my dear, I only say disposed-to believe that the gipsy woman nay be right." *' From what I have now told you 1" I echoed. " What can cause this deep reooil in you from Mr. Harris's offer! What oanoocasion your detestation of it and the bitter feeling of shame? It cannot be the ojfcr of the man! It reached you in the most inoffensive manner possible. There is hardly a woman who would not find something ic suoh an offer of marriage made by snoh a .man ander suoh conditions to laugh at. No honourable offer of marrarge can fill a woman with loathing. A man can pay a woman no higher compliment than to ask her to be his wife, and no woman, therefore, is to be unutterably outraged, as you tell me you are, by the highest) compliment our sex can receive. Nor is it as though Mr. Harris were a monster, of a figure and faoe to justify the disgust his offer has excited. What, then, is the reason of this abhorrence ? " She sank into a reverie, during which I watched her almost breathlessly, " I shall not be at all surprised, Agnes," said she, presently, "if you prove to be a married woman, in spite of your not wearing a wedding ring. There muRtbe a reason for your not wearing a wedding ring, and some of these days, please God, you will be able to aocount for its missing from your finger. I believe, yes, I earnestly believe," she went on, looking at me eagerly in the eyes, " that your antipathy to this offer, the sense of insult that has attended this offer arises from a rebellion of the instincts which possess the truth, though they are unable to communicate it to the intelligence. The im pression of marriage-the great momentous step of every woman's life-is too deep to perish. Your secret horror, your unaccount able loathing, is the subtle and unintelligible revolt of your chastity as a wife against an offer that is an insult to that chastity. I believe this, my dear, I do indeed." "Oh God!" I cried, and my bursting heart could find no other vent than that cry of '' Oh God 1" " You must not be distressed," continued the dear little woman, caressing my hand, "because our speculations should be tending the right way. Suppose we are able to satisfy ourselves that you are a wife; the knowledge will be distinot gain, something to employ with profit on our return to England. But to be able to form no ideas whatever about you, my dear . . And now I wish to say a word about your future. Can you believe, that after our association on board this ship, after the friendship between you and my darling child, I could bear to lose sight of you on our return home? . . But you have been so much upset by what has happened to day that I will not talk to you now about the future. Come with me to AHce,"said she, rising. "It is not long after 8, she has been wanting you all the the afternoon and evening, and will be glad if you will sit with her for an hour." And now happened another interval of ship board life, during which there occurred nothing of interest enough to trouble you with, 'l'hat Captain Ladmore had delivered my answer to Mr. Harris, and that he had also requested, perhaps commanded, his first officer to trouble me no further with his attention, I could not doubt; for when next morning I men Mr. Harris at the breakfast table I never once caught him looking my way. The twist of his mouth seemed a little dryer than usual, and his countenance might generally express a slight increase in acidity of feeling ; neverthe less, he talked somewhat more freely than was commonly his custom, was attentive to what was said, and appeared to direct his eye3 at everybody but at me. His behaviour made me easy, the more so since I was Bure he would not talk of what had Eassed, so that the ridiculous, and, to me, the umiliating inoident, would be known to nobody on board excepting the Lees and the captain of the ship. And here I may as well say-for it is time that I should dismiss the few shadowy figures which Sit between this part of my story and the sequel-that ever after, whilst I remained on board tbo Deal Castle, the behaviour of Mr. Harris remained the same; that is to say, he never looked at me and never accosted me. If I approached that part of the deck where he was standing he instantly walked away. For a day or two after I had received his "offer' I would briefly salute him with a " Good morning," or some suoh phrase if we had not before met in the day, but he never turned his eyes to my face, nor answered me, nor took any notice of me, for whioh behaviour in him, as you may suppose, I was truly thankful. And yet, somehow, he so contrived his manner that his downright cutting of me, if I may so express it, was much less notioeable than his conduct had been whilst, as I may suppose, he was making up his mind to offer me marrirge. Nobody remarked upon his behaviour. I never indeed, heard a whisper about it. He was indeed an extraordinary person in his way. I suffer my memory to dwell briefly upon him before he stalks ghost-like off the little stage of my dark and memorable ex perience. I have no doubt whatever he was in earnest in his desire to marry me ; and I have since understood that it was in the power of Captain Ladmore to have united us, for it seems that amongst the privileges enjoyed by the master of a merchant vessel is the right to solemnize holy matrimony, and to make two people one as effectually as though i they were tied together by a clergyman on shore. I often recall the poor man and speculate on his motive. It would be ridiou lous to feign that he had fallen in love with me; my face and thin white hair must have preserved him from that passion. He might ? indeed have imagined in me certain intellectual graces and qualities and fallen in love with! his own ideal. Was it pure goodnesB of heart that caused him to take pity on my lonely and helpless condition? Or-the notion having been put into his bead by Sir Frederick Thompson-did be secretly believe that I belonged to a fine old family, that his marriage to me would connect him with people of title and wealth, and that for all he knew when my memory returned I would be able to tell him that he had married a fortune or enough money at all events to release him from a calling which he appeared to hate? His strange offer of marriage, however, re sulted in persuading me that I was a married woman. It would never have entered my head to i.nagine such a thing but for Mrs. Lee, and then when I came to think over her words, and to reason upon the horror that had visited me whilst I listened to Captain Ladmore, there grew up in my mind a strong secret conviction that I was a wife. It was not a discovery. Indeed, as a surmise it was no more helpful to my memory than the little city knight's assurance that I was a member of the house of Caltborpe: and yet it could not have affected me more had it been a disoovery. I would he awake for hours during the night thinking of it. When I was with Alice my mind would wander from the book I read aloud to her from, or my attention would stray from her language whilst my whole intellectual being sank as it were into the black chasm of memory, where the mind with sightless vision would go on fruitless groping on til the useless quest grew at times into bo keen a torment that often I was oonvinoed I sbonld go mad.- - Again and again when alone in my berth I took down thelittle minor, as I had been used to do in the earlier passages of this experience, and sitting with it in my hands in a posture that brought light flowing through the porthole on to my. face so that the reflection of my oountenanoe lay brilliatMy in the miriior, I would peruse my lineaments, search mine own eyes, dwell upon the turn of my lips, and all the while I would be asking myself with-a soft whisper, but with a heart racked with the 'anguiBh of hopeless enquiry-Who am I? Clan it be that I am a wife ? Oh God! what is it which seems to assure me than Mrs. Lee's belief that I am a wife is true? And then I tfould say to myself whilst I sat gazing at my face in the mirror, if I am a wife I may have children. Can it be that there are onildren of mine own in the unknown home, in the country from whioh God has banished me in blindness; that there are children there whose mother I am, who call me mother, who have cried for me in the day and in the night as their mother who has gone from them? Can it be so, I would ask myself ? And then I would bend the earofmymindtothemutehpsof my dead or sleeping memory, and imagination would strain within me to catch some echo of a child's voice, of a child's cry or laugh, that would remind me and give me baok the image of what, since I now believed myself a wife, I imagined that I had lost. 