THE LATE DUKE OF CLARENCE. DAY OF MOURNING. MEMORIAL VERTICES. - On Sunday last memorial services in connec tion with the death of the Duke of Clarence were held in the churches as follows : — St. Paul's Cjiuech.—The day of mourning wis solemnly observed by this church on Sun day. At eight o'clock in the morning the large boll began to toll, and did so till ten o'clock. The flag on the tower was flying at half-mast. At half-past ten. instead of the merry chimes, the sombre sounds of mutlled bells were heard. The interior of the church was draped in black. The oiliciating clergyman and many of the con gregation wore badges of mourning. At the morning service the lessons from the burial ser vice were read. The Rev. John Good preached, selecting as his text, St. John, 11th chapter, 2nd verse, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth; but I go that I mav awake him out of sleep." In an ear nest and feeling discourse, he referred to the death of the Duke of Clarence. The evening service was also impressive. The Rev. Wm. Hancock preached from the text (Revelations, 21st chapter, 1st verse)—"And therewasnomore sea." The preacher referred to the separation that had taken place in the Royal family. During the offertory Miss Har rison sang the solo, " I Know that My Re deemer Liveth," very pathetically. At the close of both services the organist,* Mr. J. H. Bryan, played the " Dead March" in Saul. All Saints' Church.—Special in memoriam services of a solemn character were held on Sunday. The church was draped in black, and most of the congregation wore emblems of mourning. The "Dead March" in Saul was played, both before and after both services by the acting organist, Miss Meinken. The usage of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, was followed in the substitution of the Psalms from the burial service for those for the day, and of the 14th chapter of Job, and the 25th of 1st Corinthians, for the lessons in the calendar. The litany was said, instead of being sung; and the funeral hymns "When Our Heads Are Bowed With Woe," "Days and Moments Quickly Flying," were admirably rendered. The line anthem "Blessed are the Dead which Die in the Lord," was feelingly sung by the choir; Mr. George Pallett and Miss Heine tak ing the solo parts. The incumbent, the Rev. J. Garlick preached feelingly from the text, Exodus, 2nd chapter, 14th verse, "Who made thee a prince over us?" He said - "In these days of pretentious and philosophical radicalism, it must be, to all thoughtful people, a consolation to note the very general and wide-spread mourn ing exhibited by all classes of people at the untimely deatli of an heir to England's throne. These expressions of regret and sympathy were as general and as sincere in the Australian colonies as in any part of the British Empire. The late Duke of Clarence was too young a man to have grown wise and experienced in the councils of his nation; he had not conspicuously displayed unusual force of character, or com manding intellectual gifts, yet he was favorably known to, and well thought of by the sub jects yielding allegiance to the British Crown. What was the secret of the prince's popularity? of the nations kindly regard for their future king; First he occupied his position of acknow ledged right, and secondly the nation knew something of the sturdiness and manliness of his character, and they were accustomed to look upon the deceased prince as one who some day should be known as Edward VIII or Albert II. Therefore his life interested us, and the manner in which, so far, he had shaped his career rendered him popular. They were all moved by the manly bearing he showed with respect to the selection of a life partner, and we admired the persistency with which he determined to wed the girl his heart prompted him to choose. All who value the unspeakable blessing afforded by such an ex ample as the Queen of England has ever set in her exalted position, will feel deep sorrow that her declining years should be so saddened after the three bitter bereavements she has already experienced. All will feel for the stricken parents in the loss of their first-born, and for the young affianced bride, widowed before she was wife, but we and they sorrow not as others, without hope. Life is unintelligible, and would be unbearable without the key afforded by the promise of the hereafter. St. Andrew's Chukcii.—At this church on J iSundav the Rev. A. S, C. James made special refence to the Had occurrence in his prayers when he invoked the divine blessing on the Royal family, and prayed that they would be supported in tiioir sad bereavement. The pulpit ami communion lails were draped in black, and the minister and a large proportion oi the congregation wore mourning. In the evening the"choir rendered the anthem "Blest arc the departed." and at both services the '•Dead March" in Saul was effectively rendered • on the organ by Mi\ A. T. Crook. Conv.keuatios.vl Church.—In liiemoraim services were conducted in the Congregational Church on Sunday by the Rev. R. Keith Mackav. The congregations were good, and the church was very handsomely draped, the em blems of mourning—black and white—running round the church, with a tastefully arranged motto—"Thy will be done," suspended over the preacher's head. The morning sermon was based upon the words in Eeclesiastes Stli chapter 8th verse—" There Ls no discharge in that war." Mr. Mackav first referred to the loss sustained by the nation in the death of Cardinal Manning, whom the masses have styled the father of the poor, ever being in tho front of every movement calculated to improve the condition of the toilers, including the temperanco work, and the society for bettering the condition of our children. The life of the duke was then dealt with. Special comment, such as the com plaint uttered in some quarters that he did not take sufficient interest in sporting matters was made a matter, Mr. Mackay said, for special gratitude in these days, when the sporting and gambling spirit is eating the heart out of the nation. The unity of the empire was, Mr. Mackay said, the outcome of the family spirit that had grown up, and which he trusted might long continue, for only when the keystone is love can any empire flourish and carry on its mission in the earth. The sorrowful surround ings of the closing hours were dwolt upon, and preacher asked for the united prayer ami sympathy of the people on behalf of the sorrowing father and mother. In the evening Mr. Mackay spoke on the words in Acts 13th chapter, 30th verse—"After lie had served his generation by the will of God, he fell asleep." The sermon was addressed to young men. The choir rendered special music throughout the day, Mr. E. Allen conducting, and Misses Abbott and Mackay presiding at the organ. Wksleyax Ciiuruiies.—Services of a memo rial character were conducted on Sunday at the Wcslevan Church, Forest-street, in the morn ing by Mr. Knuckey, and in the evening by the Res-. E. W. Nye, who selected as his text 1st Corinthians, "J.11!l chapter, and 5Sth verse, " Therefore my beloved brethren be ye stead fast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." In his open ing remarks, the preacher referred to the death of tho Duke of Clarence, and the grief that was occasioned the Royal family thereby. ITe remarked that in grief great privacy was always desired by the bereaved, but this privacy was impossible to those set in high places. Whether the sorrow was that of the head of a monarchy or a republic the grief was a common one, and the only return for the publicity thus given to the Royal family's grief was the knowledge that as the sorrow was universal so also was the sympathy widespread. The church was draped in black," and during the offertory the choir, under Mr. J. Miller's conductorship, rendered the "Dead March" in Saul. Prior to the benediction Miss Casey rendered the " Dead March " upon the organ, the congregation rising in their seats. The Rev. E. W. N3fe also preached in tho morning at the Wesleyan Church, Long Gully, from 1st Corinthians, lath chapter, 20th verse, "But now is Christ risen from the dead and become the first fruits of them that slept." Memorial soi'viccs were con ducted at the Wcslevan Church, Golden-square, in the morning by "the Rev. D. B. Bridgwood, and in the evening by Mr. J. Rogers. West S.vxdkckst Presbyterian Ciiubch. This church was crowded at both services on Sunday, when the Rev. J. Hunter Potter offi ciated. The pulpit was neatly draped in black by the lady members of the choir. In the even ing M r. Potter preached a powerful sermon from the wonts, " Weep with those that weep." The reverend gentleman said that throughout the English speaking world a wail of sorrow rises J from millions of British loyal subjects, men who j see and feel that a national calamity has fallen on a nation destined to rule the fortunes of the world. Whatever affects the' State affects us. We are not democrats who iguorantly clamor after the so-called rights of the indivi dual at the expense of the many. We believe in a religion of law and order, of moral rule of equity and justice, which binds; ns to the throne and person of her Majesty, therefore the loss whic!) has befallen tho nation affects us as a p:irt of the great Commonwealth of Britain. We scud our heartfelt sympathy to our Sove reign lady, the Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, and all the other members of the Royal family. Our Queen, whose court is pure and her life serene, needs our help in declining ye'-irs, situated as she is amidst troubles, agitated with the errors and crimes of Home Rule for Ireland on the one hand, and the bel lowing of an ignorant Socialistic throng, who are seeking after the throats of all who claim Royalty to her Majesty's person. The preacher then dwelt at length upon the lamented death of the Duke of Clarence, and concluded an able sermon by exhorting all to bo prepared for death, Special hj-inijs wero sung at both ser J'ice? Baptist Church. — The Rev. S. Pitman preached at this church from John, 17th chap., 20th and 21st verses. In his prayers t lie rev. gentlemen referred to the lamented death of the l)uke of Clarence, and prayed for sympathy for the bereaved relatives. In his sermon he pointed out that the words of the text were used by Christ in Prayer before his great trial on the cross. This prayer was more attractive, and was more really the Lord's praver than that now used, because in the latter Christ taught his disciples how to pray, and in the former he himself prayed. Methodist Free Churches.—Memorial ser vices were conducted on Sunday morning at the Ironbark Free Methodist Church, and in the evening at Calvin-street by the Rev. H. Wal lace. The preacher took as his text Job 14th chapter 10th verse, "But man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the Ghost, and where is he." Amongst other things the preacher said that it seldom occurs that we are alfected and plunged into such sorrow as that' caused by the death of the late Duke of Clarence. Some of the reasons assigned were his relation to the Throne of Great Britain, his ood record and recent engagement. It would e but the vaguest speculation he said to try to interpret why the Divine permission was acceded to so gigantic a displacement in national affairs by removing from the scene of action so prominent a figure. During the offertories, Handel's " Dead March''1 in Saul was very effectively rendered on the organ by Mr. R. J. Bull, of Melbourne. Primitive Methodist Chttrcii.—The urual services were conducted on Sunday at the Primitive Methodist Churches, and at each the prayers included petitions for the Royal family in their bereavement. German Church.—On Sunday- at the Ger man Church, Pastor Leypoldt preached in German an eloquent and impressive sermon in memory of the death of the Duke of Clarence and Arondnle, taking his text from St. John, 11th chapter, 3rd verse, "Lord, behold he whom thou lovest is sick." The preacher pointed out that England's grief was also Germany's grief, and the loss which the well beloved English Royal house had sustained concerned the Germans in this colony doubly on account of being adopted subjects of the Crown, and the same house being so nearly related to the German Imperial family. What the grief for the loss of the Duke of Clarence made it one so generally felt and deep was the liveliest sympathy for the beloved grandmother, the illustrious parents and the much afflicted bride. The Germans rejoice at the wel fare of the Royal English house, and weep , with the weeping. At all events it must be comforting to the deeply affected grandmother, and to the other mem bers of the Royal family, to see that not only England's sons, but also the sons and daughters of Germany show their deep felt sympathy. This sad event had plainly proved to the English house the high esteem in which it is held by its subjects. They could only prayer fully wish that this noble princely son would now bear the much more precious crown of splendor and eternal bliss before the throne of God. The preacher went more fully into the text, alluding to the pious family of Bethany, and in conclusion referred in feeling and com forting words to the death of 'Miss Maria Kahland, an esteemed member of the choir, whose numerously attended funeral took place last Sunday. The pulpit, altar and vestry were Iraped in black, the drapery lcindlv lent by Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson, and arranged by Mrs. George Jackson and Mias Nicolai. Prayers were ottered up for the Queen of Great Britain, the German Emperor, and the bereaved families. Suitable hymns were sung by the choir and congregotions. The "Dead March" in Saul concluded the solemn service, tears being copiously shed. Heir Lehmann presided at the organ. Tiik Church of England. — A memorial Eiirvjec was held in the Holy Trinity Church, Maroijg (ivrites our correspondent) on Sunday afternoon in respect to the honored memory of the late Duke of £);ypn.ce. Mr. Gould, lay reader of Bendigo, officiated. The church was draped in mourning. There was a gopd at tendance, and a feeling allusion was made to the death of the Prince and the loss sustained by her Majesty the Queen and their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Princess of Teck. The ' Dead March" in Saul was played, and Miss Violet Hollingworth, Miss Palmer and the other young ladies con stituting the Marong choir, gang with their accustomed ability. On Sunday evening (writes our Rochester correspondent) the Freemasons of the town, accompanied by the district officers and repre sentative brethren from Bendigo and Ecliuca, met at the Masonic Hall, and, followed by a fair contingent of the Oddfellows' Lodge in their regalia, proceeded to the ,of Eng land, where the Rev. J. A. White preauljed a feeling and eloquent memorial serm.in on the death of the Duke of Clarence, abounding in loyal sentiments and heartfelt regret at the loss the nation had sustained through the death of tljeir heir-presumptive. The collection had been aii\u!ged to be distributed amongst the poor of the district, and the result was a satisfactory contribution. The choral part of the service was perhaps the best that has been rendered by u, church choir in Rochester, a full choir doing ample justice to the solemn music. Mr. Adam.:, of 1 presided at the organ, and rendered the "Deai.i March'' j'n "I'j! aild oth^' mortuary music in a way seldom heard of in a^ ''^-country church. The Rev. Mr. White took* his tel. from 2nd Samuel, 3rd chapter, 3Sth verse, " Know ye not that a prince and a great man has fallen this day in Israel." 