THE MILITARY PARADE. A Queen's Birthday parade at Albert Park, tinder the favorable circumstances connected with yesterday's display, could scarcely fail to attract a large crowd of spectators, and although there was nothing extraordinary in the spec tacle itself, and thero was no enthusiasm on the part of the public, the occurrence of such splendid weather and tho attractive appearance of tho park brought out a great assemblage of onlookers, who surrounded the parade ground on all Bides, Tho troops were paraded enrly in .tho day, and spent the forenoon rehearsing the ceremonial move ments forming the features of the review. They broke off for lunch, and again fell in for the real business of the day. The parade was formed up in line in time to receive his Excel lency the Governor, who arrived at 3 o'clock, accompanied by a brilliant escort of the horse artillery. His Excellency, dressed in tho uni form of his rank as commander in chief, was mounted on a fine, powerful grey charger. Ho was met by the major-general commanding and reocived with the general Balute. Tho troops were drawn up in the usual ordor, and presented a good soldierly appearance. Tho strength on parade was 4314, made up as follows Head-Quarters Staff 13 Horse Artillory 80 Field Artillery 233 Victorian Artillery 192 Gee in nc: Garrison Battery ,. .. 121 North Melbourne Battery .. .. 78 WUllamstown Battery .. .. .. 69 Harbor Trust Battery 113 Permanent Section Engineers.. .. 23 Submarine Mining Company .. .. 73 Field and Telegraph Company .. 71 1st Regiment Infantry 761 2nd Regiment Infantry .. .. .. 805 Ambulance Corps 30 Commissariat and Transport .. .. 9 Cadets 1309 Naval Forces .. .. .. 334 4314 Prominontly placed in. front of tho saluting base, a little to left of the Union Jack, were some ten of the old soldiers and sailors from the United Service Home, at Drysdale. They wore tho three- cornered hats and frock coats of tho old country pensioners, and their white heads and ancient costumo mado them look like ghosts of a past age. Old Jeremiah Brown, the "Waterloo veteran, was amongst them. On reaching tho parado ground, the Governor at once inspected the troops, and theu returned to the saluting point, surrounded by the staff, a number of officers not on duty, and some civilians, including the Minister of Defence. The enclosures were fully oeoupied by carriages and spectators on foot to whom tickets had been issued. A portion of tho ceremony of trooping tho colors was performed by tho Geelong Gram mar School cadets, the preseut holders of tho cadet colors, who marched past hooded by the massed bands playing the slow march sot apart for tho occasion, and then returnod at tho quick. Tho feu do- joie was then fired; the hands playing tho Rational Anthem at the intervals. This part of tho ceremony was well carried out, the roll of musketry iiro boing as good as anything tho local troops have dono in its way. Tho bayonets blazed in the sun as tho troops shouldered arms, and the forco gavo the usual cheers for tho Queen. Then camo the march past Tho staff led tho march, MajorGenoral Tulloch riding in the position of commandant; then camo the Uorso Artillery under Major Hughes; ABattery, Major Ballenger; B Battory, Major Hacker; C Battery, Captain O'Farrcll ; the Naval forces, Commander Pclhnm ; Victorian Artillery, and the Garrison Militia, Major Umphelby ; Submarine Engineers, Major Josoph ; Field Engineers, Captain Chase ; 1st Rogiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Robertson ; 2nd Regiment, Lioutonant- Colonel Tompleton ; Ambulance Corps, Surgeon-Major Robertson ; Cadets, Lieutenant-Colonel Snce. The march past was very well carried out. There was ft good deal of staring in tho ranks a3 tho men passed tho little row of veterans in their old ! fashioned suits, and it was noticeable that tho cadets were less guilty of this looso discipline than their semi-professional seniors of tho militia. The splendid 11 dog of tho regiment" at tached to the 1st marched with the signallers at the rear of the column. The next act was tho trot past of tho Horse and Fiold Artillery, in which tho batteries wero well baudled, but tho gallop was dispensed with as part of tho review. Last Easter's experience at Lanoefield Junction, when a serious accident was caused by an officer ordering a battery to gallop over rotten ground, although he was warned it was not safe, has apparently proved a wholesomo warning. The infantry marched past in quarter column, And then advanced in review order. This closed tho formal parade, and his Excellency then presented the Queen's prize badges to such of tho winners as wero present. A largo proportion of them wero absent, liowover, boing members of rifle clubs. His Excellency said a few words of congratulation to the recipients of tho badges, and shortly after left the ground The review was ono of the best of its kind yet seen in Albert Park. A rather serious accident occurred after the parade, a lady from St. Hilda, Mrs. Hansen, being thrown from her horse and badly hurt. She was taken home by several of tho military ambulance men, and attended by Dr. Robcitson. 