Mttbhs. 'Phort, Sharp, Shiny.' Rain in the country. Walt Whitman dead. A tragedy at Cannes. Blackmail at Oxford. Bad luck, Australians. Dinham Villa doomed. Supposed cannibalism. A charitable millionaire. A ghost at Dinham Villa. Sixteen children poisoned. Anarchists active in Paris. Death of Prince DeChimay. Presentation to Lord Meath. Help for the Durham miners. Another ' Jack the Ripper.' Swanston made no confession. Wholesale murders in Russia. A fatal accident at Waterloo. More homing pigeons arrived. Terrible fatality at Pittsburg. Boating fatality at Newcastle. Rabbit- preserving at Millicent. Swanston expects to be hanged. Another English eleven coming. Chinese gambling in Melbourne. Painful accident at Narracoorte. Parisian anarchists on the shoot. Swanston hooted and groaned at. Commercial Bank circular issued. British looking out for anarchists. Youthful bushrangers in Victoria. Prince George to marry his cousin. Another teBt of Leigh's Creek coaL Coursing at the Burra in May next, German Education Bill withdrawn. Lord Sheffield arrives in a fortnight). Mr. Blacker returned for Noarlunga. Canadian strike ended by arbitration. Unfavorable change in Block 10 mine. A colored bishop shot dead in Georgia. British warships going to Behring Sea. Mr. Johnston replies to Mr. Forteecue. Politics prohibited in Parisian churches. A good telegram re Baker's Creek mine. Autonomy desired in the British Indies. Further dynamite discoveries in France. RavaebaL, the anarchist, arrested in Paris. Malvolio has gone out of the Sydney Cap. Sunday labor on the Happy Valley works. N.S.W. Railway Commissioners in trouble. Mr.. Gladstone is in favor of small holdings. Plenty of amusement in Adelaide next week. First Chester, the well-known stallion, is dead._ A rich discovery at the Broken Hill Consols mine. .Depression in the New South] Wales coal trade. Wet and squally weather in New South Wales. Another 50 married men sent to Happy Valley. Salvation Army opening a matrimonial bureau. The Oxford scandal provides interesting reading. The Croydon artesian bore is now at a depth of 330 ft. An old resident of Gawler killed in a trap .accident. * The heathen Chinee is too much for the Caucasian. Mr. Wharff has established a record at Noarlunga. An Anti-Parnellite meeting has been held in New York. English labor trouble to be settled by arbitration. Mount Zeehan Gold Mining Company pays a Da. amaena. A wild scene at an anti-Parnellite meeting at New York. Another team of English cricketers coming out next year. Mr. Blacker heads the poll for the Noar lunga district. Mrs. Parnell gets £70,000 out of the estate of Mrs. Wood. Two lives lost in a boating accident in Sydney harbor. I Negroes fleeing from the Southern States of North America. j Parliament is further prorogued until Wed nesday, May 11. The business of the Ballarat Banking Com pany suspended. | Colonel Kitchener will take command of the Egyptian Army. I Melbourne Deposit and Mortgage Bank to be reconstructed. The French police have discovered a dyna mite bomb factory. The Syndey Assembly have passed the' Appropriation Bill. An expert in the manufacture of butter visit ing South Australia. Some interesting Australian statistics pub lished in Melbourne. Another locomotive turned out of Martin and Co.'s workshops. The Parisian Anarchists are resorting to poisonous drugs now. j Two brothers arrested in connection- with I the Russian murders. The fall in silver has had a depressing effect on the money market. Sir T. Mcllwraith has pleased the Bank of England and the city. Seventeen and a half inches of rain has fallen at Derby, W. A. Swanston has shaved off his moustache with a piece of bottle glass. Scotland Yard does not believe that Deeming is 'Jack the Ripper.' Sir E. T. Smith entertained the cricketing elevens at the Acacias. Tenders for the post-office and school at Renmark readvertised. The disputed trot at Plympton has been legally declared no race. The Australian Natives oppose General Booth's oversea scheme. Easter Saturday is to be declared aGovern ment and bank holiday. Good acceptances for the Onkaparinga Easter Monday meeting. Another Australian gold mining company to be floated in England. The Boys' Field Club are going into camp at Port Willunga at Easter. Thirteen persons killed and 31 wounded near Santa Anna, in Salvador. America pays £20,000 to relatives of Italians lynched at New Orleans. James Berry, son of Sir Graham Berry, has gone in for pony training. Three natives hanged for murder at Mouat Dockreel, West Australia. A series of shocking murders has been brought to light in Russia. South Australians 'took the cake' at the Mildura swimming matches. It is proposed to expend £4,000,000 upon a pew Roman church in Rome. Swan&ton;'s grin was uglier than ever after he had shaved off his moustache. Mr. H. H. Budd has consented to undertake the task of defending Williams. A great scare has been caused in Paris by tbe recent dynamite discoveries. Subdividing lands in New Zealand and sell ing them for small grazing runs. The rumor that Swanston had made a con fession is authoritatively denied. Two horses engaged at Onkaparinga were returned winners on Wednesday. The great American poet, Walt Whitman, passed away at the ripe age of 73. A Belgian convict ib suspected of complicity in the 'Jack the Ripper' outrages. We must be careful not to endanger our position as the Brindisi of Australia. The doctor could not find any. mark of the Zulu knobkerry on Swanston's head, j Danish and Normandy brands of butter are entirely flooding the London market. '* The Windsor murderer and his deeds are much more than a nine days' wonder.' I Sultan and Forty Winks scratched for all ; engagements at the S.A.J.C. meeting. j The Lynch Family Bellringers have bean j doing the colonies for the last '25 years. j The London wool sales which opened on : Wednesday drew a large crowd of buyers. Cocoanuts are to be planted at Rum Jungle. Rum Jungle is in the Northern Territory. A shearing shed in New South Wales de stroyed by fire ; loss, £6,000. Accidental. Another pony meeting is announced to be ' held at Jordan Park on Saturday, April 16. New South Wales wants one or two power ful war vessels and a first-class torpedo boat. The ore in the stopes back of the 190 ft. level in the Baker's Creek mine is very rich. Accident to machinery of Central Blocks irines interfered with the working of the mine. A young girl in Melbourne being reproved by her parents, committed suicide on Wednes day. Ravachal did not surrender quietly when the J police pounced on him whilst enjoying his wine. '? It is thought possible that as a result of the combination of producers copper will touch £50 a ton. Repressive measures of the sternest nature are to be adopted against the anarchists in : Paris. ! Work to be given the Sydney unemployed ; wherever possible, but no relief works to be ; started. 'Nothing is more clear than that the perse cution of the Jews is part of a deliberate State policy.' Lord Randolph Churchill is bringing out a book 'Travel, Sport, and Politics in South Africa.' Negotiations are proceeding with English financiers relative to the ocean dock ab Light's passage. 'The Englishmen had only to play a winning game, and they played it to per fection.' The aehes of the Dinham fires have been analysed and found to be only the remains of clothing. Mr. J. B. Allen, B.Sc., has been awarded tbe Science Scholarship ol £150 per annum for twoyeara. An English detective has not sailed for Australia, but extradition documents have been forwarded. The Silver Bill introduced into the United States Legislature by Mr. Bland has been abandoned. 'The Jew must be got rid of ab any price, as one would get rid of microbes,' said Princs Metchersky. At a sale of small grazing runs in New Zea land the properties offered averaged doubla the upset prices. The project of an early visit of another Australian cricket team to England 13 increas ing in favor. ' It is not the rule but the exception when the murderer pays the penalty of his crime on the scaffold.' New Zealand journals rejoicing over the victories at the V.R.C. meeting of hors63 bred in. that colony. Most of the selections of working men's blocks in Petersburg have been made by rail way employes. The experiment of resuming land at Peters burg for working men's blocks has not proved very successful. The Bill introduced into the United States Legislature for the free coinage of silver has been abandoned. A falling off in the acceptances for the Ade laide Cup and Goodwood Handicap as com pared with last year. A verdict of guilty of murder has b9en re turned against Deeming in connection with the Rainfall murders. Opposition to Sir S. Griffith's proposal to deal with -the black labor question without an appeal to the country. Mr. A. T. Magarey wants the creeks and other places of interest in the National Park to be given native names. Lord Sheffield is anxious to escape the English winter and may come back to the colonies next December. A split has taken place in the ranks of the engineers on strike at Newcastle and many of them are resuming work. Mrs. Humphrey Ward got £5,000 for the English, American, and Continental copy rights of ' David Grieve.' The pearls which attained so much notoriety in connection with the recent trials in London were sold for £1,016 at auction. The. leaders of the Berlin bread riots have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment) ranging from two to four years. The Government have received the reports of the exploring parties who were engaged in prospecting the MacDonnell Ranges. Australian Natives wish to discourage 'the granting of hereditary titles by the Queen to residents in the Australasian colonies. Baron Hirsch has expended £250,000 in the purchase of land in the Argentine Republic for the Jewish emigrants from Russia. J. E. Gorman and the horse Result dis qualified for 12 months for suspicious practices in the Warwick Farm Welter Handicap. Mr. R. Barr- Smith has offered a donation of £1,000 to the council of the University for the purpose of purchasing books for the library. The English press states that the tour of Lord Sheffield's team of cricketers has prepared the ground for further international contests. Acowthatwas pastured ontheparklaudsdied recently on being cut open was discovered to have swallowed a well-appointed wardrobe. Dr. Vaughan's appointment as successor to Cardinal Manning has been approved by tbe unanimous vote of the College of Cardinals at Rome. Sir Wm. Robinson is returning to We3t Australia, his health being too impaired to allow him to undertake the duties of Agent General. 'A person in whose system snake- venom is. known to be at work exhibits the most extra ordinary tolerance of large quantities of the antidote.' 'The luck was overpowering and com pletely one- sided, and no one will be more ready to admit this than Dr. Grace and his comrades.' Councillor Johnson wants rubbish heap3 on the park lands railed off because a cow swallowed a wardrobe and went up to the milky way. ' Judge Lynch is not domiciled in Australia, and the determination to give every man fair play has attained the proportions of a healthy public sentiment.' The Bungaree, from London, discharged a large number of rivetted steel pipes for the Stephens Creek water system. There is hope for Broken Hill yet. Larkin asked the judge to give him a chance to made a mark in another country, but the judge said he thought he had made mark enough in Victoria. The residents of Mannum want the Govern ment to direct that a poll be taken as to whether another licensed house should be allowed in the town. Mr. C. Furniss, M.P., of West Hartlepool, has induced the millers of the United States of America to send four million pounds of Hour to the starving peasants in Russia. ' Birmingham supplies her citizens with gas at 2s. 3d. per thousand cubic feet, and after paying interest and providing a sinking fund contributes over £70,000 to the rates.' An English anarchist in Paris fastened him self to a lamp-post with a steel chain and harangued the mob in defiance of the police until one of tbe links was filed through. 'To sum up the matter as briefly as pos sible, the game was utterlv spoiled, and the Australians received an unprecedented defeat without incurring the slightest disgrace.' The Queen has accepted a copy of the New Testament in the Motu language of New Guinea. This is the first New Testament in the language of her Majesty's latest subjects. 'The mournful spectacle was witnessed on Saturday of the noble game of cricket reduced to the level of skittles— of an international test-match played out under absolutely farcial conditions.' Two tame lions have been forwarded to the French President by the Negus of Abyssinia, the descendant of the Queen of Sheba. They are in qharge of two natives, whom they follow about like dogs. 'The discovery of the murder at Windsor after between two and three months had elapsed, with the disclosures it led to in Great Britain, may be quoted in support) of the adage that * murder will out.' ' 'Williams is the criminal of the century. He is a rich prize to the compilers of such works as the Newgate Calendar, but he would not be out of place as a personal illustration in a treatise on psychology. 'In the ten years from 1879 to 1888 there were no less than 1,766 verdicts of wilful mur der returned by juries at coroners' inquests in England and Wales, but during that period only 154 persons were executed.' Madame Antoinette Sterling, addressing a band of hope meeting in Morley Hall, Hack ney, near London, said she had been nearly all her life a total abstainer. When hearing the end of a long tour, and when other members of her profession were pretty well prostrated, she was almost or quite as fresh as when the journey began. NOTEWORTHY SAT1S-GS. Everybody gains when a bad man dies. If you are a good man, what are you good for? God is always the friend of those who stand by the right. It is better to keep one old, tried friend than to gain two new ones. \- Religious selfishness is no better than any other kind of selfishness. The man who lives only for himself is engaged in very small business. The best time to determine whether the seed is good or bad is before you sow it. The only teachable people are those who know their ignorance and want to get rid of it. People who never think of anybody but themselves are always little, no matter how big they feel. A wise man stands firm in all extremities, and bears the lot of his humanity with a divine temper. Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason. When the time comes to harvest the wild oats you have sown you can't hire any one else to do the reaping for you. The mind is but a barren soil — a soil which is soon exhausted, and will produce no crop, or only one, unless it be continually fertilised and enriched with foreign matter. Live a life of feeling, not of excitement. Let your religion, your duties, every thought and word, be ruled by the affections, not by the emotions, which are the expressions of them. Do not consider whether you are glad, sorry, dull, or spiritual at any moment, but be your self— what God makes you.— Charles Kingsley. Every community met to worship the highest Good (which is understood to be ex pressed by God) carries me along in ito main current ; and if there were not reasons against my following such an inclination I should go to church or chapel, constantly, for the sake of the delightful emotions of fellowship which come over me in religious assemblies. — Georee Eliot. s 