-CAN THE SEA GIVE; UP ITS DED ?: Told by em. El Datectiw . fJ APiE i. i TInE GIOStYr St?-,=c. " Intl ot, ,tlit'tfl euarb o..~Indonu, lar teitad, y dwelt ,lr Chlsr. I,";, a 1 m. n :clt of grer feaith for the poe:ticjq held ty sits riok. Sl. die was proudlind hliagiy? and, to ilt,f swho olaldd hinto, b Steren and /ttfosrgi.ving. Tt el ;etas in whioc h ,liredr weierin id-fashioned • relbr?i: . one, surrounded ail. a Lkhi;h wall and fine e old t'.es, whirchahut out tLe cbi.ning prospect of the .sountryaround. fhe wvindosb s aare :liti, br.inig formed of little ýqusres--fe Sir Charier n;eoeid haverten horrined at the idea cif ocernii:i ;, the dear old place. He had for many yar d ?ld aimo't.the lifo of it her. mit; even his oion ralations eiore ieleived with each eoidnre- thut. they called as seldom as prof ptenty eoutl permit. 'To thia qui+t. mansion I had been cummoned, i and there I !eund Sir Charles extended upon a sofa Jsl, Tilth a 'small table placed by his aide. On this tabla. were fruits, a Bible, and a bottle of i physto. " li seated, Mr Gerval," said Sir Charles. "May I offer you some refreshmentl" "No, thank you, Sir Charles ; bt, if you please, we will to business. I always like to love the fall patticulare at once, and I would ask you not to keep any secret from me. Of course,,what you tell me will be in the strictest onfidenee.": : "Gaod I I will endeavor to carry out your in. etractions. I may as well inform you that this house has been said to be haunted ever since theo days. of Qicen Anne. I did not believe it; but k now "-- a He pauEde his fCes became pale, and his lips 0 quivered; Then he added in a broken voice: : " A'bo I b.live it.'" . "Believe it, Sir Charlesl"I exclaimed, in as fl tonishment. .' It would takda great des:tto make me believe any house was haunted." . ' That may be. However, listen. Yot mutt know I that my estates were entailed, but my grandfather, e with the consent of my father sad myself, cut off the t entail. The reaoons for doing this were, firstly, I heanvy mortgagee which had been made to pay my p grandfather'a gambling debts-for we all preferred poveity to dishonor." e " But, Sir Charled, yeu are not poor ," . "Not as an ordinary; man,"said Sir Charles, with a pride; "but for my position terribly so. Well, let - that matter pass. 1 came into the property, in dou coureD of time, and eat about restoring the family g fortune. Foolish .idea ! 1 howedn'y knowledge G of the world by marryi6g j?r aI, a singer--bauti fitl as an angel. But no matter; she died in giving s birth to a child. Oh, how 1 loved that child I. Per. f hsps I am to blame for what happened afiterwards. r Herbert grew up elfl.willed, and-Heaven forgive t me for having to say it of my son !-diss0oluts to a " degree. I argued with him-ha .laughe'din my 1 face; I becime tern--hme replied in equal anger. I I turned him from my doors, and he fled to America. But a vengeance more terrible than mine overtook hits. Tieship struck upon soma rceis en the coast r of Australia and every ouln on board psrished. Bat 0 time heals the deepest wound of the e:ffaetions, and i forgot and forgave Herbert. I adopted a relation a. ecusin only-who is now at college, and on him I 1 have settled everything-aye, even to my heart's I love, and well have I been repaid by his affer- I, tion." I ' PWe!l, Sir Charles," I eaid, "if that is the case, I trust you are at last happy." . " I should have been groaned the heronet. Then, I fter a laea; hitse added in an awestruck whisper, s " Can the sea give tip its dead l" L t The intensity with which the question was put t eomec;hat startled me. HIowever, with an attempt at a emile, I gave him to understand that I wao no ` believer in the supernataral. lie dre. himself 'eater to me, Snd said, in i whisper: . '"My son llerbert, who was drowned at :es, haunte I th's horse. I-lar.: sc-,c ehi,." ] ' It must have been a delusion orea triek, mydear I sir,'4 I remarked. I " Neither," he said, earnestly. ".it-w a his epirit. P I had just awakeneee from a light doze, when by the moonlight which came throught: that window I r?a? shedow glide acroa the roon. t ,uffer from nu r tffction of the spine, and can but mnoer with lo.i- I usoe, and with the greuate? palu. hIowever, with r some ditiiulty I managsed to raise isyrelt oti my elbow to watch the spectue'e tovements. It glided I to yonder eecritoire-to open which you must touch , ac eerit epring. This the appariticon seemed to .k??.- tiofit feotleticthe opring, the secret drawer i flew oponand-." thespirit took therefrom a certain : dreain ur tai n. Sr Charles, you were not :! I was not dreaming,"Mr. Cedal.: ,, called out,:' Who are you-what do you want br:rei The spectre turnedis af oe toward me, and I sair y the pale-light of the moon the features of my son. a Ile gazsed s:rrowfully at metand then vanished close t i by that old wardrobe." . *':A startlihg 0toryl" I remarked. "Have you sen anything since ?" Only-only once-and then it vanishod in a " Yes; but ithad beoen ed i nd' id.'' " "And what was the nature of the document?' I t inquired. - "My lwill. The will in which I leave all my pro- I perty to my' adopted Eonn-George Standing. Since then I have-had the will removed to abiion cafe." An" Ad yonhav net scen thsglihst caiedee ". " 'Never. But 1 haveknavn.that ii`.s been near .i me. I have heard it. ' Heard it " .1 SYes. Hiave I'net:told you that my wife was n ringer I Well, she used to play the harp admirably. When she died I could not bear thecight of the in :trument, and had it removed to a room where, amongst old cabinnts and so forth, it has remained, in epite of my son's pleading that it should ha given to him-for he was paseionately fond of music; but I could not bear any oneto touhliher harn, so it remained sitant unfil "-here he pauetid, passed bhis hand quickly over his e0es. and groaned. Thuen leaning over towards tme, he said, in-a solemn whisper, " Until a low. nihts ago, when I heard that harp played by-by-my wife,"' - " Impossible I Yot said that she died in giving birth to your only son ?' I remarked. "That is perfelctly truist.; but'at the same time I ean'ewear that I heard her play.one of those w'ild German airs of which she used to beso fond. I listened, entranced. I couldnot-Idarediotmouve. The next hnoraing I went to the romis, not isto it I cotld nre do c?i!. 'I found it locked and bolted an I had Ift it. I eramuined the bolts, anod the dcct was still on themn, Noone could have entered that. room." " Your adopted son, MrI GIorg Standing-doic Ae know anything aboutthie? I asked. . "I wrote him all particulars, and I expected him hero from Oxford be-fore you," r.phled theb baronet * I wished you to consuli with him." ,,Confound it all " I thougit, "'When will people learn to keep thieir tongue sctiil 1" But I said quietly to Sir Charles, " 1 am aure I shall be most delighted, and "- The oeoerous elang of the lodgs hll inttrrupted us. A arringe ceme up the drive, and in a few moments a handrsome young fe;low b.rst into the room in a mauner I thought little itcted for a sink chamber. "My dear bsnelactor," he cried, hurryin up to the bed and bending over the eitk marn, " what is b athis I hear! Can it bo that come wreelhes are try 1 ing by these means to rob you-to kill you-byI working on your too ear-itive nature? Oi course as to their being real sp:ctres, that's all moon Sshine." " Hush, hush, George I" ssid Sir Charles, failtly; " you are too boisterous for me. lThis is th gentle. mra whom I have had fetched from Lintdon tosolve Sthe mystery, and ho esnJs that wso mut keep the matter entirelygto ourselves. Yoo must not ht a soul in the house know who or what he ic yon understand ?" Mr Georgo Standing declared he did understeo?. and shook me cordially by the sand. sayino thla he would help me in every way. Then ho isited I that he would dleep in Sir Charhei' room, aond Sir Charles have another, where he would not be dis snrned. I had wished to have made the eams pripoisal about the room, as 1 wanted to Ekep there; bat the baronct seemed delighted at his nadoptle Eon'e cou. rage, and so l had to give up my claim. S I strolled into the selerivieO rouuds, cnd lit my i cigar so as to smoke aec think ovr the c:;-ec. d But leaould mal;enettiet t it. O atrutc I did not like the intsrfcercC olf Ir Gcrge Staneiog a bandEome, oponel-f? e d :ntiousau, but wi:h uu- I S steady eyes and lip?, t:ed, ihat 1 dhtlIe, far tol gushing. In tho ruidea of there truths tb-h conet of D the dinner-ball struck upon my ear, and I hu:ried back to join Mis Standing in the dining-room, as 1I bad piemieti to 4os :Dinner over, as Mr Standiog's invitsflion I joined him in the emoking-room, where we had some aspital oigars and coff?e. In course of cotversation he leo drop the secret that Sir Charles's son had to go abroad in consequence of some forgeries he had committed. "Sir Uhsrles never told" me that," I said, quickly. ."'No, of cauree he would not-the: honor of the family, and all that kind of thing," aeid 31r Stand inl, en0oowhathuskily. "' And now poor Bertie has gone, the least said about it the better. Blut that was the onease. Of course Herbert had to bolt, a! d you know the nest-he was drowned." *? " You are eure he was drowned?"' ' Positive. I do not know all the full particulars bat Sir Charles had the ease thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never could make poor Herbert out. I suppose hie erratic and bad qualitiss?came from the mother's side."? '" Perhaps so," I remarked, quietly. " Yoi sleep in Sir Charles's room to-night ?' - "I do," he muttered, pulling forth a pistol. " And if the ghost appears I intend firing at it." "Be careful, and don't shoot rashly, " I remarked.. " Ii Sir Charles really did .see iits phantom. who can tell that it may.not be some eloep.walker? And in that ease it would be homicideo.thoug, :perhaps, in the lowest degree." - S"Never fear me; I know what i am about," he said; "Perhaps you will have news by the morn ing." "Perhaps I shall," I said, and, wishing him good evening, strolled out in the grounds. 