TELEPHONE TALKS. Quiz—" Make haste, Miss Mac, for I am in a hurry this morning. I want to have a conversation with your boss, Charles Todd, Esq. Is he with himself? Thanks. Good morn ing, Mr. Todd. I'm Quiz." "Good morning, my friend. I suppose you want to wake me up about the postage on New South Wales newspapers, eh ?" "No, sir. To wake you up would be to presuppose the fact that you are asleep while on duty. Like sentinel securely at his post you'll not give up till you give up the ghost. I don't want to speak about newspaper postage, so you may relieve your mind on that score." "Perhaps, old boy, since the races you have been posted at Tattersalls and require my assistance to get you delivered. Ha, ha, ha." "That's very good for you, but I am a good young man, and never wager—unless I've got a eertainty. But it is about the delivery question that I am about to make a very few remarks. I am going to ask you to consider the poor postman." " My dear Quiz, I do consider him every day of my life. Like a woman, my heart warms to a red jacket, and when I see the vermillion-hued postman trudging his weary rounds there is a pleasant fluttering at my breast as I realize that I am the head of so fine a body of men." "Your sentiments do you credit, as Sir Joseph Porter would say. But I am not at all sure that the postman's lot is not on all fours with that of the policeman, and that it is far from being a happy one. How would you like to walk the same monotonous round day after day? Why, even a horse kicks at such monotony. Look at the tramway mokes. After a year or two they go in the legs and have to be turned out." " Surely you are not instituting a comparison between my postmen and tramway horses! There is, I should say, a most marked distinction to be drawn between the two. Really, Quiz, you are not quite sensible this morning." " Oh, yes. I have all my wits about me, though that irrepressible joker, my liver, is giving me un pleasant reminders that he is in a very lively condition." "Then you don't want me. Why don't you go down and see my son, the doctor?" " Oh, Mr. Postmaster-General! You must not tout for my business in such a barefaced way. Come, let us return to our muttons, that is, the postmen. You are of course aware that during the last year or two the duties of the letter- carriers have been very materially increased. It is also within your knowledge that the staff has been little if anything added to." " Why don't you give me time? Rome was not built in a day, and I can't effect reforms in the twinkling of an eye. There are so many matters to consider in my department." " It wont do you any harm to have the question unofficially brought under your notice. At one time we had no daily mail from Melbourne. Now, in addition, we have a mail every morn ing from Broken Hill. You know what that means, and so do I. How many additional men have been en gaged since the Broken Hill express commenced running? Never mind answering off hand ; take time to con sider your reply. Promise me, in a diplomatic kind of way, an answer next week." "No. I shall do nothing of the kind. I am always alive to the interests of my children, as I call them, and I am only restrained from carrying many reforms into practice by " "A desire to equalize your revenue and expenditure, eh ? Now human flesh and blood is worth more than mere dross, and it is your duty to look more carefully after the welfare of your children. Whenever I see a postman going out with the midday delivery, groaning under the weight of his big bag of letters and papers, I feel quite angry, knowing full well that he is doing more than he should be expected to do. His duties have been increased threefold, and his pay remains the same. I am not aware that there is any complaint concerning the rate of pay, but the work is too much. You need to employ more men." " My dear old chap, I am looking very seriously into the whole question, and I mean to do my best. My children shall not suffer if I can help it, but that dreadful matter of economy has so constantly to be kept in view that I am at times quite disheartened." "Economy is all very well in its way, but there is such a thing as justice. I have been waiting for a long time to see whether you would do anything, and I have withheld any comments, so that you might take to yourself credit for studying the interests of those under your control, but so far as I can learn affairs are in statu quo. Now that I have spoken—and I do not say this egotistically—I hope something will be done. If not I shall keep pegging away at you until I make your life quite as unhappy as the lives of your postmen." " Oh, don't do that, Quiz. Come round and have a chat with me, and I'll show you some of my pro posals. Mes enfants. Je te adore. See in my agitation I have relapsed into French, and very bad French it is, I am afraid. Bon jour." "Factories arid Shops Commission. What's that? You don't know where to find the Commission. Oh, nonsense. Well, ring up the Chairman, C. C. Kingston, M.P., Chief Secretary, Acting Premier, and all the rest of it. What cheer, Charlie ? I'm Quiz, and I want you again." " Look here, my dear fellow, you are becoming a positive nuisance. Why don't you give one of the other Ministers a turn? Copley would be glad to have "a few words with you, and Homburg is longing to embrace you for suggesting that there is a split in the Government. What do you want, if you please ?" " It's something to do with sweat ing." " I wouldn't trouble about that if I were you. Wait till you cross the Styx, and you'll sweat fast enough, or else go and play football. Don't waste my time. I am considering the Government policy." "That is to say, the Kingston policy. All right; I know. But touching the Factories and Shops Commission, I have been watching your labors with very much interest. I notice that on Wednesday last week you were enquir ing into the shirt making industry, and I observe that you had some ladies before you as witnesses. Rather a late meeting was it not V " Yes, somewhat. We are anxious to get on with the evidence as fast as possible." "Yes, but 10 o'clock. I am sure you were not a party to keeping ladies away from their homes until 10 o'clock. It must have been friend Ash, who is usually gallant, but who forgot how the time went in the presence of lovely woman." "None of your sardonic jokes, you beggar. Did you ring ftie up to discuss a point like this ? I'll put Peterswald on to you." "JDont threaten me. I Jl be as serious as a worm on the end of a fishing-hook. I wish to express my pleasure at the result of the Com mission's work so far, although we have not learnt much with which we were not hitherto acquainted. You will have to go further afoot before you get at the bottom of the evil of sweating. Witnesses wont come forward and acknowledge that they are sweaters." " Now, my dear Quiz, I think we can get on without even your valuable advice. I think you know me well enough to be confident that when I have taken anything in hand I mean to carry it out thoroughly. I intend to learn all I can about the sweating movement, and when we have factories under proper control the ghouls of sweaters will not be able to earn a livelihood." " I sincerely trust such may prove to be the case. I have lately been reading Charles Kingsley's 4 Alton Locke.' If you want to appreciate some of the horrors of sweating in London go carefully through that book, and then you will gain some idea of what we. have to fear here. So far the evil has not spread to any very serious extent, but still it exists, and we must trample it out. We must exterminate these vile wretches who are living on the blood of their fellow creatures. Think of twopence for making a shirt, which I suppose some of these poor sweated women get from the sweaters. It makes me so mad that sometimes I resolve I will never wear a shirt again." " Bravo. I'm with you there." " We can extinguisb sweating, Charles, I firmly believe, and we will do it, please the pigs, but I do wish that some of our girls would not look upon domestic service as ^o repugnant. Surely it is preferable to working bard morning and night in order to earn a few miserable shillings a week. There is nothing really degrading in domestic service; there is something under this sweating system despite it^, apparent independence. A servant in a good family, and there are many such, can learn all those qualifications which go bo make a good wife. What can be nicer than a clean, tidy, nicely dressed domestic?" "I say, Quiz, you are waxing quite warm with your subject. I hope you have not cast your baleful eye 011 any blushing young domestic. I didn't think it of you, really." " Let the galled jade wince, my withers are unwrung. I am speaking in the interests of many young girls, and I am sure I shall have the support of Mr. Samuel Tomkinson, who so valiantly champions the cause of the humble domestic. In the meantime. v 9 just to change the subject, let me ask [ how the policy is progressing V " Oh, I we are getting on fine. I think we" shall astonish you when Parliament opens." " I have no doubt you will, but 1 wish you would declare yourself earlier. John Moule is walking about looking like the ghost of Broken Hill, and Fred Holder is but a semblance of his former self. No wonder he is going to ask, ' What is the matter with the markets V Dr. Cockburn I do not see very often, but I regard him as more of a mystic than a politician. I never know in what frame of mind he is, whether he is a Christian Socialist, an Atheist, an Agnostic, a Theosophist, a Rosierucian, or a Second Adventist." " What sort of a Speaker do you think he would make ?" " A very excellent one, to be sure, but don't you think Playford would make a better one, most astute Charlie ? Come, tell me something, there's a good fellow. Let me ask you in the language of John Moule, 4 What do you know?'" 44 Well, I know a great deal, old fellow. I know, for instance, that you are not going to get any information out of me that I do not choose to give. I know that you think yourself a mighty smart fellow, whereas you are —well, I don't want to hurt your feelings, and so I wont finish the sentence." 44 Do you know who are going to be the Premiers in football this year?" 44 Ask me something easier ! There is no club but the South Adelaides in it. Do you hear me 1 I am going to prophesy." 44 Go in, Ports." 44 Go in, South Adelaides. At 'em blue-and-whites. Well marked sir. What are you about?" 44 Now, don't get excited, I feel inclined to back the South Adelaides myself this year, and I will go and barrack with you. Tra la la." 44 Good-bye. Wire in, Souths." 