TIlE MOUNTED PATROL. (From Hood's Comic Annual.) . PROLOGUE. Mr name is, or'rather was, Tom Montressor the lon. Tom Montressor. The only woman I had ever loved, the rare and radiant Gwen dolina Belvidere, had refused me. She had not exactly spnrned me, I was too good-look ing to spurn-but she had declined the offer of my hand. She had told me, with tears in her blue eyes, that I was too poor, and that I had no expectations, that when she married she did not wish to be worried about her milliner's bills, or her tradesmen's books, and so, much as she esteemed my moral character, she should continue to look out for a husband with a good rent roll. It was candid of the-girl; Gwendolina always was candid, but it dashed my hopes of happiness to the ground. I asked her if there was no hope, she answered, "None t" and so we parted, she to return to the giddy haunts of fashion, I to hire a lonely and cheap cottage on the confines of Epping Forest, and to dwell there a broken- hearted recluse. From the hour that I knew Gwen. dolina could never be mine I became an altered man. I dreaded to meet my fellow creatures. I lived alone in my isolated cottage, the world forgetting, by the world forgot. TABLE AU I. All day long I had had a dull foreboding of some impending evil. Alone in the cottage, in the quiet, country lane where I dwelt, far from the roar and rioi of the mighty oilty. I had passed the evening wrapped in an old military cloak, whioh -I wore summer and winter, and a deep reverie which never left me.1 had been thinking of the past. The pvst ! Oh, the ghosts that rose from the great churchyard of my long ago I Ghosts young and old, ghosts of men and ghosts of women, and high over them all towered the ghe?t I dreaded more than all-the ghost of myself. The clock struck twelve. With a mighty effort I rose from my chair, and, waving back. with an imperious gesture, the spectres of the past, I went to the larder. brought out the bread and cheese and a dish of spring onions, and sat down to my solitary meal. At that moment my attention was arrested :, the sound of a Inotstep on the gravel path. It was the foot- tep of a man. I rose, opened the door, and, holding the andnalI hish above me to shield it from the -'in,-, T erelaimed, "Q:i vsae la It wee an old elwat hword of mine, familiar on my lim.a in lhaopi:r days amid Crimean sneO?s and the rocky paeses of far-off Afghan isten. The words carne back that night like the long forgotten echo of a childish dream. I kmew not why I said them. The past had haunted me. I was living, speaking in the pset. ,, Q,:r la ?a" Asaie I challenged the footstep, and waited for tish fotstep to reply. At that moment a heavy gust of wind swept up the valley, and, cre Tsould nave it, the light I held above me was extinguished. " Qi val a !" The storm by thin time had eathored fury, there wee a loud clap of thunder, followed by a vivid flash of lightning. In that sudden and natural illumination I could see the .nrrmending country di'inc.tly. At my gate, dr.:ehcd to the skin. was a horse. At my door, within arm's length of me,lay a policeman, with a sword by his side, and spurs on his boots. He had not replied to my challenge. Why? ,t-au·ve he lay there at my feet insensible, ?scaah!ble of sperch. He had swooned I Gantly I lifted him from the ground and 'arried him indoors. The lurid glare of she Ssi:a embers fell full upon his face and I stareted in astonishment I The man we:t the living image of myself. W.T could hav passed for twin brothers. As I g??ed at him with staring eyes for a e.mnennsnL.oIfeasteodthat-.-rhe znddaynly?rienj Itin. ti.lCrrn, aed was Ilooking at myself in a Rlass. Bot I hadn't a helmet on. and a uniform, and a sword. It was no hallucina tiur. I pinched the buttons on his uniform; they -ere ral. Presently the man opened hia es-r end gazed wildly around; then he o?ecned hit lips and groaned. I loosened his ecllar atl removed his helmet. Instantly I didcoverdr the clue to the mystery. ITe hted fellen from his horse in a sudden crthek of verri.o, and had injured his head. T1% had crawled to my cottage for assistance. T felt his pulse, and looked at his tongue, and I knew at ones that he was about to be doli?iona. There were all the symptoms of brain fever. ?7 hbedroom was next to the sitting-room; s-itt, liitle difltiolty I carried him thither, nlei ?s-ed him carefully, and put him in my :-1d. PR: t and quiet was all that he needed to .o"=it his recovery. While I was musing as to my future con doet in the matter I heard a neigh. It was the horse. At the same instant my eyes fell upot the helmet and uniform. A sudden idea seized upon me. I glanced at the sleeping form in my bed It was I. -s Instantly I slipped off my own clothes and placed them in the chair by the bed. Then I put on the unifcrm and helmet. Again I looked in the 'glss. I was hel We were both each other. No one could tell us apart. It was a chance. Should I take it? Yes I I wanted to begin the world anew. I wanted to cease to be myself, and be some one else. I? ceasing to be myself, I should loose the , irrowa that wore mine. Yes, I would be s?,meone else. I put on the helmet; I buckled on the sword; I put a jug of barley-water and a puroe of gold by the bedside of the delirious mian. and then I went down the garden path nod leaped upon the horse. The change was complete. The delirious man in my bed was the Hon. ''om. Montressor, and I was No. 307 of the Z .Reserve. a mounted patrol ! I had r..solved. I dug my spurs into my horse, and galloped firward into the night. I had commenced a ne w ??ife I TABLEAU II. It was t bright, fresh morning. Of courte very new morning must be a fresh one, hobut this was fresher than usual. All night I lhad ridden hard along the country lanes, my sword clankldng by my. side. The exercise did me good, but by eight a.m. I was tired, and wanted my breakfast. I wondered what on earth I shou;d do. Of course, a mounted patrol must go home in the morning, i hle hal boeen on duty all night. His horse wouldl want to be fed and put in :'-aie. But where wars the stablo? Suddenly the idea occurredl to nme t llhat the horse wouili know. so I let the reinis lie upon his neck, sntl s:id "Clk " The sagacious animal instantly turned around, and trotted ofI at a brisk pace. SIn half an hour we arrived at our quarters. Theren could be no mistake habout it, for the animal went str.ight into the stables, withi me on his back. An inspector was in the yard. Be came across to me and exclaimed:-" "Nsow, Jarvis. what does this mean? you are threechimt late. What have you to , l~ ly m wmas Jarvis. I had learnt tlhat much at any' rate. ·I iiivdnted i an excuseo at once, for I was dctere-ined to keep up the character, if J could, so I said that I had been chasing a man'ho I believed had committed burglary but that he Iad escaped into the forest, and I had beca riding about, looking for him. I knew I had a right to be on the forest beat, because the real patrol had fallen outside my cottage, and lhe must have been there on duty. I saw to my horse, and then went into the station. I wanted to find out where I lived. "Hulloh, Jarvis I" said a constable in the station. "You're late. Going home now?" " Yes." I said. "I'm tired; I shall turn in now." "All right, old chap, I'm going past your place. We'll go together." I was delighted. I should know where I lived now. We went out together; my com. panion lit a pipe; I felt in Jar.is's pockets, and found there was a pipe and some tobacco there, so I smoked too. Pressently we came to a pretty, little cot tage, and my companion said, " Good morn. ing, old chap." I felt that I was at home, and turned in at the gate. He came back. "Oh. by-the-bye, old fellow, my minsus says that she will come to your wedding. She's been thinking it over, and: she's going to let bygones be bygones." I was taken aback for a moment, but I recovered myself directly, and grasped his hand. "Thank you, old fellow," I stammered, "it's very good of her to say so." Then I went up the gravel path, and pushed the cottage door open. Everyone took me for Jarvis, and I was engaged to be married. I wondered what my sweetheart was like. I wasn't left long in doubt. As I opened the cottage door a dark, rustic beauty ran to meet me. " Oh, Jack, dear .Tack I" she exelninled, " father and I were getting so fideety shout you; we thought something had hanpened to you ; come alon, your breakfast's boon wait. this hour for you." I took in the situation at a glance. I lodged with father, and this was thedangbter, and she and I were going to be married. When? I should have to find that out, for it was rather important. I didn't mind being Jack Jarvise. but I had qualms of conscience about marrying his sweetheart. TABLEAU IIIT. I must continue my narrative by relating events which only came to my knowledge at a later period. About the same time that I entered the cottage of the Littlethorprs (tbat was the name of father and ,daughter), and found myself an aflianced husband, Lady Gwendoline Belvidere drove up in a carriage aml pair to the lonely cottage on the conftines of lEpping Forest. She knocked at the door, bhut there was no reply, so she lifted the latch and walked in. The parlour was empty, but from the adjoin ing room there came, ever and anon, the cound of groans. " Good gracious me I " exclaimed Lady Gwendolina, "I am sure some one is ill." Cautiously she entered the room, and gave a wild cry. The Hon. Tom Montressor lay in bed, and he was delirious. To summon the village doctor was the work of a few moments. The village doctor looked at the patient, then turned to Gwendolina. "My dearyoung lady," he said, "this is a serious case-injury to the head-brain fever. It will be weeks before he recovers his reason." "Oh, Tom, my poor Tom," groaned Lady Gwendolina, " this is indeed sad I " "Your brother ? " asked the village doc tor. "No-not my brother," stammered Gwen dolina, " II--came to see him-to bring him good news. He is the Heon. Tom Mon trecsor." " What I " cried the Doctor, " the Hon. Tom Montressor who is advertised for in this morn ing's Daily Telegraph ?" "The same. replied Gwendolina. "You know, of course, that he is a duke now?" " Yes, yes," said the village Doctor, " and how strangely, it has'come about. I read of: 'theacseident's lost niight's Echo. There were' thirteen people between this poor fellow and the dukedom, they all went out together in a yacht, which capsized. No one escaped, and the penniless distant relative is now a duke, with estates in nine counties, and an income of £1,000 a day. He muot have every atten tion." "' He shall," replied Gwendolina, " you and I, Doctor, will nurse him back to life l " And they did. In six weeks the delerious man returned to. his senses. He found Gwendolina ina chair by his side, and didn't know her. He declared he was a mounted patrol, and that he wanted to go home and marry Polly. The village doctor assured him it was a hallucination-that it wag the result of the injury to his head, and he must get rid of it -the hallucination the doctor meant-not his head. Then Gwendolina told him she was his own dear Gwendolina still, and that she had come to merry him, in spite of all. Then they told him he was a duke, and had millions. The convalescent looked at Gwendolina, and thought of the millions, and his scruples vanished. It was not for him to persist in his hallucination. He accepted the dukedom and Gwendolina's hand. And when he was well enough, a carriage and pair fetched him and drove him offto one of his ducal palaces; and his approaching marriage with Lady G wendolina Balvidere was duly announced in the Mforning Post. TABLEAU IV. I was madly in love with Polly, I could not disguise it from mysell. I liked being a mounted natrol. The man I had put into my bed had not come to claim his uniform or his sweetheart. I presumed he liked the life in the lonely cottage too well to return to duty. I had taken his olace. I was happy. I conqueren my iser ec?epte, 05uu ota .uo cn:. of Polly I determined to remain Jack Jarvis and wed her. At first our sweathearting was a little awkward, she reminded me of so men things I couldn't remember, and once or twice I nearly put my foot in it. But I was very careful, and the course of our true love ran smoothly towards the wedding day. I liked my duties, the horse exercise had quite cured my dyspepsia, I had forgotten Gwendolina, end I loved Polly. Her fresh and charming simplicity delighted me. I fel tlhat we should be very happy. Better far to be a mounted patrol wirh thirty shillings a week and a bonny lilttle wife, t·han a recluse with only tbhe memory of a disappointment. The wedding day arrived. I discovered that Polly had quarrelled with the constable's wile, and that was what she meant by bygones. She came to the wedding, so did all my fellow constables who were not on duty, so did the inspector. It was quite a popular wedding, for Polly was beh;ved by everyone. The old father was very jolly, but a little energetic. He was a market gardener, and had market rather than garden ways. But he was good- hearted and I forgave his lack of oulture. We all went to church together, and then I got over a little difficulty. I explained that though Ihad been known all my life as Jack Jarvis my real name was Thomas MLon treesor, and in that name Iwas married. The inspector pulled his moustache, and said something about assumed names being against i the regulations, but I had been a good ouicer, and he would not report the circumstance to headquarters. I thanked him cordially, and the bride gave him the fiGrat kiss. As we came out of church the crowd hur. rahed, and the village ohildren flung flowers in our path. All was joy I Suduenly. a middle-aged woman dashed through the crowd and hit me violently onthe head with her umbrella. "Oh, you wretch, oh you monster I" she exclaimed. Polly ruebed between nus. "Spare him," she cried, "he is my hus. band I " "Oh, 'you minx," shrieked the woman, "your husband, indeed-he's mine I " " It is a lie," I shouted indignantly, vainly trying to knock my battered hat into shape again. "It is no lie," said a detective from Scot land Yard, " I have here the certificate of your former marriage. John Jarvis, I arrest you on a charge of bigamy." Polly fell into my arms. Dismay fell upon my comrades. Aeain the middle-aged woman fell upon me-with her umbrella. Then I was seized and dragged away, and at the hour when the bridal feast should have been spread, I lay in a prison cell await oig my trial for feloniously marrying Polly Littlethorpe while the middle-aged woman ras alive-very much alive. TABLEAU V. I was taken before the nearest police meagis trate and charged. The ioseector identified me as John Jarvis ever since I jomea too forae two yearn ago. He told the story of themar riane recister being signed Thomas Montreseor, and this settled my guilt as a bigamist in the eyes of everyone. It was evident to them that I had feared to sign my name, lest the previous marriage of John Jarvis should be discovered. The middle-aged virago swore to me-and at me-and it was with the greatest diffliclty she was prevented doing still further dnamace to my personal appearance with her umbrella. She produced her marriage lines -she produced an old lady who had assisted at the former marriage. No living soul in court had a doubt of my guilt. Except Polly I Polly, my darling little Polly l-my rustic, beautiful bride I-Polly, God bless her I though she was led half fainting into the wineee-box, declared that she believed I was innocent. -" That isn't a qnuestion for your to decide, my dear." said the magistrate. "What we want to hear from you is this: Is this person the man who married you yesterday 7" I believe Polly wanted to say " No." Some wild idea flashed across her brain, for a moment, of saving me by telling a story. But she glanced round the court, and saw ll the wedding company there, ready to contradict her SI she did, and so she sobbed The evoience was clear. The magistrate ascree me if I had anything to asy. I could only repeat that it war a mistalke. I dared not say that I had changed clothes with the real John Tarvis, who was my living image, because I wished to spare Polly's feelings. I didn't know how she would take it, and I was by no means sure that personating another man and marryving his young woman was not as grave an offence as bigamy. Sol stammered out something, and was com mitted for trial. and the magistrate said he would take bail. But everybody was now dead against me for my heartless treatment of Polly, and nobody offered. Polly naked her father; but her father said " No." and added that I was safer in custody. for if 7 were out on bail he might break the peace himself, and .get locked up in my place for assaulting me. So I was led away a captive, to spend my honey-moon in prison; and Polly kissed her hand to me, and the middle-aged virago shook her umbrella at me, and then went straight for Polly; but was restrained by the old lady who had witnessed my former mar riage. And so I passed out of sight: no lonoer e mounted patrol, no longer a happy bride groom, but a wretched prisoner awaiting my trial for bigamy. As I lay in my cell I thought a good deal; I wondered what the real John Jarvis was doing, and how I should ever be able to prove my own identity again. ;iL [u;4- w"4'.. TABLEAU vI. Thomas MIontressor, Duke of FitzThomas sat alone in one of the gorgeous apartments of his town residence. He had accepted the extraordinary freak of fortune which had changed him from a mounted patrol to a millionaire duke without a murmur. At first he had hesitated, and had been inclined to demand explanations; but when he re viewed the situation, he felt that it would be foolish to qnarrel with Providence. At last, when he found himself universally accepted as Tom Mllontressor and a duke-when he found the Lady Gwendolina looked upon him as her former lover-when he found himself received in the House of Lords, and allowed to take the oath of allegiance and to vote, he made up his mind that everybody must be right. and that the remembrance he had of once being a mounted patrol, and engaged to marry a girl named Polly, was due to the brain fever from which he opened his eyes one morning, to find himself suffering in a lonely cottage on the confines of Epping Forest ie nad been a duke for some weeks, and fe was getting used to it. One thing dis turbed him slightly. On the morning that he sat alone in his gorgeous apartment he was reading the Timex. He had nearly finished his favourite portion-the police news-when he came upon the trial of one, John Jarvis, for bigamy, and it seemed to him. remarkably strange that he clearly re membered marrying the middle-aged virago who gave evidence. "Dear me I" he said to himself ; "so far as I con remember, I distinctly believed that woman to be dead, before 1 proposed to Polly. I wonder whether this John Jarvis remembers that fact." He read on. "The prisoner urged that at the time he married the second wife he believed his first to be dead." "Ahem I" said the Duke. "I suppose he thought that was the best defence to make, and made it. (The duke was perfectly cor rect in his surmise.) "Let's see what the poor beggar got I" He read on. \- The judge, in consideration of the pri soner's good conduct, the high character given him by his superiors, and the plausi bility of his defence, said that justice would be met by a sentence of six weeks' impeicon ment, and as the prisoner had already been that time in custody he would be immediately discharged." "Quite right," exclaimed the Dluke, "but I pity him if he has to go back to that virago. It is singular how vividly I remember that woman in some part of my career anterior to that attack of brain fever." The Duke sat on absorbed in meditation until he was aroused from his reverie by the entrance of his private secretary, who an nounced the Prime Minister, the Marquie of B--. "Well, PitzThomas, dear boy," exclaimed the Premier, as he waltzed into the room in his usual excited manner, "I hope ycu're coming down to the House tonight." "Well, my dear S-" replied the Duke, "I don't want to if I can help it. You Erc to-morrow is my wedding day, and I want tc get to bed early and have my beauty Eloep. What time do you think the division will be?" "Vell, I'm afraid it will be late. 0 r fellows are so frightfully prory when they do get on their legs, and half the peers are deter mined to speak on the question." *' Then I shan't come i" "But my dear Fitz, yon mnust. The fate of the Goveanment is at stake. The division will be ~Tose, a vote will turn the scale." "My dear fellow, I shall yawn at the alter rails to-morrow. We're going to be married before 12." "Why not in the afternoon ?" I "Oh, Gwen won't have it. It's a romantic idea of her's to be married in the ordinary. w way without a special license." I " Better to yawn on your marriage morn. ing than to let those wretched Whigs dish us," urged the Premier. " Come, if you torn up and stay for the division, I'll speak the word and you shall have the vacant Garter." Now the Garter was the one thing the new Duke coveted. " Say yes, Tom," urged the Marquis, grasping the Duke's hand. The Deke hesitated no longer. "Yon may rely upon me, Bob," he murmured, and the Prime Minister waltzed out of the room de lighted. :It was six in the morning when the Duke of FitzThomas quitted the House of Lards. The Government had won by one vote. The l)uke had saved his party. The Prime Aiini ster came to him in the smoking.room when it was over, and wept in his arms. Then the Duke went out into the early morning, and walked home across the Park. His wedding-day had dawned. "Poor Gwen," he said to himself, as he pulled out a short black clay pipe and filled it "I hope I shall make her happy. She is a good girl, and seems to have loved me very much during the period which, owing to that at'ack of brain fever is a perfect blank to me, or rather which is filled with reminiscences ef lowlier kind, and during which I must,. have fancied myself a mounted patrol.? - "But of course I never could have been e mounted patrol. I was Tom 2Montressor, a penniless gentleman of good family." Then the duke glanced at the dirty clay pipe he was smoking. "Dsar me," he mused, "I wonder when I atcqired this strange taste for a short clay. If I had been a mounted patrol in my former existence, I could understand it. But, pshaw I I never was." It was past six in the morning when the duke let himPelf in with a gold latchkey set with diamonds, and retired to rest, in order to prepare himself for the fatigues of his wedding day. TAB3LEAU VII. No sooner had the sentence of the judge been pronounced, than I was led downstairs by the government warder, and informed that I could leave the court as soon as I liked. " Can I go out a back way?" I asked. I had my reasons for wishing to leave by a back way. I had caught sight, in court, of the lady who said she was my first wife, and she had a new umbrella with her, and twro female friends. My request was complied with, and pre. sently I found myself emerging by a little loor into a side street. There I found Polly waiting for me. Her sweet lace was very pale, her beautiful eyes were suffused with tears, but when she saw me she dropped her veil and said in a sweet low voice, trembling with emotion, " John. I forgive you. Henceforward we can be nothidg to each other, but I hope you will be happy." Then she broke down and sobbed as though her heart would break. I was no longer master of myself. I clasped her in my arms and pressed her passionately to my breast. "Polly, my darling," I cried, "you are my own true little wife, and no other. There is a hideous mistake which I cannot explain but I am going to London to consult a soli citor. Trust me, darling, and wait and hope. When I come back again it will be to claim you as my lawful wife, before all the world." I didn't pause to think how all the world would be accommodated in the little country town to witness the spectacle, but I said what I meant. "John," she replied, looking up into my face with a depth of unutterable faith and love in her violet eyes. "John, I. believe; you.Ix;l; will wait and hope." She returned my kisses, gave me a little rose to put in my buttonhole, and so we narted. I shunned observatio.n. want to the railway station, and took the first train to. London, or rather the first train took me. I arrived too late to consult a solicitor that day, so I went to an hotel, dined, and spent the evening in the smoking room, arranging my plans. I felt that I must at once get upon the track of the man whose clothes and horse 1 had borrowed that fatal night in the cottage on the confines of Epping Forest. Of course I didn't borrow the horse in. the cottage but outside.' That, however, is a de tail. The next morning I rose early and made my way to the office of my family solici tor. I sent up my name the.Ifon. Tom Mon tremsor, and'the head of the firm came down in a hurry and stared at me in blank amaze ment. "Good Gracious I" he exclaimed, " this is very extraordinary. t What the dickens, f:r higatey;as a mounted patrol. Iquiteunder. :toed no 'why Mr. .Tohn Jarvis had accepted :he situa'lon, and made no inquiries for his ,tolen uniform and horse. B'v. on whom was John Jarvis bestowing sty ..?er and rank ? i ..- Ofind out at once. I hailed a handsom, and drove at once to St. George's. The street was crowded with the ehariots of the aristocracy. RId carpet covered the church steps. There was a tremendous crowd outside. The bridalproccssion had just passed in. I rushed in after it. There, at the alter, amid a crowd of nCta. blilities stood John Jarvis, tie mounted patrol, and the Lady Gwendolisa Belvidere I The man's likeness to myself was extra ordinary. It struck me more than ever, as I gazed at him in his ducal robes. I thought, for a moment, I was seeing myself in a look ing-glass, only I had on a light suit and Polly's rose (a little faded) in my button-hole. Two bishops. two vicars, one incumbent, and a curate, all relatives of myself and Lady Gawendolina, were officiating. The senior bishop was just commencing the service. I felt that further delay would be danger. 1 rushed forward and exclaimed " Stop I" your grace, are you doing here, and in these clothes. "Its time you were at'ltholurchurch." " You make a mistake. sir," I reslied, "I am no duke,-I am Tom Montressor." "Ah, I see, an inmposter, but a very extra ordinary lilkeness. Go away, directly, sir, or I will give you into custody." " B!t. sir," " Don't detain me, you wicked man," cried my solicitor, " I am due at St. George's. Hanover Square, in ten minutes. The Deke of Fit= Thomas, my client, is married to day." " Duke! What is the old man getting mar ried egain ? " "The old man ? No, sir. The old man is dead, and the thirteen people who stood be tween Tom 3fuontressor and the title all oerished at sea in a yacht." Then, Tom Mfontressor is the Duke of Fitz Thomas ? " I shrieked. "Yes, sir; and you prove yourself an im. postor. If youwere Ton Montresor,youwould know you were a dukr." With these woris he pushed me so vio lently out of the oliice that I fell down the stairs. I had no time to return to the charge. I was determined to go to St. George's at once, and face the real impostor. I was a duke. I had been a dukeall the time I was being tsied t. SEvery eye turned in my direction. Trer, I was a chorused cry of "Good gracious I" And the family eolicitor exclaimed" Why, it's that confounded impostor I " "I am no impostor! " I cried. "Linok at me, yon people; look at me, Gwendolinsa. I am the Hon. Tom itIontreseor, now Duke of j FitzThomas." _ "Mostextraordinary; "sid the bystnders; " why, they are exactly alike I " I pushed my way through the trembling bridesmaids, and I took the faslse duke by the collar. Lady Gwendolina fainted. "Excuse me., cousin, " I said to the eltenr bishop; "but the matterisurgent. Thisras cal has assumed my name and title." "It is false!" cried the sham duke, for getting ordinary prudence itn his wild rage and disappointment. "It in you who took mine; you stole my uniform and my ho;se." "You hear?" I cried triumphbaotly. tearing the ducal robes from the impostor, "ho con fenses it. This man is no duke, he is Jrck Jarvis, a mounted patrol." Lady Gwendolina was carried into the restry. in a dead swoon. "Stay," said the bishop, my cousin, " this is a most extraordinary, and I most say. a most unusual occurrence. The relt Tom Montreasor has a eurrant andraspberry mark on the left arm. Rll up your sleoves, besth of you.' I rolled up mine. There patent to the eyes of the astonished congregation was the currant and r?hpb'rry mark. "You are undoubtedly the duke." said the biehop. " do you with to take this person's place. If so. I will send for L ely Gwendolina, and .ontinule the' ceremony so strangely, I may? say,'s?' iinusu-ally'fliterrtiiitd!" 'At that moment there wsws a ditrbance n on the fringe of the gaping crowd. In an. other moment a middle seed' virave with an umbrella and thres female friends had ap proached the marriage party. Seeing the sham duke the virr.n exclaimdl, "What. you villian. only just out of prison, and going to marry another gal." The false duke who had remained calm until now sank upon his knees in an attitude of terror I " Save me from that woman I" heshrinked, " and I will give up everythine." At this moment the M.srqeiai of S---, thi Prime Minister, stopped fnora-drl and ti·cr-? to the reporters in church, who lsere mtaline copious notes. " Gantlemrn of the prie=. he exclaimed, "I shall be insinitelv oh!i.'e ii you will keep all mention nt this preme:, affair out of the pasnr; for r"osanon o' s5at.' The reporters bowed and closed tlheir nots bonks. " Now, gentlemen," continnsr, r .- M.ýrlnia turning to us, "I shall be ohliored if you will both accompany me to the vestrv. a'l, madam (addressing the mi;ll.?e-ed virsee) if you will wait in me family per foa a few minutes with your friends, I shall take it as a personal favour." "Which, all four of us being true Cenasr. atives," said the lady, "we shall be bapav to oblige." They seated themselves. and .Tarvii and I went into the vestry with the Prime Minister and the bishops and the principal gnents. There the explanation was short. I con. fessed the robbery and the aasummtion of Jarvis's name and occupation, and related mI conviction for bigamy. The M?rquis then explained that J'r-cs having voted as a peer in the late division when he was not one. the fart of this bnhi. eres coo.slisng pllOlste wonst -" it,t iv.,,..- ,.a, government in a serions dilermmp.. Could we not come to a mntnual understanding and settle the matter privately? "Certainly," said Jarvis, "give me trwo ,housand pounds to take me to a far off land, where that virago cannot follow me, let me out at a side door, and you shall never bear of me again." I consented; the Marquis who had just the amount about him, kindly lent it to me, and the false duke vanished, to be seen no more. Then I put on the ducal robes, and inviting all the company to follow me.drove off in the ducal carriage to my town residence. There it was agreed to accept me as the duke, and to ?let mer take myplace in the 'House 'of Lords, and we further asreed that as the likeness of Jarvis to myself was no extra ordinary, nobody need be informed of the change. The servants, a' it was. all believed that I was the same duke who went out in the morning to be married. While we were diseunssing matters, the bishop, my cousin. who had staved behind at the church, came to inform us that the elderly virago was still here, waiting patiently, but that Lady Gwendnlina had rmmeturned to her home, a disappeinted and humiliated woman. Serve her right 1 She should not have refused me in the days of my poverty. An announcement appeared in -the next day's Mornipn Post, to the effect that on account of family matters the marriage of the Duke of FitzThomas and the Lady Gwen deolina Belvidere had been broken off. I was master of the situation. The next day I returned to Polly. I found her at her father's cottage. I told her all. She flung her arms about my neck, and whispered, " Oh, Tom, I am glad I am a duchess, but I can't love you any better t:-on I did when you were only n mounted .at:ol because I loved you all I could then." We are very happy. Polly makes a splendid duchess, and her old father has gone to Australia, and I allow him a thousand a year to stop there. He writes us now and then-his last letter told us how John Jarvis had taken a public house, and is doing well in Melbouirne. There is a middle.aged woman 'who passes her life between St. George's, Hanover Square, and the residence of the larquis of S--. She is trying to find out what on earth has become of Mr. Jbhn Jarvis. She believes he is some where or other getting married. Last night I made a great speech in the House of Lords. Polly wa/in the P.eresees" Gallery, and Lady Gwendolina sat next her. Polly says Lady G. never took her eves oil her diamonds. and she was crying wit?; envy every time they sparkled. 'olly married me when I was poor; Gwendollna wan?nte tc wait till I was rich. Polly has the diamonds. And I have the Garter. The Marquis of S---- was very gratiful to me for holding mJ tonguen, and gave me the Garter he had pro mised to the impostor, John Jarvis. I am to have a seat in the Cabinetdirectly there is a vacancy. I am glad 1 am a Conservativa. Qonservatives ar so gtateIul to their iee ia and always remember a sere-io done.. Sometimee at gacs meetinegs I see myold" inspector. HI'oe always comen And has a ihar, and .qhakes hands with Folly, and he never forgets to say, "Most extraordinary, your grace,. moso extraordinary bhiog I?ver saw in my life. I way deceived myself, you know, and so were all ihe mon; and, egad, I never look at yenou now but I see Jack Jarvise. the Mounted Patrol " GnoSoE R. Stat. 