An Old-fashlonotT Spectre.* The following narrative is takon from Mr. W^w Stead's second budget of ghost stories, constituting' tie New Year's number of the ¿îêîriew of Reviews: When I had walked (says the teller) about 10tt* yards away from my friends I saw »n the bank of the canal (which ruas parallel with the road for six;or seven- miles) what I thought at the-moment was anv old beggar. The spot was a very lonely one. Ther nearest house was-a good quat ter cía. mile away. The night was as-silent as death. Nota single sound broke upon the silence from any quarter. H couldn't help asking myself where thicold man had come from-to such a place. I had notr-aeen him ia' going down the road. I then turned round quite unconcernedly to haver another look at him,, and had no sooner done so than I saw within-half a yard of me one of the moBfc remarkable and'starfcUng sights I hope it will ever be my lot to see. Almost on a level with my own. face I saw that of an old man, over every feature of which the putty-coloured- Bkin was drawn tightly, except the forehead,, which was lined with deep wrinkles. The lips were extremely thin, and ap- peared perfectly« bloodless. The toothless mouth stood half open. The cheeks were hollow and sunken like those of a corpse, and the eyes, which teemed far back in. the middle of the head, were-' unnaturally luminous and piercing. This terrible object waB wrapped'in two bands of old yellow calico, one of which was drojvn undsr the chin and over the cheeks and tied at the top of the head ; the other was dracni round the top of the wrinkled forehead, and fastened at the back of the head. So deep and in delible an impression' it made on my mind thai; - were I an artist I could paint that face to-day, and reproduce the original (excepting, perhaps, the - luminous eyes) as accurately ns if it were photo- graphed. What I have thus tried to describe in many words I saw at a glance. Aoting on the impulse of the moment I turned my face again towards tho village and ran away from the horrible vision with all my might for about 60' yaids. I then stopped and turned round to see how far I had distanced it, and, to my unspeakable horror, there it was still face to face with me as if I had not moved an inch. I grasped my umbrella and raised it to strike him, and you can imagine my feelings whon I could seo nothing between the face and the ground, except an irregular column of intense darkness, through which my umbrella went as a stick goes through water. I am sorry to confess that I again took to my heels with increasing speed. . . . Having gone a few yards down a branch road, I determined te sppak with my strange pursner, whatever he was, and I boldly turned round to face him.for the third time, intending to a3k him what he wanted, &c.; He had not followed mo after I left the main road, but I could see the horribly fascinating face quite as plain as when it was close by. It stood for two or three minutes looking intently at-me from the centre of the main road. I then realised fully it was not a human being in flesh and blood, and with every vestige of fear gone I quickly walked towards it to put my questions. But I was disap- pointed, for no sooner had I made towards it tbaa it moved quickly in the direction of the village. I' Baw it moving along, keeping the same distance from the ground, until it reached the ohurohyard wall ; it then crossed the wall and disappeared near where the yew tree stood inside. The moment ifc disappeared I became unconscious. When I came to myself, two hours late», I was lying in the» middle of the road, cold and ill. The strangest part of my story yet remains to be told. My host, after questioning me closely in regard to the features of the face, the place I had first seen it,, and the spot where it had disappeared, told me that, fifteen years before that time, an old recluse, answering in every detail to my description calicoes, bands, and all-lived in a house whose ruinB still stand close by where I first saw it, that he was buried in the exact Bpot in the churchyard where I saw the face disappearing, and that he wasr a very strange character altogether. 