Fernbrook's Double. IcornuoHT.l ,/...?.? . . ? Romance of Maoriland. '? :' By Atha Westbury. ' - ? . ? ' ?'?'?vl CHAPTER IV. — (Continued). ? 'While the fiddles ore being tuned, and ?''thdplayors are preparing for honest Philip y .MasMiigor'a masterpiece, let me take up :,; , tho : wiuul ofHenneB and put back old Father Timo by six years. ? .The world was younger and brighter for Viotorino Hargrave, then only a strip of a'girl. just over her eighteenth birth-, 'day, a' birthday at which there had been ?', .an. innocent drinking of tea at Majo1' ?j? Htirgravo's cottage, on the oliff overlo'ok' i iiijj tlie'Waitamata. ?rj -.Major Hargrave is a \vidower,and ai poor J is Job. Ho is n man who has seen much 'Hifo. Eo has fought for Don Carlos, and ., /lorivus his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London . hiivu, in turn boon his home. He has Bpenfc some portion of hia days in South ! Amorioa, and is not unremembered in Mexico. But at' sixty-sevon he has had '?' enough of a nomad existence. '????'?; It is pleasant to romombor his wander \- rigs iiiul. 'relate his adventures whilo he rupnaes at uasc by his hearth ; ploasanter ( still to . hayo his clever, bright, graceful „ daughtoi', to .ministor to his wants, and. who makes a sovereign go as far ns two '? dispoiiBed by a' duller housekeeper. ?'' His cottage, at Parnell, ia the pink of neatness; very small, but seeming so 'much the snugger for its sinallness, daintily furnished with the relics . of ,,; larger and more splendid abodes, picked .(..up as occasion served. Victorino is one of those active spirits who rise early. ? She gives her mornings to household duties, and flits about light of foot, with Rloved hands, and broad linen apron. ..-..., .Th? .major, although a soldier of for tune,' lkus ever bean an honest man. It ...is his boast chat he has lived amongst [Spendthrifts and social Bohomians, and yet paid his way ; that no tailor remotn ' ,'bera him with a pang ; that no timeyel lowed page in a fashionable bootmakor'a ledger records his dishonor. ' In his retirement ho amuses himaolf ' with literature, and though this pastimo widens his narrow income, ho has more . prido in his achievements than in the re numeration. The dauglvftr is not so well aatisfisd with her surroundings. She has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for moro than ten years, but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go in her memory like a droam in the ' Arabian Nights.' To be rich nnd powerful, that is tho acino of her ambition. Sho asks her fatlier wonderingly, 'How he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brighter worlds.' Tho girl knows that with oven less op portunities, she is more accomplished, than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings bettor, plays moro brilliantly, has u moro general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, Buperior taBto in dress, and moro skill in \- '-'??- making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly I- iudulgont, praises Victorine's pretty looks, her sweet voico, graceful winning ways, her olevernnas, and gonoral good management, bne lives in an atmosphore of praise ; rises every morning to be ad mired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. The Lyndhursts are the major's nearost and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of 'Vietorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in the sum mer gloaming girl and boy have climbed tho oliff, above the noble bay, and horo have watched the Bhips glide to and fro, like grim «hosts in the fading twilight. Major Hargravo is at his boat as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a wholo library to him. He has ao embued his daufthter with a lovo of tho groat drama tist, that the girl haa a veritable passion for the art. Sho knows evory word of Juliet, Queen Katherino, RosnJinc, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Under tho major's tuition Victorino haB grown into a superb elocutionist. By the winter's fire, whilo hor father smoked Mb pipe, she has spouted the whole Shako _ operian round. He teaches her how tho ';;* most famous actress of his day used to 1 pause here, or linger fondly on a word :' there, or rise at auch a point to indignant passion. Ho remembers the great Siddons, how her awful whisper went through the gloom of the jtheatre, as if mocking the evil spirits. And Viotorine hangs on Iub words with delight;, and aBks him again and again to describe the wondrouB art. Alton Lyndhursb is three years Vic torino's senior, and is. fighting an uphill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time he can, Bpare from hia work is devoted to Major Hargravo's daughtor, for tho poor' penniless soribo s almost worships her. It is tho one gleam 'f of sunshine on his drudging life to read f Shakespoare with her, or to play Romeo ,'? to her Juliet. There is just enough in her unlikonesB to all other women to oatch tho fancy of tho dreaming en thusiast, who is as deeply smitten with tho only truo, absorbing, unohanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty two can be. So on that high oliff, porohod on the »oa wall, Alton tells Major Hargrove's \- daughtor his lovo. Alas ! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapoly hands resting on his shoulder, eyos looking into his, words coming swiftly, and^itlf^soba borne along the eloquent'-'-'voioe, she tells him. that if she could lovo anyone it would bo Alton. If sho could forget hor torriblo atruggloB with grim want, and resigu hor hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would bo for Alton. But it had been tho: dream of her life to bocomo rich and powerful ; to emerge out of the slough of despond, poverty, Into the olearer light Chat u bora c/f-nifluenoo. i)i Alton LyndhurBt goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strivos only as earnest mon strive when love dies and ambition is born. Before the year is out 'Victorino Har grave is married. Amid the fever of Parliamentary de bate, and the strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begun to agitato oven those remote colonists, Alton Lynd hurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in tho purity and goodnesB of woman had been overthrown like some rickety temple of frailost masonry, he had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him j hard, stern, unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption, had brought forth a latent power, til' then slutnboring, and the result was fame. Victorino Hargravo hod the gratifica tion of her darling wish untigfied, inas much as she wedded one of tho largest land owners in the colony. In the ab sence of good looks, youth, and that neoessary culture which lend idenl charms to love, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that we poor dreaming rogues rail against bo bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore, rail aB we may. Ah, rue. If Mrs. Vietorine Gay] and wns not thoroughly satisfied and happy in her married life, it wns, porohnnce, because she was a woman, and not tho fault of her lord and mas tor, who gratified every whim, every desire of her heart, so far as roady cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorino Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent but., two years, when she returned to New ? Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and' wealthy, Vietorine Gayland became 'the fashion and the rage amongst the upper ton, who neither toil nor spin. The wives ol the squattora and bankers who had hithorto shrugged their fair shoulders at Mnjor Hargrave's ponniless daughtor, were delighted with the brilliant, cap tivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by heretofore were glad at a nod of recognition from the queen, whose word was final. ?». She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst be timoB in thoso two years of her married life. Comparisons havo ;jarrod upon the sensitive cords of her nature whon she has pitted him in imagination against this money-getter who calls her wife. She has thought of him very ofton in her solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not come; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding his notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. Sho is amongst the first to read that book which lifts his namo at one bound into notoriety. Oh, how,, evory page preaches to hor of tho days that aro gone, of those unforgottcn days, when he wus hoi'8, lying at her ieetin the lato autumn twilights, with the broad full moon shitting upon tho sea. Ho has laid his own heart upon the dissecting tablo, anatomisedWts overy pulse. Sho knows now how utterly that heart was hors ; how torn and wounded by hor dosortion. She comes faco to face with him once moro in those vivid pages, and tho very brouth of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and tho smouldering lovo flames up with a brighter, stronger lire, and sho knows that Bhe loves Alton Lyndhuret botter, purer, than of old, and must so lovo him to the end of life. One day at a garden party, givon by tho popular member for Wost Auckland, Alton and Viotorine meet again. The bollo of fashion and tho rising author are both changed ; both aro accomplished in the polite art of solf-repression. She groots him with graceful tranquility, he with gracious candour. They talk of tho old cottage by tho sea walls of the dear dead father. From that time the idol of fashion and the popular author nro friends, but thero is no word of lovo be tween them. Tcnqma omnia rcvelat. Cast thy magic wand aside, 0, Horinos. Lift tho curtain again on tho group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. Tho thomo is still men arid books. Colonel do Roal is one of the latter party. Watch him as he sits with quiet mien listening to tho talkor. There is ono huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears liko a bonign smilo upon his faco. 'I often wonder,' remarks Fenton Grey, a noted musician, who has come down to spend tho winter at' the Rock, 'I ofton wonder that among so many books written for this age, there are so few that seem calculated to make people bettor.' 'My dear sir. goodness, from an (esthetic point of view, is tho reverse of interesting,' rejoins tho colonel, blandly. iei, uuiusmim naB ventured to dopict characters that are almost faultless,' an swors Lyndliurst. The colonel shrugs his shoulders. ' True,' lie says ; ' but Goldsmith was a humorist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humor removes the insipidity of bonovolence with his herots. Faust is not good, and Iago is simply execrable ; but whore can you matoh these for in terest. ' Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tention at tho speaker than ho has done hitherto. ' Then you deny that there can be any intorost in the kind at reading which may tend to raise tho whole tone of one's boing 1' ho asks. 'For my part I lovo Tennyson. Ono cannot road him without feeling better and braver.' 'Nay, virtue is so simple a matter, that it affords feV opportunities for art,' responds do Roal, in tho same quiot tone. 'Vice and-' crime aro many-sidod, and offor infinite msopo for the literary anato mist. Ouo Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, is worth all the col-i«'-#perfooti6n of yo'ur modern heroine.' -. !, The stago bell rings as AJtbn js about to roply, and that puts an end to 'all further controversy. Those who to'take part in the performance haste away 'to dress, and tho fiddles bagin to tune, for the over-j turo, Tlie moBt difficult part has fallen upon tho uuuillo of iho colonel ; but '♦' Sir Giles Overoaoh' fits him an if ho had made it a life-ljng study, Lndy Allworth finds a worthy representative; in Mrs. Viotorino Gayland. The riali widow is an artiBt of tho first order, as well as' a woman of fashion. ; .????'_' ' . Nino o'olock p.m.— Sottlo yourselves comfortably in your Boats. '.'A Now Way to Play Old Debts.' A play; by Philip Massinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a piece is just the thing for a drawing-room like this one. And tho costumos, so far as tho ladies are con corned, aro simply perfect. ? : Up with the curtain. A room' in Lady Allworth's house. Boudoirs, blue and gold, brocade and satin wood. The walls are paintnd white, carved garlands of flowers and fruit adorn the panelling. Old Venetian mirrors, reflecting dark blue delf and rare old porcelain. : Grim Fernbrook has been ransaoked to furniBh this scone. ? Ten o'olook. — The applause is loud and long. Hilton Fernbrook, who. has been lounging about moody and' silent, goes behind the sceneB. ' . _/ ... ' Ah, mon cher, how are you ?' cries the colonel. ?'Accept my congratulations,', ropljos tho young man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voico.: ' You are winning golden opinions, sir.' Colonel de Roal leads him aside. 'My Sou. If some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our ?nidnt, and raise the roofs off these people's brains, as Asmodous lifted the roofn of tho buildings in the city of Madrid, what' strange things we should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering.' ' Close by the wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. ' This night will make you famous,' he whispers. She lifts her eyes to his for a moment, then replies thoughtfully : ' If one did not seek to win fame thoro would be no such thing as greatnoss.' 'Tho most lasting fame has been won by goodness rather than talent,' ho an swers, coldly, and moves away. ,j The close of the entertainment is very ' brilliant, and merges at longth into a ball, when polkas and country dancoB usher in tho groy dawn of day. CHAPTER V. COLONKL DB 110A1. The ball whioh followed 0I030 upon tho heels of the dramatic entertainment, was at its height. From the half circular gallery above the gay throng, it soomed that the play had juBt begun. Those who had taken part in tho mimic sccncB here tofore were merged into tho pioturo, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustraded n'.irirway, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel do Roal passed onward- with measured tread to the suite of rooi. . heyond assignod to his use. He had n- '' ?.!, ,ngod one jot of hia costumo as Sir Giles 0 . urreach, except the heavy wig. He ntered his room, took a wet sponge,' and can-fully removed all trace's of the. dark V- which had been streaked' upon his fa..'- ??/ the costumiers, who had given, it tho in -a, stern aspect of the greedy, money-;' rubbing hero of Massin ger'a drama. VI1.',.- accomplished to his satisfaction, tho Colonel stood before the huge mirror and complacently stroked his large moustache reflectively for some considerable time. At tho further ohd of tho apartment there was an old woather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divors' colors still adhered to it, proving that: it had beou a great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel do Ronl's cogitations, they evi dently had Bomo conneoting lin'* with the valise, for, his thinking fit ended, he pro illinan n Ltayt tinirtnlrarl ^Vio rananffiiiln nti/1 took thorefrom some documents, together part of an old newspaper. Those he ; 'irust into his doublet. As ho waa abiwt to close the trunk a second thought seemed to occur to him, for he plunged his liand amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. ' GaBton do Roal, you have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature has not been improved by time ? mon ami. Trust no ono is a good maxim.1' Tho great est military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Csasar. Humph 1 rest there my friend till wanted,' he continued in a muttered tone. 'When one has to play with a skilled gamester it is well to have more than one trump card to hand.' With the same measured, soldierly tread, which appeared part and parcol of the man, he wont out along tho corridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had taken possession of tho grand staircase to kiss and flirt, and as cending a small ilight of stairs branching ' therofirom, ontored a ohambor sitnnted al most at the apex ond ot the building, Tho apartment was a Bort of 'retreat1 or smoking room used by Hilton Fernbrook, and on that account was held strictly private from all iutrusion by that gentle man's guests. Nevertheless, the Colonel marched in without ceremony. , ,-..... Hilton Fernbrook was soated, conning a rough chart spread out on i tablo bo ford him, whilo Timothy Sharpo, his man, introduced in the first chapter of this history as the Forrot, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. ,; .. The latter personage was evidently dis turbed at tho sight of the intruder, 'but Fernbrook roBe quietly and bado his visitor welcome. , '??':'?.. '? ,'Wo will defer yqurdeparturo, Sharpo,. until thejnorning,' he said, 'folding up' tho map* and plaoing it in, n.n 'iron box, which ho^ looked. '.'Now go.' ,-v 'Pray*, don't let trio disturb you, my dear Fernbrook, '.began the Colonel.' 'Be seated, sir. Tho'''ibnsiuess is of little importances,' rejoined Hilton; dri*wV ing an, eaBy chair towards tho nro. 'Good night. Sharpo. Close tho door.' ? ,., The Ferret bowed and retirod, but not through tho door which de Roal had en tered. Ho drow aside a thiok curtain which divided the room from a deap re-' cesafillod with uaolessguns, fishing tuckle, &c;, and made his exit through a low doorway behind it. . ? ?? The master of Fernbrook and his visitor wit in silence for suvural ..minutes aftoi? the departure of the Ferret. ,_?';.? 'My son, I foul inquisitive to-nightj'' said tho Colonel in his blandust (ono aftnr a lung pause. 'I'm afraid 1 lmvc an-* noyod youjjy coming hero ' unexpected ly.'- ?? ...??? :? ? ?'?';,; ' Not at all. Oolohol do Roal is quite at liberty to go where he pleases here at Fernbrook. But what are your dc sireB ?' ' ' What is behind that screen t' . . . 'Nothing but old lumber accumulated, the. Lord knows when or how.' . 'And the doorway there is itr the; re- cess V ' ' ' ' ' It leads to a passnge opening: 'to the. stables below, Hint's all.' 'Humph! Th io is but af poor, unat traotivo, apartment, mon chr.r, ,with bo ninny at, your command, and, vory much superior in tho way of embullishments.' Hilton Fornbropk turned and looked' full in the face of his companion. , , /'This room; suits mo,' ho responded slowly. ' Here I am socuro from in trusion. Crime- sir,' he added more quickly, '' you' liavo not sought me in my den to ask silly questions at two o'olock in tlio morning.' , ' No, ray son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that wo are free from intrusion ?' .-....? ..-. ' As free as if we wore but ' yonder on the ocean.' ? , ' , 'Good ! cried tho Colonel in his usual smooth voice. ''After all I have not ccme to toll of ghosts and goblins, and of mur dors done, .at' midnight. Neither have I any secrets of church or state, to unfold -at - this witching hour. . My dear bojv my sole errand is to bIiow you a paragraph in an oia nowspapor, wiucti may possiDiy interest .you.' ? ;. '. , . .. , '??? 'Thank you. ' What newspaper is it?' 'The ' Sydney Morning Herald,' boar ing date of 13th March, 18 ? ,' replied the Colonel. ; 'Twelve months'ago.' 'Exactly.' 'Tho news is certainly stale.' 'But perhaps none the loss interesting for all that. Some kind of information, like old wino, is all the better for being old. ' Shall I read tho paragraph V 'Do so.' Do Roal drow his ohdir nearer to the table, on. which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold eye glass with dtio care and nicety, he pullod forth the paper from his . doublet and began to reud. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his com panion with a Bmilo, but it was tho cold habitual smile of the practical man of tho world: Above it the eyes gleamed with a_ sinister expression of dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes like an over hanging thunder cloud. ' It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the ship Durham Gastlc, on voyage to Now Zea land, was none other than tho schoonor 'Seagull,' which disappeared bo mysteri ously from this port some months ago. It will be remembered that the Captain of tho 'Seagul ' engaged a crow of six men for a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crew mutinied, and put the Skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Hauti, and there . left him to his fate. By a pure chanco .Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board the S.S. Stoymbird a month afterwards, and brought on to Sydney more dead than alive after terrible suffering.' The reader paused, and looking at his companion, said— , . :''-,., ' My son, what do you think of it ?' Hilton Fernbrook Shrugged' liis broad shoulders. , ' 'Think of what, Colonel,? What in terest can 1 have in the doings of' such wretches?' . . , ' Meroly for study, dear boy. 1 know you are fond of describing tho motive power which moves the criminal class. Hoar tliis — ''It is known that ono of tho mutinous crew encased bv Cantain Bowls of tho ' Seagull ' was beyond doubt a noted criminal namod Victor Mauprat, an escapee from Portland. Prison, Eng land.' : '* Rumor hath it that this convict is weir educated and of good birth, liis father being no less a personage than M. Auguste de Mauprat, Consul at. Port Royal, and his mother Berth Pierrioiht, a Creole of good family in Jamaica, Wost Indies, Ho was sontonci-d to seven years' ponal servitude for killing a British officer in some gambling brawl, and has, so far, managed to elude recapture. It is also believi'd. that another of tho crew was former); Mauprat's man orvalot, and who, under tho noni de plume of tho 'For rot ' was known to tho continental police as tho most brilliant card-sharper of tho day.' Description of tho osoapoes,: — 'Mauprat — ago about 27, tall and gen tlemanly ; carriage, military ; com plexion, vory dark, bnt clour ; head, long; hair, black and curly ; forehead, high ; black piercing eyes, well out nose and mouth;' frame, strongly built; hands and feet small. , Mauprat has a peouliar gaol mark upon his shoulder'which, should easily load to the- detection of this dan gerous oriivuual.' : ??? ??.???' ? . '.VDbe'B this picture remind you:of any ono, you are acquainted with,- my dear Fornbrook 1' asks. the Colonel, taking his glas* from his'eyo. \- 'Why should it, Colonel do Roal ?' ' Obligo me.by looking in yonder mir ror-.while l/road this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat ' anys the Colonel, blandly. -.'. Pshaw I ', My doar sir,' c-..-d tho young man with a sharp laugh, ' ' your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yoursoli' at mj; oxpouao if it so ploasoB you, but priy s'elodt a moro fitting modol for my lili.0 ?ness..' ? , , ??'? ! ' ? ;»v VTh.0 Oolonel'fixod his glass and loolcod' at him with a cold a'tiVro of aurpriso, ^hioh' had in it a Hubllo touch/ of ' satariio 'humour;' 'whioh' might have = rpbbcc} van* .ordinary individual o'f hi^self:poss?s aiun.—To b» Gontijiued. ' '' 'jj, -hl'f4- ' 