'TO MAKE YOUR FLESH . CREEP.' Some . Prize Ghosts from Mr. Stead's Collection. (pall hall gazette.) ' Real Ghost Stories ' is a publica tion wbich may be regarded from two points of view. Some other day we may deal with its conclusiveness. To-day we consider it merely as 'copy.' On this side there can be but one verdict. Some of Mr. Stead's stories, from here, there, and every where, are real, good, old faBhioned Mood-curdlers ; and the whole six pennyworth offers, in good time for the proper Christmas-season, a better money's worth of nerre sharpening, curtain -drawing, bedtime-deferring, hair raising, nightmare-begetting, nightlight selling, and altogether soul-Batisfying cold shivers than the seeker after such things will discover in a score of Christmas numbeas and railway libraries. So now, as the fat boy said to Mrs. Wardle, ' I'm agoin' to make yer flesh creep ! ' THE CLAIRVOYANT AND THE MURDERER. The idea of using the clairvoyant as Ei spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an unknown murderer has always been a, fascinating one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in tbe vision tallied with the case afterwards got together against a particular man, who had a feud with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of ' not proven ' ver dict : — 'The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered ' to look for the place where the mur der had been committed and see tbe whole scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describe him and his home and the motive for the murder.' Miss Oisen then spoke aB follows, in great agitation, sometimea using violent ges tures. I took notes of ber exact words and reproduce them here folly : — ''It is between two villages — I see a road — in a wood — now it is coming — the gun — uow he is coming along, driving — the horse is afraid of the stones — bold the horse ! hold the horse ! now 1 now he is killing him — he was kneeling when he fired — blood 1 blood ! now he is running in the wood — seize him I — be is running in an opposite direction to tbe horse in many circuits — not oil any footpaths. He wears a cap and giey clothes — light — has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for a long time — grey- blue eyes — treacherous looks — great dark brown beard — bo is accustomed to work on the land. I believe he has cut his right hand. He has a scar or a streak between bis thumb and fore finger. He is suspicious and a coward. ''The murderer's home is a led wooden house, standing a little way back from the road. On the ground floor is a room which leads into tbe kitchen, and from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wis- efjeda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the passage. ' ' His motive was enmity ; it seems as if he had bought something — taken j something — a paper. He went away from home at daybreak, and the murder was committed in the evening.' ' Miss Olsen was then awakened, and, like all my subjects, she remem bered perfectly what she had been seeing, which had made a very profound impression on her.' | Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the scar on tbe band. The , clairvoyant had never seen the murderer ! in her life, and knew nothing of the circumstances. j WARNED IN VAIN. ? ' Supernatural' warnings are some times on absurdly trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against which they .warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumu lations of the S.P.R., which ' is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing ' within the sight of those to whom he bad revealed the vision.' The story in brief is as follows : — ' Mr. Fleet was third mate on the Bailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaide for London in 18b8. One of tbe crew, CJeary by name, dreamed before starting tbat on ChriBtmas morn ing, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, be was ordered with the rest of his watch ta secure a boat hanging in davits over the side. He and another got into the Uoat when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon hiui that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but be over came his scruples aud sailed. On Christmas Eve, wheu tbey were neariug Cape Horn, Cieaiy had a repetition of his dream, exact iu all particulars. He uttered a terrible erv, aud kept uiuliei ing, ' I know it -'ill couie true,' O.t Christmas Day, exactly as be had fore seen, CJeary and the rest of tbe watcn were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the circum stances of his dream had come true np to that moment, and if he went inio that boat he would die. He was taken below to the captain, aud his refusal to discharge duty was entered in the log. Then tbe chief officer, Douglas, took tbe pen to sign his name. Cleary sud denly looked at biui and exclaimed, ' I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream.' He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all making tight a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force tbat the crew would have been washed overboard bad they net clung to tbe mast The boat was turned over rod Douglas mid cleary were flung into 'he sea. They swam for a little time uid than wwtdofm, It wm jut three months of he hi-:l dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide.' a sister's dream. Here is another thiiiiing sailor-story bearing on tbe subject of apparition at the moment of death : — ' A great gust of wind seized the haif-siackened main-top sail and sent it fluttering into fragments. A t the same moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam-ends, and, above the howling of the gale, we heard a sudden cry o£ des pair. I was horrified to see an appren tice, J ? P ? , sent whirling from the mast head into the tea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on the upturned face, and I can hear the very tones of his heartrending err, ' Oh ! Lucy, Lucy,' as he disappeared in the darkness below. After the storm abated the captain made a careful note of the exact time of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my mention ot tne exclamation I had overheard falling from the poor fellow's lipsas he clutched in vain at the yielding air. ' - Ah.' he said, « tbat must have been his sister Lucy V ? , to whom he was greatly attached.' ' The rest of the voyage passed with out incident, and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made my way to the train which I was to take to Man chester. ' I wbs walking idly along the plat when I saw tbe face of old gentleman, who with a young lady on his arm, was elbowing his way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so striking that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a violent start, uttered a low scream and exclaiming — ' Oh, look, there's the face of my dream ! ' stared at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her to the nearest waiting room. As he passed he begged me to come with them and handed me his card. ' When we were alone tbe old gen tleman explained that the sight of my face had reminded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasant dream, to which she still persisted in attaching importance. He said, ' At the present moment, indeed we are on our way to discover if the owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival.' ' I said, 'Iaui an apprentice of the U ? ana nave out lately left her lying in the harbour.' ' ' Then,' the young lady cried, * I must be right. It must be true. It must be true. 'Twas that man's face gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pass before eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I woke per fectly satisfied to Dear tbe sound of my own name — ' O Lucy 1 Lucy 1 whis pered in my ears.' 'The expression of my face must have conveyed but too well the meaning of uay silence. ' ' My God,' cried Mr, ? , ' it is true then ? Is he dead ? ' ' I stammered — ' Too true, sir. Yes every word of it ! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him.' On comparing notes he found that the dream took place tbe very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even the very hour when the accident occurred ! ' A TERRIBLE HIDE. The scene of the following ghastly adventure is a solitary country road at night. We skip the rider's previous dream, and comc at once to the ' creeps ' : — 'Nothing remarkable occurred for the first half- hour. The moon was shining through a cutting where the hedges were a little higher than ordin ary. On arriving at this point he noticed that the horse changed his easy trot into a walking pace and seemed somewhat uneasy. However, the cut ting was passed, and again they were on the mponlight road, which he could see stretching away in front over the indulating bills. Cantering along they ' had not proceeded far before the animal dropped into a walk again. Encourage ment and caresses were vain, walk he would. Suddenly the horse came to a dead halt in the middle of the road. The suddenness of stopping nearly un seated the rider, but he urged tbe animal forward. The horse was in duced to walk on again, though appa rently very uneasy. ' They had not gone many yards be fore the borse stopped again so suddenly that he bad toclutch the animal's mane to prevent being thrown headlong upon tbe highway. Wbat was the mean ing of such strange behaviour? Then there flashed through his mind the circumstances of bis dream. Yes, there were all the accompaniments of I bis picture — the bay borse, the moonlit road, the sudden stoppages. Surely it was a whi ning. Twice had the crea ture ha'ted, and he recollected bis dream tu«de. him the third tine fall bead foremost on tie rotd. He 40c off and throwing the bridle over his arm, coaxed tbe horse to move onward. He noticed tbat the animal was covered with perspiration, as if after a hard gallop, and that be was trembling violently. Repeatedly, too, he glanced searcbingly at the hedges. What could be tbe matter % ' The Btrange conduct of the horse becaatne yet stranger. More suddenly than before tbe animal came to a dead holt. The animal was in deep distress. His nostrils were distended; sweat covered his limbs : his eyes were bent in one direction, with every symptom of terror. Not seeing anything re markable at first in the direction in which the borse was gazing, Foster to nge him onward — in vain 1 Passing round to the other side of the animal's head, Foster was induced to look more closely towards that por'.ion of the somewhat low hedge which the horse intently regarded. ' There, in tbe moonlight, hanging, bending limp and apparently lifeless onr this body: of * t»U man. With arms outstretched, the figure seemed touching the ground with his fingers, the legs being the other side of the bedge. Wbat was his horror to see the body move 1 Slowly, mechanically, the long arms were out stretched ; uplifted ; the body swayed up, up; and there in the bright moon light was the face. How ghastly it looked ! The glassy eyes were staring at the young man, whose blooded chil ling in his veins. Motionless, upright as an elui, with outstretched arms, stood the gaunt spectre. Its throat was cut, ' There stood the group. The horse terrified ; the young man speechless, terror-striken ; and the hideous some thing seemingly regarding tbem with his stony gaze, while blood appeared to flow from its lacerated throat. How long he remained Foster could not tell, but, after an interval tbat seemed au age, the horrible vision began, as Blowly and mechanically as before, to bend its erect body forward, until it resumed bs former position, hanging over the hedge. ' With a mighty effort the young man induced the horse to move on once more, and on looking back he was startled to again to see the erect figure of the nocturnal spectre — uplifted arms, ghastly features, and blood-red throat. Just as slowly as before the tall body bent forward ; the arms dropped down, down, until some inter vening bushes shut out the horrible apparition from view. ' Foster reached home near mid night. Afterwards he learnt that a man had been murdered on the very spot where he had seen tbe tall figure.' AN EERIE STORY FROM THE SHETLANDS. Here is a sample of the narrative repeated in good faith by the super stitious folk of the remote Sbetlands : One day in 1830, a fisherman of tbe name of Grey found tbat when return ing home from fishing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars ; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, thinking he might have got en tangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. He thought he might have struck on a hidden, shoal, and rocked the boat. She rocked freely, showing there was water under her keel. Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror he saw a man whom he knew had been dead for six months holding on to tbe stern post. This men was one with whom be had roine little quarrel, and Grey besought biai to free the boat, saying that he hud hoped that death would have cancelled all enmity between them. Without reply ing, the man still held on, and at last, in despair. Grey took his axe and backed off the stern post, when the boat at once shot forward. Tbe man, however, cried out that Grey and he should meet again in six weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and tolii his family and friends of tbe occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time the dead man bud named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A son of Robert Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate, keeping a sailor's boarding house in Antwerp, but there are many in the Shetland Isles who well remember the circum stance, and seeing the boat with the stern post cut off.' GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take many and various forms there are a few nrettv terrifvinr» nn« in Mr. Stead's collection. There are diabolical faces and mutilated trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed ac count of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body ' burning from within, outwards unconsumed.' There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bedclothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of material and im material. There is even a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly deg, which actually bit the porter in the calf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come across of a ' warm, soft, and plump' ghost — but the poor thing only consisted of a hand and arm. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit itself out, it seemf, with the very parts which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on the back : — ' About the middle of the first decade of this century, their lived in a little seaport town of Girvan, in South Ayr shire, a young man and his sister ; they were warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was intimately acquainted with tbe young woman. The brother followed the precarious and dangerous vocation of a fisher, and our story begins with the loss of his life by the swamping of his boat in 1 sror ' For a week or two hi» sinter was ( inconsolable; hor mind dwelt in iru ? agination on the loved fon.u of (m : brother tossed amongst tbe weeds anu 1 ooze on tbe bed of t he ocean, the food for fishes, and the dwelling place for creeping things,' [At this stage the body was dis covered in a rocky part of the coast owing to a singular vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to tbe town ; an incident remarkable in itself, but not to our present purpose. The corpse, which was much decomposed, had lost the right baud. This mutilation made a deep and painful impression on. the sister's mind.] I 'Ever and anon, she would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her own hands, and bewailing the loss of her brother's hand. ' This continued for about a week, until one night, preparatory to going to bed, ehe had undressed ; but before she had got into bed, overcome by the force j 1 of her emotions, she threw her face on j 1 the pillow and burst out weeping, and | bemoaning the lost hand ; but scarcely i Jiad^hp done so whan, with a cty of - for, the fnup ihi tod, . ?; . i, ,v J j ? * 'Her cries soon brought the other inmates of the house to her room, and whon questioned she informed them that when she had thrown herself on tbe bed, she felt some one give her a slap on tbe back, as if with the open hand ; aud that the place where ehe was struck was still prickling from ths effects of the blow, and put her hand over her shoulder to point out the place where she was struck. . } ' They examined the place, and over the ahoulder-blade, in livid blue, was the impression of a man's right hand.' 