FICTION. Frnni English, Atutrlcito* and Other periodical!* HANKED, BUT LIVING. PART II. THE DAWN OP THE NEW LIFE. I opened my eyes on the blackened ceiling of a room. A I was lying on my back, the ceiling was naturally the first thing that met my sight. All that I could make out in the confused sense of awakening and of wondering where I was and how I came to be there, was that I lay on a sort of raised board or trestle ; that I was encircled in a soft, mellow light that seemed to come from behind my back, and that the room was small and narrow and shaded from the light of day by heavy curtains drawn closely over the window at the further end. The next thing I became aware of was a dull, dead, aching pain about the ntck ; that my Deck was en- closed in a kind of iron collar, such as I had seen round the throats of men in armour, and than I could turn my head neither to the right nor the left. When I had realised these few things I remained still for a moment staring at the ceiling, then slightly lifted one arm. As I did so there was a movement by my side, and a voice sounded in my ear3 : " Lie perfectly still," it said ; " don't move until I tell you to do so." In the same instant a detaining hand was laid on my shoulder, and »face the face of a man, looked into mine. I could not call to mind that I had ever seen the face before. The result of his inspection seemed to satisfy the man, for after a minute he drew back with a sigh of relief. Placing his hand on my pulse he took out a watch and studied it. I looked at him and he looked at me for a moment, Then I opened my lips to speak, but he stopped me with a motion of his hand. " You may ask me what questions you please," he said. " I don't bind myself to answer all or any of them. What is it you wish to know ?" "How long have I been here?" I asked, in a faint, weak voice, that sounded like the ghost of my own. The doctor remained silent for a while, as is con- sidering his reply. "About twenty-four hours," he answered at length. " It is now a little after 9 o'clock in the evening-you were brought here yes- terday evening." The next question that rose to my lips was the question that bore relation to the position in which I found myself. " How bave I come here?" " That I am not at liberty to tell you," he an- swered, " beyond this, that you were conveyed to this house direct from the place of your execution." I started and shuddered as he said the last words -it brought me back to myself with such terrible Buddenness. It seemed though I still heard the roar of voices, that I was still under the tree, with the rope around my neck and the cart moving away from my feet, until I, all at once, awoke again with nothing real but the figure of the doc- tor standing by my side watching me. He smiled slightly as he saw my wondering face. " I see you do not quite understand," he said. " I thought I had been hanged," I exclaimed con- fusedly, looking up at him. " So you have," he answered, " with this differ- ence : the law said you were to be hanged by the neck-but the law hung you by the chin instead. That was not the fault of the law, it was the fault of the rope which slipped as you were swung off. You were left there for dead, and you were cut down and carried away and brought here to me under the cover of the night. I saw the law's blunder. I saw that I could bring you back to the life you had left. Yet to all intents and purposes you are dead-dead in the eye of the law 'that condemned you, dead to all the world but me. Had they been a little later in bringing you here, you would have been dead in fact, as well as in name. Five men out of six would have succumbed under the shock. You are" she sixth man, and you have lived through it. That is all it is necessary for you to know at present. Later on, I have something more to say. One warning I bave to give you, lie perfectly still as I place you-so." He slightly raised me as he spoke, then turning what seemed a screw at the back of the board raised my head a few inches higher. " No one will enter this room but me ; you are safe from all discovery ; do you understand ?" I nodded slightly in reply. "That is sufficient," he answered. "I shall not have occasion to speak to you until it is necessary to do so. Try not to think of what hag happened. The les3 thinking the better for you. There is no more to be said." Thus speaking he walked across the room. I heard the door opened and gently cloBe and locked on the other side. I was alone. For some time after he had left me I lay there s tarin cr at the ceiling with a world of thoughts all jumbled together in blank confusion whirling through and through my brain. Yet, somehow, I could make nothing out of it all but this-that in the passage from life to death, and death to life again, a great mist had risen between my other existence and me, a mist that shut me out from all 1 things that were of the world in which I had existed ¡ that I had been born and died and lived again : that I was beyond the reach of the law that had killed me, beyond the touch of mankind, and that, somehow or other, the doctor was mixed up in it all. I had got thus far when a sense of weari- ness began to steal over me, my eyes slowly closed ; all things faded into the blank of a deep sleep. When I awoke the doctor was again by my side with his watch in his hand and his fingers on my wrist as before. . " You have been sleeping," he said j " it is better so, Drink this," placing a glass of liquid to my lips. I did so. A delicious sensation of warmth and strength gradually suffused itself through my rame. I began to feel hungry. The doctor looked at me attentively for a few moments as if watching the effects of the restora- tive. " Now, I think, yon may take some nourishment," he said. Thus speaking he left the room, returning in a few minutes with a tray on which was food. Seating himself by the bedside he fed me with his own hands. When the meal was finished the doctor stood up and looked at rae with a supremely satisfied air. " I think he will do," he said at length, more to himself than to me. " One more victory for Bcience." His eyes lit up as he uttered these words. A bright smile flashed across his face ; it was gone instan- taneously. The light in his eyes died out, leaving the countenance cold and gray and impassive as before. He turned to me. " You will remain here for four days more," he said, " that is the time I esti- mate it will take to bring you round. I shall see you at intervals of a few hours while you are here. When you are fit to move I shall tell you BO. Any- thing more than that it will not be necessary for j me to say. Above all, let me give you one warning. Do not ask more questions than you can help." J I was left alone once more-alone amid the silence of my own meditations-a silence broken only by the measured regular ticking of a clock somewhere in the roora. Slowly, heavily the time wore on, while Beconds changed into minutes, and minutes into hours. At the expiration of the fifth hour,the doctor came into the room again; he walked up to the bed and looked at me for a moment. If I had expected him to say anything I was disappointed, for after watching me for a minute, he left the room, only to return in a few moments with another tray of food. In silence he again took his seat by the bedside ; in silen ;e he again fed me ; in silence he left me when the meal was finished. Something in his manner repelled me and forbade me addressing him. Thus at regular intervals the doctor came to me and gave me my medicine and food and watched the progress of the case but never spoke. On the morning of the second day following my first awakening to the new life, he took the iron collar from around my neck and placed me in an uptight position on the bed. The first sensations then pro- duced were not pleasant. Perhaps I may best describe them by saying that I felt as though a new head had just been placed upon my shoulders. My neck felt very stiff and sore, but this soon wore away, and by night I was able to mpve about as freely as I had ever done. On the morning of the third day the doctor brought a huge armchair into the roora, and placed it by the window. .Then, assisting me to rise and dress, he led me to the chair and sat me in it. Having done this, he extinguished the light of the lamp, which had never ceased burning from the time I was first brought into the room. Coming back to the win dow, he drew aside the curtains, arranging them BO as to hide me from view, and let in the light of day For a moment my sight was dazzled and blinded with the rays of the sun shining through the win- dow, and I lay back in the chair with my eyes closed, scarcely daring to open them, scarcely daring to believe that I lived in the radiance of the autumn morning once more. When at last I opened my eyes the doctor had gone. He had never once broken the silence through it all, nor did he speak again until the hour came for me to go. Two days longer I remained in the chair by the window. That made five days in all Bince I had been brought to the house. On the night of the fifth day I had been more than usually wakeful, but toward twelve I fell into a light sleep, from which I was awakened by a touch upon my hand. I started up. The doctor was standing over me. " I have to tell you," he said, " that your recovery is complete. The time I spoke of has come. It is now one hour before sunrise, and light enough to walk. I have chosen this as thp best of all times, because it is the time when scarcely any one is awake, and you will, therefore, be safe from observation. Get up and dress. Here are your clothes," pointing to some wearing apparel that was lying on the chair. Without replying in words, I rose as I was bidden and slowly dressed myself, the doctor watching me the while. When. I had finished dressing he turned, and, motioning me to follow, left the room. " Softly," he whispered as he went out " I have a servant sleeping in the house." We stole gently down the stairs into the hall. Here the doctor gave me a hat, and, taking a long, light overcoat from a peg on the wall, gave me that alBO. " You may want it," he said. " We are much the same build, and I can Bpare it." When I had donned the coat, he lifted a small knapsack from the ground and strapped it on my back. "It. contains linen and food," he went on, " and this will be useful (patting a thick stout ash stick into my hand). I I turned as if to go. 'One moment : I have something to say before you leave me," he exclaimed. Placing his hand in his pocket he drew out home money wrapped in a piece of paper. " Here are two sovereigns to help yon on your way," he continued. " It is all I can spare, for I am but a poor man. One thing more I have to say. The law counts you as among the dead-give the law its way." Thus speaking he opened the street door. In the same moment the bells of the neighbouring churches chimed the hour of five. I stopped for a moment irresolutely, and then turned to him. " You have brought me back to life," I said, half timidly. " I must hold that in my grateful remembrance. You will let me know the name of my benefactor ?" " That is not necessary-added to which I have my own reasons for preferring to conceal it," he answered, dryly. " For what I have done I need no thanks. My work has been not for you but for science." I went out upon the step. " There ia one thing that it occurs to me to ask," I said, turning to him once more ; " you will keep the secret of my exist- ence ?" " Go your way," he answered ; " it's no concern of mine ¡ the law has parted with you ¡ let the law gat you again if it can." The door closed behind me, and I found myself alone in the street-out in the world, in the dawn of my new life-born again at 3 o'clock in the morning with two sovereigns in my poclet. It is difficult for me, writing at this distance of time, to recall what my first emotions were, as the realization of the awful strangeness of my position thus broke upon me in all its force. A dazed, be- wildering sensation, something akin to that of a man who had been buried under the ground for a long time and should find himself suddenly taken out of the grave, recalled to life and set upon his feet in the heart of a city utterly unknown to him. Only three things were clearly borne in upon me. There was the sky above my head and the ground beneath my feet, and there was I, the man who, to all intents and purposes was dead. Even then I could scarcely bring my mind to bear on the situation. I put my hand abstractedly in my pocket and my fingers touchod the sovereigns. Curious as. it may appear, the touch of the money recalled me to myBelf. " Well, there's no mistake about these," I thought. "After all, I am luckier than the majority. Most men are born with less than two sovereigns." (To be continued.) 