(Eltiiftarn'jg d u t l t t m i i . K THE LOWER BI'REAV DLl VWlCil t-tn.iii,-o tli.'Jigs iiave HJ.[';IEIUD in t>:j i;» iL-.;rl>:iie raiKte, in the cilv ot hich, aiucu that j-.m^ei'sji-'a dovvulail, itiu calJifl the Iturbsiie Hotel; tja' it 15 icublful v. Iiethi-r lis thick atuuo v.-aii^ wciy nr niuteiuipriced than oa tho ni^hc ii.ii-11 t; American buy was rouoed in his r-.Kitu tiUiL-tit at niidnigbt i>3 T » lad clad in \Ettc coaluuie, who uiade the kUiSiid— " Vuu have ajy grandfather's skull hera. I ant It, pleiiie : 'iho liurbido liotel is not a ghojlly old lace full of Calk turners and niy«teriou3 pasives, but a modern JstruciukB built after Che exican fa&hiou;, around large courtyards with , lenty of iight and air. And Harry Spauld- . ng, upon whom the demand was made, was et there atone with the Aztecs and the reains of their ancestors. There were other mericans in the building that night, some of hem perhaps immediately beneath him; for arry was ti^e youngest member of a party of mi ricau tourists who were visiting the_ old ztcc capital, and a small room had been given im in an upper part of the house. There were even more visiting Americans han these 111 the Mexican cajiital at the time. company of Aine ican performers were laying in the National i heatre, or, as the exicans call it, the Teatre RacionaL These E ^ ^ S ^ r R i ^ usiness of travelling among the capitals of entral and South America, Mexico, and the arger towns of the West Indies, and often they ere away from home for montbB at a time; nd losing a comrade here and another there y desertion or fever, and engaging some local ei former when they could to till the vacant lace, they always returned from a tour with everal new members. Yet with aii these Americans in the same ity with him, and many more who live here permanently, - . - - Harry Spaulding , . - , was ,, atktd to give up the skull of the Aztec lads ranofather. A nq the worst of it was ou tnat iehc .. he had two skulls in iho lower drasver of is bureau. . . It was through following a bad example «hat he hap^entd to have those skulls in his bureau stiange ustom of leaving the skulls of their ancestors xposed in ti e old cemeteries. Sometimes these skulls—hundreds of them—are piled up pyramids. More frequently they are laid m rows rows or or geometrical tigures ngures on on old o,a torub- tomb tones. But wherever they are they are re are onco^m or to -te,f<-w, ththe-n- y way would bring a mob of infuriated natives about him in a moment, if he should be discovered ; and if he escaped with ouly a severe handling without beingkilled on the spot ; he might count himself fortunate. . Several of the Americans in Harry, party had been mean enough to steal some of these skulls for reli:s. Probably tbey did not know what severe consequences would follow if they should be caught; but even tho despised Aztecs know better than to" desecrate a tomb. However, the Americans stole the skulls, and they were not caught, and for several days the secret was whispered about among the Americans in the hotel, and the skulls were occasionally shown to particular friends. Then came the news that these Vandals had risked their lives without knowing it to get theskulls, and the ghastly relics were thought more valuable than ever. Unfortunately Henry Spaulding heard about the skulls, and as a great favour hj was allowed to see them, and when he learned what a risk was run in getting them he determined to have a skull himself. Let in charitably believe that if he had stopped to consider he would not have done such a thing, and that it was the love of adventure, not a desire to possess a skull, that induced him to , . - , it; but whde his father was away for several. days making the ascent of the mountain Popocatepetl, he ran the risk B e h 0 t e l Wlth t a^^/ l h^l,f W r 0 0 m ° SkulU n i} From locked that tnem moment m His room. he In knew no peace of mind while the wretched skulls were in his possession. Elated with the success of his venture, proud to have done something that was highly dangerous for a man, he ran dovrnstairs. In the front courtyard he found the Americans gathered in groups, all talking earnestly and in low tones. Evidently sometbingwas wrong. "What is it? Wlat is it all about?'he as-ked of a young fellow-traveller whom be knew welL . "It means that there tre some blockheids America as well as in ether countries,'' was the reply. "But they don't .il-.v.iys stay at home. Some of thor.i are in Mexico at this minute, and a nice scrape they've got tin s'.lves into. They'll b." 1 . io-Aed up at the least if the mob doesn't kill them on the way tc s^ol." " Loc-kcd up'" Harry e^elai'-iivd. "Why, have ;iny of oar feli..';vs bi-ja doing anything " Doing anything 1 They've been robbing graveyards, that's ail; end it's a w r ondar they weren't killed on the spot. But it's made a nice row all over th9 city, with a great crowd of dagoos hunting" for the Americans with knives, and the American Consul's been here, and officers with search warrants. Some of our narty have been stealing skulls out of a graveyard, and if they're found out 1 don't doubt they'll be killed. The flush on Harry's cheeks was no longer a flush of triumph. It came from a very different emotion. Mobs! search warrants! atd two stolen skulls lying in his room. He turned away and walked several times up and down the big courtyard. What could he do ? If there was ouly some way to get rid of the miserable relicB. He thought out every possible plan. Throw them out of the window? Yes, and have a crowd collect around them in the street or the yard; that would be suicidal. Burn them ? He had no stove or fireplace. Bribe the waiter boy to take them away? He spoke no Spanish. Besides, how could he trust this boy, who was himself an Aztec, and would doubtless betray him ? Then, being an American boy, he hit upon the rigbt idea. In one of the groups in the courtyard was an intimate friend of his father, a middle-aged man, who had not joined in the Popocatepetl party on account of a slight illness. He would tell him everything, and ask his advice. Waiting for an opportunity he drew this gentleman aside. "Is there going to be trouble about the skulls, Mr. Gray," he asked in a low voice. " Serious trouble, I am afraid," Mr. Gray answered. " I have two of them, sir, up in my room." ' What!" Mr. Gray exclaimed. "Twoof them, sir," Harry repeated. "I got them this afternoon before there was any trouble about them. Now all I want is to get rid of them, and as father is away, I thought I would come to you for advice." "My dear boy," said Mr. Gray, laying tis band affectionately upon Harry's shoulder, " what a thousand pities vou did not come to n e for advice before you did such a thing. This is a serious business. Does any one know \ ou have them ?" " "Not a soul, sir," Harry replied, " Then let me think a moment. In your father's absence I shall try to act for you just r b he would if he were here, but you must do just as I tell you. You say these—these irticles are in your room. Then goto your 100m and wait there till I come. When I <ome I shall bring a large satchel with me and take them away in it. It is better that they should be found in my possession than in jours."' " No, sir," Havrv replied firmly. " Excuse n e, but I cannot do that." "You were to do just as I told you," Mr. Gray said. "Yes, sir; but not that. I, too, want to ait in this trouble just as I should if my father v, ere here, and he would not let me shift my own danger to the shoulders of a friend. Some ether way than that please, sir." "Harry, you are too brave a boy to be lobbing graveyards," said Mr. Gray with a mellow look in his eye. _ "Then go up to your 100m and I will follow in a few moments without a satchel, and we will make some temporary disposition of the miserable things." Ten minutes later the two skulls were, by Mr. Gray's advice, laid away in the lower drawer of Harry's bureau, from which all the boy's clothes had been taken. "They are better so than locked in your trunk," Mr. Gray said. "If they are found here theie is no proof that you put them here; they might have been left in the drawer by some former occupant of the room. But if they should be found in your trunk that would be strong circumstantial evidence against you. Now I will devise some way to dispose of them." Though Mr. Gray had promised to dispose of the skulls, it was no easy matter in a strange city, whose customs and language he was entirely unfamiliar with. He took a cigar and went out into the street, bhe Calle San Francisco. His walk was interrupted by a young man who put out his hand saying:— "Good evening, Mr. Gray. This is a great time you Americans have been making over at the lturbide. I hope you are not one of the skull-stealers.'"' " Why, JoEe Molina!" Mr. Gray exclaimed, warmly grasping the proffered hand. "I heard you were in the city, but I have not been able to look you up as you know I do not go to the theatre. I hear you have beoome a great actor." "Hardly so much as that," the young man laughed; " but things have changed a little with me since I was one of your office boys in , New York. I tell them I am not an actor at *H, but a trickster, an acrobat, a ventriloquist. But they eeein to like me, and it pays. Tell uiq bow you happen to be in Mexict. It is natural enough for me to be here, for I am a strolling i player, and know Mexico as well as I know New Yoik. You know I am a native of Kio Janeiro, and this American company picked , me up theie, and we are working our way \ slowly towaids New York. But you *''' : 1 j " i am merely making a short visit here with a party of A mericau tourists," Mr. Gray re- ; : 5><it-d. And they have, as jou 6ay, been doing Icolirh ihir.gs with the skulls, liy tbe-way, ] : Jose Molina, you tay you are acquainted with Mexico ; then you are just the man to give me j tome a-tUtance. If I choula tell you that a j parliculiir fritiid of tnine has two of tliose tkuils in his po.-sessicu, and that we are at a loss to know how to dispose of them, could you help ns i" "Decidedly 1" the youn man exclaimed. "Help you? I'll do much ore than that to c blige Mr. Gray. I'll tak« -hem away myself. Its j/eifectly easy. Whc-rjjs your friend V " He is at- the lturbide Hotel," Mr. Gray answerc-d. " He is only a boy, who has thoughtlessly done this foolish thing. Do I say ti.at he has done it ? I mean to say tnat the two—the two objects are in his room, ;.ad that who put them there remains to be 6een. But they must be taken away." "I see, I see!" the young man laughed again. " They shall disappear to-night. And Low I shall enjoy a little lark like this ! I've not had one of my frolics since I came to Mexico. A boy, you Eay? Then here's a bargain:—The two objects shall disappear to-night immediately after the performance, which will end shortly before midnight. A boy? Hal ha! You know I have turned ventriloquist, Mr. Gray, and I'll give this grave-robbing boy just a little bit of a fright. But meanwhile yon are to mention this to nobody, not even to the boy. When tho sun rises the objects are gone. * I do not care to know the boy's name. If y^u agree, I imed only the number of his room aud the location of tho objects." "But how is it possible, Jose, ftir you to—" "It is the easiest thing in the world," Jose replied, "if you leave ir to me. It is a bargain":"' "Yen were always w-o; thy of trust, Jose, and 1 tiust you now,"' Mr. Gray replied, tkking his hand again. "B;:t you must not frighten the boy too badly. The number of his rccrn is fcS, and tho objects are in tho lower drawer of his Cureau." As Jose Moiina stopped gayly off to the tiieatic he luight easily have been mistaken fir a Mexican. wi;h his short stature, his rich browa eeu:]'kx;on, and his velvety eyes and straight black hair. Thus it happened that a iitile before 12 that n : ght a jieun liny, in bare fci t, hatlef-s, trousers lulled rp to bis knees, shirt open at tlie throat, cariyirg a cohered basket on his head, and with a porter's badge carefully uiad« of tinfoil bur g from his neck by a leather thocg, entered the lturbide Hotel, his badge taking him past the watchman without question. Midnight would be a late hour for delivering bundles in oiler countries, but it is early enough tosxeite uo comincnt in a Mexican hotel. Tap ! tap ! tap! at tho door of No. SS. *'Who is it?" asked Hairy Spaulding from v ithin, starting nervously from the uneasy tleep into which be had fallen. " A friend," responded the peoa boy in a low voice. "A friend from sir. Gray. Be quick !" The mention of Mr. Gray's narno disarmed Harry's fears, and he unbolted the door. The peon instantly pushed his way into the room, Eet down his basket, and bolted the door again. "You have my grandfather's skull here," caid he in the most matter-of-fact way. "I want it, please." " You — did — you — say—you—" Harry gasped, leaning against the bed and holding to the post by one hand, all the colour gone from l is face in an instant. "Don't keep me waiting, please." said the ]ceon boy. " I have brought a basket for it." Did ever messenger go about an errand with such fatal ccolness? His grandfather's skull, please; and he had brought a basket for it! Harry seized the bedpost now with both hands, and a cold perspiration moistened his brow. "I—I—I know n-n-nothing about your gr—" he stammered. But before he could finish the sentence there camc a sepulchral voice from the bureau : " I'm in the lower bureau drawer, Jose!" Harry shook like a leaf. His knees refused to support him, and be sank upon the bed, his teeth chattering. Had an ordinary conventional white ghost appeared in the night he would most likely have laughed and thrown the pitcher at it, for he was not in the least Euperstitious. But a common street boy, a young Aztec Indian boy, coming to bis room at midnight, and coolly demanding his grandfather".-. skull, was too much for his overstrained nerves, and bis muscles gave way. Jose paid 110 attention to the frightened boy. but stepped quietly to the bureau and opened the drawer. Then he took up one of the skull?, held it in his arms, patted its smooth crown, and stroked it as one might stroke the curly bead of his child. After a moment of this he picked up the basket and began malting a nest in the loose straw with which it was filled. Then the skull spoke attain. " There's another one there'." " All right, grandpop," said Jose with the utmost coolness, as he took a handkerchief f 1 om his pocket, wrapped it around the skull, pnd laid it carefully m the basket. Having deposited the basket again upon the fioor, Jose returned to the bureau and lifted cut the other skull. The instant h« looked at it he had every appearance of being nearly as much frightened as Harry. He set ib down vponthe bureau as quickly as though it had been red hot, and cried out as loudly as he thought he could cry with safety. Then he sprang to Harry's side and shook him. "Boy, boy, what have you done? Fly, fly for your life before it is too late. Yonder lies the skull of Montezuma, the beloved father of his people." The shaking and this latest fright brought Harry partially to his senses. He was about to speak, when the words were taken out of his mouth by the skull upon the bureau, which hoarsely mumbled:— " Water! Water 1 As you hope for mercy, give me water 1" This was too much apparently for the stoical Jose. He sprang from Harry's side, snatched up his basket, and in an instant was unbolting the door as if to escape. ; The honor of the situation gave Harry new ' strength, and he bounded to the door and seized Jose by the arms. " Do-not leave me ' with that—that—gentleman on the bureau!" he begged. " I did not mean to do you any I barm. I didn't know the other gentleman was rcur grandfather. Upon my word I didn't. Please don't leave me alone with that skull that talks.'' Then a bright idea struck him. "Take him, too," he added. " Boy," Jose responded, incool, butthought- ! ful tones, " you know not what you ask. And : yet—and yet"—he hesitated—"if one of us must die, why not L, and let him live who has j everything to live for? But my aged father? I am his sole support. If I make the sacrifice, j I leave the aged one penniless." ! No, no," Harry exclaimed, snatching his j purse from the washstand, where he had laid f it. " Here is gold: take all I nave. If anything happens they shali all be provided for—your whole family—when my father gets back. Oh, do take them both away !" JoEe looked contemptuously at the purse, but took it. " Ah ! gold ! gold '." be muttered. " Base, treacherous gold, what awful sacrifices for thy worthless sake are made: But" (turning to Harry) " it is not enough. Remember, my young life is at stake." " My watch," Harry gasped, "my rings, my clothes—every thing in the _ room ! Oh, do please take them both away !" "A watch," Jose repeated, soliloquising again. "Watches mark the swift passing of the hours, and mind us every moment that that may be our last. Get me the watch, boy." So saying he turned from the door, and Harry released his hold. While the quaking boy produced the watch, which, together with the purse. Jose thrust into his pocket, the peon boy lifted the other skull from the bureau, and savincr:— "Corned Monty, we're going now," thrust it quiokly into the basket beside the other and was gone. A minute later an ordinary peon boy, with a porter's badge that protected him from police interference, was walking leisurely down the street with a basket on his head. When Jose Molina met Mr. Gray at breakfast next morning, he handed over to bim the watch and purse. But Harry Spaulding j . ; ; ; ; | ] i '. { jIIj;jj j I:!j'(' ? ? lay abed with a headache.—Harper's Young People. 