How Depositors Pared, When an individual or a corporation is in financial difficulties and two courses aro open for a way out of those difficulties, it is an advantage to have outside and independent examples for guidance, especially if the choice lie between a rapid remedy "by slaughter of the assets, regnvdless of the loss or ruin to the estate; and some slower, safer, and less costly process of liquidating the assets and discharging tho liabilities. Of tiro evils it is always wise to choose the least. Sometimes the difficulty consists in "snowing which is the least of tho two evils. It is there that on oxamplc in practico is valuable. Dur ing tho last six or eight months a fatal epidemic of panic has swept down many of tho land, building, and financial insti tutions of the Australian colonies, ltcccnt revelations in courts of law havo shown that the scare was in some cases not with out reasonable cause. Any sound system of business is liable to abuse by dishonest adventurers. This class of men are always about, and aro always on tho look out for some facilo and plausible means of acquiring money irrespective of tho moralities of legitimate trading. Not unnaturally a few of theso men seined on thu - popular land and deposit bonk business as a means of serving themselves in a greater degree than is justified by honcBt methods of business. Unfortunately there are con fiding people who are attracted by offers of larger interest for any money they may have to deposit than fair trading warrants ; they lend for high interest and lose their capital ; then comes the reaction of angry disappointment. But who is really blainablo ? In one of tho southern capitals a siugle indi vidual ran a deposit bank, with a high- sounding same. -The name caught . on ; it deluded some people who craved large interest far their deposits. The depositors are now bemoaning their credulity ; the hanker is under arrest. "With such cases culminating in disnstcr there could be little wonder that the credulity of con- fidingness was followed by the alarm of distrust. Popular feeling has a fashion of rushing without discrimination from one extreme to ths other. "When it once makes u blind rush from rcul peril it gives substance to ahsdows, and invests tho ghosts of its own terrors with disreputable habiliments ns if they wero taugible forms. Tho harvest o'f realisation comts prematurely and the wheat is out down with the weeds. In thu panio which has seized many in vestors tho drain on numerous sound and well-managed institutions has become critically embarrassing. Fortunately for the different interests Involved, the calm and reasonable section of depositors, actuntod by -unshaken faith in the in tegrity of thoso directors and managers to whom they had intrusted their gains and savings, have taken a fair mid tem perate view of tho embarrassed situation, and have listened patiently and consider ately to the proposals of remedy made by the directors; "Wo have noticed that in Sydney especially frequent reference has been made to a " shocking example " of unforced insolvency, in which tho ' inter ested depositors and shareholders liavo bought their experience dearly. A society called ' ' The New South "Wales Property Investment Company, Limited," ran n successful career for several years. It puid good dividends. According'to its lost report it had a paid-up capital of £32,855, with an uncalled balance of £59,527 ' 10s. Its last half- yearly balance-sheet was made up to June 30, 1889\. It showed it total of assets amount ing to £145,000 against liabilities on. doposits and interest, £50,840 ; on land purchases, £29,4G8 ; on bank overdraft ana outstanding cheques, £10,050. It had a reserve and a contingent fund amount ing to £13,750. Apart from its liability oil paid-up capital and reserve funds, it showed a substantial credit bitlaaeo. But the fates wero against it. With credit exhausted, payments falling due, property heavily depreciated by dull times and unsaluble except nt a loss, tho business came to a halt. There being no antecedent examples to guido the credi tors tbe company was forced into liquida tion, and a sad oxample was created for tho warning of similar institutions that might in future be placed in similar cir cumstances. If the pbject of liquidation was to benefit, the depositors bv a speedy rcpaymentoftlicirdeposits it failed deplor ably ; when tho first statement was made out for purposes of liquidation, on September 11, 1889, the deposits' lmd in creased to £51,620. A year later they stood at £51,016 a decrease of only £4 in a year. Yet during that year the liquidators had got in £20,802. Whither hud it gone? The bank overdraft hnd been reduced by £13,234, plus intorost £1,035. Mortgages owing by the society had been reduced by £7,70.4, plus interest £1,813,. Thpre had been sundry disbursements ou general amount (including - rates £304 6s.) amounting to £639. Tho costs of- llquidotion for the first year amounted to £1,296.,., A yearlater another statement .wurnuhea by the liquidators. ' The bank overdraft had.been further reduced by £1,325 ; mortgages redueed by £19,590 . interest on account of over draft and mortgages £1,301. Still no dividend had been paid to tho depositors, although tho shareholders hud bean squeezed remorselessly, and many of them reduced to poverty. During that year £8,830 had boon obtained by culls, and £10,483 from land und promises — presumably rents, borrowers' repay ments, unci sales. In a semi-defunot mnrkot forced sales of property means slaughter. It is then impossible for the best to be made of property, or any other commodity compulsorily sold. It would appear . from a memorandum supplied to us that on September 11, 1891, the other liabilities, excopt a few small sundry items and deposits, had been discharged. Two yenrs had gone, depositors lmd not receircd any part of thair principal, nor any interest whatever. We beliove that since Soptemher last ono or two divi dends of 2s. Oil. ouch havo been paid to depositors. If purchasers and borrowers pay up, and land again become salable, the depositors may ultimately come out fairly well, so far as their principal is concerned. But whilst the hank and the mortgagees have got their interest we cannot find on any of these halancc-Bhcots or statements any trace of interest for thu depositors. The process of liquidation has not been very economical, any more than it has been favourable to the depositors or merciful to the shareholders: In the year ended September 11, 1891, the remuneration of liquidators was £1,000, besides "rent, auditors' fees, and general expenses," £262 15s. 6:1.; " legal expenses sod com mission," £137 Gs. Cd. Tho unsatisfac tory results of compulsory liquidation in this ease have been frequently referred to during the disasters of the past few months, and the example has infiuonced tho creditors of other embarrassed societies in Now South Wnles in favour of friendly agreements between thom- selves and the ' directors for the deferred payment of deposits with interost on ours- fully estimated bases for realising the assets. One practical example is always better than a lot of theories. 