AUSTRALIAN MYTHS ' (I-'JIOM 'BELCIIAVIA.') itie AuKtr^uan aliorigines have a carious myth witb regard lo tbe origin of water* j hey say that, originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfort ably wj thont it till one day some adven turous spirit suggested that they ought to do bomething to procure ii . a solemn con to the oldest and Wisest inhabitants as to the ? course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their com plaint, and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which live! in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. AU that was re quired was to make him laugh, when the water would ma oui of his mouth. Another grent consultation was held, when it wsb decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain tho d-'sircd result. I Ids 1 hey readily agreed to, and natives arid ^u/mals ret, air&J; in a irronfc body to Llie i-.»2 I k mountain to try their powers in Lhe way of laugh raising. The first to make the est'av w.-ih the mis. He brayed so loud that hemighi have been a demagogue cxpatiatiug on lb- .Times of ih-- clamms aa against l lie virtu -s of t In- masses, fie shook Ins lony ears till tin y rattled again, he kicked hi*, heels info tie- air higher than any donkey ha 1 ever elevated them before, he cut tbe inoBi fuutust.ic capers— all to no use, ami tlie toad did not so much as wink an e.U'lid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a fedf-satisfied air, as though he and he alone knew the secret of bow to make the toil laugh. But, alas for the vanity of fe.it liered aspirations, his crowing an I Happiug of wings bad no more cdiect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a Juugb, but with no better success. A t last when everyljody was begin ning to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its con tortions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked alone nn his hoa/i and hiBtail. Those watching the gigantic toad s.-i-.v the muscles of his raoutk begin fonimvr Now Ihe eel twisted himself into a single knot, ami walked solely on his head. Lo ! and behold Ihe tnad smiled, and ont of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing ibis the e^l redoubled his efforts ; he twisted himself into a double knot, and walked Jauntily along on his bead and his tfiib This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened hia mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a migbly torrent down the moun tain side, and spreading over the country iormed rivers, lakes, aud pools ; and down, too, citne the natives, rejoicing tbat at last ihey would have an abundance of water. The following story show that ghosts can be vindictive in \ ictoria, and resent medd ling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in tbe country of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the doorway lie saw tbe usual crooked stick, pointing in tbe direction the family bad taken, and all around about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, in oicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which he soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died, he laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the l.j-ee --iid ascefded it. On removing the opostiim rug from tbeface he found that, it was u frieud. He w- pi for a long time, then went awav. He bad not gone far when he beard some magpies making a great nois' as though they saw something strange. He turned round to see what it was. and to his terror saw tbe ghost of the d-cae' d come down and follow him. He w;,s so tcrritied h-- could not move, but managed to address it in these terms:— ' \\\ by do y«»n frighten mo. when I have come to s.-o you and never did you auy harm ?' It never hj.olti-, but followed bim for o consider® able oi-laiiet. scratching his bark with its uuiis. and then relumed to the tree. When h' readied his friends he fold them what bad happt-n-'d. showed them his back htecrui'.-d and blecdiug ; ami said he hail a presentiment that something bad would befnll hint befuiv long. At the next meeting of I bo tribes be was speared through tha 