TNE AMERICAN CLAIMANT. Br JIaiik Twain. - CHA1TER XXII. Fivs minutes later lio was sitting in Ills room, with his head bowed within tho oiroie of his arms, on the tabio— final attitude of grief and dospair. His tears woro flowing fast, and now and thon n sob brolro upon tbo stillness, rrosontly ho said — "I know her when sho was a littlo child and used to olimb about my knees, I love hor nB I lovo my own, nnd now — oh, poor thing, poor thing, I cannot bear it I— Bhe's gono and lost licr heart to this mangy matorialisoo ! Why didn't wo sao that that might liappon ? But how eonld wo? Nobody could. Nobody could ever havo dreamed of suoh a thing. You ootddn't cxpoet a person would fall In lovo with a wax work. And this ono doosn't ovon amount to that." Ho went on grieving to himself, and now nnd then giving voice to his lamentations. "It's done; on, it's done, nnd thoro'n rib help for it ; no undoing tho misorablo business. If I had the norvo I would kill it. But that wouldn't do any good. She loves it ; sho thinks it's genuine nnd autlicntio. If sho lost it sho would gtiovo for it just as Bhe would for a real person. And who's to break it to family? Not I— I'll dio first. Sellers is tho best human boing I ever know, arid I wouldn't any moro think of— ob, dear,, why, it'll break his heart when he finds it out. And Polly's too. JViij comes of meddling with suoh infernal matters ! But for this, tho aroatcro would still bo coasting in Shcol, where it bolongs. How is it that thoso poopio don't smell the brimstono ? Sometimes I can't como into the soma room with him with out noarly suffocating." After a while ho broke out again : " Woll, there's one thing sure. Tho material ising has got to stop right whero it is. If sho's got to marry a spectre, lot her marry a decont ono out of tho Middlo Ages, liko this one — not n cowboy and a thief. suoh ns this protoplasmio tadpolo's going to turn into if Sellers keeps on fussing at it. It costB 5000 dol. cash, and shuts down on tho incorporated company to stop tho works at tills point, but Sally Sollors's happi ness is worth moro than that." Ho hoard Sellers ooming, ond got himself to rights. Sellers took a scat nnd said — "Woll, I'vo got to oonfosB I'm a good deal puzzled. It did certainly cat, there's no gotting around it. Not eat, oxaotly, cither, but it nibbled ; nibbled in an appetitcloss way, but still it nibbled ; nnd that's just a marvel. Now the question is, what does it do with thoso nibblings? That's it — what does it do with them? My idea is that wo don't begin to know nil thero is to this stupendous discovory yot. But timo will show — timo and soioneo — givo us a chnticc, and don't got impatient." But he eouldn't got Hnwkins interested ; couldn't mako him talk to amount to anything ; couldn't drag bim out of liiB. doprcsBion. But at last' ho took a turn that arrested Hawkins's attention. " I'm going to liko him, HawkinB. Ho ib a person of stupendous charaotor — absolutely gigantic. Undor that placid exterior is con cealed tho most dare-devil spirit that was ever put into a man — lie's j ust a Oli ve ovor again. Yes, I'm all admiration for him, on aocount of liis character, nnd liking naturally follows admira tion, you know. I'm coming to liko him immensoly. Do you know, I havon't tho heart to degrado suoh a character ns that down to the burglar estate for money, or for anything olso ; and I'vo come to ask you if you woro willing to let tho reward go, and loavo this poor follow—" . . "Whoro ho is?" ' I " Yes— not bring him down to date." " Oil, there's my hand, and my hoart's in it, too !" "I'll novor forgot you for this, Hnwkins," said the. old gontlemnn, in a voico whialt ho found it herd to control. "You are making a great sacrifice for mo, and ono which yon can ill afford, but I'll never forgot your generosity, and if I live you shall not suffor for it, bo sure of that." Sally Sellers immediately and vividly realised that sho was becoming a new boing ; a being of a far higher nnd worthier sort than sho had been Mich a littlo wliilo beforo ; an oarncat being, in placo of a dreamer ; and supplied with a reason for her presence in. , the world, wbero merely a wistful and . troubled curiosity about it had existed before. So groat and so comprekcnsivo was tho cliango which had been wrought, that she Beamed to herself to be a real person who had lately been a shadow ; a something which had laloly been a nothing ; a purposo -which had lately been n fancy ; a finished-temple, with the altar fires lit and tho voico of worship nsconding whoro boforo had been but an nrchitcot's cunfusionof arid workiug plans, unintolligiblo to the passing oyo and pro phesying nothing. "IAdy" Gwendolen! Tho pleasantness of thnt sound was nil gono; it was an oflenco to her car -now. Sho said — " There— that sham bolongs to tho past ; I will not ho oalled by it any more." - "I may oall you simply Gwendolen? You will allow mo to drop tho formalities straight way and namo you by your doar first namo without additions?" Sho was dethroning the pink and replacing it witii a rosebud. "There — that is bettor. I hate pinks — some pinks. Indood, yes, you aro to call mo by my first namo without additions— that is woll, I don't mean without ndditionB entirely but — " It was as far as sho oould get. Thero was a panso ; his intellect was struggling to compre hend; presently it did manngo to catch tho idea in time to save ombarrossmont all round, and ho said gratofully — " Scar Gwendolen ! I mny say that ?" "Ves— part of it. But— don't kiss mo when I am talking ; it makes mo forget what I was going to say. You oan oall mo by part of that form, but not tho last part. Gwcndolon is not my name." "Not your namo !" This in a tono of wonder and surpriso. The girl's soul was suddenly invaded by a creepy apprehonsion, a quito definite sonso of Buspioion and alarm. Sho put his armB away from hor, looked him' soarchingiy in tho eyo and said — "Answer me- truly, on your, honor. You arc not socking to marry me on nooount of my rankV' The shot almost knocked him- through tbo wall, ho was so Kttlo prepared for it. Thoro was somothing so finely grotesque about tlio question and ita apparent suspicion, that ho stopped . to "wondor and admire, and thus was lie saved from laughing. Thon, without wasting precious' timo, ho set about the task of ccmvinoing her that ho had been- lured by horself alono, and had fallen -in lovo with lier only, not her titlo and position ; that ho loved hor with all his heart, and oould not lovo hor more if sho wore a duchess; or ' loss if sho wero without home, name or family. Sho watched his faco wistfully, eagerly, hopefully, translating his words by itB expression; and when he had finished thero was gladnoss in her heart — a tumultuous gladness, indeed, though outwardly sho was calm, tranquil, even judicially austere. Sho prepared a sur prise for hirn now, calculated to put a heavy strain upon.thoBO disinterested protestations of his; and thus Bho delivered in burning it away word by word as tho fuse hums down to a bomb shell, and watching to see how far the explosion would lift him. "Listen — ond do not doubt me, for I shall speak tho exact truth. Howard Traoy, I am no moro an earl's ohild than you are !" To hor joy — and secret surprise, also — it never phased him. Ho was ready, this timo, and saw his chance. Ho cried out with enthu siasm : — " Thank heaven for that !" and gathered hor to his arras. To express her hoppinoss was almost beyond hor gift of speech. "Yon. make mo the proudest girl in all tho earth," she said, with her head pillowed on hjs shoulder.. " I thought it only natural that you should be dazzled by tho titlo— maybe oven un consciously, you being English— and that you might, bo deceiving yourself in thinking you loved only mo, and find you didn't lovo mo when tho deception was swept away ; so it makes mo proud thnt tho revelation stands for nothing, nnd that yon do lovo just mo, only me — Oh, prouder than nny words oan toll !" It is only you, swootheart; I never gavo one envying giarie'o towards your fathor's earldom.'. That is utterly true, dear Gwen dolen." "There— yon mustn't oall me that. I nato Hint falzo name. I told you it wasn't mine. My namo la Sally Sellora— or Sarah if you like. From tliiB timo I -banish dreams, visions, imaginings, and will no more of thorn. Inrii going to bo myself— my genuine soif, my honest self, my natural self, clear nnd clean of sham and folly and frand, and worthy of you. There is no grain of social inequality between ns ; I, liko you, nm poor ; I, liko you, am without position or distinction ; you aro a struggling artist ; I am that, too, in my humbler way. Our broad is honest bread ; wo work for our living. Hand in lmnd wo will walk bcnco to tho grave, helping each other in all ways, living for oaoh othor, being and remaining one in heart and purpose, -ono in bopo and aspiration, inseparable to tho ond; and though our placo is low, judged by tlio , world's eye, wo will make it as high ns tlio highest in tho great essontials of lionost work for what wo cat nnd wear, and conduat nbovo reproach. Wo livo In a land, let us bo thankful, whoro this is all sufficient, and no man is hotter than his neighbor by tho grace of God, but only by hia own merit" Trnoy tried to break it, but she stopped him nnd kept tho floor herself, " I am not through yot I am going to purge mysolf of tho last vestiges of artificiality and pretonce, and then start fair on your own honest lovel and bo worthy mato to you honcoforth. My father lionostly thinks ho is an carl. Well, loavo him his dream ; it pleases him and doos no ono nny harm. It was the dienm of his ances tors boforo him. It has mado fools of tho houso of Sellers for generations, and it made somothing of a fool of mo, but took 110 deep, root, I am dono with it now, and for good. Forty-oight hours ago I was privately proud of being tho dnughtcr of n pinchbeck carl; and fi»» proper mtito for mo TTi'irt n r®q of liko dogroo ; but to-day — oh, how gratoful I am for your love, whiah has healed my siok brain and restored my sanity ! — I oould mako oath that no earl's son in all tho world " "Oh ! — woll, but — but—" "Why, you look liko a porson , in a panio. What is it ? What is tho matter ?' "Matter? Oh, nothing — nothing. I was only going to say— "but in. his flurry nothing occurred to him to say for a momont ; thon by a luoky inspiration ho thought of somothing ontiroly sufficient for tho occasion, nnd brought it out with eloquent forco. " Oil,' how beautiful you nro ! You tako my breath away when you lopk liko that." It was well conaeivod, woll timed, and cordially delivered, and it got its reward. "Lot mo see. Where was I? Yos, my father's earldom iB pure moonshine. Look at thoso dreadful things on tho wall ; you havo of courso supposed them to bo por traits of his ancestors — oarls of Rossmore. Well, thoy nro not. Tho are chromos of distinguished Americans — all modorns ; but ho has carried them baok a thousand yoars by relabelling them; Andrew Jackson, there, is doing what ho can to bo the late Amorioon earl; and tbo nowost treasure in the collection is sup posed to bo tho young English hoir— I mean tho idiot witii the crape, but in truth it's a shoe maker, aud not Lord Bcrkoloy at all." "Aro you sure?" " Why, of oonrso I am. Ho wouldn't look liko that." "Why?" " Because his conduct in his last moments wlion tlie firo was sweeping around him shows that ho was a man; It bIiows that ho was a fnio, high aouled young orcatnro." Traoy was strongly moved by theso ' compli ments, and it seemed to him that tho girl's lovely lips took on a now loveliness when thoy wore delivering thom. Ho said, softly : " It is a pity he could not know what a gracious impression his behavior was going to leave with tho doarest and swootoat Btrangor in tho land of " " Oh, I almost loved him ! Why, I think of him every day. Ho is always floating about in my mind."-' . Tracy felt that this was a littlo moro. than was nocossary. Ho was conscious of tho sting of jealousy. Ho said: " It is quito right to think of him— at least now and then — thnt is, at intervals — in, por- haps, an admiring way — but it seoms to mo that — " Howard Traoy, aro you jealous of that dead man ?" Ho was asharaod — and at tho same time not nshomcil. Ho was jealous— and- at tho Btimo timo ho was not jealous. In a sonso tho dead man was himself ; in that case compliments and affection lavished upon that oorpse went into his own till and woro clear profit. But in anothor sonso tho dead man was not himself ; andin thnt caso all' compliments and nlTcotion lavished thoro were wasted, and a sufficient basis for jealousy. A tiff was tho result of tho dispute botwoen tho two. They made it up, and woro more loving than over. As an affeo- tionato olinchor of the reconciliation, Sally do- clnrod that she had now bAiiished Lord Borkeloy from her' mind, and added, " And in order to mako sure that he shall nover mako trouble -betwoen ns again, I will teach mysolf to detest that namo and all that have overborne it or over shall boar it." This inflicted anothor pang, and Tracy wan mindod to nsk hor to modify that a littlo— just on gcnoral principles, and as praotico is not overdoing a good thing — bnt thought perhaps ho might hotter lcavo tilings as they woro, and not risk bringing on another tiff. ' He got away from that particular, and sought less tender ground for conversation. ' "I suppose you disapprove wholly of aris tocracies and nobilities, now that you havo renounced yoor titlo and your father's earl dom ?" "Real ones? Oh, dear no; but I've thrown asido our sham ono for good." This answer foil just at tho right ..time and just in tho right place, to save tho poor unstable young man from changing his political complexion once moro. Ho had been on tho point of beginning to tottor again, but this prop shored him up, and kept him from floundering hack into demo- oraoy und renouncing nristocraoy. So he -wont homo, glad that he had asked- tho fortnnato question. Tho girl would ncocpt a littlo thiug like a gonuine earldom ; Bhe was morely preju diced against tho brummagem artiolo. Yes, ho could havo his girl and havo his oarldom too. That question was a fortunate stroke. . Sally went to bod happy, too, and remained happy, -deliriously happy, for noarly two hours j but at lost, just as sho was, sinking into a con tented and luxurious anconseiousnoss, tho shtidy devil who' lives and lurks and hides and watches inside of human beings,- and is always waiting for a ohanoo 'to do tho proprietor a fnalioious damago, whisporod to hor soul nnd said, "That question' had a harmless look, but what was back of it ? what was tho secret motive of it ? what suggested it?" . The shndy devil- had knifed 'her, . and conld retire now and tako a rest ; tho wound would attend to business for him. And it did. : " Why should Howard Traoy ask that ques tion ? If ho was not trying to marry her for tho sake of her rank, what should suggest that question to him ? Didn't ho plainly look grati fied when sho said her objections to aristooraoy had tlioir limitations? Ah; ho is after that earldom, that gilded sham — it isn't poor mo he wants." So Bho argued, in anguish and tears. Thon she argued tbo opposite theory, bnt mado a weak, poor business of it, and lost the ease. Sho kopt the arguing up, ono side and then tho othor, tho rest of tho night, and at last fell asleep at dawn; fell in the firs at dawn, ono may say, for that kind of Bleep rosombles firo, and one comes out ot it with his brain haloed and his physioal forces fried out of him. Chafteb XXIIL Traoy, wroto his fathor before he sought his bed. Ho wroto a letter whioh ho belioved would get bettor trcatmont than his cablegram received, for it Contained what ought to bo wol- como news— namely, that -ho bad triod equality and working for a living, had made , a fight which ho could find no reason to bo ashamed of, and in tho mattor of earning a living had proved that ho was able to do ib ; but that on tho whole ho had arrived at tlie conclusion that ho could not reform tho world singlo handed, and was wilting to retire from tho confliot with tho fair degree of honor which ho had gained, and was also willjng to return homo and resume his posi tion and bo content with it and thankful for it for the future, leaving further experiment of a missionary sort to other young peoplo needing the ohastening and quelling persuasions of ex perience, tho only logic sure to convinco a diseased imagination and restore it to rugged health. Then ho npproaohed the subject of mar- riago with the (laughter of . tho Ame rican claimant with a good deal of caution -and- muoh painstaking art. Ho Baid praisofal and ap- preciative things about tho girl, but didn't dwoll upon that detail or make it prominont. The thing which ho mado prominent was tho opportunity now so happily afforded to reoon- cilo York and Lancaster, graft tho warring roses upon ono Btom, and end for over a crying injns- tico which had already lasted far too long. Ono oould infor that ho had thought this thing all out nnd chosen this way of making all things fair and right, because it was sufficiently fair and considerably wiser than tlio renunciation scheme whioh ho had brought witii him from England, Ono oould infer thnt, but ho didn't say it. In fact tlio moro ho road his letter ovor tbo more ho got to inforring it himself. When tho old earl received that letter, tho first part of it filled him with a grim and snarly satisfaction ; but tho rest of it brought a snort or two out of him that could bo transla ted differently. He wasted no ink in this cm- orgenoy, ' eithor in cablegrams or letters; ho promptly took ship for America to look into tho mattor himHolf. Ho had stanohly hold his grip nil this long time, nnd given no sign of tho hunger at his iieart to seo his son, hoping for tho euro of his insano droam, and rcsoluto that tho process should go through nil the necessary stngos without, assuaging telegrams or other non- Bonsc from homo, and here was victory at last. Viotory, but stupidly marred by this idiotio marringe projeot. Yes, ho would stop ovor and takn a lmnd in this matter himself. During tlio first ton days following tlio mail- of tho . letter Tracy's spirits had no idio times, thoy woro nlwayB climbing up into- tho clouds or sliding down into the earth, as doep ns tho law of gravitation reached. Ho wnB intensely happy and intensely miserablo by turns, accord ing to Miss Sally's moods. He nover could toll when tho g";ng to oh-!!"", "'v! whon it changed ho couldn't toll what it was that had changed it. Sometimes she was so in love with him that her lovo was tropical, torrid, and sho oould find no language fervent enough for its oxpression ; thon suddonly, nnd without warning or auy apparent reason, tho weather would change, and tho victim wpuld find him self adrift among tho icebergs nnd fooling as lonesome and friondloss as tho north polo. It sometimes seemed to him that a man might better bo dead than oxposod to theso devastating varieties of climate. Tho case was simplo. Sally wanted to bclievo that Traoy 'a proforenco was disinterested ; aoeho was always applying littlo tests of ono sort or another, hoping and oxpeoting that thoy would bring out ovidonco which would confirm nnd for tify her belief. Poor Tracy did not know that these experiments wero being made upon him, consequently ho walked promptly into nil tho traps tho girl sot for him, Thoso traps con sisted in apparently casual rofercnocs to social distinction, aristneratio titlo and privilege, and Buoh things. Often Tracy responded to theso references heedlessly, and not much caring what ho said provided it kopt tlio talk going and pro longed tho dance. Ho didn't suspect thnt tho girl waB watching his face, and listoning for hia words, as ono who watches tho judgo's face and listens for the words tiiat will restore him to homo and friends and freedom, or shut him away from tho sun and human companionship for ever. Ho didn't snspcet that his careless words woro being wcighod, and so ho often delivered sentence of death when it would havo been just as handy and all tho samo to him to pronouneo acquittal. Daily ho broke tho girl's heart ; nightly' ho sent her to tho rack for sloop. Ho couldn't understand it. Somo people would havo put this nnd that to gether, and percoived that tho woathcr novor changed until ono particular Buhjcct was intro duced, nnd that then it always changed. And they would have looked farther, and perceived that that subject was always introduced by tho ono party, novor tho. othor. Thoy would have argued, then, that this was done for a purpose. If they could not find oat what the purposo was in any simpler or easior way, they would ask. But Traoy was not doep enough or suspicious enough to think of those things. Ho noticed only ono particular ; that tho weather was always sunny when a visit bcyan. No matter how much it might cloud up later, it always began with a clear sky. He couldn't explain this curious faot to himself ; ho itacroly knew it to bo n fact. The truth of the matter was that by tho time Traoy hod been out of .Snliy's sight six hours sho was so famishing for a sight of him that hor doubts and suspicions woro all consumed away in tlie firo of that longing, nnd so always sho came into his prcsenco as surprisingly radiant and joyous as she wasn't when she wont out of it. In circumstances liko theso a growing portrait runs a good many risks. Tho portrait of Bellors, by Tracy, was fighting along, day by day, through this mixed weather, aud daily adding to itself inorndicablo signs of tho ohequerod lifo it was leading. It was tlio happiest portrait, in spots, tiiat was ovor seen ; but in other spots a lost soul lookod out from it ; a soul that was Buffering all tho different kinds of distrese there are, from stomach aalio to rabies. But Sellers liked it. Ho said it was just himself all ovor— a portrait that swoated moods from ovory pore, nnd no two moods alike. Ho said ho had as many different kinds of emotions in him as a jug. " It was a kind of a deadly work of art, maybo, but it was a staroby picture for bIiow, for it was life sizo, full length, nnd roprosontcd tho American carl in a poor's scarlet robe, with tho throo ermine hare, indicative of an earl's rank, and on tbo grey head an earl's coro net, tilted just a wee bit to ono side iri n most gallus and winsomo way. When Sally's wea-- ther was Bunny, tho portrait mado Traey chucklo, but whon her weather was overcast it diBordorcd his mind and stopped tho circulation of his blood. Lnto ono night when tho sweethearts had l)9cn having a flawless visit togother, Sally's interior devil began to work his speciality, and soon the conversation was drifting toward tlio customary rock. Presently, in. tho midst of Traoy's serono flow of talk, ho felt a shudder which ho knew was not his shudder, but exterior to Ills breast, although immediately against it. Aftor tho shudder camo sobs— Sally was eryiug. "Oil, my darling, what havo I done— what havo I Baid ? It lias liapponed again ! What have I done to wound you ?" \- She disengaged heraelf. from his arms, and gave him a look of deep roproaoli. "What lravo you done ? I will tell you what .you havodono. You havo unwittingly revealed — oh, for the twentieth time, though I cbuld not believe it, would not bolieve it ! — that it is not mq you lovo, but that foolish sham, my father's imitation earldom ; and you havo broken my heart 1" . " Oh, my child, what aro you saying? I novor dreamed of such a thing ! " \- "Ob, Howard, Howard, the things yon havo uttered when you were forgetting to guard your tonguo havo betrayed you, " "Things I havo uttered whon I was forgot- ting to guard my tonguo? Theso nro hard words. When havo I romembered to guard it? Nevor in one instance., It has no office but to speak the truth. It needs no guarding for that." "Howard, I havo noted your words and weighed them whon you wero not thinking of their significance, and they have told mo moro than you meant they should." "Do you mean to say yon have answered tho trust I had in -you by using it ns an ambuscade from whioh you oould set snares for my unsus pecting tongue, and ho safo from doteetion while you did it ? You havo not dons this— surely you have not dono this thing? Oh, one's enemy could not do it," This was mi aspect of the girl's conduot whioh sho had not olearly perceivod boforo. Was it treachery? Had she abused a 'trust? Tho thought orimsoncd hor oheoks with shamo and remorse. "Oh, forgive mo," she said; "I did not know what I was doing. I have bcon so tortured — you will forgive me, you must ; I have suffered so much, and I am so sorry and so humblo ; ' you do forgive mo, don't you ?— don't turn away, don't refuse mo ; it is only my love that is at fault, and you . know I love you, lovo you with alt my heart ; I couldn't bear to — oil, dear, dear, I am so miserable, nnd I never meant any harm, and I didn't see, whero this insanity was carrying mo, and how it was wronging and abusing tho dearest heart in all tho world to me — nnd — and— oh, take mo in your arms again, I havo no other refuge, no other homo and hope 1" There was reconciliation again — immediate, perfect, all embracing — and with it utter hnppi- ncss. This would have been a good time to ad journ. But no, now that tho cloud breeder was revealed at last, now that it was manifest that all the Bour weather had como from this girl's dread that Tracy was lured by hor rank und not horself, he resolved to lay that ghost immedi- : 1 atoly and permanently by furnishing the bost possible proof that he couldn't have had book of bim at any timo tho snspeotcd motive. So ho said — " Lot mc whisper a littlo Bocret in your ear — a secret whioh I have kept shut up in my breast all this time. Your rank couldn't ovftr have been an onticemont. I am son and heir to an English earl !" Tho girl atarod at him — one, two, three moments, maybo a dozen— then her lips parted. " You ?" Bho said, and moved arway from him, still gazing nt him in a kind of blank amasemont. " Why— why, certainly I am. Why do yon not liko this? What havo I dono now "What havo you done? You havo certainly, made a most strongo statement. Yea must see that yoursolf. " "Woll," with a timid littlo laugh, "it may bo a strange enough statement ; but of what oonsequonee is that, if it is true ?" "// it is true. You are already retiring from it." " Oh, not for a momont ? You should not say that. ' I have not deserved ib I have Bpokon the truth ; why do you doubt it ? " Hor reply was prompb "Simply becauso yon didn't speak, it oarlior." " Oh !" It wasn't a groan cxaetly, bnt it was an intel ligible enough expression of the faot that ho saw tho point and recognised that thero waB reason in it. "You have scorned to conceal nothing from mo that I ought to know conoorning yoursolf, and you woro not privileged to keep back suoh a hing as this from mo a moment after — after — we!!, after yen had determined te ea" -"ear eeurt to mo." "It's trno, it's true, I know it! But thero woro circumstances in — in tho way — circum stances which " Sho waved tho oireamstanoos asido. " Well, yon seo," ho said, ploadingly, "you seomed so bqnt on our travelling tbo proud path of honost labor and honorablo poverty that I was terrified— that is, I was afraid — of— of — well, you know how you talked. " "Yos, I know how I talked. And I also know that before tho talk was finished you in quired how' I stood as regards aristocracies, and my answer was calculated to relieve your fears." He was silent a while. Then he said in a dis couraged way — "I don't soo any way out of it. It was a mistake; that is, in truth, all it was — just a mistnko. No harm was meant, no harm in tho world. I didn't seo how it might somo timo look. It is my way.' I don't soom to seo far." Tho girl was almost disarmed for a momont. Then the flared up again. "An carl's sonl Do carls' sons go about working in lowly callings for. their bread and butter?" "God knows they don't. I havo wished they did." "Do carls' sons sink their dcgrco in a oountry liko this, and eomo sober and dcoent to suo for the hand of n born child of poverty when they can go drunk, profane and stooped n dishonorable debt and buy tho piok and choice of tho millionaires' daughters of America? You an earl's sonl Show mo tho sign." "IthankGodI am not able, if thoso are the signs. Rut yet I am an carl's son and heir. It is all I can say. I wish you would believo me, but yon will nob I know no way to pcrBuado you." She was about to soften again, but his olosing remark made- her bring her foot down, with smart vexation, and sho cried out— "Oh, you drivo all patienbo .out of mo! Would you havo ono believo that you haven't your proofs at hand, and yet aro what you say you aro? You do not put your hand in your pooket now — for you havo nothing there. You make a claim liko this and then venture to travel without credentials. These aro simply incredibilities. Don't you seo that yourself ? " Ho cast about in his mjnd for a dofonco of some kind or other — hesitated a little, and then said, with difficulty and diffidonoo — " I will toll you tho truth, foolish ns it will seem to you — to anybody, I suppose — but it is tho truth. I bad an ideal; coll it: a droam, a folly if you will ; but I wanted to 'renounos the privileges and unfair advantages enjoyod by tho nobility and wrung from the nation by force and fraud, and purge myself of my .Bhara of those crimes against right and reason by thence forth comrading with tho poor and humble on equal terms, earning with my own hands the bread I ato, and rising by my own morit if I roso at all. " The young girl scanned his fnoo narrowly while ho spoke ; and there was something about his simplicity of. mannor and statement whieh touched hor — touched hor almost to the danger point; but she. sot her grip on tho yielding spirit and choked it to quiescence ; it could not be wise to surrender to compassion or any kind of sentiment, yet sho mast ask ono or two more questions., Tracy was reading hor faco ; and what lie read thero lifted his drooping hopes a little. , ' . " An earl's son to do that ! Why,' he were a man ! A man to lovo ! Oh, more, a man to worship I" "Why, I—" "But' ho nevor lived!' Ho is not born, he will not ho born. Tho self abnegation that could do that-revon in utter folly, and hopeless of conveying benefit to any, beyond the mere oxamplo— oould be mistakon for greatness! Why, it would be groatness in this aold ogo of sordid ideals I A moment— wait — let mo finish. I have one question moro. Your father is carl of what?" " Rossmore— and I am Viscount Berkoley !" Tlio fat was in the firo again. Tho girl felt so outraged that it was difficult for her to speak. "How can you venture with suoh a brazen thing? You know that . he is dead, and yon know that I know it. Oh, to rob tho living of name nnd honor for a selfish and temporary ad vantage is crime enough, but to rob the dofoncc- loss dead — why, it iB moro than crimo, it degrades orimo 1 " "Oli, listen to mo, jnst a word, don't turn away like that. Don't go— don't leave me — stay ono moment.. On.my honor — " " Oh, on your honor 1 " " On my honor I am what I say. And I will prove it, and you will -believe ; I know you . will, I will bring you a messago— a cablegram—' "When?" "To-morrow — noxt day." I "Signed 'Rossmore'?" "Yos, signed 'RoBsmoro.'" " What will that prove ? " "What will it provo? What should . it provo ? " " If you foroe mo to say it — possibly tho pre sence of n confederate somowlioro." This was a hard blow, and staggered him. He said, dejectedly : " It is true. I did not think of it. Qb, my God, I do not know any way to do ; I do every thing wrong. You aro going ? and you won't say ovon 'good night,' or 'good bye?' Ah, we have not parted liko this beforo." "Oh, I leant to run and— no, go, now." A pause, then sho said : "You may bring tho message when it comes." " Oh, may I ? God bloss yvou. " He was gone, and none too eoon ; hor lips woro already quivering, arid now she broke down. Through hor sobbings hor words broke from time to timo : " Oh, ho is gone. I havo lost him. I shall never see him any more. And ho didn't kiss mo good bye ; nover once offered to . force a kiss from me, rind bo knowing it was the very, very last, and I oxpeoting he would, and nover dreaming ho would treat mo so after all wo havo boon to each other. Ob, oh, oh, oh, what shall I do, what shall I do? Ho is a dear, poor, miserablo, good- hearted, transparent liar and humbug, but ob, I do love him so !" After a littlo while sho broke. Into speech agnin. " How dear ho is ! and I shall miss him so,' I shall misss him so ! Why won't he over think to forge a mes sago and fetch it ?— but no, ho never will, ho never thinks of anything; bo's so honest and simple it wouldn't evor oocur to him. Oh, what did possess him to - think be could succeed OS a fraud — and ho hasn't tho first rcquisito except duplicity, that I can see. Oh, dear, I'll go to bed and givo it all up. Oh, I wish I had told him to como and toll me whenever ho didn'tget any tolegram, and now it's nil. my 'own fault if I novor sqe him again. How my eyes must look ! " (To be continued.) 