? Jin. Moony, of the firm of Moody aud Sankey, calculates that it takes three thousand sermons to effect a single conversion nowadays. Tlie question that suggests itself in these circumstances is, of course —Is the game worth tho candle? But then talk is cheap—that kind of talk especially. IT should be consoling to the average member of Parliament, and the whole crew of Trades Uall orators, to learn on good authority that grammar is despised in the next world,and thatwhen professional grammarians get there they make a point of forgetting all about moods and tenses as quickly as possible. Sir Mountstuart Grant Duff says that, at a recent Spiritualistic seance which he attended an alleged ghost when asked, " Are you Lindley Murray ?" promptly responded, " 1 aro." MR. C. E. JONES, who is a candidate for the East Hourke Boroughs constituency, was asked at a meeting held in Brunswick last week " whether, if he believed in the State being the employer of all labour, he would vote for the payment of members by results." The candidate gave no reply, and the question was shelved. The sarcasm it contained was felt to be too cruel even by that callous audience. MR. E. C. MARTIN, a candidate for Coliingvrood, addressed a number of the electors of that cultured constituency the other evening. lie said, among other things, that—" His idea was that a Department of Industry should be established—(enthusiastic applause)—and that to provide it with tho means of carrying on its operations a tax of 3d. a gallon should be levelled ou beer—(groans, yells, howls and execrations)." This unfortunate deliverance settled Mr. Martin's chances with the Collingwood electors. They are quite ready to agree with the proposition that the Government should take the responsibility of supplying work—but not at the cost of a tax oil beer. IJeer must remain inviolate whatever suffers. Mi>. O'DONNKLL, the contractor of Prahran, is a plucky man, who objects on principle to be had. He engaged a local bootmaker to put a pair of clump soles on his boots. The bootmaker did net do tho work properly, although ho was paid three shillings for the job. Thereupon Mr. O'Donnell lialed the bootmaker to the County Court for tho return of tho three shillings. These three small coins proved rather expensive for tlie "snob," for Judge Gaunt gave a verdict for tbeui with tbe nice little addition of live guineas costs! This should teach the bootmaker that he is as amenable to the law of contracts as, now, a barrister is, Jjet us warble— Beware of " fake "— This lesson take, Each would-be clever snob, Don't think you can Get at a man, Though only for three-bob. Three bob, 'tis clear, Is rather dear, If you five pounds must pay, For ill-soled boots Hay mean lawsuits, As they did t'other day. Do well each job, Though but three bob You get instead of gold. For if you're brought To County Court, You—not the boots—get soled. As a result of t he bad times with the theatres at present, we are told that one manager has suggested to his brother eAitrrprewurs that they should draw lots for the order of opening the theatres, and that only one should be open each evening. THE anxious father on his boy, Beamed with proprietorial joy And parent-glee; " Say, boy what would you have your fate. When you are grown to man's estate ; Dear youth what would you be!" " When I am grown to be a man, The field of politics I'll scan, I'll be a legislator." " Then," said the father, " let ine state. It's time that you should graduate As labour legislator." So the thoughtful parent decided to get him the best text-book on the subject, and resolved to purchase MB. PUNCH'S " King "Working-Man, or the Reign of a Terror," which will be published during this month, will have coloured and other illustrations and will cost only sixpence. THE Progressive Political League lias got wliat it calls its iinal exhaustion ballots. No wonder the League makes people tired. " WELL, my boy," said the kind-hearted old gentleman, " and what is your father working at now?" "If you please, sir," was the ingenuous reply, "he's working at being an unemployed." IN the shipping advertisements we read—" For Western Port; ketch Swan." We presume this is considered a straight tip for those who are out of employment to go tn Western Port; but even there ]t isn't so easy to ketch swan; besides, working-men don't earo to eat swan even if they could ketch tliein. IN recording an eutertaiuuient given by their fellow countrymen on Saturday night, the Age says that" a social evening of a free and easy character, held by a number of Celtic citizens, etc." Surely this is mere surplusage. Who ever heard of a social gathering of Celtic citizens that was not of a free and easy character—whether it was a wedding, wake or a christening? THE Mirabeau of the Melbourne Socialists is a little fellow about 4ft. flin. above the level of the ground. His name is Rosa. The Marat of the Socialists H also a little man, but with great and fierce ideas of his own. His name is Fleming. • That noble Marat" is his favourite revolutionary hero. The tastes of these leaders of the party of anarchy are curiously, yet appropriately, Canaille. LAST year, it is stated, the native Christians of Western Africa raised .£337 for the Mission Fund of the United Methodist Free Church. We always expected that some day the tables would be turned in this way. The next thing we shall hear will probably be that a batch of nigger missionaries have started for England with a view to spreading the glad tidings among the inhabitants of that benighted country. THE enterprising photographer has not been idle over the Windsor murder. One of the apostles of light has published a photograph of the fireplace and the hearth where the body was found. No doubt we shall soon have interesting portraits of the landlord, the house-agent, the spade and the third house round the corner of the next street, past which the murderer must have passed on his way to the railway station. IT is astonishing what advances medical and surgical science is making in repairing the anatomy and the wear and tear of the human frame. An advertisement in one of Monday's dailies advertises the loss of a shoo of a child newly-soled. We wonder whether a newly-soled child is as good as new. We have heard of children being healed before, but never newlysoled ; perhaps it was a brand snatched from the burning, and should have been spelt newly-souled. THE Salvation Army people are beginning to get themselves disliked among certain classes in London. They have taken up the Firewood business, and being able to get labour at a large reduction on current rates, are taking the bread, out of the mouths of common firewood sellers who have not been dipped in the Fountain or rescued from the Devil by the saving grace of the big druui. Consequently, these unregenerata ones are beginning to grumble and even to hint that if the " General" doesn't set liis Prison Gate Brigade proteges and temporarily-reclaimed topers at some other kind of work, the Trades Unions will be invited to step in and settle the matter by " busting up" the Army. This may bo easier threatened than performed, but we certainly think the Army is not nearly as other-worldly as it used to be. Its Head should be satisfied— though he i6n't, to all appearance—to be General Booth without wanting to be also General Provider. MICHAEL MULLERY was charged at the North Melbourne Court last week with impersonating a constable. We suppose it was his name that first suggested the idea, of the impersonation to him. That and his size would probably have made the imposition successful, but his feet betrayed him. They were not bigger than fiddle cases. A CABLEGRAM states that Slavin, the Australian slogger, and Charles Mitchell, the English champion, have been offered X300 a week to box for four months at Chicago during the Grand International Exhibition to he held there next year. The Americans evidently intend that their exhibition shall lack nothing ill the way of educational advantages. Hut j£3(J0 a week! Why, a secretary of a building society, or a manager of a bank, can scarcely make more than this—and then he has to take risks. BIOLOW met Brownby crawling along Colliusstreet the other morning the picture of woe. " What's tbe matter, old fellow said Biglow, sympathetically. "I'm a ruined man, Biglow, old boy, that's what's the matter." Ruined? Why, how ?" Well, you know about the Wild Time Bank ?" " Yes, it has suspended payment —but how does that affect you ?" Every way, Biglow. It just means ruin to me." " But I thought you told me that you'd drawn out whatever money you had in it." " So I had—all but three-and- sixpencc. Bat I might, JIHI-P had TIN overdraft if I'd only thought of it in time." Ah '." Mucn has been written about kissing, but it was left to Dr. Heury Gibbons to give a real scientific description of a kiss. That learned Theban describes a kiss as "the anatomical juxtaposition of two ahicular muscles in a state of contraction." This is enough to freeze the blood in the veins of the most fervent lover. But what do you think of the following as a description of the sound made by the first kiss of t wo lovers after a long separation? "The sound," says the reporter of the occurrence, was like what you hear when a three-year-old steer draws its hoof out of the mud." Romantic young ladies please take note. THE Sydney Morning Hern Id says with reference to the present attitude of the New South Wales Parliament in regard to Intercolonial Federation: —" If Federation is carried through it will owe more of its success to the Chinaman, the Coolie and the Kanaka than to all the wisdom of all our statesmen." Which, of course, mums that the colonies will have to act in unison over the question of keeping down, or keeping out, the Chinaman, the Coolie and the Kanaka. But it must be remembered that in taking such a despairing view of the matter the Herald is thinking of New South Wales statesmen. Every colony can't expect to have the luck of Victoria in respect to the great intellects that control its affairs. EVERT cloud has its silver lining, and most persons in Victoria will agree that this is just the time when that pleasant side of the cloud should show itself. We have supped full of horrors, from bank-breaks and defalcations to suicides and sensational murders. As if the measure of our grief were not sufficiently full, we are threatened in the near future with the throes of a general election. This cloud, however, intends to show its silver lining in advance, for during the present month there will be published " King Workingman ; or, The Reign of a Terror." it will be a large and handsome volume, with new and old pictures, plain and coloured, and will give the liistory of the bogus working-man as he is known in the politics and social disasters of Victoria. The price of the volume will be sixpence. When it comes out ask for it, and see that you get it, for it may save the life and the prosperity of the colony. REFERRING to the Windsor murder, an evening paper says:—" A leading popular artist who visited the scene of the murder raises the question whether the pail- may not have been those who stole the Dudley diamonds." Who was the artist ? Snazelle ? PROFESSIONAL pride is sometimes found in very curious quarters. A cablegram slates that Berry, the English hangman, has resigned because the doctors said that he had not. allowed sufficient drop for the condemned man at'a recent execution. This means, no doubt, that Berry had allowed a drop too much for himself just prior to the ceremony. Hut think of the dignity—He hauteur-- of the wretch ! He couldn't be more proudly sensitive if he were a Knight Commander of Michael and George. ACCORDING to a telegram in the papers, an Alhury boy was walking out the other evening along the river banks when he stood upon a ferocious tiger snake, which bit the boy's leg several times. The hov of Alburv, however, has experienced 110 ill-effects. The telegram unfortunately gives no particulars as to the present condition of the foolhardy tiger snake. This is to he regretted, as we should then know whether an Albury hoy was made of tho same stuff as the Cappadocian of whom wc are told— "A viper bit a Cappadocian's hide, But 'twas the viper, not the man, that died." THERE is a clerk in the Education Department whom dogs delight not any more. His tale of woe was all about a little pug-dog. He, the clerk, of course, had a lady-love, to whom lie intended to make a present of a pug. Pugs are dear little, dogs, not only in the eyes of ladies fair, but also in the estimation of dog-fanciers, when they see a man coining to buy. The Education clerk went and bought the best and dearest pug that he could find, and took his purchase to the office, so that all his fellow-clerks might gaze upon the fiaely-shnped and expensive wonder that was to be a lady's valentine. The clerk tied the dog 1o one of the ornamental rails, and placed the leetle dorg up 011 the table, so that he might the more conveniently be admired. When the whole of the Department had beheld the canine prodigy, an adjournment was made, possibly to drink the pug's health, that festive animal being left on the desk. Now this pug did not like heiug alone, and when his new owuer had gone out the dog made frantic efforts to free himself. He succeeded in getting himself into another and a hotter world, if dogs hare that sort of thing, for in bis .attempts for freedom he fell off the table or desk, and hung himself by the neck till he was dead, dead, dead. When tho clerkreturned and found the lifeless body of his purchase he ivas in a terrible state of mind. His salary did not warrant him iu going to the expense of a replica—but a happy thought struck hiin. If ho could not give his lady-love a living pug, he could make her a present of a chasto drawingroom ornament in tho shape of a stuffed pug. Now, whether tho taxidermist to whom the clerk took the pug was a poor hand at the business, or whether there is some elastic peculiarity about a dead ling's skin, we cannot say, but when tho pug was sent to the lady it was stuffed out to the size of an over-gorged bull-dog. When the happy clerk came that evening to pay his respects he was coldly received, and the monster stuffed pug, magnified several times, was handed haughtily back to him by the lady, who informed him that he might take it home and use it for a saudbag whenever he was in training for a boxingniateh. The engagement has been broken off and any person who breathes the words " stuffed pug" within the precincts ot the Education Office does so at the risk of bodily injury from tho hands of that clerk. 