MORE DREAMERS OF DREAMS. The seen of visions and the dreamers of dreams are once more in appalling force to the fore. It must, the Pall Mall Gazette thinks, have been the recent International Congress of the Society for Psychical Research whiuh has inspired them anew, fnepapexsand periodicals all have their "consignment" of ghosts, clair voyants, and soromtmbuUnts; and a diligent narrator and compiler has also taken a timely bint and published—to judge by the "get up" with an eye to the literature of tne traveller and tonrist—a book on the same absorbing subjects. Part of icts tick) is*" Day Visions and Clairvoyant Night Dreams," and it? author ia Mr. Joseph l>?rt>y, whose name ia familiar to hypnosuser? and other pereons ot hypnotic tendencies (Simpkin, Marshall, & Co.} The buuk begins and onds with a little sermonising on the bubjtwbi under ducustduo, bat otherwiae tbe 127 pages are lull of gojd stories. A few of th«m are not quite as new as they might be, but all are readable. A friend having communicated to the Poet Laureate certain strange feelings and —""■—l conditions he had txjjenenued when p"W?fr from under the influence of anaesthetics, the poet replied: —" 1 have never had any revela tions through anaesthetics; but a kind of waking tranue (thu for lack of a better name) I nave frequently had, quite up from boyhood, when 1 have been all alone. This hue often oome upon me through repeating my own name to oiyaelf silently, till, all as onoe, as it were, out of the intensity ot the consciuuanetis of in dividuality, the individuality itwdt seemed to disholve and fade away into boundiea? being, and thu nut a confused state, ban the clearest of tbe clearest, the Barest of tbe surest, utterly beyond words, where death was an almost laughable impossibility, the lusts of personality (il bo it were) seeming no extinction, bnt the only true life. I am ashamed of my feeble description. Have I not said the state ia utterly beyond words?" The next authority giving evidence for the cane of day visions is none'other than Goethe, who has told the following story:— I saw — not with tbe eyes of the body but with those ct the mind—my own figure coming towards me on horseback, in the tame road, attired in a dress 1 had never worn. Ei^bt yean after I found myself in the same road to pay one more visit to Frederics, and I was then in the ""jo" dress I had.dreamed of." Swedenbortiiiuu will be (clad to add Idle fol lowing interesting item to their store of facts concerning the founder of their snot:—" A respectable man in Stockholm bought an estate of another, paid tor it, and received an acknowledgment. The purchaser died ctKHi alter, and not long afterwards tbe seller de manded payment of the widow,.threatening that non-c?mplianoe would cause him tone take poeeeewon again. The widow was tern find, tor ehe knew her husband had paid, bat after making a most minute search she was unable to find proof anywhere. As the deoea-ed had been on kindly terms with tbe Russian ambassador she had recourse to him, who, being well aware what assistance Swden borg tutd afforded is each cases, promiaed the widow that he would talk over her case with him. Some days after Swedenborg came to toe ambassador, and bade him tell the widow that on a certain night her husband would appear to her, and give direct information where tha receipt was secreted. This was awful to contemplate, but. as impamiing ruin stared her in the face, she determined to at pp on the night in question, keeping her maid, however, with her. But tbe latter fell into a deep tJeop, and all efforts of the widow were unavailing to keep her awake. At midnight the deceased appeared. He looked grave, as though displeased, and then pointed out the plaoe where the receipt lay in a little desk, in another room, attached to tke wall, on which he disappeared. The widow went die next morning to the pii"** hs i^ indicated, and there found she receipt." And here is John Wesley hitmmif as witness of the powers of one of the latter-day prophet- Beers. He wrote: —"A little before the con clusion of the late war in Flanders, one who came from thence Rave ns a very strange rela tion. Jonathan Pyrah was a menberof our society. I knew him for some years to be a man of unblamable character. One day he was summoned to appear before the board of general officers, who said, ' What is this that we hear of you, that you are turned prophet and foretell the downfall of the bloody house of Bourbon and the haughty house of Austria? We should be glad if you were a real prophet, but what sign do you give to convince us that you are so? He readily answered, 'Gentle men, I give yon a sum. To-morrow, at 12 o'clock, you shall have such a storm of thunder and li«rntniaga<i you have not had before since you came into Flanders. I fd*e you a second sign—as little as any of you expect it yon shall have a general engagement with the French within threeday? 1 give youathird sign Ishall beoxdered to ad vanosin the first line. If lama false prophet I shall be shot dead at the first discharge, but if a true one I shall only receive asmaketbatl intheealfof my left leg.' AQ this was verified. The storm came, and the battle of Fontenoy on the third day, and at the very first discharge be-reoeived the musket ball in the calf of his left leg." In the chapter on "Property XVntndor Re covered by Clairvoyant Dreams" occur several amusing stories. One runs thus:—" A clergy man in a country parish in Scotland made a collection at his church for an object of publio benevolence in which h« telt deeply interested. The amount of the collection, which was re ceived in ladles carried through tbe ohnrch, fell greatly short of his expectations, and through the evening of the day be frequently alluded to this with expression!! of mnch disap pointment. In the following night he dn-amed that three £l-pound notes had been left in one of the ladles, having been so ocmpresswl that they bad stuck in tbe corner when tbe ladles were emptied. He was so impressed by tbe vision that at an early hour in the morning he went to the church, found the ladle which he had seen in his dream, and drew from one corner of it three £1 pound notes " A farmer's wife dreamed that she was walk ing near the house of a rejected lover, one O Flanagan, attended by a beanutol bound, ol «hich fhn was food.^when a raven dathed at him, killed him, and *~?*-in K out his heart, flow away with it She next imagined that she was running home, and that she met a funeral, and from the coffin blood flowed upon tbn ground. The bearers placed it at her feet, opened tbe lid, and exhibited her husband murdered, and bis heart torn out She awoke, as might be expected, in great terror. But here follows tbe moat incomprehensible part of the narrative. Her husband entertained an idiot cousin in the house, and he, in doggerel rhyme, repeated tbe very same dream to a liosoip, to whom the farmer's wife had related bets. That very night tbe farmer was murdered; and the next morning the poor idiot, to die horror of all, exclaimed as be rose from his bed, "TJlick"—Uiick M*guire jpraa the farmer's name—"is kilt! SbamusAhn More kilt him" (Shamue dhu More O Flana gan—big black James) "and buried him tinder the new ditch at the back of the garden. I dreamed it> last night—every word of it." Search was made at the spot indicated by the dream, and the body was found with the skull nearly cleft in two In the meanwhile O'FUnagan absconded and enlisted, but was subsequently arrested, confessed bis crime, and was executed. 