CHAPTER V.-A STARTLING CHARGE. To be able to inflict a severe physical de- feat upon an obtrusive admirer may be a highly convenient accomplishment, but the necessity for its exercise cannot but be a humiliating experience. Olivia Denison felt the hot tears rise to her eyes as she walked up through the farmyard to the hall. If only one of her own stalwart brothers, Edward or Ernest, were here to give this insolent cad the thrashing he deserved I But Edward was in India with his regiment, and Ernest was tied to a desk in a solicitor's office in London. She must depend upon her own arm and her own head for protection now } fortunately, neither was of the weakest, as she herself felt with some satisfaction. In fact, she scarcely knew yet what measure of strength, both mental and physical, was hers, for she had led hitherto an easy, sheltered life, idle in the sense that all her energy had been spent in amusing herself, happy but for certain uncongenial elements at home. Now th ere was to be a difference. Without being expected to know how it came to pass Olivia knew that papa had grown poorer -that he had become frightfully irritable about bills of late, and that various violent and spasmodic efforts at retrenchment, and papa's reiterated declarations that he must " do something" had culminated in the sale of the beautiful house at Streatham, and in the taking of Eishton Hall Farm. There was something not quite painful in the feeling that she would have to " do some- thing " too, and in the knowledge that she might now be able to turn her quickness of ere and hand to useful account in the service of the father whom she adored. What would his sensitive nature do among these Oldshaws, and these Williamses, and these Walls, with the most unpleasant and disturbing rumors afloat about the very clergyman in charge ? This was the reflec- tion which troubled Olivia's mind as she approached the hall for a second time, and going up the worn steps let herself in without any need to knock at the door. "Lucy!" she called, as she opened the door of the big room on the right. There was no answer. The room was deserted, and the fire had burnt low. Olivia shivered as she went in. The run down the hill had put her in a glow j the entrance into this mouldy old chamber chilled her. She put more wood on the fire, and sat down to await the return of Lucy, who, she did not doubt, had found the loneliness of the place too much for her nerves, and had gone out to look for her mistress. In a few minutes Olivia began to long even for the patter of a mouse's feet, for the song of a cricket, for any sign of life in the desolate old house, if it were only the sight of the loathy blackbeetle. The spirit of the unknown Nellie Mitchell seemed to haunt her. That girl, who had lived in the house, gone about her daily work in this room, whose mementoes still remained undisturbed and undecayed in these deserted old walls who was she ? What had become of her? rt Ask Mr. Brander"-so the odious Fred Williams had said, with intensely malicious significance. Should she dare to do this, and perhaps satisfy once for all those doubts of her new friend which not only the conflicting opinions of the vil- lagers, but certain morose and repellent changes of expression on his own face, had instilled into her? She could not decide. Between her doubts, her loneli- ness, and her sense of the difficulties of her desolate situation, the poor girl was grow- ing so unhappy, that when at last she heard the sound of footsteps upon the ground outside, she sprang up with a cry, and ran to the door, ready to force whoever it might he to share her vigil. On the doorstep she found Sarah Wall, whom conscience, or a glimmering notion that it might be as well to be " in wi't' new fowk," had brought baok to make inquiries. " Hasna' yer gooda coom?" she asked, rather apologetically. " No ; they won't come to-night now," answered Miss Denison with a sigh. " There's summat-a cart or a waggon or summat-at t' gate now." The hope was too much. Olivia gave a little cry. But when, a little later, there absolutely did drive up through the farm- yard, and draw up at the door, a small open cart closely packed, with bedroom furniture, she could scarcely keep from bursting into tears. For the first few minutes she was too overjoyed to perceive anything very singular in this arrival. In the front of the cart, beside the driver, sat two neat and buxom country girls, who sprang down to the ground with much suppressed excitement and half-hysterical laughter, and without any explanation of there presence, proceeded, with the help of the driver, to unpack the cart, and to carry the contents indoors and upstairs. Olivia stood back bewildered. One had a lantern and the other a broom; neither would advance a step towards the old house, or up the wide staircase, without the comfort and support of the other's near presence. But up they did go at last, stilling little screams at every other step, and returning the jibes of the driver with prompt retorts. This young man looked like a stable-boy, or perhaps a groom in undress. \ As he came down stairs again, after having taken up a fold- ing bedstead, Olivia asked him where he came from. " From t' vicarage, miss," he answered with a stableman's salute. .* Mr. Vernon sent us down and told us to put t' things in and coom back as quick as we could. T lasses was to clean oot a room oopstairs for ye." Sarah Wall was emitting a series of witch-like grunts in the background. » " Mr. Vernon !" cried Olivia; " Mr. Ver- non Brander. Oh, how very kind of him. How very kind." " He'll be down hisself just now, miss, I think," continued the lad ; " he said he'd coom wi't' second lot." . Here Mrs. Wall broke in with a pre- liminary croaking cough "Nea, nea. He wanna coom a-nigh this house. He coomed here too often in t' owd time. Nea, nea ! He wunna coom inside noo." " Howd tha tongue, Sal," said the lad, quickly. " Thoo'd get thasen in trouble wi't' vicar if he heerd tha prattling so o''s brother." Whereupon the old woman fell to inco- herent mumbling, and the lad, having disr charged his load, saluted the young lady again, and drove away. With a pleasant sense upon her that help, ready and efficient, was indeed come at last, Olivia went in- doors again, and, directed by the sounds of active sweeping, and at least as aotive chattering, found her way to the best bed- room in this part of the house, which the exertions of the two maids were quickly rendering habitable. They had brought with them even a large scuttlef ul of coals, anda supply of candles. In half an hour the room was swept, a fire lighted, carpet laid down, and two little beds and a suite of bedroom furniture disposed to the best advantage. " Mr. Vernon said we was only fco fit up one bedroom, ma'am, as you'd be sure to want your maid to sleep in the same room with you in this big empty house, miss," said the elder and more responsible of the servants. " Yes, that is quite true," answered MÍSB Denison, promptly. " And as soon as we had done this room we was to sweep out the big one down stairs. " Oh," said Miss Denison, " you need not I do that. One room is plenty for us to go j on with, and I don't wish you to have the trouble of doing any more." " Oh, it's no trouble, ma'am. And those were Mr. Vernon's orders. And when the master and the missus is away we have orders to do just as Mr. Vernon says, ex- actly as if he was master. You see, master thinks such a deal of Mr. Vernon." Here was another instance of the Btrange enthusiasm for Mr. Vernon Bran der, which, he seemed to excite equally with the most violent antagonism. " I wouldn't ha' come here hy myself, though ; not if Mr. Vernon had ordered me ever so ; no, and not if master and Mrs. Brander hadn't ordered me, too, that I wouldn't !" broke in the younger maid, with decision. Miss Denison caught sight of a severe frown and a bit of expressive pantomime, signifying that she was to hold her tongue, from her older and more discreet com- panion. " How is that P" asked the young lady. " Do you think this house is haunted ?" " Of course not, ma'am,!' broke in the elder. " Susan, you ought to be ashamed of yourself, telling such silly stuff. Of course, ma'am, when a house lies empty some time there's all sorts of tales get about, and I dare say if you hadn't come and taken it, in another year there'd ha' been a whole lot of ghost stories and such* like about it." Miss Denison saw that there was nothing to be learnt here, so she asked no more questions, but waited eagerly for the arrival of Mr. Brander. At last, from the position she had takenup on the steps outside the front door, she heard the clergyman's voice and the sound of wheels and hoofs at the same time ; a few seconds later the cart, again piled with furniture* ' slopped at the door, and Mr. Brander, springing down from his place beside the driver, held out a helping hand to the third ' person in the cart, who proved to be no ' other than Lucy. Instead of jumping out* 1 with her usual activity, the little maid * hung back in the most nervous manner* and finally had almost to be lifted out of the vehicle, uttering words of protest in a hoarse whisper. " Lucy ! . Why, what's the matter with you?" asked her young mistress, kindly, perceiving by the light of the lantern the clergyman carried that the bright red color had left the girl's round cheeks, and that her eyes were distended with some absorb- ing horror. " Nothing, Miss Olivia-nothing," stam- mered she, faintly., " I-I went but to look for you. I thought you might have lost your way--and--and--" " As Loen and I were driving down the hill, we met her, and, finding that she was looking for you, Miss Denison, I made her get up and come on with the luggage." He did not look at Lucy, neither did she look at him, and in the course of the work of unloading and furnishing in which they now both proceeded to take an active part, Olivia could not help noticing the ashy paleness that came over the maid's face, and the way in which she shrank into her- self, if accident brought her in close con- tact with the gentleman. The installation now went on merrily. To Olivia's great relief, Mr. Brander, contrary to Sarah Wall's prediction, showed not the least re- luctance to enter the bid house ; but went backwards and forwards between the cart and the big room until there was nothing left to bring in. "We haven't brought nearly enough furniture to fill this big room, you know," he .explained, as he trundled in a roll of carpet. " The cart would only hold just sufficient to make you a little oasis at the fireplace end ; but it's better than the bare boards, and to-morrow weil hope you'll have your own things about you." " Oh, Mr. Brander, I can't thank you," said Olivia, overwhelmed. " You have built a palace for us in the desert; but what will the vicar say ? He will come back and find that you have ransacked his beautiful house on behalf of two utter strangers 1 I shall never dare to look Mrs. Brander in the face after taking part in such a sacri- lege." " My brother would say nothing if I were to turn all the drawing-room furniture out into the churchyard," answered he promptly. " You musn't judge his temper by my black looks. He and I are as different as heaven and-earth. All the ladies fall in love with him." " Then I shall not," said Miss Denison, decidedly. " I like my loves all to my- self." Mr. Brander considered her attentively, with a quizzical look. " I should think you would," he said» smiling. " I am afraid you will be badly off down here-if, indeed, you could be badly off for admirers anywhere. The near- est approach to an eligible swain in these parts is the gentleman who escorted you . home." (XO BE CONTINUED.) 