Traveller. Indian Ghost Charms. The dread of ghosts is common to a)l ths aboriginal races of India, from whom it hat been very generally adopted by their Aryan conquerors, and even by the lower olaeses o' Mohammedans. All ghosts are believed to be mischievous, and some of them bitterly malicious, and tbc only way to oppose their rone or is to fcuiJr ebrines for them, ond to make them cfisr ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on rjrand occasion? of a baSalo. Any Eevere illness, and mor> especially any epidemic disease, such & small-poz or obolera, is attributed to tb< xnalignanay cf these spirits, who must bi propitiated aooordingly. The man-tiger is, parhapB, the moat dreaded of all these demon ghosts; for when & tiger has killed a man, the tiger is sir^poscd to be ssts from harm, as the spirit of the man rides upon bis head, and keeps him clcsr of danger. Accordingly, it is believed that the only aare mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people it to begin by making offerings to the epiritsof his victims, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. Ths ghosts most easily propitiated are those who have met a violent or nntimely death, whether by design or accident, in cluding poison and disease. Even women who die in childbirth or wretches who are hanged for their crimes are believed to have the same powers of causing their evil to the living as thoso who have been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent cause. All these deified spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting the manner of their death ; thus, the goet of a man killed by lightning is called the "Lightning Ghost," that of one killed by a snake, the " Snake Qhost," and so on. The ghosts of women who die dining childbirth are supposed to bs specially powerful and vindictive. Most of the deceased persons whose spirits are now worshipped were the ancestors of Eome of the aborigines, and as General Cunningham, the head of the archaeological survey of India, says, their worship is generally local, and confined to the limits occupied by their respective tFifcee, Xne ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consists mainly of the offering of goats, fowls, pigs, flowers, or fruit, of the recitation of prayers, end the singing cf certain mantras, or charms, the laet being the most important of all. These charms, which are always sang by men at the dif ferent shrinee, are of two kinds-the "Sabare charms" ana the "mystical in cantations." The former are addressed to the deified ghosts oi the dead, the perform ance being generally carried out in. the aountry, or the place where the oorpse vras bnrned, and the latter are used for the pur pose of compelling spirits to appear and re ceive the orders of the performer. 