THE SHELLEY CENTENARY. . Thursday next, August 4, is the hnn* cti-edth anniversary of the~blf tH oTSbelley, who ranks with Burns among the great Radical poets of the century, tihelley was highly educated j Burns hardly ' educated' at all. Shelley wrote epios in classic Eng. lish; Burns wrote popular songs in the rough Scotch dialect. But both wrote for the people and both hated with all their hearts caste and privilege and wrong. Among Shelley e simplest and most stirring verses are the following, being part of the celebrated 'MASQUE OP ANARCHY:' ' Men of England, heirs of glory, Heroes of unwritten story, Nurslings of-one mighty mother, Hopes of her and one another ! 'Rise, like lions after slumber, In unvanquishable number ! Shake your chains to earth, like dew Which in sleep had fallen on you ! ' What is freedom ? Ye can tell That which Slavery is too well, For its very name has grown To-an^eho^jf your -own. ? ' Tiff to wf»-k aT|d bavft Riir.h pay ? As just keeps life from day to day In your limbs as in a cell For the tyrants'1 use to dwell : ' So that ye for them aro made Loom, and plough, and sword, and spade; With or without your own wiU, tent To their defence and nourishment. ' 'Tis to see your children weak With their mothers pine and peak When the winter winds are bleak — They are dyiug whilst I speak. ' 'Tis to hunger for such diet As the rich man in his riot Oasts to tho f*t dogs that lie ? Surfeiting beneath his eye. ' Tis to let the ghost of Gold Take from toil a thousandfold Aiore than e'er his substaaco could In the tyrannies of old : \ I '? Paper coin— that forgery Of the title deeds which ye Hold to something of the worth Of the inheritance of Earth. ' 'Tis to be a slave in soul, 1 And to hold-no strong-eefttrol — H:*rar~yomi owB_giHg, . butfoe ? — r— — ^r- All that others make of ye. ' And, at length, when ye complain With a murmur weak and vain, ?Tis to see the tyrant's crew Ride over your wives and you — Blood~irTonTihegras6like dew! -c Then it is to feel revenge, Fiercely thirsting to exchange JBlood for blood and wrong for wrong ; Do not thus when ye are strong ! ' Birds find rest in narrow nest When weary of their winged quest ; Beasts find fare in woody lair when storm ana snow are in me air j ' Horses, oxen, have a home When from daily toil they come ; Household ^'ga, *gh«' t.hn wind rnara, ? Find a home within warm doors ; j ' Asses, swine, have litter spread, And with fitting food are fed.; ? . All things have a home but one— Tkrwi fl lT,r»flrUKliTna.n. hast none.! ' This is slavery !— Savage men, Or wild beasts within a den, Would endure not as ye do : But such ills they never knew. ?% ' What art thou, Freedom ? Oh ! couL' slaves # An8wer-fi?(»m-their4iving-grr*ve8 ? This-demaud, tyrants^rould tiee ? Like a dream 'a dim imagery. -' Thou art not, as impostors fay, j A shadow soon to pass away, A superstition, and a came Echoing from the cave of Fame. ' For the labourer, thou art bread _And a .comely table spread, ? . ? From his dauy labouroome, Injk neat and happy home. Thou art clothes and fire aud food For the trampled multitude. No — in countries cnat» are rree gUCfr BfaiTVB*'''' cannot he ? : ? Ab in England now we. see ! . . . . *?* To the rich thou art a check ; When his foojj is on the neck Of his victim, thou dost make That he treads upon a snake. 41 Thou art justice : ne'er for gold May thy righteous laws be sold As laws are in England ; thou Bhield'st alike the high and low. IF if ; * 'What if English toil and blood Was poured forth even as a flood? It availed,^ Liberty, To dim— but not extinguish thee. 'Thouartlove: therichhavekissed f Thy ieet, ana, lme tuffi-touowiug vw^ Criven their substance to the free, And through the rougii world followed tbee. ' Oh ! turn their wealth to arms, and make War, for thy beloved Jiake, On wealth and war aud fraud ; whence tney l_ Drew .the power which ifl their prey» I T- Let a great assembly be Of the fearless and the free On some spot of English ground ? [Where the plains stretch widearuuu* t 'liet the blue sky overhead, The green earth on which ye tread, All that must eternal be — ? Witness the solemnity. 'Let the laws of your own laud, T5ood^flllriDBtwBeriye-ste«'-V ? Hand to hand and foot to foot, Arbiters of the dispute— ? ' The old laws of England— they Whose reverend heads with age are gray. Children of a jsisejid^yj ? ? ? And whose solemn voice must be I Thine own echo— Liberty ! 'On those who first should violate Such sacred heralds in their state Rest the blood that must ensue ; And it will not rest on you. ' And, if then the tyrants dare, Let them ride among you there, - Slash and Btab and maim and hew . What they like, that let ttiem ao. * * ? * ' Every woman in the land Will point at them as they sfcand They will hardly dare to greet Their acquaintance in the street . ' And the slaughter to tbe nation ; Shall steam up like inspiration, Eloquent, oracular, i A volcano hoard afar. * * * Rise, like lions after slumber In unvanquishable number ! Shake your ohains to earth, I** ,* W hWin sle/phad fallen onfyou ! J^^i^a-theyfttefewl | 