yUSER SEHtEICE! ^ ? | ?IxlORFOLk. ISLAND. I j&FJTnsvrEc; k:-:«sk£5«, 10. EIIE BITEP. 3IITE". s'Uzimmons waa not troubled again by his tormentors, the two constables. It did not 'T/ura'e scheme that they Ehoald be pry s: 'Z about ithe house, and they got a quiet bint lions one c£ the highest officials not to bother t he old hotkeeper any more. Daring the Eueseeding cay on which he paid his visit to the convict bestmaa, Ward was exceedingly busy. lie visited no les<s than six of the out lying shepherd prisoners, end won upon them to such an extent-by the aid of a glib tongue and tohaeoo-that they each promised tc visit Fitzimmon3' hnt that night, armed v.ifch the password. He even made arrange ments whereby Hencriek found himself at Jibsriy tc join the conspirators, and complete the secret circle. Ward had, in fact, gone to the command ant, and told him an untruthful story abont having discovered the beginning of a serious plot, and he named certain conviets con cerned in it. He asked-so that matters might be brought to a crisiB-that these men bs ail owed as much liberty as possible, in order that they .might attend the rendezvous, tinA his request vrae at once granted. Tha hutiteepers and;sfaepherds were most ly in a position to move about at night, al though it was rot allowed, but a man belong ing to the prison gang like Hei-driek was in n different position.. .. As it was necessary that he should attend the conspirators meet ing. hcjffss t old cll Gb a night patrol amoDgst that section or the-ioiest hutkeepers in which Fitzimmons1 dwelling lay. At cicht o'clock on the night of April the 4;h, 1SA7, nine men were assembled in Fitz i^nraouh" nut. They were conviets Hendriek, Sleyrick, Filsiramons, Evans, Haddon, Luke, JI'Kiciey, Carter, and free boatman Ward, Tcey had reached tha place in a stealthy manner, and it was evident that the gather jag was for no good purpoee. Each of them fiive the hatkeeper the password-Wild Tobacco/' when they came so the door. 'With the exception of Jf^jyrics, who had received it from Rendrick after the latter's interview with Ward, the felons had all got the watch word from the boatman. The evening was Serrihiy wild and stoimy. Sach a one as when Tam O'Shsnter took the road to Kirk Alioway in, when .' A child that night might understan' The desl had business on his han."* The comfortless interior of the squalid hut with the darkness made visible by a " dip" f.ight did not add cheerfalness to the anxious and glaomy faces of the occupants. When She last man entered Fitzimmons secured the door with a beam of wood, and they all sat around a ricketty table on some rnde benches. Hendrick was the first to break the silence by alluding to the business which had brought them together. " Yca know, men, why we have come bere, X Enppose," he began ; " we want to free our selves from misery and cruelty. We were bad enough oft a month ago, bat now ws are much worse. Tbe little privileges which made our hsrd lot bearable have been with drawn, end we are worse than any slaves on earth. For my part I cannot stand it any longer. If I fail in obtaining freedom 1 shall ba hanged, of course, but that is better than feeing slowiy flogged to . death, and I see no Season why a general rising should fail." *? There is not tbe slightest doubt of eco cass if everyone pulls together," broke in Ward. ? " If the plot is properly laid it can not fail, and by striking tfce blow quickly it will be all the better, for the authorities do .jot dream of another outbreak EO. soon after W estwood's Bissng." " Aye, we must move with caution," said Sitzimmcn;. " Westwood's revolt wa8 well pisnned, and yet it did not sncceed. We have crafty men to deal with, who have power ?>ehind them, and it will take a. great blow to break it." " The January rising was & perfect bungle," replied the boatman, warmly. " Why did Ihey not get the prisoner?, at Longriage and CiEcade to join them. The settlement woold ba in their bands now if that had been done. 7t allowed the major and commandant to get toinforeements from these places, instead of being obliged to_seca forassietancp to them.. At Lwgr-dge there was only twenty eight men to guard six hundred prisoners. The harsdfulr.f military there could have been ( wept away like chs£E before the wind had the <"<5nv!Ci3 wished. The eame conid have been j tfone by tbe four hundred prisoners at Cas- 1 cade, and the thousand men thus liberated {ould have . swept down on the rear of the 'farracke at Sydney Bay, and snapped up its isv> defenders. Nothing could have pre sented it. Less then two hundred men would Ijave been hemmed in between two thousand recperate convicts, fighting for life and liber ty, and nothing short of a miracle could have raved the authorities. I tell ycu if a general rising is arranged at all the priBonc, it must r'uoceed." The arguments of Ward seemed to have Considerable effect on his auditors, who list ened to bid with ? breathless interest. At length M-jj rick said, " What would you st-. Eir, as a good plan to adopt ?" " Firrt cf all it wi!l be necessary to get all fie leading and trustworthy convicts on your i:ide. Between you all that ought to be eesily clone. You each know some of the prisoners rrhi can be truetcd, and they in turn will know ethers who will be faithful. Thus the -plot will widen .cut like a watery circle antil "a embraces all worlh having. Of course, tfhtn you get a majority cf the prisoners on your side the minority will have tc follow, in the meantime the details of tbe plan must he arranged and confided to your friends, who will carefully spread it around. When that i^ done-and as soon as possible after, to prevent the possibility of a waverer turning traitor-a suitable occasion must be fixed for the general rising. I think & good plan ?would be to set fire tc, say the Cascade priEon. at eight. The chief officers would hurry there from, Sjdnev Bay and Lonjrridge stations with all the available hands they could muster, and then the rising couid take place at these pieces; Daring tbe confusion of the fire at Cascade most of the prisoners could escape and assemble in eome appointed place. If a small guard were placed over the convicts to prevent escape, it would ba a ?very simple matter ro overpower it, The de tails could bs arranged beforehand. I am only giving a general outline of what would be a gaod plan." Ward spoke this with an esmeatness that appeared to be sincere, and as if warming nc with the theme, be added, " I suppose most oE you will wonder why I. who am a free man, should tuggest such a plot as this to you. i'il soon tt li ycu. First ly, I am in disgrace, and don't care how hoon I leave this piace, but that is not the reason I am risking my life to'-nigbt. I bate the accursed convict system. In Vjh Dae mon's Land I have two brothers wearing out their lives.in penal servitude, although they are innocent x,x ahcrime. They were con victed in Dnblin crisis' evidence of a rulliaa ly informer named Oolslley, and sentenced to transportation for life. Iihaye sworn to rescue them.;and'for lhat purpose I managed to get a sitaation ^s-boalmiur at tha prison of Port Arthur in Vin Dieraah'j3 Land. When I was there a few weeks the superintendent fGund out by some means who I was, and I was at onee sent here.. I hare been dissatis fied ever since, and having seen the cruelties of the eysiera I am more than ever anxious to release my brothers. As I cannot do ic by' remaining here, I am glad of the removal *hai awaits me, and.for the sake of my suffer ing relatives I wish to assist those who are similarly placed." The free boatman had & glib toDgne, and was doing most cf the talk. His last speech would have been excellent had it been true, but it bad the trifling drawback of being false from beginning to end. With the exception of one person the whole of his listeners re garded it as gospel, and began to look neon Vi'ard as little inferior to a saint, a real mes senger of good tidings. When, as if overcome by the sympathetic feelings which tbe me mories of his brothers evoked, he followed uj» the recital with a plug of tobacco all j round, their gratitude knew no bounds. Al though naturally suspicious, the convieta were thrown off their guard and completely hoodwinked by the wily informer-al' but one, and that was Meyrick. That felon, eat regarding the boatman with a strange and ominous fire in his eyes. The feeble light did sot permit Ward to ees his face closely, or be might have taken alarm. The man seemed to be evolving old recollections, and gradually his countenance became convulsed with passion and his hands twitched nerv ously. As Ward rose to go, he, with a power ful tSort, regained a measure of compos ure. *« We will all meet here the evening after to-morrow," said the boatman as he le!t them, the understanding -being that each should depart separately. A storm was rag ing outside, and the free boatman made his way towards the chief prison, muttering as he went. " It's fairly started, but 1 must get a couple of dozen more in before I have them nabbed." When he had passed the door of the hut Meyrick went to it, and peered out into the darkness after him. He was soon lost in the gloom, but still the man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit ap the forest, and re vealed Ward making fcr the settlement. Then he closed the door carefully, and alter securing it walked to the table and took bis former eeat. His face was rigid and white, so much so that even the obtuse convicts noticed it; "Have yon seen a ghost?" asked Hend rick, that being supposed to be the popular cause of frightening people at night. " Would to God it was that and nothing more I had seen," replied Meyrick in a solemn voice. " I have seen the ghost of former days certainly, but that is not half so fearful as the reality of tbe presest.- l ms; as well tell yon, men, that we are all lost. Nothing can save us." " Are we watched ?"ezclaimed the convicts starting to their feet in affright. " How arc we lost J" ^ " I don't ihink we are watched yet, bat I am sure that by to-morrow morning the com mAndart will Jinowtbateaoh of us was here, and every thing-that passed, with -a good deal that never pasEed." You don't mean to say that Mr Ward is a spy, surely V they asked. "Ida; and lean tell you more. His name 13 not Ward at all, bni Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The Etory he told us about his brothers is all falsr, bat if he had not said it I would probabiy never have recognised him, although I thought there was something about him familiar to me. When he mentioned O'Malley I knew him at once, although he is greatly changed. He is'the most diabolical villain that walks the earth to-day. Listen for a few minntes and I will tell yoa who oar new found friend is that even now is weaving the rope to hang us." " In this beginning "of 1840 I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before me. I felt like many another patriotic Irish man that my country waB badly governed, and I longed to see her independent. I was a member of a clnb called " Erin's Band." it was an harmless sort of an affair, where a number of young fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting the deeds and ancient glory of Hibernia. Towards the end of the year I mention, one Michael Mal ley was admitted a member, and became very popular with his club fellows. I eaw at once that he was a firebrand and took a dislike to him, which he cordially reciprocated. Day after day he insidiously incalculated tfce doc trine of force into the impressionable and fiery young men.' He almost worked the society into a revolutionary body, and at last the crash came, A conflict with a body of military took place between them and a number of tbe club men. I was amongst the latter, and tried hard to prevent the disturb ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley came ont in his trne colors. He was a paid Government informer, and Bwore enough to hang us. Nine .'tenths of his evidence was false. Acts that he had committed were attributed to me, and the end was that inyEelf and four other members of the club were sentenced to transportation fcr life. It transpired during the trial tbat O'Malley had been an informer for several years, bat his last exploit would have cost him his life had he not been spouted away by the authorities. My companions and my. self were sent to Port Arthur prison, and a few months after I was transferred here. Tiiefact of those poor men being there may have had something to do with O MaHey'a removal to this place, for it was currently reported in Dublin that I had vdie{L.-and no doubt tbe informer accepted it as true. You will judge by this what sort of a man we have to deal with. I am sure be is in league with the officials, and tbis ie a ' put np' job." The deluded conspirators sat and locked at the speaker, but for a time their tongues were dumb. . At length Hendriok said, j " I can see we have been led into a trap, ; bnt it's not too late yet to get out of it. ? Ward wiil be here in a couple oC nighis, and i I don't tbink he suspects anything We can ! deal with him then." | The other men said nothing, but as they ! left the hnt and weet out into tbe darkness : of t'ae raging j-torm, occasionally lit up by i the lurid flashes of lightning, their looks spoke more eloquently than words of the more awful storm of passionate revenge which was tossing their hearts. Panotual to time on tbe night appointed the conspirators met at Fitzimmona' hut again. Ward was unusually elated, for he had met with much success that day amongst certain of the convicts, and the plot was ripen ing fast. He: gave the assembled felons an elaborate plan oithe various prisons, and de tailed certain points which it would be neces sary to observe. He also informed them that transports were expected in a fortnight's time, and it would be necessary to carry out the conspiracy before they came. It was nearly ten o'clock when he left the plotters, and the night was unusually dark, lie did not go alone, for Meyrick said he would accompany him a short distance to wards his own destination. They had not got fifty feet from the hut when Hendnck, Evans, and Haadon opened the door and silently followed them into the sombre for est . "Haveyon seen Ward lately, Daniels?" the civil commandant aefeea the major three days after the second meeting in Fitzicimon'a hue, as he met him in the outer yard. "Ihavenot. Is he missing ?" " He has not been eeen at hia quarters for three days, and that is suspicious. The work ba is engaged on ia rather hazardous," said the cofflKiscdact. '. I think ic would be advisable to eend ont a geareh party after him. Yon nave a good idea, I suppose, where he might have met with foul play," returned Major Du nic:e. .' Yee. If he does not appear to day I will have a search made to-morrow." Tee ires boatman did not appear, and a rigid Bearch was made in iho vicinity of Fiiz irtimenfc' hut at first, and then in every part cf s::e ia'and, bat without, any trs-Cfi ef tea missing man being found. Two days after, ^hiiot the icei gang w^re at work in Sidney Buy, an object tame floating towards mem, ria;ns and falling with the wnvee. 'As it carae cioser it. was discovered to be the hidecusr nody ef a man, wtsich was BcarceJy id.ivi\iiiib'.e, as thtt ot WiWiaia.'Wateti. free boatman, eiias Michael O'Maliey, infuriiser. Thfe doctor found that the skull was Jraa tared, and the ^opposition wasibat the man I had first been struck down, rendered insen eib'e, ana thrown into Sydney Bay. . The commandant ti°;td hard to find the murder ers by offering a free pardon to any accom plice who would inform, but it was in vain, alihongh be shrewdly suspected wfco the rourderers were. Years afterwards, when MeyricJt was on his death bed at the convict station in West Australia, he confessed to having struck the fatal blow, and helped to throw the body into the sea. The '? Wild Tobacco Plot " only brought dieaeter to its originator. Next week the fiecords vrill be continued Under the title of '* Mad Theodore." This mil dp-cribe a tragic and extraordinary event that took place at Catscade Prieon in the be ginning of 1847. 