Salvation Armies. ' Salvation Armies : Past, Present, and Future ' was the title of a discourse delivered in the Uni tarian Church on Sunday evening by the Rev. George Walters. In opening the rev. gentleman referred to the early Hindoo faith, which seemed to him to have been a bright and cheerful one before it fell under the blighted influence of the priesthood, who took the verv soul out of it, but which was ultimately delivered by Buddha. Brought up from childhood amidst luxury aud splendor, Buddha was altogether unconscious of the poverty and misery existing around him, until one day his heart was smitten at the si^ht of a poor, wretched man who chanced to cross his path. This set him thinking aud led him to make further inquiries, only to discover that the earth abounded in such miserv, whereupon he deter mined to surrender his house and home, title and power, in order that he might go and live among his fellowmen to give them courage and hope in their despair. One of the incidents related in con nection with the life and teachings of JBuddha was the beautiful story of the black mustard seed and tha poor woman who sought his counsel and assistance as to a remedy for her child suffering from snakebite. Buddha told her that the remedy lay in a seed — the black mustard seed — which she must obtain in some house which had not been visited by the hand of €eatb. The poor woman started on her errand, but after calling at every house, returned weary of foot with the sorrowing tale that her search had been fruitless, aud that there was not a single house that had escaped. 'Then,' said Buddha, 'you have found the bitter balm I had to give thee.' Speaking of the popular doctrines of the present day he considered that the Salvation Army, though its creed was a horrible one, could lay the best claim to consistency. Ho thought, however, it did much harm by dragging religion down to the masses, instead of raising the masses up to a proper conception, of what religion, -was. The Salvation Army of the future must leave all theological notions on one Fide and work ration ally. This army of the future, he considered, would be an army or schooiteacners, of earnest men and women who believed in a higher power and nobler faith, and would do all in their power to spread it among mankind. Every day problems would have to be faced, problems which were of much more vital interest to working men, than discussions among theologians as to the personality of the Holy Ghost. What cared men for the latter, sur rounded as they were with poverty and misery? Men must first be lifted f rcm such meshes, and given more lofty ideas of God, of their own seuls, and of the world in which they live. Overheard in George-street. — Old lady, point ing to two Chinese in European costume, ob serves: 'They may dress theirselves how they like, but they'll always be ' magnolias.1 ' Hence China is called the ' Flowery Land.' — O.E.D. A special sermon on' Lessons from the Grave of the Late Prince' was preached by thfeRev. E. Adams at the Willoughby Congregational Church, on Sunday. There 'was a large congregation. The ' Dead March in Saul ' was played before the service. The Sydney Wool-selling Brokers' Association lias decided to continue the weekly wool sales till February 4, after ?which^iiha-for&wghtly; series TOU^ommeace, 