REVIEW. The Death of OEnone, Akbar's Dream, and other Poems. By ALFRED LORD TENNYSON, Poet Lau-, reate. London : Macmillan and Co., I892. It is not possible to take up this last book from the pen of the poet who for 60 yours has delighted the English-speaking race, and who now has laid aside his pen forever, without a certain melancholy interest. We find in this book echoes of the late Laureate's older songs, while not the least in melancholy interest is that whioh was chanted, at his funeral, " The Silent Voices :" When the dumb Hour, clothed in black, Brings tbe Dreams about my bed, Call me not so often back, Silent Voices of the dead. Toward the lowland ways behind me, And tbe sunlight that is gone ! Call me rather, silent voices, Forward to the starry track, Glimmering up the heights beyond me, On, and always on ! The name of the poem occurring first in the title page will carry the thoughts of the reader back a long way--back, indeed, to that early man- hood of the dead poet when he gave the world that first edition of "OEnone" whioh was to definitely show forth that a new singer had taken up the echoes of the songs of the ages. In this poem of "The Death of OEone" the story is carried on, as Tennyson says in his dedication to the master of Balliol, in a form of the old-world tale Which, cast in later Grecian mould, Quintus Calaber, Somewhat lazily handled of old. in this poem OEone sees Paris " climbing towards her with the golden fruit," and he presently advances, "struok by a poisoned arrow in the fight ' ' He makes appeal to the sbephordesa to save him, " I wrought thee bitter wrong, but then for- give ; " bnt she drives him away, pitiloas. Paris dies, and the shepherd» build him a pyre, while Onono sleeps in her cave until she dream» she hears th« voice of hex lover calling her. , She rise« and follow», until > shs gala», the broader val«, and saw The ring of f sees reddened by the Sames. A question as to who i« laid on yondor pyre ro- mains unanswered, and Then moving quiokly forward till th« beat Bmote on bar brow, shs lifted up a voice Of shrill command, " Who bums upon th« pyrst" Whereon their oldest and their boldest s sid. " He whom thou woulds't net heal," and «11 at one» The morning; light of banpy marriage broke Thro' all the clouded years of widowhood. And muffling up her comely bead and erring, " Husband I" she leapt upon the funeral pits, And tntxt bersolf with hlu and post in fire. " Akbar's Dream " is a long philosophical poem, and full of striking things like this frag- ment of an address to the sun, Shadow-maker, shadow-slayer, arrowing light from clime to clime. Hear thy myriad Ian-rates hail thee Monarch to their wood- land rhyme. Warble bird, and open flower, and men, below the dome of azarure Kneel adoring Him the Timeless in the flame that measures Time ! Akbar has a dream of a religion summing up all that is best in the systems of the world, for " There is light in all, and light, with more or less of shade, in all man-modes of worship ; " and in his effort to " alchemise old hates into the gold of Love " he builds a temple " neither Pagod, Mosque, nor church, but loftier, simpler, always open-door'd to every breath from heaven." Even as he dreams rain overtakes this creedless temple of his imagining, but From out the sunset poured an alien race Who fitted stone to stone again, and Truth, Peace, Love, and Justice came and dwelt therein. Nor in the field without were seen or heard Fires of Suttée, nor wall of baby wife Or Indian widow, and in sleep I said " All praise to Alla by whatever hands My mission be accomplished ;" but we hear Music : our palace is awake, and more Has lifted the dark eyelash of the Night From off the rosy cheek of waking Day. In " St Tolemaohns " wo got a legend founded on the suppression by the Emperor Honorius of tho gladiatorial contests. The saint is a recluso who, visiting Rome and entering th« Colosseum, leapt down among the combatant« to »top the fighting ; at which remonatranco tho enraged populace stoned tho saint, whereupon Honorina interdiotod tho contests, and Tclcinachua's act becamo .' a deed that woke tho world." Somo thing that will strike the reador with a greater sense of familiarity is an ficho of "The Northolm -Farmer," in tho ehapo of a dryly humorous bit callol "The Curato and the Churchwarden." Tho churchwardou was ona« a Baptist, as ho says For X w or a Bsptli wonst, au' agcln tho toithe an' the raille. Tul I fun that it wara't not the gaSlaist waay to the narra Gate. An' I can't abeir 'em, I can't, far a lot on 'oin cooin'd fa-year I wur qown vti' the rheumatls thon-to es«/ pond to wesb . thessous thcere Ka I sticks like tho Ivin as long as I lives tothe owl Church Bow, Fur they wa»h'd their sins f r\\*j pond, aa' I doubt» tbey peison'i! tho cow the curate was his old parson's lad, to whom he is under an obligntion to givo sound advice : An' thou'll bo 'is Curate 'ere, but, if iver tis means to git 'igher, Th» mun tackle tho sins o' the Wo'ld, an' not the faults o' tim S1 lire. An' 1 reckons tba'll light of a Urin' »oaiewheers 1' ths Wowd or t!ie Fen, Iftha cottuns donn to thy bettors, an' kceCf» thysca to thysen. Bnt ills uj not sptik plaaln out, If tha wants to git larrards But crcehp along the bedge-bottoms, and thou'll be a Bishop yit. These four aro the most noticenhlo poems in the volume, but among the briefor efforts wo get many a subtlo touch of tho old charm. In ' Meohanophilus " we mcot with such passage, as this :- I As we surpass our father's skill Our sons will shame our own ; A thousan 1 thin:« ara hidden anil And not a bundnsl known ; and line» Uko those, from " Poets and Critio«," »eom to embody tha results of personal experi- ence : Sing thmv low, or loud, or «weet. At all point« t'i u canst not meet, borne will pass and some will paus*. Whit Is true nt la>t will tell ¡ Few at flr-t w.ll place thee well ï fwme too low v, otild havo thee shine. Borne too hlph-no fault of thmo Hold thine own. aud work thy will 1 Tear will graze the heel ol yew. Hut seldom comes the poet acre, And the critio's rarer st! 1. In a poom calleJ .' The Dr.\amcr " there aro echoes of a tono whioh rando itself heard lu tho late Laureate's earlier »trains, as when ho makes a "Voice of tho Earth" exprès« itself in this wise : I nm losing the light of my youth An I the vision ihat led me of old, And 1 clash with an iron truth , When t toaks for an age of gold. And I would that my race were roa. For teaming with }iars, nnd roadmen, and knave«, And weaned of autocrats, anarch*, and slaves. And darken'd with doubts of a faith that mt**. And enrosan idth battle« and hollow with graves. To thtt wail of my winds, and the moan of my wave» I whirl, and 1 follow the sun. Yet another echo of tho spirit of the «oientlflo movement of the ago is to bo found in somo versea bearing the title *' Tbo Making of Man." Thero is, perhaps, no moro interesting study in con- nection with the {UTUíiil of Tennyson than to noto tho way» and means ho has of giving expression to the popular impressions willoh each successive advance of scientific discovery or «peculation loavos after it. "Locksley Hall "was full of such echoes, but there ia hardly anything that is quite so definite aa this : Where is one that, bim of woman altogether can escapa From tho lower world within bim, moods of tiger, or of ape! -dan as yet is being made, and a- the crowning Age of ages, Shall not «son after moa pass an! touch him into shape t Tho idol underlying these line« repeat« iUolf in the volume moro than onco, a» for example in this extract from " The Dawn :" lied of the Dawn ! Is It turning a fainter red I so hu It, but when shall we lay The Ghost »f tho Brut« that is walking and haunting tis yet, and be freo I In a hundred, a tiioustsd winters ? Ah, what will our 1 children be. The inca of a hundred thousand, a million summers awayl A poem called " Charity " haa mora strength in it than roost of the poem» in this book, which will not add muoh on the wholo to the poet's re- putation. The dedication, to an unnamed friend, is worth quoting : There on tho top of the down, The wild heather round r.o, aad over me -Tons'» high bins. When I look'd st the bracken to bright »ad th« heather ao brown, I thought to myself I would offer this book to you, This and roy love together, To you that «re seventy-seven. With a faith «a clear a» ths height» of the «Tuns-blue heaven, And a fancy as summer-new A» th» green of the bracken »mid th« gloom of th« heather. The main Interest of tha volume, however, will consiat in the foot that it ia the laat from Tenny- son's pen, and in this spirit some line» from " The Wanderer " have a touch of v»lediotory patho«, whore the poet »ddrossoa those about him : The gleam of household auashla« «ada, ?ad here no longer can I rest ; Farewell l-you will not speak, my Meads, Unfriendly of your parted guest. I «rant you kind, I hold you ttu« ; Bat what moy follow who can tell 7 Give me a hand-and you-and vou And deem rae grateful, and farewell ! 