¡i S*] ' ¡j ¡1 THE DEMON DRUMMER OF CORTACHY I fl CASTLE. ¡' ?itt We will now proceed to describe in this manner the curious circumstances connec- ted with the Portent of Cortachy Castle, Iin Forfarshire, the residence of the Ogilvies, Earls of Airlie. We must pre- mise that the main facts we ¿re about to record occurred in 1844. It was about Christmas time in that year, and falling dusk, when a travelling carriage containing a lady and her maid was approaching the thick mass of wood that surrounds Cortachy. Castle. The weather was seasonable, and the occupants of the carriage were anxious to reach their journey's end. "Gae awa wi'ye, ye lazy loon," cried the waiting-woman to the coachman. " My leddy's wantin' to be at the castle before the morn." " Mebbe yell be no so glad to bide in it," muttered the man, as he urged his steaming horses forward. " He's just as slow 's a snail," remarked the woman. "The night's lowering, and the place has a haunted look about it; mercy on us ! " "Nonsense," replied Miss Dalrymple, her mistress, who had little sympathy with ghosts, warlocks, or any other of the visitants who are supposed to return to this world. " Nonsense, girl." "Mebbe it is, and mebbe it's no," was the hand-maid's reply. "Heaven be* praised, we're nigh the castle noö." The carriage soon halted at the gate of the old pile, which frowned down upon the two women who sought its hospitable portals. Miss Dalrymple, a friend of the family, had come to spend. a few days with the Earl of Airlie, to whom Cortachy belongs, and anticipated a pleasant sojourn. Cortachy Castle, the ancient residence of the Ogilvies, is situated in the western division of Forfarshire ; in a valley, well wooded, and watered by the Southern Esk. The trees and old. gardens are remarkable. The grounds are well laid out, and several bridges are crossed in the approach to the house. The mansion itself has undergone some repairs and additions since its first erection. It is a rather handsome building, with turrets and machicolations. There are some forty rooms in the building, the reception rooms being of considerable extent, and lofty. Several family portraits adorn the Walls. The visitor and her maid were speedily admitted and welcomed to the castle, but owing to the delay in arrival, Miss Dalrymple had: not much time to spare before dinner. She was kindly received by her hostess, and escorted to her rooms, where she soon, in the comforts of her surrounding, forgot the disagreeables of her journey. Her maid was quickly in attendance, and commenced to assist her mistress in her toilette. ' There's company in the house-a-many ladies and gentlemen,' remarked the woman, aB she proceeded to dress Miss Dalrymple. * Yes, no doubt,' was the reply, and Miss Dalrymple relapsed into Bilence. A strange feeling possessed her. She was pre-occupied. Her senses seemed attuned to a high pitch, owing, perhaps, to the excitement of travelling, for she was not fatigued. Refreshed by change of dress, she dismissed-her maid, and seating herself in front of the fire, awaited the summons to dinner patiently. There was something solemn in the ap- pearance of the room, bright though it was with fire and candle. Outside, the dim light had faded into darkness. The towers and turrets of the castle had all disap- peared in the obscurity. Beneath the ancient casement stretched the old court- yard, scene of many a pageant. The loop- holed battlements loomed through the gathering mist, and if Miss Dalrymple had peeped out of her deeply embrasured case- ment, she would have, hardly been able to do more than pick' out the windows, now lighted up in various portions of the castle. No announcement of dinner had sum- moned her, and she was already beginning to wonder at what hour the meal would be served, when her attention was aroused by the sound-^-a faint, distant sound-of a : drum. Distinctly, a drum, which seemed to be overpowering some wild, distant music. She listened for a moment, thinking that this was, perhaps, the manner in which the earl announced the dinner time to his guests. Some chiefs have their pipers, and Miss Dalrymple, now for the first time a visitor at Cortachy, thought that the mar- tial kettle-drum might there announce the meal to those residing in the castle. She rose and looked out from the win- dow. No one. was visible in the court, indeed, she hardly expected to see anyone in the gloom, and besides, the tapping of the drum was not loud, but very distinct. The other soundB were fainter. This was rather a curious circumstance, and Miss Dalrymple could not, quite fathom it. Was it the dinner-call or not? While she was pondering thus a gong sounded through the corridors, and her uncertainty was at an end. She descended to the drawing-room. A number of guests had already assembled, and conversation was flowing. The signal for dinner was given, and Miss Dalrymple found herself confided to a pleasant man, . an officer apparently. ; They exchanged, a few words on their way to the dining room. ? ": A curious old pile this," he remarked. " Charming situation when you approach it; quaint place.". "Yes; and such a medioeval air about it," she replied. " Fancy announcing dinner with a tattoo." " With a what ? " he asked suddenly, glancing round with some consternation as he was speaking. " A tattoo? a drum ?,; " A drum I you surely heard the beating of the drum to announce dinner ? " she said. " No, I cannot say that I did ; and, excuse me, MÍBB Dalrymple, I can hardly think that you would like to confess sc much either. Here we are ; allo\\* . me-" The guests were seated, and the conver- sation became general. Miss Dalrymple had been somewhat piqued by the chal- lenge advanced by her escort, and made one or two inquiries, during the firsl courses, regarding the drumming whicb she had heard. But her companion de- clined to pursue the subject. He wai quite unable or unwilling to give her anj information. Her curiosity naturally burned all the more fiercely ; but it migh never have been satisfied if Lady Airlie had not addressed to her a remark con corning the castle in the general way-the situation, and so on. Miss Dalrymple replied, and then re- marked quietly, with a smile : "You certainly retain your feudal customs here! I was quite amused when dinner was so quaintly announced." " What do you mean ? " asked her hostess sweetly, smiling as she spoke. At the same moment came a whisper from her neighbour-" Hush ! pray be silent." But the lady was curious, and ignoring any warning, continued almost defiantly, glancing back at her neighbour : " Why, the drummer. He was beating a tattoo under my window for quite a minute before the gong sounded. Who is your drummer, Lord Airlie ?" Even the bold Miss Dalrymple could hardly have been prepared for the effect of her remarks. Though she had been warned, and, therefore, had suspected that some secret lay concealed beneath the mysterious drumming, she was quite surprised at the effect of her statement, and looked, as she felt, guilty, and almost as pale as Lord Airlie himself. A dead silence supervened. No one véntured to speak. Even the servants stared at her in confusion, and if she had accused her host of some terrible crime, her hostess could hardly have betrayed more agitation in her white face. What had she done? A general feeling of embarrassment fell upon all present, and not till Lord Airlie called upon the butler to hand the wine did anyone completely return to the observances of the table. All were evidently ill at ease. Miss Dalrymple turned to her neighbour, and was about to put a leading question, but he was then engaged in some ap- parently interesting conversation with the lady on the other side. The gentleman on her left did not seem much inclined to enter into conversation on the subject, and all the other guests looked very uncomfortable. Lady Airlie and her husband did all they could to enliven the party, but; it was evident that their thoughts were elsewhere. The lady who had dropped this fatal bomb-shell of inquiry into the assembly sat shame-faced and silent, yet as anxious as ever to ascertain the reason of the effect she had caused ; but it was not until late in the evening that she found her oppor- tunity to fathom the mystery of the drum- mer who had plunged the whole household into gloom. The servants cast anxious glances at each other and at their master and m^tress,- whispers were heard on the stairs, and the usual hilarity of the servants' hall was intermitted, A deadly chill had fallen upon the household. Miss Dalrymple, much surprised, made bold to inquire the reason of this extra- ordinary result from an elderly lady near whom she found herself seated after the gentlemen had entered the drawing-room, rather late. She accordingly put her question carefully. " Is it possible that you are unacquainted with the family tradition ? " said the lady addressed. " Tradition you may term it, but, unfortunately, the warning has but too often proved true." " Do you mean that there is any ill fortune pending ? " whispered Miss Dal- rymple, rather alarmed at this opening. The old lady nodded. "It means death," she replied in a low tone. "Death!" "Death!" exclaimed the other. "Be- cause a local drummer sounds his instru- ment in the dusk of a winter's evening. It is impossible-absurd ! " " You heard no drum beaten by human hands," replied the dowager, solemnly. "The phantom drummer for generations has given warnings to the family, and those warnings have been invariably ful filled. The drummer was heard beating his drum round the house before the late countess died, and the earl is naturally very anxious about his present wife." <« Dear mel I am very sorry that I mentioned the circumstance ! Is there, any reason for this visitation ? To what cause is it attributed ? " 44 I cannot give you all the particulars," replied the old lady ; " but I have heard that many years ago a herald drummer, who had been sent to the castle to demand conditions, was seized, and, as an answer to his chief, thrust into his own drum, and flung from the window of ono of the turrets." 44 Near my apartment, I suspect," ob- served Miss Dalrymple, medita ively. 44 Probably, lt seems that the unfortu- nate emissary declared that if he were treacherously killed he would haunt the castle evermore. He has been as good as his word." 44 Have any other people heard the warning ? " 44 Oh, yes. It has been frequently heard by visitors and the servants. Many people, now living can substantiate the fact. There is no possibility of mistake." 44 Certainly I heard the drum," said Miss Dalrymple ; and I had no idea that any such tradition attached to the house. I wish I had not inquired. It is extremely unfortunate." 44 The result would have been the same," replied the dowager. " Others heard it, no doubt, but forbore to mention it. It will not harm you." she added, smiling, as she rose to retire. " Good night." 44 Good night," replied Miss Dalrymple ; and a general move being now made by all the ladies, she retired to her room, much impressed by what she had heard. She thought that she would question her attendant when she reached her apartment, and substantiate the report by evidence from the servants' hall, and so confirm, or, mayhap* quell, the mystery, But in the r latter expectation she was disappointed, for the maid was full of the subject, and entirely believed the warning. In vain did her mistress try to account for the sound. Every speculation failed- rats, mice, workmen, even poking the fire was suggested, and the rooms examined, only to be rejected by both women. 44 It's my lady's death warrant, miss, and naething less," whispered the maid. 44 The Lord preserve us and her ! It's been heard before." That night was a melancholy one al Cortachy Castle-and let no reader fancy that we are romancing. The main facts really occurred, exactly as they are stated, Next day Miss Dalrymple again heard the uncanny sounds. This time there could be no doubt. The tapping of the invisible drum was plainly audible. The Earl oi Airlie was greatly agitated. The same noise had heralded the demise of the late countess, and he feared the worst. As the tradition and its consequence* were well known and understood in the vicinity, the unfortunate and painful newe soon got wind, and gossip was afloat. The countess bore up bravely after the first shock, but many of her guests, having other engagements, hastened to fulfil them and new visitors arrived. The lady, whose regret for the opening of the familj skeleton- cupboard was great and sincere took her departure and returned to hei friend, the Lady C-,at Dundee. Ther< many speculations were indulged in. Tin curious incidents above related were com- municated to intimate friends, and fron the latter of one of them the preceding narrative has been compiled. The writer was anxious to see whethe; the prognostications would be in any sens« fulfilled ; and when the Countess of Airlii proceeded to Brighton in the ensuing summer tn ere were people who declare*, that the end was near. But though jus then somewhat delicate, the countess dh not appear to be affected by the portent However, whether she really credited th warning and accepted it for herself, w cannot certainly decide. . It has beei stated that she left a note in her dressinj case containing her impressions and fear that the portent was meant for her. Thi fact remains, as reported in the papers a the time, that on June 17, 1845, Ladj Airlie died at Brighton. The warning was fulfilled! . . . This incident, if it stood alone, or if m other previous warnings of the same kim -or if no subsequent evidence could b adduced-might not unreasonably be re garded as a coincidence and nothing more The drum had been heard, or Miss Dal rymple had fancied that she had heard it I That would have served for explanation. But several and notorious instances of the same warning have occurred, and always with the same results. We V* ill proceed to narrate another case in which the same phenomenon was heard, and these circumstances having occurred only in 1849, would have been long ago contradicted if there were no truth in them. On August 19, 1849, a friend of Lord Ogilvie's was riding down to one of thc " shooting-boxes " owned by the Earl oil Airlie. Lord Ogilvie was awaiting hil guest, who, guided by a Highland servant a gillie, was proceeding across the moor t< Tulchan, as the cottage is called. Darkness had set in ere the ride hat come to a termination, and the Englisl visitor was glad that he had such a guid across the almost trackless moor in dark ness and solitude. But soon the welcom star of light met the travellers' view The cottage was not far off. A heart; welcome and a warm fireside awaited th guest, who, then-half-past eight at nigh -was quite ready for his dinner. As he gazed into the valley, a curiou sound as of music struck upon his earf The faint melody was accompanied an dominated by the tapping of a drum whic rose from the direction of the cottasre. The Demon Drummer. The Englishman, greatly surprised at the moment in such a wild and unfre- quented spot, and feeling, besides, some- what nervous under such conditions, asked his Highland guide whether he had heard any sounds of music. The man did not immediately reply ; and, as the visitor paused for the expected answer, the wild and unearthly music again seemed borne to his ears, again accompanied by the tapping of a drum. " Do you mean to tell me, Donald, that you cannot hear that music in the glen yonder?" asked the Englishman, some- what impatiently. " There's nae music hereaboots," was the sullen reply. " There'll be no drums in Tulchan, sir !" " But surely you must have heard it ? I distinctly heard it myself." " Mebbe," was the incredulous reply, as the visitor stood still to listen, wondering that the sharp-eared, keen-witted High- lander had failed to hear the sounds which were perfectly audible to the Englishman's duller ears. *'I tell ye there's nae music the nicht," was the somewhat rude remark of the guide. " Yer honour had better be movin' before the clouds come ower the moor. It's no the nicest place." The Englishman was struck with the* man's manner, so different from his former plain, but invariably respectful, speech and tone. *' You must be rery deaf, or very cross, Donald, if you cannot hear that muelo. Listen, man ! Now, don't you hear it ? " The Highlander seemed annoyed at the ;< pertinacity of the Englishman, and mut- tered something which the other Could not , catch. Nevertheless, he persisted that he had heard nothing himself whatever, but seemed extremely anxious to continue his way down the mountain path which led into the glen in which the shooting lodge was situated; The visitor followed more slowly, but the guide protested against any lagging or loitering at such an hour. Had his experience not discarded any such an idea, . the Englishman would have fancied that his guide was in some sense alarmed, afraid to remain on the heath in the dark, though perfectly acquainted with every path and hillock. At length, in silence, only faintly dis- . turbed by the mysterious sounds, the pair reached the lodge. The guide at once , made some hasty inquiries, and imparted some secret information, which evidently was unwelcome and alarming. The Englishman, who perceived only a few servants, dismounted quickly and in- quired for his host, Lord Ogilvie. ' ** He has been called away suddenly, sir," replied one of the men ; " but he left word that you were to remain and do as' i " Why did he go ? Whither has he i gone ? " asked the puzzled and disappointed ( visitor. " He's gone to London. The earl is very 1 ill, and his lordship was summoned yester- * day," was the reply. " The earl was taken J very sudden, sir." ! There was no choice but to remain at the Tulchan that night. During the course of the evening the visitor casually made inquiry of the valet concerning the mys- terious music, and was astonished at the man's expression of fear, «.There's no hope for the earl, then," he declared. " He's a dead man, sir ! " Then the explanation was given-the same as already related. Next day it was with sincere regret and some surprise that the Englishman, on his way south, heard of the death of the Earl of Airlie, which had occurred on the afternoon of the day after the visitor had arrived at the Tulchan. His friend, Lord Ogilvie, succeeded to the title, and, no doubt,: was made acquain- ted with the circumstances of the warning. Thus, from independent sources, comes testimony concerning the fatal portent which haunts the Castle of Cortachy. It is a curious narrative, but not an isolated one of such mysterious sounds having been heard. We know of, at least, one other mansion in which the drumming has been heard $ but in the latter house the portent is not followed by any of the fatal consequences which appear to have befallen the House of Airlie. ' 