THE SPIRITS AT WORK. That curiosity, fully indulged, is liable to prove expensivois a lesson (says “ Answers ”) | that has just been thoroughly learned by a certain medical gentleman. In the matter of spiritual manifestations he has always been a stiS-neoked and unre generato doubter. As a child he scoffed a ghost stories, and when he grew . up the spectre world became a mark for his merry quips and sarcastic jests. Despite this he numbers among his friends many of those who believe in the existence of shades, and they never neglect an opportunity to hurl arguments at his head whioh may tend to bring him over to the ranks of the • Finally, about two weeks ago, the doctor responded to the extent of promising to do a little investing on his own account. He had never gone to a materialising Beance, and was anxious to see what one was like, so he put a quiet little advertisement in a daily paper, stating that an unbeliever would like to engage a reputable medium for test manifestations. At S o’clock on the evening in question a little party of eight personal friends sat with clasped hands in the doctor’s drawing room, and stared anxiously in the direction of the black cloth cabinet, which was faintly out lined in the glcom. A. pale youn£ man, accompanied by an obese female, had answered the donbter, and guaranteed to produce a very fine line of de parted spirits for a.five- pound note. / For over three-quarters of an hour visitors from the other world kept dropping into the doctor’s drawing-room, sailing. round his rather nervous guests, and departing. Then there was a long anjl dreary wait, whioh was ended by the upturning of the gas. The pale young man and the obeso female had vanished as completely as the spectres they had been .supplying.. Their cabinet remained, and with it a small bagf filled with white crepe. - In the next ten minutes two purses, a watch, and four sosrf pins were discovered to be missing. . " , The evening’s entertainment cost the doctor something in the neighborhood of L100, and his disbelief in spirits is- now something rapid. The police were not notified. _ 