Memmon. R.K. M[?] The gray curtains of morning twilight [?]ung gloomily over the endless dunes of sand. The drab.green leallets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet brolst-n into eong. wot a sunbeam to lend iwgoldeu embroidery to the Drjken ooluaia of the letnple ; not a ray o( lilvet light to dispel tho aauen gloom of the Heavens, or break tho oougleoa repose of tho pahx-dottcd docert. Tho distant river, with ita fringe of olivoa melted into the sky, and its silvery Bhimmor appeared like tho aiuuoua reflection of a luminous lily- Btar in a gently rippled lake. An opalesoent mist crept like a ghost obovo the patched sonde, and the peaceful spirit of lilonoe seomed to reign until the morning soDg of Memnon should break the potent Tho eternal Pyrnmido frowned in the die tanoc in ordera gray, and tho aoaciae beat like tho l-'aithful iv prayor, as though im pressed by the subtle charm of tho oilonca that was lonely and unbroken. Tho herbna stood in majcatio immobility, OB though oharmod, among tho reeda and eodfio tuateurrounded thoir watery haunta. Numbers of motionless palms wore otohed, liko eentintla, cgainet tho horizon, whose hem waa ye; unoyuscioua of the first faint kiss of dawn—whose folds and draperies of gray Deemed awuiting tho golden rosea of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into perfeot beanly. In the midst of tine apparently eternal hush, this silence that would niaka Euoh a beautiful back ground for tho harp atring twang of his morning voice, Moainon eat in the unbroken colitudc, with no breczo to fan hie cheek, looking steadfastly toward tho east for tho Grst rosy light to trumble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake tho aocentu of his morning song. Suddenly, tho Eombro mantlo eeemed to fall from the sky, and in tho distanco be hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of ruso appeared, a breeze started aorosi tbo burning desert, tho lipa of Memnon parted, ar.d filled the lipplol air of midsummer with: " In it hoi onounh for you!" Ilia Name Cheap.—" Mien l'rettygirl (so i'citing oubaoriplione (or oomo charity)— " U.ear Mr. Simpson, could I got yonr uame £>r £5?" Jaok Simpoon (with co<latic grin)—" You can get my name for nothing, and I'll pay Oin pareon." Tho tarn in tho long road travelled by niopt men is usually tiia turn into the come- I?. 