DE I FIOATION OF- TH E- ' VIRGIN M ARY. All -this - is in strict accordance - with the moBt approved teaching of the Church - of Rome. In the " Glorias of Mary," -by St; AlphonsuB Liguori; the Virgin is represented as dividing" with the Divine Redeemer the honour of our salvation ; and the - English tranelation'of tbo work (Burnsates, and Co.) bears- tbe 'following commendation : — " We heartily ' commend this Translation of the Glories of Mary to all the disciples of her Divine.Son,— ; "Hensy-E., Archbishop of Westminster." < Tn thisi- work,, so commended by Cardinal Manning, the following passages are but a few of ihoso which ascribe to the Virgin Mary jtho-honour and morits whioh are due to .Curiae 'alono r Jesus is thus represented as addressing the Virgin : " Thou bast give me (Jesus) my human nature, and I will give thee my Divine nature, that is omnipotence, by which thou mayesl be able to help to save whomsoever thou pleaiest ." (p. 190.) The salvation wrought by Christ is . equally attributed iu this work to Mary. " Mary is the whole hops of our salvation " (p. 148).— Again, addretsiDg Maty: ''Nooneissaved but through thee" (p. 143).— " We have no , hope of salvation but through thy means" (p. 149). — "In Mary we shall find life, and eternal salvation" (p. 132).— "Give ear, 0 ye nations, and all yon who desire heaven, serve, honour Mary, and certainly \ you will find eternal life " (p. 215). — "Mary obtained tho salvation of all ; nay, even she affeoted the salvation of all" (p. 293). — '"If Mary be for us, who shall be against us " (p. 74). — " He who has not recourse to Mary is lost " (p. 101). — " He who does not invoke thee, 0 Lady, will never get to heaven " (p. 196). — " Hail ! reconciler of the whole world " (p. 259). — " Thou, 0 Mary, art the propitiatory of the whole world " (p. 85). — " Thou, Mary, art the only advocate of sinners" (p. 95). — "Medi- atreBS between God , and man " (p. 294). — " Mary so loved the world as to give her only begotten Son " (p. 478). — " Unless the prayers of Mary interposed there could he no hope of mercy " (p. 225). — " Jesus himself said, were it not for the prayers of my mother there toould be nohope of mercy." (p. 479). The Virgin Mary is further stated to be " tho treasure of divine graces " (p. 342). — " Full of grace, of whose plcntitude all re ceive " (p. 299).— Sho is described as " the mediatress of grace, as Jobub Ohrirt Ib the Mediator of Justice " (p. 572). — These quali ties are illustrated in the Vision of the Two Ladders, recorded in the Franciscan Chronicles, in which it is related that " Brother Leo once saw a red ladder, on the summit of which was Jesus Christ; and a white one, on the top of which was His most holy Mother ; and he saw some who tried to ascend into heaven by the red ladder, but failed, they were then advised to try the white ladder, and by that easily ascended, through the help of our Blessed Lady " (p. 213). . The Virgin Mary is farther described as " the Star of the Sea " (p. 213), " Queen of Heavon " (p. 147), " Sovereign of tbe Saints" (p. 147), "Queen of Angels" (p. 147), and, with a grossness of profanity seldom equalled, the Virgin Mary is referred to as tho Spouse of God. Tho following passage is one out of many :— " Thus it is that we can understand why the Holy Ghost praised the beauty of this His Spouse so greatly, on account of her dove's eyes: ' How beautiful art thou, my lnve 1 thine eves are dove's eyes !' For Mary, look ing at God with the eyes of a simple and humble dove, enamoured Him, by her beauty and further on, " Where on earth .could so beautiful a Virgin be found, who could allure the King of Heaven by her eyes, and by a holy violence lead. Hint captive, bound in the chains of love? ' (p. 328). : Further passages rto the same cffect ;are; giyen in .this rwork (pp.- 325 and 328), but so impious that.it is impossiblo to transcribe them. -:v - - ! ; ; Ab Protestant England is taxed . for. the! support of R.O. Chaplains in the Army,:Navy. Prisons, and other Institutions, it may well be asked : How long is Hub country preparod, at the bidding of Cardinal Manning and others, to support, out of tho national funds, a system which inculcates such painful pro fanity, and praotices such gross idolatry ? 