SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS, j ( Copyrijht. ) By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love AVith a Ghost," Condemned to Death," Sec., &c.; CHAPTER XI. a GENTLE ZEPHYR. From the first day of the return of my malady I pursued a rapidly dowmvard course, and with Fatal swiftness began to regard the world nd my felloAv-men as things too far removed from me to afford me the least interest. In fact, I was con scious that the mental aberration took exactly the same lines as it did before I became of age. I noted, perhaps, one slight difference, and it was that I made feebler efforts than formerly to struggle out of this unreal existence. . This passiveness was probably due to an impression that my life was irretrievably cursed, and that, as a necessary con sequence, Etliel Avould never be mine. Having adopted such a pessimistic belief, it can readily bo imagined how easy it Avas for me to abstract all sympathy from mankind, and even to regard Ethel herself with more of melancholy regret than of passionate fervour. " Good or Evil, life, Powers, passions, all I see in other beings, Have been to me as rain unto the sands." The thoughts, aspirations, affections, and doings of other people failed to penetrate the mad despair which encrusted my heart with an apathy too strong to allow it to be moistened into life again by the genial sliowers of human kindness and benevolence. Knowing little or nothing of Avhat transpired during - those days of utter darkness, I have had recourse to Ethel's diary for information, and the few extracts I have made from it will seiwe to slieAv the heavy punishment I bad to undergo for breaking my appointment Avith Rochester, and — Avliat is most pleasing to me — it demonstrates the pure, unselfish love of sweet Ethel Brandon. Gleanings from Ethel Brandon's Diary. . November 21st. — I have been too happy — have ' enjoyed too lavishly the beautiful present—to lia\e had a thought about Avhat evil the future might bring. I11 a feAV short hours, disaster has swept my heart bare of all its'tenderncss and sympathy, and left in their places naught but rebellious despair. Why should Nature have smiled so sAveetly upon me, if she intended to plant her poisoned arrows in my heart, and tear it with her \vhirl winds of cruelty? Why should she luwe lulled me into per fect rest, and then, in a moment, have struck down a life I love better than my own? She would luive shewn ilfcrcy had she extinguished the vital spark for ever, instead of leaving it to indicate more clearly poor Gerald's darkened intellect. Nature is cruel, life is a wasting fever of aspirations never to be accomplished, and Earth is the abiding place of wretchedness. The feAV pleasures I have snatched only serve to deepen the abyss of miseiy into which I ha\re fallen, and from whose yawning gulf there is no escape. Even man, the product of Nature, cannot free himself from her vile impress; she- cramps his views, and, where he might expand into sympathy, she crushes him back to serfdom by suggesting that such an emotion a\rould be contrary to liis self-interest. Thus it happens that my brother Jack, Gerald's oldest friend, received the fatal neAVS with cold astonishment, and half-an- hour afterwards was in my room urging me to give up a madman and encourage Sir Charles Morton, who, he said, had been dangling after meforAvecks! Adam Gray is every bit as callous, in spite of the mock tear Avliich stood in his eye as he told me the sad intelligence. Notwithstanding Gerald's affection for him, I begin to think that I almost hate this uncle, Avith his Avringing of hands and tremulous a-oice, assumed for the purpose of bring ing bis deep feelings to the surface. Stricken with grief as I was, I could not help noticing that- his whole manner was too "stage'" to be the outcome of genuine emotion, whilst every now and again a faint gleam of triumph marred his marvellously fine acting. But Avliy should this mm rejoice over the pitiful condition of his nephew, whom he has brought up like a son from hi.s earliest childhood? Am I not getting as cruel as Nature in permitting my distraught mind to imagine such evil things of the guardian of my darling's youthful days? I cannot think iioav Avithout distorting the actions of everyone around me. It is all too dreadful ! Ah ! Would that I could get a brief fc-rgetl'uless from this weary Avorlil of aaroe. November 22nd. — I have been -permitted to see poor Gerald. Thirty-six hours ago lie avos hand some, bright," and winning enough to take any woman's heart by storm, but now he can only arouse a glance of pity at sight of such a splendid manhood in such irretrievable ruin. His once sparkling eyes arc lack- lustre ; his merry smile is replaced by an .awful Took of despondency; his con versation is laden with fearful apprehensions which never cease to urge, him to seek refuge in death. IIoav I dread the minutes as they go so slowly, for fear that those prompting:., to self- destruction should suddenly become too strong for his will. November 25th. — Gerald has some consolation in the midst of his terrible mental sufferings. 1 was glad that I aa'as present to-day during one of his paroxysms of exaltation, for his face became com pletely transfigured, and looked like that of an angel basking in ethereal happiness. When he re- coA'ered, he told me that the gates of Heaven had been opened, and he had passed in to enjoy a brief respite from the overwh hniiig despair of his earth-life. I learnt from him that much of liis melancholy moodiness resulted from the fearful contrast betAA'een his present existence and the un speakable joys of Elysium. Poor darling! -He added that my presence helped to mitigate the severity of the gloom, and I promised to be Avith him as often as lie Avished. Yielding to his solicitation that I would stay to lunch and sit Avith him again in the afternoon, I accompanied the housekeeper doAvn- stairs, and in doing so passed the half-opened door of Mr. Gray's library. The casual 'glance that 1 gave revealed Mr. Gray's presence within, so, taking ad\'antage of our intimacy, 1 went forward to greet him. His back was turned to me, and the sofn yielding carpet so deadened the .sound of my i'ootstops that lie only discovered my proximity by ca telling sight of my reflect inn in a mirror. I hardly expected that so familiar a face as mine would give him such a fright ! But the instant he recognised me ho started violently, dropped a little glass bottle precipitately into a box before him, Avhere it fell with the ominous rattle of breakage, and then closed the lid abruptly, but ot quickly enough to prevent a heavy narcotic odour from per meating the air of the roam. "How I lia>\rc startled you!" I exclaimed, laugh ingly. But, as lie slowly turned a haggard; terrified fax: towards me, the laughter died from my lips an I gave place to anxiety. "What is the matter?" I asked in very different tones. "Let me ring for brandy ? " "No!" he answered, hurrying, more firmly than I could have expected, to prevent my ringing the bell. "I am better iioav, but promise me to conceal from Gerald the sharp attack you have just witnessed ? Poor boy ! Ha has enough to endure 011 his own account, and I am not selfish enough to Avisti to add another burden to liis affectionate nature. The truth is, Ethel, that I have been sub ject to spasms of the heart — ' angina pectoris ' the doctors call it — for some time past, and the only remedy Avhicli affords relief is the powerful drug whose odour is now diffused throughout the room. I had just taken a dose when I saw your face behind my shoulder, ami in the weak state of my nerve." became frightened at your sudden apparition, and foolishly dropped the precious bottle ! "' "I sm so sorry !"I ejaculated, touched at his kind wish to conceal his serious condition from poor Gerald. That little bit of unselfishness lias sent him up many degrees in my estimation, although I am somewhat Dazzled at an answer lie gave to a simple question I asked him a few minutes later. It Avas brought about in this way. My dear old friend Mrs. Jeffrey suffers cruel iy from "angina pectoris," from which she gets only scant relief by the use of Amyl nitrite. Naturally anxious to learn the name of any new drug which might prove of greater benefit to the old lady, I asked Mr. Gray What substance it was lie used during liis attacks. "Amyl nitrite," was the answer I got. Now, 011 several occasions I had broken the cap gules which contained the drug, when Mrs. Jeffrey 1 had been seized too suddenly to do so herself, and ! I therefore was so well acquainted with its odour j that I knew at once Mr. Gray's Amyl nitrite was j totally different from my friend's, and I pointed out I this dissimilarity. Mr. Gray, with more hesitation than necessary, corrected his first statement by saying that bis Amyl was mixed with other narcotics to increase its potency, and after promising to let me have the prescription for the benefit of my friend, the sub ject dropped. I should never liaA-e allowed myself to be puzzled over so simple a matter, had it not been for the shiftiness and hesitancy, mingled with an expres sion of alarm, with which Gerald's uncle made hi3 correction. To my mind, there seeni3 something untrue about this man, eAren in his moments of suffering. Had the above comersation taken place between me and anyone else, I should not have attached the smallest importance to the curious weaknesses displayed by Adam Gray ; yet here am I, writing my diary at midnight, puzzled and per plexed with vague fears because Gerald's only re lative cannot amend a statement in the plain, itraightfonvard way adopted by all honest men. Did I not have a suspicion that a faint gleam of triumph flitted over his face when he told me a few days ago of Gerald's sad condition ? Can it be that he secretly rejoices over his nephew's awful illness ? that he Oh God ! Save me from imagining such wild, wicked, horrible things! I cannot commit such diabolical thoughts to paper, and I silently, earnestly, plead for your pardon, Adam Gray, for ever having dared to permit them to leap into consciousness ! December 5tli. — Gerald is getting worse and .vorse, and I firmly believe that if his repeated Attacks of frenzied delirium are not stopped within a very feAV days, he AA'ill not live to see the new year. He has got rapidly worse since Dr. Kerr avus insultingly dismissed a week ago. I am sure I am right in making use of the aa'ord "insultingly" in connection Avith this clever young practitioner's dismissal, for it simply arose from Adam Gray's choosing to dissent from Mr. Kerr's advice. The doctor confessed that he Avas exceedingly puzzled by certain anomalous symptoms exhibited by the patient, which,- he asserted raised t-lie case from the category of mental disease to that of some peculiar influence operating upon the physical system and producing bodily exhaustion coupled with alternate stagnation and stimulation of the brain. Arguing from the curative result aa'liich attended Gerald's sojourn in Paris, he urgently advised change of air, and offered to place liis patient in a comfortable private asylum kept by a friend of liis at the seaside. "Of course," he added, "there will be no difficulty about the certificates, for the old ones still . remain in force." At first Adam Gray said he would consider the proposal, but as se\'eral days elapsed without his making up liis mind, Dr. Kerr then spoke so de cidedly upon the point that he began to bluster and hint that tbe doctor's opinion Avas that of an ignoramus. Professional pride, being thus aroused, the doctor emphatically declared that if his advice was neglected, the case would turn out badly. Then began a battle of Avords, Avhicli ended in Mr. Gray asserting his conviction that Dr. Kerr had misunder stood his patient from the beginning, dismissing him from all furtlv attendance, and declaring his in tention of publishing his malpractice throughout the neighbourhood, so as to prevent other unfortunate peopls being done to death by his ignorance ! Dr. Kerr Avas silenced by this torrent of ill-bred invective, but when Adam Gray paused for want tf breath, lie pithily remarked that the first atom of scandal would ensure an action for lifcol. Then he turned on liis heel and left the house. Dr. Kerr's successor is an elderly, shabby looking man, disinterred from the purlieus of the East End, Avho "sirs" and "misses" everyone ad nauseam. He is an oily -faced hypocrite, aaTio, I believe, would sell his own father for a few pieces of gold. It is a mystery to me Iioav such an illiterate, vulgar man, could ever have entered the medical profes sion. Yet I am assured that a red lamp over his surgery announces the fact that in addition to his giving advice gratis and a bottle of medicine for a shilling, he is an M.R.C.S. and L.S.A. IIea\Ten help a profession which can tolerate such members in its, midst, and tleaA'cn help poor Gerald Avho has fallen into such hands. Mr. Gray professes himself Avell satisfied at the change, and therefore I suppose I ought to lie also, but I am not ! Those horribly wicked thoughts Avliich suddenly possessed me more than a Aveck ago still haunt me, notwithstanding my efforts to suppress them. Indeed, I fear that Adam Gray's treatment of Dr. Kerr lias intensified them. Why should the idea of Gerald being removed from his charge have aroused in him such uncontrollable fury, and have urged liim to insult and dismiss the man who gaAre tlie advice in all sincerity ? Does lie feel that Gerald would be safer away from him than with liim, and is that drug he misnamed Amyl a poison aa'liich is — - Be merciful, 0 Heaven, and keep my brain from creating such cruel, wrongful thoughts against my darling's relative, who can only bo anxious for the reco\'cry of one he had nurtured and cherished from infancy. Fearful despondency and bitter grief have unhinged my mind, and made me suspicious against the man who must love liim dearly. December 6tli. — Lady Clitheroe called this after noon and expressed herself shocked at my pale, sad looks. She insisted 011 taking me home with her in the carriage hoping, kind-hearted woman that she is, to wean me from my misery by passing an ca'ening in her bright, cheerful society. Shortly after dinner several visitors were announced, amongst them being a Mr. Rochester, Avhom I remembered to have nut here once before. I Avas a little chagrined at having my quiet tete-a-tete broken up, for society had become hateful to me Avliilst Gerald was in so precarious a state, and I made up my mind to leaA'e quietly as soon as I conveniently could. Whilst Lady Clitheroe aa'as flitting about amongst her guests, I retired apart from the rest, and seated myself upon a low chair by the open door of a con servatory, from which emanated the delicious fragrance of rare exotic plants in full bloom. I had not been there more than a minute when Mr. Rochester sauntered towards me, and claiming acquaintance, commenced a conA'ersation full of charm and animation. His poAver of memory must be great, for although he had only seen me once before, he yet remembered that I Avas engaged to Genii . 1 Gray, after whom he made inquiries. The mention of liis name so affected me that I could not restrain my tears. "Pardon the indiscretion of my question," said Mr. Rochester, in a soft, sympathetic voice. "I could not guess that his name .would cause you so much grief." "He is dying, dying!" I ansAvered, in agonised accents. "His mental disease has returned, and so exhausts him that lie cannot Hao a month longer." Mr. Rochester stared at mp aghast. Then he asked, "With whom is he living?" "With his uncle," I replied. "With his uncle!" repeated Mr. Rochester, with a peculiar look 0:1 his face. "Is not this uncle his sale relative ? " "He is." In a grave, sympathetic manner, which was very soothing to my highly-strung nerves, he asked a few j more questions concerning the symptoms of Gerald's i delirium, which I answered voluminously. Ilis j whole being so invited confidence, and I \a-as so i pleased at having a congenial spirit, to whom I j could talk about this all-absorbing topic, that I 1 think I must have told him every minute incident ! connected with the illness, including Di\ Kerr's j dismissal, and even the episode of the Amy!. When j I came to an end of my prolix recital, I looked up j an.l aa'.is surprised to see an air oi' intense sternness 1 pervade my companion's face. His lips moved as if lie was about to say something, but lie evidently thought better of it, and closed his mouth so tightly that his angry appcaiancc almost frightened in.-. At last he spoke, and in his usual quiet tones. "1 will call upon Mr. Gerald Gray to-morrow, ne has been to my chambers and lias slieAvn a desire for my fri'tship. I will endeavour to requite his regard by leaving no stone unturned to effect his cure. It will bo a groat aid to me if I could obtain Dr. Kerr's address, and get at his rea» j opinion of the ease." : I eagerly furnished the direction, and then Mr. Rochester changed the subject by offering to narrate to me some singular experiences he went through during his stay in India. I imagine that I his object in volunteering to tell me certain eventa 1 connected with himself, was to distract my atten- ! tion from the painful train of thought conjured up j by Gerald's hopeless condition. Yet it Avas | strange that he chose a recital replete Avith horror, and that his Avords evoked more powerfully than ever my fearful suspicions against Adam Gray.- I will write down a brief epitome of what he told me, and will read it again a week hence, in order to see Avhether my overwhelming anxiety for Gerald is alone answerable for the weird and awful' ideas Mr. Rochester's tale has so unfortunately strengthened. After Mr. Rochester had been successful in secur ing au acquittal for his Asiatic client, the Rajah, in the excess of bis gratitude, carried him off to be an honoured guest at Brahmapore, and it was here that his eyes aaerc first opened to the a'ilo character of his host. Although some of the inci dents he witnessed Avcre sufficiently horrible, yet I must pass them over as tliey have 110 connection with Gerald or with the aAA'ful ideas that his narra tive raised in' my mind; those first began to suggest themselves whilst. Mr. Rochester Avas describing a hunting ad\'cnture, during which he got separated from bis party and became lost in the jungle. Without a single cartridge left to protect himself from Avild animals, he wandered about aaiuly seeking to regain the lost track, when dark ness overtook him, and forced him to sit doAva and Avait for the coming of another day. About au hour after this, his solitude aa'as invaded by the advent of about thirty natives, aaTio came silently into the little open glade in front of him, lighted! a large lire, aud commenced simmering a quantity of dark berries Avliich they had evidently just- picked. Whilst this was going on, a Ioaa', mono tonous cliant AA'as intoned to the honour of their' goddess Bhimatra, the beloved daughter of Siva the Destroyer. Unfortunately for M, Rochester, an inadvertent movement on his part led to bis di3- coA fry, and he Avas dragged from his hiding-place and condemned to death for having violated the mysteries of sacred Bhimatra! His pi'esence of mind sa\ed bis life, for, haA'ing noticed that a sort cf loving cup had been handed round with great ceremony, he suddenly snatched the cup from a man's hand and drained it to the dregs. The idea aa'liich prompted liim to do this action AA'as correct, and lie AA'as delighted to find that it had established a brotherhood between them — nay, more, for now lie must be initiated into the mysteries and be made acquainted with every secret connected with' the sect. Briefly, the doctrine of his new faith' was this — that, armed Avith Bhimatra 's poisonous' gift, it AA'as incumbent 011 him to destroy as many human lives a3 possible. Hospitality or friendship could not avail to saA'e the victims, and only one's n -arest kith and kin Averc exempt from the god dess's insatiable thirst for destruction. Mr. Rochester then described the curious effect of small doses of the drug he bad drunk to save his life, and, strangely enough, his description tallied entirely with the symptoms so often Avitnessed in poor Gerald. I shuddered as T pondered upon the extra ordinary coincidence, but I almost shrieked aa'ith excitement Avlien Mr. Rochester Avcnt on to tell me that only one other European besides himself had ever been a member of this murderous fraternity, and lie was a Colonel Gray, the father in all pro bability of my Gerald ! "Good heavens, Mr. Rochester," I exclaimed, starLlcd into speech, "Avhat fearful connection are you trying to draAV between Gerald's illness, and »» " Stop !" ansAA'ered my companion gently. " Do not attempt to rack your brains Avith wild conjecture. I liaA'e merely told you au anecdote connected Avith myself. But I Avill see Mr. Gerald Gray to-morroAV, and I believe my interview will give you good cause to hope, and will very shortly restore thoBe smiles Avhicli, if I may be permitted to pass a com pliment, form one of your chief charms." There ! I haA'e Avritteu it, even to Mr. Rochester's pretty compliment. I detest that sort of thing as a rule, but praise from that brilliant barrister is a very different matter to the maAvkisli sentiment uttered in heartbroken accents by Sir Charles . Morton and others of that ilk ! I do believe I feel better for haA'ing aa'ritten doAvn all that Mr- Rocheater said to me, for I seem to see a loophole of escape yet for my, .darling. In future, where fail, I .tlTinicrwili dall inva# barrister ! Bufc this gleam of hope is making me frivolous. I have forgotten, for a moment, the . awful suspicions engendered, or rather strengthened, by that Indian tale. Only a few months ago, I looked upon the world and its inhabitants as good and kind. How fatally Disillusion dogs the footsteps of youthful innocence, and converts its Paradise slowly but surely into a den of thieves who struggle, fight, and murder, solely to secure the gold necessary for luxurious existence ! December 9th. — Ought I to be glad or sorry? Ought I to Avoep frantic tears of grief, or burst into wild exuberant paroxysms of delight? Calm, dispas sionate thought is utterly out of the question, for Gerald has gone — lias gone into the night and left no sign. At 9 o'clock this morning, Adam Gray was announced, looking more like a ferocious animal brought to bay than a human being. "Where is Gerald? Where is Gerald ?" lie burst out with as soon as he s»av me. " Ilis bed Avas not even slept in last night. In his condition, I feel almost con vinced that he would have come to you. Now, Ethel, if you are hiding him, let me know and thus relieve the fearful anxiety Avliich is consuming me." "But I have net seen him," I ansAvered. "I know 110 more about him than you do." "lie must be recaptured at all costs," said Adam Gray, stamping his foot more in fury than in sorrow. "I will set the police on his track." "Is it not rather premature, rather unwise, to do that?" I asked, naturally shrinking from any steps being taken which Avould publish abroad Gerald's infirmity. He turned on n.Vmost insultingly. "How dare you dictate to me? Remember, you are not his Avife yet. What do you mean to insinuate by asserting that my proposed action is unwise ?" I burst into tears, and whilst I was indulging in this relief to my feelings, Adam Gray took his de parture. CTo le continued .) A learned body of ladies recently listened to a lecture on a somewhat difficult subject — the celibacy of the future. While agreeing with the lecturer's main principle that one has duties to posterity, they evidently did not liail Avitli joy the prospect of a class doomed because of weak physique to celibacy, and immured in cloisters or monasteries with hard, manual 01 mental labour as an outlet for their natural emotions. Who shall decide which of us are to be celibates ? asked' one lady. Who Avill choose to enter such retreats and dAi'ell under a stigma ? asked another, evidently not to be beguiled by the picture of a calm and honourable liaven far from the " mad ding crowd," and the privilege of guiding the Avorld's thought by great ".vorks and scientific discoveries, which aa-ero to compensate the celibates for lack of domestic happiness. The mania for old silver continues, and Carncolian girdles are the latest desire of the collector. These girdles are of beautiful workmanship, and made in alternate links of plain and filigree silver. Until lately they w-ere worn on the Ai'edding-day by the I Carneolian brides, but the custom is now dying out, and the peasants are Avilling to sell them. An Austrian lady is the proud possessor of thirty of these girdles, and she finds them most effective for decora tive purposes. Silver girdles loop back her Avhite lace curtains, a silver girdle forms a charming edge to the "silver-table" of moBs-green velvet, and a jewelled girdle is arranged in festoons on the velvet flounce of the mantel-board. All manner of curiosities lie on the silver-table, old Dutch spoons with the sails of a Avindmill at the top of them, miniature silver spinning-Avheels Avith correct action, and. silver vases for floAvers, old Bavarian peasant rings set Avith dcers' teeth, and many other things. Platinum mirrors threaten to be the rage. Their peculiar property is that they both transmit and reflect light. For instance, if one of them is placed in the panel of a door, it Avill not only avail to lightup a gloomy room or corridor, but will, on the other side, form a mirror. Any one standing off the platinised side of the glass can see through it, in fact, Avithout being seen. It is obvious that such a mirror as this could be put to many uses. The crinkle tissue paper Avhich is sold in all shades and colours is being largely used for bazaar articles. It began its career as lamp shades and then descended to co\'er flower-pots ; it 13 noAv made into bags, scent sachets, and boxes ; and used to cover any inelegant bit of furniture. 