MUNICIPAL.-The large number of candidates nominated for the four seats in the Council is causing a considerable amount of interest in the forthcoming elections. The three additional Aldermen, which the Muni- cipality is entitled to by reason of the increased population, it is considered will be a benefit to the ratepayers. Alderman Dunnet's motion, at last Council meeting That a plebiscite vote be taken at the forthcoming election to ascertain the opinion of the ratepayers as to the introduction of the pan system," opens up a question that was before the Council on several occasions, since the election of 1891, and although nothing has been done in the matter so far, there is every reason to believe that the Council will be guided to a certain extent in the near future by the result of the vote. The ratepayers would do well to give this question their careful consideration) ' and learn the viuws of the candidates. There cannot be much difference of opinion that the present cesspit system is objectionable, especially in the low-lying parts of the town, and the serious results that may be antici- pated in consequence are predicted by pro- fessional- gentlemen whose opinions must carry weight. Before, any chango can be made in the sanitary arrangements, the existing by-laws must be repealed; but this will not be a matter of much moment, seeing that they have never been enforced under the present system, 'for the reason, doubt- less, that the Council has for some time recognised the desirability of a change. It is mentioned that some of the candidates will advocate a thorough system of drainage. In this respect also, there is ample scope for improving the state of the Municipality. Cricketing TROPHIES.-Mr. Berecry has been successful in gaining two of the trophies for last season's cricket. They are both handsome gold pendants of cricketing design, and suitably inscribed. The donors are Dr Young and Mr. Wicks. ACCIDENT.-Whilst playing football at Palmer's Island on Saturday, Mr. P. S. Bowman waa unfortunate in breaking his left arm above the elbow. ODDFELLOWS' BALL-The annual ball to celebrate the anniversary of Loyal Star of Hope Lodge, M.U. Oddfellows, will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, and promises to be as successful as on previous years. BAND OF HOPE.-On Wednesday., evening, the Wesleyan Band held its monthly meet- ing, when there was a largo attendance of juveniles and adults.- Among the items rendered were the following:-Recitation, "The ghost," Miss S. Browning; reading, "Our baby," L. McKinnon; recitation. "The fast young men," S. North ; instrumental selection, Miss H. North; recitation, "The snake in the glass," Mr. .T. Towell ; recitation, " Billy's rose, Miss W. Price ; reading ."An invitation," Rev. J. Scott; recitation, "The bundle of flags," Miss H. North ; reading, " The landlord's bar," Miss L. Starr ; reading, " Hard times," Rev. J. Scott. Some younger members of the society also creditably ren- dered vocal and other items. Tho pro- gramme was lengthy, and much appreciated, the President (Rev. J. Scott) concluding it with some appropriate remarks. 