'Th* doctor loolctd at the card and chuckhd. He put away his fees, and looked at Mi watch. He had nothing te do, but it would be in very bad taste to let bis young rival know that ; a® he kept him waiting in th« adjoining room "while he trimmed his nails, yawned, turned over the pages of an illustrated magazine, and vanned a^ain. Once more he looked at hie watch, jural aa he had kept his visitor Wait- j ing1 twenty minutes he sonnded the gong, and taking a sheet <rf paper began to write a prescription. Buttons introduced Dr. Briggs-a yonng roan of thirty or thereabouts, thin, anxibns, mfch<»refaUy-brue>hedclotbe!6 Of professional cat, a littileworn and ahiny bete arid there. ? "Good morning, Mr. -< -Ah " BrisKii." " Mr. Briggs, to be enrei Kindly- tafco -a ' ~ zsat-I shall be diseng^ed. is: otte'iniiiuU^' . Don't hurry ou my account, ibeg." j "Thank. yon. Ham -yes-^ah-joefc so." l \- And. then tbeelder doctor put»way]bi« paper, andturnintrhis chair Toand faced* his visitor with the most affiiHle smile, and'said, " And now, Mr. Briggs, bo.w are we this morning ? How are we getting on-with pur new practice, hey ? Lots of patients-lets of fees-rising man-brilliant prospects, bey ?" " No, sir. Up te the'present time X.bava not taken a single fee. Jonea, who sokUme " the practice, cheated me, sir. I trusted ibis , word, andl have been sh ame^nl ly deceived." "I'fli wety grieved to hear this. Tit! t,ub! very distressing indeed. And you ? toe a wife; -and * young family-two1 or . ;hreechiMren,Mr. -Brigs*?".. < " Threes sir. My wife's money and my swn are sunk inthispractice,rind the con stant Anxiety and.disappointment arc braak ing our hearte.sir-slowly." "Dear,dear. Very shocking, to be sare. What,not on* patient V' The doctor tried to look as if he regretted his brother practi tioner's 111 fortune. " One only, sir, and it is notcertain that I ' shall get anything out of that one, without yopr assistance." " Anything, in reason, that I can do you may be sure 1 shall do willingly. Anything in reason." " I will explain it to you," said Dr. Briggs, and after a pause he proceeded with some embartap-smetit-" the cape is a peculiar one. I am commissioned to find an authorised medical man co act with me in certifying the insanity of a younjr woman, whose parents j desire to place her in a lunatic asylum." Mr. Briggs dropped his eyes to the floor; Dr. Twister regarded him with a glance of sospicion. " Nothing can be more simple, my dear .Mr. Brigge, and I shall bave great pleasure in- acting with you if I find tb&t; the young woman you speak of i* insane-and of course yon wood not make such a proposal to me unless you were perfectly convinced of the 1 fiwt yourself." "That is tiio difficulty, sir," said I>r. ? Briggs. "The young woman is perfectly ' reasonable on every point save one ; and on * that sbe is as mad as can bp. She insists that her father and mother are conspiring to ' put her in an asylum in order that they may gat tbe handling of a large snm of money- * some fifteen or twenty thousand pound*- e which becomes hers at the agc-of twencv one." * * " is it a fact that she is heiress to that fortune?" " Her father and mother 6trenaonsly deny it. They declare aha has no money ana nerrer will have." " Do you believe the daughter is mad ?" asked Dr. Twister, fixing his eyes on the unfortunate and needy young practitioner. Dr. Briggs shifted uneasily on his chair under this scrutiny, and replied evasively " In the absence of proof to show that the father and mother are liars 1 am bound to believe ihem ; and. believing them, lean only ri^CTArd the girl's assertion as a. proof of insanity." " Very true." Dr. Twister vras far too prudent a doctor to let his suspicions be aeen. "Unfortunately," said Dr. Briggs, "unfor tunately the appearance of the parents is name-are " the ' most villainous-looking couple I have ever seen. One won id be inclined to believe the daughter rather than . Hie parents-if one allowed oneself to be prejodiced by appearances." "Of caurse, appearances in many cases are deceiving. Miss Barker is not repul se?" " Xot at alL She is plain, bat her con dition excites coin passion. She is young, and she is emotionaL I admit that nine out of ten doctors would sympathise with her, and agree that her parents were conspiring infamously to destroy her for their own base ends. I admit, sir, that I hesitated to accept the commission offered me, and that I should fear' resentment from any doctor but yon. who know my position, and bow necessary a' patient is to my existence. I knew that at least I might depend upon your impartial coneidecation of the case if I laid it before you." " Yon did quite right. I shall be at liberty to-morrow afternoon, and we will go together and see Miss Backer. Depend uponj !wie gong and rose. ^ _ [ profuse thanks. =o'clock - afternoon - to-morrow," ; taid Dr. Twiftcr, smiling blandly, as Dr. j Striggs, fumbling wicb his hat, bowed him-ji .eJf out of the room. 11 "Hmf" said Dr. Twiafcer, when hi wu .lone. "This will about finish my pre aompfcious young rival i If, as I expect, I fod that be is trjring to shut up a poor girl ID an asylum, my Uwy patiente shall know ft, and there'll be an end of any sympathy ?ritfcnay young friend, Dr. Briggs." At two o'clock the following day the .two doctors repaired in Dr. Twister's " pill-box " to the outskirts of the town where the Barkers lived. They stopped before the great iron gates of a ragged, uncultivated garden, which surrounded a dilapidated and long oninbabited house. A murder had been committed in the house, and the ghost of the murdered individual was said to haunt the place. For this reason, or because of its part icularly gloomy and dismal appear ance, the bouse had been to let for five years. If Miss Barker was not actually mad, incarceration in such a prison would be likely to make her so. This was the thought that passed through Dr. Twister's mind as he looked through the gates and across kbe weedy space at the weather-stained bouse with its curtainless windows. A high wall skirted th«> "-ounde ; the gates were locked. Dr. Briggs piece of string that communicated with the bell; the bell answered with a note like a funeral knell. A bent woman, with ragged grey hair, svt a colourcd handkerchief bound over one "*' Mi-"' !romt,'ie house. whispered Dr. Briggs. wppoiet" " been facr. I esterdSX<Cli^^£' ey° was a11 ;OMfr'f-yoU, Barker, Y'- ®"egs, and slowly "id the gate, and took cartwfo reWu the twodoctors bad paasedthrcmgli. iMfe At IIttiwt* *&a; fir-r YaaftHfiridhimintfcelrontroom. q ImnHni n »Sie stretched between two 1 "So I won't trouble to"£o. indoors if you can find ywr *®y.n " , .a : "Icaafibduy way P^«£y."****» Dr.Bn»«B?»dta3a4 Bt. ^ifter_up&* tfwpe, MBMos the wrtwept hall, aud into the frsntKww. Three ehaksand * deal table constituted «b* fttenihu* A rtwteriROt nrihatdaywoby «P« th® tf*^,*n4 T eaeteti|hs»iiie* =*.* .*'-w .in-."** B"1T® I sleeves sleeping, with his chin an m breast A^0B»*lrtehy,*flhwi*M4aoltiiJg aa«n could I W"Mr?lBMker,'' whispered Dr. Briggs, and I then he began to scrape hU feet and cough ! head, looked at hie visitors stupidly ehrough 1 his half-closed eyes a minute, and then earn, I as he suddenly recognised Dr. Briggs, 'Ask i your pardon, gents. 1 didn't spect von quite '8 early. If my wife wasn't such m old fool she'd a let me know." With many Apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on the coat which lay on the .floor, and' smoothed down his short, stubbwn.cibt> of hair. . ] : "I suppose yon would like fcb eeeMartna;*,'| said he. when these personal attentions werel completed. j "Of course; and the sootier the befcfcer*, if yon pleaee," said Dr. Twister, majes- j tically. . 1 " I?m 'blee^ed fdf tb kfeep hfer locked up* in case she shottld break oat voilent, don't ye know," s&id; Mr: Batkfcr, taking the ic^fi off a .nsil in the walL j fie ted the way upstaire, unlocked «.; door, and, throwing it open, revealed his; daughter. She was a pale, thin £irl, very neatly and'; simply dressed; she-sat by theopen window, , which overlooked a brickfield, and had * book in her hand. Dr. Tmfiter regarded her for few* minutes in silence, and then turning to Mr. Barker and Dr. Briges, he said, -very coldly- ' "I wish to make my examination in , private. Allow me to close the door." This he did, leaving Mr, Barker and Dr. Briggs 1 on the outer side. j Dr. Tester was closeted with Miss . Barker for a long time. . 1 " I cannot form an opinion as to the state of Miss Barker's mind until I have seen her several times," said he to Mr Barker. " I j shall call again about this hour to-morrow . In the meantime, yoa must give her as "much liberty as she requires, that I may see if that [ diminishes the hallucination-if halluciha b. tion it be-under which she st present suffers." , " Liberty, sir," said Mr. Barker. "You . don't suppose I'm going to lay myself open to all manner of trouble on account of her violence, do you 1" 1 | _ " I will answer for it that she is not violent. No doctor-that is, no doctor with | a reputation to sustain-will giveacertificate until he ha? proved to his own satisfaction that hie patient*.* disease is not curable by simple remedies'." '. Well, I don't mind letting her have the run of the garden." " That will suffice. Now, X am to under* stand from you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your ' daughter's statement with regard to the inheritance of her aunt's property ? " " Why, blow me, she ain't got no aunt and never had one, as I know on. I can't say no more than that. As I said to Dr. Briggs here, I can't prove that nothing ain't which never wasn't, except by saying of it, can I!" "Very good. I shall require that state ment in writing to-morrow." " I don't mind putting my hand to paper as fur as that goes," said Mr. Barker, after some consideration. The doctor made a short bow, and retired . iritb Dr. Briggs. " My yountr friend." said Dr. Twister- ; when they were seated in tlie brougham, " this is one of: the clearest attempts at fraud which ever came under thy notice; and were it noil for consideration of your innocent wife and children, I should denounce you>t once as a participator in this most infamous conspiracy. *' Oh, my dear sir, 1 bejj you to have mercy on my poor wife, and to think of my desperate situation." "I do. I also think with emotions of the tend crest kind of that unhappy young woman." I "You think there is not the slightest cause for considering; her a lunatic. Not the slightest in the world. She is as sane as I am. But what might result . ram the treatment of such a villain as her father I will not undertake to say. From iate£ m xeaoVy ed po *are -ber if it >b 1 **" " "As you value" my mercy, and ^ ybSldtt»d exposure, you will second the efforts 1 make on behalf of that poor girl." " Be assured, air, that I shalL" . * . * . J Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen, visits te Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to Mr. Barker. He undertook to take charge of Miss Barker for twelve months free of. expense. But as Martha would be 21 in six postbt, her father emphatically refused to accept the offer. " She is my daughter," said he, " and she don't leave me until she eaters a proper asylum. Net she:" Then DR. Twister made'a strong resolve. i " Mr. Briggs," said he, after paying the seventh visit to Miss Barker;" I am resolved to save that girl at any cost, and I make no hesitation of disclosing my plan to you, as X can punish you at any moment by revealing your part in this nefarious scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you refuse to assist my project." " I am in yeur bande, sir, and my conduct will p^v*'My^rititude better than my sherds. ' ( " Good. Now, I have arranged with Mis* Barker-whom I find to be a young woman of decent education, of good feeling, and not impleading- appearance-to escape from her father's custody. Further, I have obtained a license ana shall make her my wife; To-night, by means of a ladder, I shall carry her off, and to-morrow I shall have a legal right to protect her, and save her fortune from falling intothe hands of that scoundrel faer father. This will necessarily take me away from my patients for a couple of days at the least. During that time you will attend to them-and little as you may expect such generosity-I shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with me this afternoon, and you will carry out my instruc tions with the utmost care." Dr. Briggs overwhelmed his magnanimous rival with the expressions of his gratitude, and called Heaven to aid the successful carrying out of the great Dr. Twister's humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried off Martha Barker and made her his wife. He was in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and his patients, and finding that everything was going on as well as could be wished, he extended the length of his honeymoon. Indeed, with a wife who would soon be in legal possession of eighteen thousand pounds he could afford to neglect his practice, and take that holiday which he bad so long denied himself. He found his wife a very agreeable woman, and had no reason to repent his marriage until towards the end of the month, when bis wife exhibited symptoms of a most alarming kind. She said she felt much better. Tne change had done her good ; and she began to doubt the truth of that statement she had made in her illness. In fact, she felt sure that her dear " Rassy " need not, trouble himself to send for a, lawyer to investigate her ca^e and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she had no rich aunt, and that her supposition as . i,o the inheritance was but an idle fancy, which would not longer trouble her now i hat the was settled and happy. 1 i » . . 4 i .... f£F.. .. __ Wfifl... ",. iin without their, wigs sad |»iak looked no more villainous than toy other pair of ttw ^m^anB^ia;6ong»t^^fcAeroj9elv®^® ^heMppjrld^^ in tbetimfe of theiriwiv^ity^^ Briggs bad obtained a pracbice,atidMr, and Mrs. Barker, a well-to-do hashandfortbeir poor, plain Martha.. For the blow which Dr. Twiafcerhad incurred there .was no remedy buttSme. I* would have ruined him to exposethefacfcs, and although he saw plainlythat he had been doped, he never attempted to punish those wjhfcbad-taken him in,fortheirretalia tion was to be feared. He was, very bitter with his wife for seme time, bat he wisely j defcidedafter awhile to make the best of a bad bargain; and Martha responded soi readily to bis kinder overtures, and showed herself-as roany plain wives do-each an amiable, considerate, and lively companion, that he came in the course of time to regard his :bkrgain. as a good one after aty. ' One titiiiig it did, it taught him humanity, and the result of that lesson is that sometimes the two doctors, their wives and children, and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, sit down to dinner at the same table-and enjoy it.-Man of iht World. 