The Fatal Treasure. { Att. BIGHTS BSSEEVED. \ A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. CHAPTER XiX.—CONTINUEB. IVAN DEXTER. The new-comer gazed like one fascinated at tie sight and, as lump after lump of the precious metal was taken out of the box and transferred' to Hilton's pockets, the eyes of Armytage seemed to almost burn into the glass. " \ " " • . " By heaven!" he muttered, "that old \- fellow lias discovered the treasure -we are seeking-. I wonder who he is? If he were thedevil himself," he added fiercely, " I must have that plunder!" With a. diabolical expression on. his evil face, he Watched-Hilton empty the box and then break it'up-and set fire to it. ' " He knows the gold is stolen,at any rate," was his comment, as he saw the box placed in the fire . . |When the weary man : inside the hut drew the stool to the fire iand became dropsy, the watcher set his lips together and for some time appeared to debate with himself what he should do. " He is only an old man," were^the words * that issued from his mouth "when he' unclosed it. " His course is nearly run and it "will be very little harm to help him over the river. I must have'the gold and there' is only one way to get it, so I had better ipakp up, my . mind to follow; that course." Thus communing-with himself, Armytage gradually -sneaked round to the door. When Thegot there be paused for a moment, apparently irresolute. "faking out ' a clasp knife fttnn IBs pocket, he looked at'it fora few moments and thenputitback. . " No!" he eai^ will not do that if I can help it; but I must have the gold!" . 'IHesaid no more but, turning round,, liis ; eyes rested on a sp^ll-sapling lying close to him and, : picking it up, he noiselessly opened the door and looked -into' the roam . Hilton was still slumbering and unconscious of danger. ' • With a cat-like trtead, Armytage entered the room and, walking up behind his victim, dealt him aierriblc blow on jhebackof the 'head. ..' Without a single cry, the old man fell off ; ^eiougks^tand layjnotionless on the floor, whilBtl^s assailant nervously proceeded to riflehia pockets • ' don't half like touching him, for-it is harcl to say whether he is dead or only ' stunned," Armytage said V " but I' must have the gold. Pooh! what is it, after 'all?"' v ; • ' Fortified, apparently, wjjfcji his reflection^, , .ho bent over the motionless man and, in a business-lik"J way, soon transferred the gold to himself. . .; . in one pocket he found a book containing .a^few papers and this he also took. -1 When, he had taken everything he could ; '>discover, he nbticed| with some alarm,- that ihCTe wifere a few slight stains of blood on his '<iqtb.es; '.''"' -...tfhe[ blow he had.given his' victim had broken the skin and the blood had,slowly trickled from the wounds "Very little had flowed, but it was sufficient during his hasty ' eearch to stain a portion ofhis clothes. He looked at tike few crimson stain& with ; f -a slight shudder, and 'then at the still form lying prone on the floor. would trouble him ho more. . With .something like awe, Armytage went and opened the closed door. He looked out, 1 but all was ns stall as death ' must be getting away from this," he muttered. ' Vif I were discovered here, with * this-in the room andheturnedand looked at Hilton—" it would be as much as my life would bfe worth. I wish, too, I had not got ' these few'stains. They seem to. me like illomens. I must get away at once." ' '.•.-, He picked* up the bag of gold and with guilty fear crossed the clearing around the hut. As he neared the edge of the timber a sound behind him caused his heart to give a wild start. v It was a loud cooee and, as the frightened '' man turned round, he saw a waggonette just ' emerging from the bush at the extreme end of ' the clearing, and the occupants were evidently caUing to him. "Who could these. people be ?. They were no doubt harmless travellers, perhaps lost and Wanting, information . from him ; but to g6 back now, might mean death to him. The appearance of 100 policemen could npt have caused him more terror tlhan-this smifll party of thifee, oiie of whoih wiw a woman, as' his :hasty*.glancesufficed to tell-him; hufc:thfe. ! ' distance rendered the features indistinct and recogmtion impossible. ' ^ ^ must fly at once, or they would soon ..'discover., what was inside/thehut;and his presence there, especially if he were seized ^with tbie gold onhim, would look very sus^ picious. • • • 3- > ..' As another cooce smote his ear he turned antlplunged into the forest. . - - ! • With inany ja startled look around, as this least noise fell upon his ear, the murderer ,pnrsu ; . his path across the wooded rangejs andde^.^dergro^ valleys. J ^&oUjgh; there no, eye on him savethe .•allTfieeing one of God, his jguilty fancy peopled the solitude with lurking spies and, unseen enemies, It wasinot that terrible ad- ' monition,: Vengeance is mine, saith- .the IiOrd, I will repay J" that he feared somuch, ; it -was the • weak;arid fallible punishment off CHAPTER XX. , OS TBB farm. When Sheridanand Armytage arrived at .'' y the:farm they found, mattersin a very un- • satisfactory state. The hands, not having a head to.guide them, had token things pretty much as they pleased. They had the opportunity to "loaf," and they took advantage • of it. •'-•'-* : Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his Companion, was in no humor to attend to th^e routine of farm work, and Armytage professed entire ignorance of such duties ; but the presence of the master infused a little more activity into the men, and the work soon improved. ; , • The farm was a fairly comfortable one. v With the frequent additions made to it, the area now comprised 700 acres, and about 150 acres of that was cleared and cultivated. The soil in the valleys was rich and produced prolific crops of pota toes,oats or wheat, while the whole of the land was suitable for grazing purposes. The homestead was a substantial and comfortable one. The first owner, who built it, had the good,old-fashioned ideas on the subject- of farm-houses, and the first thing hie did was to lay the building. out in such a .manner.that all future additions should be jpart of one concerted plan. Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to -the place since he purchased it, and these •were rendered absolutely necessary by the yurchase of more land and the number of men needed to work it; Even with the additions there was no room . j<o spare, and when Armytage accompanied t ie owner to the £„r:u there was some difficulty in obtaining ri room for him, and affcsr a while he expressed his willingness to share the same quarters as the leading hand on the farm. For some days after their arrival Sheridan could not be induced to leave the house to search for the missing treasure. He really wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week he persuaded the.en* slaved man to accompany him and point out the spot where his plough had struck the hidden box, but that did not assist him in the least in the prosecution of his design. Sheridan, being now in one of his more agreeable moods, accompanied him through the bush for several days, but he soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armyta'ge pursued his wanderings alone. The spirit of the place seemed to be upon him, for immediately he had breakfast he would fill his flask and start into the forest. The whole day he would spend walking aimlessly about, peering into the scrub and here and there turning over the dead leaves, which in places lay thickly on the earth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over logs, in the hops that something would be revealed that could assist him in his quest. The farm laborers frequently met him in his solitary walks, and they soon came look upon him as demented. He had more than once visited Blackburn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for him, and about three weeks after his arrival at the farm-house he found himself at midday for the third, time in close proximity to the hut.' - - ;.. It was on this occasion that he committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he remained concealed near the farm-House until darkness : camo on, so that he could enter unobserved. He had been lying in the scrub about two hours when he was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on the crackling undergrowth imd, with a hunted look of fear, he jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, through, a. small opening in the thicket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with mingled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waited for the • unexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered inhis present state of agitation, but he felt a, satisfaction in seeing that" it was the farmer who had come 011 him. • • ",If he has mcn'I have him !" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of liis guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a' calm demeanor. He looked at him for a full minute before he spoke and then said: "What On earth is the matter?. Tou look as frightened as if you had seen a ghost." The man addressed tried, to look unconcerned as his companion Tspoke, but the attempt only ended in a shudder. He had at first thought of concealing the gold from SKeridari, but the Tatter's sudden appearance prevented him cairying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell him of his luck. " No ; I haven't seen anything to frighten me; but, through my persistent hunting .for the treasure, I have been rewarded in finding a portion of it.. I discovered one of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor, and excitement,, I. suppose I do look somewhat queer." - ' ''Found the gold !" exclaftnSd^the fanner. ; "Where did you find it"-?'l " % .. " Down at the—that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for the other boxes,but found 110 tracc of them,' ' answered the embarrassed man. " I will go with you to-morrow, and we'll makc.a better search. We must get the remainder. We will never be content until we do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in his eye6. "Yes; to-inormw we will go. It is too late now." ''Gome up to the house and let me see .what you have found. ;I am all anxiety." ^ "I don't want to go before dark," answered Armytage. "If the farm hands see me carrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we don't want that.'' " Tou are right! you are right!" assented Sheridan- " The less talk there is the better. We must, keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comesiby it wiU flisarm ,suspicion." "Yes; that will be best. It: wiU be'dark ,in another, hour, so, that we will not havedong to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoarse whispers,conversed until darkness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the house, Armytage ever a,ud anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim; and when they reached the homestead Sheridan took bis companion into his own room unobserved. " You must stay in the room with me now, as you cannot remain with my. overseer, who wauld.be almost certain to find out the gold.- I will make a bed up. here,, and then we can arrange our plans without fear of interruption or discovery." ; Having thus -- decided, Sheridan had a second bed put iii the room, and during the night his companion showed him the gold he had found* keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. : "Thereisasmall fortune there," remarked the farmer to.his companion. We miistbe in luck's way.. : First. I discover a box and now you find another ." . ' " Bv all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over this matter, I shoidd retain what I have found," replied the latter. :*' You have given me only a fraction of your find, and . I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will make us about square." "Oh! ' Honor among thieves, 1 you know. You surely would not act as you say. I always gave you money when you asked for it, and what more could you expect ? You will divide with me, surely!" '•'I'llmake a fair bargain with you, Sheridan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find any more of the 'plant' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be no further trouble to you, as I have provided for myself now," " I don't think that is fair. I want half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thing on you." » " I tell you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. You didn't give me half of yours, and you must be eontent with what you get. If you denounce me to the police I will do the same with you and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan that it would be useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little time he said: " Well, don't let us quarrel about it. I know you are a good-hearted fellow, and I •will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps Jto-morrow we may find more,and we will be content." , I \- It is very easy to talk of •' to-morrow,'.' but it never comes to some people. Thousands wlio look upon the setting.sun f with bright hopos and plans for the future in their minds, never again see the glorious orb of day illumine the world ; for, in daylight or dark, that tireless roaper Death pursues, his courie, and ever and always the human, harvest is being gathered in by the Sickle of the Gleaner. CHAPTER XXI THE HISEE S CTJE.SE. Women and wine are generally understood to be the ruin of men who go wrong on life's highway, but whilst there is a good deal of truth in the statement, it is quite beyond doubt that gold is responsible for more human wrecks than the other two causes combined. Money is a two-edged weapon. It will cut both ways. It is potent for good or ill. For, while it can be made the means of incalculable good—of rescuing the waifs and strays of the world—it can also be used to drag down the best of humanity. There is probably 110 curse so terrible as to be a miser. The burning thirst for gold saps up the genial springs of lire, and the affections that stculd be lavished on his kin are bestowed by the miser on his money-bags. He lives for nothing else but hoarding gold, and he is a useless excrescence on the human, race. Racked with fears and forebodings of loss, he never knows what content or happiness is, and his life in reality is an accursed one. Michael Sheridan was not, in the full sense, a miser, but he had the seeds of the complaint in his composition, and they.. only needed something to feed 011 when they would burst forth luxuriantly and produce a. rich harvest »f results. After his unsatisfactory interview with Armytage, he left the bedroom and went to another part of the house, where lie seated himself at a table with a bottle of brandy in front of him. , Time after time he helped liimself to the fieiy liquor and, with his elbows on the table and his head between his hands, he remained for hours in profouudest thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and he muttered, aloud : " I must have half, and I don't sec why I shouldn't have the lot. He found it 011 my land and it belongs tome. He'll not leave here with it as he thinks he will. I must stop him somehow." Then, after a long pause, he raised his head and said: " I wish the wretch was dead! If he was any good he would have died before this. He is like an ill weed, or one of those twisted and useless trees which the woodmen pass by while they fell the good ones. If he would die I'd be content." With these savage words on his lips his head sank on the table in a heavy slumber, and he only awoke as the morning sun streamed in and the bustle and noise outside awoke him. " Where did you get to, last night ? You were not in your room," asked Armytage, when he met him later on. " I fell asleep in a side-room over a drop of brandy, and slept until morning The queer look 011 Sheridan's face as he spoke to his companion did not escape that keen observer's notice. You don't look well, my friend, and you are actually shivering," he remarked. " I have caught cold sitting up so foolishly all night,-1 suppose, and I st say that I don't feel well," was the reply. Armytage had no wish that Sheridan should accompany him that day as he had his! own plans to lay, and the farmer, who felt; somewhat conscience-stricken when he remembered 'his thoughts of the previous night, also wished to be alone, and he said;.. "It would be only tempting providence for me to go out to-day. I will go to bed." This exactly suited Armytage, for it would be, to say the least, inconvenient to point out where'he got the gold, and next day he intended to quietly depart with his booty, without giving Sheridan anything. The thought of his victim lying, in the wood cutter's hut was haunting him, and he wanted to get away from the district; yet some indefinable impulse urged him to re- main. "I will stop another day, at any rate. Nothing will happen in that short time, and then I will leave here forever and leave my avaricious and gambling friend to himself and his cards," he thought. " Don't you think we had better let our search for the gold stand oyer until to-morrow ?" he spoke aloud. " I think so, for I am in no humor to go to-day," replied Sheridan. "A day will not make much difference, and in the morning we will make a good start and, I hope, meet with more luck," replied Armytage. During thfe forenoon Sheridan never spoke a word about the gold, which somewhat surprised his companion, who expected him to renew his solicitations for an equal division. At mid-day he went out, telling the farmer he would return in hour or so. . He had 1 changed his clothes and wrapped the ones he had worn on the previous day in a bundle, as he was so suspicious of discovery that he was detennined to destroy them on the first opportunity. * He had no actual reason for this course, only that undeftnable dread which seems to perpetually haunt the murderer. When he had gone Sheridan walked with halting steps across the yard to a store-house some little distance from the main building. The door was locked, but, taking a key from his pocket, he opened it and went inside. After shutting and re-locking the door, he searched the shelves,and at last found a small cannister, which he took down and opeued. It was nearly full of a white powder and, taking a piece of-paper, ihat 'lay on the -floor, •he put some of the powder into it aud : -replaced the cannister on the self. Putting the package in oue of his pockets, he opened the door and retraced his steps to the house. When Armytage went away he had tio fixed intention of going to any particular place. His steps led him in the direction of a paddock where large trees were burning for clearing purposes. The sight of the roaring flames brought to his mind the suit of soiled clothes, which he had wrapped in a bundle and left in the" bedroom. " I was a fool to leave that parcel behind me. The sooner it is destroyed the spfer I will be. I'll go back and get it now and burn it. No one will notice me." Reproaching himself for his foolishness in not at once destroying the clothes which he seemed so anxious to get rid of, he went back to the house and entered the bedroom unperceived. He had taken the precaution before leaving to take nearly all the gold with him, and only a small portion had been concealed in the room. " It's not safe to trust Sheridan," he thought; " but even if he takes this small portion it won't be much of a loss." As he lifted up the bed-clothes for the bundle he had hidden there he uttered a low cry of dismay, for it was gone. If he had just been sentenced to death he could not have been more terror-stricken than he was at that moment. He sat down on the bed trembling—after first turning it over and searching the room in tho bops that be might discover the bundle somewhere about; but his search proved fruitless.—To bk Continued. 510 FT il 