STORY PAGE. now fidst published . THROUGH THICK AND THIN. BY CLEMENTINE MONTAGU, Author of " For Love and Fame," "My Wifo or His, 'Leonora's Logacy," &o.;, &o.; f Tho Queensland rights of this story, have hoen purohnsod by tho TcUgrapli Newspaper Company from Cassell and Company, London and Mel bourne Chapter II. — ( Continued .) Any one knowing Sir Paul Cheaney as lie appeared in society would have found it difficult to guess at tho reason of any young girl's dislike to him. He was a perfect gentleman in manners and as handsome a man as ever danced in a hall- room or made his how to his sovereign. He was of high descent — the Ohesnevs came of a long lino of ancestors. Cheaney Grange had kept its name and its owners in an unbroken line since the days of the Tudors, and it waB one of Sir Paul's boasts that it had never harboured a fugitive king or stabled tho horses of tho armies of the Commonwealth. ' It is really a distinction to have had nothing to do with either side,' he said. ' Every house of any antiquity claims to have sheltered royalists or suffered at the hands of Cromwell's undignified heroes ; the Grange has a clean record and can only hoaBt of an unblemished reputation. We have not even a family ghost — none of our visitors have evor been disturbed by phantom ladies wringing thoir hands, or visionary boys asking to have Christian burial for their forgotten bones. You will be safe from any fright here, Hiss Hi vers.' This had been said to Marion when she was at CheBney Grange with her father, and was charmed with the fine old place so beautifully kept, and she had seemed to like Sir Paul as much as she did his house; hut Mr. Kivers had been not a little puzzled by her bidding him the coldest possible farewell when tho time came for them to leave. TJp to the night before she had appeared to enjoy his sooiety, and their intercourse, until they had gone to dross for dinner, had seemed pleasant enough. Sir Paul was called out for something afterwards, and was not much in tho drawing-room ; and Marion saw no more of him that evening, and in the morning her manner to him was frigidity itself. Since then she had not seemed to care for his Booiety at all. Her father asked her one day if Sir Paul had ever done or Baid anything to offend her, and she stared at him with wide-open eyes. 'Never,' she replied. 'He is always perfectly polite to me.' He was looking out for them when ... they . arrived at Torrance House, the residence of the Earl of Chaoewater, whoso countess was the giver of the entertainment, and he took her hand with an air of right that always annoyed her. Ho would not be Bnubbed, do what she would. ' I was getting desperate,' he said. ' You are late.' ' Not very, I think,' she replied, clinging to her father's arm, very much afraid that he would give her up to Sir Paul. ' You are wearing my flowers,' he said in a low tone. . ' How shall I thank you ?' 'I am wearing them 1.0 pluuse papa,' she replied coldly. ' I knew it would please him if I did so. I beg your pardon,' she added hastily, seeing tho quick blood flush to his face. 1 It was very rude of me to say that. They are very lovely, Sir Paul, and it was very kind of you to send them.' It was not much, but it was something. A bono thrown to a dog is a bone even if there is nothing on it ; and ho loved her, this man of the world, with a passion that surprised himself. Ho was twice her ago ; he had had love affairs by the dozen. Ho could have stretched out hiB hand and beckoned to the faireBt and wealthiest of the girls of the world in whioh he moved. There wore mothers who would have gone down on their knees and thanked him with all their hearts had he taken a daughter of theirs, and he had passed them nil by and turned to this nobody — this child of . a man, who, a a dozen years ago, thought a house in tho suburbs and a one-horse brougham luxury, and who had 110 ancostors to speak of — common people at best if they evor existed, yeomen and tillers of the ground, when the forbears of the Chesnevs were fighting as became gentlefolks. Sir Paul told himself that ho was bewitched — that ho must be under some spell. But from the first moment of his acquaintance with Marion's father he had made up his mind to have the grave, shy little girl for his wife. Sho had blossomed out into a fascinating woman, who held him in thrall till ho could have done anything for her sweet sake — given up anything almost There wore passages in his life of whioh ho thought with a wince whenever her pure innocence rose before his mind. But if she would only marry him — and she would in time — ho would be all that a husband should he to her;, nil that inan ever could he to the woman he adored. Marion was surrounded as soon as she . entered the ballroom, but Sir Paul pos sessed himself of her card. 'How many?' he asked her in a low tone. 'Only one, please; we shall leave early.' He. marked two — he would not monopolise her— and perhaps he should . get her to sit out one of them ; and then saw her whirled off to waltz with ' a "" hideous giant in uniform,' as he described to himself the elegant ydung guardsman who bad been fortunate enough to seouTO the first dance. His turn came presently, and ho claimed her. ' Have you energy enough : for the humors ?' he asked her, hoping she would say no. Sho was tired; hut she had no intention of sitting out with him, £nd she expressed herself ready to dance all the rest of the evening. ...During the A dance something in the musio sent her thoughts wandering, and Sir Paul saw' a dreamy odd expression come into herfaoe. ' You are, a long way off,' he said, as their hands touohed presently, and she came baok with a start, and Baid ' Yes.' ' Would it be rude to ask where ?' ' Not at all. I was at CheBney Grange.' ' My house is honoured. I am rejoioed to think it has pleasant memories for you.' 'I eaid nothing about anything pleasant. I was not in the house exaotly ; I was thinking of the wood.' ' What about it ? It is pretty.' ' Very pretty ; I was thinking of it as it looked the night before papa and I left. I can see it now with the moonlight glinting through the trees.' ' You wore in tho wood that night ? Whereabouts ? — what time ?' ' I think it was about ten ; we had all the windows opened in tho drawing-rooms and I slipped out ; I don't think anyone missed me ; you were out and it was rather dull. I only went as far as tho hermitage. Don't tell papa that I am given to such escapades, please, or ho will send me hack to the nursery. You look tired, Sir Paul, you are quite pale. I am in better condition than you are after all.' CHAPTER III. Ceeck. Sir Paul Chesnev looked into tho face of his pretty partner with a curious quiver passing over his lips. His eyes were oalm and clear ; ho could hide anything that he did not choose they should tell ; but like many men with otherwise unreadable fanes, he had a singularly sonsitive mouth. When he was agitated those shapely lips of his showed it, and he was agitated now ; why was best known to himself. Marion's words had been simple enough. She had only casually mentioned that she had been out in his grounds on the lust night of her stay in his house. It was a rather uncon ventional proceeding perhaps for a young lady to indulge in, but there was nothing in the mention of it to take the oolour fromhis oheek, and the light from his eyes, and oause his lips to twitoh with an agitation that would not he suppressed. ' You are very pale, Sir Paul,' the girl said after a little pauBe ; ' you aBked mo if I were up to the Lancers. I don't think you are. Are you ill ?' ' I am never ill, Miss Rivers." ' Tired then ?' ' The least bit, perhaps. I have been knocking about a good hit to-day — real walking, not lounging from one place to another on business, and I fanoy it has taken it out of me a little. I ' ' LadieB' ohain' and the exigencies of the rest of the donee stopped whatever he was going to say, and Miss Rivers was not engaged for the next dance, whioh was rather an awkward one ooming just before supper. She had not intended that Sir Paul should take her down, she said to herself; she had blundered her arrangement somehow, and she could not be herself. She could not get away from him anyhow. The supper was set at different tables, and he scoured a corner, procured what she wanted, and then sat down beside her. ' Now I am going to make you confess,' he said with a smile. ' Confess what ?' ' "What you meant just now by your extraordinary assertion.' ' You should never inquire too closely into a woman's meaning for anything,' Marion said with assumed gaiety, though Bhe felt anythinghut lively at tho question and would have given a good deal to be able to jump up from her supper and make her escape. If Sir Paul had planned to prevent her doing so, he could not very well have placed her in a better spot. She eould not got out of her corner without disturbing at least half a dozen people, and making a tremendous commotion, so she sat still, and tried to fanoy that her heart was not heating abnormally fast, and she was perfeotly oalm and collected. She looked about hoping that her father would come to them and talk to Sir Paul, or that someone would upset something over her pretty dress and oblige her to retreat to the dressing-room, hut nothing so con venient happened — that she could only wait to hear what he had to say. ' You have raised my curiosity, that is all,' he said presently, ' and I want you to gratify it.' ' In what way ?' ' About your "thoughts just now. "When I asked you where you were, you said vou were' at Cheaney Grange — in the wood.' ' So I waB.' 1 Alone ?' ' Really, Sir Paul, you are too inquisi tive. "What if I refuse to answor ?' ' Then you will have given mo a lesson on impertinence that I shall profit by, I have no doubt ; but you have made me intensely inquisitive. "What part of the wood did you honour with your pre sence ?' ' My Lady's Bower.' Her answer was short, only throe words, and again the queer spasm flushed over her partner's face. to be continued to-iioiuiow. 