DEPUTATIONS. ? THE GRANGE RAILWAY. The purchase of the Grange Railway by the Government was strongly advocated by a numerous deputation which waited on the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) on Tuesday morning, April 26. Mr. B. GOULD, M.P., introduced the deputation, and spoke of the desirableness of the Government acquiring the railway by purchase. It was advisable that the Government should purchase all the railways in the colony, and this particular line might be used as an alternative line to the Semaphore, while it would afford a means of access to the forts on the coastline. Mr. J. T. MCLEAN (Chairman of the Woodville District Council) presented the following petition, which was read by the Clerk" We the undersigned memorialists, residents and owners and others interested in the district of Woodville, Grange, and Henley Beach, most respectfully beg to urge the purohaae of the Grange Railway by the Government at onoe for the following reasons:—1. That all the railways in the oolony should be under the control of the South Australian Railway Commissioners. 2\. That for many years the Grange and Henley Beach have languished on account of the uncertainty of transit, but settlement would be greatly promoted by the establishment of permanent service of the Grange Railway. 3. That the inhabitants of the colony would be oonvenienoed and the railway revenue augmented by the proposed purchase. 4. That it is desirable in the interest of the general community that the Government should have access by rail to the Military-road otherwise than by the circuitous route through Port Adelaide and Glanville, and that it is desirable to establish direct communication with the seacoasfe between the Semaphore and Glenelg for military purposes. 5\. That the acquisition of the Grange Railway, connecting with the existing Government lines at Woodville, would effect the object from the best point and at trifling expense. 6. That the effective working of the Grange Railway by the Government wou.d be a great convenience to your memorialists and to the general public. 7\. That as the Grange Railway is under offer to the Governmeut for the small sum of £2,500 it could be made to pay a satisfactory rate of interest upon the cost. ' 8. That if the present opportunity is lost the Government may at an early date be under the necessity of expending ten times the amount to effect the same object. 9\. That the Grange Railway would form a valuable alternative line to the Semaphore, Largs Bay, and the forts. 10. That as traffic increases the line to Port Adelaide and over Jervois Bridge will become more and more inconvenient and dangerous. 11. The returns of the traffic as marked by the Government for the past ten months have shown a profit to the department, althoueh the line has been worked at great disadvantages, and we maintain that if this new established line is taken over by the Government and carried on to Henley Beach the result must be a large increase of revenue to the Railway Department." Mr. MCLEAN said 150 gentlemen had signed the petition, and all of them were interested in property at the Grange. During the pask twelve months the total takingB had been £848, of which the Grange had been credited with £424, while guarantee had been paid to the extent of £127. There was an absolute profit to the revenue of the colony, especially when it was considered that the line was a feeder. He was convinced that if the Government took up the railway the returns would be trebled in three years. Even considering the interest on the purchase - money, which amounted to £2,500, the line would return a profit. The line was constructed with good steel rails, which alone, he believed, would bring the amount asked. He understood that a gentleman from Western Australia was going to look at tho railway, provided the Government did not take it, but he urged the Government not to lose the chance of effecting such a bargain. If the railway were under Government control he felt certain that many more people would live at the Grange. From a national point of view ic behoved the Government to purchase the railray. The Hon. R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., supported the request, although he could hardly agree with all the details laid out in the petition. They were not asking the Government to take over a white elephant, but a concern which he believed would turn out most profitably. He had no duubt that the property was worth £10,000—four times the amount asked for. Mr. T. H. BROOKER, M.P. (Mayor of Hindmarsh), thought all railways should belong to the State, and this was an excellent opportunity for the Government to acquire the Grange Railway. The Grange was the nearest beach to Hindmarsh, but owing to the ineffective arrangements of the past residents of his district had giv.u..lriti there. Had the petition been chcu.ated through Hinrtmarsh and Kilkenny he believ.-d thousands of signatures could have been obtained. The Hon. G. W. COTTON, M.L.C., and Messrs. S. R. WAKEFIELD, T. STEPHEN DAVIS, W. GILBEBT, M.P., and ASHTON also spoke. The COMMISSIONER, in reply, said be recognised the necessity of affording means of access where possible, and that it was best that the railways should as far as possible be in the hands of the Government, He would not, however, be a party to any negotiations for the purchase of a line merely for the purpose of giving the speculators who constructed it a profit. (Hear, hear.) But he believed in the case of the Grange line there would not be much profit. (Laughter.) The line, he understood, cost £20,000. There was a difference in the figures supplied by the deputation and those broughtup by the Railway Commissioners, although he thought it right to state that the latter had not made an allowance for the traffic to Woodville. (Hear, hear.) A portion of this should be credited. (Hear, hear.) He did not think it would be a serious loss for the Government to purchase the line at the present rate of traffic, although he could not accept as gospel the statements that had been made as to its future increase. (Laughter.) He would get a report from the Railway Commissioners and bring the matter before the Ministry, and endeavour to send a reply before May 1, when he believed the present arrangement expired. If the Government did not purchase the line he thought he could say that some arWeenientS Wv^'d be made for the future working of the line. TAXIDEBMV.—The late lamented Indiad tapir, who passed his life so quietly and inoffensively at the Zoological Gardens, contributing unobtrusively to the enjoyment as' well as instruction of visitors, departed this life some weeks ago, and bequeathed his bi- coloured hide to the Adelaide Museum. Mr. Bepsley, the Government Taxidermist, took the animal's epidermis in hand, with the result that he hai produced a counterfeit presentment of the deceased, which is so very naturr.l that, but for the varnished plank of / kauri pine upon which It stands, the tapir looks exactly in "his habit as he tyvea," like the ghost of Hamlet's father. The tapir was not enjoying very good health towards the end of his existence in the flesh, and in his restlessness he rubbed off some of the short stiff hair covering his bide. These bare patches show the cuticle underneath, and in the stuffed version rather help out the illusion than otherwise. The specimen of "our only tapir" will shortly awe", the natural history collection in the Museum. 1 Mr. Eeasley has also reproduced a whole family of dingoes in the most natural attiudes, from that of the alert old dog to the l>ert pup. If any country folk to whom the wild dog is a nuisance rather than a cherished curiosity, as it iB here, would send down a specimen of a thoroughbred dingo the Government Taxidermist would no doubt be very grateful. People in the back blocks do sometimes forward birds and other creatures, and they are always freely acknowledged. IJIPBISONMEST OF AX INSOLVENT.—The final hearing of the case of William Inwood, Manager of the local branch of the Anglo- AuBtralian Bank, which stopped payment in August last, came on at the Insolvency Court on Tuesday morning. The granting of a certificate was opposed by Mr. C. F. Fenn on behalf of Mrs. A. Trehey, of North Adelaide, to whom Inwood was indebted in the sum of £100. Inwood was the Manager of the Anglo- Australian Bank in Adelaide, and came over to Adelaide under engagement with Mr. Staples, the Managing Director of the Bank in Melbourne, at a salary of £300 per annum. Mrs. Trehey was one of the customers of the Bank. She had deposited £300 at the Bank for twelve months in January, 1891, but the following day Inwood persuaded her to withdraw her deposit, and lend him £150 on his personal security alone at 12 per cent, and deposit £150 only. This was done, and the arrangement was that the money was to be paid back at six, twelve, »nd eighteen months. When the first £50 was coming due Inwood borrowed £130 from Mr. C. Drew, and paid Mrs. Trehey her £50. Just on the eve of the closing of the Bank Inwood got an overdraft of £80 from the institution. Mr. Commissioner RosBell, in passing judgment, said that the whole circumstances surrounding tho case wore of a most dishonourable character. The insolvent had really appropriated the money from the Bank, which he called an overdraft, to his own use, and he had borrowed the money from Mrs. Trehey without any reasonable expectation of ever repaying the debt. He thus came under the charge which Mr. Fenn had laid against him. lie had served forty days in gaol on an unsatisfied judgment summons for the sami' debt, aud now he would grant him a second-class certificate, and order a further term of imprisonment for six months. Inwood was formerly connected with the Oriental and Federal Banks and the Metropolitan Buildimr Society, and of these only the 1-ederal Bank ia now in existence. 