THE GEEAT OPAL ! ITSTERY. CHAPTER XXXV. — (Continued.) " I am sure what you say makes me very happy, Mr. St. Lawrence — Mr Pancourt, I mean," Mrs. Dalton re" turned. " But you surprise me by say" ing that my daughter gave you an assurance, and — and — wouldn't it hav0 been better to wait a few days? She is scarcely prepared perhaps — so sud" denly, you know." Mrs. Dalton stammered and colored. Lena had not received the announce ment of Mr. St. Lawrence's accession to the name and style of Fancoart at all asshehad expected — indeed, instead of its restoring her to cheerfulness, she had looked the image of grief and despair, and, if Mr. St. Lawrence should preBS for an answer that even ing, she scarcely knew what might be the result. "You must allow something for a lover's impatience, my dear madam," he , replied, smiling ; " besides, how could I remain away from Bertha and allow her to hear all that has ocourred from other sources ?" Mrs. Dalton again looked puzzled and surprised. " I am sure it is very good of you to think of Bertha," she said. ".She is a dear, good girl, though of course not like her sister." 1 "No, thank Heaven!" ejaculated Eustace to himself. "Then I have your consent?1' he continued, aloud. " You will receive me as your son. You have no longer any misgivings ?" " Misgivings ! Oh, dear no," cried Mrs. Dalton. "I am sure nothing could have turned out better than it has ; and there need be no long delay either, you see." " I do not see why any delay should be necessary," said Eustace. " Thanks, my dear Mrs. Dalton. . Lord Alphing- ton bade me say he would call on you before leaving town. He wishes me to go with him to Alphington Park, but I hope our stay in London will bo prolonged for a few days." He shook hands with Mrs. Dalton, and, finding Bertha did not return, he went away, saying ho would see her again in the morning. CHAPTER XXXYI. AND. BAST. Mrs. Dalton returned to Lena's room, hoping to find her asleep. Bertha was there. When she saw her mother she jumped up from the low stool where she had been sitting by the fire, and threw her arms round her neck. " Eustace has told you all, has he not, mamma?" she whispered. " Please forgive me for having kept our en gagement a secret from you — it was only for a few days." " Your engagement ? What are you talking about, child? Have you lost your senses 1" said Mrs. Dalton, aghast. " Has ho not told you then?" asked Bertha, withdrawing her arms, and looking into her mother's face. Something in Bertha's blushing, happy face, the recollection of the manner in which she had found St. Lawrence and Bertha together, stag gered Mrs. Dalton ; she began to re call her conversation with St. Law rence, and remembered that he had not mentioned Lena's name. Still she struggled against conviction. "But you, Bertha," she said, in a quavering voice, and sinking into the nearest chair — "you Countess of Alphington I It is impossible !" "Hush, please, mamma!" entreated Bertha, glancing towards the bed where Lena lay. " Bead that — it will tell you all and she drew St. Law rence's letter from her pocket and placed it in her mother's hand. Lena turned her head uneasily and uttered a low moan — Bertha sprang to her side. " My head ! " she said, putting up her hand. Bertha found that her sister's hands were burning and that her breathing seemed oppressed. She beckoned to her mother. Mrs. Dalton had not finished reading the letter, but she had seen enough to convince her at last of the mistake that she had been laboring under. She felt inclined to think that both Eustace and Bertha had been to blame in the matter — it would have been so very much better if things had gone as she had arranged them. Now thero would be another trousseau to prepare, as she said to Bertha. But Bertha the future countess became immediately in Mrs. Dalton's eyes a very different person from Bertha the teacher of music, the industrious and compliant daughter on whom she could cast tho chief burthen of the house hold. Bertha had now suddenly become a person of importance, and, notwithstanding her expressions of vexation that people would .persist in not seeing things in tho most sensible light — that is, in the light in which she saw them — she would have entered with effusion into future pros pects had not Bertha stopped her for Lena's sake. Lena was really ill. When morning came the doctor had to be summoned. Brain fever threatened, and the utmost quiet was declared to be necessary. So, instead of wedding festivities, there was a hushed household and grave and anxious faces. Lord Alphington and Sir Stephen and Lady Langley delayed their de parture from town till Lena was pro nounced out of danger. Every atten tion that kindness and pity oould suggest was paid to the unfortunate invalid. Perhaps to fall ill was the best thing that Lena could have done — it turned people's feelings of dis pleasure into commisseration. Bertha watched unremittingly by her sister's bed, comforted, however, by the daily presence of her lover; she would listen to no word of mar riage till Lena was safe, and Eustace, respecting her feelings, forbore to press for any decision as to time. During the. month that followed the trial of Sedley and the two Lemonts came on — for Mrs. Lemont did not die, though her health was perma nently impaired. It was a painful time. Eustace could not forget the relationship, and visited his cousin several times in prison. Lord Al phington, too, had to bear the mortifi cation of having his name brought forward ; but justice .had to take its course. Sedley was condemned to penal ser vitude for life — a sentenoe he received with the dogged 1 sullennens he had evinced ever since his arrest. Mrs. Sedley, as having aoted under' her husband's directions, got off, but Pierre Lemont waB sentenced to penal servi tude for seven years. Ho was loud in expostulations and entreaties for mercy, seeming to have oxpected to escape punishment by a full confession. He had taken tho opal ring from the box, he said, in order to have some hold upon Sedley should he attempt to oheat him of the ' annuity he had engaged to give him ; and much would he have revealed of Sedley's former lifo if the court would have listened. He was led away lamenting his hard fate, and assuring his sister he would not forget her when the seven years had expired. St, Lawrence sought an interview with Mrs. Sedley on her release from custody, in order to ascertain in what way he could soften, the bitterness of her fate ; she had sinned much, but she had also suffered much, and her sufierings seemed to have broughb her to a better frame of mind. She expressed a wish to live in retirement in her own' country. In' order to enable her to do this St. 'Lawrence, with Lord Alphington's approbation, settled a small annuity upon her, and defrayed the expense of hor passage to Canada, whither she sailed soon after the trial. r Lena Dalton recovered Slowly, but tho brightness of her beauty was dimmed. Her , fine color was gone, her complexion had assumed' a tinge of sallowness : deep, dark lines showed themselves under her eyes ; her hair had beon . cut off, and it was doubtful whether she would be able to crown herself with abundant glossy plaits any more. She moved about wan and spiritless, the ghost of her former 'self. The doctor recommended change of scene and a warmer climate for the winter ; and Mrs. Dalton was glad to get away from the inquiries and con dolence of her " dear friends." It was agreed to shut up Ivy Cottage and proceed to Italy,1 taking old- Martha with them. Bertha wished to accom pany them, not believing that Lena would recover strength or tranquility of spirits if left alone with her mother, who was continually' harassing her with regrets, not to say reproaches. Not only Eustace, however, but Lord Alphington and the Langleys set their faces strenuously against 'this arrange ment, and Bertha was obliged to yield. It so happened that the daughter of the curate of the next parish to Alphington was seeking for some occu pation. Kate Medhurst was a great favorite with Lady Langley ; she had often wished for the girl, who was now four-and-twenty, a more extended ex perience of the world and" an' oppor tunity of cultivating the taste for art which she decidedly possessed. A bright idea struck Lady Langley. Kate Medhurst would accompany Mrs. Dal ton and Lena to Borne. She was not only a thoroughly sensible and intelli gent, but a lively and energetic girl, who could not fail to exercise a bene ficial influence over Lena. '; This arrangement satisfied all parties. Miss Medhurst was glad to go, on condition of having her expenses paid and being treated as one of the family, and Mrs. Dalton was charmed with the idea of having someone who, like Bertha, would take all trouble off her hands. Bertha was married the day before Mrs. Dalton left England. At her particular desire the wedding was a very quiet affair ; she wished to have no. grand preparations that would recall the past. On their return to the house after the ceremony Lord Alph ington , placed the opal ring on the finder of the bride, > ; " '1 he prophecy has come true," he said; "and never has the ring been worn by one more worthy to become Countess of Alphington." " That will not be for many, many years yet, I trust," Bertha returned, touching with her lips the venerable hand that held hers. " All in Heaven's good time, my love," said the Earl. " But, if it be the will of Providence, I shall be glad to be spared a while to witness the happiness of my children." He took Eustace's hand, and, join ing it to Bertha's,, pressed them both within his own with a fervent bless ing. Sir Stephen Langley cleared his throat, and for a minute appeared to have something in his eye. He felt towards Bertha Fancourt, as she was now to be called, very much as if she had been a daughter of his own. Mr. and Mrs. Fancourt, after a short tour, went to stay at Alphing ton Park till after Christmas; then they went northwards to another seat belonging to the Earl, but which was now to be their country home till the season commenced, by which time the house in Magnus Square was to be ready for their reception. Anyone wishing foradmittance there would have met the face of an old friend. The situation of hall-pouter be coming vacant, Perkins, at Mr. Biggs' request, was promoted to the post. It is perhaps needless to say that he filled it with much self-satisfaction. He looked upon Biggs as a wonderful man, and held no grudge against him ; but he had received a lesson, and was careful in the future how he became confidential over a glass of whisliy and water. The Honorable -Mr. and Mrs. Fan- court had not yet returned to town when news arrived from Bome. Douglas had written warm congratula tions both to Eustaoe and Bertha, and from subsequent letters they gathered that he had quite recovered his spirits. Now he was going to .take them by surprise, he said. He was about to be married. He had first been attracted to Kate Medhurst from a fancied resemblance to Bertha, but had soon learned to love her for herself. Ho had been working steadily during the winter and making money, and tho want of fortune with his bride would be no drawback ; she was worth her weight in gold herself, the enthusiastio bridegroom-elect averred. Miss Med hurst would return to England with Mrs. Dalton and Lena in the spring, and he would shortly follow, when he hoped a happy reunion awaited them all. "How glad I ami" Bertha ex claimed. "I think it was the only thing wanting to makw my happiness complete." " How jealous I was once," Eustace said, kissing his wife fondly, " when I' was afraid the prophecy wouldn't come true 1 But now all has turned out well, for Douglas has found the right woman, it seems, and my Bertha wears the opal ring " THE END. 