AMUSEMENTS. Theatre Roy-at,. There was a good holiday attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when Messrs. Parker and Rignold's dramatic version of Goethe's beautiful poem, " "Faust," was presented. The drama with its marvellous scenic and supernatural effects was received with every token of approbation, and through out the evening the company was greeted with acclamation. "Faust" will be repeated to rn ght and throughout the week giving place on Saturday night to the new and original drama by Wilson Barritt, "Nowadays," in which Mr. William Rignold will make his first public appearance in Adelaide. Garner's Rooms. This popular place of amusement was crowded to the doors on Tuesday evening, when the Pollard Juvenile Opera Company gave their second presentation of Audran's melodious comic opera "La Maseotte." The efforts of the little ones were greeted with Jlong J and continuous applause, and there seems j little doubt but what the season of the children in Adelaide will prove highly successful. Cornish Concert. Encouraged by the success of the concert given on Friday evening, the Cornish Musical Society gave a repetition of last week's pro gramme in the victoria Hall on Tuesday evening^ The hall was well filled, and the various items on the programme were carried out to the entire satisfaction of the audience, who were unsparing in their marks of appre ciation. Archer-street Schoolroom. A novelty in the shape of a "drawing-room entertainment for the people" was given in the Archer-street Wesleyan sohoolroom on Tues day evening. The hall was crowded and the Rev. H. T. Burgess occupied the chair. The platform was nicely arranged and tastefully decorated by some of the young ladies of the congregation, furniture being lent by Mr. P. LeCornu, of North Adelaide. The entertain ment opened with the National Anthem, which was given in solo and chorus parts. Several plantation melodies, such as "But is it so," "Far away over there," and "Home, boys, home," were rendered by the Misses Dicken son, Hanke, Mitchell, and Fowler, Messrs. Pash, J. Michell, and . Cooper. Mr. F. J. Michell accompanied the melodies on the piano and played the accompaniments for the [soloists. After Mrs. Thomas and Mis3 Trevorrow had artistically given pianofore selections, Miss Fowler sang and scored a success in the "Old log cabin," the company joining in the chorus, and in the pretty song, "Mary fof Argyle." Miss Michel's clear soprano was also heard to advantage in "I cannot sing the old songs," while Miss Trewenack gave an excellent rendering of the "Bailiff's daughter." One of the principal features of the concert was the two sketches of Cornish character given by the • Rev. G. E. Rowe during the evening. The first was entitled "Maister Pascoe and his weak narves." Into this the rev. gentle man imported considerable humor, as he de scribed now the simple- hearted Cornishman was affected with " trembles" when approached on ticklish subjects. Mr. Rowe also recited a Cornish ghost story, in which it was shown how even the bravest and callous of men are at some period of their lives " frightened out ofjitheir wits by imaginary spirits haunting their bedrooms." The entertainment, which was under the auspices of the Archer-street Literary Association, was a complete success. Catholic Orphanage Bazaar. The Catholic bazaar in aid of the St. Vin cent de Paul Orphanage was brought to a close on Tuesday evening, when the Town Hall was more than comfortably thronged. Each of the excellently arranged stalls wa3 a centre of attraction and the fair vendors did a thriving business. A pleasing programme of music was provided by the members of the Cathedral choir, numbers being rendered by Mrs. Geach, Misses Korff, Hines, and S. Morrissey, and Messrs. Young, Gook, and Mclnerney. Messrs. L. O'Loughlin, M.P., J. McGann, and A. McDonald with the ordinary committee supervised the drawing for the prizes in connection with the art union, and the winning numbers which were made known will be advertised on Friday next. Cyolorama. The fact that a new singer would be intro duced to the public of Adelaide at the Cyclorama on Tuesday evening drew a large audience, whose expectations were in no way disappointed. Mrs. Gwen Daviea's charming voice and her perfect interpretation of thesolo3 allotted her brought forth expressions of delight, and her success was pronounced. Mr. George Gardner's violin obligatos, written by him specially for the soloist, are of high order, and were finely rendered by his brother, Master J. A. Gardner. Mr. Lockly gained marked attention in his'm interesting lecture on "Jerusalem." 