The Shadows on the Wall. BY DILLON EUBBABD KEBCTAN. While travelling from Burgo to St. Paul recently I became acquainted with a foung man who bad been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home r\ Kew York. " Yes," be said, as he lit a cigar and took rbe seat in front of mine, " I have a ranch out here in Dakota near Park Biver, but I have left it for ever." "The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps?" I suggested. " Oh, I can stand the climate, but"— He hesitated and looked out ct the car window ar. the prairie unrolling itself t>4gor» aim as the train sped on. " I can stand the climate." be flontmueQ " but I can't stand—spectres 1" I gave a start. Whatl This g>.at, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the fill, rapture and radiance of health, afraid oi ghosts 1 Was he drunk? Was he de mented? Or was he simply acting a redicu. lous role i I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. " Oh, I'm all right," he remarked ; " but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of spectres just now V " Yes." " Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakota in 18S5—having been driven to the step by the fact that I had dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall- street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river, not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great grain country up there—produces colossal crops of No. I hard wheat when cyclones, droughts, frosts, hail storms, or prairie firei don't prevent. Listening i" "Yes—certainly." " There was an old two-storey frame boust on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dcllan in getting it made habitable. Finally, oni dreary October day I moved in, with thi help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack —a black fellow who had drifted down that way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in Suuth Carolina. " He arranged the furniture, built a roarinj fire on the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. '"I want your help right along, Jack,' ] said, ' so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and'— "" Cosh amitey, boss!' exclaimed Jack,hi» ebony face taking on a look of terror. ' Gosh amitey I Wouldn't sleep in dis heah house fer nulfin in de worlV "'Why?' "' K.ase hit's got de'—and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper—'hit's got de ha'nts." •'' Bosh I What put such a foolish idea as that in your head ?' "' 'Sense me, boss, but hit am no foolish ness. De man what built dis house kim a stagg'rin' home one night and wue nebber seed er-gin. No, sah t Nebber seed er-gin." "' Was he a bachelor V '"No, sah. He wus a marr'd man, an' his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter that night.' "' Strange 1' "' Xaas, boss, pow'ful strange. Jn' when de banker what bed de mortgage on de place kim hyar for hie money be foun' blood on de flo', sha, blood on de walls, blood on de hyarth 1 Den a fambly fum Gyafton dey moved in, but dey moved out er-gin, quicker'n quick.' "'Why 7' "' To'll fln' out why ef yo' stay heab twell Brawnm''' "' Fiddlesticks 1 Here, take your money and come back to-morrow.* He thanked me sombrely and went hie way. " The dusk grew on. The clouds trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whudderiuground and round the house. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook' of my supper, I their drawing my chair before the fire rca£ until a late hour. The clock was on the stroke of twelve when 1 went to bed. The light of the fire made the room as light as though I had left my lamp Btill burning. I lay with my face turned towards the farther wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a maa and woman on its white, unbroken surface. I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round the apartment. It was empty—empty,-but it in an occult way. I watched the phantom pair—watched them with a nameless fesr, and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. He were a som brero and a cloak, the corners of wuich were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. His atti tude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. Tbe woman wa3 kneeling at bis feet, with bowed bead and fingers locked. " The man finally turned away with a haughty air. The woman rose to her feet, reeled for a moment, and followed him— followed him swiftly with open, outstretched, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in her heart. " The flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. "I sprang from my bed and lit the lamp. 'I most have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again and again, n'ght after night— came when I was as wideawake as I am at the present moment- came when I was alone and when I had the companionship of friends. " I am no spiritist, no believer in the sup ernatural, but I am puzzled by the phenom enon of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally driven me from my ranch. Isball never.return to it." He turned his face to" the car window as he spoke, and looked dreamily out at the : eternal beauty of the sod and sky. A yotUlg man baring remarked that tbe light of certain fruit made bis mouth water, an old toper wbo stood by ex claimed * •' Well I if there's anything that'll make my mouth water, 1 dm't.want to see it 1" " What's an island V asked the. teacher of a school, of tbe class in geography. "The Island is where they send Jim Fai ley's father when he gets drank," answered tbe head boy. A young wife, who had married a physician and was much given to boasting of her husband's wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one day : " Why 1 he cured a natient of convalescence in less than twenty-four boms 1" Couldn't be Otherwise-—" look 1 look 1w said the prosecuting attorney in his speech to the jury, "at that man. He is the very epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth tongue, a smooth manner, a—" " Of course," interrupted the prisoner's counsel," the man couldn't be otherwise than smooth. He was ironed before he came into court." Equal Sauce and Solid—"Yon see,' •aid an English gentleman, who was handling his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchman dining at the same table. " I take a greatdeal of butter to my fish." 41 Ay," said the Scotchman," an' a deevilish deal o' fish to your butter, too 1" 4i "What does p. d. q. mean, pa ?" asked little Johnny, who is quick at picking up things he shouldn't. 41 It means the way you will go upstairs to bed," replied old Brown,44 if I hear another word out of you the whole evening." He freaking a long call)—44 What a very odd-looking clock, Miss Smith, Is it an heirloom?" She (suppressing a yawn)—44 Oh, no; it is a recent purchase of papa's. He has a penchant for such things. I was about to call your attention to it." A Wise Provision- — Two old men lamenting the changes that have taken place. FiesT Old Man (sadly)—411 cannot enioy myself now as I could when I was a. boy." I can't"eat half as much.4' Second Old Man—441 cannot cat as much now as I could when I was a boy, but I re gard that as rather a wise provision." 44 Why so i" 44 Because I haven't as much to eat." 