GREAT BRITAIN. At on auotion salo in London some Madeira wino, supposed to have been presented by Napoleon III., fotohed throe guineas a bottle. In Glasgow the wator lias paid off the debt of purchase, and the priocof gas has heen reduced one-half, while the publie strcots are lighted for nothing. A new clook (" Grent Paul ") is being built for St. Paul's Cathedral, in England. The boll upon whioh tho olook will strike weighs 17 tons, : with a hammer weighing 680 pounds. The leorct marks on Bank of Englnnd notes, by which forgeries are so rapidly detected, are constantly being ohanged. Tho miorosoope will rovoal many suoh peculiarities to an observant oyo. It has been over 1500 years since the rule wns adopted which mskes Easter the first Sunday aftor the first full moon after the sun crosses the line. By this arrangement of things Enstcr may oomo as early as 22nd March, or ns Into as 25th April. One day, in 1830, a working jeweller, Joseph Gillntt, tho famous stool pen maker, acci dentally eplit one of his fine eteel tools. Being suddonly required to sign a receipt, nnd not finding his quill pen at hand, he used the split tool as a ready substitute. This happy acoidcnt led to the idea of making (ions of steel. A discovery of English coins, principally silver, lias been made at Bornnok, near Stam ford, Lincolnshire. The earliest was nn angel of Honry AT 1 1, (first aoinagc), and tho latest a shilling of Charles I., of tho Tower Mint. Among ottiers wero soveral shillings of Edward VI. (1551), a milled sixpence of Elizabeth (1562), a half-sovereign of Edward VI., ditto; of James I., and a sixpence of James I. (1605)/ All tho ooins wore in rather poor condition. Mr. AVilliam O'Brien protests against tho exclusion of tho Christian Brothers from endow ments under the prosont Education Bill, and says if tho Irish people and their Parliamentary representatives mako their voices heard with suflioiont vigor during tho rccoss, Mr. Jaokson may be brought to ace that it is no longer pos sible to enforoe the unjust nnd offensive penalties imposed upon tho Christian Brothers for refusing to banish roligiou and nationality from thoir sobools. Colonel Sir James Fraser, K.O.B., who, until recently, filled the office of Commissioner of the City Police, died on the 13th April nftor a short illness. Sir James, who was in Ids 76th year, was tho son of Colonel Robert Frnser, of Itincarth, Moray. Throughout hislongconncetion with tbo city Sir James Fraser wns extremely popular with the corporation and the oitizens generally, nnd lie brought the diseipiino nnd efficiency of tho city polico force to its present condition of excellence. The cause of temperance in the army is making satisfactory progress in India. Ten years ago it was stated that there wero in the ranks of tho British Army then stationed in oar Eastern Empire some 10,000 abstainers from intoxicating drinks. This number tins now increased to 17.500 ; nnd the 2nd Battalion of tho Royal AVelsh Fusiliers 1ms no fewer thun 535 total abstainers in its ranks, which is a larger number of temperance men than in any other regiment In tho East. In tho panorama of "Jerusalem and tho Holy Land," now being shown in London, tiio spectacle is most impressive. Tho city of Jerusalem is depiotcd as it stood in tho days of Herod, and tho time oliosen is the day of the Crtioifixion, at tho moment when Christ has given up the ghost, darkness is overspreading tho landscape, and the veil of tho Toinplo is rent in twain. Tiio whole scono is full of in tense fooling, nnd reproduced with such force and power as to give tiio semblance of life nnd reality. A smarter hand than a military photographer referred to by Lieutenant Colonel Everett would not bo onsily found. This operator, having a riflo and a "Kodak" at hand as a bear was appronoliing, contrived to take the portrait of his assailant in timo to shoot him dead before the animal was upon liim. The double feat occupied a few seconds. Licutennnt Colonel Everett, who lias seen the photograph, observes with good reason that this story illustrntss what may bo dono in moinentB of extreme excitement with a camera nnd a tittle coolness. Tho record of conviot life at tho Andnmnns shows tho almost incredible hardships which tlie bolder spirits are willing to undergo in the vain dash for liberty. Four escaped convicts recently swam from Ross Island (o South Point, a dis- tenon of lmlf a mile, at night, although tho harbor is known to bo infested with sharks. Three, it appears, wore leeaptured; nnd a contemporary's grim observation is that " their okanceu of repeating the exploit aro likely dur- ing the next fow years to bo very small.". q>l0 fourth, it is predicted, will either 'find his way back to the settlement, or dio miserably in tho jungle. Tho San Francisco Argonaut wants a war with Great Britain, for it " would give Ireland her independence and transfer to thatTovely isle, as to the inflamed point of a boil tho religiouB and political animosities with which tho proud and sensitive— and at present insuffi ciently oppressed— raco now afflibt tho United States. The Irish Rbpublio," after vainly endeavoring to fight things out, would, of course apply for admission as a State -of tho American Union, a:privilego whioh tho people of this country would have too muoh sense to grant." If tho States could only get rid of the Irish men, who, in too many ' instances, oontrol corrupt political organisations, a war with Great'Britain would not be .a high price" to pay for siioh a result. The horso of Lieutenant Robertson, of tho Royal Engineers, ought to receive the cquino equivalent for the Victoria Cross, if suoh thero be. It oalls to mind .that wonderful story; told by General Marbot of the: vicious mare be rodo which destroyed two of bis assailants in notion with her tooth and beds, nnd then oarried him through a hot fire to safety. Bat there is :no evidence that the horse of Lieutenant Robertson was vioious. He knew that his master was ja danger, and defended him. When a murderous attack was made on Lieutenant Robortson by a young Ghazi, and he foil from bis horse bleeding profuBoiy from bis wountls, nnd tbo Ghazi came up to finish bim, the faithful horse' turned bis heels and lasbed out at every attempt of tbo Ghazi to approach tbo wounded 'mau; This bo is said to have dono untilhelp was'at band or the assailant fled. Lieutenant Robertson attri butes the saving of his life to the behavior of bis horse. 