nrm MELBOURNE LETTER. | Monday. Picnic weeks ! Ancl perhaps just here it will be necessary to explain something to you re that malice trip, which is to last from Thursday next to the following Tuesday night. 'This is really a sort of counter to the excur sion Messrs Patterson, McColl and other members made last week to the malice, at the invitation of the farmers, and duly had one story pumped into them. Mr Tavcrner's party are going there in order to examine the question independently, and as Mr W. T. Carter is to be assistant pilot, the information they will seek to obtain will nob be of the kind most favorable to the Bill. It will be interesting to note, when both sets of picnicers get at each other in Parliament, from what very opposite standpoints the mallee can be viewed. But economy is being exhibited even in picnics. The Korrumburra one, for instance, was " wet" enough, but the unfortunate guests — or, rather, most of them, hadn't a bite to eat from start to finish, ten hours, and when the train reached Melbourne, a little before five in the evening, some of them resembled footballs before they are blown out, and nearly all rushed the restaurants. It is soft, that Korrumburra coun try, and the ladies who ventured to ride from the one mine inspected to the other found their steeds floundering knee-deep in the soft clay and crab holes, and returned with their habits bedaubed with mud from spur to plume. Of course, there was plenty of local excitement-, and Mr Parry, one of the pioneers who have stuck to the work with unflagging enterprise and faith, averred liis complete confidence that now there was nothing more to be done hut distribute dividends to the shareholders for the term of their natural lives. I have beard that sort of talk before over champagne, but as one who has been underground in a good many hundreds of claims in the various colonies of Australasia in his lifetime, and who has also had the advantage of closely investigating the mines at Newcastle —they really are mostly at Lamblon, some miles distant — 1 can speak of these at Korrumburra with something different to a Tyro's knowledge. The' seam that is at pre sent being worked there is said to be four feet in thickness. When we put the rule over it, though, we could only make it three feet six, and if it keeps that size throughout the property there would be about two million tons in it. But to win this they have to take out about three feet of mullock for every four feet of coal, which has, of course, all to be trucked lmck to the tip. The present driving price is low — thirty shillings per yard — but unless the coal thickens as they advance into the hill, this will necessarily in crease, as "the country" is almost sure to harden. The one great advan tage of this Korrumburra mine is that the coal beds outcrop on the sides of the hill, and rise as they go in, so that they can alt be worked by adit levels perfectly dry, so that there is no cost of pumping or winding to be incurred. This unquestionably does make it possible to work tliein profitably, though I doubt if this can be done. The second advantage Chat they possess, is that oiice their coal is in the tracks, not Melbourne alone, but the whole colony is their market. With the sea home article this is somewhat different, as the coal has to be lifted out of the hold of the vessel bringing it, bagged or put in baskets, and carted to Spencer-street. The Korrumburra mine having its branch railway right to the tip, can with equal ease deliver its coal at Ballarat, Bendigo, Sale, Bechworth, Ararat or Portland, or or any other town in the colony. The only question is, can it mine its coal at a price to undersell the imported article without the protection of duty? There are some shrewd, practical men in the company, among whom we. may count the well-known contractor, \l »» Pirrrlrin mrl 1V» nfifc llb"p1T 1 T> i.l J- i-jYiw j J make mistakes in matters of this sort, and they tell me they can win coal from the present top seam at -is Gd per ton. Ac the present rate of carriage, 'though one penny per ton per mile, it costs them five and nine- pence more per ton to convey it the sixty-eight and a half miles to Mel bourne. They arc, however, hopeful that they will conquer the obdurate hearts of the Railway Commissioners, who are shortly to make a special private visit to the mine, and obtain a reduction of the haulage rate to some thing inorc nearly resembling the English on a farthing per ton per mile. Of course, if this could - be achieved, it would make nearly as much difference to the prospects of the company as the payment of a composi tion of a farthing in the pound does to the worldly affairs of the millionaire. It, urmilrl linivftvpr hf> lininf. to ICor- uuuiu, ""j:-- ---- rumburra to refer to it as if its fate depended upon the one thin seam of coal it is now working. As a matter of fact, five have been discovered by boring, one of which is said to be over eleven, and another more than four teen feet in thickness. On these — though they arc not likely to be opened up for years yet — will prolwbly dopond the future of the mine. Our Minister of Education is a modest man, hut he understands the limitations of his powers. When wc were groping in the main drive at Korrumburra — it was- at that point only about live feet high, as we were close to the face— one of the ladies pre sent besought him to indulge in that resonant smile which is historic throughout the length and breadth of Australia. " O ! please laugh, Mr Peacock," she asked ; " I should like to hear you laugh underground." Air Peacock, it may be explained, now occupies the position of being expected to let off a laugh at any moment like a " didn't know it was loaded" piece of artillery. Of such are the inconve niences of fame. But the Alinistei, who is a bit of a young St. Kevin in his way, and has so far exhibited a flinty heart adamantine to feminine persuaviness, replied, " Sorry, I can't; but if I were to laugli here i u oung v thereof in." This last paragraph is but a sort of playing iu piece an introduction to a good story of Mr Peacock's, which illustrates how the supernatural may interfere with the performance of the vocation of the most practical Minis ter. Some time since there was a school in a certain country district. The schoolmaster thereof regarded with an altogether too beaming eye some of his female pupils, and the result was that the wife hanged hei- self. - Other instructors of youth of better certified moral dispositions were retained, but these were placed some miles off in another building, and the old school was closed. It speedily acquired the reputation of being haunted, though how or by whom was not clear. It was -.the usual case of -hearing strange and 1 uncanny: noises, so that after a: while the deserted budding was at night shunned, -tsy-and-by the new teacher and his wife desired increased accommodation at the premises they .occupied. .The depart ment which is now strictly economical in all its dealing decided to remove the old ghost haunted school-house, and out of the material thereof add to the one. then in occupation the; rooms; re quired. A daring contractor under took to remove the old weatherhn.arrl structure bodily iu a lorry, and essayed the task. He was late in startiug with his doll's house, and night coming on he thought he might as well sleep in- it so as to bo under cover. : But the noises lie heard soon drove him from his re pose, and he had to take some boards off his load and sleep on them- out in the paddock. He, however, fulfilled his contract in part, but the school master and his spouse refused to allow the accursed thing to come near their tenement, and now the Education Department is seeking to square this embarrassing manifestations of the apparently supernatural with its teach ings that all phenomena have a natural explanation. I may supplement this with a little story of my own. In - one of our suburbs there is a charmingly situated little villa worth at rental about 23s to 25s a week. A young married couple seeing this was to let' at 12s 6d, ob tained the key to look at it. They say tint the instant the', went inside there began a series of the most extraordinary .and confusing noises, sounds as of windows being raised and suddenly allowed to fall, in adjoining rooms of doors slamming, muttered whisperings and many other unaccountable things which they soon became too excited to attempt to exploin. They fled and that house st-ili lacks a tenant with coolness enough to sit up of nights and demonstrate how unusual circumstances can always be accounted for by the known operation of natural laws. Wine making by bacterisation is the next scientific wonder promised, aud bacteriology has advanced so far that it is now claimed that chemists can dissever the bacterium which imparts the special flavor and odor from a wine, as, for instance, French claret can bring the bacillii across the seas to Victoria, can then introduce them here into a wine of similar class, in which they will at once fecundate, and to which they will impart the taste aud bouquet of the fluid from which they were originally extracted. This is simply amazing, and throws completely into the shade the attempt to introduce the ova of the salmon to Australia. I referred last week to the death of Mr Henry Creswick, the suddenness of which I was puzzled, to account for. He was present at the displaying of the exhibits intended for the Imperial Institute a few hours before, and was chatting with his friends in his usual cheerful manner. He dined at six o'clock in the evening, mainly on roast pork. This caused indigestion. The consequent excess of flatulence dis tended the stomach bag to such an extent that it pressed upon the heart, and so effectually stopped its action. Otherwise the deceased was in excel lent health, and the amazing manner of his taking off is therefore another illustration how frail is humanity. 