THE DOOTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a .tomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abboy, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready mnough to give all lie had for one thing he hadn't sot. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : "Up '.u eight years ago I had never lost anr hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my ippetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after ating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would till with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my lingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and 'my throat would swell col couldn't button my shirt at the nack. I'vumited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose 'and the blood rushed out of my. ears. I became exhausted and short of' breath and' had to call the doctor, and was in bed five' or six' weeks. "I then went as out- patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six' months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with re. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at lant the doctors recommended me to try a change ,if air. So 1 came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommenda. tion to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I ound, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and 'also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You ire in a galloping consumuplion, and must die; .he other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better, my old master allowed ne to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and acme days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I Caught sold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear that the prilegmn would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my. eyes were blood-shot..- My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no rsal rest. Too weak to read I often 'Fat for hours looking at my hands-no. thing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me., " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said,' I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of.' One thing was a cough cure from London that coet 22s a bottle. But nothing did alny good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough' much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' "'About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, rica you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup' and told me how he had been oured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria-street. After the first doses I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and acid have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refor all doubters to hinm or to Mr. Keehley Head Gardener, Darley Abbey,who is acquainted with the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered '1 Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), crlo would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspopsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like conasumption, for which it is often ignorantly mistakun anid wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Soiuol's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, and all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magniflcent pre paration. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and command the facts of his case to all thinking people. The Aaa is the best adverthshrg medium in the distriot.t 