v A FRIENDLY SERVICE, from Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Villa Bellina, Nice, let June. 6 RACE, my dearest; dearest friend, I am half wild. To you only can I reveal my sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow has fallen on me. Listen : You know that I been SKiying ncr© iov we pj wcck with mother, the doctors having ordered her South at a day's notice. I could not find it 11 my heart to ask my husband to accom pany us, just as the London Season had commenced, and it is impossible to rejoin him before the end of the month. Yesterday the English post brought me — guess what ! Ah anonymous letter, written , in an unknown, and manifestly disguised hand, informing ine that my husband is earring on an intrigue with Mrs. St. George —that tall, stout woman with reddish hair, and a deservedly bad reputation. You must know her : one meets her everywhere. I am jealous, you well know, but I believe this person to be dangerous. Somehow, all the men admire ner, bub I think her absolutely horrible. I ani informed that she was very intimate with George before our marriage, and that now the intimacy is resumed. What to do, 1 know not, but 1 feel persuaded that you will advise me wisely and well. You are so clever. At this time all London is about, _ and one meets everyone. ; You. are certain "t<fsee him and perhaps her also. Watch, observe, and ' tell me "what" you see.— - My- dearest Grace, remember your .""friend is? tortured with cruel doubts, which, sh$ desires to dispel, that uncertainty is killing her, and that she prefers the truth at all cqst, bitter though it may be. Reply at once — watch closely. Think of me,' dearest Grace; for you, my mother, and my child are all I have in the world to love.— Yours for ever, Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. innn Ualf-\fnnn.fihwh. Pinrvidillv. 4th 7une. You are mad, my poor friend, absolutely stark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be, reasonable. You have received an anony- : tnous letter from some spiteful, jealous j woman ; for such epistles always come from women. An anonymous letter ! Whoever . Eays the slightest attention to such a thing ? ; iurn it ! Burn it ! If you only knew how1 many I received in thelifetimeof Mr. Russell — but I never took the least, heed of them. 1 Nevertheless they sometimes spoke the truth — but peace to his memory. As you- have often observed, I am happily indepen- 1 dent and still young— only 32 a few days j ago. You are by five years my junior. Follow my example— don't worry yourself away with trouble.' But, to return to your letter— well, it would give me the greatest satisfaction to destroy it, and think no more ©f it. You have a husband who loves you, of this I have no doubt. You are a happy woman to be so loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous — you have a lovely child ; in fact you possess everything a woman lould desire. But you are jealous. Do not- leceive yourself. Even admitting that there is some truth in the letter, is it not better that you should? close your eyes to it ? I can see you jump, off your chair as you read these words. My dear, I have had more experience of the world than you. Notwithstanding the fact -that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I suffered in feeling that I was deceived. It wounded my amour propre. What can we poor women do in such a case ? Hold our tongues, that is all. You complain that Mrs. St. George is dangerous, and that her repu-. tatiori is faulty. Well, so much the better, fori am persuaded that your husband is pure at heart, and if he have any stupid fancy tor this woman, it is only a passing one. . Now surely .you _see clearly there Js no fceriouS cause for anxiety! As" to myself, if is hardly necessary to assure you that there is nothing I would not do for you ; and if you insist, although it is repugnant to me to play the part of a spy, I will do what you wish. But you will not insist, I feel cer tain. — Y our old and sensible friend, Grace. " Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 8th J une. . Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with me at once ; and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I must be released from this state of uncer tainty. I must know all. I believed that I could have counted on you, as you could on me in a similar circumstance. To me it appears that true, friendship has no scruples, and never hesitates to render a service to a loved one. But perhaps I am wrong : your reply will prove this. — With fondest love, Ida. From Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 12th June. Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida. You believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. But,' since you persist, notwithstanding all I have said to dissuade you, and since you question my affection for you, I no longer . hesitate. You can count on me — I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears have any foundation. Now we understand one another. I thought of you only ; and if anything disagreeable happens, you will have no right to reproach B- Come what may, believe always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, Grace. P.S. — On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie, receives. Your husband is pretty certain to b3 there, and perhaps Iheladyateo. I knojE. ihe goes there frequently. I shall be there. ira Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, loth June. Thanks — my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon me. I was, indeed, hasty and unjust ; but I was suffering horribly. You are so good — so affectionate — I am sure you will forgive nie. What I have gone throusrh during the past few days ! Yes, you are right"; ' I _am j6£tiUllS» £ Ok el lOIl . uliUC |lucv A U"llyv CVTJ jrtyself safe from any violent sentiment J „ and then, besides, a'jeMbus:pecsoh i£ahvayf£ 1 ridiculous. At this:- moment -yatf musfi-bgr About to start for Mrs." Leslie's, as -you pro mised. Dear friend ! Now that you have consented to do what T wish, I feel almost ashamed of my request. But, be assured, whatever comes, and no matter what ' ycu may communicate to me I shall not be angry1 with you. To do so would be nothing more or less than infamous. No; we chall be faster friends t han ever. Half-past ten. Now, you must be;-. at. Mrs. Leclie's, surely ! What will you dis cover? Merciful powers, how I tremble! Thanks, again and again, my darling Grace. —Your true friend, Ida. Telegram. To .Ida- Seymour.— The person not at Leslie's last night. George alone. Spoke to him. Tried to get something from him. impenetrable. Hope nothing true. Love.— Grace. Telegram. To Grace Russell.— Thanks for message. iSontimi") your observations. Send news by telegram. More rapid. Write oniy to give particulars. Fondest love. — Ida. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— Nothing new. To- day »fc private view Water-colours. Saw her. George not there. Going away to- morrow. — Grace. t Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— At Academy. Saw Seorge, but not the person. — Grace. Telegram. To Ida Seymour.— Garden party at Rich- l mond. Saw George and the person, together. I Letter follows.— Grace. I Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. B London, 17th June. A Only two words to confirm and explain the telegram I sent you ten minutes ago. Yes, I have seen George and Mrs, St. George together. Very handsome she looked, too, notwithstanding her 40 years. Your husband did nob appear until rather late, and the moment he saw her he joined her. He remained at her side until the party broke up. I never lost sight of that bonnet ! with the yellow csi rich tips fot- a moment. I really believe there is nothing serious between t,hem. At all events, were I in your place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything bet ween two persons they do nob speak much before others. I will continue my observa tions. — A11 my love, and, believe me, ever yours, Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 20th June. Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearest Grace. 1 do not believe the meeting at Richmond was accidental. George has always objected to accompany me to garden parties— said they bored him : ineffably. Continue, your mission conrage- , onsly, and tell me» all— even though it ! should break my heart, I must know all. ' Oh, that, odious woman St. George !. How I i hate her ! And my husband — well, if my doubts avc justified, I shall hate him also, and I will never, never pardon him. — I send you fondest love. Ida. Telegram. To Ida Seymour. — Met both aft private view British Artists. Have bad news. Don't \ ;be too anxious. Nothing positive, nothing really serious, only certaiu symptoms. .Latter follows. — Grace. ' ' Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. . London, 24th Juno. " My poor darling Ida, I have just returned :from the private view of British Artists. :iThe exhibition is a remarkable one this year; and J was lost in admiration of a-to vely /study of a head, when your husband, accom panied by; the lady in question, passed in ,-Lront of me obstructing my view ;" he "looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing a yellow bonnet 1 How the woman adores yellow ! The moment your husband saw me he left her and came to speak to me. He was most grscious, and not in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of the scarcity of \- vour letters, and told me that in his next he : would toll you he had seen me. It was ? comical, and I could have laughed had I not !. thought of your present state of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter- i ested in the pictures. Two or three times, ' however, she glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, and off they went ' together. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room ; hut at ' length, fearing I might arouse suspicion, I thought it prudent to go, bub wished above all things to see their parting. There is so much in the way people greet one another Land say farewell, especially the latter. I left the place, and turned into a hall door in Suffolk -street, next to the Gallery. Right in front of me stood a brougham, which, from the somewhat untidy appear ance of the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. StI George. I had not long to wait They both came out, your husband accompanying the' lady to her carriage. Tlie footman opened the door, closed it, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, there was noth ing to find fault with. Bub whilst the foot man went behind the carriage to get to his place on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : "To-morrow night — Lyceum — Box A." At the same instant the coachman whipped up the horses and drove away. Your husband looked after it for a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of Piccadilly; and I drove to my dressmaker in Bond-street. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I assure you it grieves me intensely to tell you all this, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical moment ; you still have time to reflect. Will you stop here, or do you wish me to go to the Lyceum on Thursday ? Reply by telegram as soon as you receive this, and I will., obey. — With fond love, ever your devoted Grace. Telegram. - - To Grace Russell.— Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you. — Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 26th .June, 3 o'clock a.ra. Courage, Ida dearest ; I am obliged to do that which is cruel. I was at the Lyceum to- night, as you j wished, in the back of a box facing Box A. i I arrived as the curtain rose ; and just as the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, j Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. | She seated herself at the front, shading ' herself witli an enormous fan. He seated' himself behind her. There was no one else . in" the box. The play over they rose to go. ! I lost them in the crowd, of course ; bub I was not to be beaten, so I popped into a hansom and drove to her house, just to see if he would accompany her home. To my great relief she was alone; and I was just about to give orders to the driver to take me home, when another hansom stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and entered that fatal house. Hoping he would come out every moment, I remained on the watch until two this morning ; bub when I left lie was still there. Now, I have accomplished the mission which you entrusted to me faithfully. It has turned out badly, but I do not complain if I have given you a new proof of the deep affection I have for you. Grace. . Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 30bh June. Thanks, my dearest ; oh, thanks! You have indeed proved your friendship. I will never forgive him — a man whom I adored — whom I married in opposition to the wishes of all my relations ; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I telegraphed to him to come to Nice instantly, without saying why. When he arrives I will tell him aU (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my reproaches in his face. Whatever may be his reply, I have decided on my course. There can never again be anything in common between this man and me. If tbe law be insufficient to protect me, I know how to ceparate myself for ever from such an hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I never can be sufficiently grateful. JIAill lUv UUV UyoV) UUL> Uiuoy UUUIL WUiiJCU Weep for tnb,and love me as I love you. j , ' is f « r . '. IDA. i ; -T. Gbaot Russell to Ida Seymour. : ' \- — London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, not a line from you. I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband left suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. "Sum moned by a telegram," they said. Yours of course. How did the painful scene end? What is your decision? How are. you? Send rne o telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven's sake to relieve my mind. — With most affec tionate wishes, always your Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 18th August. My Dear Grace,— Your letter crossed one from mc— that is to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things that I really have not had time to write sooner. Thank you for your solicitude fcr me and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles have disappeared. Does this amaze you ? Strange things happen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which eften seem serious, are frequently unfounded. To adopt your pleasing expression, the "scene" between George and me took place immediately on his arrival, but it finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, that there was nothing , absolutely nothing, between him and Mrs. St. George. He cer tainly had an appointment with her at the British Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, bub at the latter place there was a third person in the box. You did nob see that. He also went to her house after the theatre, but he eld net stay as long as you imagined, ior half an hour after ' you saw him enter, he left by the door leading from the biHiard- roon out of , the back of tlve house. Why these repeated appointments, you will ask ? The reason is simple. It was a projected marriage between an acquaintance of my husband and Mrs. St. George." Some hitch concern ing settlements had occurred, and Mrs. St' George wished to have the advice of an old friend. By-the-by, she is not at all as bad as she is reported to be by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ever existed in the past between ber and George, as I stupidly believed. George was induced to act as intermediary between the lawyers, and to look to Mrs. St. George's interests, and he made an appointment with her that night at the Lyceum as she wished him to speak to a third person, and to announce to him the fact that the match was broken off. Of course this w as no fault ofhis. All this explains itself, and the terrible "scene" finished in the best possible way. George scolded nie a little for my insensate suspicions, but lias pardoned me so generously, so tenderly, that all my former contented state of mind is restored. As to the anonymous letter, he believes that it was written by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. Now permit me to speak frankly concern ing your action in this matter. You should nob have allowed me to go so. far in this ric!icu:ouS;Campaigii. You will reply that you tried to prevent nie ; I admit this, bnft did. yon do-, so with a necessary iorco of persuasion.? In short, dicl you not feel A certain pleasure— perhaps unconsciously — to see a cloud pass over our felifcily, of which you were always a little-jealous., . But I bear you no ill-feeling. You were unhappy, in ;_you"r .own marriage, -andperba)srtelt ascertain bitterness,. . ,B u.t had ypu been the trueJriqnd I believed you to; be? you would fha-ye overcome th is unworthy feeling, and; at any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part Which I, when almost out of my senses, begged of you to accept. Yes. you should have refused ; that is what a true friend would have done, and you did nob do it. It appears- to me: that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and thab in vour. love of the romantic vou desired to find them guilty. I must stop, for I might say too much if I ' continued.. Ida. Extract pom. ihe Private Journal of Grace Russell. To-day I received a most detestable arid unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. ! Behold me now at variance with her for j ever; and I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old Italian proverb, " Fra moglie e marito non nutlcre il dito. Extract from the Private Journal of Ida . Seymour. Has George told me the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain ladv? Be that as it may, I did right to believe it. Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with thab soft, rich voice of his, looking at me with those eyes I. so dearly love, all my anger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace— I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, 1 wrote her such a letter ! It was her own fault ; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to nie.— Kamfy Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I hold it to be a .truth constantly self- evident that every man will defend a woman sgainst all men bub himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly there will be a large amount of open and covert staring at her, to all of which her obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of —the r starcrs ' happens -to realise that others are at ; the same game, he will manifest plainly his disgust at such treat ment. of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offence. A husband and wife gob into a street car. The man was some what dandified in dress. The woman was under 20, and as pretty as nature and art are in the habit of combining to produce. They were chatting on the very subject that I have here introduced. " Percival, dear,'.' said she, " I will prove to you that lam right, and take only ten minutes to do it, if you'll promise not bo get angry about it." He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband sitting beside her was an eutire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. "Now," she whispered behind her fan, " observe how I am ogled when alone." Within five minutes he saw thab half-a- dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and several manifestly would nob have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then and there. Thab part of the exhibition was a triumph for the wife, bub the most curious feature of her experiment remained to be tried. " You certainly do seem to attract a good deal of admiration," said the husband, sup posing that the pretended strangeness was at an end. She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned her face away from him. He understood her now, and did nob speak to her further. Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her 'dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo site side. V Will- you exchange seats with me ?" he very, gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat uiosb deferentially. Now, he had been formesfc among the original . oglerB— the veriest simpleton of them all. : " Thank you, sit," she answered, " bub T prefer to sib beside. <my husband." ill". -itiOi- i. i._ iiius ivim wie same .-stone sne kuicq ujhl. vulture bird an $ .Ihjs, dove mate, whom she had aipdejketi «tB .> instruct '" as to the philosophy of inafe-galian try i ; yLL GONE. He ta\ked about:diviniby, and pondered on infinity, Andspoke of base humanity as animalcule, He- studied upr- astronomy, the science of autonomy, ... .And wondered if insanity was common to .1 /tire flea. He plunged into zootomy and wandered through phlebotomy, And read for weekson history from Adam down to date. He lectured on. theogony, and dwelt upon cosmogony, And sounded deep the mystery attending human fate. . He showed extreme anxiety for late and . early piety, And spoke with greab felicity of higher .states than this. He lectured quite dramatically to show how systematically The forceof electricity was centred in a kiss. But-while with such intensity he spouted on immensity, Ilis wife with sweet devexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkeyed his annuity, Ile'd found to his perplexity she' dressed away his cash. " The man I wed must.be handsome, brave and noble ; he must have no bad habits, and musb love me devotedly." " Bub, my dear, thab is impossible, you know, quiie impossible." " Why?" "There is only one such man in all the wide world, and he is going to marry me." 