the young folks.. In Hannted House. Bv EUBBSOH Bkkkett. — i j r? ' Do yon enppoee that I several of hie boon companions. ' WeU, I ten yon what I will do, Ben," repkedoneofthem. " I wiU waffer » cham pagne anp&er; for the party that von dare nm remain in the house all night." ' #-1- .,"1 ocepttto wager. ' Now, where la this house you talk so muoh about f" " 14 " on the outskirts of thB city," was toe reply, "and was once a fine residence - nol i' ?!fleot ? lonK that it ia now m a dilspldaled eondidon. It has been reu«uieu ,or n numDer of years, and is (Uiown as the hannted house. There are etrange lights in it, they aay— such as a white figure passing the windows of the Seoond storey, while the room is lighted bv a reddish giare, and then, as the figure dlaap- peara, the light does also, only to to followed by a snooeBBion of different-colored ?f„bSht- Then "U becomes quiet for several naure, when the same nerformsnn. . rihAf reP®.ated- Ttoe does not occur every night, and sometimes there are intervale of toingsem! WltboQt "Ithing unnanal "At times there ate also strange noises heard, like the rattling and clanking of cbarne, end Heaven knows what all. No nn6„78w'10 « the owner. It ia onrrently reported that a young married couple moved urto it some years ago, and that the first nivht ancy were murdered, and since then there has never been found any one who possessed the courage to oocupy it more than a few davs. or weeks at moBt. These are the currant reports of generalities, and the particulars yon will doubtless find out for yourself before you Win your bet. Now, when will yon go and face the ghoBt in his den F" . m Tf!!fy ttt,,any time—so suppose we start afternoon? Aungnt. We -will aUaooompanyyou tothe honBe, see you safely inside, and theawaitfor youatatavemnotfaroff. But bear in mind toet one of ne will be on thewatoh ell through the night : and if yon remain there until day- light the next morning, I will consider that I have lost my tot, and will then pay it Without demur, The next rinv aWmt j«.i. u. . i „ — v t »«" uiev went to 1 the haunted house, and Ben Gilbert ob. I tamed an entrance by climbing nn a Had of I shed and arbor which reached to the second I storey of the back part of the house. I ouf-8 8000 48 be Was in 41,0 room be 081164 I " Good-bye, boys; Til see you in the I morning, and, closing the window, he die- I appeared from view. I " Well, here I am." he thnn.hf .. n. | exsmined a pair of revolvers that he had I brought with him, "in what ia called a hauntaihouse. When I was a child, I used I to believe in sneh staff, but since I have to- come a men, I don't. No. there is no sueh I thing as a hannted bonne; and if the credulous neighborhood really see or hear I anything, there mnst be a cause for It and I i' 'i8!""5 1 8m bound to find ont. For the I tthing, I will examine the honse." The room he was now in wae a large bed chamber, with a mantel-piece in the centre of one of the aide walls, and a largo closet on either hand. There were two doors to the room, one leading into the entiy, and the outer iafe> an adjoining room. jiw visicea e&on; room in the house, but Without finding anything to exoite his sos- | picion. I Jter a thorough investigation, he returned to the second- storey room, intend ing to pass the remainder of the long, wear? boors before morning in that apartment. Time drew slowly along, and at last he fell asleep, and did not awake till midnight, and then he awoke with a start. Surely he had heard a loud noise i Or had he been dreaming f No there it was again — sounding as if someone had thrown several tin pans down a flight pf stairs. He immediately jnmped up, drew one of «« revolver, qmeuy walked to the door I leading -into the entiy, softly opened it, and J mosThatfeiaslciecrn de1tinnl£ii»f I he retraced his stepB and lay down again on I the floor. I He was nearly asleep for the seoond time I when he perceived a flash of light shoot I across the room, and again heard the same I clattering noise as before. I 4i There is ne mistake this time," he I mentally said, " and as there must be a cause I for it, X am now going to find out. Ah, by Jove ! there is something or somebody I moving in the other room ; and as I wish to J watch without being seen, I will just enter i uue uj. ujuse uiueew uuu uc uu uhmsii. I He bad just fairly concealed himself when I he was again startled by a sound like a dog I furiously barking, and the front room was I illuminated with a red glare. I Having been in the dark for several hours j the glare of light in the other room was | almost blinding. J " Can there be such a thing as a haunted I house ?" he asked himself. " Bah 1 I don't I believe it. But what is the cause of thisT I HeaveoB ! if I am notmistaken, I smell brim ! stone, too 1 Eh — what ! is that the moving I spirit they tell me about ? Pshaw 1 I don't I believe in spirits. It is coming this way now, I and I'll soon see if it be living or dead !" and with that he raised his revolver and was about to nre. But just as he pointed the weapon at the figure it seemed to fade out of sight, and all became dark and quiet again. Half6tupefied al this strange mystery, the young man remained silent for several | minutes, and then, just as be was abont to l come forth from hi6 place of concealment, he was again startled by a succession of flashes of different colors. | "What can it be? I must and will find I out,' ' he muttered, in a low, determined tone, I as be stepped forth and advanced to the room | where he had seen the flashes of light. He had only proceeded a few steps, when the lights again disappeared, and all again became silent and dark. He stopped and listened, and thought he heard some person moving, and then it sounded as if someone were descending the 6tairs. " If that is the ghost, it walkslike a man," he concluded, 6 4 and I am going to follow it and see for myself." He then pulled off bis boots and descended to the fir&t; floor, but saw nothing. He heard I known by the sound. j The sound led him on through the I different rooms on the first floor, then into the kitchen, and thence down into the I cellar. ' I As young Gilbert reaohed tbe head of the I stairs leading into the cellar he perceived a I light, which had the appearance of proceed- 1 ing from a dark lantern, j "I am not mistaken," he thought, " for f if there are ghosts they do not require the | aid of man to assist them in seeing, and I therefore they would not nse a lantern ; and I if not a spirit, it must be human, it must I have a purpose for its actions, and that pur pose I intend to find oat." Being in his stockinged feet and in the dork — for the light from the lantern shone on the opposite wall — he was enabled to ap proach very near the objeot without his pre sence being suspected. The figure then went up to the wall, and, after standing there a few seoonds, a large stone swung outward, as if on hinges, and | the figure disappeared through tbe aperture. I "So—so, my worthy ghost, I think I have found out your little game, or a part of it, I at all events, and I now propose to discover ; the rest of it," soliloquised Gilbert, as he entered the opening through the wall. On the other side of the wall he found a flight of steps, which descended a short dis tance, and communicated with a narrow passage way, just large enough to allow an ordinary -sized man to walk along in a stoop- ing posture. He advanced along the passage for about twenty feet, and then came to a room, which was lighted by several lamps, and in the centre of which was a man in the act of be ginning some work. He stood there and watched him for at least an hour. I l iere waB 110 mistaking his occupation— I 1 ®® a counterfeiter— and had all the tools, j I P""8"." paper neceuaiy to cany on Ma I uefanons business. Now what was the best thing to be done 1 Should he attempt to areeet himf or had he tireS"ffitodtvSXP8r44th0ri- He wisely decided that the Utter plan would be more judfoious and safer; and so ne returned to hie room and remained there tul merniag, hearing nothing more from the ghostly counterfeiter. Ab he left the house he was met by his fnmds, who anxiously inquired what he had aeon and heard. ,-5e !ialeA.aU' with the exception of the "kpvery of the counterfeiter. They wanted to know if he was not frightened, and wLofJiov. t,a i j . . the strange events. j wiA!„ pnt S?m Is 88 1,881 i>0 could, not HSn? 8ny'blnS to be made public until he have the man arrested. They had their champagne aanrvw +W mght, and he oould not well get avav from them during the day, he hito to oeUy hS following-6 P aatboritiea «ota the day XLO weni with two officers to again visit toe house, but although they sSdd examined every part of the cellar, thev were tarohVc'7ar 1110 8er6t d00r lfl8dinS «tot.dldtdi600Te,r' >n the seoond- btabtaw T b?w 1118 different colored lights were produced. na8 by.meon8 of ohamioale mixed with Et.e3 el86,"0 "a1 i" ""dring fine die- retain "?Zea£h>ht watoied for the retain of tbe ghost, or counterfeit tm( were not. successful f« -early u£? w«ks f. ne.Illgkt' as the, Were on duty as nsual L6"48 tbe7tin p proceeded to the cellar and'taconceS pelves and waited for taeir to -d hu They waited until hs h.j Wly' 80 88 to catch him fo the act and thereby make ont a stronger case against wMir q,u'elly orePt into the room he withont being seen by him, because (tit . bck to.warde 1118 oottance. him the/ 1hed "P ""< seized ST' JQ' tbe.man fooght with the despera- aof aan'ac. and it was as muoh as the two could do to overpower him. „.,7 well for GUbert that he had not undertaken to arrest the man at the time he discovered Mm, for it is more than likely that be wonld have been killed. Pe prisoner was handcuffed and taken out, and it was then discovered that he was the ooimtty?108' n0t0ri0Ua „f SKn6I\dl:y, the P"!18 find a full account the haunted honao and the arrest, giving the eredit to Gilbert, ' B 8 th?l0.uneraano''f """Prised to see the artiole than the friends who had proposed to him to the fi8""ted house. -4ffc . L!®" yoa he »aid to them, "DidI IViwa':!1.1"' ma'- flMFMyn.ot'grs; Btories are for oMldren, not men— that there 18 always a cause for everything that haDOena and if yon are not a coward, have sense enough, yon can discover what produces each supernatural and marvellous results " \- Y"d t""1 friends admitted that, whether right or wrong, thou brave and daring oom- rede_waa at least entitled to drew hi. L conciDHimis.— "Weekly Budget." 