IrE ItbV. T. BErecWOOD At THE STBATIT COlURCLH. The Rev. T. Breeo*d: the ngw psetor of the Baptist Church of this tote, conducted the orvices tbere on Bun'day ltiet.': In the morning, the rey gentlemaneohose as the eunject of hlas discourse tbeh7rbth veree of the 14th chapter of St. John's Gospel: "Peace I leave with you, my peace Igiwo anto you; not as th e world giveth, give 1 aoto you. ,Let not your hapr be troubled, neither let it be afraid." 'Tht preach'er said, like all seosible men Jsust made His will. He pre parel before His death for the proper die sribution of his goods, aud, in order that hie let testametabolt d be binting, Hehad no less than eleven witnesses chose;, and ns leoss a personage than the Holy Ghost selected as executor. It became an interesting study to observe how He had disposed of the goods. The frst thing that would be found was that Be gave His soul to Hic father (see Sc. Luke, 6 enty.third chapter); Hie next bequest was that of His body, which He gave to Jo.eph of Arimathea ; the third b quert was given to the eoldees, and that was Hr a olothing: and the tosrth gift the Saviouo made was to Joan, and that was of His fondly hoberiohed mother. The clothing was given to the soldiers-pagans aed heathens, and was not that fact a sunfeicient proof that the Bsaviour did not want He followers to worship relic. The question might arise : Why did not Jeaeus Cbrist tranesfer His mother to Peter ? Peter was in disg'ace, and, although he hal the zeal, he had not the love that John had. It was John in hta love that stood before the cross, and saw everything to its bitter end. It was John who leaned upou the Baviour's bosom, not Peter. Another question arose as to whether the apostles-the eleven men-had some corner in the will. These men left all ta follow Him, and did Hegive thom nothing? Be ()thepeaber):was thankl$ hao be atle to tell ahem that Christ gave his followers the most Sreou ponseeion e could bestow upon them. at eeesion was notlor their own p6ral nsiion, but? we to be trasferral t?? ,otherst; the world on ope aideand the ChObrobh on theb other, and thait woethespoine that wa4 brought before them in the words of the text That wate the legay that Christ left Ifit th world-His peace. He commanded thhjt herald the gospel far and wide, and told the4 that they w@rd totbe HIs messengers of peae, is.preahobers and ea~rvanis~to go and proolai that degasy to all tshe world, and tell of th true Savtour that they had found. Th legacy was for all who were aseeking paern, ansb the preasoher earnestly appealed to all to eq espt- thao invalsable gift of C?hrieL. If thabt peace of Christ was claimed, it was worth vwerythlig; it madethrpossesorof it rich i? this world, and rich inlthe world to some. Th next and most important matter was the legacso which had hbeengivan to theCheoh- '! My pesoe I give unto.'yto," was the best of all legaolimi and the most.permasenl. To put the f.i force of the propoiltion in a few words, lp .thought that the inviour meoant them to ander stand that there was a posseibility of them as a Church and people of pomsessing joy somewhat ahkin to that which filled His own heart. He had perfeot pesions in His soul, notwithataundink that He had teraible croeaes and ornelities h hear. Whata .wonderfl thing it was who they came to coamtemplate it--that Christ w wtlliog to traenafer the joy to their heartswhia He possessed, and that was His legacy to this Church. Then the question canme, dounld thef possea itl could anyone possuees it ; did thee apostles posse'a it? YTe; he believed the 4id after the Pentecost. The preapher the referred tp the work of severr4grleat evangg. liss, and said that he attribuoted their tuper. axoellenose of power to the ft tat ;thek dd poessessa inthe Jesart tbe peace of Jeaa Christ. Tbhey had ostsapt fellowship with "im, and drankeat that pitwiooe fountao, salt he appealed to all to see that there was a pose bility of posseesig that peaoe which Chris bequeathed. He wonld .oonolode by stating that, by faith, they beoame. oen with Christ; by Jolijnpas they became. likelohdrist. and b commuoion they eajoyed the love of Christ. Tbhe rev. gentleman officiated again at the evening service, when there was a very gootl congragation. 