\- BOXING NEWS. THE EXODUS TO AMERICA. Departure, of Creedon. Gviffo'3 Turn Next. Croedon's Chances in the States— Tracey'a Record — A Dane from Tipperary — Tho Championship of Queensland— The New Club— Matches Between Mlddlewelghts. Dan Creedon and Tom Tracey received a highly fluttering send-off yesterday afternoon at Cowpcr's Wharf, Woollooinooloo Bay. There was a great crowd collected on tho quay, who cheered the boxers lustily as the Alameda moved cut towards the Heads. Both pugilists have big tasks before them'. Creedon intends making a bold bid for the middle-weight championship of the world, and it is his companion's ambition to-, return to Australia tho crowned king of tho lightweights. It goes without saying that both their paths will be besot with difficulty. Of CrcsHon not so much is known iu Sydney, but in Viotoria, where he has done the built of his fighting, ha is thought a lot of both as a boxer and a man. He has never yct-been defeated, and has met sucli men as Jim Hull und Martin Costcllo. He has beaten all others in his class with the greatest case, as Dan can mostly lay claim to the ability to hit as hard as anybody in the world at his woight. Tho fault found with him here in Sydney, where there are some undeniably very able judges, is that lie fights too open, aud is liable to be knocked out by a good puncher. When questioned on this point Dan admitted to the writer that in his two fights iu Sydney ho certainly did take, chances, hut he said by way of explanation that it should be borne in inind that he knew he could beat both Jim Ryan or Mick Dunn, and only wanted to- get in closo and gut home 0110 buffet to wip. -He said he hud beaten Ryan in two. rounds in Melbourne, and thought lie could repeat the perform ance at the second meeting, und perhaps -in- quicker time. He therefore left himself open in order to draw Ryan. While ou this fight. it may-be mentioned that Ryuu, who isna hard slogger, gnt home fairly 011 to Crecaon's jaw at tho very commencement of tho opening round, the blow sending the Victorian rushor off his feet. He, however, was up instantaneously, and was not in the least affected by tho hit. Iu the small amount of fighting in which lie has engaged while in Sydney; Creedon ccrtniniy Bhowed one thing and that was that' he cau take punishment as- .well as any man. In reference to his fight with Mick Dunn he informed us that I10 had been led to believe lie 'could defeat, Dunn with one punch, and nover thought him near so good as he proved to be; Dunn landed emphatically and re peatedly on Croedon's noso with the left as he charged impetuously forward, hut Dab, in spite of the heavy fire he received, . looked quite cheerful. Everybody who doubts Creedoti's ability to cope -with Bob Fitz- sihimcus, the champion, or Jim Hall, the champion's great rival, unhesitatingly con cedes that Dan is - a marvel of gajieness, In fighting that- quality goes a loug wu towards success, but to beuome a champion more than that is required. Slavic was as gamo as a pebble, bu't.still lie could cot cope with tho .-'cuhpihft.'-vwhioh-.-l'o'ter. Jackson brought to . hear- agsiiiist him. So that before Ciecdon can .'hope, to hang the scalps of the best of the 'middle- weight boxers on h is belt he will need to increase . his stock of kuowledgc;. ' He' . has : this in his favor-.f hat lie is; not above ' learning. Also i t must be remembered i t was only four years ago, whon he emerged from his teens, ' that lie first took to fighting, and ih such a short period as has elapsed he has won such a. name for himself that mere slogging alono could lint have, won for him. Authorities in Meluourne say that within the last year he picked /up new ideas' verj rapidly.. This being so, the chances, are that 'not . being conceited and being anxious to learn he may improve at a great ' rate. If ho does im prove ho should make d formidable oppo nent for any middle-weight.; ! As for ;Hall and Fitzsinitnons lie himself (stated that he is afraid of neither,; but, like a wise 'man, he would rather - : - meet the lesser. lights first. To use his oivn. language; he " has the strength "of both Hiill'and Fitzsirnmons. When fighting Hall,"' who failed in a con tract to knock him out in five rounds, he said he hit the lathy Ju'mcs ou the ribs once and made him turn as pale as. a ghost. He infers front that that Hall does not relish punishment, and thinks that if ever he meets him he will make him quit. As for Fiizsimmons, Creedon said he has ascer tained from Sydney boxers that the cham pion does not like being thumped, and in fact, not to mince words, is a quitter, which reminds us tliut some people have ox-tra- ordinary notions about pluck und cowardice. At the cireu3 the other night a performer w.ent into a cage amoogst four lions, ono of which was very savage, and continually lifted itB mighty paw 11 1 him. He stood up to tho aggressive beast, and lashed it with a riding-whip till it cowered before him. Yet an individual, when the performance wus all over, expressed the opinion, in the hearing of the writer, that the man was afraid of the lions. There are many like him to criticise boxers adversely, and often brund a courageous fighter as a "our." Anyhow, Fitssiinmons has been described toCreedon's satisfaction as. a faint-hearted warrior, and Dan thinks that that being the case he will stand a good show of beating him. Creedon is 5ft. 8in. high, and is very sturdily built. Both Hall and Fitzsirnmons are six footers, and will have a big advantage over Creedon in this re spect. Creedon, however, .has wonderful staying powers, and- this, combined with his . hitting capabilities and bulldog perti nacity, should, in our opinion, make him a dangerous rival to both tho other Austra lians. We really think that Creedon, if he keeps steady, will make a name for himself in tho land across the streak. 