GREAT BBltAi^ ,„, THE VOCATION OF THE . CATHOLIC TEACHEB. . [A paper Tead to the second year students in residence at the Hammersmith Training College by Mr. James Cunningham, H.M. Assistant-Inspector of Schools.] 1. Catholic teachers frequently hear it Baid that their work is important and noble, and that the dignity of their calling is second only to that of the clergy. The repetition of this kind of expression without an accompanying analysis of the reason why the teacher's work is of such a high order is apt to dispose our minds to an indifference which the serioas importance of the subject will not warrant. No one loves a beautiful place which he has not himself seen; no student loves a study which he does not know something about; no Catholic teacher who has not fully considered for himself the matter of his vocation can be expected to realise the loftiness of his duty. The man of business occasionally takes stock of his goods and of his sales to note the. wellbeing of his estate; much more, then, is it necessary for us to approach from time to .time a consideration of the work which God has appointed us to do. Ours is no ordinary business, no common-place duty. The vocation of the Catholic teacher is the voice of God oalling certain men and women to ennoble themselves by means of abundant gifts of His grace, that they may be able to transfer their acquired virtues to the nurselings of His flock. As a preliminary consideration to the higher and nobler feature of our work— namely, the religious training of the Catholic child—let us for a few minutes reflect on what may be called the secular aspect of education. Even this worldly view of our duty is not undignified, for Cardinal Newman, in his " Eighth Discourse on University Teaching," says — "It is obvious that the first step pastors of the Church have to effect in the conversion of man and the renovation of his nature, is his rescue from that fearful subjection to sense which is his ordinary state. To be able to break through the meshes of that thraldom, and to disentangle and disengage its ten thousand holds upon the heart, is to bring it, I might almost say, half-way to heaven. . . . What we then need is some expedient or instrument which at least will obstruct and stave off the approach of our spiritual enemy, and which is sufficiently congenial and level with our nature to maintain as firm a hold upon us as the inducements of sensual gratification. It will be our wisdom to employ nature against itself. . . . Here, then, I think, is the important aid which intellectual cultivation furnishes to us in rescuing the victims of passion and self-will. . . It expels the excitements of sense by the introduction of those of the intellect. . . . Nor is this all. Knowledge, the dicipline by which it is gained, and the tastes which it forms, have a natural tendency to refine the mind and to give it an indisposition simply natural, yet real; nay, more than this, a disgust and abhorrence towards excesses." It may be usefnl to give here also a view of education, written by Addison, which bears out the sentiment expressed in the foregoing extract. Here are his words:—" I consider a human soul without education like marble in a quarry, which shows none of its inherent beauties until the skill of the polisher fetches out the colours, makes the surface shine, and discovers every ornamental cloud, spot, and vein that runs through the body of it. Education after the same manner, when it works upon a noble mind, draws out to view every talent, virtue, and perfection, which, without such helps, are never able to make their appearance. . . . I shall make use of the same instance to illustrate the force of education which Aristotle has brought to explain his doctrine of substantial forms, when he tells us that a statue lies hid in a block of marble, and that the art of statuary only clears away the superfluous matter and removes the rubbish. The figure is in the stone, and the sculptor only finds it. What the sculptor is to the block of marble, education is to a human soul. The philosopher, the saint, or the hero— the wise, the good, or the great man— very often lies hid and concealed in a lebian, which a proper education might Eave disinterred, and have brought to light. I am, therefore, much delighted with reading the accounts of savage nations, and with contemplating those virtues whidh are wild and uncultivated; to see courage exerting itself in fierceness, resolution in obstinacy, wisdom in cunning, patience in dullness and despair." Surely the beautiful word-pictures just referred to deserve our earnest consideration ; they are indeed descriptions that dignify even the secular education which called upon to give to the children lander our care. But this part of our work, essential and beautiful though it may be, occupies, after all, only a subsidiary position compared with the higher and nobler task we are called upon to perform. It is, as it were, the Itft- hand work of the sculptor; his right hand must find even better employment. Let us, then, look at the true aspect of education, namely, the religious training of the young. A thorough contemplation of this, our most important duty, is by no means an easy task. We must, however, face the seriousness of the question. The real duty of Catholic teachers is to assist in the work of the salvation of souls. Have we fully realised what this means P To have done so were to have half completed our life's work, so well would our task have been begun. Let Fr. Faber tell us what is meant by the " Saving of a Soul." His pious words will give us an insight into the work that lies before us. His words are:— " Let us see what goes to the saving of a soul, and what is involved in its being saved. In the first place it was necessary that God should become man, in order that that soul should be saved, according to the dispensation' of God. It was absolutely necessary that Jesus should be born, teach, act, pray, merit, satisfy, suffer, bleed, die, for the saving of that single 80UL It was necessary tbat there should be a Catholic Church, Faith, Sacraments, Saints, the Pope, and the Sacrifice of the Mass for that one soul. It was necessary that there should be a Supernatural gift, a marvellous participation of the Divine Nature, called Sanctifying Grace, and that on this should be accumulated loring acts and impulses of the Divine will in the shape of manifold actual graces, preventing, accompanying, following, and efficacious, else that soul cannot be saved. . . • Then there must be a Guardian Angel appointed over it; all through its life Jesus must be occupied about it; Mary must have a great deal to do with it; all the Angels and Saints must pray and interest themselves about it." . . Is it possible that we are associated in the glorious work just described? It must be so for does not our duty call upon us to lead the young into the ways of salvation, to plant in the youthful heart good seed that will readily ripen in the warm glow of God's grace. Is it not our duty also to pilot the little child safely from the rough seas of the world into tho safe harbour of Penance ? And when the seas have become calmer and the tender children have learnt to repose confidence and love in us, is it not our duty to continue their journey to the sun-lit shores of Divine Love where their King waits to refresh them in the banquet of Holy Communion, and to show them under our direction the garden of the Holy Ghost richly furnished with flowers and precious fruits ? Yes, the Catholic lay teacher is engaged in the work of catechising; and some reflections on this feature of a teacher's work cannot be out of place in a paper of this kind. Let the great French Bishop (Depanloup), who has secured the greatest success in the work of religion in Franoe, tell us what is meant by catechising : " It is," he says, "the religious education of the man duriDg the years of his childhood and youth. Its chief aim should be to awaken the consciences of the children; to develop in them, together with a sense of duty, a Christian instinct; to win an entrance in their souls and lives for the great thought of God, the fear of offending him, the desire of pleasing and serving Him, of loving and being loved by him ; to show them good and evil from a supernatural point of view; to raise them to those ideas and motives of the Christian life to which they are strangers, and to form in them the first religious habits in the intelligence, the conscience, and the life." In a Pastoral on " Christian Education," our late good Cardinal spoke thus:— "In the Catholic Church the school teachers are Catechists, united to the pastor of the flock, and partaking of the pastoral care, not only in the teaching, but in the training of his school. ., . . this training ought not to be relegated to the Sunday school or the home, especially where there is no home worthy of the name, but should have its place daily, and hourly even, in the school. It cannot be taught by memory lessons merely, but by every word and action of the teacher. It may not be taken in doses once a week, nor even once a day; but, like the salt that seasons our food, it must be in the food at every meal. It must be in history, geography, reading lessons; in the manners and examples of the teachers—in his or her very eyes. The young plant requires constant attention, otherwise it becomes dwarfed and sickly. So Id education." The work of Catechising (as the foregoing extracts show) is a work of the' highest importance. The same good Bishop' (who was also a distinguished preacher) whose words we read a few minutes ago, used to recommend the ."work of Catechising most strongly to the young priests. " No preaching," he declared, "however eloquent, no ministry, however consoling, equals this one; the good thus done, both to one'B self and to otherB, is so very great that no other work of zeal is to be compared to it." 