ELECTION SKETCHES. 1 BY Quivis. , AN ORDERLY MEETING. In one of a former series of these sketches I alluded to the freehold in a right-of-way in North Carlton which entitled me to a vote in that district. If my memory is not faith- less, I described the tenement on a fruitful source of sorrow through the peculiarities of my tenants. Other people's tenants pay their rent, and do not depart surreptitiously, not draw scandalous carica- tures of their landlord on the walls, nor use the fencing for firewood. Bat oil these things mine did with a consistent monotony that was maddening. During the land boom I refused an offer of £500 for the place, and though I have repeated in sackcloth and ashes ever since, that doesn't mend matters much. It has been without a tenant for over a year now, for when the last pane of glass was smashed and the last window-cord dragged out, I boarded up the empty spaces and abandoned it to its fate. Fortunately, it has acquired the reputation of being haunted, and this preserves it from further spoliation. Sometimes on Sundays, or when I have a half-holiday, I turn the key in the rusty lock, and realise the luxury of utter isolation by shutting myself up in the empty chambers for on hour or two. I have never during my meditations in the ruin met any other visitor, earthly or otherwise ; but while I have meditated, not the house, but I myself have become haunted. " Haunted ? Aye, In a social way, by a body of ghost, in dread array, Ghosts of ghosts that have gone their way Which I wouldn't revive for a single day for all the wealth of Plums." The vote which the luckless tenement con- fers has hitherto been as useless a possession as the house itself. I have never yet been able to utilise it to secure the return of a friend or to vindicate a political principle that was precious to me. The men who have represented North Carlton are alien to me in feelings and hopes, and among the electors I feel as much a pariah us my house looks among the trim cottages that surround it. Sometimes I have been buoyed up with the hope of a liberal of the Bright or Cobden type appearing at each successive election, but it invariably proved vain and delusive. If I could accept the situation and avoid Carlton and its meetings during election time it would be well, but I make myself miserable by haunting the place and sampling the candidates to see if happily I may find a man after my own heart. It was in fulfilment of my mournful mission that I found myself the other night occupying a front seat in the Carlton-hall. The candidate was described in his bills as a liberal, but I was told that his was the old liberalism - that which was Gladstone's before John Morley and the Home Rule captured him. The hall was filled from the door to the platform ; nay, men stood in the passage right out to the street, and boys clambered up the iron bars outside the windows, and glared at us with flushed faces and boo-hooed to the bitter end. On the platform was much that Carlton boasts of, substance and respectability, and in the body of the hall there were scores of small shopkeepers, who cheered the candidate lustily and loyally. But the Trades- hall is in Lygon-street, and it was not surprising therefore to note that the place was packed with working men, and that they were as a rule hostile to the speaker from start to finish. The chairman is fluent and florid, and after he has addressed the meeting for nearly half an hour he concludes thus :-" As it has been well said by an English authority, 'it matters after all very little what your form of government is so long as you have honest, honourable, fair, just men to administer it.' [sounds as of a form collapsing in the passage and of heavy bodies falling.] I say -(' Oh, cut it short,' and Give the candidate a chance. '). Well, I will not detain you any longer-('Hear,hear,'and ' Sit down but I hope you will now give the candidate that fair hearing which can always be expected in Carlton. (Cheers.) Ah I thought that would fetch you. (Laughter.)" The candidate very properly says of himself, " I am not a speaker. It has not been my forte. I have been a worker all my life. (Cheers.) If I had the power of speech of the chairman I would electrify you all." Some bad speakers are amusing, for they lose their tempers when interrupted, and, as the phrase is, give themselves away to their tormentors, But the candidate, though bad enough as a speaker, was too sensible and good-tempered to be funny, and the meeting resented this as a personal wrong and injury. Doggedly and imperturbably he ticked off the heads of the speech noted down to the paper which he held in his left hand, but his progress was that of a heavily laden ship in a cross sea. This may be taken us a sample :-" I have been amongst you for nearly 38 years [at Brunswick]. That is a recommendation, perhaps, because I'll be out of the way sooner to make room for a better man. (Hear, hear.) At present we are suffering from a very great depression. (' Oh, no ;' and laughter. ) .... I wish to impress upon you the necessity of every individual doing his level best to do something to give employment to the people at the present time, and, therefore, I think the Corporation of Melbourne-'' What about the boilers!') What rollers. If that young men will come up here, or after I am done, I'll give him quite enough about boilers, (' You voted in the council to send home for them,' and howls.) I say the City Council in providing work for the unemployed is doing remarkably well. This isn't politics ; come to Parliament,' and confusion The Chairman. He doesn't speak in the eloquent way that some of you young men could do, but let him speak in his own way. (Boo-hoo, and confusion.) The candidate has ticked off the depression and its causes, has given his views on the fresh taxation that would be necessary, and has through interruptions numberless and a din that hardly ceased for a moment come at lost within sight of port. As the end of his deliverance and the manner in which it was received were characteristic of the proceedings as a whole, the following notes may be of interest : " The question of the dual vote has been placed by the Premier in the background, and quite right. (' No, no,' and boo- hoos.) At the present time we cannot have any party politics. The House will have to work together, and put this colony in a proper position. (' You won't be there.") I say that a man that has lived amongst us and reared up a family is worth a little more consideration than a mere bird of passage. (Boo-hoo, and Nothing of the I kiss].') The man that has a family, I say, and brings it up respectable, is surely worth a little more consideration than the man with a carpet-bag. (Confusion.)" The Chairman I was a boy myself, and I can make allowance for you young men. But this is going too far. It is very easy to stand in a crowd and interrupt a candidate with impunity. But I never saw the lad who would do that willing to strip in the ring in a | manly way. (Cheers and laughter.) The Candidate At the present time every- body has a vote, and I say I'm opposed to a man voting in 20 places. I would confine it to two votes. Give a man a vote for the place he lives in, and a vote for his property in any other constituency. (Cheers, and a " One man one vote, or nothing.") I would ask you not to go in for any man because he says yes to everything you say, and not reject a man because perhaps you don't agree with him in everything. (Ironical I laughter.) I do not promise you that. I've a mind of my own. I cannot go as a delegate. I tell you what I think should be done. (Confusion, lasting for a minute or two.) I I regret the hull is not large enough. I can see that is partly the cause of the, disturbance, for some of the young men at the back I can't hear, and they won't let those nearer hear. ("Boo-hoo.") I am not in the best of form myself to-night, as I am suffering from a very bad cold. From what I know of the young men of the colony they can always be reached if you talk common sense to them. You have only to go to a great race meeting in the old country, and then go to Flemington on Cup Day, to see how superior the young men of this colony are. ("You can't soft-soap us, old man," and laughter.) I am speaking to the young men, and I am the father of some young men, and I think I have a right to speak to them. ("Boo-hoo.") I am prepared to answer anything. I must thank you kindly for the kind and courteous hearing you have given me. I am glad to see such an orderly meeting. (Cheers and laughter.) I am perfectly satisfied, and feel very thankful indeed. (Con- fusion.) The questions put to the candidate were those that will be asked with "damnable iteration " at every meeting till the campaign is closed, besides some others which were the happy inspiration of the moment. Among the latter class was this, propounded by a small man near a window, " Will the candidate take some steps to protect the citizens from the nuisance caused by church bells, steam whistles, and gongs? But the church bells is the worst." ("Hear, hear," and "Shut up." One gentleman wished to get up a discussion on the following theorem : "What is your opinion on the financial policy of the present Government, and upon what grounds do you hold it ?" A hoarse elector yearned for a statement concerning " the unearned increment," and there was an anxious inquirer for information about a public Government labour bureau." The fiend who put the usual question concerning cutting down the Governor's salary was put down by this sally from the chairman :-" Ah ! the Governor's salary! I'm afraid that young man has never dined with the Governor. I never met him there." ("Boo-hoo," and laughter.) Even a Carlton meeting gets tired of asking questions, however, and the process was brought to a climax and an end by the incoherent man, who mounted a form and, waving his arms wildly, mumbled out such disjointed and mystic phrases as "Sal- vation Army ... I tell you . . . nothing of the kind . . . imposing on the working man." After being pulled down and set up again, and bobbing on the sea of red faces like a cork on the water for a space, he at last condensed his meaning into articulate words, and formulated this moderate request -" What I mean to say is, can you give me a job when I ask you 1" (Yells of laughter.) The Candidate had called the meeting ' orderly," and the gentlemen who moved and seconded the motion affirming that he was " a fit and proper person " vied with him in bearing testimony to the same effect. But the "orderly" meeting received the compliments with sarcastic boo-hoos, and broke up with the proud consciousness that it had maintained the prestige of the Trades-hall by being as "cussed" and contumacious and disorderly as it was possible for a meeting to be. The principal offenders had been the young men-the rising generation, in which the hopes of every community are supposed to be centred. The poet credits youth with being a spring-time " --. of wonder and hope, Present promise and wealth of the future Beyond the eyes' scope." And I go home feeling that if these young men are representatives of the newer radicalism, its future is indeed assured and its fitness to rule proclaimed. This reflection comforts nice, but the aching void remains the sense that I have still to find the man after my own heart-throb liberal of the school of Cobden and Bright, and of the Gladstone of the presence Rule eru. 