The Old Hermits. Many persons feel that they can draw nearer to God in solitude than they can in society. It is bad to be always alone, but it is perhaps worse never to be alone. Those who wish to live simply in the present, and not to trouble themselves with the past or with the future, like to mix with many companions. The more company the greater noisi- ness, the more such persons are pleased. Tbey do not want to hear the voices, which would speak to them if they were alone. They try to drown such such voices with mirth and laughter. They are afraid to face God. Very different from this was the practice of the old hermits. They knew the great truth of solitary communion with God, and it is possible that they went to the other extreme. The wilderness and the solitary place seemed to them the best abode. Fearful of being stained and polluted by the im- purities of cities, they preferred to face the enmity of the elements, the perils of nature's wild solitudes. Not only bo, but in flying to such places they thought they were going into the haunts of fiends and evil spirits; but they did not shrink. The enthusiasm of these early saints led them to choose the most desolate and dismal spots for their cells-spots where all the powerrs of nature were leagued against them, aided, as they thought, by the stronger powers of darkness. They did not fear anything in the way of hardship and penance ; dreary mountains and miry fens had no terrors for them, and they sought out places where never man ? had lived before. Kain and tempest ; hail, enow, and thunder, hunger, thirst, nakedness, were not the only foes which they imagined to await them. Imagination and superstition pictured many other enemies ; and it needed more courage to be willing to meet these fancied assailants than to front enemies of flesh and blood. As a specimen of these old-time hermits, let us look at the story of St. Guthlac, who founded I Crowland, or Croyland, Abbey. In early days the Lincolnshire fens were in a very sad condition. They had not been drained at all, and were really quite unfit for habitation or pasture. Black ditches, bogs, and miry water extended everywhere. Of coarse, in the eyes of the people, such a place must be the home of demons and evil spirits. These fens were supposed to be inhabited by numberless devils, imps, elves, dragons, creatures with fiery faces, cloven hoofs, long claws, and twisted tails. The island of Crowland, in the midst of the fen, was a special abode of these evil beings ; so much so, that no one could live on it. The fiendB took pleasure in scaring people, which in those days was very easy to do. People were brave enough in battle ; they killed one another willingly enough ; they did not fear death ; but they feared whatever they thought belonged to the unseen world. At lost a religious man named Guthlacus, knowing the evil character of Crowland, resolved to go and live there as a hermit. He waB warned by his friends-people told him that he would never return alive-that he would be torn to pieces; but he kept to his purpose. He went to Crowland and built himself a mud cottage. Things proved to be quite as bad as he had expected. According to the old story he must have had a terrible time. Long and bitter was the conflict which the saintly man held with those who were in possession ; but j inthoend hispiety conquered. He was not qui te torn in pieces. One night the fiends came upon him in a body, snatched him out of his cell, tossed him in the air, dipped him in the filthy bogs, and used him as badly as they could. Very likely something prevented them from killing him outright, or no doubt they would have done so. They knew that he wanted to drive them away from the place ยก and it was a struggle as to which should conquer. The saint fought with the weapons of his religion-with prayer, with faith, hope, purity, and with spiritual songs. Su3h weapons were sure to prevail in the end. The fiends were finally overcome and they disappeared from the island. We are told that they have never returned since. There is no need to laugh at these old stories, strange and fanciful as they may seem ; very often there is a good dea of truth in them. We know that every person on this earth has to face enemies very similar to those that attacked St. Guthlac, and we know that the enemies are not always overcome. The story of St. Botolph is very like that of Guthlac. The old Lincolnshire town of Boston with its beautiful church, and which has given its name to one of the finost cities of the New World, is called after this St. Botolph. It used to be Botolph's Town. Botolph had also built a hermi- tage in the fens, and met with the same difficulties. The part where he lived is said to have been full of devils and ghosts, and was very far from any human dwelling, Naturally enough, the fiends did not approve of the intrusion of this holy man, and did their beat to make things unpleasant for him. But he bravely resisted all their efforts ; and instead of their driving him away, he resolved to drive them. They did not like this at all. " A long time," they said,;" have we possessed this spot, and we had hoped to dwell here for ever. What seekest thou to gain by dislodging us ?" But the saint would listen to none of their appeals ; and they could not resist the power of his uplifted cross. They were driven away, never to return. Such were some of these old hermits, who carried their religion into solitary places of the earth. Without doubt they did good in their day. They were missionaries of those early times. People went forth to seek them for spiritual advice, or for medicine; their familiarity with nature making them skilful physicians. We often read of them in old romances. The task they took was no easy one. They cried aloud in the wilderness, " Prepare ye the way of the Lord." 