CHAPTER XX. THE GREEN FLY. The sun was sinking glorious and golden in the west as I burst away under the trees, without hat or coat, through the rank grass and the changing bracken. The soft September haze was already beginning to rise from the ground, but not enough to obscure anything. A ten minutes' race brought me panting to the churchyard gate, where I was promptly encoun- tered by the constable lying in wait. " A message," I said, breathlessly, " from Mr. Bygrove. Pass the word at once and make straight for the house." The constable looked at me and blew his whistle. On the instant there came a shrill reply, and in a second or two there appeared running a leggy young man, whom I readily recognised as the "Joe" who had carried my luggage from the station. He stared and considered my disreputable condition with open mouth. I saw recognition in his eye. " Eh !" he said, " Doan't you look bad. Be it Sir Rafe, or ghosts, or what ?" " Scurry along, Joe," said the constable, cutting short his inquiries. " You know what to do." And Joe scurried along with a fleetness I should not have thought his loose legs capable of,—out of the churchyard and away into the highroad. " You're sending the word round, I suppose," I said to the constable. " Yes, sir," said he. " Joe'll get to the next man in five minutes, and then after that we're close enough to hear a whistle passed round. In fifteen or twenty minutes we'll all be up at the house. Are you going on, sir ?" he asked, tightening his belt preparatory to starting off at a run. " Presently, constable," I said. " I've had a knock, and I find I must rest a little first." " Well, you must mind the damps, sir, that do rise about now." With that advice he went off, and I sank down to rest where I stood, in a well-shaded nook. My nerves and muscles, young and strong though I was, were overwrought to utter weariness, that I could with the extremest contentment have gone to sleep. But my brain was acutely awake. Casually, as between sleep and wake, I saw a couple of work- men , come forth from the church, crowbar and pickaxe in hand. They threw their tools into a little penthouse against the tower, pulled on their coats, and took their way home by the further end of the churchyard. As they approached the yew tree I saw them stop and burst into yells of stiff laughter. Then they made a flout with their hands at something, and drew back with fresh shouts. " Surely, it must be Cloots !" I thought, and rose and ran along. Sure enough it was Cloots, crouched on the top of that tomb I have spoken of, and with his ears flattened, his horns of hair stiff, and his teeth and fangs displayed, looking the most terrible picture of fiendish and wild-cat ferocity that can be con- ceived. He growled and spat at the man, and had one strong forearm outstretched with claws ready to strike and tear if he were touched. " You'd better let him alone," I said. " He's a terrible beast." " We know 'un, maister," said they ; "he be one o' Sir Rafe's fancies, and pretty hugly at that." And they went away. Then I approached and talked soothingly to him, but at first he resented my overtures and made as if he would strike when I put out my hand towards him. At length, however, he let me sit down by him and stroke his head. And as I sat and caressed him, myself somewhat soothed by contact with the grateful, familiar creature, I looked around at the shadows and mists beginning to creep over field and woodland. It had been again a hazy, sultry day, and the quiet and coolness were pleasant. I had rested thus for some seconds when I observed Cloots, sniffing delicately, as a cat does, at the edge of the tomb-lid on which I sat. I wondered why he should continue sniffing at that particular spot, when I had my attention keenly aroused by seeing a green fly creep into sight there and take wing, while Cloots vainly struck at it with his paw. Even with my scanty knowledge of en- tomology, I identified the insect at once as a carrion fly! What was the meaning of its appearance there? Had it only been making a casual excursion along the edge ? or had it come out of the tomb ? Still Cloots sniffed, and still I watched and wondered—till another green fly ap- peared in similar fashion. Then I stooped to the ground and examined the edge (which, I should say, stood out an inch or two from the wall of the tomb). The mortar, which should have sealed it up all round, was either broken or detached from the top slab, and at the point where Cloots sniffed and the flies appeared the mortar was crushed and the stone chipped, as by the insertion of a crowbar, so that there was a small hole. I applied my nose, but the stench at once made me recoil. It was strange. A properly coffined body should not smell like that, nor should a properly entombed coffin be be merely covered over with an uncemented slab ! A dreadful suspicion invaded my head with a rush, so that the blood sang in my ears. Suppose the last body put in there was uncoffined ? To suspect was to be resolved. I ran to the foot of I the tower where I had seen the workmen cast their tools, and seizing a crowbar ran back to the tomb. I prised its point in at the spot where Cloots had sniffed and the flies had emerged. The slab moved at once. I found a stone with which I propped the slab open. Then I returned to the workmen's tool place and found a block of wood. With my hands I had raised the slab about a foot, when it slipped from my grasp and slid over on the other side, leaving the interior of the tomb exposed, One glance was enough. I saw disordered clothes, an awful face, and a white beard, and I fled ! I knew who it must be. Cloots had jumped up, and as I turned to flee he sat down at the head, and uttered such a wild "waul !" as almost froze my blood. I ran straight for the house as for life, and the shadows and the mists gathered fast behind me, making me shudder and fear I knew not what. On and on I flew, scarce knowing my way in the gathering dusk, stumbling and recovering, falling and getting on my feet again, rustling through grass and tearing through bracken, till the Grim- ston mansion rose before me. When it did I paused in horror ; I saw a ruddy glare glow in more than one window, which I took for the reflection of sunset, till a great tongue of flame shot forth. (To be continued.) 