CHAPTER II. There are few scenes in .New Zealand mote grandly ruzged than the Olian Valley, Taranaki, the soot where the volunteers liad formed the bivouac, on the 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time, night; with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven, as on the night of the advent of the Master, usarly uineteeu hundred years ago. The camp was composed of six hun dred, rank and file, of the Auckland j ltilles, together with one troop of Caver- | sham's Hojse. The latter had pitched ] their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the Commissariat stores had been piled and ^covered ov.er by a large tar paulin. Of the sixty- men of the troup ten;had been told off as.a guard, under the charge of Serjeant Exley. Tbe supply of .grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at s time to keep watcliand ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flanking the stores,-a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night with 110 eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken pos session of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said: " Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this inorniDg. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bnrtopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and « ill punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severit y, mind that; and above all remem ber that any mail found tipsy while on duty will most assuredly go to the tri angles. You understand.'' They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only nith the lash, and they glanced towards the rum-puncheons-and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concern him self about theii welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One a short, broad shouldered,-jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of ocean than Urra finna, if one mignt judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and, while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a majrnificient water spmiclat his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about four teen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered to the nom de phunc of " Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a camp-fag and general knock about amongst the troopers. He could spsak Eugiish pretty well-so far as lying went-and was withal one of the most michievous young vagabonds in Maori land. As the night waxed apace there arose a keen sast wind, which made the air biting cold, and set the white tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round (lie fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained sen ted by it,-Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed be tween these twain, yet no two men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and re fined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came these opposites to be friends ? Simply through one Little set of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold-" Te Ranga"-Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench from a severe gash in his side received duriug the attack. The volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his lite Charlis Stanton walked coolly out to the trench and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect liailslorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallanl, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with, the do" between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for No. 4 of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hur riedly, wishes Cable "good-niglit," aud ' answers "here." It is his turn for sentry, ! and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. [ Silence now reigns throughout the j camp, save for the wild screech of the pelew out yonder by the lake. Sanfly, crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of thccover ing and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley i3 standing with a pannikin iu his hand, t«lking to the sentry iu a low, earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold uioiit. We are not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, a.id can prevent my taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." *£ Perhaps not," answered Charlie . Stanton, carelessly. " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture vou gave us respecting general orders and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. O.ie side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all tbe fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Bed tape aud bunkum, bunkum and red tape to the end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, com-; rade, who have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here r^ady at our hands?" " Bravo, Exley! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat, except the quarter master, but. I repeat, you are my superior officer, aud-there are the casks." "Good. This fellow heie seems a little apoplectic, we will bleed him." " With all my heart; but how will you do it, through his bunghole?" cried Charlie, laughing. " iio ; only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimblet. Now, keep watch while I spile thisfellow's frontispiece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puueheon. Had the good-natured, inconstant dupe seen that look, he would have thought twice before hob-nobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it.. Crawling from his lair as silently as a serpent, Sandy beheld Exley holding the pannikin over a thin stream issuing from i one of the casks. How the liquor hissed | and gurgled as it spouted into the pot! I When the pot was full, Charlie held his 1 thumb to the hole uutil the sergeant j plugged it up again. '4 Now, comrade, take a nip," "After yott," said Charlie,modest ly. . V .... ; " The girls we left behind;u?,":and the sergeant put the liquor to Lis lips, but he did not drink any. * "I'll give that pledge with all iny heart," responded Charlie. ? in proof of which lie almost emptied tlie pannikin at a draught.. It took away " his breath icr the nonce, but that was nothing, for the night was cold. " What do you say ; shall we refill the goblet, Stanton ?'" "By all means, Exley,'' -and the pot was replenished. "I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. " Gome, Clem, take a sip and pass the decanter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more filled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty de grees over proof, and soon began to tell on the trooper. " We must be cautious, comrade, aud not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Ciiarlie became rather noisy. " It is now pa3t midnight, and I don't ex pect the visiting officer before four o'clock." "Oil, bother the visiting officer; pass the nappy, Clem." " I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie ?" " Not at all. I am content to remain hers till daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The sergeant watched him with glisten ing eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said. '* 1! nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One a.ni. by the sergeant's watch, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moral ising to the empty air, like one of Con greve's heroes. He will have another sip of the liquor, and he has his way, for he is beyond reason now, The rum has mastered him completely; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of human ity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talldng-ye Gods !-rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves him alone in his glory. Tlie officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as coirect. " How many sentries have you, Ser geant Exley V' " Only one, captain !" " 1 will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard, and the non commissioned officer in charge, to accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted the cap tain over to the stores, but of course there was no one to challenge their approach. " Halt!'' cried the officer. How's this ! Where is your man, sergeant ?" lie asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark inert form of I the tipsy sentinel streiclied upon* the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent, and they ti ied to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man got drunk on his post. The leaking cask, the gim let. and the pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale. "This is a very unfortunate matter," cried the sergeant, with well feigned re gret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir?" " Done! why, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of course," responded the captain. "Carry the poor devil to the guard tent, and put another man in his place. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night." Morning came with iis rosy blush, tinging the hill tops, and kissing the sleeping encampment into renewed life. It found S.-rgeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent, where his unfor tunate victim 1-jy, slumbering oil the fumes of intoxication. Is this but the prelude to her dream?'' he muttered. " Gad, it would seem to. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley be low. Yonder, the Ohan lake gleaming in the early sun like a burnished shield. What more 1 Shall the curtain rise to day upon the first act of the dream ? the formed square, aud the man tied to the triangles ? We shall see. Charles Stanton, it would have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When tliou wakesr, thou wilt see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's sleep. He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of San fly was heard calling for Snap, tlie re triever, who ran, frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. 