/if h u n d r e d /©ol* r \- v -Ghost./ / f * i N b^o-jb tu« construction of tbe 'trarney from'Sant4F> to Mau- ^^Xle o\ r tiie p^'es / t h e Sl f r ; was made in ^uces-ii'-st A a> v, the lumber^™ 1 "? 1 ? 8 , that v .Jf^Tj somi^r loac 4 tourists from t , Uo - i?iv n&'fnuumr^ b f sP'ings "f I » CiiUoi diliacnp5s/? r f 110t tempered tn '•rilodt- - riitJiebrtipo-tuc unaccustomed ifc® "or fw^a,^' rattling in one for -jit Ihiuj-s. pujhe afternoon of a stormy ^aim -Jai •/K^ewhere back- in the *»•£ - * ^nfercati .mail had landed its Juw •••J-JSC Afters -and traders at ftfc,'-. ^CiiVt and toward evening one » J'lS ijSjo/aijd iusty conveyances |-^yrove\rumbleil out of the m-v Jj/t&ie; P*l»Lde; Qortez, loaded JfrTtii fsseogers^iria post packefa-fot J&r.; •- a IfcVvjlt was a stormy sundown, (ftlrf: C:9ise < oWhu round globetliere is not Jtwc-ro overestimated stretch of water 4 jjgujt ion Ji-<j1^Sambean < r^arwHxiii Sea, oca, nor a greater f Hn3nM..1> l diqn thsm fll«t that universally entertained persons who have bad no dealings with isF?*- ^ is always smooth sailing there. JpfcitjaBiyof biscay and ISrilish Channel i&riUu-d;, and the wildest gale in their JS a summer hreeit compared with jf-jifwCarribean tornado.^-.Such ao -elemental \- jii^.'uisivaB rising "outside Santiago liar- s&r; i;. -."Ijn.-ii- oa this evening, and our diligence, .rt^yeased and tassel-hatted driver •S^cnanunj: to his team of mules, its dozen t: made passengers packed like sardines in a i. Uti. and its majoral (conductor) swinging > precariously, wit'i dangled legs, in "the • athcrn luggage coyer, was followed up -tue steep and pebbly streets of Santiago r-vid Ur along the "dciiles of the Sierra Ma- -;roliy the tliimderiitg swell of the Cam uean s-ea. 11 overpowered tbe cease- tiiack of the driver's whip and the 1-ilisio of multifarious mule *l>ells ; it o. on-ned the conversational attempts, and 'J-au;;ed with white dust the twelve wrciahed ~ insides" : and it even closed the loquacious mouth of the majorat hima personage who. like our old postconjductors, was always stuck full of anecdotes |aud ready to empty a pleasant glass with pjljuyoiie. f J |«t i,ittle ,J -' little ' <liligeuce wound * up, am! deeper an d deeper into the " ftll<! "'ountaiu, the hurricane howls fjgrew feebler, deadened l)v he.tting against after wall of limestone ; the roar subsided slowly into iitful wails, and at last Trail these expired. Tbe storm, succeeded . —calm so profouml as to lje uncanny, geiighebt point of the pass was nearly •""aed, and the driver had ceased to ^ v.iiip, for the way wound along p^jedpe of cliastns where there was "y foothold for the mules. Out of jeeps issued fjom time to time the jest and most unearthly of sounds: cross caught the light on its naked JJgiis the coach lumbered by, and the anria who was following on foot, as was ^eej) and stony places, Wimself pioubly. " An Amcriawo J 'he chasm here," he explained er whose curiosity was excited. . ghost ~ haunts the spot, of iwr vr .^^jomed a flippant fellowfSuulrydiaii-of the deceased.. . "Every ^^j^casts a shadow, seuor," was the reply, .^usually laconic for a uiajoral. Oat of episodic fragment of talk grew an ^fY animated conversation, with a sensational ' «nd to It. Nov,- that the vriml had ceased 3f;. to howl, and dust to fly down open throats, \- ihe tongues of the twelve passengers began -:. to wag, and by the-time the dangerous point in the pass—also the highest 'point —was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mules, the insides, with their conductor precariously poised on the footboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens and ghostlv tokens and amtee of the mountains. Tlie inky hue of the cluuds orei head, and the Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadful celerity, predisposed the mind to dwell on linages of mystery and terror. Martias, the niajoral, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cuban, wittily superstitious aud solemnly conceited, had a weli- pudded storv of rue or wonder for every turn of the road. " At that angle we have just rounded," said he, " was found seven years ago at the season of the Aimnnd,;/<i an abandoned caUso. (postehaise), empty and blood-stained. None of the vaiias (inns) of Santiago owned it; none knew how it came there. But the diligence making its next biweekly of the Santa Felisa Pass journey, waa met by two spectres—a man and a woman—each with a bleeding wound slit on the left breast. They rose out of the gorge—there where the mules plunged —the brutes remember it to this day, my seuors—and the male afrite thrast a knife into the breast of the female, then into his own breast, after which both vanished down the gorga again, and all was dark as helore. Then we knew there had been murder and suicide—thus much, but no ' ttoiii For though diligent search was luade at the foot of the precipice, it was unavailing. The spectres returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's sen in all Cuba knew whence Ihev came or who they were. , Thus things went oil till next Aimunaata \- "leu came the Padre ATnez out of the . Jesuit college at Havana, with four collegians, to make a sojourn in these mountains. Wliat knowledge the lads should gather here—God and the learned padre alone wot. 1 plied with questions mine hostess of the venta where they lodged, but she laughed, and bade me mind the mules, aud she", would mind the geese. Well, the strange conceitwhatever it was—that brought them up here bore fruit they looked for as little as we. Up ampng the peaks of these mountains, and nowhere else in all the Antilles, there live «ee !-senons,'that mky spot overhead—Jesus '-that ciy— only a woman in anguish, aiuia devil-bird can shriek like that! Damned souls are prisoned in their vulture bodies" (devil birds, like owls, only fly abroad at night), " hut only in the houi-s of darkness may they give utterance to their woe. The devil-birds live and breed among the high crags of the Sierra Jiaestra. M e Cubans never shoot them. The world is evil enough without setting damned souls loose iu it. But a young Kspanfil among the padre's pupils lau the risk. One morning he brought hack to the -jenta a dead devil-bird tliat he had killed in the night. Mine host was for having it sprinkled with holy water and buried in all haste; but Padre Vine?, laughed, a thing which rarely happened to such a grave and reverend senor, and lie and the lads took the unhallowed bird outside and cut it open. San Domingo! what do they find among its entrails but a golden ring, small in size, aud of liue workmanship, and with the name of Zai a graven upon it! The mystery of„the Santa Felisa Pass waB.unravelled at last. Jealous 1 Molos, the' liusband of the lovely Antillian maiadotz, did not take her away with him in the American schooner after alL • No, betook her up the Sauta l'elisa Tass| and ended love aud Jealousy. for himself aud her with |.wo strokes of 'the knife Zara's ring is atoned in the museum of Havana. Her body and Golos's received no bunal Thay wero dcvoured "!.v /icvilbinds, into whose bbdies jiccch&iue; their *ou]b had already pjsseJ. But'&e; clcrgy. \- u of Sani iago performed.® service ou the spot where the aziesc was found, and Sprinkled it and the gorge with holy ^water," since which their spectres' have troubled the [•ms ho more." This etoiy, which Matias . gs -uished with ahundanteiclamations and gestures, was leceived with grare and credulous interest by all the hearers save one. This was a young Georgian about five- and-twenty years" of age, who gave himself out as traveller for a tobacco house iu Haltiuiore. This young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the eutire category of supernatural appearances. " Serve that sort of cake to your Cuban niggers, uiajoral," said he. " It has not suited my stomach siuce I was a schoolboy." "Cosas de Espauo' J (it is a matter of breed) retorted Matias, grinning and-shrugging his shoulders! But theAoung Yankee's fellow- travellers <Jid; iiot all take his conicihptuotts-incredulity or 'open scorn of ; t h e i r t h e ,r , c'CS^wib: .WIUI -. uw majoralsphilbsophic^^^fimouK^To have itrpressiye nariiations -received •mOi persistent modceiy is a trial to (the besttempered narrators, implying as it does not only doubts of .their candour, but a mean opinion of their intellectual capacity.- Oue jiassenger iu particnlar.folt himself aguiieved by the-' <5eoi^ria.u's levity of tougue. This "was a-Mexcian'of fifty or thereabout,solemn, icadaverous,'and shorn- "faced, and lookiifg like a Pampas cattle dealer in a prosperous way of business. Iiis piercing ebon eyes, deep set under low, projecting brou-v imparted a hooded-falcou-like expression to -his physiognomy This man had related the omen of a told hand, which in his family prefigured death by touching the shoulder of tbe doomed one, and instanced the case of his youngwife, who felt the sinister touch while out al< in J with him on the Pampas, and died a few hours after iu his arms, without experiencing auy pain or symptoms of illness. Several times during the narrative the young commercial.had chuckled aloud, and he gi-eeted the conclusion with shouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at him. " Young gentleman," said he, "though you laugh so lightly at the ghostly adventures of others, I make no doubt you would be the first to quail and tremble if anything similar happened to yourself." " Waal, stranger, if you mean 1 am a coward, -you had better say so," retorted tbe Georgian, laughing louder and more ofl'ensively thau before. "Loco (idiot), will you force me to prove your folly to you ?" cried the oldefmau, clutching the shoulder of tbe commercial so hard with his claw-like fingers that he winced. " 1 declare to you that the sight of a ghost' would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer crack." "1 calc'late it might, if it had your muscular claw, -darn ye I" exclaimed the young' Georgian, angrily, wresting his arm from the other's laiuful grip. " Every dem fool may have lis opinion, but he mayn't choke it down other folks' throats, I reckon." In warm latitudes, when words run so high, an appeal to revolvers is imminent • aud such au issue of the discussion being undesirable in a crowded diligence, the other ten travellers interfered in the interests of peace. The disputants showed themselves amenable to reason; each leaned back again in his comer, aiid the stilluess of the mountain defile was broken ouly by the driver's professional oaths, aud the jingling bells of his six blanked mules. The journey, now all down hill," proceeded rapidly, and shortly before mid- ' night the first and longest stage on the tour to Mauzanillo ended at a roadside . veula, where supper '.was waiting for the travellers. ' Over thqjr broiled tmkey and eliced hams, fried in.oil,.and fresh roasted coflec—the perfume of which, still filled the house—the twelve insides " grew gay aud talkative. Gradually conversation worked round again to Hie subject of the supernatural, aud in the cheerful security of the brightly lighted inn parlour the young commercial laughed still louder over his companion's stories thau he hla done iu tile mountain pass. The expression of the Mexican's lace grew more and more significant. At last he stood up, aud in a toue of sarcastic menace, said, " Young man, you defy me to prove what I said. Buono, 1 accept. I am prepared to summon from the dead any person you name. If you cau, laugh m the face of the spectre. Porriente% I will say no more." At this unexpected challenge the Yankee seemed to waver,, and his challenger laughed derisively.' " Come, senor, close with him! Close with him!" unanimously uiged the other ten travellers, who were curious to see the old one's talent put to the proof, "otherwise we shall think you verily are afraid." " Then I calc'late I'll convince yer to the contrary," drawled the Georgian. " I'm sot on Jumbi " (tbe spirit worshipped by the negroes of the Antilles, supposed to reside' in ceiba trees), he added, addressing the cattle-dealer, aud expectorating over his shoulder into the fireplace. - You bet he's somewhere around. We passed a grove of ceibas just now." "Corpo di Christi! am l a niggeror a Johnny Crowr cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflame at tile insult imx>lied by tbe young man's address. " Can you not see the senor is-afraid, and wants to back out- of -Hie business!" sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "D'ye want to digest your supper with a little lead, stranger 1" inquired the Yankee tapping his breast-pocket suggestively, but before the cigar-roller, who seemed eager to accept .this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back in his chair, and his voice drowned i>y eager and insistent cries of "The challenge—keep to the challenge, gentlemen!" "Let senor Americano signify whom* "among the departed he wishes to see, and I am ready," said the cattle-dealer, .who had recovered his phlegm. «It is understood that I feet lum six hundred jSjn&icaii; dollar that he will drop down with fright before the apparition I conjure up—"Hold there ! Six hundred dollars is more than I can afford to iisk!\ interrupted jths American. Since the senor so positively denies the existence of spirits, there can be no risk for lam," insinuated the Mexi- can, an argument that was unanimously applauded. " I can't wager what I haven't got," persisted the young commercial, " but I'll bet you a hundred dollars, if that will suit you." The Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and laughed contemptuously. "Conjure up a spirit from the a&ss; for this miserable sum of one hundred dollars 1 No, senor. My wager stands at six hundred. If you "accept that—well; if not, shall take the liberty of believing you lack the needful oourage." . By this time Hie curiosity of the ten spectators had readied such a pitch'that they were prepared to pay almost any price for its gratification. One of them exclaimed, "Seuors, let us co-operate to settle this difficulty. We are ton in number. Here l-Jay down fifty dollars : if each of yoii will do likewise! with senor Americano'^ -hundred we • shall - have made up the -sum." This firoposition was eagerly accepted,andtn-less timethan it takes to relate,,500 dollars were haudedtothe young commercial, with the : understand uig that if he won the bet the ten contributors. He did not appealoverjoyed«.t4heiacilityalibrded him for establishing his claim to be a. *iiau of : courage.,- on the contrary, lie becamfe pale and uneasy" and it was uot till the mock- • whispers around greiv so loud that he could no longer pretend to be deaf to them, that he said, with a-forced laugh, which had mighty little bravura in it. Waal 1 guess it's a doue joh, guvneh Go ahead ind lose yer money as quick as yer like." The landlord of the venia agreed to place au empty room at the disposition of the necromancer, and -the- .Mexican having selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, aud shut the door upou him. He himself remained outside iu the garden with the rest of the company, whose excitement was aroused to'the highest pitch by the cabalistio natnre of the next proceedings. Placing himself opposite the closed door.the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly some formula iu au unknown tongue, while the falcou gaze of his deep-sunk eye.*- seemed penetrating to the depths of Avernus. "Whoshall I call?" be asked at length. " Fair Zara, the female bull- fighter!" was the answer that came back from the dark room. The Mexican resumed bis incanta- 4i0us..-_j"J Calc'late = the lady's husband objects to Jicr. JrayeHing &lone.You;'d better call for'euv twih", ^linger," jeei-ed tboybuugtanhmerciaJ,"as tlie ghost delayed to .appear. Unmoved.-the necromancer, continued his jiiutterihgs^. - At the end of • another five minutes the Georgian called, .out, " Look here, Baisamo, give over swearing-, aud let me out I can't afford to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts iU-e getting on tbeir ten league boots." " There is time, senor; there is time !" called back the majorat, who stood agape with curiosity beliiud his passengers. " What do you see !" demanded the deep' voice of the Mexican. " Nothing," was the prompt reply. An interval of a few moments, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was a jiause, aud then iu a somewhat unsteady ..voice the answer came, " I see a white vapour at the end of the room—you are letting in steam to frighten me !" « What comes out of the vapour ?" questioned the Mexican. Another pause, longer thau before, and then the tremulous inteijection, "It is a figure. It approaches, but I do not care. It is all a delusion." " What does the delusion do V demanded the conjurer, with a sneer of menace iu his tones. A sort of shuddering gasp was audible on the • other side of the door, then on a sudden a piercing cry, "A woman's kiss ! No ! the lips were fire—the arms ice. Let me go, fiend : there is blood ou her neck! Let me go ! I am stifling—strangling ! All! I cau't bear it! Accui-sed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help ! Help J" A heavy fall was heard inside the room. Some of the company tore opeu the door, whilst others fetched a light. Tlie commercial lay on the floor iu convulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water on the man's face, slapped his bauds and feet, shook him, and rubbed Inm with vinegar, frightened out of their wits at the alarming consequences of the spectral wager. At last he came to Drawing a deep breath, he opened his eyes, and cast a terrified glauce toward the end of the room, as if he expected to see the glassy gaze of the murdered maiadore still nvetted upou him His relief at finding the apparition gone was quickly succeeded by an outburst of fury against the wizard who had called it up. " Where is he gone? he cried. " Where is the blanked swindler villas been trying to gammon T 8 f/ th J/* 5 £ }iost ? « was a gulL a cheat! The dead don't return." He looked savagely about him; but the Mexican trader was not there ; he had stayed . ^ tte ^en. "Whereishe skulking ? Let me come afc-him V shouted -the youug commercial, aud before anyone had time to prevent him, he shot out into the garden like a cannon-ball. The others followed on a state of panic, expectin" a catastrophe if the two men met. It was pitch dark in the garden, and they called aloud to the Mexican to beware of the exasperated Yankee. But everything remained quiet. Presently more lights were brought, and strict search was made among the beds of yams aud cassava am' the patch of sugar-cane in the vai/a garden. It resulted in the discovery of nothing but a young mongoose, probably harbouring thievish designs on mine host's turkeys. A low hedge of coffee- bushes separated the garden from the adjacent country, which was enveloped in the blackiiess of a stormy midnight. Undercover of this impenetrable gloom the magician and the sceptic, their theatrical animosity laul aside with the. completion of their rSles, had accomplished an easy evasion carrying with them the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow passengers. Some of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others affirmed that the entire adventure was the work of the devil and his agents, ihe debate on these points occupied the whole of the next stage. The inajoral was of course drawn into the argument, but he would not commit himselt "God ouly knew. The Americanos were won't to say there were dollars in Cuba for men who kept their eyes skinned, and skinned eyes might also sec ghosts! For the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to his opinion." The majoral could aftbrd to be philosophic and impartial. "He had lost nothing, and he had acquired a new and exciting tale of the road. 