R ICHARD .III. s- WENT to see Richard III. recently. I 3 was very much interested in the play, Ind' whn I went home I got out my English History and extracted a few facts about him. He was a gentleman who held the rather dangerous position of King of England a term or so during the fifteenth century, who seemed to have an ever-present, irresistible desire to commit homicide on his entire corps of relatives. I don't know of a more risky position than that, of a relative of his; it was a very unhealthy thing ; none of his relatives lived long, and the life insurance companies always charged them twice as much as they did any one else. Occasionally he would run out of relatives, and then the good people of "Merrie Eng land" who were wealthy, or who had done anything that might possibly have offended him, would get out in the country for a few weeks or over to France for their health; it was about the healthiest thing they could do. I am very glad I did not live in the fifteenth century. There was no telling when somebody would drop around with a guard of soldiers and invite you out to get a divorce from your head. There was a great deal of variety about these murders. Sometimes they would get up a nice display of fireworks with the victim, a nice bonfire forming the centre piece of the programme; occasionally they would turn him upside down in a cask of wine, or pitch him over the castle walls into the moat. They were the most ingenious people in the world for devising new ways of shuffling off 'the mortal coil-for other people. They always wanted some one else to do the shuffling. Richard would lie awake all night some. times, and rig up some kind of a nice autumn-style homicide, and then he would pick out a wealthy gentleman whose estates would revert back to the Crown, and try it on him! It made no difference whether the man had done anything or not-if there was no charge against him he would hunt up one. I rather liked the play, though. It was written by a person named Shakespeare, so the programme said. Richard did very little during the play except give orders to the half-starved minions in tin chest pro tectors and sheet-iron pants, to go out and get up aý funeral, and make disconnected remarks in sixteenth-century English. There is very little detail in the first two or three acts. In Act I., Richard nominates himself for King, and then having nothing particular to do, he goes around to the Tower and personally attends to a murder. Ini Act II. he makes arrangements to marry a widow whose husband he had removed a few days previously. In Act III the Lord Mayor, accoinpanied by the County Commissioners and the chief of police, and a miscellaneous assortment of lords, &c.;, come round, and the Duke of Buckingham tells him he has got to be King, whether he wants to be or not, and ihe accepts the position, and says he will try to rule England well-I suppose he did the besthe could. He held the position of King for a couple of years -without any trouble, and then a gentleman named Richmond, who at that time was in France for his health, took a notion that he would like b~ be King himself ; so he challenged Richard for the championship of the world, and .the winner to take the gate money. This made Richard mad, and he killed a few people who happened to be cosvenient -not because they had done anything, but because he was mad and had to kill some. body-and then he went out and organised a little private. delegation of English warriors, and started out to settle with. Richmond. The'curtain rises on Act VI. at this stage of the game, and discovers Richard making a few blank-verse remarks to his army. And let me say right here that that army was the most impartial army I ever saw. They would serve Richard for an act or so and then they would desert to the enemy for awhile and after they had got done serving on that side they would come back to him again. Sometimes they would be English lords and sometimes they would be Norman nobles. When they were lords they wore their hats the other way and pulled ',, their tights-that was all the change of cos tume that they indulged in. As the army they were armed with double barrelled battle-axes and Winchester repeat halberds. There were two of them. Richmond was dressed much better than the army. He wore a spring stylecut-away shirt of mail with silver-plated pants; over the whole outtit he wore a white overcoat with a buttonhole bouquet of one rose embroidered on it. He made a few remarks on general sub. jects, called Richard a number. of hard names and then he took his army and went Presently Richard came in with his army (wvhich was the army previously imemtioned), and ihe pow.powed around awhile, and then he made his soldiers an oration. He told them what a- good King he had been, and how well lie had always ruled England, and how he would hate to see any one el?a etep in and spoil all the good work he had done, and be harsh and cruel to them and their children, and he told them how much he loved them, and how necessary i~ was for them to have some one to rule over them that understood them and loved them as well as'he did. "My noble followers," said. he, "shall we let this starveling foe, with no ancestors and ready-made armour, come over here and claim my throne? Not much. Use the great and glorious prrivilego Heaven has granted you, and wade in and defend your country and your King, and when you have wiped the floor with these frog- eaters I'll raise the tariff and pay you your salary-if you are still alive." This satisfied the army, and they went away, and Richard tried to go to sleep; but he was troubled with indigestion and bad dreams, and saw a whole lot of ghosts and thingsso he couldn't sleep to do any good, but lay awake fixing, up a new way to kil Richmond the next day after the battle. By and bye they had a battle, and they divided up the army and had a real nice scrap among themselves till the stage manager chased them off the stage with an axe so that Richard and Richmond could fight, and then thley had to fight too. and Richmond pulverised Richard, and the army all shook hands, and the curtain went down. CAPI'ING HIS STORY. As American aud a German were speaking of the ingenuity of their respective country men. Hans Deutscher said: " Only the otlher day a former school companion of mine invented a maehiiie whichl saves a great deal of trouble in the making of sausages. We only require to put the pig in at one end, set the thing in motion, and in a short time the sausages come out ready, smoked and all, at the other side." "That is certainly very good," the Yankee allowed; " but a countryman of mine has lately patented a machine on the top of which the sausages are deposited, and in less time than it takes to relate, the little pigs run out from underneath and scamper off to the nearest clover-bed." Impecunious Lover: "Be mine Amanda, and you will be treated like an angel." Maiden : "Yes, I supposeso. Nothing to eat and less to wear. No, I thank vn " Happiness grons at our own firesides and g not to be picked in strangers' garc'ns, 