V COLLAKSEL) AIR CASTLK. i>Tis a questionable comfort to" * be;ji J bachelor. ( I had never felfc more 'ouvinced of that fact than I did on one particular day in .December. The- eun— winch I find often affects our moods seriously by the way lie looks down upon us —was in a cecjuettish' moocl, aud coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. The ladies were out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that eeldoin fails —not figuratively speaking, permit me to remark, for I am no judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe the verdict of fiction, " where,the sky that had been obscured with clcuds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and life was one perpetual strfnmer of bliss after the bright particular 'she' appeared ou the iirrizon of his life." Literally, I remarked, however, that the* uuiisual number of the female persuasion in the st-ieet s of our famous town portended a st orm, and so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, just as I imagine society belles must appear after a brilliant bali, where they : have squandered three days' supplies of smiles and blandishments on one evening. Perhaps the atmosphere warmed up enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the same. ; Questionable, I remarked, is, th.3 comfort of a bachelor. It is very flatteruig to be pointed out as some special genus of a race, in an 'exclusive way, shilling with an unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman we just- passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I felt a new accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, as if Iliad been quoted as a "bachelor of arts," or as a proieSsor ofsciehce. No second fiddle dubbing, its Mrs. Jotias .Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a •patronising and complacent ioot as I passed on: ' Another group came down the avenue. One of the young ladies I recognised' as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after I had bowed and walked slo-w ly on, these words siduted my ear,— '* 0 May 1 You should set your'cap for Mr. Scribbler 1 ." \ " May -aud December ! That would be like the story I read lately," was the reply in silvery tones, tlmt sounded very pleasant, and sent a flutter, through even my old!veins as I listened, hoping to hear more pleasantries at my expense of&s; encouraging a' character, especially as? had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like one 1 could wish to possess as a— daughter. But the next words shut dovyu like night,, chilling my very Ijoiics. You know he might not live long, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow, with plenty of admirers, and —" M-f-rere! 1 thought my plodding neighbour across the street, who was only Mrs. B! ank's husband, could be hardly the victim of such a dark conspiracy. In this mood^of --syjiren humility I encountered an teld .friend, heavily laden with parcels, who was not only somebody's huchand, but an old- time rival. My greeting partook of the nature of congratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured me —making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store—that if lie got his errands doue ia time he would come. Errands ? Bless my soul! Where is the burdened benedict-going to 6low away the rest of his " errands "— and what made him. look as if haunted by some irate fury as he edged off hurriedly to buy calico, t-hiead, a paper of pins, perhaps, ^ or a yard of ribbon, or some other feminine possessions that, old bachelors are not supposed to realise the need of? On my homeward journey, thinking and moralising 011 the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh hells, that announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and—jolly, I should have once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke so recently that it sent a shiver through me—eld'.'fly couples tucked up snugly, and talking comfortably, or jogging 011 in melancholy silence. So contradictory are all general applications l.o social states that. I gave it up as too far beyond me to solve the problem " To be or not to be." The whistle of the early evening train blew, and I concluded my friend hail been so long delayed with matching that particular shade of ribbon, or finding that identical pattern.of slippers, that he had no time to drop in to commiseiate an old bachelor in i.is lonely lot. He was a sort of rival years ago, and no unc could condemn me for feeling a slight resentment on being "cut out," to use a common phrase. But time heals many a smart, and one turns back, when one is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dismally 011 a state that I felt iu duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover -thinking the lowering night would exempt me from intrusion — was engaged in the very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learning that accomplishment, lest I should need to know how : I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing this when I was 10 years younger, but now my fingers had grown clumsy, and the needle would go into the wrong place—as often into my lingers as iino the edge of the chasm I was trying to bridge over with yarn. It is astonishing how a person who has kept a strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the " swear words'"' lie ever knew upon such a provocation. I had just come to the last, fissure in those Iwseu when I saw my friend's ligure pass the window. I heard his step at the door, and hastily thrusting the darning-needle into the nearly spent ball, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over all, as I felt rather ashamed to be found mending stockings by this man of all others, who had a wife to keep him neat. This thought put me on the defensive at once, for T said to myself : " ' Ye are spies ! To see the nakedness of the land are ye come.' Without compromising truth, I shall externally prove the tranquil joy of the celibate." My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at ease, and after looking into the dark comets somewhat apprehensively, drew up a splintbotturut.d chair to the fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy blaze, befure which the andirons posed, like sentinels, black aud grim, evidently staring at the intruder. After we had talked a while on many topics his face grew long and solemn, and drawing his hand .slowly over his half-gray whiskers, he remarked sagely : " This must be. a mighty hard life for you to lead, ilabe. .here all alone ; 1 pitv you from the. hot turn of my heart, I do ! Don'L you get lonely ? " " Occasionally," 1 replied. " When I do ;JI I generally throw a handful of butternut wood 0:1 the fire, and the sputtering and snapping that breaks the silence seems to fill the ronm with the ghosts of a quillingbee or a sewing society." p Joshua turned up his eyes rather sus-; piciously, looking for some sinus <>f irony^ in my face, and continued p;-.lroiiisin-;!v: " Now if you hud a wife, Hube, she v. .mid have polished these andirons so you could see your face in 'em." I have a good looking-glass," I said, " and beside, I ne.\er flattered myself 011 being worth looking at." " There's a woman over in our neighbourhood that would make von a oapiHl wih\" in: r-e.ii." i. " She is g.jod l-v.,kn,j; : art as <x slsei tiap, aud clev 1 beside. i ui interestedreally, and would^ike j see ybu comfortably settled in yoiti declminj^year Suppose you come over t<. iiur placj£; somjJ time, and get acqaaintol?' I •; " I arn;Hji'b'£' iure I need a wife," I said I reluctantly, not being willing to confess plat j his lasl/-Wdrdsjgad'fi^en like oil on trolled iseas. " I am wtell enotigh as lam." V * My apparent reluctauce to accept his services as matcli-ftwrk^r aroused in him the slumbering f&e;'of.oratory ; long subdued— rumour had 'whispered—by the sharp and overwhelming logic of his better half, Belinda-.- - —— Think what it would be r " said lie, "to have soinjb onejtjf sjiare yoiir/8orrows l tnfeljle your joys (Belindi iVsed to sing treble inthej rllag-e choir ovhenJ ^ young),-to^ootl e- your cares with loving words and gent.e ^miles : to bestow titles of tenderest endeariiient upon you ; to be a ministering augel in iickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken lublimest harmony in your soul; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your Washing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and " :' But whatever else Joshua might have said was lost to me then. He had,, as it were, taken file...by ..slow stages to thje^daeetiugliouse' steeple, and; tiheii <|i|>pped|nftfrjjm t^hence, pi ^tW ink 1 ftigf ictoSa? wasfi.;!u bf'^p d a, p o u l t r y p a i O S . Of course the "shock and the fall was too much for one of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. 1 That was the way his eloquence always eiidcd at the debating spciety .jvltpi} he was young. Hfc-woald ; 36e,r, -arid soatVatfd soar, till lie reached the " top of father's woodpile." , I saw he was making one more frantic dibi t, encouraged by my weak silence, to convert, me to his mail imj^sd^t^djJ kn^vi i6 would JJfe^iierl^^s to h^bur.jple^i^itKK' rufjtf tbrapurreufe-.of tiu^Stteaife aw^stmf l^t-ened in silence, wondering, a little steptic:illy, why he looked so careworn and ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of existc-kce. • " And—and whenever you have roamed afar/r«m tbe-bosoiii ofyyour^iinilyj and a®; "weary aud- wom fatigije, ^jfe wqj'v coined homjp;again \SitSi carjjsaug words aq'cl a,loving 10 \\*3Tlg embrace. ClUUL^CC. M £ y . | > I : He nioppld |he pefsjiirat&nSrom;|iiS> brow J ami tra^f attire iutg the rocking-chair,towards which he had been gyrating iu his excitement. He dropped into the chair with the air of a used-tip orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I remarked that " I was glad to tiear that he and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happilyitogctheS 1 ." * •- • -"\Vthatever else I would have said was cut short by his suddenly strange conduct as he sprang up from the chair and executed a dance that was something between a waltz and a breakdown, and not exactly either. ;" Why these antics, my friend?" I asked inu.oceiJtly/rtifiaining froiu gazing exception his face, which was contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces' marvellous to behold. " It is indeed a fittiug illustration of your felicity when you are impelled to leap for joy." ;" Hang it all," he said, "Can't you see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his hand around to his spiue and gave another terrific shriek. ' • , " Excuse my abstraction," I said,' slowly rising to investigate the cause of his fright. I was thinking of Belinda " The cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to the small of his back, were all t-fie contents of that chair, except the cushion. .,••:.* • • -, : "Confound Belinda !" he exclaimed, stung to maduess by jealousy and the darningneedle. " I can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night—I've got seasoned to it—but I'll be darned if 1 can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." • • i "I'll try /(to extricate youvi understand now. 'i our little pun respecting mv darning needle here made me think: you were mildly sweating," I remarked. " Steady now !' And with a vigorous effort the dkruing needle, handkerchief, ball, and stocking were at once removed, and I confessed to myself with aii inward chuckle that it was certainly-'not a very : beautifying' addition to a;frock coat.-' -. ' ' .Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attach mint he had unwittingly affected— entirely done for. He had in an unlucky moment, contradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at. the stockings, seizing.on them'as a subject for his next remark. . ., • "Did you do that, 'Reuben?" he asked. "I never see one darned so well. After all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't hasten, Joshua—you were telling me what Belinda would say wheiiyou return ; I am fretting deaf: I don't always, catch everything;' 1 ' " No I wasn't, neither-! •'And you needn't be calling my wife by her first name to my face —but I cau tell you near enough, if you want to know; she will say that I was a blustering old idiot to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too. " I beg your 'pardon, frifend Joshua,^'I apologised. -VI am-somewhat -blundering myself, and I reckon I'd., be twice as much so if I had as many errands'entrusted to my poor memory as you had to-day." He looked as if it was 110 affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and corrected one of my errors by presenting a much rumpled dpcument from his vest pocket. " There's the items : it doh'ffdo to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greefk aiid Hebrew characters that I was unable to trauslate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : "By the great Caesar '. If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins? " \- He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him to remind him of his- magnanimous offer. : " When shall I have the pleasure of meeting that, amiable person at your house? Miss Charity Smith, I think you called her."' He looked more confused than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly : "Well, now—come to think of it, I ain't -sure she'd suit you, after all; and-come to 1 think of it—seems to me I heard that she thought of, making a lengthy visit to her nephew out ill Oregon. Perhaps you had better wait awhile. ' I think I'll take it up with Miss Chavity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave you so comfortable." He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and the air castle is likely to share the samef-ite as many another. But here, what is this my eye first lights upon as 1 open the paper this hot midsummer day ? " A mysterious disappearance ! " Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. The depot agent is quite sure he bought a ticket for some Western city, but his" family suspect, suicide, as he has been melancholy of late.'.' Poor Joshua! I can imagine that he would be subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't be what : she used to be, according to the bints he iet drop reflecting on her amiability. I hardly think it would be best to attempt to condole with her, if woist has come to worst—and if Belinda Brown is really a widow —poor fellow ! } Bui- perhaps she might, for old acquaintance sake, forget her grief sufficiently to present me to Miss Smith. " Charity "— that name, however, has had a very pleasing sound to my ears. But here's another Chestnut-hill item, jthat gives the finishing stroke strokt to that air '^castle— " Miss Charity Smith startei ted for Oregon .ast week." . \ j •• The thermomi'ter was! hinetyin the shade when I came iu with the paper. 1 must go out and look at it again ; it must have fallen Lwciitv degrees certain. What if—Joshua had gone out to Oregon himself? . T11 all England there are only sewn sehool boards which do not pro tide for ic'li^ious iusU wiion by the teacher. 