THE WORLD OF LABOUR. ^ Tonvwv»ntA Railway Emrrtoywg Aa sociation last week held a social for the first time^and everythingTvent as gaily as a^marnage bell. ---=.? -.-.-==.-I==.-.^=i i.,..-^-,^^-., Laboi numbers of workers unem ployed are asking theTasmanian Govern ment for work — which they 11 get when it's differently oomposed. Not before. A levy of one day's pay per man has been made throughout the ranks of South Australian unions to help the men against the capitalistic pirates at Broken HUL Fobtt (S.A.) railway employees, are shortly to study the laws of supply and demand and the glories of civilisation by walking the streets to effect a saving of £5000ayear. ~~ The Litbgow (N.S.W.) AsBociateT Collieries and the Western Miners' Associ ation held with good results a conference' respecting conditions of labour, recent dis charges, and other matters. Hughendkn A.W.U. Secretary Curtie says M. Fanning was nominated for an organiser, Mark Helmore for conference dftlpgate, C. M'Donald-and-R-GL Magmnis for secretary, but they declined to Btand. Bor labour in the cigar trade in Mel bourne has resulted in putting cheap and nasty cigars on the market and the men on ^theT3treets. TheTraly compensation is that the capitalists — smaU fry variety — smoke the cigars. Organiser Meehan, writing from Welltown, says~he has done good work in the south-west, the fellows rollinc into the union heavily and putting down^their subs, for the men on the Barrier with hearty willingness. Competent and reliable bookkeepers can be got in Sydney in abundance at 25s. a week, says a capitalist who robs the workers of £8000 a year. Yet these vic tims 'specialled' and blacklegged during the maritime strike. Colocbed labour pearl shellen on the N.Q. coast are continually deserting through bad tucker— rice and salt junk. The law and the P.M., however, came to the rescue of the boat owners, and the 'cheap and reliable' return to their doom. A full meeting of the Central Execu tive of the Queensland Labour Party last week. Organiser Driffield reported good worn on cne uariing uowns. funds for the elections were received and a host of correspondence dealt with. The engine men are out at Wallsend (N.S.W.) Colliery, owing to the dismissal of a man for standing by his union. Over 200 miners are effected. The miners' dele gate board hasn't endorsed the action of the enginemen. Thb Winton Herald report of the braying of some very long eared and flat browed men at Boondooroo woolshed in August last has been the round of the papers, and stupid people have felt mu -.h comforted by reading it. They needed such a solace. The Sydney 2?. T. published and most Queensland papers reprinted a bogus reso lution purported to nave been passed by fctia M R W nVnnaH1 am) r-..__:«__-TT^:-' that the Dibbs— capitalist conspiracy ? Government merited the confidence of the workers. The D. T. now climbs down. Since the police have been taken from the N.S.W. squatting towns to ooeree unionists and introduce blacklegs into the mines at Broken Hill, the spielers and thieves sent west during the bush strike have quartered themselves on the stations and are now behaving like lordly capi talistB without legal right to the position. The blackbirder Para is the first slaver to return with a cargo captured under the new regulations. Eighty -six male kanakas were secured, but one was found to be stiff In the joints and not likely to be of much value to the planters so he was returned. The others signed 'agreements,' and were despatched under escort to the Herbert River. The report of the inquiry is a long while appearing concerning the truthfuT ness of the Brisbane Telegraph'* yarn that : It has been reported to the Government that two men who are at present receiving relief from the immigration authorities, were offered vrork in connection with the Booth Brisbane Fire Brigade at 80s. per week and quarters, but refused to accept the positions on these terms. ? ALLQBA atorflkftnpnrw ware mindful enough of their own health and comfort and that of their assistants to bolt np the temples of competition at 6 p.m. during winter, and now they're going for a Wed nesday half holiday. Thin ntti*...! arrangement is easy where cut-throatiem isn't strong, but it needs the law in cities —where men are transformed into demons. John Chinaman Stevenson has carried a motion that all papers relating to the conviction of R. Jones, of Bundaberg in reference to the illegal employment of Polynesian labourers be laid on the table of the House. It's not solicitude tor the kanakas or anxiety that the law has not been stringently enforced that has moved J.C.S. in this matter. A pmrur. wail has gone up from some of the men who have hitherto knocked out a very hand to mouth existence by occa sional jobs at the South Brisbane Drv Dock. Nayal Brigade men are now to set a snow, ana cne oia nands are much wroth ' they. have never given trouble by strikes or in^any other way, yet they find themselves entirely boycotted through no fault of their own.' Curtain ! Workers in the Scotch chemical trade pass 60 to 84 hours a week in an industrial inferno where the fumes bum their verv clothes, arreBt the Current of their life blood and bo/iily transform them into capi tal in the space of eight years. During .that period the profits are entered to the creditof the owners of the works, and at ftctsift men s *-' are -^ed Labour M.P. Keir Hardie, last week at the annual meeting of the British Con gregattonal Union declared ? 'Lian OQa That ,tbe Churches Preached only to tht- «™- helping hand beinM^tXm Wlth°Ut * There was, of course, a flutter in the minis tenal dovecotes-what has been stjled by the various Australian dailies ^painful order' nH Sens.atj?n'' ' considerable d order and an indignant denial. All the same the truth got home. ft * ATlGlaneUy (Wales) copper works em ployers deduct 1 per oent per week for ooffina tor the workers, but before a worker «anget his coffin his relatives -have to pay St. 6d. for Idie labour of making it and 1*. for trimmings. ? The UnionJPrisoners in St. Helena (Q.) when visited' last week by A.L.F. General Secretary Hinchcliffe, Seamen's Union Secretary Seymour, and Organise! Reid, whispered through the prison ban that the boys one and ail agreed that £100 be taken from the (Q.) Union Prisoners' Assistance Fund and sent to the loyal men and women on the Barrier to fight against contract And broken agreements. In the West men are asking each other where to steer in Bearch of work. The principal sheds have nearly all out out?5M»d it is jjvident that l»et ween this and the next general shearing there-wjU-be-hundreds of ? men loafing about with nothing to do, They are mostly dissatisfied with the year's work and, as Allan Cameron puts it, will stick to the warpath as long aB there is a ghost of a sheep to be shorn, Ffioto Leichhardt way come complaints about the bare-faced manner . in which squatters are breaking agreements by charging 30 per cent and over iimtead of ? the stipulated 10 per oent profit on rations. Mr. Leslie, of Lerida, owned up when pressed on the point, to going behind his agreement in the rates he charged on car nage from the railway station. Mr MfAlistor, of Leiohhardt, made a similar mistake. — Funny, isnfe-it^ha&em-rfl; of this kind generally go against the men. 