DRESS OF THEI DA ; A now model for an evening olona (a writer on Dress for the Now Year," in the Stndllard, says) is of rich grey and black brocaded eatl.in, with a large wide collar, with boa, and fronts of black Tlhibet Iaimb or astrachan, the softer, looser wool having the beet appearance. This oloak is for-lined, and reehcs down to the fcet, covering the gown. A shorter half length opera cloak, of white brocaded velvot, lined with golden -brown Latin, has the upright coll,,, and fronts of thle now Visor far, which nuchi reserblea Imarton-tail, and i becoming very fashlionablel for triamming purposes, for which its nweora very well, COMWO1O'FAB11E ).WLNIN( COiTTlI.rr, - A collaretto of whito lThibet lamb fur malkes a charming addition to evening dress, and will beo found cosily warm sit comfortable. A mixture of coloasc forms the mott lstriking teaturos in the latest alrisian crentuions in ltillitort. Eithor the flowers are of differentll colourln, or tha1 rosottes of ribbon of dtifferrnt colourii. Thus, in n nmodel, poach colour, vett d';cau, nod roce doe chino are the colours used for tlhe narrow satin riboii rooetles; in another, hll', p1!k, nod tivy. Vet eat crowns, lineld, of couroc, ore a-, lihr 'c:dture; II1lcl; ostrich feather. over belicol e votx , 'lsi,1l widl ltinOl of this colour crlraing fiuo tIhe lit.k, and ths, r0i ted brim lined with the V.loet drawin in full ptealc, the tilps of thei fe.there fatl!b c< over ca forming tn edging; to tie brimi use the forehlad. Another o1o01 toi a sonet oa btat- rtor v aped mass in dark blao htial, with 11 pi!0. nod greyish green roettces of fransd outn ilk, the trtin;-s being of thu vetlvet. A 1ite terry vel t bonnet, l it .l1 whiit ostrich feather crown, wtvi ciha wing. In tlil, tho velbet nwas full inidte ll) front of tIl birili, tild n diamond buttertly selt alornced the folds to tohe Ift side. A striped whits velvet innur"t, pate thudded over on the loft 0ide with 1 p01 ddlit-- -I, Inittl etiti ,, the wids silk strings, cit o:the croast , int:,Cned by lho same ornamentsl. Black atin Itt It, in ttuit t now1 shapte, are faslhion lsbt. TIty have brims litid on one side, and aro sl1imliy Iron in d 1with eiliher b;ltck or coloured ostrichl feathers oil the crown, , Ono of the smuartest, n-ll, l.i the ime litme, cionjd, of driig coi to tt tlit)made of tint llelin, 111t has ai deep roil collar, w11ich1 carl) vithtr he turned up to protect the blt k of If o neck atnd eas, or' turnad down, showing the scatf. This co.-t is cut doubae breasted, fastening with largo Ioriroie-shcll but tlons,l with loose, straight Iacli, nartl liolgl, itraight slcaves, set in rather haightand ulln tielt sthouldrl Ili lot1 1 fit maltes it- very conifortabli to drive in, id Cyet does 110not intelrfere with its style. IFor a wralp worn over the lhbit iwhen driving Ilto cover it is ilost convenient. The 0e1110 lhapl in a s itt, Ihitk, roa sw fawn cloth, with roll ellitr of lheare iilict 0)ilt squirrol Or some i as'ero li ateri i ltc is, 1 of rletie', lees CIpenbsivB, atlle aI3wet- lilt Ltiie purpose) ; the lillbuttons for this would be either of bono tnlchingl the cloth, or pearl, These are only throe-qllitlie lengtlh coats, bTYblY3U MLIC.(1CiA6 JAC'llU.' .liga eollars and lihouiders imailtalil their populilrity, and for jacklet anid clo:las o ailnmall much in this faihlion. We present n setcli fromn i g Rgent stre.ut. ollp window of a acoa:blu aRlll woill'lll astrachan tllrcee- quirter jackct, Bodiicea for tiwcod gowna are (Il'?i.n' L.i.s' Journal ays) culmiparaivly philil in lil.l::, e timoes tight-littiing in Newniarlet f or.-m, so.etlim?ii with a deep tabbed tba.qpuo, while thoso opiniilln to show a w iast of tliot.lhtr illatcri; l :-ir, extrlieil ly BIllart. For liom1 o ''ona greatir copl its dllwed, and these bodices are in nimy cases of the slc t mako, with the uppei r part fill. Where t io materials are cinployed, or wher the lic mterial id to be trimned withl passont'teri., vhelEt, or fIIr, tho corselet bodico is in high favour. Aniong the prlty lblts shown this season i:i the Swiss slipo in v'l..-t, beaded and jowolled mot ieaiborately, and llni..ied with a deep beaded fringo. The long Newmuarket jacket is very servicealh!i in cold weathor; one of the newest modelC. is in ltwved in brown and bluo check, thei bllh lie ing very failtli This is lined with a soft woolly material, ii. i;looou in the back, fitting in very slightly to the wv.ait, wilth o011 plaOt and buttons on tihe back scn11n. Thlo collar is a deep roll, the slooves made with deep uetll'. A soft hat of the epnno naterial, with wing featllers, looks well worn with it. Wo?IE take part in the discusiiona of Wi.coisill farnora' clubs. Tui editor of thle ort Plai;n Ri.'tocr lha himi ofico and register connected by tolepllone. Ye.,trday oMr. Skidd, of Little Falls, anl old friend, callcd on the editor and expected to remain lfor dinner. Tli editor hurried to the teleplione and .hlouted to Ilis wife: " Mr. Slidd will be up with me to din?er, lay an eoxtlr plato," " Now," said thf editor, " ?Mr. Slidd, yo3 miay coinverEe with lher." A3 the gentleman .tl ln about to approach the inutriumenlt these wtordi weroe nlinlly heard: "You tell Mir. Slidd we don't lieop a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skiddl excuI'd imn solf for a few mIoinlnts, anld wia nroxt c;i:' catiTng friod cl0ma in thle Rainlow Satloon on the cornerc. TOI following verdict tis gioen in writin'I by Ithe forellan of a corolier'o jury in Niebraskl? " We raO.Ot A Pinion that the ]ccat 111mt with hir d:itll fromi Violant Inflrmaition in tlhe Arim prduEt from E1111 Niaan C?llse," Tin speaklerI is a tall, parohlinent-faccdl wioinl carrying n1mauy Iundles, and nccompallnied hy a poodlo dog and a little 'in, who loiokd unlihppy ellnolulg to beh or husband. 8h oappoard at the door of a i10ok ing carriago. " Quiot full, niadami," says o0ne li the occupaints. "No, sir, there is room for one, and I and my husband will sit in it," She aniffl, and exclaimsa, florcely, " Jamnes, it is a smoking carriago." "Yes, my lqvo," replies the husbaul, humbly. "I won't go in there." " Madaml," says thle Eiolmn geutleimal, riaing in his seat," one lmoment; we will oxprres our regrets; my brothers, three chccr, subdued lichers, plea.:e, co as not to shock tlholady's nerves." They clhered, nud slie sllnluned the door. Su);s0t Cox m?do rtlihr -Ia glood point on Judge Kelley, of 1'oelnsylvania, when oe called himi tho "per- i turbeil ghost oof pig-iron," Judge IKelley receoied thl hit with a pig-ironicanl ,lailk. TENTs?oil declines an offer of 5000 dols. from an enterprising American for a poem in which traicdy is averted by " lixz's litters." We despice a mnia who'll fool awany isuch cla i'ico of moiihilig moneoy, Rlnod Ri4i to us.- B1os;1u PaOrcr 