THE LADIES’ COLUMN. ' Fashion is as capricious as the weather. A fair day brings oat the robin’s egg blue of summer silks, and the canary yellow of apring.toilettes. A cloud crosses the hori zon, and dame Fashion calls to her brood: Ban, ran, my children, the sky is going to fall,” after the pattern of the figurative hen, and they all send home, to reappear in a.orm cloaks and umbrellas. And very likely the sky toil! fall in frequent showers; but as a counter-balance the new dress is not worn out before its time, as it would be if every day were fine. There is an art in always looking fresh and dainty, and having one's clothes crisp and new—not commercially new, as if they merely re presented money, but new with the lustre of-youth and good keeping. There are too many people who announce in every fold of their attire, “ I live in a house distressing,” and as we pass through the world we must be taken for what we appear to be. Even a frayed-out flower is unlovely. I have heard of an innovation—or is it a revival?—in the method of wearing the bridal veil which is to be brought out. It •him been the custom to have a part of the veil fall over the face; or a special face veil of the bridal tulle was worn and taken off by the bridesmaid, before the bride re ceived congratulations. Now the veil is to envelop her, falling to her feet back and front, bnt remaining open at the sides so that she can have the free use of her hands. And it is to be worn until replaced by the going-away costume. The imprisoned bride will look very much like a ghost, but the new veil will be the means of dispensing with the oscillatory exhibitions which are usually in bad taste at a public ceremony. What Edmund Bussell calls "spots of light” are worn more than ever. They are solitaire diamonds worn everywhere as well as on the finger; in the hair, in bows, at the fastening of a dress, at the belt, and even in shoulder knots. This gives a starry twinkle to the fashionable firmament—the more stars, the more twinkle. It is said that large brilliants can be very Jsnccess fully worn with a few genuine diamonds, and never be found out. It is supposed that they borrow enough reflected light to deceive the experts. • A bride’s going-away dress is to be com mended for its elegant simplicity. It is one of these fine novelty-cloths in blue grey, with a running wavy pattern in white Bilk, which come in costume lengths, part of the goods being plain. The folds where the skirt and waist connect are very new, and becoming to slight figures. The tine cord on the waist and the narrow box plaited edge to the skirt are the only trim A new and pleasing outfit for a woman who is nearing the attractive and interest ing period of middle life is the Muscovite costume. It is the creation of a London modiste and is made of fancy Jacquard broche pink cloth, with shaped skirt. Long jacket, trimmed with gold galon embroi dered. WaiBtband, collar and cuffs of the same. The Style of sleeves is particularly • becoming and novel. Watteaupleat atthe back. Bonnet in ipink crepe, with crown spangled and beaded. Fine French lace front, with large jet pin; ostrich plumes. 