THE CHAMPION JUMPER. The London Empire Theatre has secured a new attraction in the person of Mr. Joseph Darby, the champion jumper of the world and holder of the champion belt. Mr. Darby clears six chairs at a bound, his only spring-off being from a brick standing end up. In a similar way he jumps from a brick over a chair on to a second brick and clears a bar 5 ft. high. His flying leaps include a chair placed on a table, a series of eight chairs making an obstacle 19 ft. long, and a horse standing 17 hands, which he clears with his ankles tied. The more sensational feats consist of a jump over three chairs backwards, a jump over a chair on to the face of a man lying at its foot and off again without injury to the man, and a flying leap over water, in the course of which the champion just skims the top of the water without wetting more than the soles of his shoes. Mr. Darby concludes with a splendid bound over a 6-ft. gate, studded at the top with vicious- looking spikes. For the form of toothache known as "jumping toothache" hot, dry flannel applied to the face and neck is often very effective. To the question, " What is a cynic ? " a candidate at an examination either wittily or witlessly answered, " A philosopher who lives a dog's life." An American Catholic paper, by a comical misprint, refers to a well-known work of the late Cardinal Manning's as "The Infernal Mission of the Holy Ghost." The intelligent schoolboy again.—A pupil was asked, " How many coalition wars can you name ? " " Four," said he. " Name them," said the examiner. "The first, the second, the third, and the fourth," replied the boy. An English newspaper is credited with gravely assuring its readers that " the vine yards of South Australia, Queensland, and other parts of New South Wales are Buffering from the rapid growth and spread of rock wallaby, a native plant, the fruit oif which is much esteemed by the blacks. The settlers, however, regard the plant as a noxious weed." Apropos of Guy Fawkes' Say (November 5);—A pyrotechnist -at Pressburg, in Hun gary, while engaged in filling rockets with dynamite, allowed a few Bparka of fire to fall on his work-table. A fearful explosion at once ensued, and the house in which he -was working was completely demolished. The charred remains of the pyrotechnist were found beneath the rnins. 