GOOD CHEER! fBv the Rev. Theodoke L. Cotler, D.D.I The cheapest thing in the world—and tae most useless—is to say to persons who arc in trouble "Cheer up!" if you cannot do any thing for them. It is like saying to a hungry and shivering wretch "Be ye warmed and filled," without giving him either food or fire ; what doth it profit? Our Lord, on several occasions, said "Be of good cheer," and every time the magic words brought relief to the troublid and courage to the downcast. To the poor paralytic who was borne in before Him on a bed, the words signified both a healing of his sickness and the pardon of his sins. Any one can face the smaller evils of life with com posure when sin, the biggest and blackest evil of all, has been forgiveD, and a new hope of eternal life has been bestowed. There was one most memorable occasion on which Jesus brought succor and gladness by simply saying to His disciples through the night storm on Galilee, " Be of good cheer. It is I; be not afraid." Many of my readers may now be in a sore tempest of trouble. One is suffering perhaps from severe and protracted sickness. Another is under a heavy gale of commercial disaster; his canvas is ripping to shreds, and the to; sail3 of his prosperity have been swept clear from the spar3. Another one who haB a brood of fatherless children in the little boat is making a hard pull against a head sea of poverty. S'ill another—and a disciple, too—is in a midnight of spiritual despondency, and all the bright Btars of the promises seem to be bidden by gloomy clouds. There is many a boatload of disciples of the Master who are toiling at the oars in the teeth of-contrary winds. But the eye of that loving Master is on every one of {His children over all the wide sea of human experience. And the dark hour of a Christian's extremity is the bright hour of_ Christ's opportunity. At the very nick of time Jesus made His ap pearance to the tempest-tossed disciples on the sea of Galilee; for we read that in the'fourth watch of the night He came to them, walking on the foaming waves. We do not wonder that they mistook him for a ghost, and as His form approached through the darkness they cried out " It is a spirit! It is a spirit!" Straight way the old familiar voice comes sounding over the waves, "Bo of good cheer; it is I." The sea is like solid ground to his feet, and ai He steps into the boat the storm ceases in an instant. The overjoyed disciples fall at His feet and gratefully exclaim, "Truly Thou art the Son of God !" Is He any less than that now, and is Ho nob just as near to all of us His followers as He was then 1 My troubled friend, open the eye of your faith, and see if you cannot discern that blessed form through the storm. It is not an appa rition—a mere fiction of a piou3 fancy, as the scoffers taunt ns with. It is the veritable Son of God—our Elder Brother, who has been tried on all points as we are, yeb without sin. He comes to you not with the empty stereotyped formula, " Cheer up," such as a fellow-creature often utters, with no inclination or ability to help you. He comes with an infinite sympabhy backed by an infinite power. His sweet assu rance in, "Lo! I am with thee. I have redeemed thee, Thou art Mine. When thou passest through the waters I will be with thee, and they shall not overflow thee." Brother, sister, listen to that loving and omnipotent voice ! Receive Him into your storm-tossed little boat with open arms. No vessel ever swamped or foun dered yet with JeBUS Christ on board. No struggling soul, no struggling pastor, no struggling church or truly Christian enterprise has ever gone down when the Son of God has fairly planted His Divine foot within it. Let the storms come; if Jesus only comes with them and through them He will pilot you safely into port. What worse than folly, what Bin it is for a Christian to shut the eyes or stop the ears when Jesus is calling out: "Be of good cheer. It is I." That stormy night on Gennesareth was a part of the educa tion of the apostles for their great work after wards. Dark hours of trial are a precious por tion of our schooling. Storms are not sent upon true Christians to drown them or to wreck them, but to test their faith and to bring CbriBt to them. School-time will soon be over, brethren ; let ns not shirk one hard lesson, or loEe the benefit of one sharp discipline; and when the winds are howling and the waves are heaving, let us keep eyes and ears open for that glorious Jesus who can make both winds and waves to obey Him. Heaven lies ju3t bs hind the clouds. "Be of good cheer." 