IfilSTIIJSEFflfilTOP. "W 1 TOLD BY A MAN BEFORE THE MAST. V,fS»I known by the name of /lube, I vouch for the truth of the landsmen to re-. firiP f truth is often stranger than tJt6 if-683" 1 sailed from Ifiverpool in toe Witching Syren for Saa Francisco with a cargo. I don't ksow that the crew differed.- much from Mi» usual «ew of the Syren ; bat ihere was certainly one fflan who differed very much from all the mes3- Wes.we ever had. This was "Woeful Bill" least, we milled him bv that nam o — b i s real 55®® ?h the . ship's roll was William Spikay. looked struck-of-a-heapiEh like ; wouldn fc associate with any of us ; and was constantly pacing the darkest part of the aad arflning some point with Tris we didn't care for, and I was chosen to what you landsmen call " interview" him, and 6®to-hnpw what the deuce was the ' matter with him. We rather pitied him than "-other- Wiee, becausewe thought he was .suffering from some terrible misfortune. Well, one night I drew alongside Bill, who was just then m a very lively argument with 1 Mm self. 1 began by asking hiin what cargo he had in his mind, wtere he was 'bound for, etc. It; WaS "a dark T>io4if: xci+.b «. Tsnithr stiff 'nn blowing. After I had faothsred Mm a good bit with© at getting any reply, he suddenly stopped short and hissed in - my port u fm a murderer !" Every hair stood on" my head as stiff as a marlin spike, aad every one of my old timhsrs sMvered; but after getting breath a bit I began to talk to him. The upshot was this; On his last voyage he had pushed a mate over board during a storm. Why did he do it ? The man and Bill had fought-a day or two before, aud the mate had given Woeful Bill a goad thrashing ; that's all. I reported to my comrades, keeping secret, out of pity for Woeful Bill, the fact that he had " intentionally" pushed the man over- " Well, we soon all forgot this little incident, for the weather began -to be stiflish directly we : got into Mae water, and we had quite enough to do without thinking about Woeful Bill. ' Nick Benson came to us one night, looking skeered, and told us he had heard en unearthly . voice from the foretop shouting, ""Lookout, below!" We all laughed at Nick, and the matter dropped for a day or two, though, dash me if I could get it out of my head ; and I noticed the others gave the foremast as wide a berth as possible after nightfall. Rick B ;nson came to us again one night just after eight bells (midnight), and told us the same yarn. This time he looked properly struck of a heap. We had a regular confabula- tion &Dout; ic, and we ail agreed to assemble next night at eight bells round the foremast. Just as the eighth bell sounded, by the living Jingo ! a weird voice cried out— Look out, below I4' It wasn't a whisper, either. Every man's hair rose straight np, except the boson's, who ' was baldheaded, yon know. Meantime, the skipper most have been giving orders, for down | he comes from the poop in a devil of a tantrum, using any amount of bad language. The bosun explained matters, and the skipper called us a pack of demented jackasses. It's not nice to be rated a jackass, but a demented jackass was too bad, and I'm afraid we used some bad lan guage about it. The same thing took place every night, till wr 11 fait unite basnurerered. A« snva as fiicrhf. bells went, the strange voice would shout from the foretop— " Lookout, below !" Every man Jack refused to go aloft. The skipper called the boeun, and says he— "'Bosun, you've sailed with me above a voy age or two.1 Now, what do you call th&?" (meaning the refueai of the men te go aloft). " I calls Lt a ghost, sir," said the bosun. " Ghost he hanged, sir; I caH it mntiny on the high seas !" roared the skipper. " But FU settle this thing; bosun, tomorrow night muster all hands at the foremast before eight bells — all hands, mMd." Accordingly, just before eight be Isnex night we had- all mustered at the foremast. The skipper and first officer bed loaded revolver. The ship's roll was called, aad every one answered except the man at the wheel. Just as the eight bells began to sound' I saw the skipper and first officer raise their barking irons to cover the foretop ; but tee strange voice, more energetic than ever, cried out ; Look out b=l"ow !" It was a caution. The ghost was evidently getting rather vexed. Our knees simply knocked together like so many weaving machines. The skipper then roared out : "Let go P And down upon the deck, with a tremendous fTtmh from the foretop, dropped a long iron- bound box or locker. Indeed, Nick Benson says to this day it was a coffin. As soon as the box touched the deck its lid flew open, sho wing that it was empty; Now, I had seen the skipper when our ship was breaking under us on a reef of rocks, but he never quailed; btiifi when this box came down he just looked, a hit ekeered, but only for a minute. He said: "Now, men, this bos has evidently come tor a. carsro. There's some skunk aboard tee "Witching Syren. Fll get in and see if it's tor mft." So saying, he got in; Then the first officer got in, and so on until every man jack had been in the box. " Bosun," who's at the whed?" Woaful M, rir." " Relieve hifflj aod fetohhnnhere." Assoon as Woriai Bilteavr tee box, and tee skipper told him to getin, he drew his knife and put himself in fighting attitude, threatening to do for anybody who oarae near him; but tee skipper kept quite cooL_ Covering Woeful Bill, with his revolver, he said : « I am. commander of this ship. X will you three minutes' grace ; if yon don't get into that hor, wMeh wehae all been In; HI teoot you dead as a rattan;" Woeful Bill paused a bit, and teen seemed Jriwat; he gotinto the box in A jiffey. As ' soon as he was inside, the lidsf tee box came dowh with snrii a crash teat we thought every i tenber in the ship waa shivered. As trne to . I live. Father Neptune , boarded us "at tew seized the b«»c ky the handle igitk fons hand, and jumped overboard with it. We never saw Wpef ul Bill again. 