' A COURT MASQUERADE IN RUSSIA. I (BY THE AUTHOR two THE BALTIC LETTERS' | IN SONORA. b MAGAREY.) "The -Emperor Nicholas's mania for mas- querade is extended, violent volens, to his chief officers old and young, grave and gave all have to dance to the same time. I Boora recognised a poor man in gorgeous uniformed whom I knew to be sinking under the weight , or a domestic affliction which was the talk of j Petersburg He had lost, by scarlet fever,' five children out of six He looked like all ghost ( i ghost under the light of seventy-five enormous chandeliers), but did not venture to be absent I went to him and took his arm This, my first initiation! into the mysteries of "intriguing," was out of rule And ) yet not quite so for it will readily be believed that though most people enter these walls with light hearts and lighter purposes, yet that some are there on anxious errands It is so needful to let the Czar or his chief functionary know facts which, cannot otherwise be conveyed to them, that the disguise is assumed to plead either the ignorance or the extenuating circumstances of some loved and long upon correct one, and is known to have been, so done with success Hnppil), poor Baron SA's sorrow could be assuaged by no cm this despot. He looked mournfully at me, and only said, " Vous me fuites trop d'honneur madame, your mc trousered un tres triste compagnon " At all events he found me a sympathising one. tor 1 ventured to speak from my heart's abundance, and uKeci a few earnest words we parted with a warm! shake of the hand. He ought to have recognised me, for we had met before, but the sad preoccupation of his thoughts inter possess a more effective barrier than even my musk How a) good Russian friends would have quizzed mc for going to a masquerade to console a poor man for the loss of his children. so I kept that episode to myself. I now caught sight of my) kind host, Count B-, and knowing that he inspired almost as much awe us his Imperial master, I took his arm as a harbour of refuge " 1 known on, ' he said " Madame de S - is in that division," pointing to a dense crowd at one of the doors " Keep aloof from her Have you may name the Emperor' "No, indeed; I should be frightened to death." "No need for that, there came, you will find him as gentle as a lamb And he likes tall women although he has not a regiment of them, like Frederick the Great " But Madame de 8- has attacked him already. I saw her on his aim " VII the more fun, he said ' you will m) s til) him the better. Iromiscine I gave no promise Ihefuvounte v unit) of Hussions-that of: speaking foreign languages - comes into play) of course, at a mask d bull, as a means; of discovering the nationality) and also, to a certain degree, the social position of the musk 1 went through a regular catechism on that point more than once For example madame, your parcel le Francois., vessel seen ' "Aussie beer que vous, monsieur -" Ali ' H petite impertinence ! Mina galvanic li pa russia (parler vous le russe') îvcmenoschko (slightly) " Unit, speeches Sie Deutsch auch '' 'Ja well, and besser vile She -' I score a petite impertinence it I Italians ' Si, ma piece -a "It possiblement lb sugar ' ' 'No much Vii ! your acts are rare polyglot. Mais I burglars' A leetle On your qllC ROUS II lets pass four (bills I AllgllllS. lant mieux pour vous, madame! boys contents cest be people le plus detestable in monde This would have been too much for a saint So 1 broke out, "No, sir, I beg: your pardon, the best, the noblest, the wisest, theJrecnt-iou know what I mean the feet' in the world Mr adversary stood speechless with astonishment, and a slight niiirniur,iiotofiIiaapprobution arose from the crow i collected round us us I turned away Doubtless some sp)- for these gentry are; known to frequent masquerades and to speak; as I languages made a note for future use of a tall woman inablack domino,undwith usually foot, who endeavoured to incite the lieges, against the Government This is a specimen of the billies which pass for wit Many minutes had not elapsed before I was cross questioned again, and again elected to dis- own my) native tongue When a grave looking ¡.ciitlcmiiu who stood by said, Madame I will tell you one thing as you may pretend not to speak 1 English, but, (Defendant You are and english women of reliable You have betrayed yourself b) yOur 'Oh no I Oh our!" Only the English use the interjection ' oh to everything Oh how nice I 'Oh' how pretty) ' I have unmasked you here -I could only ejaculate as I was bound to do, Oh yes' We both laughed heartily), which ingredients I) attracted a crowd, glad of an) crumbs of amusement in this dullest of all places, and while he related the story I made off followed by vociferous repetitionsoE Ohye, Oh, no "Oh ! how meet 