Mrs.- Jones' Tramp. M*r Jones frequently boasted among his friends th?t his wife 'was a, woman without nerves, and never" had hysterics like some people he could name. And he was right. Mrs Jones, as every body knows was a sensible, healthy, well balanced woman 'with no nonse nee about her. She isn't.afraid to sit up all.night .when Jeptha is at the club, and she miakes it lively for him whei' he gets home in the morning. A man who wouldn!t. appreciate a woman like that isn't a little bit of good. But Mrs Jones began to think that per haps she was a' little too self-reliant and helpful, and that Mr Jones was' inclined to shirk those lover-like attenions '-which had once been the runshine of her life. "Too bad about that poor little Mrs Sim son," said Jones the other night'ashe ate his supper.' *" What's the matter with her?" asked Maria coldly: ':Didn't you hear about it ? She was alone in the house .whed a tramp' "ivalked in and demanding "money, frightened- her almost to death," " Hasn't she sense, erough to lock the doors when she's alone 1" inquired .Mrs Jones. " She gave him all the money in the house and then screamed until the-neighbours heard her.'" . "Why didn't she do her screamin firet ? i're no patience with iuch woiuen," con tinued Mrs Jones.' "Maria', you must remember that you are different from otber women. Yn? can.take care of yourself. Mrs Simson is one of those timid, clinging litile creitures whi6 are afiiid of their own shadows. When her husband went home he found all 'the neighbors at the house and his wife in hytterics.;' .I'I'm, a nice kind of a wife that for a man to have." -" IMaria, you have no Sympathy; You think because you have -no-nerves that no other woman has any. The majority of women are clinging, timid things, arid. such an experienco.ftigutens them out of all self. control, Then Mt Jones took his hat. and went down to the office, where he had, some work to do, telling his wife to ring him up if any one dropped in for r. game of whist. Mrs Jones gave the girl permission to go out; then she locked up the.house and sat down to her sewing. She wasn't afraid, nor lonely, nor nervous, but she was thinking. " Clinging, timid creatures? H'm I I'd like to know what some of them find to cling to; *Poor little Mrs. Sioeion.' Endearing diminutives. Evidently Mrs Simeon isn't anybody's fool. I wish 1 cling more. if 1 were going to be born atain, i'd be a clinger next time, and scream if I saw my shadow. What's that?" It was a sharp distinct noise in the kit. ohen- Mrs Jooes did not stand' on the order of her going, but went at once. She took her table lamp with her, and as she stepped: across the threshold confronted the intruder. Her heart went down into her boots. " Wretch I" she exclaimed ; "how did you get in'? You must have been hidden in the house.' Oh.l mercy save me! help I" Mr Jones was sitting in his offise hard at work smoking like a factory chimney when his telephone rung. "Hello," he called, " who wants me?" There was a faint and ghostly whisper of " Jeptha." lie rung up and rung up, and at last he made out that Mrs Jones was in mortal peril and needed his immediate return. This was something so unusual that it bothered Jones a good deal. -,It can't be the grip," he thought; "it wouldn't dare to attack Maria." He hurried to his house and let himself in hy a- latch key. Mrs Jones was in violent hysterics. " What has happened ?" he asked. " Are you hurt, Marial" i No, only frightened," gasped Mrs Jones, swooning at sight of him, He ran for the camphor, but found a bottle of alcohol instead and.applied it liberally. SIn a few moments Maria began to scream, all the time clinging convulsively to Mr. Jones, "Don't claw me so," he said, jerking his coat from her hands. " I thought you had more sense than to go into fits over any. thing. What was it anyhow-the tramp ?" " Mercy, no I Worse, a thousand'times worse," said IMrs Jones, feebly resuming the perpendicular. Burglars ?" Worse than burglars."' " It wasn't a ghost, was it ?" asked Jones, looking behind him. " Oh,: no, Mr. Jones, you don't think a ghost would h'ave frightened me. No, it wis-a-greac, awful monue 1" In view of what followed, Mrs Jones thinks she will never try the clinging act again. She says she neverlistened to such lIang~ae in her life, 