ftales aud Jfeetcfees. [NOW FIRST ^BUSHED.] Alone on 'a Wide, Wide Sea! AN OCEAN MYSTERY; BY \V. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'A' Sea Queen,' 'JffLc Golden Hope,' 'The Wreck of theGrosvenor,' 'The Death Ship^V^fy Danish Sweet [,UX EIGHTS itESEKVEP.] Chapter XVUL^CtoHtuHtfrf. J I listened wBilat I stared at him. Indeed the confusion of my wind was so great that I scarcely grasped bis meaning. Be observed my bewilderment and said : ' The matter 'may be thus simply pat : Mr. Harris is willing to* offer yon his hand in marriage. He is capable of supporting you, and will I ain convinced, prove an excellent husband. By making yon his wife, he secures you against thsrtf uture which looks at present dork and hopeless. He is willing to wave all considerations of your, antecedents. In that, Mias C, he tells me he hopes for the beat.'* He added, after a pause, after viewing me steadfastly, ' I have fulfilled my promise, and desire to do oo more. In Mr. Harris yoa have met with a man who is willing and anxious, in the most honourable way, to provide for your f otart.' ' I will cot marry Mr. Harris,' said I. u It is a question for your own decision alone,' he answered.. ' I would sooner die in one of the miserable %syloma he talked about than marry Mr. Harris,' I cried. * Captain LadmoTe arched his eyebrows, and made me a grave bow as though lie would say, there is an enA of the matter. ** I am sure the man tneans kindly,' slid L my eyes beginning to smart with team, winch I could not suppress, ' but k renders my situation truly awful to understand that you and Mr. Harris consider I. stand in need of the sort of assistance your first mate offers.' ?' Remember, inadam.' said Oaptain Lad more, gently, ' that on your Arrival in England yon will need a friend if you are still unable by thattxme to tell us who your friends are, and to what .part of the -world yon belong.'* * ; j ' I would far rather die than accept Mr. Harris* offer,' said I with a shudder. ' Let us then aHow the matterto rest,' said the Captain, '.no harm has been done. n ' How dare he anake such a proposal through yoa?' cried L 'He may mean well, but how does he know who I am?' ' He is willing to take all risks,*4 said the Captain, 'bat you do not entertain his pro posal, therefore the matter ends.** We both rose at once. * ' Yod have .shown me the greatest kindness since I have been on board,*9 .said I, 'and some further great kindness yet I will ask of you. It is that as the master of 'this ship yon will command' Mr. Harris not to speak to me about marriage,' 'I will do so,' said he. 'I will beg yoa to command him to hold aloof from me, for I wish to have nothing to say to him.** The captain- bowed his head affirmatively. 'And will you also command him. Captain Ladmore,' I exclaimed, ** not to whispu a syllable of what tEa^iaaaed?' . ' Yon may trust hi*H bo hold hiw tongue,' said he* smiling. ' Were the news of his having made this offer through you to reach the passengers, I could never hold up uiy head again, I could not bear to quit jny berth.' 'The secret shall be entirely ours,' said the Captain. '~ I hurriedly made my way through Uie saloon, entered my berth in the steerage, closed and bolted the door, and flung myself into my bunk. I bad wept in the Captain's founded to shed dears; though I longed for the relief of them. There was a sort of horror, too, upon me, snch a feeling as might possess a woman who had met with a shocking insult ; and yet I knew that no insult had been offered to me, so that the horror which was upon me was as inscrutable as ever the emotion had been at other times. There is no occasion for me to refine upon my condition ; the psychologist might well laugh at my speculations ; vet I will venture to say this, that when I look hack and re collect my feelings at this time, then, knowing that I was without memory to excite in me the detestation with which I had listened to Captain Ladmpre's- communication of Mr. Harris' oner, I cannot doubt that the wild owin£ to the memory of ittntiiid — a memory that may have no more to do with the brain than a deep-rooted habit has to do with the consciousness. But not to dwell upon this. I sat .motion* less on my bed for I know not how long a time, thinking and thinking ; I then bathed my face and cooled my hands in water, and stood at the opeu window to let the draught caused by the rolling of the ship breathe upon me, and thus I. passed tbe afternoon. Shortly before the first dinner-bell rang Mrs. Richards knocked on my door. I bade her enter. She tried tlie handle, and found the bolt shot. This was unusual, and ou entering she gazed at me with attention. Sue asked me what the matter was, and I answered that the heat had caused tny head to ache, and that I had Iteen lying down. No doubt she per ceived an expression on my face which told her that sbraeth ing more than a headache ailed me, but she did not press her questions. She had come to say that Mrs. Lee sent her love, and wished to know what had become of me during the afternoon. *' I hope to sit with Mias Lee this evening,1' said L, 'but I shall not dine at the dinner table.' ' Then I will bring you some dinner here,' said she, aud after we had conversed a little wjiile about the bent of the weather and about Alice Lee, the kind uiotherlv little wotiun left me. I could not rally iny spirits. The mere thought of what Captain Ladmore had said to me induced a feeling of crushing humiliation ; and then there was that deep, mysterious, impenetrable emotion of loathing which I have before mentioned. Oh, it was shocking to think that iny condition should be so cruelly forlorn as to challenge an offer of marriage from such a man as Mr, Harris. Nothing could have made me more bit terly under stand how helpless I was, how hopeless, how lonely. I sought couifort in tbe recollection of Alice's words ; but not only did it miserably dispirit me to think that the dear girl must die before the wish she expressed could take effect ; I was haunted ^by the Captain's language — that the world was cold — that' tbe kindly intentions of shipboard acquaintance were not often very lasting -that when people stepped ashore after a voyage the memories they carried with them speedily perished out of their minds. I ate a little of the dinner that Mrs. Richards brought me, but, I had not the heart to leave my cabin. I felt as though I had been terribly degraded and outraged, and my inability to understand why I should thus feel when all the while I was saying to myself nothing but kindness was meant, do insult could possibly be intended — I say my inability to understand the dark, subtle protest and loathing and sense of having been wronged that was in my mind, half crazed me. Twice Mrs. Richards arrived witha message first from Mrs. Lee and then from Alice, inviting me to their cabin, but I answered that my head ached and that I did notfeel well ; and when tbe door was closed I stood at the porthole breathing die air that floated warm off the dark stagnant waters and watching the stars reel to the sluggish motions of the vessel. Presently I heard the sound of a bell ; I counted the chimes— they were eight : and so I knew the hour to be eight. Just then, some one gently knocked on the door ; it was not the stewardess* feinilar rap. I said 'Come in,' and the door was opened. 'All in the. dark, Agnes?' exclaimed the voice of Mrs. Lee. ' What is the matter with you, my dear t Why have you not come to Alice, who has been expecting to Bee you all the evening?' ' I am so low-spirited, dear Mrs. Lee, that I am not fit company for Alice,' I answered. ' Will yon light the lamp,' said she, 'that we may see each other ?' I lighted the lamp and sue closed the door and seated herself, viewing me steadily and takiug no notice of the interior of tbe berth, though this was ber first viol to these steerage quarters '* Von look pale,' said she ; ' pale and worried. Are yoa really ill, or is it tbe mind? Tell me, mv dear. The mind might be making a great effort that affects you like physical sickness would, but it may be the very effort to pray for.** I had felt that nothing could induce me to confess what bad passed ; but the tenderness of her voice and manner broke me down. Her sudden presence made me actually feel the need of sympathy. But my heart was too full of speech. I to-t her hand and, bowing my head upon U, wept. She did not speak whilst I sobbed, but soothingly caressed my hair with a touch soft and comforting as her daughter's. After ft while 1 grew composed, and then, with my face averted, I told her that the Captain had sent for me after lunch and I repeated to her the offer Mr. Harris had requested him to make to me. She listened attentively, and, on my ending, exclaimed: ' WcIL my dear, it is a proposal of marriage as extraordinary in its manner of reaching yoa as the whole character of the man who made it. But what is there in it to cause you to fret and keep yjuroeli locked up in this daik place?' ' It affects me as a dreadful insult.** 'But why? It is not meant as au insult. Captain Ladmore is not a man to suffer one of his officers to insult you through liiui.' ' I cannot explain, Mrs. Lee. This offer of marriage lias shocked me as though it had been some horrid outrage, and I do not know why.' She sat, silently regarding me. ' But that is not all,' I continued. ' The loathing, the horror the offer has caused is too deep, I feel that it is too deep to be owing merely to tbe offer. Some sense, lying in black ness within uie, has been shocked and outraged. But that is not all : the ofler has made me feel how lonely I am, bow utterly hopeless uiy future must be if my memory does not return ' It is very strange,' said she, ' that you should feel that this extraordinary recoil as of it were, but from bis offer.' ' Vou exactly express it,' I exclaimed : *' it is not the man but the proposal which 611s me with loathing.1' ' And you do not understand why this should be ?' said she. ' No, because the man means kindly. He approached me even wit i delicacy through the Captain. There is nothing which should make me loathe him.' ' And still his offer fills you with horror an I disgust ?' She survey etl me for a while, lightly running her eye over me with an expression of inquiry. She then said, ' Do you remember what that gipsy woman told you ?' I reflected aud answered, 'She told me much that I remember.' 'She told you,' said she, 'that you were a married woman. What else she said matters not. But she told you. Agues, that yon were married, and that you have left a husband who wonders and grieves over your absence. ' I drew a deep tremulous breath, not know ing what meaning she had in her mind. ' From what you have now told me,' she continued, ' I am diBposed--mind. my dear, I only say disposed— to believe that the gipsy woman may be right.' ' From what I have now told you !' I echoed. ' What can cause this deep recoil in you from Mr. Harris's offer? What can occasion your detestation of it and the bitter feeling of shame? Tt cannot be the offrr of the man ! possible. There is hardly a woman who would not find something in such an offer of marriage made by such a man under such conditions to laugh at. No honourable offer of marriage can fill a woman with loathing. A man can pay a woman no higher compliment than to a&k; her to be his wife, and no woman, therefore, is to be unutterably outraged, as you tell me you arc, by the highest compliment our sex can receive. Nor is it as thougn Mr. Harris were a monster, of a figure and face to justify the disgust his offer has excited. What then, is the reason of tliis abhorrence ?' She sank into a reverie, during which I watched her almost breathlessly. 'I shall not be at all surprised, Agnes,' s*id she, presently, 'ifyonprovetobea married woman in spite of your not wearing a wedding ring. There most be a reason for your not wearing a wedding ring, and some of these days, please God, you will be able to account for its missing from your finger. I believe, yes, I earnestly believe,' abe went on, looking at me eagerly in tbe eyes, ' that your antipathy to this offer, the sense of insult that baa attended this offer arises from a rebellion of tbe instinct* which possess the truth, though they are unable to communicate it to the intelligence. The impression of marriage — the great momentons step of every woman's life— is too deep to perish. Your secret horror, your unaccountable loathing is the subtle and unintelligible revolt of your chastity as a wife against an offer that is an insult to that chastity. I believe this, my dear. I do indeed.' ' Oh God r I cried, and my bursting heart could find no other vent than that cry of 'Oh God!' 'Von must not be distressed,' continued the dear little woman, caressing my hand, ' because our speculations should be tending the right way. Suppose we are able to satisfy ourselves that you are a wife: the knowledge will be a distinct gain, something to employ with profit on our return to England. But to be able to form no ideas whatever about yoa, my dear . . And now I wish to say a word abont your future. Can you believe, that after our association on board this ship, after the friendship between you' and tny darling child, I could bear to lose sight of yoa on oar return home? . . Bat you have been so much upset, by what has happened to day that I will not talk to yon now about the futnre. Come with me to Alice,' said she, rising ; ' It is not long after eight, she has been wanting yoa all the after noon and evening, and will be glad if you will And now happened another interval of ship board life, during which there occurred nothing of interest enough to trouble you with. That Captain Ladmore had delivered tny answer to Mr. Harris, and that he had also requested, perhaps commanded, his first officer to trouble me no further with his attention, I could not doabt ; for when next morning I met Mr. Harris at the breakfast table I never once caught him looking my way. The twist of bis mouth seemed a little dryer than usual, and his countenance might generally express a slight increase of acidity of feeling ; nevertheless, he talked somewhat more freely than was commonly his custom, was attentive to what was said, and appeared to direct his eyes at everybody but at me. His behaviour made me easy, tbe more so since I was sure he would not talk of what had passed, so that the ridiculous, and, to me, the humiliating incident, would be known to nobody on board excepting the Lees and the Captain of the ship. And here I may as well say — for it is time that I should dismiss the few shadowy figures which fiit between tL is part of my storv and the sequel — that ever after, whilst I remained ou board the /W -7a**fe, the behaviour of Mr. Harris remained the same ; that is to say, he never looked at me ami never accosted inc. If I approached that part of the deck where he was standing he instantly walked away. For a day or two after I had received his ' offer '' I would briefly salute hiui with a II Good morning ' or some each phrase if we had not before met in the day, but lie never turned his eyes to my face nor answered me, nor took any notice of we, for which beliaviour in him, as you may suppose, I was truly thankfuL And yet, somehow, he so contrived his manner that bis downright cutting of me, if I may so express it, was much less notice able than his conduct bad been whilst, as I may suppose, be was making up his mind to offer me marriage. Nobody remarked upon his behaviour — I never, indeed, heard a whisper about it. He was indeed an extraordinary person in his way. I suffer my memory to dwell briefly upon him before he sulks ghost-like off the little stage of my dark and memorable expe rience. I have uo doubt whatever he was in earnest in his desire to marry me : and I have since understood that it was in the power of Captain Ladmore to have united us, for it seems that amongst the privileges enjoyed by the master of a merchant vessel is the right to solemnise holy matrimony, and to make two people one as effectually as though they were tied together by a clergvtnau on shore. I often recall thu poor man and speculate on his i motive. It would be ridiculous to feign that he had fallen in love with me : my face and 1 thiu white hair must have preserved him from that passion. He might indeed have ? imagined in me certain intellectual graces and qualities and fallen in love with his own ideal Was it pure goodness of heart that caused him to take pity on my lonely and helpless con dition ? Or — the notion having been put into bis head by Sir Frederick Thompson— did he secretly believe that I belonged to a fine old family, that his marriage to me would connect bim with people of tide and wealth, and that for all he knew when my memory returned I would be able to tell him that he Lad married a. fortune or enough momey at all events to release him from a calling which he appeared to hate? His strange offer of marriage, however, re snlted in persuading me that 1 was m. married woman. It would never have entered my head to imagine such a thing but for Mis. Lee, aud then when I came to think over her words, and to reason upon the horror that had visited me whilst I listened to Captain Lad more, there grew up in my mind a strong not a discovery. Indeed, as a auriniie it was no more helpful to my memory H'n the little city knight s assurance that I was a member of the house of Calthorpe ; and yet it could not have affected me more had it been a discover}'. I would lie awake for hours daring the night thinking of it. When I was with Alice my mind would wander from the book I read alond to her from, or my attention would stray from, her language whilst my whole intellectual tying sank as it were into tbe black chasm of memory, where the mind with sightless vision would go on fruitlessly groping until the useless quest grew at times into so keen a torment that often I was convinced I should go mad. Again and again .when alone in iny berth I took down the little mirror, as I bad been used to do in the earlier passages of this experience, and sitting with it in my hands in a posture that brought light flowing through tbe porthole on to my face so that die reflec tion of ray countenance lay brilliantly in the mirror, I wonld peruse my lineaments, search mine own eyes, dwell upon the turn of my lipe, and all the while I would be asking my self with a soft whisper, bnt with a heart racked with the anguish of hopeless inquiry — Who am I? Can it be that I am a wife t Oh God ! what is it which seems to assure me that Mrs. Lee's belief that lama wife is true? And then I would Bay to myself whilst I sat gazing at my face in the mirror, If I am a wife. I tny have children. Can it be that there are children of mine own in the unknown home in the unknown country from which God has banished me in blindness ? that there are children there whose mother I atfi. who call me mother, who have cried for me in the day and in the night as their mother who bad gone from them ? Can it be so, I would ask myself? Aud then I would bend the ear of my mind to the mute lips of my dead or sleeping memory, and imagination would strain within me to cry or laugh, that would remind me and give me back the image of what; since I now believed myself a wife, I imagined that I bad lost. 