BRITISH AND FOREIGN. During 1899 tlioro were built in tho United Statos 8,560 churches. Mrs. Jacob Bright hns becomo nn associate of tlio Tlicosophiciil Socioty. Miss Bright is a raombor. Tlio Archbishop of York is said to have in vited n number of young graduates to go to Bisliopthorpo this yoiu-, wlion ho will undertake tlio starting of n theology college, or of a band of young men trained .undor his oyo nt tho Enlace, as tho lata Bishop Liglitfoot did at hirliam, Tho correspondent of tlio London Times in Rome says thnt tho recent colebratioii of low mass by tho 1'opo in the presence of 26,009 foreign pilgrims and others, in St. Peter's, was tho most imposing public ceremony that has beon soen in the capital since its occupation by the Italians in 187U. Lord Stamford preached in St. Botolph's Oliuroh, Aldersgato, on November 18, in his capacity of a diooesnn lay reader. Ho wore a surplice with tho hood of an Oxford M.A., and tho badge of the new ordor. Tho subjeet of tho sermon, which wss especially addressed to business men, was "Foreign Missions." Tlio population of tlio Fiji Islunils is esti mated at 123,000. Of theso 103,775 attend tho services of tho Wesleyan churches, nnd about 10,000 arc Catholics. Thoro are 40,000 ohiltlron in the schools, under tlio care of 1 , 005 teachers, and there are 10 European missionaries, 72 nativo . ministers, 40 oatccliists, 1,838 local preachers. This is tho way an American minister prayed recently for some of hiB flock : " O Lord, wo pray that, tlio exoursion train going east on the Hunnibat and St. Joseph railroad this morning may not run off the trnok and kill nuy nhurch members that may be on board. Church mout hers on Sunday excursions nro not in condition to die," &n.; Miss Rose, of tho Zenana Missionary Society, fjave an interesting nddress, illustrated by imoiight views, on the work of the society at a crowded meeting hold at the Churoh Hnnso, Denbigh, on Norombor 17. Miss Rose gave a vivid accouut of lifo in India, and also spoke of tho manner in which tho labour of tbo socioty could bo supported. Tlio inoome of tlio Amoricnn Board of Com missioners for Foreign Missions, recently held its imnuul meeting ut Pittsfield (Mass.), was 821,612 dollars. Tho board asks for around million of dollnrs for next year. Tlio liberality of converted Chinamen in Boston in putting to shame ninny American Christians, tho average amount received from them per convert being 11 dollars, though tlioy give largely to other religious enterprises. , The Scandinavian Lutheran bodies united last year to form tho United Norwogiau Synod. Tho second convention of this body has nwntly been held, and it is found that tbo union has so far worked harmoniously nud without friction. Tho synod has 241 pustors, 830 congregations, 150,000 communicant mem- bora, it aynodical fund of £22,000. Fifty now congregations wore received and 26 young mon wore ordained at tho mooting. Tho Wesley memorial chair, prcscuted by Christ Church College of Oxford to the American-University nt Washington, U.S.A., was made out of an 'oaken beam taken from tlio old City rend Chapel in London, wliioli was founded by John Wesley. It is constructed in tlio old English stylo, higb- bnoked anil capaci ous, heavy and massive. Tlio hnok is sur mounted by a spread-eagle, heuring on its breast tho coat-of-arms of tho United States. The arms represent winged lions, whilo on the bulk is a medallion bond of John Wosloy. Tlio upholstering iR in embossed leather. Miss May Riddall, daughter of tho Rev. W. Bid dull, D.D., lias boon granted a studentship of £75 a year for four yeiira to onnble hor to quality herself for medical mission, work from the Society fur Promoting Christian Knowledge. Miss May Riddall is 21 yenrs of ago, nnd iutonds to study mcdieino at Glasgow, and afterwards to go out under tho Churoh Mis sionary Society. A similar studentship lias iikowiso been granted to Miss Ella Steel, who desires to work in India in commotion with tlio Delhi Zenana Mission. Miss Steel has passed tho first, university examination of the Dublin University, and is desirous now of taking tho M.B. degree at London Univorsity. A trustworthy computation has now been mado as to tlio rcsultB of the rcesnt Salvation Arniy "Boif-douial week." About £22,000 has been subscribed by tho United Kingdom, £17,000 of this by Salvationists, tbo rest By the pnblio. As coroparod witli last yoar, thero is an iiioroaso in the Salvationist contributions, and a deareaso on those of the goncral pnblio. IsiBt yoar tho whole proceeds of "solf-donial week " amounted to £30,000. When tho foreign contributions tiro ascertained, it is cx- poeted tlmt tlio gross total will amount to about £33,000, or £3,000 advnuoo on last year. Tlio fact that Mr. Booth has obtained £10,000 in Australia in aid of his social eehome has grat ified, but not surprised, his chief olfiocrs in London, for, next to England, the Salvationists claim that they have made tho most progress in Aus tralia. In "Tlio Review of tho Churohes" for Novombor tlioro is published the conohision of its " Bound Tablo Conference," in which authori ties so widely parted In temperament and doo- trino as Cardinal Manning, Dr. Mnrtiuoau, nnd Dr. A. B. Bruce stato their views on the subjeot of " Tho Reunion of Christendom." Aftor re minding his readers of the Oatholio dootrine of tho universality of grace, Cardinal Manning goes on to say: "Thus far, I oan lav a basis on which to write and to hdpo xvith all your con tributors. Wo belicvo that the .Holy Ghost broathos throughout the world, and gathers into union with God, and to eteriial life, all thoso who faithfully cq-opornte with His light and graoo. None are responsible for dying inenl- pably out of tho visiblo Body of tho Church. Thoy only aro oulpablo. who knowingly and wilfully rejcot its divino voioo wlion sufficiently known to thorn. ' But I must not go on, for you - aro seeking union in agreements, and I havo no will to strike a discordant notot" Ho continues: ",I have two groat advantages. I oah: liopo and embrace you in tho Soul' of the Church, /and I oan rejoico iu all, and gladly Share in many of your good works. " : Dr. Mnr- tineau oxpressos tho beliof that no Be-union of ' Christendom' can, take place . till the dogmatio basis ''of Ohukoh organisation has been aban doned. 