The Story of a Portrait. It was the portrait of a lovely girlish face, blooming as a fresh June rose just opening to the sunlight and the breeze; a happy face, whose red lips, curled and dimpled in a winning smile, and whose brown eyes held the veritable sunshine of the heart imprisoned in their softly-laugh ing depths. It was well painted too-ex ceedingly well painted. A feeooling of sur prise stole over me. How came this un framed gem--a thing of evident merit and value-upon this poor and humble cottage wall 2 "Admiring Nellie's picture, ain't you, ma'an 7" said a gentle voice beside me. " Most folks do that. My daughter's por trait, ma'am, taken at seventeen.' The speaker was my landlady, a gentle, kindly woman, ignorant-so far as books and schools were concerned-but wise by the experiences of a pure though suflfering life, and foll of good Christian thoughtand kindly feeling. She stood looking at the portrait with a loving smile. "The only child God ever gave me, ma'am, and my heart was set on her. All the more so that I lost her father while she was still a babe. Of course, I spoiled her. I was but a silly womn:l, not half so rich in colm mlon sense as I wa.s in love. She was all I had in the world when my husband died, and I spoiled her. - " I'll tell you her story, if you like, thile., story of that ,ortrait. It was painted by a olung lover of hers. She had two of tlhem, Paul Willis antl Dick Lisle. Two of thes, did I sdy i Sheo had dozens. Thecre wasn't a young fellow between our farm and tile learest rtown that wasn't ill lose with smy girl. She might have had her pick and choice of the boys through the countriyside. Bust although one or two of thenm were well-to-do and handsome, she turned her pretty nloe iup at theml all. And that suited rme right well. I wasn't in any hurry t, part with my beautiful child. Blesides, when the timlle should comlle forl hesr hi, mlarry, I knew who 1 wanted for her husband--Dick Lisle, the orphan child of ny. old blsom friend and schoolfellow. I lis father and my husband had bcn lirim, friends, too, andi when, at lifteen, he was left an orphaul. who should take charge of him lint inc ? Nell was tlhen twelve years ohl, and I sent her to boarding school. It was hard to part, (Cod knows, but I bore it, as I woulld have borne anything, for her good. It didu't seem to mle that our village school vwas good enough for Illy hlandsome girl, who wae to be an heircss :s.ume day in a msode rate way, besides being a beauty. "I grew very fondl of Dick. lie was company for me ill the first cruel loneli ness of parting from my girl, alnd cheered. me utp, and scented anlmost like a soil to Inme. Then it was that 1 Ibeg.an to 1plan their imarriage-a? marriage that, instead of taking rIv darling child away front meto would keelsp her for ever at Mime. The lad had a nice little portion, too, anl swas steady, andl good, and handsoime. It seemed to me that lie must lilld firvour ill her eyes. Theemore I tiought of it the more my heart got set oil it, till it grew to be the favorite idea and object of my life. Andl every slIlsInser when Nell cause home she seemed to grow mnore sweet and beau tifiil. I was - so blinded by my love and pride that I never noticed, never thought of, one natural rcsult of her gnild train ing. She wasi getting to he something of i fine lady nosw, and loc~ked down a little on lher- old life and companions. "But when she came home for good at last I did obseerv rtai clhalte in her. She haid lost her o0l gay spirits, 1 thought, and seemned quiet, and even i-ad. Dick thought his love-making anuiyedl her. 'She only thinks of 1e as a brother or a friend,' he said to me, sorrowfully, and he began to grow very despondent, for he loved her with his whole heart. But I wouldnlt hear of that. I had made up my mind, in these five years, that he and no potize s.hmnht-armotsry-echild:- She's shy,' said I; 'that's just all. Leave me to reason with her.' And I said to myself, tihe child doesn't know her ovw heart. Of cosurseahe loves him. When she knows how her smother's heart is set on it she'll marry Dick, and bless me for it afterwards.' " So I talked to her. I ought to have told you that Paul Willis had arrived some three weeks before thlis, ald was boarded with us. lie had just finished her portrait there and given it to me, and I was greatly taken with himi. IHe was a handsome fellow, with a graceful boyish way about him that was sure to win a wou)an's liking. Nellie had introduced him to us as a friend whom she had known at school.. She grew very pale while I talked, and began to tremble quite piti fully. ' I can't, mothel,' she said. ' I can't marry Dick. I-I love another.' And as the words left her lips, Paul Willis walked into the room. "1 understood it all before another word was said. Th-'ere wasn't anv need for her to go to hism, as she did instantly, and cling to his arm. I understood it all without that. I was an easy-going woman enough, not at all given to fits of temper ; but I htew into a violent passion then, for the first and, I think, the last tiime in my life. 'So,' said I, 'this is your fancy, is it 7 He shall never have you, then, never! Leave hlim, this instant, and take the man I've chosen for you, or take mly curse !' Dear Heaven ! What wild anti wicked things we say in fits of rage ! As if I could ever put a ctlrso upon sny own dear child! I think shoe believed mue though, for she turned white to her lips. "'1 can't leave him ,'she said. lIt'stoo late for that. Miother, he is my hiusband!' I can't tell what followed. I must have gone clean csrzy, 1 thinkl, for awhile. I remember orderisng them out of the house, and tearing the picture down - froms the rwall, and flingilng it after tlhemI; and then I lost all knowleldge of everything. And when I beganu to awake, as it were, and sunlsertandl again, I found I had been ill for dilays and days. Andl Nellic aind her lhusbanld were gollne. Slhe had taken only such of ler persosnal etitets as were indlis putably her olwn, and hadl come into soy room whlile I was asleep,, they told me, andt knelt and wept besilde me. Oh i if they only hadl not told mse that. It h?ad the cllect of mtakinig mle sure she wousld returns, and 1 grew harsder in sny anuger and my plride, eveOn while my heart was aching for her. liut she did niot retsurn, ad, after awhile, I began to realise that she woull not. 1Oh, how 1 lonsgedl for her ! But I kept a stern face still, altihough I grew sluddienly old, and my black hair tursned grey. " At last one day, a whioleycar after her flight, tlhere came1 to the farm a letter. It was liaddrilessedl to Dick Lisle, not to 11e, asd in Nell's handwriting. Poor thing ! "I undelstood rwell lenoughl that she was afrTaidl to write to melo; and yet, whCen th??e tirst delight of hlearing frotm hlier was over, mly jealous, longing love made me gro "algry. The mnore so because Dick wau away. It was Ilhard to wait for news of her till his return. 1 mihilt have Olpened the letter. Dick wouldl lisve been willing, I well knew, but t was still too proud. 'Since she would not write to her iother,' i tlhought, 'but chose Dick instead, I can do without her as she without me" And She: "lHow tall you alre, Geo-rge!" f I: "Yes, you see l's au only child." It is only a dishonest tar who would take a messmate's watch. I waited for his return. A whole week ! God forgive inc for it ! Death would have been far easier than my remorse when I learned at last what my pride had done. For the letter was a wild appeal for help, for mercy, for forgiveness. l1cr husband was ill, she was the mother of a little babe, and they were destitute and starving. 'Though my mother's curse is heavy upon me,' she wrote, 'show mercy to misy ino-. cent child, for Christ's dear sake !' Oh, the agony of my remorse ! My child was starving, dying, and I, out of stubborn pride, had Ileld her letter without answer, perhaps until too late. " Dick and I started for London that very night, and sought out the address her letter gave. Alas ! we were too late indeed. They had gone, leaving no clue behind them. 'I kept them as long as I could,' the landlady said. 'M Cr. Willis was awful ill and awful poor, but he tried hard to make a living and I pitied him. So talented, too! If he'd only ha11 a little money or friends to help him on he'd ha' been somebody. Ilit poverty crushed him. They had relatives that they wrote to, and I kept tihem till they lost all hope of a reply. ullt, after all-well, I am poor myself, and so they had to go.' Every word was a stab to my heart, a judgment on my sinful soul. I had lived in mniser able comfort at home wlile'my only child was starving. a Ilad they any money at all when they left?' I asked in agony. The woman shook her Ihead. 'I think not. There was a few poor clothesi and ;n old picture, the portrait of a very pretty girl. That's all.' And then our search Ibegall long, wearying, fruiltless, hopl.els, heart sickening. If it hadn't beelt flr Dick I must have died. A whole week went by. No clue, no sig!l. London wa1 s ,a big place, and we were boullnd t.o find he1r. I suppose we smight have gone o: sar:llhilg to to this day, or died, if it hadl't beeCI for Nellie's picture. " e werere psslsing a paw;1 roker' s shop one day, and I was well-nih hearthrOken, whlel, raising lmy eyes to the windlow. I met those sullny. Ierlry ones of the por trait snililg oil in(; like at hapy ' ghost. i shriecked aloud with joy. Iul for Dick 1 should have fallen upn my klnces tore in the street, and thankceld ?.?1a alhu.l thait I had found her. But we h:ultt reIlly found her yet; it was bult her pictlr., s11d the clue as so111 as foulnd 5eenl,i to fail. 'Ie hadll bought it of a worn, hag gartl-lookiltg WOlllul,' lihe 11311 tohl lis. Being asked if it could not .have benll her portrait, lie laulghed iland alitsweretil, ' Oh, dear, no! She w0 a t womn anrf lilty, with grey hair. I klalov whlere she lives. andl call shoilw you.' 11 did .to. Our ch0 1 sli1pped furtheir and fllrtlher away. The woman Will a stla!nger". "'I didn't sell it for 110;ef,' sh,1 :l:id, sullenly. I've it .sik !o ia,.r Up:,Oi'r:, sick and staring. I ol, it tfor hi witfe Ile's very lowl.' sihe said. '1 w1 'ulhll't startle him. I'll bring his wife' And slhe did. A pah', emnaciated, trembling wolmln aime timidly rtcepinig doI;nI tlh st.tirs:. I didn't klnot? h: at first, didn't r ltecognise the face, so ale, so llworn; but klnew the voice tlhat tlilled my heart with its cry of ' .Mother !' and caught her as site would have fallen at lly feet.t 1 ?ihave lbeen sore chastised,' lshe groaned. '1 inn'ed, but I have been bitterly chastise. .' Oh, so had I ! But sorrow wnt ended IoIW. I clasped. her to cny breast. 'Th.ank CI .' I criel. 'It is not yet too late for happic's ' .:11d wee hae oioyed a itoulntlo.:s share of it. I took them home. and -,iu ,may ,e sure the plrceioLus pltlait went aln,; with us. And Paul recover~ld, though he wtau nve'+" strong. The Needs olf consl m ll. ption were in his blood. And lie ic' d whtl I' 110 pretty grandchihl was lloure ears ol Tihat sturdIv little lad of ten, I mCeanm, who lst niglht helped to earry your trunk for,- you. "And Nell ? Av to le sure, you w.ant theetid of the story. Nell matrrie again four years ago. You'll sea her. She doesn't live far Iroui here, upon the fiirn . lgayIhthi u;for,. thie i scuoaid kiime,ts le husancl siie cho.e wasc my choice torh Dick Lisle has his life-long love for a wife at last, and I have-her portait.'' 