MOBNING SESSION. At 10 30 a.m. the convention was continued 1 under the presidency of tbe Bev. -3. C. Grabb, 1LA., who was snppoited on the platform by a large numterof o?lonialbnd , local ministers ot various denominations. - The proceedings were opened with the sing' , ing of hymns and prayers offered by Pastor Soltau and the Prttldent. 1 Mr Gmbb spoke at length and with great power on the topio 4 How to receive the fulness of the Holy Ghost,' basing his re marks upon St, Matthew's gospel Ti., 0— 'When thou prayest -enter into thine inner chamber, and having shut thy door pray to thy Father which is in secret-, aud thy Fatber which seeth in secret shall recompense thee.' The preacher pointed out that intensely real things were best conducted in private. When Christ raised the dead he first put out the noisy minstrels, performing the miracle in privacy, and the oyerpowing transaction of the transGguration was witnessed by only three favored disciples. Jesus Chriet gives supreme manifestations to those who love Him supremely. Mr Grubb then dwelt upon upon the circum stance recorded in 11. Kinge. 4 th chap.— tbe miraculous filling 0/ tliu vessels of the widow of the pr. phet with o'l, whereby her poverty was relieved, and he showed mainly that the intasure of the gift of the Holy Ghoat would beio proportion to the believer's capacity to receive — when there were no more vessels ti bo filled 'the oil stayed.' In the first instance the vessels were empty ; the baptism of emptiness pre cedes the baptism of fulness Prior to the service being . closed a remarkable and affecting scene took place. Mr Grubb severally oskei three portions of the large audience — ministers, lay-workers, and females— who were desicoas of receiving the full blessing of baptism by the Holy Spirit to stand up, and the appeal was very Jargely responded to, ministers and laymen offering brief sentences of cjacolatory prayer. A memorable serv ce was brought to a close with prayer by the Revs. A. Webb and John Watsford, the latter also pronouncing the benediction. 