THE MASTER of MOYHA Fop Love's Sweet Sake. CHAPTER XLIV.— (Continued.) " His acknowledged favorite,'' con cluded Doctor Dare composedly. " Yes, it is strange. It was the same — only worse, of course — when his lawyer more than once tried to take up a position here. He will not have his own servant near, and he can scarcely bear my presence ; so, for his own sake, I watch from afar. There is some reason, I think. He must something to say — poor fellow ! — to your sister, though, as he cannot say it, he need not object to your presence. Still, for the sick all must give way. He is at rest only with Miss J olette ; and so with Miss Jolette it is kind to leave him. It almost seems now as if he had a — for him — very unusual confidence in her ; and my experience has taught me that the dying have a keen instinctive con sciousness of those they may trust, in dependent quite of whom they love. It is too intricate a question to discuss now ; but the old man will not loosen his grasp of Miss Jolette, and will only rest, I fear, while ho feels himself alone with her. If he rests, recovery may follow. That, - I'm sure," continued' the doctor, in his dry, quiet way, " will comfort you who have always been fond of him.'' "Doctor Dare," said Ruby rather un expectedly, as they entered the amber room, " did you see that second door through uncle's dressing-room was ajar I never saw it open before Bince I've been here ; nor has anyone. And you remember telling us a Cornish superstition that if a person does anything unusual death is near ?" " Is it open ?" inquired the doctor, with a twinkle in his keen eyes. Ruby's grief had not apparently been all-, engrossing. "Would you like my sister to come here for a little time ? I confess I should like to feel you girls have her with you. You mustn't have Mr. Bayne about; for your uncle was literally convulsed when he found him beside him. You will kindly prevent its occurring again, won't you ? — for I don't think that young man will honor my prohibition. Heaven only knows why Mr. Hardress should dislike see ing him, after purposely sending for him ; but it is so beyond all doubt. Now I will pencil a line to my sister if you will have it sent to the Rock, and I will come back to you presently and report." ''Thank you," said Ruby, nervously; "I hope Miss Dare will come. I wonder whether Sir Piers knows — and Mr. Ward — by now 1" " Oh, quite enough people know !" returned the doctor. "Now take as much rest . as you can, Miss Ruby, if only for your sister's sake." : " Will she got no rest ?' inquired Rubjythe tears filling her eyes. '-. "Not yet — except that it rests us to give others rest. I will not forget to come baok." . He came, in his kindly thoughtful way, many times during the next two- hours, but only for a few minutes at a time, and always with the same tidings.. " fie lies just as he lay when you were there, and cannot bear even my approach. Few invalids are so in veterate against their doctor ; and only in my desperate desire for. rest for him could I condescend to keep out of sight as 1 have done. But it is wretched to see him shortening his own life by his irritability." Now and then Mr. Baybe quietly entered theamber room, and stood or sat for a little time talking with Ruby ; but he did not intrude long at a time upon her, and always said ho was writing in the library, but at her service. _ She had thoughtfully added a few lines: to Miss Dare, begging her not to think of coming to the castle that night, but that the carriage should be sent for her in the morning. And then in her loneliness .she had summoned her maid to read to her ; and dreading the thought of going to bed, though she yawned and shivered, she had ordered a fire. It was just in that strange indefin- \ able hush which fails upon a house at, midnight that Doctor Dare came into her with once more his old 16ok. I 1 " He sleeps at last," he said, whis pering, though the room whoro tho old man slept was so far away. " Where is J oletto 1" inquired Ruby, rising from her easy- chair and rousing herself from tho sleepiness lior maid's reading had encouraged. " She is with him of course. He still has her hand in his ; and, if she tried to withdraw it — but I don't think she will — it would awake him and destroy my last hope." " You think ho will recover now ?" inquired Ruby vaguely, after she had sent Williams to order oofi'eo for Doctor Dare — and herself. "He may," was the brief answer. . CHAPTER XLIV. Very still Jolette sat in the shadow ing room, her one arm aching a good deal, though she would nob try to re lease her hand from the old man's grasp ; hor eyes, so patient and com passionate, rosting nearly always on tho puckered sleeping face. She knew, as the time wore slowly one, that Doctor Dare camo softly now and then to look upon his sleeping patient, and had brought her pillows and a shawl ; and once she had turned round with a smile, fancying Ruby was there ; but the light was shaded, and so she could not bo quite sure. When the short summer darkness broke into dawn, Peter, in his noise less way, removed the lamps ; then Doctor Dare oame with a cup of coffee, holding it to her lips, and afterwards lie whispered that Mr. Hardress slept so steadily that lie trusted she would doze a little, and that ho should go away and get an hour's sleep to tit him for his work. She smiled with real relief to hear this ; for it had troubled her that, while Mr. Hardress slept in evident ease, Doctor Dare, after Ins day's work and anxiety, should spend such restless hours. "I shall not be far off," he said; " and while I am away your glance round will be enough to summon Peter.1' In. that strange, sweet, yet always sad, daylight of the early summer morning Mr. Hardress awoke, and, when he met Jolette's warm, tender glance, his thin, grim lips relaxed, and he spoke her name, not lovingly or tenderly, and yet tho girl's heart leapt in gratitude. " Who's here ?" he , asked, trying to reach every corner of the room with his weak gaze. "Peter's in there. Send him away. He's always sneak ing. Tell Bayne I shall want him — presently. And don't let Dare come in again. Bayne knows what I want. Tell him to be ready. I made it long ago though — a most just will — redeem ing all. Has Peter gone I hate the man. Lock the outer door behind him. You know what Bayne said to me, eh ?" "I know," she answered, very low and sorrowfully, as the short swift sentences grew a little indistinct. Then she did all Mr. Havdress ordered her, quite understanding that, though locked out of his master's presence, Peter would be very- near. "You know?-' ;the old man echoed," when she had returned to his side, and he had half risen on his-couch and was gazing fixedly up into her face. "You know all he told me to-day — if it is to day ? I saw Dare giving me one of his drugs ; and they always make me numb and drowsy. You'd , known before, eh ? Then why didn't you tell me ? She was a fool. She had written often herself ; but I wasn't going to keep her — and her children. She had had a husband. He ought to have seen you'd enough to live on. I never answered her letters — not I. So then she tried another tack. She used your name. She thought I should bo afraid that you'd really betray — what your father might have told you. She knew I didn't fear her ; so she tried again. What an — idiot !" " Hush !" cried the girl, her hands clasped in torture, her form shaken convulsively by the sobbing, gasping breath. " You shall not speak of her so. Your own meanness and unkind- ness tempted her to it, and it was no crime. Oh, have pity now, if never before ! It killed her ! Think of the suffering that means — it killed her 1" "She was always a poor frail thing," the old man said in his grim hard tones, though he put out one hand to touch the girl's trembling, shrinking form. " The fear of standing in a court of justice might well kill such as her !" " It was not that," looking dazedly at him, with one long indrawn breath. " It was because she felt that I was suffering for her. The suffering for her had been so terrible that the moment of joy, when she heard I might be free, was. too much, Oh, to think what the misery must have been when that moment killed her !" " No wonder," sneered Mr., Hardress. "She knew she had written tome — once too often. What a fool < I was not to guess! She did it very well. But I might have known. She was always so cunning — with her pen and pencil. I've told Ruby so. There wasn't a thing — she couldn't imitate — as a girl. Why didn't you tell me ?" " You have forgiven her," whispered Jolette, her face deathly pale. " Only yesterday you forgave the one who wrote that letter." "But why didn't you tell; Good Heaven, child, why should you bear .your mother's " " If . .you speak one word more of her, I will go," the girl said tremu lously. " It was Victor who bore it all." " Victor never had a grain of sense," snapped Mr. Hardress. " Why on earth didn't he proclaim the real — well " — with a glance into the young anguished face — " the real' writer ?" " He would diesooner," she answered very low, in the intensity of her grati tude to Victor. " And he would never have told me, eh ?" "Never." There was a long, strange silence, and then the old man rose slowly to his feet and seized her arm. Often and often he had walked so, when sho would lot him ; but never had she felt as she did now, that he really needed her support. " Come hero," lie said. " I'm very angry with ye. I always do feel more or less angry with ye — always. But I've a fancy to show yo something — before Bayne comes. What's this ? What brings this door open?" He had been fumbling in his pocket for a key, when he saw that the door, always hitherto locked, was ajar. " That fellow's always prowling- — always," he muttered, but less asser tively and confidently now. " Mind the step. Your eyes aron't so good us they were — are they? There — here we are. Turn up the gas. This is a real London fog. Get tho ledgers out, Ward. Where's Ruby ? She's often tried to peep — into this room. Oh, I knew. I never was blind — never — never blind nor — a fool. Ward won't make much of the business — without rae. Well, child, what d'you say ? Splendid monument — eh? Ye'roascold as ice — sh i vering too. It's real Ch ristmas weather. Fine rooms, though, if they are cold. Those are the coffins they make — tor dukes. Oh, I know I They wouldn't have seen about it perhaps — if I hadn't. Ward hasn't much head and Ruby knows nothing — of business. And you're younger. They won't think much of you — after. I do, though. I think you'll understand, though you've been—an imbecile. Is Bayno behind there lurking? Nor Peter ? Well, then, read it — aloud — and slowly." Jolette hod taken very few stops into the narrow, lofty room, recoiling involuntarily, when she saw, leaning against the opposite wall, a tall and florid tablet, covered — except for two short blank spaces — with large and ornate lettering. " Riad ifcl" cried the old man, chuck ling to see her dumb astonishment. 1 There was nobody to understand what I . should like — so I did it myself. And the coffins are ready — covered there. You see ? It will be years bo- fore I want 'em. But here they are. No one can interfere. Tresillyan can't come in. Look up the office, Ward. Now, Ins, read it aloud. Can't yo? Poor child, I thought you were ill. Dare drugged ye in the night. Never, mind, I'll read it. Victor's transported, ye know ; so he couldn't have done it for me. And Ward has — no sense. If you're alive when the dates have to be put in, be careful. The letters must matoh. She wrote it. Yes, I know. I'm sorry I didn't know — be fore. It was unfair to the girl. Look into it, Ward, I hate long-standing — accounts, when we are — creditors. That line looks well, doesn'tit ? ' Revel Hardress.' Tho name of a county gentleman — henceforth — ' Who Died at His Residence. Onstln Mnvnn ' Ha, ha! Very good! That simple ton won't have a word to say — Tresillyan. It is my residence — mine 1 Come along, child, Put tho dates ,in properly — if you're alive. But there doesn't look much life in you just now. Lock the door. This room's warmer, eh ! You don't shiver now." Tho old man lifted his head again, and spoke with feeble energy. " It's better here. That felt like the old London office — that Victor hated. I tried to make a man of Victor. But it was of no use. He'd nothing in him. I never cared for him. There's been nobody to care for, and nobody cared for me. They protended to. Bub I know. I know when people flatter and fawn and lie. I know. You didn't. And I don't want you to go. I've done great things for you. I've done a lot for you, Iris. And yot you don't want me — to stay." "Oh, Mr. Hardress,. yes 1" cried the girl, beautiful in her great compas-' sion as she put her arms around the old bent form. " I want you to stay ?'' " Do ye ?" the old man queried, with a pathetic softening of the hard- lined face, and none of the old rasping in his voice. " Don't forget you've said it. I sha'n't forget. A man doesn't soon forget the only thing he ever — heard that Pooh I Send Bayne now. Then you can come back, and I'll rest." "Rest first, please," entreated Jolette ; and on the strength of her care and sympathy the old man leaned, obeying her. " When you have seen Doctor Dare and rested for a little time, I will fetoh Mr. Bayne." With only a few muttered and quite fragmentary objections, the old man took what Doctor Dare gave him, and lay down once more to rest, still with Jolette beside him — though the doctor this time had strenuously objected — and still with her hand in his, as if its gentle touch could Bootho him. So he slept through most of the Summer morning, while Ruby came softly in and out, always met by Jolette's smile. And just at midday, when Doctor Dare was . growing anxious about his other patients, and old Miss Dare was making the amber room look very homely to Ruby by her presence, and anxiously and lov- ingly planning relief for Jolette, and while Mr. Bayne waited in readiness for a summons to his olient, the old man started up, his clasp of Jolette's hand growing into a clutch that hurt her. " How long ago was it ?" he oried, tottering to his feet. " Years and years ago. It won't do now. Tell Bayne to make haste ; I'm' ready 1" " Fetch Mr. Bayne, Peter," the girl said, with a backward glance, and then soothed and quieted the old man, in that sympathy which needs must grow so tender and so pitiful in the presence of the summoning angel. " Giddy 1" tho old man muttered. Then Doctor Dare took the girl's arms from round him, and bade her sister take her from the room. " Oh, Jolette," oried Ruby, looking almost with awe into her sister's white face, as J olette and Miss Dare joined her in the amber room, " is — is it Oh, how terribly sudden I" "And always, until now," Miss Dare said dreamily, "I have folt that the suddenness of death was just— its morcy." CHAPTER XLV. The mortal remains of Rovel Har- dress, in tho .three massive and showy coffins he had ordered, lay in the high, arched chamber at Castle Moyna for twice the three clear days which in Cornwall used to be dedicated, one to the Father, one to the Son and one to tho Holy Ghost. Then they were carried, amid gorgeous and pompous surroundings, to the church at Moyna, where presently all the old and worn and gloomiy. monuments, in marble or. in serpentine, were to pale to melancholy insignificance in tho light of that Retentions memorial designed and erected by the old man himself in such grim solitary pride- And then the dead man's will was read, and those wholistened heard, with many matters -that could- not touch them, thatheleftone thousand pounds to his nephew, Victor Hardress, and the residue of all of which he died possessed, in money or valuables, in equal shares to the children of his niece Rubina, wife of Edgar Johnson Carhilton, lieutenant in the Royal Navy. "Wife of Edgar Johnson Carhilton!" Jolette was repeating the words to herself wonderingly. So many years ago that must bo ! Mr. Hardress had not been estranged from Victor then. Victor was only a boy. So he had left him— — What had ho left him ? What is thefiate of that will ?" in quired Mr, j Ward,, breaking smoothly and softly, the rather inexplicable silence Mr. Bayne had fallen into in the midst of his reading! "March 18th," read the lawyer mechanically, "1864." " In that year," pursued the young partner musingly, "Mr. HardresB cer tainly did not possess two thousand pounds, and barely the value of two thousand pounds all told." . " Then . his intention," observed Doctor Dare, who had sat very quietly all the time, with |his grey eyebrows down over his shrewd and kindly eyes, ". was to divide his property equally — one half for his nephew, the other half between his two grandnieces. I beg Revel Hardress' pardon for never having expected from him a will so fair and just." "He told me it was just," Jolette said, her eyes bright and glad to think of this. The old man has been just to Victor after all. "And he was right," the Doctor answered, with a smiling nod across at her. "Let us give him every grain of credit that is due to him." " We will not question the fact of this being a fair will," said Mr. Ward, TTAWI1 HW1-VUUWOUIIBU UCOSj wucu it was executed, Mr. Hardress must have forgotten it through the 14 intervening years, otherwise he would have corrected and revised the distri bution of his wealth. Ho made no secret to me that Miss Carhilton was to be his heiress. Though he never mentioned his intention of her sister sharing equally with her, I — I would be the last to suggest that that is in any way unfair." ' " It was patent to us all," put in Mr. Bayne, In his-rslow, clear' tones, " that Mr. Hardress had grown at tached to Miss Jolette Carhilton. In that I see a motive for devising his property as he has done. It was generous of him to let the old bequest to his nephew remain unaltered after his serious disappointment in the young man." "You are speaking of Mr. Har dress' nephew and heir," was Jolette's quiet and pointed reminder. "Ac cording to that will he inherits half of all his uncle possessed. The other half is — my sister's." It was a most forbearing and for giving smile that Mr. Bayne vouch safed her ; and even Mr. Ward only called her observation "charmingly ohildish." " In equity, I think," observed Doctor Dare coolly, " Victor Hardress would inherit as his cousin puts it. But we need not detain the ladies now. This must be thought over." " Miss Carhilton," put in Mr. Ward, with a glance across at Ruby, which he thought she alone could interpret, " will you kindly say a few words in this matter ?" " You understand better than we girls can," she said, floundering in her nervous desire to please him. " Uncle Hardress was very generous, considering all things, to give Victor one thousand pounds. I am sure my sister quite understands that she is as rich as I am. We understand that, don't we, Jolette?" " I do not understand — that," said Jolette, looking wistfully at Ruby,- with a strange covetous remembrance of those days when, to the younger sister, all the elder said was good and Doble and urtselfislf. ' "I:do' not take any of Mr. Hardress' ill — of his wealth. It is only for you and Victor,, if you——" "Miss Carhilton has no ohildish soruples about her most natural in heritance," put in Mr. Ward, with quiet perfect assurance. " Mr. Hard ress "has left nearly two hundred thou sand pounds, and he knew he was leaving it wisely to his nieces. Of course, if the younger lady refuses her share, she can do as she will with it. Most probably she will leave it in' her sister's trust." Fearing to trust herself to speak again of Viotor, Jolette went quietly from the room, and, when presently. Ruby went to seek her, she found her quietly busy over her packing, her eyes dark and troubled, but undimmed by tears. " I aip so glad Viotor will be rich," she said, when Ruby sat down to watch her. "And you, my dear — what will you do with your wealth, Ruby? You will keep it till you marry, won't you ? And wo shall bo so snug till then. You know my book is accepted ? Oh, I shall soon earn a great deal of money ! Don't you think we could have left here to-day instead of to-morrow ? It seems such a shame to stay in Sir Piers Tresillyan's house one hour unnecessarily, though he has been so kind— so very, very- kind — about our not going. Ruby, what do. you say to my little rooms in Pen zance ?" "But Doctor Dare and his sister have invited us,'' put in Ruby, stoop ing rather unnecessarily to smooth the things in Jolette's box. " And after that Rose will be sure to invite you." " But, my dear," cried the younger girl, looking up brightly, "of course we shall not separate ! And you will stay only just a day or so, I know, at Doctor Dare's, will you ?" s " I don't know," answered Ruby faintly. " But I can't liv- in wretched lodgings after my life here. It isn't likely, Iris. Indeed I may as well tell you, dear, I've almost promised to go to London to visit; M v. Ward's mother. He brought me a most affectionate message, and . she has written to me too. I may possibly go straight from. Doctor Dare's, and I hope you will go at the same time to Osprey's Nest. Rose will be home soon, I dare say. My dear Jolette, how your hands shake ! Let me pack for you." " There is no hurry," Jolette said, closing her box and wardrobe. " I am going — out." Walking swiftly, like a person haunted by one harassing thought, Jolette had reached the clifis almost before she had thought whithor she should go. And so she went mechani cally on, with still the longing which had involuntarily brought her hither —the longing to be near the sea. And it was not until she felt really tired- that she paused and sat down in an un even little valley among tho cliffs, its mounds and odd excrescences covered with softest, brightest turf. She sat as near tho sea as she could, looking out upon it, and trying to understand why all this day. though the air had been still and the lesser notes of nature all so quiet, she had heard the great pedal notes of the sea farther in land than she ever remembered to have heard them before. Then she dreamily and fancifully recalled the history of this spot. She pictured a vessel riding to her unseen doom among those deadly rocks that made the sea so beautiful on days like this; she heard two sturdy sailors speak up to warn their captain from this course, and his wrath sentence them to a harder fate than that which they had felt awaited all among the black and treacherous rocks. Then she saw these two men in irons, still doggedly asserting that the ship ran to her death. Then she wondered who first had found the broken fragments of the ship the next day, before the bodies in cruel clusters were washed ashore and buried in the field behind her, because the water brought them in so rapidly — thirty sometimes massed into one grave. And she recalled how no one was borne to shore alive, save those two men in irons 1 Still looking out upon those treacherous rocks, she remembered how one of the old fishermen, with whom she had made friends, had told her that through his water glass lie often saw pieces of cannon lying low, where they had lain since that vessel sank, one hun dred years ago. As she sat fitting her own cloud-pictures to the story she had heard, she became aware of some one coming towards her from the Lizard Head — a tall, solitary figure, which at a glance she recognised. (to bb continued, ) 