MELBOURNE. \- March 4. [FBOH OUB COBBEBrOKnKKI.] 1 am getting tired of writing about pobtics when there is nothing in pulitics to write -abant, and I am somettuog like the little boy who was asked to spell Jehosaphatj and who commenced with Gee—hots—o—" Please, airi: I^dnnJ Iqiqw^any more," but J will give you onpTMtiof news for wbiclfl am personally extremely aorry, and that is that Mi 11; Murray Smith does "not- contemplate contestang^any .ieat at this coming /election. As be P.utSi», '""Tvith my freetrade views and my constitutionalism, and . my anti^stnek tax notions, who-would have me?' Yet do I much iiegrecttus, for Mr Murray- Smith was always oneiof tnose who helped to level and to .etjady things. In politics. He always kept his own hands clean and helped to keep clean other people's, - Are. thtic to be ..three bakers :in .she next Parliarnent. There" is our old Lowan friend, WimimeraSaker j there is a Baker r £nnounced {or: somewhere m the North-East,-'! think; and .Wimmera Baketi brother has an eye oh Albert Park or South Melbourne,.'-'OT some other constituency thatvliarkin contemplated annesiiig'but is now iheligiblfe:for, . .Talking with a much travelled friend the OTher'aay be mentioned to me . that though he had niever travelled on Cook's jackets, for he K a Melboume clubman and a personage, and thinks Cook a little infi-a dig, bB thoughtiie .should- secure his coupons next time. For, said he, we . were ,slaying at Pi<a, and there were, two ladies at the same hotel -faring exactly, ^s we did, who paid three francs j(2s Sd) .a day lesi than we did. Ihsy were tiaveliing 5iih. : CookWoiiponSj and after that in'BSirie'and bthtMfties-en rwfe I bonght-the conpros iegiilarly. and secured the same idvantages. -I mentJoh this as M, bint to - intending travellers.; ; The 3Sppiteis,ofthe mbrning'press are taking to Theosophy. As they cannot extract anything from the - inscrutable and youthful- Premier, thev think of consulting the Mahatmasi r Mr Shiels will shortly earo, like one of his^predecessora did, the, soubriquet of " the passage ghost." He ..flits with an airy " Nothing to-day1" •••J happened to be onthe stage of the-Opera House the other night. I don't know whether theyralled me ajudge, or an umpire, , or an investigator, er a committee, stop j I believe I was a committee—I don't count the other' man because half the audience saia .be was a confederate, and I suppose the other half said J[ was-^but I was fooled while there by a very clever illusion, which, as it is sure to travel someday, to the country districts, 1 will tell,you of, A board is placed On: treaties close to the footlights on tha top of which are iron fasteners or collars for the head, feet,iand.ancles. I'putmy head into the top ilfupsiSindi' certainly •when-it was padlocked" conld not drawit out again. Then Professor .Carl- HerfczVassistant was produced and laid out on the board, I, or we, that is the committes, waxed him up ana: put private marks on himao that we-would know him a;am if we' had to pick bim out of the usual distinguished twelve ;at the lock-up next morning, ana then-we fastened bis head, wrists, and ankles down with the iron gyves, padlocked them and pocketed the keye. The padlocks I may mention were trick ones. Then tbe attendants lifted him tosrl and all and placed bim on trestles 1 in a litfcle square composed; apparently of four brass up-right rods with cross-bare. The: sjage beneath was. carpBted go that traps would be : at a disadvantage,: X tounded the scene^behind it seemed solid, tbe spaces between the uprights-were open and' ^ev^rMcandles were.placed beneatlT.the board - to enow that Diabolus did not design ti take him'fhatway. This, I fancv iB an artifice, if' theyiiadlet me lay under that board i could have judged better. Curtains pendent from: thes ferass rods .were then drawn rouad the recumbent form, they only came down half way so. that iwbile: they just concealed the board and its occupant they still exposed the candles bnrning beneath theui. Hand smack, Bey £reOo JRass, and in less than thirty seconds the curtains were withdrawn, aid there was the board etdl;-but m place Of the man though tied 3Uf.t as Tie was, a beautiful lady. From my yoijth upwards I have always accepted it as a truism that; all stage ladies were beautiful, -Our keys opened her padlocks, »nd yn pleased her head, wrists, and 'latter ldidnlt do myself, irom »n • effusion of modesty, and*-of course, then: came SpngJ^ly from the bsckof the auditorium : with j3I, our adeutifymg marks itiJl npon him, It's an awfully clever illusion, bnt hojr the mischief is it done 7 for I examined all those; properties-most cateJullyi seven to the fitting of : 'Ae -.JWii sBiUen -.lid&jiM;^murfMUitBrui^lft' boards, I was on the «la?e the -whole time,: -expected to-lie deceived, lint;-.c&n;"t'ffuess now: bow?I was. - Perhaps some who; read this may htTve-a similar experience. The Institute:.of ;Jbnrsalistg.bids fair to, bs .smarked success. On Sa-.urday a further eeting was held, when tbe officers were appointed, and a list of thB,members accepted np to she; date read out. liooking'do Wii the: list one vor two nanies ars di8coyerable, the «laims.to; .membership of the owners of which are*oinewhat, douh|ful. -,r;But, as a mle, those who have been accepted by the Provisional; ®ounoil»r« 'gentlemen who a^e well koown in field of 4ettera jn one «r the ofter direction; • f'^am gssured thgt ths utmost caution was sxereised in goiDg through ihe application lor membership, »nd I can well believe this when X learn that over thirty applicants ware sent -^k-Ior ifurtner inquiry, andvstbat,-anytbiiig: Jmowntojasandidateedisctedit,^ fearlessly: istated »t the Conned table The first officers : of :the unstitute. apporoted are -capable gentle^: men, and altogether tbe portents point to Australia at last having s worthy JownaJistic G-uild. j Our lovers of *' ye gentle art" tra- etercised iniheir minds -jnatnow as tp the condition of j thsiriavnlinte fishing grounds, iast Sunday i -week dwellers onthe Panics -of the Yatw'at: South Richmond -were ' surpr Bed to see the surface land banks of the nver plenteoiuly strewn with gasping fish Murray cod, black Sstf and eels came down in large quantities i)n .Satuidaj,last the :Saltwaieri3aver; :jie4r the Maribytnong bridge, presented somswhat aitnil ar ,featnw,:.though, of 1 ter of th* fish was &fferai; 'rrmulltt andbream;; beingAhe'SvSereM^his time. .s: Various theories; have been propont,ile lot no one Bp to the .resent.•eemeto be able ogive t erealjaason or this fishy diBtur alee. A poison theory cannot be ^accepted, fer the -fish have been collected in bueketsful-and eatan/andno one Js reported as being any he-Worst satin p pulinj supposed th*t the bo iknuker rpi loses, -rtbei3 in fact his Whale time-is . . . . . occhrred Tueeday (Australian Cup D.j ) Une penciller Spoils nct ovor rich, ls-abio ihe^rroprietor ol against St>*thmor«i, the favourite for the Asietralian Australian Gup, «nd jtnd iad done fairl fair! ^wdl when^said jfa>ou»ta w s beaten But ^iminediately after TtSie atfete unw ban Jed the -folio telegram "frpmliiB sho man —"£51 _ bom at -starting -price. 4 ' "'Now ttiSS la against Hlshlr-rn, the winner at t!ia 