THE NOBLE RED MAN. ft ' - A Brokon-backed Idyll. (Bt " Smii.be.") Tears ago; wlion I was a schoolboy in the dainty city of Adolaide, I fell across a number of books written by a fellow who \- rejoiced in tho namo of Fonimoro Cooper. He was an American, and consequently it is superfluons for mo to add that ho was a man whoso knowledge of the truth was of | tho most limited character possible. Mr. ' ' Cooper wrote of the' noble savage, tho wild, ' whooping warrrior of tho wild and way ward west. He painted his savages in pathetio and poetic colors, mado him' a gaudy panorama and -a picturesque land pirato all itt one paragraph, and filled him up with lofty aspirations and a scalping knife. As a boy, I gloated over that man's work, and vowed — a solemn vow— . that at some future occasion I would go and look upon the groat, noblo-hoarted : red man, whom, according to Mr. Cooper, I would findatrido' a fiory mustang, j , coursing over a billowy prairio, or loaning ; pensively on" a spoar gazing vwith fcear- . dimmed byes upon 'the remnants of his fast-lading bat doarly-boloved savagery. "Later on Mr. Twain and Mr. Bret Harto ro-toucbod and ro-kindlod tho visions of my", younger. days by their mastoriy' handling of tho art of lying as applied to tho warriors of tho Western wilds ; and at a still later period that hoary , Iraud, Mr. Boob Longfellow, came along my way, and by his gem of poesy about Mr. Hiawatha tho kingly red chief, and Miss Minnehaha, tlio naked but virtuous copper-colored beauty, affianced to tho . aforesaid redskin gentleman, once more sot my mind in motion regarding tliese muoh-malignqd folk. One evening I was chatting with Jack \- Dqmpsey in:tho Bustimo Club, in Portland City, Oregou County, whon the news camq along'tliat the red mon wore : dancing tho T." Ghost Dance" at Fort ' >Cnster, a spot in the contro of the bad j ' lauds beyond the Rocky Mountains. ' a. "I-think, Jaokrthat III pull up my pegs I - ' anA - drift .along, bo that J may See the \- i'trouWoi-r- r -have longed for. more than I - half, a, lifetime io see the Indian in his .-.-war-paint.'' „ ' x . irr- jtrm-TOTri'r'V'r''' Tho great American pugilist smiled. "Better stay away, 'Smiler,' tho Indian . is an animal that doe3 not improve upon close acquaintance." But it was not to bo. I had mado up my mind that I would gaze upon the tents of tho scourges of tho prairies, and that I would clasp in my palm tho sinewy hand of some great chief, whose toy was tho 8calping-knife and tho tomahawk, and I scraped tho mud of Portland oil my boots , with a shovel and pushed off west. Getting out of Portlaud is not such a simple operation as it may seem upon paper ; for between ' tho main streots and tho. railway depdt, the so-called footways aro composed of soft black mud. Tho deepest spot I struck did not extend higher than my arm-pits ; but probably if I had not had a guide I could have found Borne deeper spots than that. This is characteristic of American cities on tho West coast j the people not inly mako it, but are absolutely proud of it. The nigger who carried my grip had feet that had been built expressly for that kind of country, and he said to me, " Hoi" on dar, boss; lexn me go befo' yo', don step in my tracks." This I found was" most excellent advice, as in about three strides he flat tened .out about a quarter of an acre, and tluit made room for both my feet and carpet-bag, and left a. good margin for my i dog. That class of nigger is decidedly useful. - After a long, cold rido over great mountainous ranges covered with masses of beautiful snow, and through almost virgin forests of silent, sentinel pines, upon the moaning boughs -of whose troe3 the snow lay in flakes that reminded me of great woolsheds at home in the slieariug season, with the fleeces lying round on all Bides, I at length landed at" tho haunt and home of " our red brother." W e had loft the great Rockies far behind us, and now were qn the prairies of tho West. ' Oh! Fenhnore Cooper'; alas! Mr. Twain; as my eyes ran out over the long, barren, dreary, heaven-accursed stretch of dirty, dull, brown country, and know that it 'was the beautiful, billowy, bounding prairie, I coiled up and triud to choke myself to. death — with a whisky-flask and a looso cork. . A -fellow with a glass eye and a cork leg could strike rnoro picturesque loyelinoss in the iniddlo of " Mud Flat;" near Bendigo, than lie could pick up in that location in a day's journey with a " fast trotting team. My faith in Mr. Cooper and liia fellow scribeB began to dwindle, but I clioerod up — was . there not the .. fleot-fo.otod, .fiery mustang, the' un trained steeds of the wild man, yebleft for \- me to gaze upon and admire ? Yqa, verily. ' I got hold of a liiinter, "wrapped in a bear skin coat, and told him of the yearnings -of my- Bohl.- - He" looked at me; pitifully, and remarked to his mato— "Hezekiah, I - kinder guoss the cities must be full of these damned cranks." Then ho lod mo off much as a father leads a soody- braiued child towards a melon patch. Ho took mo to a large corral, and jerked his thumb and said, " Them's mus tangs.".. Great Carbino ! Could it indeed be bo ? Thoro, huddled up to keep from the fast-foiling snow, were a group of about fitfy ponies, with oars liko asses-aud heads that would disgrace a hen- roost. Each one looked like a cross between a beast and a bundle of bad bedding. A more maugy group of equine outcasts I nover yet behold — and this was tho mustang. With a feeling in my blood that if I lived to get closo to tho grave of Mr. Cooper I'd blistor his slumbering corpse with blasphemy, I turned to go ; when lo ! a savage stood beforo me. Wild as tho winds was ho ; a warrior. I gazed spellbound. His plume, which was of feathers, started just a trifle abova _ his lordly brow, and waved majestically 'ovor liis head and down .his nock. '1'hoy might have been eagle's feathers — probably, if Mr. Coopor had been writing of tliem, they would have been ; but I knew bettor. Every plume had grown in the wing iof a tamo farm-yard goose, and had beon stolon by somo nimble- fingered squaw. Ovor his big frame hun«- a rod blanket; another atrip of blanket was fastened round his waist like a woman's petticoat ; on his logs, from the foot up to the kuees, ho woro moccassins ; .and this constituted the "noble's" out fit. His tailor's bill couldn't have caused him a heap of uneasiness. He had '' . a kuifo in his bolt, and a gun in his hand. I half expected to see him throw out his clicst, aud ask us by what right we, the pale-faced foe of his nation, invaded the kuuting grounds of his race,. Ho didn't. Ho held out his open palm and I was de lighted, and shook it vigorously, glad of Buch a token of friendship. " Waugli ! " growled . the red man when I let go his ' an< then he held out tho. . other. Tuis I took and shook also. Ho looked disgusted. Then seeing. that I did not got -.down to hi3 moaning, he made a grab with one baud at my whisky flask, and at my tobacco pouch with the othor, and disappeared. I was glad to find it was my tobacco and, not my hair ho was after, but another idyll had got its back broken, lhe lord of the forest wa3 after all only a common, paltry pickpocket, an Australian . Bigger .painted rod ; nothiug less sublime than aii American liar could ever have in vested these divfcy, foul-smelling/ half-.' naked lazy rod imps with the halo of romance that surrounds them. There's nothing under heaven nioro highly-colored and overdrawn than the Amorican rod: . man unless it'B the Amorican white man. 