' — : - — =— . ' r . | ' . . L ... THE BIGHT SOEL » A R0.MAN0S OF THE SHIRES. by Mrs. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER X X. —Preparing foe the Ladies' Steeplechase. Thus, varied by hunting, heartburnings, sport, petty jealousies, and gossip, time glided by, until at length the eventful day arrived on which that source of infinitely more mixed nas- sions, the ladies' steeplechase, was to be decided. It had been settled for a Tuesday, and though' supposed to be a profound secret, the knowledge of its taking place h&id; somehow leaked out. The comparatively early hour of one o'clock was definitely fixed for the start, several, fax -seeing individuals declaring that in any attempt to bring the jockey esses to the post a considerable delay was sure to arise, partly through their inexperience, but still more through the diffi culties of the fair competitors in arranging the exigencies of toilette to their satisfaction. The kind old Earl, who had thoroughly entered into the spirit of the thing from first to last, had signified his intention of entertaining the riders and their friends, when the race was over, to a sumptuous lunch, immediately after which the cup would be presented to the fortunate winner amid all the formal pomposity of speech -making and health-drinking. The morning luckily broke fair and still. Soft grey clouds filled the sky, swept gently onwards by a mild south-westerly breeze. It had rained fast during the night, leaving each blade of grass and faded russet leaf trembling under the Bilvery weight of the crystal burden imposed on it, every one cf which shone like a sparkling gem as the pale face of the son struggled bravely out from amongst the misty shroud encircling it, while those hardy birds Who scorned to forsaketheir storm-swept home for milder climes, lured "by the genial atmo sphere, strutted about the moist roads, head on one side, seeking here and there a precarious live lihood with a cheerfulness and an activity which seemed to say, "After all, there's no place like old England. Our companions are fools to fly away." Poor little creatures, when they sat shivering and shaking under the cold, cruel snow, perhaps they told a different tale ; but to day, at least, they were happy. Kate felt very joyous and pleasantly excited as she and Mary Whitbread drove out to the rendezvous. She had arranged with Colonel Clinker to be on the spot early, in order that they might walk rotrnd tne course together, and they found him, accompanied by Mr." M'Grafo and Mr. Grahamo, already awaiting their arrival. A Considerable number of spectators had as- assembled, making it clear the much-talked-of privacy could not possibly be maintained in face of the interest evidently aroused on all sides. The sporting element was, of course, present in full, scarcely a man or a woman from amongst its ranks being missing, while the Foxington tradespeople, accompanied by their wives and daughters, who appeared much interesced, had turned out in force. Even the itinerant gipsy Was represented by a stout party in a blue skirt and tartan shawl, who went about singing atrocious songs in a still more atrocious voice, insisting on telling fortunes to people who had no anxiety to hear them. Colonel Clinker and his companion were victims not likely to escape their most favourable predictions. " Cross my hand, pretty lady, with a silver faxpence," the woman said to Kate with whin; ing insistence. " It will bring yer luck, noth ing but luck." " Get away, my good soul, don't yon see you're bothering the lady," said Colonel Clinker, fearing she might annoy the girl. " Not I," answered she, with instrosive con fidence. " The lady has a good kind heart of her own behind that sweet face, bat the poor gipsy can see what's in it. There are clouds, and darknesses, and crossings, but the fair gentlemen with the blue eyes stands out clear among them all. The end will be marriage. Oh, yes, the poor gipsy woman knows. "For heaven's sake let us come," said Kate turning suddenly scarlet, and snatching her hand away from the other's detaining grasp. "I never listened to such nonsense in my life." " Nonsense, is it?" called the woman after them indignantly. " The fair gentleman's eyes are full of love. Me does not call what I Bay nonsense, at any rate." " How horribly vulgar these people are to be sure," said Kate, feeling intensely exasperated at what she chose to consider the gipsy's im pertinence. " Never mind," said her companion, with Suppressed emotion. " Don't allow yourself to he annoyed at her forecasts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or yon . Will be running out of the course, which would &ever; do." She felt grateful to him for covering her con fusion, and incensed with herself for having displayed any. What a poor weak fool she was, to be sure ! . Had Mr. MGrath been her com panion, the woman's prophecies would have. produced no further impression than, the ordi- nary clap-trap jargon of the profession. All slw could hope was that Colonel Clinker did Thlt iSt? 1 ?er xtioa to its right cause, lhey started together on a tour of inspection, followed by Mary Whitbread and Mr. Gra- hame. Colonel Clinker, on whose shoulders the entire management had fallen, had spared neither time nor trouble in rendering the course as perfect as possible. It was beautifully marked out with rows of little white flags, placed at such close distances that it looked next to impossible for the riders to make any wrong detour, while the run-in was corded on either side with stout ropes, leading in a direct lipe to the winning-post, which Btood up, tall and unmistakable, close to the judge's im provised box. Starting at toe farthest end of a large grass- field, in fall view of the assembled company, the course first led somewhat uphill over very severe ridge-and-furrow, at the top of which a good honest fence with a ditch and low guard rail on the take off side barred the entry into the opposite field, which, though bigger in dimensions, was far more level and very sound going. After this it ran across a sticky ploughed enclosure, which Colonel Clinker had not been able to avoid ; then over a small double, leading once more into grass, and later on, in and out a road carefully laid with tan. A rather sudden turn to the right here re vealed the water- jump. This was a small natural brook, or rather — so steep and crumbling were its banks — a species of gully, with bushed -up hurdles, set in a nlnnfing direc tion leaning over it, and toe whole width could : not have measured much more than some ten to twelve feet across. Any ordinary hunter ought with ease to clear such an obstacle in bis stride ; but Colonel Clinker had purposely re frained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping female forms and broken backs. After toe water jump came three or four more fair flying fences that each required a bit of doing without being very for midable. These completed a good-sized ring, and the last obstruction would land toe com petitors in the same field up whose slopes they had- started. Altogether it looked a good fair course, such as no animal used to following hounds should find difficult to encompass. Kate and Colonel Clinker carefully crinsed each fence, choosing beforehand the best spot for jumping, and this was toe verdict they unani mously pronounced. The ground also was in beautiful order, neither to hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round together Colonel Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of ad vice as to what she Bhouldnot do in toe forth coming race, all of which she listened to most attentively, and determined on following to the best of her ability. " Directly the flag drops, Miss Browser," said he, " be sure and let yottr horse have his head. A good start in a three-mile race is not of snch paramount importance as in a five far- long scramble, still it is by no means to be des pised. There's nothing like beginning well. It : gives a horse confidence in his rider, and tells him he means going. But directly yon get on to the ridge- and-furrow, take a good pull and make King Olaf go well within himself. Never mind being last .of toe whole lot, especially if yon only feel yourself to be so on sufferance, and can regain your lost position at any momentyou please. Nothing takes so much oat of a horse as pushing him fast up an incline at starting, before he has warmed to his work and got Mb pipes all clear. Steady him at the first fence ; toe chances are he will want to rash, and might overjump himself in his eager ness. Very probably you may find by then that yon have toe legs of most of your com panions, hut don't on any account force the running so early in the day. Don't bustle King Olaf until yon get fairly through toe plough. If after that he is still going strong and well, and pulling tolerably hard, yon may begin to forge ahead a bit. Remember up to this point you have to ride a waiting race, and let any one else lead the way who likes. Drop your hands when you come to the double, and whatever you do, don't go fast at it. Give King Olaf a full opportunity of understanding what is before him. It's toe nastiest fence of < toe lot, and the only one I am at all afraid of, ; especially with an impetuous home. The same rule applies equally to the.jumps at the toad; take "them steadily. Horses often jump the | fence oat carelessly, so be on yotir guard. So far we havehroughtyou along capitally. Take a good hold of Mb head, and set King Olaf as ' fast as you please at toe water jump. He'll clear ft by yards, I know beforehand, but if you can remember, keep close to the white flag on your right. The banks toereare both narrower and firmer thaninany other place; besides, yon get this inside turn, and wul gain several lengths by so doing. And now send your horse along in downright earnest. Nine-tenths of amateur riders throw away the race by waiting too iong, afid not coming Boon enough. Then they get flamed, lose their heads, and all is; over with their chance of winning. By this time toe riff-raff will either have tailed .off or come to grief; anyhow, you will know pretty well which are your most dangerous remaining opponents. If you find yon have them fairly settled, come straight away over toe two last fences and past the post, hands down, but if it comes to a contest, keep cool and collected and do the best you can.. I foretell a perfect triumph to our party," concluded toe Colonel, drawing a deep breath of satisfaction in antici pation of this desired result. After a momen tary pause he appeared, however, to recollect ft was just possible there might exist a reverse ride to toe picture, and he added in calmer accents: "On the other hand, should any mishap occur — though I devoutly trust not — or should you by any chance find King Olaf is blown, for God's sake pall him up there and then. You have ridden a beaten horse once too often as ft is, and there's no use in straggling on to toe end under such circumstances. And now I have given you enough instructions ; to fill a small volume. ' I "ddnt suppose when toe tiwift comes you will remember one-third of toem." " Oh yes, I hope so," answered Kate confi dently " But when I listen to such excellent advice it realty makes me feel as if I were obtaining a mean advantage over my neigh- boors, and as if they, too, ought to have the opportunity of profiting by it. It hardly appears fair myacoeptiugso many - valuable hiirs.y ... . " Most of them don't require any aid There's Mrs. Forrester; who hnowsquite as much, if not more, than I do myself; Mrs. -Paget, who would never understand what One wished to convey ; and Miss Palli&er;, who. would be mortally offended by any advice No, I am perfectly satisfied, and shall be quite content if only my pupil will promise to obey the orders of her traiuer. The question Is," looking at her somewhat anxiously, for though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke down hopelessly under toe strain of the possible chapter of accidents which this raoe exposed Kate Browser to, "will she promise?" " Of oonrse she will," she answered readily. '"That is to say, unless circumstances over which she has no control decide otherwise, I shall ride implicitly to orders, like a six-stone nothing boy. Does that satisfy yon?" " I shan't be really satisfied," said he ner vously, " until I see you and King Olaf canter ing in ahead of everything else." " Yon dreadfully ambitious man! And what if your pupil disappoints your expectations after all ?» " She will not. I have every confidence in toe ability of herself and horse. Nevertheless, I wish to goodness Urn thing was well over." She had never seen him so anxious and rest less, orhis calm manner so disturbed. Could it be possible that he was a coward at heart? But no, she knew better. "What's toe matter with you?" she 6aid; " are you trying to make me afraid ?" "God forbid! But I can't help it. I'm horribly afraid myself." "And so am I," chimed in poor Mary Whit bread, who in spite of the pleasure of Mr. Grahame's society was white as a sheet and trembling from top to foe. "What nonsense! "said Kate lightiy. " You two talk as if you expected me to be brought back on a stretcher. I beg leave to state I have not toe smallest intention of departing this life." ; " Please don't hint at such a horrible possi bility, Kate," said Mary fearfully. " I shall turn up again, never fear. I'm not a bit afraid, and I won't be frightened. So there!" She said these words with such de termination as to silence her companions, while her tightly-set lips and the resolute expression of her countenance betokened a.firm resolution not easily shaken. But now time was progressing, so they ad journed to toe paddock, where King Olaf had just put in an appearance. Old Stirrup walked by the side of toe home, and led him proudly round and round, while ever and again hi3 rugged face lit up with a smile of triumph, when some such admiring remark as, " 'Ee's a good 'un 'ee is." "There goes the winner," etcetera, fell upon his ear. And indeed King Olaf folly deserved toe flattering encomiums heaped upon him by the public at large; for in toe last three weeks Colonel Clinker had taken great pains with his conditioning, and short as the time had been, bad effected a considerable Improvement in his appearance. As King Olaf walked jauntily by, swinging his tail from ride to side, moving with that light springy step peculiar to him, he looked a perfect beauty, and so sleek, gentle, and docile, few would have given him credit for possessing such high courage and daring. His mane had been care- : fully plaited that morning by Kate's own white and nimble little fingers, and his whole appear ance was that of a racehorse. True he seemed a trifle lighter in toe barrel than he had done a month ago, but then what flesh he now carried was hard and firm as a board, while the muscles on his strong arms and thighs could almost have been counted. Colonel Clinker bad given him his last gallop, and knew the horse to be not only fit and well in himself, bat also in all probability (though still of course but imperfectly trained; in a far better state of condition than any adversary he would be called upon to meet. He entertained small fears of King.Olaf, his chief anxiety being on Kate's account. . He called up all sorts of imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quite miserable in their contemplation. She might fall, she might be cannoned against, she might be jumped upon, she might not be able to hold King Olaf, she ought even be' dragged and killed outright. There were ho end to his anxieties, which grew in intensity as the hour chew nigh, until they became almost unbear able. " Swear to take care of yourself," he whis pered in Kate's ear as she disappeared in the dressing-room. The colour had almoBt for saken his cheeks and his voice trembled with emotion. "Dear me, how timid wo are to be sure !" she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist toe impression he produced, but toe evident interest he took in her welfare touched her in spite of herself, and prompted her almost invol untarily to hold out her hand. He grasped it warmly, and she added with a little reassuring nod — . " An revoir, my revered pastor and master. Cast away all fear as unworthy both of us. I tell you everything will be right. .Your pupil has not the' smallest intention of -disgracing either herself or you." And toen toe vanished behind foeheavy folds of the red curtain coneeaKng the dborway, and left hnn to think what an idiot he waa, And yet how impossible it was to help being one where she was concerned. "She's a veritable sorceress, a witch, an enchantress, and I am her slave!" reflected Jack Clinker, as be wound his way to toe paddock in order to superintend the saddling of King Olaf . " I wish to God I were a rich man, I'd ask her to marry me to-morrow, not that I expect I Bhould have the' ghost of a chance. There are some women one feels sure of, butshe is full of contradictions — charming one minute, cold toe next, made up of variety ; tantalising, sarcastic, lovable, and delightful by turns, but not the sort of girl to let a fellow think she cares two straws about him, whether she does or not. Well, for my part I like snch women. Easy conquests lack piquancy, and nothing good in this world it to be obtained without trouble, delay, and striving. All toe same, I wish she were notso damnably rich. It makes a man look like a fortune hunter, and no one gives him oredit for disinterested affec tion. If I proposed to M?S3 Brewser. kind friends would say I cared only for hsr money. Heigh-ho ! It's uncommon hard fines, in more ways than one, being a pauper, or next door to it. A -chap's obliged to stick to his bachelor habits when all the income be possesses barely suffices to pay his cigar and flower bills, and yet, upon my soul, I'm getting awfully sick of single blessedness !" While awaiting Kate's reappearance he pur chased a card, and looking over it found there were but six horses coloured, namely. Lady Anne Birkett's brown gelding, Hastings, aged, pedigree unknown ; yellow and black stripes, yellow cap. Mrs. Forrester's Singing Bird, by Musician out of Lightheart; scarlet, scarlet- and-black cap. Mrs. Paget' grey gelding, Duncan Grey, aged, pedigree unknown ; choco late, pink sleeves and cap,. Miss Browser's chestnut gelding, King Olaf, by Norseman out- of Ice Maiden, six years old ; sky blue and gold. Mis.. Phtpp's black horse, Black Anster; aged, by Historian, dam unknown; cherry, yellow pandj and Miss PaUiaer's hay mare, I Coquette, .five years, by Ore-- Beau out. of Scandal. - - " H'm,"sa£d GblonelGlinker/ when Kate re- f entered the paddock to all the glories of her raising kit, "Out of that lot we may mi two — Hastings and Duncan Grey— straight away. Poor old Hastings is a long sight too far gone \- in the forelegs totake to Btesplechasing as an amusement in his declining years. I should not be at all surprised if he did not even get . round toe course. As for Duncan Grey, he's a slow, lumbering brute, who can't gallop faster than you can kick a hat along. He's no more use than a headache, and though a fairly good fencer will not prove very formidable. Singing fird is a well-bred animal, and the bBst of Mrs. orrester's lot, but with that lady's mania for purchasing cheap oats and mixing them with all sorts of experimental articles of food, I very much doubt her ability to stay. Nevertheless, though not in the same street with King Olaf, it won't do to estimate Singing Bird's chance too lightly. To begin with, as a four-year-old she takes the allo&wnce;, and, secondly, the ser vices of so experienced a sportswoman as Mrs. Forrester will add many pounds more in her favour, so that altogether we must regard the pair as decided adversaries. Mrs. Forrester will ride a waiting race throughout, in order that if the hue comes to grief, Bhe, as a tortoise, may profit by toe occurence. She will take ad vantage of toe smallest error any of you commit, and won't go over a yard of unneces sary ground, in fact, so highly do I estimate Mrs. Forrester's chance, that were there any betting on the transation she should certainly carry all my place money. Having disposed of her, we next arrive at Black Anster. I know him well of old as a rare good hunter, bus alas ! possessed with that not infrequent infirmity— shortness of breath. At the first symptom of a tussle this little defect in his respiratory organs will interfere with Mb powers of winning, and in my opinion annihilate toem altogether. And now we come to Miss Palliser's Coquette — a dark animal, of whom neither I nor anyone else ,kno w _ anything — purchased, I fancy, purposely for this occasion; and pretty sure to be danger ous ; so much so, indeed, that I hear she has backed herself to win for fifty pounds. All I can say is, I devontly hope she may lose. How ever, I advise you to keep a sharp look out on that objectionable female's movements, for she is capable of anything, and if I mistake not already owes you a grudge." " Me ? " exclaimed Kate, innocently. " What have /done to offend her, pray ?" " You may well ask that question. Nothing, unless it be you have ridden a trifle too bard in the hunting-field to please her majesty." " Gh ! she's that sort of woman, is she ?" " Very much that sort of woman, So he extremely careful how you give her a chance of cannoning or knocking you out of toe course." " Really ! I always looked upon MiBS Palliser as a very harmless personage." "And thereby displayed your intense igno rance. She's anything but harmless. On the contrary, she's exceedingly miscMevous and exceedingly jealous. However, forewarned is forearmed." " If you inveigh in such strong terms against the lady, I shall begin to suspect that you are a disappointed 8 wain," said Kate saucily. " A disappointed swain, indeed ! echoed he, laughing heartily. " That is capital, bat your surmises are by no means correct. For many as have been the passages of arms between myself and Miss Palliser, any interchanges af a tenderer nature have been left out in the cold altogether. It will have to be a very long bow, shot _ by her ancient hand, that succesds in sending a dart into my heart. " That ," with an emphasis on toe word, " has been reserved for someone else to do." He sent a swift inquiring glance at Kate, and those clear eyes produced so much confusion that she turned her head aside, before, after a pause, answering coldly : " You are enigmatical, and metaphorical language is always difficult to understand. I object to Cupid's weapon, and also to Cupid himself, as a young gentleman of erratic and unsatisfactory manners. Bat here comes Mrs. Forrester ; let us go and hear her ideas on things in general." Decidedly Jack Clinker's tender insinuations were not amiablv received, and tell harmless to the ground, like a poor wounded, fluttering bird, who strives to take wing and soar on high, and yet who at each endeavour recog nises more and more its utter powerlessness. He was beginning to find it better to stick to generalities, and not attempt a forward policy that was pretty sore to meet with rebuff. He gave no outward expression; however, to his feelings of discomfiture, but advanced to meet Mrs. Forrester with all good grace. Neither -he nor Kate could refrain, from a broad smile when they viewed toe old lady, who, arrayed in a rusty Mown skirt, adorned with a huge leather patch at the knee, and a loose scarlet Garibaldi, indeed looked as if she despised all those effects produced by persohal adornment. ' Her sharp eyes immediately detected an ex pression of amusement on her companions' faces. " Ah !" she said, " you are laughing at my get-up, I can see. Never mind, I'm uncom monly proud of my racing colours. They cost < me the large sum of three and thraeepnee half- : penny, including the cricketing cap. 1 bought a remnant of red flannel at tenpence a yard, and consider I did toe thing very economically. Now if I tumble about the dirt I shan't have any fine clothes to spoil like some of you smart yonng people," with a good-humoured glance at Kate. " My garments will wash, which is more than can be said of yours." - " Ah, my dear lady, you resemble toe in estimable Mrs, Gilpin, who, though on plea sure bent, possessed a frugal mind," said Colonel Clinker gallantly. "It's a pity for some people they don't re joice in a similar virtue," retorted Mrs. For rester. " If you were to practise economy, Master Jack, for instance, there would be no great harm- done." " And perhaps no great good either. There must be some extravagant people in the world, if only for the sake of promoting trade. Are you going to win, Mrs. Forrester ?" " I wish I could answer that question. I mean to tty." " I was just telling Miss Browser that yon and Miss Palliser were tire only two com petitors she need really fear." " I" don't count for much, I'm afraid, bat I hear Miss Falliser has set her heart on win ning, and scoured all over the country after a horse to her mind. That's Coquette going by now. Do yon see the big mare next to Miss Browser's cnesnut ? LookBlike speed." But further conversation was cut short by the mounting of the equestriennes and the marshalling them forth in proper array. Time had long since been up, and people were.getting \- a trifle impatient at the delay, though had they but realised the difficulties of starting six fair ladies, palling up their girths, shortening their stirrups, adjusting their habits, and taking in their curb chains, they might have displayed a greater leniency. However, at length all wa3 ready for a start, and the half- dozen Amazons, round whom much interest was centred, emerged from the paddock in Indian file. King Olaf and Coquette certainly carried off toe honours in point of looks. This latter proved a great bin fine upstanding thoroush- j 1 brad mare, showing a ldt df tftikfity, wd a8 rar as appear snoes went seemed likely lobe the cheBnut's most formidable opponent. Singing > Bird came next in toe publfo intimation, bet ; she looked1 light and in poor condition. The > competitors now went for their preliminary canter, which called forth many comments among the multitude, who freely criticised ton ladieaY seals and hands. Good-natured Lady Anne, on her dilapidated steed, beamed with fun and merriment, as if impelled to impart hef own pleasure to those around. Mrs. Paget appeared decidedly nervous and ill at ease, Mrs. Phipps was exceedingly solemn and some what out of her element, Mrs. Forrester re presented real business, while Mim Pallisei looked grim yet exoited, and Kate resolute. CHAPTER XXI. — -The Race Itself. After a little more delay, during- which laril words of caution and advice were being whispered into fair ears, toe six horses wen got together pretty evenly, and toe flag dropped to a really excellent start. In another minute toe whole naif-dozen came sweeping by the spectators at a fair pace, all in a cluster, but foey had not gone mora than a couple of hundred yards or so before it was curious to watch how first one, and then another, began to straggle, while the horses' tails bobbed up and down uke those of ducks in a pond, as they laboured uphill over the trying ridge-and- furrow. Poor Duncan Grey rolled about like a ship in a gale of wind, and lost ground at every stride ; while toe unfortunate Mrs. Padget, who was inclined to embonpoint! bumped gainfully to and fro in the saddle. Old Hastings also plodded on with manifest exertion, and did not appear to be able to go the pace. Meantime Kate, bearing in mind Colonel Clinker's last abomonitions, pulled King Olaf to the rear, much against the gallant chesnut's will, for he was as keen as mustard, and , thanks to his. muscular and com pact conformation, glided lightly on and off the top of each ridge with the activity of a young chamois clambering amidst its native' rocks Singing Bird and Black Anster were both a- head, while Miss Falliser, untouched by any prudent considerations, and animated by the sole desire of distancing her opponent was forcing the running, and already held a clear six lengths' lead. In this order they arrived at the first fence, over which they flew without any greater m'shap than Hastings jumping short and bringing his hind legs down with a crash on the top of the binders, making a big gap by wMch Duncan Grey profited, as he swerved half way across the course towards it, and thereby so displaced poor Mrs. Paget' centre of gravity that she was witMn an ace of cutting a voluntary, and was so long before she recovered her equilibrium as to occasion her partisans the greatest anxiety. They galloped on bravely enough, toe ladie3 really acquitting themselves most creditably without any material change taking place in their respective positions until they came to the next obstacle, ( another flying fence, only with the ditch this time on the far side, and here Hastings, whose temper had probably been up- Bet by the feel of the thorns at the last one, whipped round to toe left, and to the intense annoyance of their respective owners, induced Duncan Grey, very nervously ridden by Mrs. Paget, to do toe same. The other four horses got well over, and entered the plough with nearly a hundred yards' advance of toe two miscreants. Coquette by this time bad still further increased her lead. Singing Bird, Black Amter, and King Olaf, close together, being a good way beMnd, but when they got into the deep ground it became evident that Miss Palliser had been making too much use of the mare, for she gradually came back to her horses, and allowed the distance between them, to diminish to snch a considerable extent that when they reached the fences in and out of the road King Olaf was almost abreast, with toe other two in immediate attendance. Mica Palliser, irritated at seeing toe trio so near, instead of steadying Coquette, as she ought to have done, raised her whip -hand and gave the mare a smart switch, in consequence of which she landed too far into the road, and blundered badly on jumping out, almost coming down on her knees, and throwing Miter Palliser well forwards; while Kate, remembering what she - had been told, kept King Olaf firmly in hand, and negotiated the double obstacle beautifully. This little episode left her toe advantage, and enabled her not only to have first toy at the wafer, but also to choose the particular spot Colonel Clinker had advised. Bhe gave King Olaf a little cheer of encouragement, which she knew well of old, a slight shake of the bridle, and then set the good horse resolutely at the brook, close to wnere the white flag stood on the right-hand side. Bat Miss Pallisex's jealously was now more than aroused, and in deed had rapidly become so. overmastering as to dispel any last lingering remnants of pru dence. She called upon poor Coquette, ana at the very moment King Olaf took off, came with a tremendous rush at the identical place selected by her rival. The consequence was a violent colli -ion occurred in the air, whicfi very nearly upset both horses, and knocked them all to pieces for the time being. Old Stirrup, with that mysterious affinity which tells us intuitively were sympathy is to be found, had crept up to Colonel Clinker's side, and was watching the race with alternate feel ings of pleasure, hope, anxiety, and pride. Tht latter sentiment was gaining a decided pre dominance when the e vent above alluded to tool place. " Dash my buttons ! Did you see that?" hi exclaimed, trembling with indignation and excitemedt. <r She did it o purpns. I seed her with my own eyes, and a more deliberate ' or disgraceful foul I never witnessed." Colonel Clinker put down his glasses for one second, rubbed them hastily with the cornel of his silk pocket-handxerchief, mid muttered between his set teeth : "Damn that beast of a woman! She's 8 bigger brute even than I thought." Stirrup overheard the words and knew that one person at least shared Ms virtuous wrath. He had thought well of the Colonel from toe first, bat now he went np greatly in his estima tion as an assumed well-wisher of his beloved mistress, and one who wouldstick to her thrbngl thick and thin. By what. however, apprared littie toort of a miracle, King Olaf and Coquette managed! to regain their legs, after a scramble, without any worse catastrophe arising from tos enoountei than loss of position. Both Singing Bird and Black Anster passed them. Nevertheless, King Olaf decidedly escaped foe best of toe two,:for thanks to having started firat, he received the brunt of the shock on his hind quarters, while Coquette, whose impetus had been greater, tumbled right down on her head, and sprawled several yards before recovering himself. Kate could not help feeling angry. Perhaps most people would have done to -under -the circumstances. " What do you mean by riding like that?' she asked severely. "Nothing. I shall ride as I ohcoe," cam« the sullen rejoinder. . . She saw then that there was no generosity, no friendly competition, to be expected in toil quarter, and Colonel Clinker bad been right When hi warned her against Misr Palliser af against a dangerous enemy. It sua could da bern.bacl tOrn %iid prev6nt aer wirnimg it wae quite evident she woulddoso. Kate's courage, However, wea of the kind which rises with, an . smergeucy , and which opposition only rouses dnte a idoublv .firm determination to succeed. 1 Bhe resolved to best Miss Palliser at any " Certainly," she replied, with chilling polite ness ; " that is what I imagine you have hitherto done. Take care, however, youi mare does not turn the tables upon you before There was no time for any further inter change of civilities between the ladies, for Singing Bird and Black Anster were still in Kate "set King Olaf going again as quickly as possible. She had ridden with great patience and judgment, aud obeyed orders unplicitl v, but " the moment bad now arrived to ascertain of what mettle her horse was really made. It die allowed herself to get too far behind she might never regain the ground lost through that most provoking foul. Thank goodness, King Olaf felt strong as a lion under her, while Coquette, owing to the ruthless way in which her mistress had used, or rather #ww- nsed her powers, not only lathered freely, bat already began to hold out nnm stakable signals of distress. Still a very few more -strides wco Buffi- ient to show that either had the speed of Singing Bird and Black Anster, both of whom thy passed with ease, and both of whom leemed pretty well cooked. Side by side the two lea lers now galloped on, taking fence for fence, King Olaf always a little in advance, but with Coquette running very gamely, an 1 Showing under different guidance what a real good mare she might have proved. Never theless, as they beared the last few fences, King Olaf 's superior condition told more and more. The further they went, too, the greater became Kate's presence of mind. She had re covered from the first flurry of a natural ex- titement, aud now brought all her judgment md intelligence to bear on the task in hand ; while Miss Palliser, on the contrary, flushed md tremulous, seemed hardly to know what she was about. Hing Olaf had never extended him self even, and galloped gaily and freely. In this manner they reached the last fence of all, Which the gallant chestnut flew with ridiculous case, but just as be landed a shrill scream rent the air, and looking round in alarm Kate be held Miss Palliser's form shoot, from the saddle, apparently without any assignable reason, and come with a fierce hump to the ground, where it lay like a helpless bundle, prostrate oh mother earth, leaving Coquette, who mast have felt in- Bulted by this apparent vagary on the part of her rider, to canter away with loosely flapping reins. Kate knew now that she had the race in band, but Singing Bird and Black Anster were only a few lengths in the rear, so she wisely did not risk a finish, but came on at a good steady pace and won exactly as she pleased, while the public, whose sympathies, after the contre'tmps at the water- j amp, had been entirely on her side, appianded her to the echo. The victory appeared, in fact, a most popular one, for, to tell truth, Miss Palliser's friends were few and far between. It was a picture to see old Stirrup's face ; in deed, the expression of it would have formed quite a physiological study when he saw King Olaf come cantering in. It literally rippled over with delight. " I knowed 'ee'd do it ; I knowed 'ee'd beat 'em all to fits," were the only words he could find at first to express the height of a joy so in- loxicatingly overpowering. Meanwhile poor Miss Palliser was lying on the fiat of her back with her heels np in the air, vowing and declaring she was killed. A crowd quickly gathered round the unfortunate horsewoman, who before many minutes dis covered this statement to be highly ex aggerated, inasmuch as, with the excep tion of the wind having been knocked out of her body by the exceeding velocity of her downfall, she remained anharmed in aught except in spirit, which latter appeared terribly mortified. "If it had not been for my stirrnp -leather breaking just when it did," she explained to her auditors, " I must have won. Was there ever such luck in this world ? Really it is too, TOO cruel." " Was that why you tumbled off, Miss Palliser?" asked Captain Fuller, in his cool, sarcastic way. " Ah, of course," retorted she in a state of high exasperation, "I know that's exactly what people will say. They will say I cut a voluntary — I who have never done such a thing in my life. I shall be greatly obliged to you, Captain Fnller,-if you will contradict the state ment, and allow the public to know the true state of the case. The stirrup-leather alone was to blame." 44 I'm glad to hear it," responded be with an Impenetrable countenance. 44 That's satis factory at any rate. One always likes to find some good excuse for these unfortunate little casualties." As for Kate, the very first person she met when she rode back mto the paddock was Colonel Clinker. He came towards ber with a smile of pleasure and relief brightening all his face. "Bravo! bravo!" he cried. 44 You rode awfully well. No one couid have ridden better, not even a professional jockey. There was not a single thing I told you to do that you did not dp, and that exactly right. I feel indeed proud of my pupil." He took her hand in his and shook it warmly. A sudden impulse seized him. 44 Oh, Kate!" he added in a softened voice, 44 you don't know how thankful I am to get you hack again. My heart stood still with fright when I saw the collision at the brook, and thought you were in for a fall. I never felt so queer in my life." - The flush of victory glowed in her veins. She was too happy, too full of the pleasures of that proud moment to remark the use he made of her Christian name. It was not till afterwards, not till the warm blood had cooled and her mind resumed its normal condition, that she remembered how he had held her hand in his and called her Kate in tones that seemed as if as if they . could only possess one meaning, one interpretation. At the time she merely realised the subtle joy of feeling here Was a person who sympathised and rejoiced at her triumph as ft it had been his very own, and whose evident'interest was not alone flattering to her vanity, but acceptable to some warmer and deeper emotion that now and again began to stir the pulsations of ber heart. 44 Thanks for your congratulations," she said ; 44 but don't praise me, for I did nothing but stick on. Praise King Olaf instead. My suc cess is entirely owing to him and— and to you," beaming down on the open countenance so near her own. "Without your help I should have been nowhere. You saw how Coquette stopped, purely through want of condition. Well, King Olaf 's superiority was solely and entirely owing to yourexoeeding kindness," Kate, assisted byher companions, now dis mounted, whereupon King Olaf stretched out k 2ns forelegs and shook himself heartily, just like a dog whenhe emetges from the water, while he, regardless of all onlookers, put her two trms round his neck and nibbed her soft cheek ggainst the animal's velvety nose. "Oh. StimiDl" she cried artlessly 44 isn't ha a darling ? Didn't he bebayebrautifhllj _ . Ws jpust have his picture patented.; ; I shaU get ah artist jlqwn frpm tejvn jtp do him at once.' I They were a pretty pair as they stood thus— - ;-he horse, with.his mild blue eyes filled with an intelligence almost human, his swelling veins, his slender limbs, and tapering head ; she with the rich colour mantling in her cheeks, her slim figure set off to full advantage by her perfectly fitting colours, and a stray lock of hair just flattering in the gentle breeze. Colonel Clinker felt all at once as if be bated King Olaf. A fierce and sudden longing seizt d him to have those sweet lips pressed to his in stead of to that light tan muzzle, to feel tiie coveted clasp of those encircling arms about his neck instead of seeing them placed so lovingly round Kiug Olaf 's. He wanted to take her to himself and speak to her of his love— his deep, overmastering passion. It cost him no small effort to preserve silence and turn away, but the time had not yet come, and he preferred suspense for a while longer to a cruel certainty that might rob him of all pleasure in life. Besides, what had he to offer her ? He had no money, no profession, nn particular brains, not even settled habits. He had been accustomed to a round of perpetual excitement, gambling, betting, racing, late hours. Even if she would take him, was he fit to be married? Might not his old bachelor habits cling to him still ? Might not the same restless spirit break forth afresh ? He was inclined to think not. He was inclined to think he could make any sacri fices for her sake, inclined to think that with her by his side fresh possibilities, higher aims, higher, ambitions might open themselves out to him in the future; but as yet he was like a man who sees 44 through a glass darkly." He doubted his own powers of forbearance, of steadfastness, and perseverance ; a glimmering light had commenced to brighten the pathway of uncertainty, casting flickering rays of sun shine upon it, but they were not assured. The light might be put out altogether by tee hasty, too rude a breath, aud so long as he could still retain a certain amount of self-command he would run no risks. Therefore Jack Clinker, when he looked at Kate by King OlaFe side, turned suddenly away, so that she wondered where he had gone, and why he had forsaken her thus early instead of assisting her to drink the sweet, intoxicating cap of success to its very dregs. Others crowded round to offer their congratulations, bat she felt hurt at his prompt defection, torturing herself with self -commu nings as to whether she could have said or done anything that might have offended him, so true is it that even in our most joyous moments some little tiny sting robs them of full fruition, rendering them satisfactory only in part. (to be continued). Boatman : 44 No, mister, I can't let you have a boat now— there's a heavy swell just come on." Irate 'Arry: 44 Swell be hanged ! Ain't my money as good as 'is ?" 