~ LILIAN'S INHERITANCE. CHAPTER IX. ' OUR LADY OP GUADALUPE.' It was very pleasant by the oleanders. ? They wero large trees in full bloom, 'growing to the height of Euglish labur nums, and forming a semi-circle, in .which Kate's couch was placed. In the centre was one of the many fountains with which tho garden abounded, somo filled with gold and silver fish, otheis transparently clear, with beautiful many-colored shells and ? stones glittering at the bottom. These fountains form a principal fea ture in all Mexican gardens and public squares ; they are built of stone, in the shape of a basin, the rim of which, turn ing outwards, forms a wide and pleasant ,'seat. In the gardens of the rich they .are. kept constantly playing, and their perpetual sound of falling water is deliciously cool and refreshing. Maud and Lilian, whose momentary sadness had quickly passed away, seated -themselves by the side of the fountain, 'and fed the golden fishes with crumbs of , 'bread, whilst Mr. Trevauion threw -himself on the grass near bis sister's couch and smoked his cigar. . . ' Halloo ! you young rascal,' be cried ' to a small weazen-faced, copper-colored boy, ;who was perched on the boughs of . an ovorhanging tree. 'What are you ' dbin£there, stealing my apples — eh?' ' ' (Oh, papa, its Apparition !' ..'./Maud, thinking Lilian meant a ghost, laughingly asked, 'Where?' 'There, in the branches,' answered .' Lilian. ' That child is called ' Appa 'rition.' ? ' Do you mean to say it really i3 the child's name ?' inquired Maud. ' Indeed it is, and a very common \- one amongst the Mexican,' observed \- Maurice ; ' spelt by thorn Ajxiricion , and really taken from the appearance of the , Blessed Virgin at Guadalupe — an occurrence firmly believed in by the ; Indians and all good Catholics in -Mexico to the present day.' ? ' But Mexico surely abounds in ! strange names,' said Maud, ' I have heard some very curious ones since I ?? landed in the country.' ' Yes,' rejoined Maurice. ' Do you Bee that round-headed fellow yonder watering the roses? He was actually christened 'John the Baptist,' and I -have men in my employ named 'Joseph ? Mary' and ' Jobn Holy Mary.' ' 'And I,' interrupted Kate, 'have women-servants named ' Trinidad' ?''(Trinity), ' Bemedios' (Remedies), « Rosario' (Rosary) ; and strange to say, -tiesus IH one ui iuc uummunrau uuuico amongst tho Mexican women.' How singular this must sound to Eng lish ears,' said Maud. ' It will shock me very much to hear these names spoken in every-day life, that I have been taught . from earliest childhood to utter with ? reverence and awe.' ' ''I agree with yon, theoretically, Miss : Slingsby,' answered Kate, ' although 1 have never known the blessing of living in a Protestant country; yet you must remember that the Spanish pronuncia tion of these names is so very diflerent from the English, that they seem to lose their identity, and what would be cori sidered profanation in England, is in Mexico simj.ly an act of devotion towards some patron saint. What an '/apparent difference there is between .. 'Santa Maria' and ' Holy Mary.' And if you hear any one calling Haysoos, you would never associate it with the sacred name of Jesus. Yet it is spelt exactly the same, and the difference is merely in ? the Spanish pronunciation.' ' But what is the meaning of Lupe ?' inquired Maud. ' I heard it often in Vera Cruz and Orizaba.' ' Oh 1 it is an abbreviation of Guadalupe,' answered Maurice. ' This is one of the many names given by the Mexicans to the Virgin Mary, who in _t.= ? the patron saint of Mexico. There is a ? dvery beautiful legend connected with this name. Shall I tell it to you ?' ? 'Oh yes, please do,'' they all ex claimed. ' But is the story true, papa ?' asked 'Lilian. ' My darling I will tell it you as it has been handed down from father to. son for the past three hundred years, .f ' It is called : 'OUR LADY OF GUADALUPE.' ?' In the year of our Lord 1521, ten years and five months after the conquest of Mexico by Cortes, there lived near the banks of 'the Like Texcoco a poor Indian, named Juan Diego, who had .been recently converted from Paganism . to the Catholic religion. He was a man of steady and industrious habits, and earned his livelihood by making straw mats, which he brought, into tho city of Mexico for sale. :.v 'On one of these journeys, when passing a barren rook, whose only vege yl 'tation was a low prickly cactus, lie C '- heard the sound ol' beautiful music, sweeter far than anything which he i'md ever imagined. He stopped to listen from whence this music came, and on lifting up his eyes he saw in the heavens a most beautiful rainbow, in the midst ' »£ which was a white and transparent i loud, whereon sab tho figure of a . lovely womaD, dres3ed in the costume of the ladies of the royal house of Monte zuma. 'By the wondrous halo which sur rounded this beauteous vision, Juan Ttinr,n Irnnw it to be some heavenly visitant. He therefore fell on his knees \- - and worshipped. And then, whilst lie knelt in prayer, a voice of silvery sweet ness came to him from out the cloud, saying : \- ? 11 ? k - Go to the Archbishop of Mexico, ,, and tell him that the Virgin Mary ! commands liim to build a chapel upon this rock, and dedicate it to her.' ' ' But- lie won't believe me,' said the Indian. 'I am the Virgin Mary,' replied the celestial vision j ' tell him that thou hast seen mo.' 'On sped tho pool* Indian to the archbishop's palace, whero he with diffi culty obtained admittance. At last, when he was ushered into the august presence of his eminence, he was treated with tho greatest derision. ' Come- not hero with thy fabulous tales,' said the archbishop. 'Is it likely that the blessed Virgin would appear to a poor wretch liko thee 1 Would she not rather come to mo, her chosen Minister 1 Begone, knav'e ! or thou slialt be oast from the palace gates !' ' Footsore and wearied, tho poor Indian retraced his steps. ' ' What shall I toll the blessed Virgin,' he murmured, ' if I should see her again ?' ' Suddenly, as he spoke, the celestial vision again appeared before him. ' ' Well, what said the archbishop unto thee, my friend ?' ' ' He cast me from his presence as a ! knavo and impostor.' . ' ' Fear not, return again, and be not dispirited.' ' ' Three times more, the Indian re traced his steps to tho Archbishop's palace, three times was he repulsed, and three times tlio Virgin Mary appeared to him. ' On tlie fourth time the archbishop, wearied with tho importunities of the Indian, said : ' ' Come not liere any more with thy foolish talk, unless thou bringest me some tangible token of the heavenly presence.' ' ' What shall I bring your highness ?' ' ' Bring thy ' ayate' full of roses from the barren rock,' laughed the arch bishop. (' Ayate,' a towel or piece of cloth, which the Indians — -joining two corners together — swing across their foreheads, and fill with any provisions or articles they may have to carry.) ''Alas! alas! said the disconsolate Indian, wandering forth again, 1 that can never be ; nought ever grew on the barren rock save tho prickly cactus.' ' It happened that at this time the uncle of Diego was very ill, at the point of death. The poor Indian thought he had better go for a 'coiifessor to the dying man, instead of wasting any more time in a useless search tor roses where roses could not grow. He therefore took a diflerent route from that on which he had previously seen the Vir gin, when suddenly, out of a lake which stands in the same, place unto this day, and is celebrated for its healing waters, tho Virgin again appeared to him. Where art thou going, my friend 1' 'The trembling Indian replied that he was seeking a confessor for his dying uncle.' ' Thy uncle is already restored to health, 'and shall live to a good old age. Seek not now the confessor. But what said the archbishop unto thee?' ' He told me to fill my 'ayate ' with rose3 from the barren rock, as a token of the heavenly presence.' ' Go, and thou shalt find them ! ' 'Full of faith and hope, the Indian walked along, and to his rapturous de light he found on the very summit of the rock, which lie had seen that morn ing cold and grey, without even a patch of moss or lichen to enliven its sterility, the most beautiful and fragrant rose trees in- full bloom. , ' Filling his ' avate,' and forgetting all his weariness in wonder and praise, lies ' hastened back to the archbishop's palace, and flung liis precious burden, with its lovoly flowers, at the feet of the astonished prelate. ' Very diflerent now was the recep tion of J uan Diego ! ' When the archbishop had a little recovered from his awe and amazement he hastily called together other dignit aries of the church and with eager bands ' prepared to empty the blessed ' ayate ' of its miraculous. burden ! ' Great was the wonder of the assembled priests- when they saw the fragrant fresh culled flowers, but greater still was their speechless amazement when, on the ' ayate ' itself, they saw a most beautifully painted picture of the blessed Virgin ! ' Falling . on their knees before the precious token, they bowed their heads in adoration and praise.' ' What a very pretty legend,' said Maudj1 wlien; Trevanion ceased speaking. 'But tell me, papa,' asked Lilian, 'what became of the picture and the poor Indian, .and. .did they build the chapel, and did his uncle really get better?' ' ' Yes, pussy. They, built a chapel on the top of- the -rock,- and -.afterwards a ?magnificent church at the foot, both of which are; now standing. - The church is perhaps the/mpst be,autiful in the whole republic of Mexico, and ' its costly treasures exceed in richness even those of the r cathed ral itself. : The poor Indian built a little house near ; the chapel,, dedicating himself entirely to the'aervice of the Virgin and the 'conversion. of his idolatrous brethren. He diod when he was seventy-four- years of age. His uncle really recovered from his illness, and lived until lie was a very old man.' ?' And the picture ? ' asked Maud. 'The picture, Miss Slingsby, is still most carefully preserved in -the church of Guadalupe.'. ' Is it really beautifully, Mr. Trevan ion ? ' ' \- ' That, - ' Miss Ti Slingsby,; / you must decide for yourself. I will drive you all over any day you. like to explore this interesting little village. There are copies of. this picture in every church and public office in Mexico, accompanied by the following motto, whioh lias now become national : Ron fecit talilcr oirnii nationi. Sho did' not not in this manner, to ovory nation. After the war with America in 1848, the Yankees translated the motto thus : i ?God did not make every' nation such fools!' , 'Thanks, Maurice,' said Kate. 'You- have told your story well, and we will take you at your word, and really drive over to Guuflalupe. I know the church is well worth seeing— indeed, the whole place is full, of interest— but the night dews aro falling fast, and we must all away into the house. Come, Lilian; it is bedtime, my child.' Maurice, springing up, carried his sister to her own room, for she always rotired early. ' Will you romain in tho drawing room and give mo a cup of tea, Miss Slingsby ?'? ho inquired. Maud looked at Miss Trevanion to see what were her wishes on tho subject, but Kate was straining her eyes iu an opposite diroction, towards a figure pacing tip and down beneath the trees. ' Look papa ! ' said Lilian, whoso quick eyes discovered everything ; ' look at that horrid Dolores.' Tho only reply Maurice mado was to quicken his steps very materially, and to call out to Maud and Lilian, 'Come in quickly, for the dews are heavy.' Maud remarked his cluu g ? in manner, and was puzzling herself as to the cause, when Lilian, said, 'It's that dreadful Dolores again, she always makes papa angry.' ' Shall we go into tho house, Lily ? ' said Maud, ' and never mind Dolores.' Lilian was silent, but placing her hand in Maud's they walked into the drawing-room, where they wero soon joined by Mr. Trevanion, with a request from his sister that Maud would preside at the tea-table. But the evening meal was dreary and dull, — a heaviness and abstraction had fallen upon Maurice. He answered Lilian's questions listlessly, and, although courteous to Maud, was yet so grave and subdued in manner, that she longed to retire to her own apartments ; and Lilian, looking inten sely wearied, at last said, 'This room feels like a cold grave, papa. I am going to have a play with Manuela.' Aud as she passed Maud she whispered, ' it's all that nasty, horrid, frightful woman Dolores, and I am more and more determined every day to find out who she is, and all about her.' | Before Maud could reply, Lilian had flown, and she was rising to follow the child's example, when Maurice, suddenly rousing himself from his reverie, said, ' Don't go, yet, Miss Slingsby, I wish to speak with you.1' (To be continued.) 