The First Death. — — ♦ ? THAN8LATBD FUOM TUB FI»ENCII. ^ Fsrlode was a littla village ol lonr or il»8 hundred inhabitants bptwaen Amiens ' Z AbbMillo. Sad in Autum, gay in Bpring ,iue clean, silent, strotohod along a wido ti its houses low, with roots bleak and 'nioud surroundad by swampy meadows P] orowned by a lores! ol oaks, it was a Lnterpart of all the other vil'.agoa of i'in»rdy. Yos, it waa a counterpart, ovon to ihe eoquottish chateau, its walls of rcdbnolt, ' i. window oaoinga of whita etono, that is nlwsy9 Par' nn^ l)ftr00' °f a P'oirdian land L..; ^ mid (hat stands n thousand motroa, %? iiioto'of le»8i 'tom tno outBkirta o£ those *\ ,jny provinoial hamlotB. -ijHA hi F»rleda, at the mnmont this atory i41 Liens, was in a hubbub of exaitoment, for a r&'-.Jstn»wiy, their own individual burying 1 ,1 nd, had boon nohieved at last. The -^|ioipal Oounoil, which had bo long hojdeil tho fuuila drawn from the taxpayors for tbo pu'P0B(l- nft(' finally eoon fit to pur chaeo an anoient field, to wall it in, and to oonseornta it to the well morited repose of a the people of the country ; ' and on and after .') November 1; 18—,' bo the announooment ' read, ' the oometery now definitely enoloiied j ' ' would bo ready for the reception ol its 1'w'1 iiueBtB. ' '?'A Naturally enough, every one goaaipped and '' jetted with hia neighbor on the aubjeot of tho 'elect,' who would point out the road to hia jompfttriota, but the hubbub increased to a potitivo riot when simultaneously with the 's conclusion of the oernmonios that made the \ anoient field a 'Gottsakor,' handbills ap } peared on the walla, inoiuding the Maire's, to 1 the following effeot : ' Whoroat. boina sound of mind and sound of body, I horeby declare that in order to gootbeand aweotcn the last momenta of him or of nor who will be the firat to . inaugurate the new oemetory, I have phoed in the hands of the Maire of La Farledo the aum ot ton thousand frmos, to be delivered to the family ? of the firat inhabitant who departs for another and perhaps better world, on and alter this the day ot opening, November 1, : 18-. in witness, whereof, signed and sealed by myHell, '- Jean Bitomineux. In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohe .' romn of the artellorH of tho Boulevard Olinohy a and onriohed by iho deooase of an aunt who, .« at the final moment, had oonsented to afford .:' him her (orgivonoes for the profession he had f. ohosan, and to leave him tho inheritor ot a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he atill at times, aB in tho matter ot ?\ this handbill, indulgad in the same propon v ' sity. The statement of the plaoard waa true, J however, and in the twinkling of an eye the . news was all over the village. Qroupa of (V people oongregatad before the bills to read /, lor themselves, while others more incredulous y,;j. ran to the Maire to ask for confirmation of ;;i.' the «utne. 4\ 'The fnot ia oxaotly as given,' he to i)l;.j epondod, promptly ; ' there is no mistake '*{' about it. The money is in my hands and -« will bo remain,' ita., &a.; The announcement thut offioially vouohed lor, everyone jiyoualy returned to his home :y- to begin at onoe the otloulation of his ohanoe ,51 —to lake stock, as it wore, of those bolonging km? to him, and to estimate their average long ' e»ity. It goon without saying that those ot the inhabitants fortunate enough to have lick .or very aged relatives were filled with t?jSpb, though, ot oourse, they triumphed 'w'ly and in Bilence, whilst the others— IbSfe whose families were sound und healthy —were forced to oomfort themsslves with the forlorn hope of an aciidont, an unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of nir. ' Suoh aud such a ono's taking off,' they recalled, 'had bee1) extromely budden; So and bj's trifling illness fatal; unlookod for deaths were always occurring,' and thoao thousand tantalizing pistoleB danecd a aara bond in their dreauia even when they fell asleep. An tor the Muire, poor man, life lnd be oomo a burden tn him became of the hourly deputations and nvalancho of queries to whioh he waa (oroed to listen . 11 Must they bo of the village,' they be lought htm nnxiously, ' or was it auflloiont to be a member of the pariah ? D.d ohildren count, or rolativoa by marriage, or thoBe whom death might take by riolenoo?' — ?uieries that plainly botrayed the villager!)' ' ..nKiiiah of mind, and hugely amused the donator, It ia not every day, as you know, that people give, up [lie ghost in villages, and a whole week Dasaed bv after the ooeninn ot Ihe ooipotery, without au event uf the kind occurring. Still the brains ot tha people continued to be over exoited, and every one, from baker to butaher, from curate *o hue- ' bandman, laid off work from time to tine to measure with hia eye, or calculate mentally, the additional goods or farming ground pur chasable with the money — only the oatoa were busier than ever. By the end of tne woek tho story ot the handbills had become an old one, but by no me.iiiB a lean absorbing one, though tho villagers no longer lowered their eyes or voices when diaouaaing tho matter, and openly footed up the chances. Tho family of a certain La Poireuux, by ootnmon oon- sent, bad settled it that they were to ba the fortunate inheritors, fir had they not among them, this family, L» Poireaux an old wreck from Trnfilgar, living by foroe ot habit alono — a wheezy, yellow, dried up old mummy, whom twioe a day they carried to the door to bask rn tho sunshine, and whoso demise had long been expeeted. ' But sometimes these aged oncB live for ever,' objeoted a malicious listener, ' and thin one Hhowsno more signs of dying than hn has dona for six months past.' ' All the same,' added another, ' it is the family of Lt Poireaux whom the Maire haa his eye upon.' Nevertheless, despite the anguish of desire that had seized upon all in the raoa for this monoy, L» Farledo possessed no assas sin. It was true that the ailing and the very aged had bee jme a cautre of interest to every one in the family, for they would be able, if accommodating, to leave behind them a snug littloBiim, yet no one dreamed of aooelerat ing their departure. In tho households ot the less happily nliLflt-fl thfi intnrpflt wan unnnllv fthnnrhina — a harsh oough, a laboured breathing, bring ing .the ear upon tho alert in an instant. C^ \a and difiloult breathings wore liar b«j)Vs of inQammaiion ot the lungs, and iutvBlnmation of the lungs, as every one know took its viotim qiiokly. If another one had a red face or au indigoation they awaited apoplexy, and a child who had boon an f invalid from birth, and began to recover from tha moment ot tho proclamation, waa out eft with a shilling in the will of an indignant aunt, whosd heir it had pravoiusly been. The ontiro village at the expiration of thia Bamo week waa pale and emaciated. Evon those who had BoufTed the loudest at this waiting for dead nun's shoeu no longer slept tranquilly ; drunkards drank twice as muoh as they bad drunk before ; the avarioioua oureed in aooret ; while the niok. on tho oon trary, tho only ones who obj 'otod to this faBhion ot ringing the hell, teemed to vie with caoh other in the haato of thoir re covery. On the morning cf the 10th ot November, ? however, a bell, or rather a knoll, did ring .. * out, instead of the morning Angelus, and the *-? people, tailing over cnoh other in the dark ness, and railing at fato, preoipitated them eelvoB toward tho ohiirah to learn who bad won. Alas, arrived, there, breathless and panting, it waa only to find that tho baadle (as usual), fait as a thru m, mire il.izid than ever from brooding upon tha promiuen of the plaaard, and thinking ot nothing but death, had rang without reason. Truly it waa time thia business should end, Of they would ftU b= ab ciftd aa (he beadle. / ' ..', ^'jj '*r~~ ???-??'''*' ' '? - Ah well, thero lived at this Hmo in La H. . .' a poor and unfortunate peasant, the father ot two little helpless babioa, and with whom nothing had ovor succeeded. 1 hough soarooly paat his fortieth year, he had run through ovory country ot tho world, to roturn at laBt, vanquished, to hia nativo village. Ho wan a good fallow, gontlo, afleo tionato, droamy, an.i inoffonaivo, but ho waa nnnblo to gain n living for himaolt and family in a oountry where tho Dtrugglo with tho earth waa hard and endless. HiaBlondor frame took bndly to tho labour ot tho fields, and ho p^anoBnod nobthorreaourooo. Miaory ami want iMioompnsaod tho houBohold, and eaoh ovoning boforo tho smoking cinders tho wife onnd in undreasing tho ohildron.andho, torturod and oowed by a dense of weakness and failure, writhod in aeorot. The plaoard ot tho painter Bitumonoux had mudo upon him, as upon tho rest of them, a deep improBaion. Nay, more than that.it had given him an idea. What if ho ohould bo tho ono to loavo ton thouBand franos to hia wretohed family? It would life them above want for ovor ; thoy would bo ablo wilh tho monoy to purohaao at Abbe ville, perhaps, a habordanliory— porhaps a moro pretentious shop. Ilia wifo waa intol ligent, industrious-- aho would Buroly proapor at tho buaincaa. Ho aaw them already, theao deprived ones, aecuro of tho neoausaries ho had boen unable to pivj them, tho boy later on employed in a bank, tho girl married to a commisBaire. That ovening ho embraced them and hold them upon hia breast longor than uaual, mur muring an ho watohed them laid upon their Boanty Btraw. 'I will do it— I must do it; it is my duty I' * Tho idea that had oomo to him with the reading of tho plaoard, and born ot misery and shame, wns euioide. For him it was the rehabrlitatinn of all his disastrous enter nrinnp tH« afrtm^m/tnt fA_ *U_ ______ 4.1. _ l. I ? had brought upon his family. Bnt, oh, tho ngony of parting from these beings bo ten derly loved, whoso welfare and happiness he oould seouro at last, but seour6 only by one means. He wont out to walk for a whilo in tho embrowned fields, the yellowed foreBt, but tho rustling of the dead leaves that his toot pushed aside sounded to hm like the rust ling of a shroud ; aobs burnt from his an guishod breast na he regarded the wide heavens, the volley full of shadows, and the little village that held his all. For a long time he boBitated. Perhaps ohanoe would deliver him— perhaps it would not bo necessary to take his life in order that they might live, that thoy might bavo fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and broad in tho empty cupboard. L*ong ago he had Lflpurcd himself by talkinp; with a neighbor, who had quostionod the Maire. that auioides would count in thia funeral play. Of course he must, kill himself — to wait longer was to permit the chanoe that aa yet was his, to be grasped by another. He took his gun, olimbed the hillside that overlooked the vil lago, and fixed hia eves uoon the dilapidated roof that did not even shelter bis wifo and little ones. The next morning, when they found his body— a wood-cutter passing through the foreet had seen it, and spread the news— the orowds oursed it, and threw stones at the oorpse of the poor hero. The women sought to spit in hia face , the Town Oounoil itaelf waitod upon M. Bitumonoux to demand ot him that tbo money should not be paid to tho family of Bnoh a trioketer. The painter responded by adding ten thousand moro to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with tho oare of the widow and her children. 11 It waa my fault,' he told himself, deeply moved by the tragedy—11 my fault, and but for mo the thing would never have hap pened.' The Mairo alone and the gendarmes, whom it had been necessary to call upon before the body of the martyr oould be laid in tho ground, followed it to its last resting plaae, and that Bamo day 'tho old wreck from Trafalgar' and two beside him passed to their lnot aocnunt. The memory of the Buioide is still cursed throughout the whole of Pioardy, and upon his tomb one reads tha inscription (out there by a ounning but saoriligioua hand during the darknees of the night after the inter ment). The ditoh of the thief. 