THE LAST OF THE BROAD GAUGE. (By a Correspondent of the St. James's Gazette.) South Devon, Sunday night, May 22. I wonder whether people who drive along the Embankment to the city on Monday morning, and who chance to look out near the Temple station for a familiar statue bearing the in- scription "Isambard Kingdom Brunel, died 1859," will find the statue fallen from its pedestal and shivered into a thousand pieces on the pavement or wholly vanished into thin airt Certain it is that the grrafc engineer's ghost, if it still concerns itself with sublunary matters, will have had an uneasy time during the past few weeks, culminating in positive torture daring the last three days; for with one long-premeditated swoop Brunei's ungrateful children of the Great Western Railway have swept off the face of this earth once and for all that broad gauged line which was the pride of his engineering skill and the darling of his heart. The continuous longitudinal sleepers on which the rails were laid, with the light " transoms" at intervals connecting them and keeping them in place, as opposed to the transverse sleepers of other engineers, the strong seawalls on the coast of Devonshire, the wonderful trestle bridges spanning the deep valleys and streams of Cornwall, were all creations of the same master-brain that scorned the mere sordid question of expense in constructing a railway, and insisted on the smoothrunning broad- gauge as the finishing touch which would make the great line to the West of England absolutely the safest and most comfortable travelling road in Great Britain. When the famous "battle of the gauges" was raging at its fiercest the imperious Brunel is said to have declared that if he thought it necessary to have every railway sleeper planed and varnished and every rail enamelled, on his own line, it should be done. For 33 years after his death the spell of his name has been potent enough to withstand the elsewhere universal narrow-gauge and transverse sleeper. But at last the final struggle and rush in the battle of the gauges has taken place, and the last stronghold has been stormed. It has taken a long time to undermine the old fortress in preparation for the final assault of the last few hours. From Paddington to Exeter there has been for some years a treble line of rails on which broad and narrow gauge trains hare been able to travel interchangeably ; but from Exeter to Penzance and Falmoutb, with the exception of a few miles of theu mixed systetn here and there, the broad gauge has maintained its supremacy. Whatever opinion may be expressed as to the comperative comfort enjoyed by passengers travelling on the old or the new sjstem, the transhipment of goods from other parts of the country from the narrow to the broad gauge waggons, and the inconvenience of being obliged to keep up the two systems on a great part of the line, were the chief causes which made the change inevitable. All along the 160 miles of exclusively broad gauge which has now been converted, minute preparations have been in progress for the last few weeks in order that the finishing touches might be put as soon as the signal was given. For more than a week beforehand every tran- som connecting the longitudinals was three- parts sawn through at the exact point which would reduce the 7-ft. distance between the rails to 4 ft. 8½ in., as at present. The space intervening between the old position of the sleeper and rail which had to be moved, and their new position was carefully cleared of all earth and stones, and all that was required was to finish sawing through the transom and to push one sleeper and rail so many inches nearer the other. To accomplish the final conversion in the fifty hours which the Great Western Railway Company allowed itself, an army of 5,000 men was drafted with military precision and posted with military accuracy at given stations all down the line. Dotted along the coast by the picturesque red cliffs from Exeter to Plymouth, imi-j grey granite boulders and on gracpy hilUides from.Plymouth to Penzance, are the white tents which form the encamp ments of this airuy of.ekilled labor, drawn from far distant English midlands, and even from WaJ«. A very pleasant holiday it was for many of the inland men during the cpare hours of rett tbey hid before the real hard work began. By the beautiful coast which fringes tne railway past Starcros-s Dawlith, • and Teignmouth, co like the much-vaunted line from Pisa to Gent a, with its glimpses of blue Eea and fertile shore, ever and anon blotted out by tantalising tunnels, scores ot workmen might bare been seen on Thursday and Friday afternoons wandering over the eauds and rooks and enjoying the glorious scenery and weather which have distinguished the sunniest May known for many years in the We3t of England. Many were collecting treasures in the way of shells and seaweed ; and one ancient navvy, who had probably never bL-held the sea before waa seen to march down to the shore and fill a large medicine bottle with sea water, solemnly cork it, and put it in his packet with the -greatest care! A finer and better behaved body of working men could not be found in the whole kiogdom than this well - trained army nf railway workers, whose occupation, besides mere bodily strength, 'requires skill, discipline, and courage to a very high degree. Mean while an almost endless projession of trucks, trollies, vaus, brakes, and passenger ooachea of all patterns, old and new, went lumbering •long for days towards the shambles at Swiodon, where 15 miles of broad gauge has been laid down for their reception, and where th«y arc being cither mercilessly destroyed as anfit for further use, or transformed by another vast Army of workmen collected there into narrow gauge rolling stock. It is boasted that the change can be effected in 10 minutes, but [cannot vouch for that fact. At the came time"marrow gauged stock, new and converted, has been sent round, via the South-Western .Railway, to Plymouth, that a stock might be aoCti.'Uulated there in readiness for the change. I noticed at Exeter various inscriptions in white chtlk which had been scrawled on the departing phantoms of the old regime as they wound their long lengths slowly through the station. "GoodL-bye, old bone-shaker," waa the legend on one heapy, old-fashioned waggon, •■from the broad way to che narrow way," some Scriptnrally-mindej wag had scribbled on another. Noticeable on Friday afternoon And evening atnon? the heterogeneous collec tion of old plant collected from every nook and cranny of every little station along the line, and now oa its way to Swindon were strings of doleful-looking engines, in all stages of repair and decay, towed by their more for tunate fellows whose fires still burned brightly, and who puffed proudly along the road in the old style for the last time. As soon as the Station sidings were empty they were in a -eery few hours converted to narrow gauge, and by Friday nothing that human forethought ooula devise bad been left undone to make the final conversion a speedy one when once the fated hour should arrive. By this time every alter nate transom had been entirely eawn off at the right place, and tho.-e who watched the line from a few feet off fancied that they wonld rather not be in the last few passenger trains that steamed by. As I did not take the advice of a Hibrrcian friend and app y for a pass to take me all over the line during the piecise period that the traffic was stopped I had to be content with watching the operations on one section of two jnHes. luckily in the most picturesque part of all the beautiful Devonshire coast. The night wa3 mild and calm, aud the moon had not yell risen when a few jniojites after 11 o'clock the last down train leaving London at 5 p.m. flashed past us. The down line was now clear, and the ganger of tbe n< xtsection to ours took the oppoitunity ot beginning operations 4>n that lite at onre. But our ganger knew exactly hou' nmeb time hi' had to spare, and quietly retired to rest early in the evening, ex pressing his intention not to start till 4 a.m. after the last up mail train should have passed on its way to London By the time the mail passed the moon bad risen ; but a very brief reign it enjoyed, for tbe summer dawn was already beginning to brighten tbe eastern sky. Half a dozen empty trains, including the one which had passed cs going westward at 11 the Bight before, followed the mail, and before 5 o'clock the line from Ptnzaoce to Exeter was absolutely clear of all broad-gauge traffic Then, with the sun shining on sea and headland and the birds t-inging gaily among the apple blo&ome;, tbe little cell-appointed company of 60 men ircued from their tent, and to tbe accompaniment of cuckoo, blackbird, and surging wave, the saw severed the remain ing transoms, the great crowbar lifted the longitudinal to its sew position, and hammer and screw were busy on rail and rivet Not one detail had been forgotten. On a straight piece of line tbe operation was simple; but where the curves came and the narrowing of the gauge required a different length of rail there the new rail was found lying ready, and in a few seconds it was rivetted on to the sleeper. Soon after 7 a-in. the whole .of the two miles of down rail was transformed into narrow gauge; by 9 o'clock it had been gone over a second time, tbe gauge had been aocuratejy Jested, the livets had been finally screwed in, and the packing adjusted ; and by this time as far as ordinary mortal could see the line was in perfect condition for travelling As a re markable instance of the unfailing memory for ?U minntfe displayed by the Great Western officials, I obaarred about 10am. a party of navvies trundling: themselves from point to point on tbe upline in a broad-gauge trolly, while another party passed along the already converted down-line on a narrow -gauge trolly. Soon after midday a pilot-engine and break appeared from toe direction of Exeter, and carefully felt their way on the down-line to beyond Teienmoutb, leturningat a higher rate of speed in tbe afternoon. The sections on either side of on* own bad been converted with equal rapidity, and again beyond these sections oo either ride were etn^ies of railway which bad been laid tor some time pant on el«ven-foo? transferee sleepers; here an inner rail pad been placed in readiness some time before, and nothing thetttote was left hot to remove one of tbe outer ones. By three o'clock on Saturday afternoon the gauge on both up and down line had been altered; by mmwt we heard that from Exeter te Plymouth at least, if not the whole way to Falmouth and Penzance, train? could nave been run without much risk. Instead of the fifty hours allowed, the work was in some sort of decent order in twenty, and after the long day's labor on Saturday it waa only necessary to give a few finishing touches to-day. Rivets and bolts were finally proved, and the earth made up compact and firm between the sleepers. 