MORE DREAMERS OF DREAMS. The seers of visions, and the dreamers of dreamsare once more in appalling force to -the ore. It muBt, the Pall Mall Gazette thinks, bto been the recent International Congress of the Society for Psychical Research which has inspired them anew. The papersand periodicals ™ uavs siieir - consignment ot gnosts, clair voyants, and somnambulists; and a diligent narrator and compiler has also taken a timely hint and published — to judge by the 'get up' with an eye to the literature of the traveller and tourist— a book on the same absorbing subjects. Part of its title is ' Day Visions and Jlairvoyant Night Dreams,' and its author is as. Joseph Darby, whose name is familiar to hypnotisers .and other persons of hypnotic iendeneies (Simpkin, Marshall, & Co.) The book begins and ends with a little.sermonising on the subjects under discussion, but otherwise the 127 pages are full of good stories. A few of them are not quite as new as they might be, but all are readable. , : XOED TEKKTSOK'S WAKING TRANCE. A friend having communicated to the Poet Laureate certain strange feelings and mental conditions he had experienced when passing from under the influence of anaesthetics, the poet replied : — ' I have never had any revela tions through anaesthetics; but a kind of waking trance (this for lack of a better name) I have frequently had, quite np from boyhood, when I have been all alone. This has often come upon me through repeating my own name to myself silently, till, all at once, as it were, out of the intensity ^jf the consciousness of in ividuality, the individuality itself seemed to dissolve and fade away into boundless being, and this not a confused state, but the clearest of the clearest, the surest-of the surest, utterly -eyond words, where death was an almost laughable impossibility, the loss of personality (if so it were) seeming no extinction, but the only true life. I am ashamed of my feeble description. Have 1 not said the state is utterly beyond words?' GOETHE AND HIS GHOST. The next authority giving evidence for the case of day visions is none other than Goethe, who has told the following story:—' I saw not with tee eyes of the body but with those of the mind — my own figure coming towards me on horseback, in the came road, attired in a dress I had never worn. Eight years after I found myself in the same road to pay one more visit to Frederica, and I was then in the same dress I had dreamed of.' A CHOSTLT SWEDE.' . ?' - ...Swedenborgians will fee plad to'add the fol lowing interesting item to their store of facts concerning the founder -of their sect :-='A respectable man in Stockholm bought an estate of another, .paid for it, and received an acknowledgment. The purchaser died soon after, and not long afterwards the seller de manded payment of the widow, threatening 'that non- compliance would cause him to re take possession again. The widow was terri fied, for she knew her husband had paid, but after making a most minute searoh she was unable to find proof anywhere. As the deceased had been on kindly terms with the Russian ambassador she had recourse to him, who, being well aware what assistance Strden borg had' afforded in such cases, promised the widow that he would talk over her case with him. Some days after Swedenborg came to the ambassador, and bade him tell the widow that on a certain night her husband would appear to her, and give direct information where the receipt was secreted. This was awful to contemplate, but, as impending ruin stared her in the face, she determined to Bit up on the night in question, keeping her maid, however, with her. But the latter fell into a deep sleep, and all efforts of the widow were unavailing to keep her awake. At midnight the deceased appeared. He looked grave, as though displeased, and then pointed out the plaoB where the receipt lay in a liotle desk, in another room, attached to tte wall, on which he disappeared. The widow went the next morning to the place he had indicated, and there found the receipt.' ' GENTLEMEN, I GIVE YOU A. SIGH.' And here is John Wesley himself as witness of the powers of one of the latter-day prophet seers. He wrote: — 'A little before the con clusion of the late war in Flanders, one who came from thenoe gave us a very strange rela tion. Jonathan Pyrah was a member of our society. I knew him for some years to be a mm of nnblunable character. One dav he was summoned to appear before .the board of general officers, who said, 'What is this that we hear of yon, that you are turned prophet and foretell the downfall of the bloody house of Bourbon- and the haughty house of Austria? We should be glad if you were a real prophet, but what sign do you give to convince us that you are so? He readily answered, 'Gentle men,- I give' you a sign. - To-morrow, at 12 o'clock, you shall have such a storm of thunder and lightning aa you have not had before since yon came into Flanders. I give you a second . sign— as little as any of you expeoo it you shall have a general engagement with the French within three days. Igiyeyouathirdsign. Ishall be ordered to advauoein the first line. If lama false prophet I shall be shot dead at the first discharge, but if a true one I shall only receive a musket ball in the calf of my left leg.' All this was verified. The storm came, and the battle of Fontenoy on the third day, and st the very first discharge he received the musket ball in the calf of his left leg.' : A SCOTCH STORY. In the chapter on * ' Property . Found or Re covered by Clairvoyant) Dreams' occur several amusing stories. One runs thus : — * ' A clergy man in a country parish in Scotland made a collection at his church for an object of publio benevolence in which he felt deeply interested. -The amount of the collection, which was re ceived in ladles carried through the church, fell greatly short of his expectations, and through the evening of the day he. frequently ' alluded to this with expressions of much disap pointment In the following night he dreamed that three £l-pound notes had been left in one of the ladles, having been so oempressed that -they had stuck in the corner when the ladles were emptied. He was so impressed by the vision that at an early hour in the morning he went to the church, found the ladle which he had seen in his dream, and drew from one corner of it three £1- pound notes.' AND AN IBISH ONE. A farmer's wife dreamed that she '.was walk ing near the house of a .rejected lover, one O'Flauagau,- attended by a beautiful hound, of which she was fond, when a raven dashed at him, killed him, and tearing put his heart, flew away with it She next imagined that she [was running home, and that .she met a funeral, and from the coffin blood flowed upon . the ground. The bearers placed it at her feet, opened the lid, and exhibited her husband murdered, and bis heart torn out Sheawoke, as might be expected, in great terror. ~ But here follows the most incomprehensible part of the narrative. Her husband entertained an idiot cousin in the house, and he, in doggerel rhyme, repeated the very same dream to a gossip, to whom the -farmer's wife had related hers. That very night the farmer.. was. murdered ; and the next morning the poor . idiot, to the horror of all, exclaimed as he rose from his bed, 'UKck'— Uliok Magnire was the farmer's name— 'is kilt! Shamus dhu More kilt him' {Shamus dhu More O'Flaua gan — big black James) 'and buried him under the new ditch.at the back of the garden. I dreamed it last night— every word of it' Searoh was made at the spot indicated by the dream, and the body was found with the skull nearly cleft, in two. In the meanwhile O'Flanagan absconded and enlisted, but was subsequently arrested, confessed bis crime, and wasexeouted. ; 