CORRESPONDENCE, THE MURCHISON GOLDFIELDS NEGLECTED! "TENDERS are invited from persons willing to contract for the proper Government of all that portion of Western Australia North of Perth, tenders to be based, on a percentage on the revenue collected. Present tariff add other imposts to remain intact." TO THE EDITOR, , SIR,—If some such advertisement as the above were to appear in the next Government Gazette, we might hope that the goldfields would not suffer much longer from sheer neglect. This is written from Mount Magnet, a gold- field which has been worked for quite nine months, yet we have no mail { newspapers never come to hand, but letters sometimes turn up quite by chance, often six months after date. There is neither police protection nor a Government representative of any sort here. Taking advantage of this neglect, the blacks have frequently robbed the diggers' tents during their absence at work, and, having got scot free, have become bolder, and quite recently tents were stripped bare of food and clothing, within fifty yards of the workings. Men known to have died in the bush have been allowed to remain unburied for months, and have eventually been interred without—as far as I am aware—any official enquiry as to the cause of death. Others laid up with fever, have been saved from deathly starvation and thirst, by the accidental discovery that they were lying helpless in their tents, not one hundred yards from other camps, and have thus had their sufferings prolonged only to die at last from want of medical attendance, and the necessary authority which could compel their removal to an hospital. Further, persons are known to have been trading with traps and teams to the goldfields for many months selling goods, and also liquors openly without the ghost of a license. This latter trade has also been done by settled residents, yet no effort has been made to stop this illicit traffic or to protect the revenue. . Every digger whether he gets gold or not, must have a miner's right. Yet these persons are allowed to carry on their trading making big profits, free of tax, and without fear of penalty. If a few score of diggers' lives are of no account in the eyes óf the Government, one would at least expect they would be careful to see that the revenue should not suffer. The above statements are,literal facta and if they be not sufficient to form matter for a "no confidence" motion, I think our goldfield, representatives will scarcely win their spurs. Other matters of importance in the near future should be looked to at once. Reserves should be made at stated places along the tracks and around the different camps, for unless the feed is preserved no digger will be able to keep a horse, and cartage will continue at the present high rates. Now also is the time to be boring for water ; in a month or two water will be at famine prices in certain localities unless steps.be taken at once. Trusting that this letter may not be too long for insertion. I am, Yours truly, WISP. 