SPORTING NEWS FB0M MEL BOURNE. Bv ' NrmQTJAar Dobhio.' Melbourne, November 26. The TtjrF. 'After th«» Storm— the Calm'; and that' s how matters are with us just at present. Certainly we have the entries for the Standisa and Bagot Handicaps to cast our eyes over ; but we will not have the weights therefore until Monday, 5th De cember, and therefore there's no utility in speculating on possible eventualities in that connection. Of course we have had the usual crop of proprietary coarse fixtures ; but here again the proceedings have been 'stale, flat and unprofitable/' and, eo far as horse racing in Victoria is at piesent con cerned, the refrain is a pronounced ' Ich»b od !' Perhaps it is the fast that the V.A. T.C. and V.K.C. meetings proved so ' un profitable' to the general public that accounts for the present stagnation in racing matters ; and certes it is rather depressing to ruminate over the possible 'diwy' that might have been paid out over Glenloth for tbe Melbourne Cup had the Legislative Council only deemed it ad visable to pass the Totalisator Ac*-. It is on record that a horse named D.O.D. ence panned out a dividend of £836 for a one pound investment in the Goodwood Handi cap at- Adelaide ; and I am very firm in the faith that had the 'infernal machine' been in vogue last Spring Meeting at Fleming ton this huge dividend wanld have been ex ceeded over Glenleth. Personally I am extremely sorry that it wasn't in vogue, as I gave Glenloth a winning chance, along ?with The Admiral and Malpoiio.the evening before the race, when I first ?. btained reli able information that he could stay every yard of the two mi'es. For all that, had it been a dry day, I feel convinced The Ad miral would have won. According to a late copy of The In qutbbb, I notice that Mr. G. A. Towton has been awarded the sum of £C0 by the Go vernment of West Australia as compensa tion for iniuries sustained bv-his racine mare Ina, through colliding with a wire fence of the railway. The particulars are not to hand, but the case is noteworthy, inasmuch as a curious point has arisen with regard to one of our late visitors from New South Wales, Mr. E. Keys, the owner of E.K. and Buenalf. It appears that Keys despatched these horses by train from Bed fern station, Sydney, to Melbourne, and accompanied them himself. Everything went all right as far as Wodonga, tbe start of the Victorian section of the overland journey ; but here, despite the protestations of the owner, the horse-box containing the horses was transferred on to a cattle train, which stops at every siding where there may be a bullock or two to pick up. It was in vain that Keys protested, and offered to pay any sum in reason for the horse-box to be attached to the 'special' train; they would not listen to him. At last be was forced to give way, and then the trouble began. The first two or three stopping places were negotiated with some little care; but as time grew on the man at the brake applied it in all sorts of ways when pulling up or starting, and the more vehemently Keys denounced him and thieaten-i to re port his conduct the worse the disability occurred. To' make matters worbe the horses were fixed head and stern, In stead of across midship, so that at every jolt their bead*: weu'd come into concussion with the end of the box, or vice versa. Buenalf (by Grand Flaneur — Olga), a three-year-old colt that Keys considered had an excellent chance in the Melbourne Cup, was so injured that not alone was he unable to take part in the Spring cam paign, but it is extremely improbable that he will ever race again. Under the cir cumstances. Keys considers he has a just claim for damages against the Victorian Government, but as he took his tickets out under New South Wules regulations it is more than likely he will have to bring a separate action in the Supreme Court of each colony. 'lhe protest against Etra Weenie, the winner of the Oaks, on the plea tbat Chris Moore, her rider, wilfully caused her t- jostle and bore the favourite, Trieste, out from the rails t» close on the other side (f the straight running, was dismissed on the third day of the meeting, when the charge was brought ; but the J. B. Clark syndicate and their friends were not satisfied with this, acd appealed to the committee of the Victoria facing Club for a re- hearing of tbe case, as also additienal evidence. This came on last Monday, with the result that the appeal was dismisf ed and the action of the stewards thereby confirmed. This has aroused the ire of Mr. James Liddle Pur ves, the ' eminent ' Queen's Counsel, who, in an evidently '* indemnified ' report of an interview which appears in the Sporting Standard of last week, descends to the lowest abu-e to try and besmirch the fair fame of those stewards who failed to look at the occurrence through bis spectacles. It appears that on the first inquiry, at the time of the protest, one of the stewards re fused to act because he had backed Etra Weenie, whilst Mr. Septimus Miller also wished to withdrtw because be was mone tarily interested in the victory of Trieste. Mr. Miller couldn't possibly be 6pared, hewever, and so he sat and adjudicated on the ess2. Mr. Purves owns tbat he had money on Trieste, and yet he charges the committee wi;h bringing in an ' infamous ' decision, of perpetrating a:- grots miscar riage of justice,' of 'prostituting their positions,' and so foith It is exceedingly amusing to read how this legal luminary chinged front when he was called up«n to tell a man, instead of a boy, he was stating a falsehood ; the particular piece of evidence he gave befo.e the committee being re ported by the Sporting Standard as fol lows : — ?' Mr. Purves was warmly cross-examined by Mr. Power, the owntr of Etra Weenie. He was asked what he would say if Chris. Moore said the mare ran a bee line course, and very true. ' If Chris. Moore says that,' the Q.C. replied, ' then he teils a deliberate fals~h)od.' A further question was put to Mr. Farres as to what he would say if a similar statement was made by Mr. George Watson. ? Why,' was the wpiy, ' Mr. Wat sro can know or say nothing about it, bo cause he told me he saw nothing of it at all.' ' You will perceive that the ' eminent'' -j.C. wrs 'too jolly frightened' (as the blackfeliows put it) to say that Mr. George Wstscn ' told a deli berate falsehood' (when, he corroborates Chris. Moore's evidence in every paiticu'ar) even though the old Curragh of Kildare hero has long passed the three score years and ten allowed to man. The circumstance tends to emphasize the opinion formed at the time (albeit bis Dutch courage), when he lectured Mr. Justice Hodges until the latter sent for the Sheriff. Here is a choice piece of the Q.C.'s evidence concerning the late protest. Kind ly take particular notice of the ital icised portions thereof: — In answer to the interviewer's question — 'What was your pocition in this matter, Mr Purves ?' the Q C. replied — ' I was stationed in the little box over the weighing scales. This teat the best position, bar none, front which to vietc what occurred. It was impossible for the stewards to see what was going on — quite impossible. Well, to put it shortly, for fully a distance, Moore, on Etra- Weenie, was locked against Trieste, forcing the latter from her position near the rails, and sending her right over to the judge's box. I never saw anything more deliberate. Of course, it is imnossible to say whether Trieste would have won, but Mr. Clark «u entitled to the rare for bare faced jo-tiing. As soon as the race was over, Lord Jersey, who was standing next to me, declared that Trieste should eet tbe race, and all of us said—' Oh, Etra-Wennie cannot get it, because she interfered with Trieste.' When the bones were returning to the scale folly 6000 people sang out 'Protest.' It is a long time since the public saw through anything so clearly. After tbe race I spoke to Mr. McCviloch, as he was in the best position of all for seeing what went on. He quite agreed with all I had seen, and described events exactly as I saw them. Going up to luncheon I met Mr. George Watson, Who said that he saw absolutely nothing of tbe occurrence.' K«w, notwithstanding the 5000 people (not 4999 mark you ! or even 5001 ; but the fair level 5000 !) who sang out ' Protest '-'' or the fact that ' All of us '— tbafe L Jersey and Co., all said— 'Oh, Etra-Weenie can not get it, because she interfered with Trieste ; or the other fact tbat the eminent Q.C. was 'in the best position bar none for seeing what occurred ' ; or still another fact that Mr. E. J. McCulloch (the judge) ' was in the position of nil for seeing what went on,' I may as well inform mv readers that away up in the centre of the upper Grand Stand, fuliy half a furlong closer to the ecene of action, and looking right down on the whole proceeding, were foregathered together from 20 to 30 members of the Fourth Estate in our own private sanctum sauctorium; and devil the mother's son of us saw any jostling or interfer ence — albeit the majority of us had our few beans on the favourite. What we did see was a fair ' duikum' struggle from about a furlong and a half from home, towards the finish of which the daughter of Chester went down before the Trenton filly, as Chester's stock always do go down when ever they get anything to race alongside and pinch them. That Etra Weenie did pinch her was made manifest by the fact that the last 6 furlongs were traversed in 1 min. 15 sec. and, as Trieste started with Insomnia and finished up with Etra Weenie, it stands to reason that the latter must have accomplished the distance in even less time, seeing that she was fully three lengths behind Insomnia at tbe six-furlong post. So must Trieste, who was behind Etra Weenie agnin. No wonder they both bored out from the rails a trifle whilst going at such a tremendous bat the last furlong of six with Sit. 101b. on their backs ! And-as a matter of fact, they did both shift out ; but as for any jostling or interference on Meqre's part tbe thing was all moonshine. Chris. Moore is for from being popular with the stewards, Tripste was a warm favourite, and therefore it looked ' odds on' a verdict in favor of tbe protest. I have not the pleasure of Mr. Jack Realty's acquaintance, bnt as I have heard casually that he is not 'half a bad sort,' I shall just quote the following from to-day's Sporting Standard, in connection with bis recent attempt to purchase or lease Port eea : — ' Some negotiation took place recent ly for the sale of a well-known Victorian horse to go to Western Australia. The parties could not come to terms, but the bold bidder had a big card in reserve. He asked for the loan of the horse for two months, and offered the princely considera tion of £150. Our friend from the Bight might gratify hiE modest ambition at tbe South Yarra pony course, and advance from there by gradual stages to a compre hension of what racing really means.' Thaf s up against Beany*s duekhonse. By the way, if Beany ?wantePortsea very badly, as I am a personal friend of F. W. Purebes I might get him for say a couple of thou sand pounds. Jonathan Brown, who had been V.B.C. ranger for 33 years, died at his residence, Flemington Racecourse, last Tuesday, and had an immense funeral on Thursday. He was 70 yeare of age. Singapore never recovered the accident he experienced on falling in the V.B.C. Handicap at the late V.K.C. Spring Meet ing and yielded up the ghost last week. It was ' bard diozzIp ' for Singapore, as it was to have been his lost race prior to leav ing the post for the paddock. 1 his is a fair specimen of the childish babble that occasionally appears in the ' Sporting Standard': — ' West Australian bandicappers apparently despise Melbourne Cup favourites as small potatoes when com pared with the giant tubers of the West. What do you think of Wandering Willie, in the Perth Cup having to concede Poiteea lOlbs.?' According to how I fix things up it would be ponnds to shillings on the Wandering covey ' downing ' little Porteea (he is only a handful) if they meet in your colony at the respec'ive weights allotted them in the Perth Cap. But there's not the slightest probability of their doing eo. There is such a thing looming ahead as the Australian Cap — to sa-y nothing about tbe Champion Stakes. The following letter, in acknowledgment of a resolution of condolence which was adopted by tin council of tbe Eoyal Colonial Institute on the death of the late Poet Laureate, has been addressed to the secre tary of the Institute by the present Lord Tennyson : — '? Aldworth, Haslemere, Ccc. 15, 1892.' Dear Sir, — Let me say for my mother and myself how very grateful we are for the expression of kind sympathy from the council of the Boyal Colonial Iustitute- The resolution regarding my father is indeed precious to us. One of the deepest desires of his life was to help the realisation of the ideal of an Empire by the most intimate union of every part of our British Empire. He believed that every different member so united would, with a heightening of in dividuality to each member, give such strength and exeatne38 and stability to the whole as would make our Empire a faithful andfearlesleader in all that is good through out the world. — fours faithfully,— Hailam Tknnt*on. J. S. O'Halloran, Esq., Boyal Colonial Institute.' Attention is called to Sir. Jas. E. Bar ratfs advertisement of his Wellington Nursery, now removed about 200 yards from bis Lve premises, recently resumed for railway purposes. Considering tbe short time which has elapsed since the removal of this nursery the improvements already effected give promise of very great things in the course of a year or two. Mr. Barrett to:-k a number of prizes at the late Horti cultural Show, and at the present moment has the finest collection of Gladioli and Dahlias in bloom which has ever been seen in this colony. Mr. Robert Smith, of Barrack-street, has been showing dming the psst few days some remarkably fine Epecimens of cabbages grown in the Buubury district, and recently exhibited at one of tbe local show6 in that each of the specimens turns the scale at 30 lbs. weight. On Saturday last a meeting of the credit ors of Mr. J.G. Gregory was held at the office of Mr. Moss, solicitor. The liabilities wore stated to amount to £170. An offer of 10a. in the £ was accepted by those creditors who were present. 