DEATH OF CARDINAL MANNING. The death of Cardinal Manning, which was announced on Thursday, 14th inst., was not expected in Australia, for at the' date of the departure of the latest mail his Eminence enjoyed his usual health. In the deceased Cardinal the Church has lost one of her most brilliant members, and the English poor a persevering and untiring benefactor. The part which Cardinal Manning played during the recent dock strike drew attention from all classes to the grand old man whose life at Westminster has been one continuous labour for the welfare of his fellow-creatures, particularly those of them whose bread depended upon the toil of their hands. No difference of religious belief or nationality was recognised by the saintly old Cardinal when he had good work to do. His heart and sympathy went forth as freely to the afflicted Jews in Russia as it did a few years earlier to his famine-stricken co-religionists in Ireland, and how . much his labours on behalf of both were appreciated by the Jews and the Irish was fully shown in the addresses which were presented to his Eminence at the periods referred to on behalf of these people. During the dock strike of 1890, morning after morning brought in the news of the disinterested and untiring efforts he was making to bring about peace between the wealthy dock corners and the poverty-stricken labourers. We know, too, how he did not content himself with striving to join the hands of both parties, but personally administered relief to the most afflicted of the strikers. No wonder that such a prince as Cardinal Manning was loved and respected throughout the whole world. All that he did was done with an unselfishness and thoroughness remarkable in itself, and when we cotae to look back over the forty rears of his life in the Catholic Church, we wonder at the vast amount of gigantic undertakings accomplished by that weak man old even before he put on the sacerdotal garb. His life, from .the day he laid aside the surplice of the Anglican minister up to the time of his death, was one of intense self-denial. He kept the flame of physical nature burning but to keep the physical powers vigorous enough to obey the mandates of his spiritual nature. So simple were the great prelate's habits that he subsisted entirely upon fruit, bread, and watfer, often sitting at a banquet, where the highest ill the land regaled themlelves with every expensive luxury, and partaking of nothing but dry bread. His heart was with the poor and oppressed, and no doubt he asked himself the question—What right have I to revel while so many starve ? We shall not attempt to mention the great and noble deeds of his pure and •exalted life. He would be an egotistical being who could persuade himself that he could begin to enumerate' great deeds in a long life that was all great deeds. Sufficient for us to try and show in our humble way that we appreciate the great titan's real greatness, his Christ-like love and self- denial. His very smallest deed was one of mighty goodness and divine significance, and as worthy of chronicling aS his more public acts, which were only weighter than the more secret deeds through having a; large audience to witness them.' Cardinal Manning 1 was & son of the late Wm. Manning, M.P.,. merchant, of London. He was born at Totteridge, Hertfordshire, on . 15th July, 1808, and was educated at Harrow and Baliol College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in first-class honours in 1830, and became Fellow of Merton College. He was for some time one of the select preachers in the University of Oxford, and was appointed Hector 6f Lavington and Graff ham, Sussex, in 1884, and Archdeacon of Chichester in 1840. These preferments he resigned in 1851 on joining the Boman Catholic Church, in which he was ordained priest: In 1857 he founded a house of the Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo at Baysftater. The degree of.D.D. wa& conferred upOnhim at Rome, together with the office of Provost of the Archdiocese' of Westminster, frrothonotary Apostolic, and .Domestic Prelate to the Holy Father. After the death of his Eminence Cardinal Wiseman, Monsighor Manning was consecrated Archbishop of Westminster on 8th June, 1865. Pope Pius IX. created him a Cardinal Priest on 15th March, 1875, the title assigned him being that of SS. Andrew and Gregory of the Coelian hill. The same pontiff invested him with : ihe Cardinal's hat at afconsistory held at the Vatican on 31st December, 1877. Dr. Manning was a Voluminous "writer, among his works being: .—"The Grounds of faith," "Temporal Sovereignly of tbePopVs," " The LastGlories of the Holy See Greater than the First," " The Present Crisis Of the Holy See Tested by Prophecy," " The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ," "Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects," "Letters to an Anglican Friend," "The Temporal Mission Of the Holy' Ghost," "The Reunion of Christendom," "The Temporal Power of the Pope in its Political. Aspect," " The Centenary of St. Peter and the Genera! Council," " England and Christendom," "'Ireland: a Letter to Earl Grey," "Th^iInfallibility of the Roman Pontiff," "The Vatican Council and its Definitions, 4 ' " Petri Privilegium," " The Four Great Events of the Day," The Fourfold Sovereignty of God," The Damon of Socrates," " Cmsarism and Ultramontanism," " The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost," "The True Story of the Vatican Council," "The Catholic Church and Modem Society," and " The Eternal Priesthood," besides numerous sermons and panphlets. After hii consecration Archbishop Man- ; ning at once commenced an energetic campaign in the cause of total abstinence, setting an example himself by relinquishing the very small modicum of wine he had been in the habit of taking at meal time, and preaching the doctrine amongst rich as well as poor. The earnestness of the Archbishop in this matter surprised his friends, and he created still more surprise by addressing open air temperance meetings in the poor quarters of the city, with a furniture van for a platform. He never relinquished the crusade, and by his importunity induced Pius IX. to issue a rescript, drawing the attention of the clergy to the increase among many nations of drunkenness, and to the praisesrorthiness of total abstinence as an example to the weaker brethren. He was the founder of the League of the Cross, which has now been established in almost every city where the English languagi • T ,, . ~ . '' o . L it^-iT primary education through .. his Ws means ™ JItfc the Roman Catholic schools were brought up to the standard of efficiency to obtain the Council of'Education capitation grant a year or two before the Compulsory Education Act was passed, and the board schools, answering to the Victorian State schools, were established. On his return to England, after being created Cardinal, he continued his work of providing schools for the poor Catholics, and about this time, in reply to a deputation anxious that he should sanction an active canvass for funds to build a Roman Catholic Cathedral on ground secured some years previously at the rear of Victoriastreet, Westminster, he said that he would not lay the foundation stone until schools had been provided for all the poor Catholic children in London, a task which then was straining the'Iunds of that denomination to the utmost. The Cardinal was equally solicitous about the higher education of Roman Catholics. ' His persistent crusade against drunkenness brought him into frequent contact, with {philanthropists of all creeds, and liy 1880 j&e; was one of the recognised leaders of the new movement for the rights of labour. Like everything else the Cardinal took in hand, he worked at every detail of the- new movement,- doi«g- faj6 best to organise the enthusiasm on behalf of the poverty-stricken crowd of labourers into permanent relief. The problem was vast,and nothing but time could work a change ; meanwhile,{the-Cardinal gained the confidence of the outcasts; and when thefirstgreat upheaval came—the memorable dockera' strike—Cardinal Manning was 'acclaimed*,"by the public as one of the arbitrators Ifo settle the dispute. How well he accomplished the task was proved by the reproach of the capitalists that he was the advocate of the working men rather than the arbitrator in the dispute. The success of Cardinal Manning with the people was the more suqirising, as he possessed- none of the gifts which make a great man popular. He was by no means a platform orator, his voice, though clear, 'being soft and utterly devoid of modulation. In the pulpit his tall; spare form and ascetio features impressed his congregation, and every now and then his evenly-balanced elocution would be broken by a clear, Bharp sentence of such pungent application that'it rang in the listener's ears as if proclaimed "with trumpet sound, yet the voice had never been raised beyond the usual register. Writing of the Cardinal, Mr. Stead, the well-known English journalist, says:-"In a long journalistic life of near'twenty years, I have met many men of all sorts and Conditione, and I hare known intimately some of the foremost of our time. Among all those I have never met anyone who was-more tolerant of differences of opinion, more charitable in his construction of motives, and more stanch and true when you- needed help of any kind that was within his power to render, than Cardinal Manning, Whatever may be my faults or my virtues, I canhardly be said, even by my worst enemies, to be the easiest and least trying of people to get on with. Never since the first conversation has there ever been a difficulty with the Cardinal. He has always been good and kind, faithful alike in reproof and encouragement, a true friend in every time of need." His sympathy with the young is thus described :—" His love for children is with him an abiding passion, and it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director of the society for the UllCULUl ui W1C OVWCIiV 1M1 prevention of cruelty to children, which has been so extraordinarily misrepresentedby Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published. The Child of the English Savage,' that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of our people to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the Cardinal that her Majesty in timated her intention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society; and in the Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and invaluable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Many have been the speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in history. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the hour, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others as 19th century Loyola; but I prefer to think of him as the loving-hearted old man who, when his heart is filled with ecstasy after meditation on the life and love of our Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks and silently bless them in the name of Him who- said, ' Suffer little children to- come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven.' " When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those who really eared for the Empire and believed in England, and were capable of taking wide views. In my list of those who answered to . that description I put the Cardial it'the top.-,'A trper, patriot never breathed English air. Dhring all the years that I have known hirn'there has never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at home that he has not been in the'forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening of the navy,' the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the development of the volunteers, the cheapening of postage over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial federation, you could always count upoh the Cardinal." In a paragraph beaded "the Christian Socialist" the Cardinal's attitude to social questions was sketched:—" The social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of tho people, the improvement of their homes, the removal of their temptations—all questions relating to the amelioration of their lot— are constantly with him. He is in hot revolt against tho stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that a starving man bos a natural right to his neighbour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of property. Thine is an. admirable article in the third volume of his " Miscellanies," which is entitled " A Plead- ing for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spirit of jHim,who came to seek and to save those who are lost. Nor is it only articles that the Cardinal: preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike, of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory, he only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale.' This is how Mr. Stead brings the sketch to a close, and his feelings will be echoed by the hundreds of people who knew the Cardinal personally, • and the thousands who only knew of him through his good deeds and inspiriting eloquence:—" Sincemyfatherdied there has been no man who has been so good to me, so helpful, so loving, and so true as Cardinal Manning. And as lie has been to me, so ou he no has been UUC11 to l,U a tk great tlLKHV UlUlLifaUUU multitude which no man can number of obscure, unknora, despised, and broken-hearted and women, to whom in their darkest hour of misery and despair he has appeared as a blessed minister of love and hope." THE LATE DR. HENRY EDWARD MANNING, Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster. 