REV. SILAS MEAD, M.A., LL.B. Baptist. Early in the year 1860 the Hon. G. F. Angas wrote to Dr. Angus, of the Baptist College, Regent's Park, London, expressing his desire to see a Baptist minister settled in South Adelaide. There were two churches in North Adelaide, one under the pastorate of the Rev. Geo. Prince, and the other of the Rev. Geo. Stonehouse. Dr. An<rus forwarded the letter to Mr. Silas Mead, who had recently completed his course of study in the Regent's Park College, and who was then roading for degrees in the London University. Mr. Mead expressed his willingness to leave England for Adelaide when the examinations for which he was then preparing should be over. Having success- fuHy graduated as M.A., LL.B., he accepted the invitation sent to him from Adelaide, at which place he arrived on July 13, 1861. Mr. Mead has now been for thirty-one years the pastor of this his first church. His ministry has been a very laborious and a very successful one. There is no minister in Australia who is more widely known and more highly esteemed among the Baptist Churches. Mr. Mead has made the Flinders-street Church the centre of very efficient and widespread denominational operations. From its situation it is more central than any other church, and its ample conveniences of lecture hall, class rooms, &c; have been as freely and hospitably devoted to denomina tional requirements as if they had been the property of the public. There are especially two institutions round which the sympathies of the South Australian Churches gather, and which have always found Fliniers-street Church to be the rallying point, and Mr. Mead to be the mainspring. The first of these is the South Australian Baptist Association, which has been the means of uniting? the divided atoms into an organized denomination, and of establishing and sustaining churches throughout the land I he second is the Furreedpore Mission. Mr. Mead is filled with a most complete enthusiasm for the evangeliza tion of the_ heathen. It is very largely by his means that a missionary spirit has pervaded not only the Baptist Churches of South Australia, but of the enfire Southern Hemisphere. His labours have been wonderfully varied. For several years he was one of the Professors in Union College ; and he has throughout his ministry devoted much time and labour to the training of students for the ministry. He has used his pen very extensively, but chiefly in serial literature. There is one valuable treatise by him, entitled " Scripture Immersion." His theological position is- that of the solid evangelical doctrines. He accepts the Bible as, in the most unique sense, the Word of God. The work accomplished by Jesus in His death he holds to have been an atonement which includes both expiation and propitiation. He has a true hatred of all that of late has been indicated by the expression, " Down grade." But there is no doctrine that he deems more cardinal and vital than that of the power of a present Saviour and of tho indwelling of the Holy Ghost. He believes that that power is available for holy living and for daily Christian work. In his own personal qualities ho is possessed of boldness of conception, reso luteness of will, power of organization, and marked perseverance in work ; but for success in every enterprize he has unconquerable faith in prayer. When all other means fail he regards prayer as a resource that cannot fail ; and thus he often undertakes enterprizes that seem verjr much like a forlorn hope, not becauso he has con fidence in human resources, but because ho puts unbounded trust in the living God ; and his faith is not deceived. 