NEEDLES "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Fine. Cool. Theatre. Football. Pugilism. Smallpox. Port races. Pony races. Cyclorama. A knock-out. Smoke social. Shares down. Kanaka labor. Elder expedition. Seed distribution. The Hubhe board, Pastoralista' Union. Christian sociology. A oordial reception. Fa rir era'conference. "The Shaughraun." North versus South. Breaches of promise. Mr. Dibbs in London. Gladstonian manifesto. Depression in Victoria, O'Brien v. Fitzsimmons. Hudson's Surprise Party. Baron von Billow is dead. Exporb duty on sheepskins. Laughter versus liquidation. Governor Hill badly beaten. Sydney organist coming to Sydney. A clergyman affected with smallpox. Comedy lectures in the Theatre Royal. "No news is good news," says Dr. Whit tell. Three passengers by the Oroya still missing. A fishing boat ashore at Cane Jervls, Hands saved. ~ 3 piandaPPearS 60 1,9 S°iDg on weU ai TJjfre are 1,200 miners on the Murchisou go.Qfeeia, The Port Racecourse in grand condition for to-day s meet. ,^vf yea"' imprisonment for starving a child to death. 0 Max O'Rell commences a season in Adelaide on Saturday next. Two more persons added to the list of those on Torrens Island. South Australian footballers cordially re ceived m Melbourne. The South Australian Rowing Association holds a smcke social to-night. A very old resident of Alberton joined the great majority on Friday morning. Dr. Toll goes down to Torrens Island to day to vaccinate the Oroya passengers. The author of "John Bull and his Island" next ^ aC Theatre K°y»1 on Saturday Mr. Richard Cadbury has handed over to S1 8 ? residence, Moseley Hall, which he has partially endowed as a conva lescent home for children. The institutionlhas accommodation for 150 beds, and with the £3^000 Wm6nb 18 eatimated t0 ba worth There were 15,131 lost and starving doga re ceived into the Home at Battersea in the ? q ir homes were found for 3,245, and 1,162 were restored to their owners. The cats' house had received 676 in mates, and 183 cats had been cared for during their owners absence from town. . From 1881 to 1891 the United Kingdom wai in no year free from outrages of the kind which are now creating snoh consternation in Paris and between 1881 and 18S5 no fewer than twenty-nine persons were convicted in connec tion therewith, of whom seventeen were sen tenced to penal servitude for life, two for twenty years, and only two got off with less than seven years. If the recommendations of her _ Majesty s inspectors of explosives ba carried out some general measure or agreement a™°Dg.„clvd]sed countries wil1 be arrived at that will render the existence of a parson guilty of this olass of crime everywhere intolerable. GLEANINGS OP HUMOR. Smith—"So you are a poet? And may I ask how you make your living?" Ronde (Jn, i win all the fasting competitions of chs season." Men who,lay wagers hatch disappointments. Ine politician who clamors for "afree inter change of opinion" should attend a sewing-bee. A bicyclist upon'a country road may not be a penitent man, but he is often bowed down in the dust. • ."^e are organising a piano club. Will you join. 'Cheerfully. What pianist do you propqse to club first?" It is easy for the small boy to " make a clean breast of it,5 but the rub comes when you want him to wash his neck. "Papa,"said Kenniboy, "did mamma use to make you stop doing things you wanted to do when yon were as little as me?" , This milk tastes as if it was watered," said Mr. Bronson. "I know it is, papa," said lommy; SI saw the.cow takin' a drink myself." Husband (who stayed at home)—"Did you enjoy the service, my dear?" Wife—"Did I? Well, there wasn't a woman in the whole church who had on as stylish a bonnet as mine." When you find two women converging to-day With earnestness, it net afraid To listen, you'll suiely hear one of them say, "And how are you having it made 1" "Arthur," said a good-natured father bo his young hopeful, "I did not know until to-day that you bad been whipped at school la3t week, "Didn't you know it, pa 1 I knew it at the time." Miss Giddigush—"Mr. Crusty, did you see the Coomgton baby? Do tell me how it looked." Old Crusty—" Urn—ah! It is quite small, clean-shaven, red-faced, and looks'like a hard drinker." Featherstone—"Do you believe in ghosts?" Travers—" Well, foryearslhave been living in a haunted house." Featherstone—" You don'b !?3l me ? Who is it haunted by?" Travers— "Ey my tailor." Mrs. Wither-by—" Your old clothes man was around to-day.-' Witherby (grimly)—"Tell him next time that if he wants to look at any old clothes of mine he will have to call at the office and see them on me." Tom Collins—"The singing of the ohurch choir to-day reminded me of an experience I had the other night returning from the club." "What was it?"—"It took me about half an hour to strike the right key." She—"Will you write to me on your return to'college?" Edinburgh'student—" Why—er— you know I can't write." She—" Oh, I don't expect you to write brilliantly or amusingly; just write as you talk." First suicide (struggling in the water)— "There's nothing in life worth living for." Second suicide—"True, but I've just thought of the fact that there's nothing in death worth dying for. I'm going to get my olothes and go home." "She rejected him, then?"—"Yes." "He used to praise her beauty in glowing terms. I should think that would have made her fall in love with him."—"It made her fall in love with herself, and she hadn't room for a thought about anybody else." Guest—"I wish I had come here a week ago." Hotel Proprietor—"Ah, that's very flattering to my establishment." Guest—"I don't know about that. What I mean is that I would have preferred to have eaten this fish then instead of now." " So your nephew is going to get married ?' "Yes, ma'am, next Saturday the knot will be tied." Little Johnny, who has been listening with open mouth, says—" I say, ma, on the last day they let the poor fellow eat anything he wants to, don't they?" A laborer in a rough felt hat and long smock walked the obher day into the Shakespeare Library at Stratford, and after looking atten tively for some time at one of the custodians, went np to him and said, "I say, zur, be you Mr. Shakespeare, as I've heer'n speak ov ?" Macdonald—" I want to ask you something. Is it right to take a girl to the theatre in a cab if it doesn't rain? , Ringway—"Are you going to marry the girl?" Macdonald— "That depends. Why?" Ringway—"Be cause if you are, take her in a tramway oar every time." A Cautious Lover—"Did I understand you to offer me your hand in matrimony?"— "Well, Miss Esmeralda, I didn't exaobly com mit myself, but what I wanted to know was if your hand were free '.and if I were to pro pose would you be inclined to give me a favor able answer?" "So you enjoyed your visit to the Zoological Gardens, did you ?" enquired a'young [man of his adored one's little sister. " Oh, yes 1 And do you know, we saw a camel there that screwed its mouth and eyes round awfully; and sister said it looked exactly like you when you are reciting poetry at evening parties." A widow had a son who was rather wild, and one day she was confiding her troubles to an old and trusted friend. I am afraid," said her friend, " that you are not firm enough with. John;" "On -the contrary,21 am sometimes afraid that I am too harsh." "Why, what have you ever done!" " Oh, I have talked to him a great deal." " What: have you said !" " Why, I have said ' John! John!' and other severe things." 