j A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palace wm fiaishe.-l the empress appointed a day for taking posses, sion of iL; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new castle. A long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o’clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of Tight which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the .key- . hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business [at such , an nnnsual hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors 7 One of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as be had glanced through the keyhole he .called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. . “ The empress has already arrived,” whisp- : ered he; she ii seated on the throne,directly opposite to the door.” The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact.. . The em press was seated in a tranquil dignjty on an elevated golden stool under the red Telvet canopy, richly adorned with the "imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room'. was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persons wera present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and" waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said,— “ You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night.” “ But her majesty is already here." “What? Who?" “ Her majesty is in the throne-room." “Impossible!” “ You can see for yourself.” The officer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wonderingly,— - “I cannot understand what the marsha means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will, not arrive, to-night. Neverthe less, I see that she is here. Could "she havo come secretly ? At all events'! will ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em press may pass thi3 way.” The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as"'he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. “ My God, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself! What can it mean ?” exclaimed he. “ How can this be possible, when I have just left her presenae ? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must De 3ome mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out I I will hasten to report at once.” The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress. “ Where is the empress ?" “ In her sleeping apartment." “ The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— “ Are you sure that the empress is here ?” “ Of course; she is preparing to retire." ‘‘Inform her instantly that I am here.” In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress’ chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. “ Well,”said the empress, “yon look as if ;ou had seen a ghost. What in Heaven’s mine is the matter with yon 7 Is there any news from the army V* Kuratin hurriedly related what he had. jeen. “ It is a knavish trick,” cried Elizabeth. ■' We will take a nearer look at these corne lians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.” Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were com manded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves tc tlie corridor. The light shone as before through the key- . hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard, who placed themselves around ter. The room was brilliantly illuminated, mt empty. On the throne was seated a thape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed n purple and ermine, covered will liamonds, and crowned with the royal dia iem. One instant Elizabeth gazed teadfastly at her double, then moved for -•ard a few steps. Simultaneously the ap .arition stood up, stepped down from thr - krone, and then remained standing as iiu uovably still as the empress. ' It was a thrilling moment I “ Fire 1” cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six i med directly at the ghostly visitant. The iggers snapped. At the same instant the igure, clapped its hands together, and the was suddenly plunged into intense iarkness. Then followed a great commo inn and confosion, while the amplest •.Ilftl,— “Bring lights 1” Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abs.> lately nothing could be found to elticidatr •he mystery. Every door was locked and ciiarded. The guards had seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain vere all eSorts made to discover'the per petrator of the trick, if trick it were; The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth tban she wonid admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar-—A young lady wai sitting with bet lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her knee was a diminntivc niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company! "Says the ittle niece, in a jealous and very audible “ Auntie, kiss me, too.” Wc leave you to imagine what bad hap pened. “ Yon should say twke, Ethel, dear; two is not grammar,” waf the immediate re joinder. Clever girl. A Professional- — “ Beautiful sport— beautiful,” said the bagman. “ Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shota.” A quiet gentleman sitting in a comer of the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by the hand. “Allowme to congratulate you, sir,” hi said,” I am a professionarmyseU.” “ Professional sportsman 7 " “ No; a professional liar.” Father (haughtily)—“Well,sir!—” Son (imploringly)—“Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; bnt I am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty—" Father (angrily)—“HonestyI ha, hat Who prates of honesty to • retired i«e Baron Hans Yon Leers, now at one of the fashionable watering plants, is described as nearly seven' feet tall. In this respect he must compare favorably with any of the hotel bills. Against the Bales.—First Hod Carrier : “ What did the Wilkin’Diligate fine ye for! Hike?" ' Second Ditto: “For aaafia* down the ladder tvoreuda 