THAT GIRL FROMI TEXAS BY JEABNNETTE 'H. ALWORTH. OHAPTER I.-Continued. Andrew was completely vanquished, and dtopping suddenly from reserved caution to abject apology shuffled out of the room, promising to return as soon as a luncheon could be pre pared. The invader smiled a gracious pardon on him, and leaned luxuriously back against the chair, promising to be very patient and not to devour her gloves nor the family album either if she could help it.' 'Andrew!' Hearing his name called impera tively when he had gotten half-way down the hall, Andrew returned meekly to take a fresh order from the imperious young lady. ' Andrew,' she said, smiling at him sweetly, 'I am a terrible sleepy head, and if I should fall asleep waiting for that lunch, just keep ic warm, will you, untilI wake up again. Mamma never disturbs me at home; she says it is not good for my health.' She put up her hand to conceal a yawn, and let her head drop heavily back on the chair. SShe's a tool one,' Andrew mut tered to himself, as he started off again; 'might belong to Queen Vic's own family circle.' Left to herself the invader calmly surveyed the great parlors, where dim vistas of shrouded splendor stretched out deceitfully in the faces of the long mirrors that confronted her at every turn. The evidences of luxiury sur rounding her did not seem to impress her particularly; on the contrary, if her looks and her thoughts had been translated into words, they would have sounded rather condemnatory than otherwise. She was trying to fancy her own home, where the presiding genius, her mother, was a sort of fixed star, under the auspices that she found Bella's home. ' Fancy dear old mamma run. ning away from dear old papa this way every summer. And fancy poor old papa trying to get along without dear old mamma for two little weeks even. It just insn't fanciable. Poor Mr. Newcome! And he's so sweet and unselfish too. Dear me, I'd feel sorrier for him if I wasn't just literally starving to death. I don't know whether I'm most sleepy or hungry.' Then she yawned, and getting up, walked slowly about byway of shaking. off the growing sense of sleepiness that threatened to overcome her. Her explorations brought her to an inviting little divan, tucked snugly away in the embrasure made by the big bay window, where petted plants blossomed tropically every winter. A heavy stuff portiere dropped in rigid folds from the gilt bar overhead to the floor. It was altogether irresist ible, and without a moment's hesita. tion she curled up on the divan, drew the portiere close together, and was sound asleep in an in credibly short space of time. She had been three whole days and nights travelling all the way from her far away home in Texas, and tired nature was reasserting herself. Andrew, coming back to the parlor to announce her lunch ready, was nonplussed at her disappearance. A thrill of terr.or passed through him. After all, then, she was a 'confidence woman,' and that pretty bit of coaxing for lunch had all been to throw him 'off the track.', It was too much to be borne. He clutched his hair with both hands, and called himself no end of ugly names. It" never once occurred to him to investigate the alcove. In all his experience of the ' best society' no one had ever been known to go to sleep in Mrs. Newcome's parlours. Doubtless this handsome interloper was at that very moment "rumma ing" in the master's library. The very idea of such audacity made the hair on Andrew's well-trained head rise in horror. He made scuffling haste in the direction of the door that opened into that apartment. To his increasing horror it refused to yield to .T .. .... 1^^1 ,l- 1 ^., *lr,^ ; his grasp. It was locked on the in. side. What further evidence did he need to convict him of his own crimi nal negligence in allowing this allur ing young female out of his sight ? He would make immediate amends to the family by " bouncing" this confi dence woman as soon as she emerged. 'Bouncing her;" Andrew repeated the effective word wrathfully and drcpped on his knees to ap ply his eyes to the keyhole without the slightest compunction on the score of propriety. With an ejaculation of surprise bordering on dismay he bounded to his feet again and rushed from the room. The library was certainly occupied, but not by the strange young woman. CHAPTER II. ANDREW RECEIVES ANOTHER SHOOCK If Andrew had prolonged his key hole investigations a second longer his perturbed spirit would have been set at rest on one score at least. He would have discovered the where abouts of the young woman over whose advent he had worked himself up into a perfect fever of anxiety. With a yawn and an audible excla. mation of dismay, Miss Dorsey sat bolt upright on the divan behind the portiere, refreshed but slightly be. wildered. It required several appli c eations of her knuckles to her eyes to arouse her thoroughly, by which time she began to feel afresh the gnawing pangs of hunger, together with a growing sense of indignation atr Andrew's remarkable conduct. ?he felt quite sure that the stupidest darkey on her fr away plsntatio2 .homo would never have treated a visitor of hers in this manner. ' She looked quite as cross as it was in her to look when she finally parted the portiere and advanced into the room bent upon ringing Andrew up and speaking her mind to himvery plainly this time. With the strident deter • ination upon her to assert her claim to more hospitable treatment, she looked about her for a bell-rope. There was none to be found. How was she to divine that the small por celain button scarcely distinguishable from a flower in the dado was its modern successor ? Baffled in her desire to ring the delinquent butler into her presence she desperately resolved to try the piano as the only other pos sible means of conveying to him, wherever he might be, the informa tion that she Was awake and ravening, She was rejoiced to find that the instrument was not locked, and'seat ing herself on the shrouded stool, which was as the ghost of its gor geous winter self, she ran her fingers tentatively up and down the ivory keys. Her first intention had been to ,lash off a noisy rondo of sonime sort, but the magic spell that a really good instrument always exercises upon a true musician seized on her, summoning to her finger-tips the softest and sweetest melodies in her repertoire. From experimental chords she glided most naturally into " Home, Sweet Home.'' There was no other thought with her at that juncture. It was her first flight from the shel tering warmth of a very true and very sweet home. She had expected to be received rapturously into another home almost as bright and warm. By contrast with her expectations the chilling effect of Mrs. New come's deserted parlors was tremen dous. She heartily wished she had never started out on this expedition. Perhaps all these reflections, added to the pensiveness born of prolonged fasting, infused an unusual touch of pathos into her playing, making the familiar old melody sound sweeter and sadder than ever before to one pair of astonished ears within hearing of it. The master of the house, sitting close by in his library, plunged in a reverie of the sombrest hue, heard it and suddenly raised his head to hear it better. It was a sad, worn face thus brought in full view. The gas had niever been turned off since he had entered the room after dinner the night before. He had forgotten it. It combined now with the hot sunshine that streamed through the window, whose shade he had not thought to draw down, to bring out every crease and line on his tired face. There were plenty of them to bring out. Deep furrows across his broad forehead, seaming it from temple to temple; clusters of crow's feet branching from the corners of his eyes that had almost lost their trick of smiling; pathetic lines, be ginning at the fine, thin nostrils, coursing downward towards his chin, that was covered with the neglected stubble of several days' growth. He had once upon a time been more fastidious about these details of his appearance than now. What difference did it make? There was no one at home to care or to chide. Not that he excused himself on that score. He glanced down disapprov ingly at his gown and slippers The day was well.nigh gone and he had not thought to change them for coat and shoes. What matter? There was no one there to care or to notice. No one to notice the rapid in crease in the care- lines on his face in a few days. No one to notice the shadowy gloom in his gentle eyes. No one to take note of the fact that his bed had not been slept in at all the night before. No one except Andrew, who had made in the house, when looking for Miss Dorsey through the key-hole, and who had gone off excitedly to impart the news to Mrs. Mason, who received it with a running comment on the 'goin's on of some folks which should be unmentionable.' 'Like as not he's been sittin' just that way all night,' says Andrew, pityingly, having feelingly described how he had seen Mr. Newcome through the key-hole, with his arms folded on the table and his head buried in them dejectedly. 'He don't take much comfort out of life when the folks is away. He might die in there and nobody be any the wiser, with him a elippin' off to his meals at the club-house for all the world like a houseless tramp and vagabone.' Andrew's sentence was somewhat involved, but his heart was all right, and the bare mention of such a dreadful possibility in connection with the master, whom he loved with loyal devotion, sent a thrill of terror through him. There was a sudden infusion of mystery into the familiar atmosphere of the house, and it struck Andrew with chilling force. Mrs. Mason shared the'responsibilities of the house with him in summer, and she might as well bear her share of the anxiety too. 'ogether the two took wordy counsel and tried to unravel by the very dim light of their own intel ligence the strange conduct of the master of the house and the mysterious presence of the "unknown female," as Andrew descriptively catalogued Miss Dorsey. Into the sense of absolute isolation which had swept over Mr. Newcome, bowing him to the very depth of dejection, the soft strains of ' Home, Sweet Home,' being played inhis own parlour on Bella's piano, stole with bewildering effect at first. He raised his head and listened, then a smile of exceedirng sweetness lighted his worn face, and he rose to his feet un steadily. He was trembling, and had Sto grasp the chair he had been eitting in before he could trust iimself to proceed any further. He looked down at himself with disapproval. Of course it was Baella, run down from Newport to spend the - night at home. She supposed he was at his office. She would find fault with him for his neglected appearance. He passed his hands down both sides of his head and face to bring the dishevelled hairs some what into place. He would take her by surprise. She would not expect to see him before the dinner hour. Bella or Robert, or sometimes even Mrs. Newcome, paid him a visit of a day or a few hours at least dur ing the season. Mrs. Newcome not often. She was too fleshy to care about moving about in summer. Rjbert, he was sorry to reflect came principally when his funds were low. But Bella was all right. He rather believed if Bella had her own. way things would be a little more home.like for him, even during the months when everybody was out of town. But Bella was notlikely to have her own way. There was but one way in that establishment, and that was Mrs. New some's. He opened the library door softly, so as not to disturb the player. There she sat, her back turned to him; how round and slim her waist, and what a pretty slope her shoulders had. God bless her! The sun seemed to shine into his heart and into his eyes as he stole quietly up behind her, and stretching wide his yearning arms clasped them suddenly and closely about the player's form. With a shriek Flo faced suddenly upon her assailant, and then fell back upon the piano-stool laughing and crying hysterically. 'God bless my soul,' said Mr. Newcome, gazing down at the un known face before him. His offend ing arms hung limply down by his side. He could think of nothing to do or to say.. Miss Dorsey recovered herself with her usual quickness. 'It's all right, Mr. Newcome,' she said, wiping the tears from her eyes; 'quite right. I suppose I had grdwn nervous sitting here by myself so 1 ing that you startled me. It was so dif ferent, you know, from what I had expected.' 'Whathad you expected and who are you, if I may ask so impertinent a question on such slight acquaint ance?' Mr. Newcome said. 'I am afraid I must have startled you im mensely. I really beg your pardon.' ' You did, horribly. I.didn't know I could be so ridiculously nervous. It all comes of being so hungry. Why, I expected, you know, that Bob -I beg his pardon, Mr. R. Algernon Newcome-would come down to the depot in a swell carriage, behind dashing horses, you know, and that we would drive up to the houise and find Bella standing on the front steps just as frantic to see me as I am to see her, and that Mrs. Newcome would meet me at least as near as the par lour door and kiss me, and then at dinner-time, after I'd gotten rid of all the railroad dust and put on one of my prettiest dresses, you were to come home and be glad to see me, too.' 'I'm sure,' said Mr. Newcome, smiling down at her, 'my greeting threatened to be a little too ardent. This must be my daughter's friend, Miss Dorsey.' 'I thought I was before I got here, but I'm sure I should never call anyone friend and treat them this way.' Flo's eyes travelled around the inhospitable parlours, and then came back to Mr. Newcome. 'You look so tired,' she said, her sweet face full of womanly sympathy, 'and here I am grumbling on, all about myself.' 'A little business-worn,' Mr. New. come said, adding quickly, 'but at present I am anxious to solve the mystery of this seeming neglect on my daughter's part. I have been forwarding to them all letters for several weeks past. In that way I have not myself been notified of your coming. Perhaps to-day's mail may throw some light on it.' He went over to the mantelpiece, and running his eyes quickly over the pile of letters, selected one in a thick square envelope of satiny texture. This one he opened and ran through it silently at first. This is what he read: 'My dear Robert: Amelia Dorsey, who never was known to do just the right thing, has written me word that, finding a neighbour of theirs, a mer chant of Austin, was coming on to New York to buy his fall goods, she has seized the opportunity to send Flozine on to pay Bella that long visit. She writes some nonsense about a love affair of her daughter's that she wants to break off. Nothing could be more absurd than her having come on in midsummer, but there is no help for it. I will send Bella and Alger non over to meet her and see if she will bear transportation to this place. I do not propose to be made ridicu. lous by her if she is altogether unpre. sentable, but I do not care to offend the Dorseys. They are enormously rich, and Florine is the only child. Not a bad thing for our Algernn, by any manner of means. She will be in the city on the twentieth. Bella will come over that morning. We are all improving very rapidly in this de lightful air. Even Rex seems to have benefited by the change, and is getting back his old appetite. Don't work too hard, and run over when you can.' It was not the first time Mr. New. come had found mention of himself and Newcome's pug in the final clause of her letter. In fact, it did not stir him to resentment, so accustolmed had he grown. (To be Continued.) 