A POLITICAL AUCTION. “Timotheus,” in the Argus, writes as follows:— There are those who dream dreams, and who see things darkly as in a vision. Tenny- son baa one such hero, none of whose blood “could know the shadow from the substance”— “ And while I walked and talked as heretofore I seemed to more amonc a world of ghosts. And feel nijaelf the shadow of a dream.” • Imagine such a one in the House these last few days. . He would see sights and hear sounds, nor know where substance ended and Bhadow began. Rumors would take palpable form. Dimly lie might descry the Genius ot the Scene, acting in his old role of arbiter or auctioneer. “Gentlemen, I have submitted many valuable lots in my time, but no more valuable lot than the one of Dis sentient Ministerialists, which l am proud to say is now on the market. It has groat po tentialities. I think it could keep a Govern ment in; I am sure it could put a Government out. There are country members in the lot and towu members, not riff-raff, hut men of parts, and they swing all together. A bid to start with ! * One portfolio.’ Thank you, sir. The ridiculous pries of one portfolio in a future Cabinet offered by the Left. ‘Two posts in a revived Standing Railway Committee.’ Thank you, Mr Minister. ‘Two future portfolios.’ The bid is against the Government, sir. ‘ Two posts in the Railway Committee and the chairmanship.’ There is plenty of buying yet.- ‘Two Ministerial portfolios and a northern suburbs line.’ Well, gentlemen of the Left, that iR more like busi ness. All done ? all silent on the right ? No; I thought not. • Three com mittee posts nnd two northern suburban lines.’ Thank you, Mr Minister, that is up to my reserve. All done? I shall knock the lot down at this, gentlemen. The lot is for positive sale. It has been kept back for some time, and is now finally on the market. Only three Railway Committee posts nnd two northern suburbs lines bid for a turn-the scale gri>up‘‘of Ministerial Dissentients. No advance ? Going! positively going ! gone ! I Congratulate the Government, sir, upon a bargain. You have got value for your money. The country pays, of course. Thank you for your attendance, gentlemen. This is the closing sale of the session. Once more we are all entitled to a well-earned rrc.-88. Sales will be resumed next May, aud I shall hope for brisk business.” 