Topics of tbe Times. [BY A MELBOURNE SCRIBE.) The presence of the " barracker" is most powerfully felt at football matches The term is generic an applied to the peculiar patron of that particular line of sport, and the obnoxious personage has become to a ceitain extent n power, and— for all literative and truthful purposes also—a putres ence. For truly ho smell* in the nOBtrite of all decent folk who may patronise the football matches any Saturday in tbe season. If his retinue is not ragged, it ts for the most part <m aggregation of teiupoiarily emancipated clerks who have b*en freed from doty and have got boossed to celebrate the fleeting festival. Under other circumstances, these clerical persons would behave themselves in a gentlemanly fashion, hut actuated by the scandalous surroundings, they elect to carry on to a disgraceful degree. Their principal motive is " show off." However, they " reckon without their host," and, as a consequence, aro sometimes brought to their bearioK". A recent case of football principals h-iving to suffar by legal adjudication will stand as a case in proof on the other side. THE BBUTAL IiAKKACKEIt. He's fearful foul-mouthed fellow, With complexion—dirty yellov, 4 hulking, howling. hnre-bra.ined hobhlede- He's a frantic football follower, [hoy. A harum-scarum holloaer, Who sets out with a purpose to annoy. His lungs are blowing—blaring— With • urging aad with swearing. His pariiaanship of judgement quite devoid. In fact, who goes ' a-barrackin'," Just proves himse'f a larrikin, But we'll squelch him and be not by him annoyed. We are not setting out to write up this par. in the interests oi auy speculator, hut we have been amused by the riva'ry of two agents who aspire to run a certain alleged hygienic cure-all in this <-ity. They have appoalel to the law courts, each as to his ri^li', which, if cither has auy, will damage the m-neral cdusi-.. ic-o'iuts are called for—bal e^jjn—and altogether there is an air of " mixelupotlness " There never can he a universal cure, and any one attempting to foist such upon the public must be prepared for any amount of antagonism. When you get into the box aud are mayhap questioned by Dr. Madden or Air J. L. Purves, you are apt to cut a sorry figure, and the nose of the public gets inflated and sniffs largely as to the facts bearing upon your nostrum. If you'ie inclined for betting, then a horse you'll back, But if you're undiplomaal then you'll turn a quack—With advertisements extensive, So spacious nnd expensive. Frequent changes are perforce the order of the day, and for that matter the night —especially at cach one of the theatres. Bland Holt has depirtod to Adelai Jc with his company, and, as predicted hy this scrih---, the Theatre Royal is now subjected to openings at intervuls. At the Opera I Housa the thread of continuity is threatened with severnncp, despite previous preamble, and the daily advertisements are of no avail to the artful. Brou.iih and Boucicault are laboring to ho'st-T up public support hy weekly enhs'itu'ions of hills, hut the f-.-athi-rs of their bolster are not of a substantial nature, and it remains a ques'ion of wlifth T their business ;:an bo pa}'iufj, or if they aro paradoxes of pluck un-ier adverse circumstances. Gaorge Rignold is retiring from the active coctrol of the Princss* Theatre, after a R -aaon that has not prove ! profitable, nn'l following him thfs part owner of the property, J. C. Williannon, will step in an-1 resume management hy introducing a revival of "Th« Silver King." This piece brought additional fortune to the firm of WG. and 51 , in 1883, whrn it wan oripinally produced on the 27th October of that year The burlesque 8 •anoa of the London Gaiety Troupo at the Op-ira Housa is drawing to a close, and it ma}' he remarked that nothing like the interest and excitement attendant ou the former visits of the Gairty Theitre contingents has been shown towards the pres-nt " push." You can't get a Fred Leslie and Nolly Farren every day. Good OPS* knows what is going to b-i done with the Theatre Royal. It is now closed, and its re opening is a matter of vague probability. Altogether the shareholders have had a rough time of it, and winli they had invested th.;ir rnonoy in a better "spec." Tbe Alexandra Theatre is buing kept open by a co operative company, who present old fashione I melo-drama to scanty audiences. The Cogill Bros., «t the St. George's Hall, are doing an excellent ltiiisn<'63, in fact tho best in town in tho theatrical line, 80 tlie luck of the A'ieiphi has changed for tho better. Some two years igo, they went out of tbe same place penniless and had to seek the protection of the Insolvency Court. They emerged iroin that triumphantly, the judge granting theui an unconditional certificate The Victoria Hall iB now used as a Gospel tent, and the clang of the bones and tsmhoutinea no longer resound within its walls. Dan Tracey's Co. are pegging away at the Gaiety Theatre and meeting with a fair amount of patronage. Despite tbe prevailing dullness of the times, the managers contrive to keep up a weekly appearance of " the ghost" which walks regularly. The recent Traralgon telegraph swindle reminds one of a somewhat similar dodge in connection with the wires, and which occurred in New York some time ago. An individual interested in stocks and shares rented ao office on one of the top lights of a building in that city, and past the winddows of which ran the telegraph wires. By means of a very fins piece of copper wire he connected with the others and BO obtained information passing through, and which he applied to advantage. This adroit little sheuie was detected one day after a very heavy frost when an employe connected with one of the telegraph companies happened to see the wiie shining in the sun with extraordinary brightness. Attention was directed to the a€Eair and the fraud exposed. 