CHRISTMAS IN TWO HEMI SPHERES. FOND DREAMS OF THE OLD LAND. " NEW CHUM S" FIRST AUSTRALIAN CHRISTMAS. Tho bolls aro ringing lo-night. Thoy aru practicing for Ciiii&ima.; Do you hoar them f Their music is borne on thu wings of tho wind, swelling nnd tolling, now in whispers and nnon finndinu thu soft, scented nil with thoir metallic melody, mellowed nnd Kweotunud ns it is wnftud across thu river. The hells will he ringing nt milfoil, too. right away in tho hvart of England, from I lie grey, low Nurnvm tower on thu hill amid the elms and tho yew trees that we both know nnd love so well. Thu biuckiimith will shut up hi forge and go home to tea. nnd. nfiorn pipeful of companionship with hii dirty olity, ho wil) i/o up to the church to load the ringer. Tiic old, bow-legged t>exlon of tho lugubrious countennncu, wilt tako charge of tho tenor bell. The shoe maker (whom thu vicar, you will remem ber, itbed to AURpcct of imidiou3 leanings townrdn Primitivu Methodism, became he always spout ut tho village judical meetings) willl he there ; as wil thu grocer, who, on thu strength of hnvi g rend Pnley's Evidences and Butter's Analogy, holds argument on abstract theology with tbo curata. And if you ltHUaii-—now l— I hero I — did you hear ?— thoy are raiiinu the hells! But no, alas ! wo are far away from that spot, reckoning by mile, and the bolls wo hear nrc tho boll of St. Paul's Cathe dral, lint hearts know nothing of geography. llumun sympathies net and rcuct across immeasurable distances. Love is not owrcomo by longitude, and Us flume burnn btilliautlyilluminantncroas thu separating void. How different Christinas will Beoin to us who pnns through thu season for tho first timo ut tho antipodes. Christmas nt midRUinincr I Christmas, witii tho thermometer nt DO degrees in tho shade ! Wo have always been accustomod to associate Christinas with whito snow nnd crisp frosty air, with the ponds bearing a coating of ico of nkating thickness, nnd the trees and hodgo rows exquisitely ctchod out agaiiiBb the' clear ether with an edging of beautiful hoarfrost. But what have we hero ? Blue skies, a warm sun, and tho nir breuthing a sweet frag rance from tall pines and from gardens full of a glorious Vegotation, nnd a gorgeous efflorescence. On paper, cor- tninly, tho latter Buems thu more detect able ; but, oti ! an English winter, duApitn its suvonty, has a clinrm cf its own which a healthy, warm-bioodud person noed nut wish to exchange for thu sunniest earthly paradiHo that over llowod beneath tho bountiful ami. Christinas at midsummer, indeed ! It is nn uflrotit to tho nlinsusc, nu oulragu on tho ' etprnnl fitness of things," an invonu jii of established ordor. llow can it he Christinas '( How dare it ho Christinas ! Who can imsgino old Father Christmas — orstwhilo white- bearded, robed in scarlet and fur and holly-wreathed — as olad in pyjamas and ennvaa shoes, and wearing a pith helmet, with a window blind wound round thu brim I Who can sit down and oat scnuonablo roast hoof and plum pud ding when tho temperature and common souse dictate n diot of brown bread aud fruit F Every thought of Christmas is revolutionised in this country. If we lly to fairy tale wo hnvo to altor ovory circuinstancn to reconcile it to tho now conditions. If wo taku lofitgo in old customs, wc find thorn out of harmony with tho now environments, if wu turn to the bookshelf and Uko down our favorite Christmas books, wo are equally unable to read them, unless we shut are eyos to tho surroundings. Dickons was wont to charm us onco ; wo read the " Christmas Carol," through religiously every year at tin season. Hut now old Scrooge and (he Ghost oftbovenuriiblc pig-tmlud Mr Murlcy fail to work thoir once potont spoil of fascination, since Christmas is no lntigor Christmas, but miduummor. Jt is the some if wo call Thaclcvruy to our aid. "Tho Ruse and tho King" always pleases with its rum bustical humor ; bur it is no longer a Christmas story, ninco Christtms is not Christmas any longer, but midsum mer. Wo havo boon used to rending it biifora a ffamine, cracklimr, log lire, and cannot iccoucilu ourselves to it in a natural sultry atmosphere which makes us porsptro in rirulots. And what com fort shall we find in poetry ? Ring out wihl hells to tlio wild sky The flying cloud tho frosty light! No, it won't do. Thoy may call itChrist mas ; thoy may put Christinas on thuir ulinanucs and have Christmas numbers of tho |uipors; they may havo Christinas holidays, Christians presents, Christmas boxes, Christmas greetings, Christmas curds nnd Christmas pantomimes— but it Is midsummer all too same. Como out into tho gardens, then, and lot us sit under tlio trees and dream until tho inosqiiitos (enjoying thoir Christinas fare off our flesh) drivo us away. Do you remember last Christmas? That waa in denr old fug-bound, smoky, dirty, de lightful London I Thora was sn;»w and frost ovorywhero. The lake in Regent's Park was frozen over, and we heard from our windows tho sharp cutting click af tho steel blade of tho skates on tho iuo souuding through tho wintor uir. The streets wore coated us with glass, so that thu omnibuses could iiot run, nud pedestrians found it difficult togut along. ItwuH cold — hut so beautiful ami invigorating 1 And wc wrapped our- solvos iu furs, and went to the squalid East End, whura there is so little of pure joy at any season of tho yo«»r, and whore for many of tho people a druhkon carousal means the supreme form of Chrisimis pleasure. You had your social work to perform thero, and found your happiest Ohristinas in sooing that others did not want. And in tho ovoning, when tho shadows began to creop over the city in . tho witching mystery of twilight, we walked homo by the side nf tho grandest river in tho world— the broad-boiomod Thames— and watched tlio sun setting in dull, copporous rod away in the western sky. Wu hnvo seen Nature at hor finest in somo of bur sunsuts, you and I ; wo have soon Etna's mighty snow- covered peak bathed in crimson light, and feasted our oyes on tho panoramic splendors and kaleidoscopic changes of a day's demise upun tho verdant hills of Spain. But nowhere in tlio world are such nunsots to bo seon as mny bo behold in London by Thames side. Tho ' astronomers say thoy are due to tho peculiar altnosphorto conditions of Lon don ; but whatovor may bo tlio causo, the effects arc marvollously lovely— and this Christman sunset was ouo never to be for gotten. Aud tlionastheevouingciepton apace, wo watchod tho lights reflected in tho mirroring bosom of tho dark waters, and tho big barges and tali buildings throwing bltckihadeiuponthesurtocoliko patches of sin on a fair con science; whilst above all bt Paul's lifted its majestic cross and its domo Hung like a bubble In tlio sky, surrouuded by the solemn, silent stars. And, don't you think there is always an indefinable "something" that is por- coivcd rather than folt, divined rathor than realisod, at Christmas in the old oountry T It is "in tho air." You in breathe it and exhale it. 4A merry Christmas to you," chirped in that frozen atmosphere socms so brightening. Everybody is beaming sndglowingwith the healthy color which tho frost gives to the skin. I don't think 44 A merry Christmas to you "< sounds just tho stme at midsum mer; do you? And then the theatres 1 I soo from tho advortlsomonU that tboy have pantomimes at the Antipodes, aod I am told that they aro excellent panto mimes too. Woli, we shall thst see later on, But our thoughts will inevitably turn back to doar old dingy Drury lane and its wonders, Old Drury is tho home of English . pantomime. Have they such olown oak here, do yon think, as poor old time-honored Hnrry Pinna, oucli a ballet master ns Johnny D'Auban, and. above r.ll, such a manager ns tlio great Sir Augustus Ilai- rislus Druriolanus ? Impossible ! No ; tlu is a wonderful country, but it hasn't pro duced its (Jus. Harris (to civo the great man his moro cmnuiuu and familiar ap- prlation) up to tho present. Such potentates of the drama tako years to evolve. Why, at this very moment the eyes of all England arc turned towards our old neighbor Sir Auguatu. Mr Gladstone and Ilomo Rtilu nru temporarily forgotten ; Lord .Salis bury and his impugned veracity uvu un heeded ; Parliament is ignored ; tho London County Council is treated with silent contempt ; and new front tho colonics is simply unread. What London —what England— wants t<i know is what sort of a paatotnifuo Gu Harris is trivitur riiom i Ah, well 1 some day wo will enjoy other Chnstmaics in the old tend and then wu will toll how wo tried to keep " A Merry Christmas" at mi'humiuur. with thu thermometer nt 90 degrees iu the shade, at tint holt- on end of tho world. Lot ui go in now ; the lights aro low, and I can't spare uiy more of myself for tho Christ inas rcvuls of the inoaqnitoa. Alt! I scu your eyes mo wet ; and mine— wull, It is the niuhi-dew, I suppose. Truly wc arc a long way from home, hut : Star to star vibrate light : may toul to Stnko iliro' a finer etemrntof hsr own ? Yes, surely 1 Do certain that as wo arc fondly remembering tnosu whose nsmus aro sacred to us —too sacred almost for mention by rmu to tho other— they, too, aro remembering us, Whnt was thu beautiful passage you wcro reading out to day from yonrboiovud "Modurn Painters": "And tho umLyof earthly creatures is thoir power and their >00000. Not libo tho (lend and cold poaco ol undisturbed si onus and solitary mountains, but the living peaco of iru.it and thu living power of sup port— of hands that hold uacti olhor and are stilll" 