THE RIGHT SORT.* OEOxANE OF THE SHIRES, Maa. EDWARD KE NAlt?a . CHKAPTER XX,.-PrEP.etr Fon ?IIEIADIn' STErPLECHrASE. Thus, varied by hunting, heartburnings, Sport, potty jealouses, and gossip, timegliode by, until at length the oventful day arrived on which that source of infinitely more mixed pas. sions, the ladies' steoplechlso, was to be decided. Ithad been settled for a Tuesday, and though upmposed to be a profound secret, the knowledge of its taking place had somehow leaked out. The comparatively early hour of one o'clock was -definitely fixed for the start, several farseeing \- individuals declaring thaft in any attempt to bring the jockoycsres to the post a considerable * delay was sure to arise, partly through their inexsprionco, but still more through the difll * hulties of the fair competitors in arranging the exigncie of toilette to their satisfaction. The rind old Earl, who hba thoroughly entered into the spirit of the thing from firsst to last, had signifiod lois intention of entertaining the riders and their friends, wehen tIe s ce rwas over, to a sumptuous lunch, irmmedisately after which the cup would be presented to the fortunatef winner amid all the formal pomposity of speech-making and health-drinking,. The morning luckily broke fair and still. Soft grey cloa+rs filled the sky, swept gently d onwards by a mild south- westerly breeze. It had rained fast during the night, leaving each blade of grace and fatted russet leaf tremboling -under the silvery weight of the crystal burden imposed on it, every one of wahich shone like a 0 sparkling gem as thle pale face of the nuat 'etrugglod bravely out from amongst the misty shroud oucirclinor it, while itho.eo hardy birds who scorned to ?oroaleotheir storm-swept home `formildor climes, lured by the genial atmo- n 'aphere, strutted about the moist roads, head on one oids, ocsking here and tirole precarious liuo ilihood with a cheorfelnes and an activity which saeemed to say, "Atlor all, there's no place like P old England. Our comnpanions are fools to fly 0 away." Poor little creature, when they sat shivering and shaking under the cold, cruel tllow, perhaps they told a different tale ; but to. -day, alaoust, they were happy. Kate felt very h joyous and pleasantly excited as she and Mary WVhltbread drove outto the reudozvous. She oad arranged with Colonel Clinker to be on the spot early, in order that they might walk round the course together, and they found him, accompaniod by Mr. M'Grath and Mr.e Grahame. already awaiting their arrival. A u considerable number of spectators had as assembled, making it clear the much-talked-of privacy could not possibly be maintained in face of the interest evidently aroused on all sides. The sporting element was, of course, present in fall, scarcely a man or a woman from amongst its ranks bemg missing, while the Foxington t tradespeople, accompanied by their wives and daughters who appeared much tnteresced, had turned out in force. Even the itinerant gipsy e w.s represented by a stout party in a blue skirt and tartan shawl, who went about singin b atrocious songs in a still more atrocious role, no insisting on telling fortunes to people who had O anxiety to hear them. Colonel Clinker and hsl companion were victims not likely to escape hi their most favourable predictions. "Cross my hand, pretty lady, with a sliver sazpence," the woman said to fiate with whin- 1 ing insistenco. "It will bring yer luck, noth G oag but luck." "Get away, my good soul, don't you s t oih're bothering the lady," said Colonel llnker, fearing she might annoy the girl. "Not I," answered she, with Instrusive con daence. c'The lady has a good kind heart of li hlr own behind that sweet face, but the poor gipy can see what's in it. There are clouds, hi and darknesoes, and crossings, but the fair gentleman with the blue eyes stands out clear a among them all. The end will be marriage. tt Qh, gee, the poor gipsy woman knows. to or hevens sake let us come," said Kate h tiiuning suddenly scarlet, and snatching her 0 hand away from the other's detaining grasp. "I never listened to such nonsense in my life." "Nonsense, is it ?" called the woman after them indignantly. "The fair gentleman's eyes are full of love. He does not call what I say nonsense, at any rate." "How horribly vulgar these people are to be , sure," said Kate, feeling intensely exasperated a at what she chose to consider the gipsy's in- g pertinence. e "Never mind," said her companion, with C suppressed emotion. " Don't allow yourself to h be annoyed at her forecasts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or you will be running out of the coureo, which would it Doever do." She felt g.rlt"ul to him for covering her con friaion, and ircenaed with herself for having t displayed any. What a poor weak fool she was, P to be sure! lHad Mr. MI'Orath been her conm. panion, the woman's prophecies would have g produced no furtherimpression than the ordi- c nary claptrap jargon of the profession. All she could hope was that Colonel Clinker did notbattribute her vexation: to its right causes. They started together on a tour of inspection, a ifollowed by Mary Whitbrcad and Mr. Gra hame. Colonel Clinker, on whose shoulders c the entire management had fallen, had spared n neither time uor trouble in rendering the course as perfect as )ossible. It was beautifully b ufarked out with rowe of little white fags, placed at such cloao distances that it looked I next to impossible for the ridera to make any c wrong detour, while the run-in was corded on ,either side with stout ropes, leading in a direct b linetothe wiaming.poot, which stood up, tall and unmistakable, close to the judge's im provised box. Starting at the farthest end of a largo grasas field, in full view of the assembled company, the course first led somewhat uphill over very severe ridge-and-furrow, at the top of which a good honest fouco with a ditch and low guard- k rail onthe take off side barred the entry into the opposite fieold, which, though bigger in dimensions, was far more level and very sound a ,going. After this it ran across a sticky ploaghed enclosure, which Colonel Clinker had not ?oen able to avoid; then over a small double, leading once more into grass, and later on, in and out a road carefully laid with tan. A rather sudden turn to the right here ro -'realed the water-jump. This was a small 9 " natural brook, or rather- so steeoop and 9 -crsmbling were its banks-a species of gaully, with bushed-up hurdles, act in a slanting direc- ° tion leaning over it, and the whole width could not have measured much more than some ten to '?telve feet across: Any ordinary hunter " oneht with ease to clear such an obstacle in his atrido; but Colonel Clinker had purposely re frained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping female forms and broken .backs. After the water jump came three or four more fair flUying fences that each veauired a bit of doing without being very: for miable. Thesocomploted a good- sizoed ring, and the last obstruction would landl the com petitors in the ame field up whose slopes they ad startod. Altogether it looked a good fair .course, such as no animal used to following I hounnds should find diflicult to encompass. Kato and Colonel Clinker tarefully critisod each fence, choosing beforehand the best spot for jumping. and this was the verdict they unanoi smots1 pronouncd. The ground alsho was in -hoautonl order, neither to hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round together Colonel 'Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of ad Vice as to what she should not do in the forth coming race, all of which she listened to moet eattentively, and determined on following to the host of her ability. " Directly the flag drops, Miss roowner," said he, " be sure nnd lot your horse have his head. A good start in a three-neile race is not of such paramount importanco as in a five fur long scramble, still it ui by no means to be des piled. There's nothing like begiinning well. It gives a horse confidence in his rider, and tells himn he means going. But directly you ot on to the ridge-.and-furrow, take a good pull and makoe King Olaf go well within himoself. Never mind being last of the whole lot, especially if you only feel yourself to be so on sufferanc, and can regain your lost position at any momontyou pleaseo. Nothing takes no muuch out of a horse as pushing him faot up an incline at starting, before hio hb warmed cto hiLs work and got his pipes all claor. Steady him at the first fence; the chances are heo will wanut to rush, and might overjump himself in his cager ,ness. Very probably you may find by thien that you have the legs of most of your cornm panions, but don't on any account force the Srunninog so early in the day. Don't bustle King Olaf until you get fairly through the plough. If after that he is still going otreong and well, and pulling tolorably hard, you may begin to forgeo ahead a hit. I.ememrber up to this paint you hare to ride a waiting race, and let any one e!holead the way who lihes. Drop your hands when you come to th- double, and whatovcr you do, don't go fast at it. Givo King Olaf a full olsparturity of understandior what is before ohim. It's the nasticst fouco of the lot, and the only ono I am at all afraid of, ecpeciallya with an imptuous hornes. The amno rl apnplies equally to the jumps at the road; t3akeo them steadily. Heorse oft:en jump the Sfence out carclasly, so be on your guardn. So fr se have hrouhbtyoun along ceitally. •as ?o g good hold of his head. and 0-st :iin, Olaf as aort as you plEats at the wetcr jump. IHe'll clear it by yards, I noav beforehucd, but if you -can remember, kcep clls to the whit fla on * Pnebleaca by arrgaoneant ve Weed,- oc and Co. 527) your right. The banks thereare both narrower and firmer than in any other place; beeldes Sou get the Inside turn, and will gana several lengths by so doin And now send?our horse along in downright earnest. Nine.tenths of amateur riders throw away the race by waiting too long, and not coming soon enough. Then they get flurried, lose their heads, and all is over with their chance of winning. By this time the riff-raff will either have tailed off or come to grief; anyhow, you will know pretty well which are your most dangerous remanimg opponents. If you find you have them fairly settled, come straight away over the two last fences and past the post, hands down, but if it comes to a contest, keep cool and collected and do the beet you can. Ii foretell a perfect triumph to our party," concluded the Colonel, drawing a deep breath of datisfaotion in antici pation of this desired result. After a momen. tary pause he appeared, however, to recollect it was just possible there might exist a reverse side to the picture, and he oided in calmer accents: "On the other hand, should any mishap occur-though I devoutly trust not-or should you by any chance find Iing Olaf is blown, for God's sake pull him up there and then. You have ridden a beaten hormeones too often as it is, and there's no use in struggling on to the end under such circumstances. And now I have given you enough instructiono to fill a smaIl volume. I don't suppose whoan the time comes you will remember one-third of the?.' " Oh yes, I hope so," answered Kate confil dently. "But when I listen to such excellent advice it really makes me feel as if I were obtaining a mean advantage over my neigh bours, and as if they, too, ought to have the opportunity of profiting by it. It hardly ueppoars fazr my accepting so many valuable hints." "Most of them don't require snyaidl. There's MBI. PForrester, who knows quite no much, if not more, thrm I do myself; 1irs. I'aget, who I would never understand what one wished to convey; and Mliss Palliser, who would be mortally offended by any advice. No, I am ( perfectly eatisfeld, and shall be quite content if only my pupil will promise to obey the orders of her trainer. The question is," looking at I her somewhat anxiously, for though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke r down hopelessly under the strain of the possible c chapter of aecidente which this race exposed a Kate Brewser to, "will she promise?" f " Of course she-will," she answered readily. "That is to say, unless circumstances over t which she. has no control decide otherwise, I a shall ride implicitly to orders, like a esix-stone nothingboy. Does that satisfy you?" . "I shan't be really satis lef ' said he ner vously, "until I see you and Kain Olaf canter. a ing in ahead of everything else." n "You dreadfully ambitious man! Andwhat a If yoer pupil disappoints your expectations a "She will not. I have every confidence in sa the ability of herself and horse. Nevertheless, a L wish to goodness the th;ng was well over." f • She had never seen him so anxious and rest. leeu or his calmmanner so disturbed. Could it tl be possible that he was a coward at heart? But t no, she knew better: p "What's the matter with yo?" she said; "are you trying to make m,s afreid?" I" "God forbid! But I can't help It. I'm 0 horribly afraid myself." b "And so am I," chimed in poor Mary Whit- u bread, who in spite of the pleasure of Mr. I Grahame's society was white as a sheet and t trembling from top to toe. "What nonsense !" said Kate lightly. "You two talk as if you expected me to be brought t back on a stretcher. Ibeg leave to state Ihave a not the smallest intention of departing this b life." "Please don't hint at such a horrible pose- I bility, Kate," said ulary fearfully. p "I shall turn up again, never fear. I'm not a bit afrasd, and I won't be frightened. So there!" She said these words with such de- f termination as to silence her companions, while 1 her tightly-sot lips and the resolute expression I of her countenance betokened a firm resolution v not easily shaken. But now time woe progressing, so they ad- L Journed to the paddock, where King Olaf had ( just put in an appearmnce. Old Stirrupwalked t by the side of the horse, and led him proudly I round and round, while ever and again his rugged face lit up with a smile of triumph, when some such admiring remark as, " 'E's a good 'un 'eo is." "There goes the winner," p etcetera, fell upon his ear. And indeed King n Olaf fully deserved the flattering encomiums e heaped upon him by the public at largo, for in the last throe weeks aColonel Clinker had ta!eon great pains with his conditioning, and short as, the time had been, had effected a conarldcrabl. improvesom t in hie iaoparonmce.-'?Ase'f Int.o wnlked jauntily by, wuingoag his tal from cid to side, moving with that light springy atop poculiar to him, ho looked a perfect beauty, and so sleek, gentle, and docile, few would have given him credit for pcasessing such high courago and daring. His mane had been cuare fully plaited that morning by Kate's own white ( and nunblo little fingers, and his whole appear ance was that of a racehorse. True he ecomed a trifle lighter in the barrel than he had done = a month ago, but then what flesh he now i carried was hard sand firm as a board. while the I muscles on his strong arms and thighs could almost have been counted. Colonel Clinker had given him his last gallop, and know the i horse to be not only fit and well in himself, 3 but also in all probability (though still of course but imperfectly trained) in a far better i state of condition than any adversary he would be called upon to moot. Hoe entertained small fears of King Olaf, his chief anxiety being on K ate's account. I?e called up all aorts of imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quite 1 miserablo in their contemplation. She might I fall, she might be cannoned against, she might I be jnsped upon, she might not be able to hold King Olaf, she might even be dragged and 1 killed outright. There were no end to nio anxieties, which grow in intensity as the hour I drew nigh, until they became almost unbear able. { "Swear to take care of yourself," he whie pored in Kate's ear as she disappeared in the I dreosing-room. The colour had almost for soaken his cheeks and his voice trembled with 1 emotion. "Dear me, how timid we are to be sure!" she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist the I impression he produced, but the evident interest he took in her welfare touched her in spite of herself, and prompted her almost invol untarily to hold out her hand. He grasped it warmly, and she added with a little reassuring nod "Au rovoir, my revered pastor and master. Cast away all fear as unworthy both of us. I tall you everything will be right. Your pupil has not the smallest intonton of disgracing either herself or you." t o r Aind then she visiohd behind the heavy folds of the rod curtain concealing the doorway, and left him to think what an idiot he was, and yet how impossible it was to help being one whore she was concerned. "Shoe's a veritable sorceress, a witch, an enchanuress, and I am her slave!" refolected Jack Clinker, as he wound his way to the paddock in order to superintend the oaddliung of King 01lt. " I wish to God I were a rich man, I'd ask her to marry me to-morrow, Snot that I expect I should have the ghost of a chance. There nro some women one feels sure of, but she is fullof contradictione- charming one minute, cold the next. made up of varieoty ; tantalising, earcastic, lovable, and dolightful by turns, but not the sort of girl to let a fellow think she cares two straws about him, whotlher she doca or not. Woll, for my part I like sutch women. Easy conquests lack piquancy, acoo nothin? good in thes world it to be obtained wvithout trouble, delay, and striving. All the sanmoe, I wish she were notso damnably rich. It Smakes a man look like a fortune-hunter, and t no one civ, o him credit for diinitereostod affec Stion. If I proposed to lMiss Browser, kind 1 friends would say I cared only for her money. 1 +Ieigh-ho! It's uncommon hard lines, in moro ways than one, beiuot a pauper, or next door to it. A chap's obliged to etocl, to his bhchelor habits when all the income he rosseses barely t sufllicesto pIay his cilgar and flower bills, and a yet upon my soul I'm getting awfully sidck of single blesodnedu e" c While awaiting Kate's reappearance he pur a chesed a card, and looking over it found there 2 were hut six hores coloured, namely, Ladj -Anne Birkett's brown gelding, -a-stings, age, a pedigreo unknown: yellow and black stripes, \- yellow cap. Mrs. Forroetor'e Singing Bird. by 0 fuscian out of Lightheart; scarlet, ascarloet Sand-black cap. Mlrs. Paget's grey golding, o Duncan Grey, aged, pedigreo unknown; choco lato, pink sleeves and cap. .ties Browser's y chestnut gelding, IKing Olaf, by Norseman out Sof Ico nMaiden, aix years old: a~y blue and d gold. Irs. Phipp's bladcl horoe, Black Anster, P agod, by Ilstoroan, dam ounknown; cherry, d yellow bando; and MSris Pallicer's bay mare, 0 Coquette, five years, by the Beau out of Scandal. " l'm." said Colonel Clinker, whn IKato ro Sonteredthe paddock in all tho glories of her Sracisg kit. "'Out of that lot we soaymiss teo \--nastings and Duncenr Grey--straight away. o Poor old IIastings in a long elght too far gson o in tho forelegs to take to streplechansing a on Sa musoment in his declining. years. I should Snot bo at all curyriced if he did not oven got 11 round thI course. LAs for Duncan Grey, hoe's a s Slow, lumbering brate, who can't gallop faster Sthan you can kicr hat along. Ido's no more Suse than a headacho, and though a fairly good 'fencer will not prove very formsidable. Singing Bird Iea well-bred animal and the best of Mrs. Forrester's lot, but with that lady's mania for purchasing sheal oats and mixing them with all aorts of experimental articles of food, I very much doubt her ability to stay.. Nevertheless, though not in the name street with. King Onlaf, it won't do to estimate Singing Bird's chances too lightly. To begin with, as a four.year-old she takes the alloawnce, and, secondly, the ser vices of so experienced a sportswoman as Mrs. Forrester will add many pounds more in her favour, so that altogether we must regard the 1 pair as decided adversaries. Mrs.Forrestorwill I nde a waiting race throughout, in order that if I the hare comes to grief, she, as a tortoise, may I profit by the occurrence. She will take ad- I vantage of the smallest error any of you 1 commit, and won't go over a yard of unnece. I nary ground. In fact, so highly do I estimate i Mirs. Forrester's chance, that were there any betting on the transation she should certainly I carry all my place money. Having disposed of I her. we next arrive at Black Anster. I know I him wel of old as a rare good hunter, bus alasa poesweed with that not infrequent infirmity- - shorthese of breath. At the first symptom ofa 1 tussle this little defect in his respiratory organs 1 will interfero with his powers of winning, and f in my opinion annihilate'them altogether. And now vrr come to Miss Palliser's Coquetto-- a dark animal, of whom neither I nor anyone lseo knowt anything--purchased, I fancy, purposely e for this occasion, and pretty sure to be danger. v ous ; so much so, indeed, that I hear she has ( backed hermlf to win for fity pounds. All I C can say in I devoutly hope nho may lose, How. I ever, I advise you to keep a sharp look out on a that objectionable female's rmovciments, for she b is capable oti anything, and, if I mistake not Il already owes you a grudge." " lie ? " exclanimed Krte, innocently. d " What have rdone to offend hexr.pray 1" t, " You may well ask that question. Nothing, d unless it be yoe have ridden a trifle too hard in tl the huntin .flol:lto please her majesty." a " Oh! she's that cortof woman, is- abehe" b "Very much that sort of woman, So be c extremely careful how you give hera chance of u cannoning or knocking you out of the course." fi " Really! I always looked upon Miss Palliser as a very harmless personae." "And thereby displayed your intense igno- it rance. She's anything but harmless;. On the ai contrary, she's exceedingly mischievous and It exceedingly jealous.' However, forowarned is I forearmed." di " If you inveigh in such strong termsogainat p1 the lady, I shall begin to suspect that cyou are a disappointed swam," said Kate saucily,. e . "A dlsappolated swain, indeed ! echoed e, e anughing heartily. "That is capital, but your w urauisea are by no means correct. For many di as have been the passages of arms between myself and Miss Palliser, any interchanges af se a tenderer naturehavo been left out in the cold of altogether. It willhave to be a very long bow, be shot by her ancient hand, that succeeds in sending adart into smy heart'. " That," with bi an emphasis on the word, "has been reserved for someone else to do." or He sent a swiftinquiring glance at Kate, and I those clear eyes produced so much confusion th that she turned her head aside, before,after a tit pause, answering coldly: m " You are . enigmatical and metaphorical th language is always difflcult to understand. I object to Cupid's weapon, and also to Cupid m himself, as a young gentleman of erratic and re nasatisfaotorv manners. But here comes Mrs. . Forrester; let us go and hear her ideas on tt things in general." I Decidedly Jack Clinker's tenderilnsinuationsa were not amiably received, and fell harmless ti to the ground like apoor wounded, fluttering b bird, who strives to take wing and soar on Ci high, and yet who at each endeavour recog- t nises more and more its otter powerlessness. se He was beginning to find it better to stick to generalities, and not attempt a forward policy m that was pretty sure to meet with rebuff. He cl gave no outward expression, however, to his feelings of discomfiture, but advanced to meet h Mrs. Forrester with all good grace. Niither he nor Kate could refrain from a broad smile when they viewed the old lady, who, arrayed in a rusty brown skirt, adorned with a huge n leather patch at the knee, and a loose scarlet q Garibaldi, indeed looked as if she despised all w thoseo effects produced by perohatl adornment. l ioer sharp eyes immediately detected an ex preesion of amusement on her companioone' " Ah !" she said, " you are laughing at my o" got-up, I can se. Never mind, I'm uncomr- o monly proud of my racing colours. They cost 3i me the largo sum of three and throoopnco half penny, including the cricketing cap. 1 bought * a remnant of rod flannel at tenpenco a yard, hi and coniider I did the thing very economically. io: if t mble aboit the dirt I shao'nt.harv 1 any fino clotilo? to spoil lile some of you smart young pcoplo."with i good-humoured glance cl at Kato. ' ly garments will wash, which is ' more than can be said of yours." " Ah, my dear lady, you resemble the in estimable irm, Gilpin, who, though on plea-. a sure bent, posasessed a frugal mind," said P Colonel Clinker gallantly. "It's a pity for some p?ople they don't re joice in a similar virtue, ' retorted Mrs. For- e rester. " If you wore to practise economy,. Master Jack, for instance, there would be no great harm done." " And perhaps no great good either. There must be some extravagant people in the world, if only for the sake of promoting trade. Are ui you going to win, Mrs. Forroester " al " I wish I could answer that question. I 1 mean to try." at " Iwas just tolling Miss Browser that you.Si and Miss Palliser were the only two com petitors she need really fear." se " ! don't count for muchi I'm afraid, but I t5 hear Miss Palliaer has set her heart on win- fe ning, and scoured all over the country after a horse to her mind. That's Coquette going by st now. Do you see the big mare next to Mllis g Browser's chesnut 1 Lookalike speed." But further conversation was cut short by the mounting of the equestriennes and the marshalling them forth in proper array. Time had long since been up, andpeople were getting a trifle impatient at the delay, though bad they but reallsed the diflicultiesof starting six ai fair ladies, pulling up their girths, Bhortening e their stirrups, adjusting their habits, and aS taking in their curb chains, they might have " displayed a greater leniency. However,,at' length all was ready for a start, and the half dozen Amazone, round whom much interest was centred, emerged from the paddock in Indian Ct file. King Olaf and Coquetto certainly carried tl off the honours in point of looks. This latter h proved a great big fine upstanding thorough. a] bred mare, showing a lot of quality, and as far Ci as appearances went seemed likely to be the it chesnut's most formidable opponent. Singing. Oi Bird came next in the public estimation, but i she looked light and in poor condition. The h competitors now went for their prlliminary r canter, which called forth many comments among the multitude, who freely criticised the 0 ladies' seats and hands. Good-natured Lady n Anne, on her dilapidated steeood, beamed with P fun and merriment, as if impolled to importher P own pleasure to those around. Mrs. Paget appeared decidedly nervous and ill at ease, Mrs. Phipps was exceedingly solemn and some what out of her element, Mrs. Forrester re presenoted real business, while Mise Palliser looked grim yet excited, and Kate resolute. d 