I WOODS AND FIELDS. (BY SIR JOHM LUBBOCK, M.P.) jk ' \ No. 1. \ Rural life, says Cicero, " is not delight-'' ful hy reason of cornfields only and meadows, und vineyards mid groves, but also for its gardens und orchards, for the feeding of cattle, the swarms of bees, and the variety of nil kinds of flowers." Bacon considered that a garden is " the greatest refreshment to thc spirits of man ; without which buildings and palaces are but gross handiworks, and a man shall ever seo thal when ages grow to civility and elegancy men come to build stately sooner than to garden finely, as if gardening were the greater perfection," and no doubt " the pleasure which we take in a garden is one of thc most innocent delights in human life." (Spectator.) Elsewhere there may be scattered flowers, or sheets of colour due to one or two species, but in gardens one glory follows another. Here are brought to- gether all the " Qualnl enamelled eyes, That on thc green turf 6iick thc honeyed eh owen, And purple all the ground with vernal flowers, Brilia the rathe primrose that forsaken dies, Thc tufted croW'toe, and palo jessamine, Thc white pink and thc pansy sreaked with jet, The glowing violet, Thu musk rose, and thc wclha! tired woodbine. With cowslips wan that liant; the pensive head, And every flower that sad embroidery wean." -(Millan). We cannot, happily wc need not try to, contrast or compare the beauty of gardens with that of woods and fields. And yet to the true lover of nature wild flowers have a diann which no garden cati equal. Cultivated plants ure but a living herbarium. They sur- pass no doubt the dried specimens of n, museum, but lovely as they are they can be no more compared with the natural vegetation of our woods and fields than the captives in the zoological gardens with the same wild species in their native forests and mountains. Often, indeed, our woods and fields even rival gardens in the richness of colour. We have all seen meadows glorious with narcissus and early purple orchis, cowslips, buttercups, or cuckoo flowers. Cornfields blazing with pop- pies ; woods carpeted with bluebells, anemones, primroses, and forget-me nots ; commons with thc yellow lady's bedstraw, harebells, and the sweet thyme ; marshy places with the yellow stars of the bog asphodel, the sundew sparkling with diamonds, ragged robin, the beautifully-fringed petals of the buckbean, the lovely little bog pimper nal, or the feathery tufts of cotton grass ; hedgerows with hawthorn and traveller's joy, wild rose, honeysuckle, and bryony, while underneath are the curious leaves and orange fruit of the lords-and-ladies, the snowy stars of the Stichwort, succory, yarrow, and several kinds of violets, while all along the banks of streams arc thc tall red spikes of the loosestrife, the hemp, agrimony, watcrgroundsel, sedges, bulrushes, flower- ing rush, sweet flag. Many other sweet names will also at once occur to us-snowdrops, daffodils, and heartsease, ladies' mantels and ladies' tresses, cyebright, milkwort, fox- gloves, herb-roberts, geraniums, and among rarer species, ut least in Eng- land, columbine and elecampane. But nature does not provide delights for the eye only. The other senses are not forgotten. A thousand sounds many delightful in themselves, and all by association-songs of birds, hum of insects, rustic of insects, rustle of leaves, ripple of water, seem to fill the air. Flowers, again, are sweet as well as lovely. The scent of pinewoods, which is said to be very healthy, is certainly delicious, and the effect of woodland scenery is good for the mind as well os for the body. " Besting quietly under an ash tree, with the scent of flowers, and the odour of green buds and leaves, n ray of sun- light yonder lighting up the lichen and the moss on the oak trunk, a gentle air stirring in the branches above, giving glimpses of fleecy clouds sailing in the ether, there comes into thc mind a feel- ing of intense joy in the simple fact of living."-(Jefferies'B Wild Life in a Sonlhern Country.) Woods and forests were to our ancestors the special scenes of enchant- ment. The great ash tree Vgzdrosil bound together heaven, earth, and hell. Its top reached to heaven, its branches covered the earth, and the roots pene- trated into hell. The three Nonmas or Fates sat under thc t ree, spinning the thread of life. Of all the gods and goddesses of classical mythology or our own folk- lore, none were more fascinating than the nature spirits-elves and fairies, neckhans and kelpies, pixies und ouphes, mermaids, undines, water spirits, and all the elfin world " Willoh have their haunts lu dale and piny mountain. Or forests, hy slow stream or tingling brook." They come out, as we are told, especially on moonlight nights. But while even- ing thus clothes many a scene with poetry, forests are fairyland all day long. Almost any wood contains many and many a spot well suited for fairy feasts, where one might almost ex- pect to find Titania, resting, os once we are told *' She lay upon a bank, thc favourite haunt Of the spring «ind in Its finit sunshine hour : For thc luxuriant strawberry blossoms spread Like a snow Bhower then, and TdoIeU Bowed down their purple vases of ]wfumc About her pillow. Linked In a cay hand Floated fantastic shapes-these were her guards. Her lithe and rainbow elves." In early Bpring the woods are bright with the feathery catkins of the willow, followed by the tender green beech, the white or pink flowers of thu thorn, the pyramids of the horse-chestnut, festoons of the laburnum and acacia, though the oak slowly wakes from its winter sleep, and the ash leaves linger in their black buds. Under foot is a carpet of flowers anemones, cowslips, primroses, bluebells -which, however, while gorae nnd heather continue in bloom for months, " blazes for a week or two, and is then completely extinguished, like a fire that has burnt itself out." (Kinnerton.) In summer the tints grow darker, the birds ara more numerous and full of life, the air teems with insects, with the busy murmur of bees and the idle hum of flies, while the cool of morning and evening, and thc heat of the day, are all alike delicious. Tt is difficult to say which are most beautiful, the tender greens of spring or the rich tints of autumn, which glow so brightly in the sunshine. As tho year advances and the flowers waiio wu have many beautiful fruits and berries-the red hips and haws of the wild roses, scarlet holly berries, crimson yew cups, translucent clusters of the guelder rose, hanging coral clusters of the black bryony, feathery festoons of the traveller's joy, and many others less conspicuous, but still exquisite in them- selves, acorns, beech-nuts, ash-keys, and many more. Tropical fruits are even luore strik- ing. No one who has seen it can ever forget a grove of orange trees in full fruit, while the more wc examine the more we find to admire, all perfectly and exquisitely finished usgue ad ungues, perfect inside and out; for nature "doc* in thc pomegranate close ? Jewels moa' rare than Onims shows.-(Mandi.) In winter the woods are comparatively bare and lifeless, eveu the brambles and woodbino which straggle over the tangle of underwood being almost leafless. Still even then they have a beauty and interest of their own, the massy boles of the trees, the delicate tracery of tho branches, which can hardly be appreciated when they are covered with leaves ; and under foot the beds of fallen leaves, while the evergreens seem brighter than in summer; the ruddy steins and rich green foliage of the Scotch pines, and thc dark spires of the firs seeming to acquire fresh beauty. Again in winter, though no doubt the living tenants of the woods are much less numerous, many of our birds being then far away hi the dense African forests, on the other hand those which remain are much more easily visible. We can follow the birds from tree to tree, and the squirrel from bough to bough. It requires little imagination to re- gard trees as conscious beings ; indeed, it is almost an effort not to do so. " The various action of trees rooting themselves in inhospitable rocks, stoop- ing to look into ravines, hiding from the glacier winds, reaching forth to the rays of rare sunshine, crowding down together to drink at sweetest streams, climbing hand in hand among the difficult slopes, opening in sudden dances among the mossy knolls, gather- ing into companies at rest among the fragrant fields, gliding in grave pro- cession over the heavenward ridges nothing of this can be conceived among the unvexed and unvaried felicities of the lowland forest; while to all these direct sources of greater beauty are added, first, the power of redundance thc mere quantity of foliage visible in the folds and on the promontories of a single Alp being greater than that of an entire lowland landscape (unless a view from some cathedral tower) ; and to this charm of redundance that of clearer visibility-tree after tree being constantly shown in successive height, one behind another, instead of the mere tops and flanks of masses, as in the plains ; and the forms of multitudes of them continually defined against the clear sky, near and above, or against white clouds entangled among their branches, instead of being confused in dimness of distance."-(Ruskin.) There is much that is interesting in the relations of one species to another. Many plants are parasitic upon others. The foliage of the beech is so thick that scarcely anything will grow under it except those spring plants such as the anemone and the wood buttercup or goldilocks, which flower early before the beech is in leaf. There are other cases in which the reason for the association of species is less evident. The larch and the arolla (Finus Cembra) are close companions. They grow together in Siberia ; they do not occur in Scandinavia or Russia, but both appear in certain Swiss valleys, especially in the cantons of Lucerne and Valais and the Engadine. Another very remarkable case which has recently been observed is the rela- tion existing between some of our forest trees and certain funguses, the species of which have not yet been clearly ascertained. Tho root tips of the trees are as it were enclosed in a thin sheet of closely-woven mycelium. It was at first supposed that the fungus was attacking the roots of the tree, but it is now considered that the tree and the fungus mutually benefit one another. The fungus collects nutriment from the soil, which passes into thc tree and up to the leaves, where it is elaborated into sap, the greater part being utilised by the tree, but a portion re-absorlied by the fungus. There is reason to think that, in some cases at any rate, the mycelium is that of the truffle. The great tropical forests have a totally different character from ours. The trees strike all travellers by their magnificence, the luxuriance of thair vegetation, and their great variety. Our forests contain comparatively few species, whereas in thc tropics we are assured that it is comparatively rare to see two of tho same species near one another. But while in our forests the species are few, each tree has an inde- pendence and individuality of its own. In the tropics, on the contrary, they are interlaced and interwoven so ns to form one mass of vegetation ; many of the trunks are almost concealed by an undergrowth of verdure and intertwined by spiral stems of parasitic plants ; from tree to tree hang an inextricable network of lianas, and it is often diffi- cult to tell to which tree thc fruits, flowers, and leaves really belong. The trunks run straight up to a great height without a branch, and then form a thick, leafy canopy far overhead, a canopy so dense that even the blaze of the cloudless blue sky is subdued, one might almost say, into a weird gloom, the effect of which is enhanced by the solemn silence. At first such a forest gives the impression of being more open than an English wood, but a few steps arc sufficient to correct this error. There is a thick undergrowth, matted together by wiry creepers, and the immediate space is traversed in all direc- tions by lines .md cords. The English traveller misses sadly the sweet songs of our birds, which are replaced by the hoarse chatter of parrots. Now nnd then a succession of cries, even harsher and more discordant, tell of a troop of monkeys passing aci-oss from tree to tree among the higher branches, or lower sounds in- dicate to a practised ear the neighbour- hood of a sloth, or some other of the few mammals which inhabit thc great forests. Occasionally a large blue bee hums pnst, a brilliant butterfly flashes across the path, or a humming bird hangs in the air over H flower, like, as St. Pierre says, an emerald set in coral, but " how weak it is to say that that exquisite little being, whirring and fluttering in the air, hos a head of ruby, a throat of emerald, nnd wings of sapphire, as if any triumph of the jeweller's art could ever vie with that sparkling epitome of life and light." (Thomson's Voyage of the Challenger.) Mr. Darwin tells us that nothing can be better than the description of tropical forests given by Bates : "The leafy crowns of the trees, scarcely two of which could be seen together of the same kind, were now far away above us, in another world as it were. We could only sec at times, where there was a break above, thc tracery of the foliage against the clear, blue sky. Sometimes the leaves were palmate, or of the shape of large out- stretched hands ; nt others finely-cut or feathery, like the leaves of mimosas. Below, the tree trunks were everywhere linked together by sipos ; the woody, flexible stems of climbing and creeping trees, whose foliage is far away above, mingled with that of the taller indepen- dent trees. Some wera twisted in strands like cables, had thick stems contorted in every variety of shape, entwining snake- like round the tree trunks or forming gigantic loops and coils among the larger branches ; others, again, were of zigzag shape, or indented like the steps of a staircase, sweeping from the ground to a giddy height." Sir Wyville Thomson graphically de- scribes a morning in a Brazilian forest : "The night was almost absolutely silent, only now and then a peculiarly shrill cry of some night bird reached us from the woods. As we got into the skirt of the forest thc morning broke, but the reveille in a Brazilian forest is wonderfully different from the slow creeping on of the dawn of a summer morning at home, to the music of the thrushes answering one another's full rich notes from neighbouring thorn trees. Suddenly a yellow light spreads upwards in the east, the stars quickly fade, and the dark fringes of the forest and the tall palms show out black against the yellow sky, and almost before one has time to observe the change the sun has risen straight and fierce, and the whole landscape is bathed in the full light of day. But the morning is yet for another hour cool and fresh, and the scene is inde- scribably beautiful. Hie woods, sc absolutely silent and still before, break at once into noise and move ment. Flocks of toucans flutter and scream on the tops of the high forest trees hopelessly out of shot, the ear is pierced by the strange wild screeches of a little band of macaws, which fly puft you like the wrapped-up ghosts oi the birds on some gaudy old brocade.' -(Thomson's Voyage of the Challenger. ] The reckless and wanton destructor, of forests has ruined some of the riches! countries on earth. Syria and Ash Minor, Palestine and the north oi Africa, were once far more populom than they are at present. They wen lands "flowing with milk and honey,' according to the picturesque language of the Bible, hut are now in miuj places reduced to dust and ashes. Win is there this melancholy change ? Wlrj have deserts replaced cities 1 It is owinj to the ruthless destruction of the trees which hos involved that of nations Even nearer home a similar procès may be witnessed. Two French depart ments-the Hautes and Basses Al pes- are being gradually reduced to ruin by th destruction of the forests. Cultivatioi is diminishing, vineyards are beinj washed away, the towns are threatened the population is dwindling, and unies something is done the country will b reduced to a desert, until, when it ha been released from the destructiv presence of man, nature once mor reproduces a covering of vegetable soi restores the vegetation, creates th forests anew, nnd once more fits thes regions for the habitation of man. In another part of France we hav an illustration of the opposite process. The region of the Landes, which lift years ago was one of the poorest an most miserable in France, is now one c the most prosperous by the planting c pines. The increased value is estimate at no less than 1,000,000,000 fraud Where there were fifty years ago only few thousand poor and unhealth shepherds, whose flocks pastured on th scanty herbage, there are now sawmill charcoal kilns, and turpentine work interspersed with thriving villages an fertile agricultural lands. In our own country, though woo« lands are perhaps on thc increase, tri forest scenery is gradually disappearing This is, I suppose, unavoidable, but is a matter of regret. Forests have i many charms of their own. They gii delightful impressions of space and < abundance. The extravagance is sublime. Tree as Jefferies says, " throw away han fulls of flower, but in the meadows tl careless, spendthrift ways of grass ar flower and all things are not to be e pressed. Seeds bj the hundred million float willi absolute indifference on the air. The oak has a hundred thousand more leaves than necessary, and never hides n single acorn. Nothing utili- tarian - everything on a scale of splendid waste. Such noble, broadcast, open- armed waste is delicious to be- hold. Never was there such a lying proverb ns ' Enough is as good as a feast.' Give mo the feast; give me squandered millions of seeds, luxurious carpets of petals, green mountains of oak leaves. The greater thc waste the greater the enjoyment-the nearer the approach to real life." ( To bu continltd. ) 