Q\ dUMBS . Stock salo to- dp „y bv Miller and Miller, at their yards, at 2 o'clock. Write iu advance to secure rooms in the MetropoJatrn hotel, King-street, Sydney. As our wa ter and gas schemes are ap proaching Completion, tho Cootamundra Herald offic© h^s several letters from business peoplo anxio us to settle in the town. Mr. See says the increased revenue of £700, 001* or £800,000 from the Customs Duties 'tfill will cost only about 1 per cent, to collect. » The Dublin Freetdan's Journal has ab sorbed the National Press on terms ex ceedingly advantageous to the proprietors of the latter publication. ?By our land information it will be seen that a lurge area of crown lands adjoining this town are to be submitted at auction on Wednesday, 20th April. M Loubet, the French Premier, has threatened to close the churches, in the event of the clergy continuing to preach political sermons. He has, ordered the expulsion of a Scotch Jesuit named Forbes, who fulminated a charge of immorality in the army. In the House of Commons a motion affirming the principle of payment of mem bers was brought forward by Mr. Charles Fenwick, member for Wansbeck. The mo tion was negatived by a majority of 65 votes. A disastrous fire has taken place in the harbour at Barcelona, Spain. A petroleum vessel caught fire, and the flames spread with alarming rapidity to the shipping in 'the vicinity. Seven steamers, including two Spanish men-of-war, were burned to the water's edge. The second reading of the British Small Boldings Bill was agreed to on the voices in the House of Commons on Thursday night. Mr. Gladstone regards the Small Holdings Bill as an honest effort to meet the agricul tural difficulty, and urges the adoption of compulsory purchase. A new York telegram gives particulars of a tragic event which has occurred in a church at Georgia, one of the southern states. A dispute occurred m the church, and during a fight which ensued a negro bishop, who had been conducting the service, was shot dead in the pulpit. 0^* Just received a splendid assortment of Trusses at the Cootamundra Dispensarv. A railway train in America, nearing its destination, was precipitated over a low viaduct into the river below. The con ductor, one of the first to escape from the submerged carriages, was carried awav by the stream. He managed, however, to 'seize the branch of a tree growing by the water side and held on ' like grim death.' A® others of the passengers, who escaped in a like manner, were being carried past him by the current, he called to them : — ' Tickets ! Give me your tickets, please !' An amateur dramatic company gave a performance lately. The piece was ' Ham let,' and Gus Snobberley played the Ghost. Gus^ expressed his lack of c nfldence in in himself, but the manager re-assured him by saying : ' Now, Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, « I am thy father's ghost.' and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' Gus said be would try to do bia level best. When the ghost's turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performpnee by saying : 'lam thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep sonorous voice.' A sh'ort Act to extend the jurisdiction of Courts of Petty Sessions was assented to on 16th ult., and gazetted last week. By it the law respecting the recovery of small debts in all parts of the colony has been extended, except within the boundaries of the several Petty Sessions' districts of Sydney and suburbs, to ail actions for debts only, to an amount not exceeding £30, subject to all the exemptions and restrictions contained in Section 4 of the principal Act. It shall be lawful for the plaintiff now to summon the defendant to the Court of Petty Sessions, holden for the district in which the debt sued for was contracted, in the same manner as if he was a resident of such dis trict. (d* Guns and ammunition at the Trade Palace. All prices reduced. Savings Bank depositors in Australia are exceptionally fortunate. From the official ' Victorian Year Book' it appears that while in the mother country the thrifty Savings Bank investor has to be content with a modest 2£ per cent., in Victoria the rate allowed is 4 per cent. In other Aus tralian colonies it is even higher. In New South Wales, whilst the rate in the Post Office Savings Bank is 4 per cent., ns in Victoria, that in the General Savings Bank is 5 per cent, for accounts remaining open at the end of the year, only 4 per cent., however, being allowed on closed accounts. In Queensland the rate is 5 per cent, on de posits below £100 ; in South Australia, 4^ per cent ; in Tasmania, 5 per cent, on sump up to £150 in the General, and 8& per cent, in the Post Office Savings Banks ; and in New Zealand 4J and i per cent, respectively. On the other hand, for some reason not ?explained, the rate is only 3£ per cent in Western Australia. . Holloway's Ointment and I'ili.b are beyond all doubt the most valuable and most convenient medicines that travellers'can tnlce across the seas to distant climes, for the change of climate and the new conditions end surroundings of life to which they will be exposed will assuredly give rise to great disturbances of the system and to such espccial morbid states of the blood pnd constitution generally ua will render the use of tluso effectual remedies highly necessary, for they will find in them a ready and safe means of relief in most of the diseases which aiflict the human met*, and with them at hand they may he said to have a physician atyayp at their call. KEATING'8 COUGH LOZENGK8 cure (Joughf, Astbina, Hronchtlis. Mcdical testimony states that no other medicine is bo effectual in the cure of these dangerouF muladies. One Lozenge alone gives, ease, oue or two at bed time eensures rest. Fyr relieving difficulty of breathing tliey are invaluable. They cm no opium nor any violent drug. Sold by all chemists in Tins, J/1,} and 2/0 each. \- ' 