THE WHITE BLA.ZE. Scene : Doncaster. Time : St. Leqee Day, 1882. ' Whon wo parted this morning,' said Jockey Bowman, ' I promised that I would tell you the story of John Howland. You shall have it now. But first I must exact one promise from you, and it is that you will novor reveal this Btory to others; or in any way make it public, until after my death — assuming that you survive me.' ; ? I gayo him tho required promise, and he proceeded; , . . ?'.'- ? ' The succession of strange evfirits which I am about to relate date their commence ment as far back as twelve years ago, soon tif tor I landed -the City and - Suburban on Gay Doeeiver, which youwill remember. wns the first big raco I was successful iu. . I wns riding afc the Fullinghain Whitsuntide mooting, and, having had a good season so far, had managed to get my name pretty woll up among. tlio natives. ' Ib was early in the morning of the third day that a note was brought mo from John Howland, a bookmaker, in which he asked me to ride a filly of his called Feaolla, who was ontored in the two-yoar-bl'd five-furlong sw.eppT stakes that day. ? I didn't liko John How land for many reasons, one of which was that 1 litive a keen' hatred of bookmakers as ft body, and another, because ho was one of tho worst specimens of his class, or to put it shortly, a ruffian and a'.liuUy. , How over, in business likes and dislikes have to be put aside. The man was willing to pay my terms. I was disengaged, and in those days couldn't nfford to throw a mount away. I sent word of acceptance. Whon I got to the courso that afcernoon I heard that Howland had been backing his filly for all he could get on, having Made a cer tainty of winning. I knew ho hud beoa hit hard two or three times lately, and Was therefore ''nob surprised to hear this, though naturally it always makes ma feel a bit anxious when I know an owrior had heavily backed the horstt I am riillnir'for him. Well, when I got tho ji'i ?':??'. o'i ,..:i-l wiis going into tho poddo';;!.- ? inns; Howland's trainer, Yates, citiii.- ?- uu with a troubled look on his fiico. . ' I'm half afraid of this business of How land's,' he said to mo.'.' 'Clio filly has never been out hefore, and is just as nervous as a kitten. Sho won her trial easily enough, and if she runs ujj to that .shn'll land ; but I don't like the business, and I don't liko Howland's mood to-diiy. Ho's ' been drinking heavily. .Kuvor know him to go such a raker before, butting- more .like a madman than a sane being.' ' Whon I mounted Fenella I noticed that she was sweating freely, and trembling like a leaf. She was one of the sweetest fillies I over saw, a bonny bright bay, with a white blaze on her forehead, and when I patted bur on the back by way of oncouragomflnt she turned her head and gave me a look out of hor eyes that was just like that of a liniiiim being. ? As wo passed tho ring, on our way to the post, Howlnnd stood against the rails tugging at his beard, and vhituhing us' 113 we went up the course. I walked tho Ully slowly along, patting tier gniitly tho while ; you wouldn't believe what nn effect that patting lias' upon a nervous youngster, and by tho time we had reached the starter she was finite cool and quiet. I got well away when the flag full aiid at once started to make the pace as hot as I could, for I know that to keep hor in front was my best chance. If I had let her be collared by anything* or waited and tried to come at the finish, she would run green. When wo got to the furlonir pole I felt that I had them all settled—all axe'opt ono. Norseman, whom Georgo B;u-iiliam was riding. Norseman was was going strongly and easily, and do what I would I couldn't shake him off. I pricked Penella. with the spur, . and managed to keep her head in front until we reached tho sixteenth pole. Then I felt that I must use the whip unless I wanted to bo be beaten, for S'enella was beginning to give way, while Norseman was gaining upon her at every' stride. . I gave hor 0110 cut, and she answered like the game bit of stuff she was,- but George was just as quick. Beforo I could raise. my whip again ho liad got tho first go, and Norseman was a neck in front. ? Then I plied the whip and spur together, and the filly answered every call. I got her up inch by inch, and then, right on tha.post, sho pecked, from sheer distress, and when the numbers were hoisted George had done, me by a nose. .' . . . . ? ' . ;. ' When I went into the weighing-room Howhuid was there. He was quite livid; with rage, stamping about the room and swearing and blaspheming in a way to make one's blood run cold. ; ' ' The — —jade wouldn't try a yard. I'll have the — — sliot, fey — — ,' ha shouted, as soon as he saw.me. When I was weighed I went up to him. ' ' You're wrong about 'ffenolla, Mr. Howland,' I said. ' She struggled every yard, but jmab one too good for her, that's aii:* , ? .. ..; ;..?. ?'-'.''. ;. ' ? She cut it, I tell you. : She's a jade. You, the filly, and all the rest of thorn .are in league against me. She'll never serve me the same trick again. Shot she shall be if I have to hang for it to-morrow.' ' God knows, I tried all I could to save the filly's life. . In vain' I pleaded with hiin. In vain I threatened him. In vain begged him with tears in my eyes to spare her. I offered him two, four, five hundred, a thousand oven, and that was something to me in those days, to let me have her. It was of no use. The devil was raging in him. Nothing would satisfy him but that she should be shot,- and he would do it with his own hand. Others came up and tried to reason with him, but they might as well naveremainea siteut. Jie answered, them only with Buch curses and oaths and foul abuse that everybody cried shame on him. Then one of Howland's men brought a gun, which he took, and with which ho left the room. . ;??..-. '? ?.-'; 1 ' ' The blood of that defenceless creature I will follow , you to the grave,' I cried. I thought little of tho words then j I had a good reason to remember them afterward. Howland only . grinned in reply and wont out. -Presently- 1 saw him going to the course,- on the river side, with the gmr under his arm. Walking into the paddock I met Fenella; who was boing led away by a stable lad; As shepnssed me sho turned her head my way and gave quite a queer little cry. I went, up to her ,and stroked her. neck, and sho. rubbed her head against my arm. Then I felt a big lump rising in my throat, .and hurried away into my dressing-room. .That was the last I saw of .ner_- ? ,? .. .' .? ? . -.:??.. . ? ' It was after' the nest race that How land was seen coining back to the ring. I had not ridden in that raco, but some of the boys who did told mo ' that they had seen the butchery accomplished, and that the carcass was then lying up at the top turn. ^..WhenHowland came into the pad dock all the lads wore in waiting for him. They got round him with hoot3 and groans', and hiBBCs and blows, and, I believe, would have lynched .him on the Bpofc if lie hadn't been well protected by his own gang. As it was, it took six policemon to get him safoly away. - . . ' The first news I had of Howland after that was that his wife and only son had been thrown out of a trap, which the former was driving along the Tyingham road, and instantly killed. All accounts of the affair showed that the hone, when going at full speed, had suddenly stopped and shied at something in the middle of tho road, . though it was known that the luttu wub yaLiwyij viuuc uu buu tiuiu. .Eluw land had given up bookmaking aftor the Pflnella 'affair, and' confined himself to plaotnghis horses whore ho thought they had a chance of winning. But even here an evil fate followed him. For twelve months he had to faco an unbroken suc cession of defeats and losses. ; His horses were always beaten, and, what is still more remarkablo, invariably by tho same distance— a short head. I hml the pleasure of accomplishing his overthrow on many occasions, and you may guess that this gavo me no small amount of satisfaction. Yet- the .unvarying regularity of the distance by which his horses were defeated became tho subject of remark. Another notable fact was that they always turnpd their, heads right on the post. Whether thby were caught or wore trying to collar the leaders, the result was the same ; when the pinch camo, they always faltered. The Jost.and most striking circumstance of all, was thnt every boy who onco rode a horse, of Howland's steadily refused to ride. for him again. The highest fees would not .tempt thorn'. No one could be persuaded to give 'Iris reasons, and there the fact re mained, and Howland was often hard pushed tor a jockey. This development of ' tho situation perplexed us much, and gave riso to a lot of talk and speculation. But the explanation ' of it all was soon to come, and in a manner for which I was least pre- . pared. . , ? ,-??'.' ' This waa in the November Stakes of ten yoars^ago, one of the last big fiat races of the season, and run at the same place that I have already spoken of, Fulling ham. I had for. a ' mount iii that race a marn called The Flirt, between whom and another mare' of 'the same age, Zanetta, whom Charlie Beach was riding, the finish was supposed to be. They liad only one to beat; this was a smart three-year-old called Volunteer, one of Howard's, who; I hoard, had been well tried, and for whom the Tyingham division wore going 'in earnest, terrible' earnest, so far as llowlaud was conoerned, for it was common talk that ho wns on his last logs, and that a failure this time would about finish him. The rest of the Hold 'was made up of weeds and platers, who counted for nothing. When the flag frtll Wrtw!l,,lfl'a flftl^'wnnf r\l£ ni- at\r\\*.n ?imi] n.a soon out with a six lengths' lead. Charlie Beach, who rode Zanetta, and I wero aide by side, nnrsing our mounts and waiting for the leader to come back to us, as, from what I saw of him,1 I felt pretty sure he would, do. Bounding tho turn into tho homestretch wo began to go up to him, bub I had run hardly another furlong when I felt that my mare had had enough of it. Then I called on her and made my offort. 'Give way. Fi-ud, when you're beaten',' cried Charlie to me, and the next moment The Flirt bogan to drop back. Instantly Zanetta shot out like an arrow, and in a .flash had passed me and gone on after the leador. I saw her gaining on him foot by foot and inch by inch, but they had only fifty yards more, to go, and the youngster wns still a neck to the good. 'She'll never catch him,' I said, and tho words had hardly left my lips when, right on the post, Voluntoer stopped, swerved and shied, and Charlio had got the mare home by a short head. : ' ? ' i. ' It was marvellously strange. 'I'ho track had been purfectly clear, nothing that I could, see to account for Volunteer's eccentric behaviour. Yet thero the fact was. 'The horse had stopped and risen ou his bind foot right ou the winning post, a thing that in all my experience I had never seen. Every one was amazed, but :tliey wuro not no amaxed as I was whpn, a few minutes later, little 'loimny Garriitt, who had ridden Voluntuor, camo up to 1110 i with a ' faco tin white as a sheet, and trembling liWo a leaf. I asked him the reason of Volunteer's mishap. ? ? .'? ' ' That's what I came to tell you,' ho answered in a frightened voice., Ho caught hold of my arm, raised himself on tip-toei and put liis lips to my ear : ' ' Do you believe in ghosts ?' he whispered. ' I stared at him for a moment without -.replying, wondering whether he had gone ?crazy. ?'? ''?Ghoats I-1'-' I ejaculated, in astonish ment. ' Ghosts ! Why ?' ''Because, I've just seen one; not- a ghost like you or me ; the ghost of a filly.' '; ' If an: electric shock had struck me at that moment it could not have startled me more than Ins last words did. I staggered back against the wall and looked at him in silence, miuble'.tp speak or move. : ' 'Yes,' he went on, his teeth chattering,, 'it's true; just atthe finish of the race, and I was in front, when thero before me, right in. the middle of the track, just as though she had risen 'ffffin the ground, stood a filly with blood all down her sides. You may boliovo 1110 or not, as you like, but the horse saw her, too, whon he shied, and nearly rolled back on me. She was gone again in an instant, but I toll you I saw hor as plainly as I see you.' 'I think I was as white as him when I asked, ' Whatwas the filly's color?' ' 'Bay,' answered Tommy at once; 'bay, with a white blaze forehead.' : 'The words had hardly been spoken when there was the report of a shot out side,, a 'loud cry, with a rush toward the paddock. I ran to the door of our room and looked out. Howlaud was lying on the ground with a pistol in. his hand and a stream of blood flowing from Mb mouth. 'When they took him to the hospital it was found that he was not dead, and ho did not die. After four months' confine ment he rose from his bed, perfectly re covered, but dumb for the rest of his days. The bullet, entering his mouth, liad Bhot away the greater portion of the tongue, and passed out tho back of the head. It seems that the action ot the shot had destroyed certain highly sensitive cerebral nerves, with the result that iu addition to being deprived of speech, the whole of ono side of his face would be paralysed. ? 'That was the end of John Howland. Buined in pocket, in mind and in health, he sank from ono degree of wretchedness to another until he became a racecourse card-Heller. I belioye he once tried to get employment in a stable. He had started life as a stable- lad, but there was no animal that, though quiet as a sheep at other times, did not become a perfect fiend when he drew nigh, not one that would let him lay a finger on it.' 'You said that tho blood of that de fenseless creature' would follow him to his j grave,' I mused, after a paxise. ' Will that prophecy be fulfilled, I wonder f '.'?? - Thus speaking, I strode to the window and looked down upon the crowd of moving objects in the brilliantly-lighted .street bulow. From a saloon across : tho road, flariiigly illuminated with colored gas jets, could be hoard tho scraping of a violin coupled with the- shuffling of feot on tho sandy floor inside. Whon the sounds were at their loudest the half-closed door of the saloonvwuB pulled violently open, and tho little bent, Bhnmbling form that I knew, so well stumbled oi)t to the sidewalk. ' Quick,' I called to Bowman, who was still , seated in his chair. ' Quick. Look here.' Bowman rose, and coming up to where I was, stood with his hand upon my shoulder, grimly looking down upon the figure of the old cardTseller. Howland stood stock still upon the pavement], looking irresolutely up and down the street as if undecided which way to turn. Then, drawing '-''himself together with, an effort, he started across the road. At tho same moment a wild; frightened shouting rose in the air.and two horses drawing nn ampty carriage tore madly down the street, swaying from side td side of the load. Tlio reins behind 'thorn trailed over their backs and on the ground. The coachman, seem ingly deprived of all power of movement, laid back on tho seat, convulsively clutch ing at the cushion rail, lut, deaf to tho crios of thoso who saw him, tho little figure kept steadily on its courso until it reached tho middle of the roadway, and thon stopped, with its faco turned toward tho maddened brutes now tearing right down on it. Wo heard tho shriek of horror from the crowd ; wo saw tho horses in full gallop stop as if they had boon shot, sworvo and roar np on their hind legs ; wo saw the withered right arm cave as though in mocking monanco to tho gathoring crowd; thon they have jumped over on the body now writhing on tho ground, down among the hoofs that woro busily beating out its life. Whon we reached tlio street wo met the crushed and mangled form being carried in/o the portico of tho hotel. The horsRs had suddonly turned quite quiet, and stood perfectly still and docile on the spot from which Howland's 'body had been dragged. As the moaning, twist ing figure was laid on the stone flagging of the hall-way the crowd divided so that Bowman and I stood in front of it. The sight' of the crushed and bleeding body turned me faint and sick. Instinctively I turned to Bowman. His face was set and calni .with a mask-like composure (is he looked down upon Howlaridwith a steady, compassionate attention. ? Ab jiiy! eyes rested on his faco the figuriVat bur feet; was stilled. Slowly, the eyes bpohoit and turned first on me and tlieh'on Bowman. The face, dank with; the dews . Of mortal agony, was instantaneously suffused and distorted with a rage that was hideous to behold, and then again faded into the gray! 'stony insensibility of death. There waB a deep-drawn, sobbing sigh, and the head foil back. ''',':'..' ' -,-.. ??' . '? ;' Howland had answered my question for himself.. '?*. , '. -. ; ??;.?'? 