FICTÍON. Kllsb« American, «uri Other P«i UNDER SUSPICION. Prura Koftllab, American, «uri Other Periodical!, CHAPTER III. THROUGH THE WHITE SILENCE. As for Chesney, his thoughts would have matched Boy Hiltou's in their tumult and fever j but he fought against love that was so long in his life that it could not be torn out at a moment's bidding without also ending life. He fought again love, knowing that his manhood and honour . demanded this j but though a mighty enemy to his peace, it was in no other phase comparable with tbo demon centuries old that rose full-statured that day in his successful rival's heart. The struggle was bitter ¡ the pride in bis blood Ci'iod out against the truth that was forced upon him aBan insult from the man who should have been his friend because of WB nobility and victory ; but, in spite of his anger and humiliation and pride, ho,, knew-and knowing softened his heart-that his friend was most generous and just. There was that height of manhood in each that forced recognition from the other. Meeting under other circum- stances, their friendship would have been lasting and deep.' The first flush of his anger was dying out. Ho recalled, for he was just, the qualities that made his friend PO dangerous to his happiness. He slackened his pace as his excitement cooled. Once he paused and glanced around upon the solitude. A dry twig somewhere near crackled and broke making a sharp sound in the silence. He turned quickly, his face lighting, almost hoping it were his friend coming in hip generosity to take back hie words, so granting him the opportunity to make amends for his own haughtiness. But nothing followed-; nothing lay behind him but his well defined tracks in the light snow. Nothing ? " It's a long walk after all from Hardman's old house in these woods to Nanuet," he said, by and by, as he walked on more slowly, the semi-darkness of a snowy night thickening around him. He was no coward. He liked such solitude as that when in his disturbed mood, bub he was restless. Then he laughed, and his face cleared of its sadnesb as he said, lightly : \ "Thinking of my life's ghosts make» me super- stitious, I shall be glad' to resume the society of my fellow-men. Old Hardman's impression upon me, too. If ever there was an old sinner, he is one, He knows I am beginning to see through his sharpe ness, and he has no love for me." Was that any any ene in the bushes back there that tho dry twigs crackled so ? The cart-track was just to the right, and that was the usual cross-cut from Nanuet to the Nyaok turnspike. Perhaps Borne one was passing that way and would bear him company. He would be rather glad of companionship. It mi Le caught no sound of voices. Friend or strange^ ho would take up with him rather than walk the rest of the way alone. He stopped and turned his pleasant face toward the dry thicket that hid the view of the cart track beyond. " Hello !" he said, cheerily. " Anybody there ? If so, comrade, let's go on together. It's a trifle ghostly iu this place alone." A pleasant laugh that of his. A pleasant face turned toward the thicket in the gathering gloom. A light step, full of life and strength of purpose and pride of manhood, that upon the lightly lying snow, as he started across to the thicket. Life and light and youth and determination to be noble embodied in him. . # # # * A half-hour, later, Roy Hilton, in his hunting suit of blue, a good deal the worse for briers and thickets, his rifle in its case, his face very white and determinedly set, boarded the train for New Tork at the Nanuet station, some dozen or so. idly curious eyes gazing after the handsome stranger with the haughty air. At that very moment, out > in the white silence of the woods, what was it laying motionless and lifeless upon thespow, under the whispering trees behind the thicket? Did the footprints lead to that ? 