, THE AMERICAN CLAIMANT. . BY MARK TWAIN. CHAPTER XI. During the first few days ho kept the fact diligently before hU mind that he .was In a land where there was "work and bread for all." ' In fact, for convenience ' enko, ho fitted it to a littlo tunc and hunimbd it to himself, but na time wore on the fact itnalf began to take ' on ' a doubtful look, and next the tune got fntigued and presently rnn down and stopped. Hie first effort was to got an upper clerkship in one of the depart, merits, where his Oxford education' would come into play and do him servioo. But ho 'Stood ho chance whatever. There, oompotonoy was no recommendation'; . political backing, .without: competency, .was worth six of it.- Ho was glaringly English, and that was necessarily against him in the political oentre of a nation wliero both parties prayed for tho Irish cause on the housetops and blnsphemod it in the cellar. By liis dross, ho was a cowboy ; that won him re spect wheu his back was not turned, but it couldn't get a clerkship for him. But he had said in a rasli moment that he would' wear those clothes till the owner or the owner'a friende caught sight of him and asked for that money, and his eonBoionco would not let him rotiro from that engagement now. " ( At tho orid of a w-ook things were beginning to wenr rather a' startling look. He had: hunted everywhere for work, descending gradually the scale of quality, until apparently, ha had sued for nil tho various kinds of work a man without a special calling miglitTiopo to be able to do— oxcept ditching and tho other coarse manual sorts — and bad got neither work nor the promise of it. : ' .I He was meobanloally turning over, the leave'B of his diary 'meanwhile, and now his ' eyes fell upon the first record made after ha was burnt out " I myself did not doubt my stamina .before, nobody could doubt it now, if. they . could see bow 'I" am boused, and realise that 'i ' feol absolutely no disgust with these quarters, .but am as serenely content with them as . any '"dog would be in. a similar konnol. Terms, . twenty- five dollars a week. I said I would start ot the bottom. I have kept my word." A shudder went quaking through him, and ho exclaimed — ., . "What have I been thinking of?, ; ..This tho bottom?. Mooning along a -whole week, - and these torrifia oxpensos . climbing and : climb ing all the tjme I I must end this folly straight- fey. : ' Ho settled, up at once and went forth to find less sumptuous lodgings. He lied to. wandor to and fro and seek with diligence, but ho succeeded' , They made him pay in advance — dol. ; this seoured both bed and food for a week. The good natured, hard worked landlady took him up three flights of narrow uncarpeted stairs and doliverod him .iuto his room. There were two double bodsteads in it and one single ono. Ho would bo allowed to Bleep alone in one of tho double beds until some now boarder should come, but ho wouldn't be oharged extra. So ho would presently be required, to .sleep with some stranger 1 Tho thought of it made him siok. Mrs. Marsh, the landlady, was yory friendly, and hoped ho would liko hor houso— they all. liked it, she said. . "And they're a very nice set of boys. Thoy carry on a good deal, but that's their fun, You gee, this room opens right into this back ono, and somotlmes thoy'ro all in one and .sometimes in the other.;, and hot nights thoy all sleep on the roof 'when it don't rain. Thoy got out there the minute it's hot enough. The. season's so early that they've already had a night or two up there, ."If you liko to go up and pick out a place, you, can. You'll find chalk in .the side of, tho chimney where there's a briok wanting. You just .take tho chalk and — but, 'of course, you've done it before." "Oh, no, I haven't." "Why, of course, you haven't— what am I thinking of? Plenty of room -j on the Plains without ohalking, I'll bo bound. Well, you just chalk out a plaao tho, size of a blankot 'anywhere on the tin that ain't already marked . , off , , you, know, and that's your prop'orty. You and your bed, mate' take turn about carrying up tho blankets and pillows and fetching them down again ; pr one carries them up and tho other fetches them down— you fix it tho way you. like, you know. You'll like the boys, they're oyerlasting sociablo— except the. printer, Ho's the one that sleops in that Binglo bed — tho strangest orenture ; wiiy, I don't believe you oould get that man to sleep with another man, not, if the house whs afire. Mind you, I'm not just talking —I know, Tho boys trlod him to see. 1 Thoy took his .bed out ono night, and so: when ho got home' about 3 in the morning — ho was on a morning papor then, but ho's on an evening ono now— there wasn't any place for him but with the iron moulder, and if you'll believe me, he just sot up the reat of. thu night— ho did, .honest. Thoy say he's craoked, but it ain't bo, he's English— they're awful particular. You won't- mind my saying that. You— you're Euglish?" , "Yos." " I thought so. I oould tell It by the way you mispronounao the words that's' got a's in them, you know, such as saying loff when you moan laff— but you'll get ovor that." -He's- a right down good fellow, and a. little sociable witli the photographer's boy and the caulker, and the blacksmith that works in the' 'navy yard, but not so much so with the others. The fact is, though, its private, and tho others don't know it; he's a kind of an aristocrat, his father, being a doctor, and you know what style that is, in .England I mean, beoause in this country: a dootor ain't so very rnuoh, even if he's that ; but over there of courso it's different. So this chap had a falling out with his fntber and was pretty high strung, ; and JHB'i out for this country, and tliu first he knew he had to get to work or starve, Well, '-he'd- boon to coltego, you sec, and so he judged he was all right— did ' you say any thing?" , .. . , "No; I only sighed." " And there's where ho was mistaken, Why, ho mighty near starved. And I reckon' ho would have starved sure enough if somo jour' printer Jor. other hadn't took pity on him and got .him a plnca as apprentice. So he learnt tho trade, and then lie' was all right— but it was a close calL Once ho thought ho had got to haul in bis'pride 'arid holler for ids father, and — -why, you're sighing again. Is anything the matter with you '/—does my clatter — " "Oh, dear no. Pray go on — I like it." "Yes, you see he's been over here 10 years ; he's 28 now, and ha aiu't pretty well satisfied in his mind, because ho oan't got reoonoiled to being n moohanio and associating - with mechanics, lie being, as he says to me, a gentle man, whioh is'a pretty plain letting on that the boys ain't ; but of course, I know enough not to let that cat out of the bag." " Why, w— would thoro be an harm in it?" . "Harm in it? They'd lick him, wouldn't they? Wouldn't you? Of courso you would. Don't you ever let n man say you ain't a gontlo- man in this country. But laws, what am I thinking about ? I reckon a body would. think twice before he said a cowboy wasn't a gentlo-, man." . A trim, active, slender and very pretty, girl, of about 18 walked into the room now, in tho most satisfied and unembarrassed way. She was cheaply but smartly and gracofully dressed, and the mother's quick glanco at tho stranger's face as lie rose was of a kind which inquires what cffcot has been produced, and expects to find indications of surprise and admiration. "This is my daughter Hattio — wo call her Puss. It's the now boarder, Puss." This with out rising. - The young Englishman made the awkward bow common to his nationality and time of life in circumstances of detioaey and difficulty, arid these words of that sort ; for, beiug taken by surpriso, his natural, life-long self sprang to tho front, and that self, of oourse, would not know just how to act when introdueed to. a-chamber .maid or to the heiress of a moohanios' boarding house. His other self — the self which reoog- nised the equality of all men — would have mrinaged the thing better, if it hadii't. been caught off- guard and robbed of its ohanae. The young girl paid no attention to the bow, but put out her linnd frankly, and gave the stranger a friendly shake and said — . ' " How" do yon do ?" Thou she marolied to the one wasbstand in the room, tilted her head this way and tLnt be fore tho wreck of a cheap mirror that bung :ovcr it, dampened her fitigors with her tongue, 'Perfected tho eitole of a littlo look of hair that ???. pnsted ngalnst her forehead, then began to ' busy herself with the slops. " Well, I must be going — it's getting towards supper time. Make yourself at home, Mr. frscy ; you'll hear the bell when its ready." The. landlady took hor tranquil departure without commanding either of the young people- to vacate the -room. -Tho young man: wondered a littlo that a mother who seemed so honest and rcspeotnblo should bo so thoughtless, - reaching for his bat, intending to dis embarrass tho girl of his preBonco ; 'but sho said : :" Whore are you going ? " "."Well, nowhere in particular, but as I am : only in the way here — " " Why, who said you were in tho way? Sit, down— I'll move you when you ore in tho way." . - &he; was making the beds now. He sat down and watchod her deft and diligont por- formnnee. "What gave you that nation? Do. you reckon I need a whole room just to mako up a bed or' two in?" ' "Well, no, it 'wasn't that exactly. Wo are away up hero in an empty house, and your mothor b'aing gone " Tho girl interrupted him with an amused laugh; and said — . ."Ifobody to protect mo? Bless you, I don't need .that. I'm- not afraid. I might bo if I wis alone, beoause I do hate, ghosts, and I don't .deny it Not .that I believe in tbem, for I don't. ..I.'m only just afraid of them." t ' - ". How can yon bo afraid of them if you don't bellevo in., thorn ?" " Oh, I don't know tile hoiu of"it— that's too many for me; I only know it is so. It's the same -with Maggio Leo." ; V.I'.JYho isthat?"' . !' floe. - of tko; , boardors ; yilting lady that .works fn'.tbo factory." .'"Sho.worksinnfaotory ?''',,j;;/ . Yogs'. Shoo factory." ... ,f t in a shoo faotory, and yanic≪ hor a young lady \- » Why,- she's only 22 ; what should you call her?,"' ' .. ji"I wasn't thinking of hor age ; I was think ing of .the title. The foot is, I c'a'me away from England to get away from-, artificial forms— for artificial forms suit . artificial pooplo only-rand hero you'vo got them too." I'm sorry. I hoped you had only men arid women ; everybody equal ; no differonco in rank." .'frie girl stopped with a pillow in her tooth and tho oase spread open below it, contemplating: him from under hor brows with a slightly puzzled expression. - She replnced - tho pillow, 'and snid— " Why, tliey are all equal.' Where's any dilToronoo in rank ? " " If you call a faotory girl a young lady, what do you call tho President's wife. " Call her an old one." .. . ,P.bi you make ago the only distinction?" ' There aiut any other to mako as for as I can see."' . : Then all women are ladios ?" ".Certainly thoy are. All tho ' rospcotablo ones." : 'Well, that puts a better face on it. Cer tainly there is no harm in a title whioh is given to oyorybody. It is only an olfenoo and a wrong wheu it is restricted to a favored few. -But Miss — or — " "Hattio."' "Miss Hattie, be frank; oonfoss that the' title isn't neoorded by everybody to ovorybody. . Tho. rioli Amerioari doesn't call her cook a lady — Isn't that so?" . '"Yos, it's it. What of it?' . He was surprisod and a little, disappointed 'to seo that . his admirable shot had produced no perceptible effect. ' " Whit o/ it ?" he said. ' " Why this; equality is not conceded hero after all, and the Ameri cans are -no better' off -than tho English. In fact there's no difference.", " Now, what an idoa. There ia nothing in a title except what is put into it — you'vo said that yourself; - Suppose ,the title is clean, instead of lady, you get that?" . ... " I holievo so. Instead of speaking of a woman as a lady , you substitute olean, and say she's a clean person." ' ' " That's it. In England the swoll folks don't speak of .-the working- pooplo as gentlepieq, and ladies?" . " Oh, rio." ' "And the working people don't call themselves gontlcmen and ladies?" ." Certainly riot." ' 1 ' " So if you used tho other word there wouldn't bo any Change. -The swell - peopto wouldn't call anybody but themselves ' olean, '.nnd those others, would drop sort of meekly into their way of talking, nnd they wouldn't call themselves clean. Wo .don't do that way here. Everybody calls himself a lndy or a gentleman, and thirika ho is, and don't care what anybody else thinks biro, so long as be don't say it out loud.- ' You think there's -no difference. You knuckle down arid we don't. Ain't that a difference?" "It is n difference I hadn't though of, I admit that. Still, calling ono's self a lady doesn't— or-: — " " Iwouldn't go on if I wore you." ' . Howard Trnoy turned Ids hand to seo who it might bo that had introduoed this remark Id was a short man about 40 years old, with sandy hair, no .beard, and 'a pleasant' face bndly freckled, but alive and intelligent, nnd he wore slop ehop clothing, whioh was neat, but Bhowed wear... Ho had come from tho front room bo- yond.tbe hall, where ho had left his hat, and he. .had a chipped and craoked white wash bowl in his band. Tho girl oame and took the bawl. , '.' I'll got it for you. You go right ahead arid give it . to , him, .Mr. Barrow. Ho's the new boarder, Mr. Tracy, nnd I'd just got to whore it was getting too deop for me." "Much obliged if yon will, Hattie. I was coming to borrow of tho boys." Ho sat down at his ease on an old trunk, and said, "I've boen listening and got interested ; and as I was saying, I wouldn't go on, if I wore yon. .-' You see whore you nro coming to, don't you? Calling yourself a lady doesn't eleot you ; that is what you were going to say ; and you saw that if you said it you were going to run right up against another difference that you hadn't thought of, to wit, wiiose right is it to do'tho electing? Ovor there twenty thousand peoplo in a million eleot themselves gentleman and ladies, and the nino hundred and eighty thousand accept that decree and swallow the affront whioh it puts upon them. Why, if thoy didn't accept it, it wouldn't bo an election ; it would be a dead letter and have no foroo at nil. Over bore tho twenty" tljousurid would , bo' exolusiyes come up to the polls, aud vote theriiselvos to <10 ladiss . and gentleman. But the thing . don't stop:': there. The nino hundred and eighty:( thousand come arid vote' themselves to be -ladies and gentle men, too, and that elects the whole nation. Since tho whule million vote themselves liulios and ' goritiemori, there is 110 question about election. : It does mako absolute equality, and there is- na fiction about it ; wbllo ovor y oiulor trie inequality (by decreo of tho infinitely feeble, and consent of the infinitely strong), is also abso lute— as. real and nbsolute as our equality." Tracy had shrunk promptly into iris English shell wlion this speech begnn, notwithstanding he had now bcon in severe training several weoks for oontaot nnd inieroourse with tho common 'herd, on tho eommon herd's terms ; but ho lost no time in pulling himself out again, and so by. the time the spocoh was finished his vnlvcs were opou once more, and he was forcing himself to nooept without resentment the common fiord's frank fasliiou of dropping sociably into other people's conversations unembarrassed and uninvited. Tho process was not very difficult this time, for the mnn's smile and voico and - manner were persaaBivo and winning. Trnoy would even have liked him on the spot, but for tho faot — factwhich he was not really awnreof — that the equality of men was not a reality to him, it was only a theory ; the mind perceived, bat the. man failed to feel it. It was Hattie's gliost over again, merely turned round. Theoretically Barrow was his oqual, but it .was distinctly distasteful to Bee him exhibit it. He presently said : .' "I hope in all sincerity, that wliat you have said is true, as regards the Americans, - for doubts have- crept into my mind several times. It seemed that the equality must bo" ungenuino where tho sign names of. -castes were still in vogue ; but those sign nnipos lrovo cortainly lost their offence and are wholly neutralised, nullified and harmless if they aro -the undisputed property of every individual in the nation. I think I realise that easte does not exist and cannot exist exocpt by eommon eonscnt of tho masses outsido its limits. I thought caste oreated itself and perpetuated itself ; but it seems quite true that it only creates itself and is perpetuated by the people whom it despises, and who can dissolve it at any tlmo by assuming its more sign names themselves. " "It's what I think. Thoro isn't any power on earth that can prevent England's thirty millions from electing themselves dukes and duehosBOS to-morrow, - and calling them selves so. And within bIx months all tho fermar dukes and dueliosses would have retired from the business. I wisli they'd try., that. Royalty itself oouldn't sur vive suoh a process. A handful of frownors against thirty million laughers in a state of eruption. Why, it's Hcroulanoum against. Vesuvius ; it would lako another 18 centuries to find that Horculaneum after the critaclysm. What' a eolonol in our south ? Ho's a nobody; because they are all colonels down there. No Traay (shudder from Tracy), nobody in England would oall yon a gentleman, and yoii wouldn't call yourself ono, and I tell you it's a state of things that makes a man put himself iuto most unbecoming attitudes sometimes— tho broad and genornl recognition and ncoeptancc of oasto as casto docs, I mean. Makes liiindoitunoonsoiously — being bred in him, you soo, and never thought ovor and reasoned out You couldn't couoeive of the Matterhorn being flattered by 'tho notice of ono of your comely little English hills, could you ?" "Why, no;" -. " Well, then, let a man in his right mind try to coneoiro of Darwin feeling flattered by tbo notioe of a princess. It's so grotesque that It — well, it paralysos the imagination. Yot that Momnon it as flattered by tbo notioe of that statuette ; lie sous so— says so himself. Tho system that can make a god disown bis godsiiip and profauo it — oh, well, it's all wrong, it's all wrong and ought to be abolished, I should say." The mention of Darwin brought on a literary discussion, aud this topia roused suoh enthu- sinsm in Barrow that ho took off his ooat and made himself ' the more freo and eorafortablo for it, and'detaincd him so long that he was still at it whon tho noisy proprietors of the room . caino shouting and skylarking in, and bogan to romp, 8cufilo, wash and otherwise entertain themselves. He lingered yet a little longer to offer the hospitalities of his roam and his book shelf to Tracy, and ask him a personal ques tion or two, : " What is your trade ?" " They — well, they oall me a cowboy, but that is a fancy ; I'm not that. I Iiavaa't " any trade." . ' . . " What do you work at for your living ?" . " Oh, anything — I mean I would work at anything I oould get to do, but thUB far I hovon't been ablo to find an occupation.'' " Maybe I can hoip you ; I'd liko to try."- " I shall be very glad. I've tried myself to woarinoss." "Well, of aourso, where a man haan't a regu lar trade he's pretty bad off in this world. What you nood, I - reckon, was less book learning and -more bread and butter learning. I don't know- what your father could have been thinking of. You ought to bavo had a trade, you ought to liavo had a trado by all means. But novcr mind about that; we'll stir- up something to do, I guess. And don't you get homo siok ; that's a bad business. We'll talk tho thing over and look round a little. You'll como out all right. Wait for me — I'll go down to supper with you." By this timo Trnoy had aohieved a very friendly feoling for Barrow, and would have called him a friend, mnybo, -if not taken too sudderily on a straight out requirement to -realise -on -his theories. Ho was glad .of his sooioty, nny way, and wasfecling lighter hoartod than' before; Also,' ho was' pretty eurious to know' what vooation it might be which had furnished Barrow suoh a largo acquaintance ship with books, and allowed him so much time to l-oad; ' . . Chapter XII. ' Ptpsontly the supper bell began to ring in tho -depths of tile liouso, nnd tho sound proccedod steadily upward, growing in intensity nil tho way up. towards the nppor floors. Tlio higher1 it .eame .tho . more . maddening' was tho noise, until at last what it lacked of boing absolutely deafening was made up of tho sudden crash nnd (elatter "of - an ai'nlanoho of hoarders down ' tho uucnrpeled stairway. Tho peerage did not go to meala in this fashion ; Trncy's training had not fitted him, to enjoy'this hilarious. zoologioai olamor and enthusiasm. He had to confess that there was something about this extraordi nary outpouring of animal spirits whioh lib -would, have to got inured to before ho.could accept It. No doubt in time ho would prefer it; but.be wished tho prooess might bo modified and made justn little more gradual andnot quite so pronounced and violent. Barrow and Trnoy followed tho nvnlanolie down through nn over increasing n'ud evor more and more n'ggrossive s touch of bygone cabbage and kindred - smells- smells which nro to he found nowhere but in a olienp private boarding liouso— smells whioh once encountered can nover be forgotten — smells whi'cli encountered generations later nro in stantly recognisable, butnovor rcaognisable with pleasure. To l'raoy these odors were Btiffuoat- ing, horrible, almost unendurable ; bnt he held his penoo and said nothing. Arrived in the base ment, they entered a largo dlningroom, where thirty-five or forty peoplo sat at a long table. Tlicy took their places. The feast had nlready begun, and the conversation was going on in the livoliost way from one end of the table to tho other. Tho tablecloth was of very coarse mnterial, and was liberally spatted with coffoc stains and grease. The knives and forks wore iron, with bono handles; the spoons appeared to be iron or sheet iron, or something of tlio sort. The tea nnd coffee cups wore of the commonest and lionviost and most durnblo stono ware. All the furniture of tho tabic was of tlio commonest and ahcapeBt sort. Thore was a single large thiok slice of bread by enoh hoarder's plate, and it was observable that he econo mised it, as if ho were not expeating it to be duplicated. Dishes of butter were distributed along the table within rcncli of people's arms, if they had long .ones, but there were .no private butter plates. . The butter was perhaps good 'enough, and was quiot and well behaved ; but It bad- more, bouquet than was neoossary, though nobody ,cdmniented upon , that faot, or seemed' in any way distuihed by it. ' The main feature ,'of ' the feast was a piping' hot Irish stow, rondo of tlio potatoes nnd moat loft over from a, procession of previous moais. Everybody .was . liberally supplied with this dish. On tlio table were a couple of groat dislias of sliced ham, and there were some other eatabias of minor importance, preserves, , nnd New Orleans molasses, and such things. There was also plenty of ton and coffoo of an infernal sort, with brown sugar and condensed milk, but 'tho milk and sugar supply was not . left at tho discretion of the boarders, but was.ratioued out at. head quarters — 0110 spoonful of sugar and one of condensed milk to each eup, and no mare. The table 'was waited upon by two stalwart, liogro women, who raced baok and forth from tho bases of supplies with splendid dash aud elattcr and onergy. Their labors were supplo. montcd, after a fashion, by the young girl, I'uss. She oarried coffee and ten baak and forth among the boarders, hut she made pleasure excursions rather thnn business ones in this wny, to speak strictly. Slio mndo jokes with various peoplo. She chaffed tlio young men pleasantly— aud wit- tiliy, ns sho supposed, and as the rest also sup posed apparently, judging hy tho applause and laughtor which sho got by Iter efforts. Mani festly she was a favorito with most of the young fellows and sweetheart of tiie rest of them. Where sho conforved notioe sho conferred hap piness, as was seen by the face of the recipient ; and at the same timo she conferred unbappi- ncss — one oould sec it fall and dim the faces of - the othor young fellows like a shadow, Sho never " mistered " theso friends of hers, out called them "Billy," ."Tom," "John," and tfioy called her " Puss " or "Hattie." Mr. Marsh sat at tho head of tho table, his wife sat at the foot. Marsh was a man of 60, and was an American ; but if he bad been born a month earlier ho would havo been a Spaniard. He was plenty good enough Spaniard as it was ; ids face was very dark, his hair very black, and his. oyes wcre\ not only exceedingly blaok, but wera very intense, and there was somotbing about them that indicated that they could burn witli passion upon ocoasion. Ho was stoop- shoulderod and lean- faoed, and tho general aspect of him was disagreeable ; he was evidently not a very .companionable person. If looks went for anything ho was the vory opposite of his wife, who was all mothnrliness and charity, goodwill and good nature. All tho young men and the women called her Aunt Rachel, which was another Bign. Tracy's wandering aud interested oye presently fall upon ono hoarder who had been overlooked in the distribution of the stow. Ho was very pale, and looked as if he had but lately »>« ani a' a siok ' bod, and also as if he ought to get book into it again as soon as possible. His face was vory molanoholy. Tho waves of laughtor and eonversation broke upon it without affeoting it any mare than if it hod boon a rook in the sea and the words and the laughter veritable waters. Ho held his head, down and looked 'ashamed. Some of tho women cast glances of pity toward him from'time to timo in a furtivo and half- afraid way, and somo of tho youngest of tho men plainly had compassion on the young follow — a compassion exhibited in their faces, but not in any mora active or compromising way. But tho groat majority of tho peoplo present showed en tire indiifercnaa to tho yonth and his sorrows-. Marsh sat with his head down, but one oould catch the malicious gleam of hisoyos through his shaggy brows. Ho was watching that young follow with evident relish. Ho had not n'o- glectcd him through carelessness, and appa- renaly tho tabla understood .that fact. - The spectacle was making Mrs. Marsh vory. uneom- for table.. She had the look of ono who hopes' against iiopo that the impossiblo may happon. But as the impossible did not happen, she finally ventured to speak up, and remind her husband, that Nat Brady hadn't been helped to the Irish stew. Marsh lifted his head and gasped out with mock courtliness, "Oh, ho hasn't, hasn't he? 'What a pity that is. I don't know how. I oairie to overlook him. Ah I ho must pardon me. You must, indeed, Mr. — or — IJaxtor— Barkor, you must pardon me. I — cr — my attention was directed to some otlior matter. I don't know what. Tho thing that grieves me mainly, is, that it happens every meal now. But you must try to overlook those littlo tilings, Mr. Bunker, those littlo ncgleots on my part. Thoy'ro always likely to happon with mo in,, any case, and they are especially ' likely to happen where a person has — er— well, where a person is, say, about thrca weoks in' arrears for his board. You get my meaning? You get my idea ? Here is your Irish stow, and and — or— it gives mo tlio grcatost pleasure to send it to you, and I hopo that you will enjoy the charity as much as I enjoy conferring it.?' " A blush rose in Brady's white cheeks and flowed slowly backward to his oars and upward towards his forehead, but ha said nothing, and began to oat liis food undor the ombarrassincnt of a gon'oral silonac arid tho sonBo that all eyes' were fastened upon him. Bairow whispered to Trnoy : - . " This old man's been waiting for that. Ho wouldn't have missed that . ahanco , for , nny-l .thing." i " It's a brutal, business," said Traoy. Then' ho said to himself, purposing to sot tho thought down-in Ills diary inter : '.'Well, here in this vory houso is a ropublio whore all aro freo nnd equal, if men aro free and equal anywhere in tlio earth, therefore I havo arrived at the piaoc I started to find, and I am a man among men, and on tho strictest equality possible -to men, no doubt. Yet hero on the threshold I find an inequality. Thoro aro pooplc at this tabio who aro looked up to for some reason or another, aud here is a poor dovll of a boy who is looked down upon, treated with indiffaronoe, and shamed with humiliations, whon ho has committed no orime but that com mon one of being poor. Equality ought to make 'men noble minded. In faot I had supposed it did do that." After supper Barrow proposed a walk, and tliey started. ; Barrow had a purpoBo. Ho wanted Traoy to get rid of that cowboy hat. " He didn't see bis way to , finding meohanioal or inanriai employ ment for a porson rigged in that fashion. Bar: row presontly said : " As I understand It you're not a o'owboy." - "No, I'm not." "Well, now, if you will not think me too ourious, how did you como to mount that hat ? "Whore did you get it ?" Traoy.dldn't know quite how to reply to this, but presently said, . , "Well, without going into particulars, J ex-, changed albthos with a strangor under stress of wontlier, and I would liko to find him and re- exchange;" ' ' ' "Well, why don't you" find him? Where is lie?" .. . ' ' "I don't know. I suppose tho best way to. find him would be to continue to wear bis clothes, which nro eons'piouous enough to attract liis attention if I should meet him on the streot." " / ' 1 "Oh, very well," said Barrow. "Tlio rest of the outfit is woil onougii, and, while it's not too conspicuous, it isn't quito like tlio clothes that anybody 0U0 wears. Suppress tho hut. When you meet your man he'll recognise the rest of his suit. That's a mighty ombar- russing hat, you know, in a centre of civilisa- tion like this. I don't believo an angel could get employment In Washington in a halo like thut." ..Tracy avroed to replace the hat with some thing of a modestor form, and they stopped aboard a orowded car and stood witli others on the rear platform. Presently, as the oar moved swiftly nlong tho rails, two men crossing tho'street onught sight of tho backs of Barrow and Tracy, and both exclaimed nt onoe, " There he is 1" It was Sellers and Hawkins. Both were so paralysed with joy that before tbey could pull themselves together, arid make an effort to stop the car, it was gous too far, and they decided to wait for the next one. They waited nwhilo, then it occurred to Washington that thero oould be no use in chasing ono horse car with another, and he wanted to hunt a haok. But the colonel said : " When you come to think of it, there's no occasion for that at all. Now that I've got him materialised I oan command his notions. I'll have him at the house by the time we get thero." Tlibri they hurried off home in a state of groat and joyful exoitemont. The hat exohange accomplished, the two new friends started to walk haok leisurely to the boarding house. Barrow's . mind was- full of curiosity about this young fellow, Ho said— You've never been to the Rooky Moun tains "No." "You've never been out on tho plainB?" " No." . " How long have you beeri in this country ?" ' ' " Only n fow days." ' " " You've never, been in America before?" ' 1 "No." Then Barrow communed witli himself : "Now what odd shapes tho notious of. ro-; mantio people tako. Hero's a young, follow 'who's read in England about cowboys .and ; adventures 011 tho plains. Ho oomes hero and buys aoowboy'ssuit. Thinks. ho oan play himself on folks for -a cowboy, all inex- ,-perlerioed as he is. Now tho minute he's caught in this poor little game he's ashamed' of it', and ready to retire from it. It is that exchange that he has put up as an explanation. It's rather thin; too thin altogether. Well, he's young, never boon any where ; knows nothing nbont the world ; sontimont&l;, no doubt. Perhaps .it was tbo natural thing for him to do, "but it was a most Biugular cholco, ourious freak alto gether." Both mon were buoy with their thoughts far a time ; thou Traoy heaved a sigh, and said — " Mr. Barrow, the ease of that young fellow troubles me." " You mean Nat Brady ?" " Yos, Brady or Baxter, or whatever it was. The old landlord ealled him several different names." " Oh, yes ; he has been vory liberal with names far Brady, sinae Brudy fell iuto ar rears for his board. Well, that's one of his sarcasms ; the old man thinks he's great on Bar- casm." " Well, what is Brady's diffloulty? What is Brady— who is he ?" " Brady ia a tinner. He's a young journey-; mau tinner who was getting along all right till he fell siok and lost his job. Everybody in tho houso liked Brady. The old man was rather especially faad of him, but yau know that' when a man loses his jab, and loses : his ability to support himself and pay his wny as he- goes, it makes a great difference in the way people look at him, arid feel about him."- " Is that so ? Is it so ?" Barrow looked at Traoy in a puzzled way. " Why, of course, it't so. Wouldn't you know that, naturally. Don't you know that tho wounded deer is always attacked aud killed by its companions and friends ?" Traoy said to himself, whiio a chilly and bod ing discomfort spread itself through his system. " In a ropublio of deer and men, where all are equal, misfortune ia a orime, and the prosperous gore the unfortunate to death." Then ho said aloud, " Here in the boarding house, if ono would havo friends and be popular instead of ' having tho oold shoulder turned upon him, ho must he prosperous." " Yes," Barrow said, "that Is so. It's their human nature. Thoy do turn against Brady now that he is unfortunate, and they don't liko ' him as well as they did before ; but it isn't be- causo of any look in Brady — hs's just as be was before, has tlio same nature nnd tho eamo im-> pulses, but thoy — well, Brady Is a thorn in their oonsoienoes, you seo. Tliey know the ought to help him, nnd they're too stingy to do it, and they're ashamed of thomsolvos for that, and they ought also to bate themselves on that account, hut instead of that they hato Brady beonuse lie makes them nshamcd of themselves. I say that's, human nnture ; that occurs every where ; this boarding liouso is morcly tho world little, it's tlio case ail over— they're all alike. ; In prosperity we aro popular ; popularity comes easy in that case, but when tho othor thing comes our friends aro pretty likely to turn -against us." . Tracy's noblo theories and high purposos were beginning to feol pretty .damp and clammy. Hi) wondered if by any possibility ho hid made a mistake in throwing his own prosperity to the winds and taking up tbo cross of other people's unprospority. But ho wouldn't listen to that .sort of thing ; ha cast it out of his mind and re solved to. go nliead resolutely along the course he. -had mapped out for himself. Extrncts from liis diary : 1 ' "Have now'spent several days in this singular hive. I don't know quite what to make out. of tli'eso people. Tliey have morits and virtues, but they -havo some other qualities, and some ways that are hard to get along with. I can't enjoy them. Tlio moment -I nppenred in n hat of the period, I noticed a change.- Tho-respoot. which had been paid me boforn passed sudderily away, and the people becama friendly — more than that — tliey bpenmo fnmiliar, nnd I'm not used to familiarity, and can't take to it rightoff. I found that out. These people's familiarity amouats .to impudenco sometimes. I suppose it's all right ; no doubt I oan got used to it, but it's not a satisfactory process at all. I liavo accomplished my dearest - wish. Iam a man nmoag men, on nn equal footing with Tom, Diok and Harry, nnd yet it isn't just cxnetly What I thought it was. going to be. I — I miss home. Am obliged to say I am homc'siok. Another tiling— and' this is a con fession — a reluctant ono, but I will mako it ; tho thing I miss most, and moat severely, is the respoot, tho deforonco, with -whioh I wns treated all my lifo in England, and whieii seems to be Bomohow nccossary to met I'got 'nlong vory well without tho luxury and tho wealth, and tho sort .of sooioty I'vo boon accustomed to, but I do miss tlio respoot, and can't seem to get. raeonoiled to the absenco of it. Thero hi respect, thero Ih deference hero, but it doesn't fall to my share. It is lnvislied-on two men. Ouo of them is a portly man of middle ego, who is a retired plumber. Everybody is pleased to have that man's hotibo. He's full of pomp and oiroumstanoo nnd self coinplnoenoy and bad grammar, and at table lie is Sir Oracle, and. when lie opens his rnouth not any dog .in tbo kennel barks. The other person !b tho policeman at the Capitol building. Ho represents the Govern ment. The deferenco paid to' tliesn two men is not; -so very far short of that which is paid to an earl in England, though tlio me thod of it differs. Not so muoh courtli ness, but the dcforenca is all thoro. Yes, nnd there is obsequiousness, too. It does rather look' as if in a republic, where all are free, arid oqrinl, prosperity rind position constitute rank." — .... 1 (To be continued, J 