HAY ROWING CLUB. The Races for the Maclure Trophy. Tho contest for the Maclure trophy be tween trial fours of the Hay Rowing Club took place ou Wednesday afternoon, and as nn event from which keen competition and thorough enjoyment -was extracted, it will [.remain long in the minds of lovers of Siqu.itios. The result of the contest has gone [i considerable way towurds popularising rowing in our midst, and, now that tho 'enthusiasm is high, it is to bo hoped it will 'not abate. Several members, who have the interests of the club at heart, have worked ptiritigly to bring the club to its present {prosperous position, and Wednesday's re stilts must bo gratifying to them. The iittcndance was good, most of tho spectators, amongst whom were many ladies, viewing the proceedings from tho bridge, which was the nearest point of vantage. The weather was fine and fresh, but just a trifle cold. Dr. Watt, as captain of the club, officiated as starter, anil performed his duties ex cellently. The Rev. J. B. Armstrong and Mr J. F. Clancy actcd as referee and judge respectively. 'the first race was between Mccson (stroke), F. Gibbs (No. 3), T. Bricn (No. 2), flmlM. Armitage (bow), and Aoocks (stroke), \Y. Wrierly (No. 3), C. Paton (No. 2), and A. J. Ureyley (bow). At the word ' Go' Acocks' crew struck the water first, and 'juickly established a lead which they maintained to tho finish, winning with something in hand by about a length and a half. Acocks rowed a much foster stroke than his opponents, who early in the race showed signs of want of training and prac tice together. On the other hand, Acocks' :rcw dipped us one man, and fairly lifted Ktheir boat along. The noxt race was between J. Scott (stroke), C. Dillon (No. 3), 13. Duckett iNo. 2), aud R. Armstrong (bow), and E. \elly (stroke), T. Moselcy (No. 3), A. Turner iNo. 2), and J. Arscott(bow). Pub ic opinion was fairly divided as to the nerits of each crew, and a good race was ?xpected. On the word ' Go' being given Scott's crew jumped away with a lead of ibout a quarter of a length, which they in creased to a length before 150 yards had feen traversed. Kelly's crew were rowing .much slower stroke, and their boat was oiling considerably through bow side being omewhat anxious and dipping too soon. !;lkfore reaching the bridge they settled town, and quickly overhauled their oppon nts, who were already showing signs of listrcss. A hundred yards below the bridge Colly's crew had a lead of half-a-lengtn, vhich they increased to a length and a half leforc passing the winning post. The thirdjrace was tho surprise of tho day. n this Acocks met Haines, who was forlun te enough to have tho byo in the first ouncl. The latter's crew consisted of G. faines ^stroke), A. Reid (No. 3), A. Mony -eny (No. 2), and W. Mackenzie (bow). ?Vhen the crews were first selected, Haines* ?how was considered good, and after they ind been out a few tiir.es it was thought here was ' nothing in it'1 but the hitherto nvinciblc George, oackcd up ns ))? was by wo previous winners ou local waters in his \To. 2 and bow. His No. 3 (A. Reid) picked ip the rudiments of rowing very quickly, ml altogether it was thought that the ightweights had not the ghost of a show, nd no one was more surprised than the ncmbcrs of Acocks' crew themselves. The itter considered that if they boat Meeson hey would have done very well, and would ic quite conent to lead Haines' to the bridge, fter which they expected, as did most owing men, that iu would be a procession vith Haines as marshal. To a splendid tart both crews dashcdoofT at a great rate, tencks gaining a slight load in the first two mudred yards. Before reaching the bridge t was seen that something had gone wrong n Haines' boat, as stroke apparently ceased owing for several strokes consequent, as was forwards learned, on his oar slipping hrough the rowlocks, He quickly read 'sted it, and started after the other crew, vho had increased their lead to a clear eiigth, at a tremendous paco. As they shot lie bridge, it was seen that Haines had Increased his opponents' lead considerably, nd shortly afterwards they wero on level erms. A ding-dong race then ensued to within 50 yurds of the winning post, when docks' crow managed to put on a dying purl, and passed the judge a bare quarter 'f a length uhead of the other bout. It was mdoubtedly the best race yet rowed in cor. action with the local rowing club and tho inning crew wero loudly cheered on their l'ny back to tho shed, not the least con picuons of the demonstrations of pleasure manifested at their win being the waving ^handkerchiefs by quite a bevy of the fair ok who had congregated on the south side 'f tho river, aud which drew from an on ?-oker,' jealous probably, a paraphrased notation of tho well known song ' For j 'bey All Love Jack' — (Willie ho suid). *. -'bis finished the rowing on Wednesday, as j ; t was agreed beforehand that in tho event . iuiy crow having won two races on that ' lay tiie final should be rowed on Thursday. Yesterday, «ib 5.15 p.m. Kelly and Acocks ; :-ced the starter for the final struggle. Acocks got away with a slight lead, and i 'cfore going very far it was evident the other : few were in trouble of some sort or other, ? ® thoy become completely disorganised ! 'uough stroke's oar slipping through the f '(iwlock no less than threo times, lly this, ; v'l-at otherwise would most likely havo 'loved a good race, was completely spoilt, ? Acocks got a long load, and, despite the ? Operate efforts of Kelly and his men, they !, °uld get no closer than two lengths to their ? 'ppuncnts, who thus won tho M&clure; : t'ophy. ? The winners aro well worthy of their success, as every man trained hard. Thoy received a hearty cheer as they paddled back to tho shed, though few would havo grudged the popular Kelly and his crew a victory, as they pullud nn uphill race with great gamencss. Master Camper was coxswain for tho winning crew. 