NEWSAND NOTES. We are compehrl to hold over our Moles worth and Kit Parrot correspondents' notes, a poetical (ersion of " A Flowerdale Ghost Story," aci other matter. O.x Friday, tli Sth of April, Mr. MI. K M'Kenzie will diver his second address to the electors of thiportion of the constituency at the Shire Halat 8 p.m.; and on Sator day, the 9th Apri; at the Doogalook Hotel, at 3 p.m. Mn. SuIrr, mnager of the Killingworth Station, showed es on Tuesday some fine samples of sorghm s.ccharinum, grown by Mr. John Dohery, Spring Valley, who has seven acres ndei crop, the stalks being Oft. to 12ft. high. Tit would be the stuff for an ensilage pit ;i stack. We hope Mr. Doherty will let :ý know the results after he has fed his eattleen it. GEs?E.?at symlsthy is felt with Mr. M. Devlin, of Yea liver, at the untimely loss of his son Willam, who died at Mr. J. Quinlan's residen'e early on Friday morning. The funeral took place on Saturdlay, and the mole-je was one of the largest seen in Ye,~ being nearly a quarter of a mileo in length. Tihe burial service of the Roman Catholic Church was read at the grave by the Re'. Father. Brady. The deceased was only 27 years of age. Tim rabbit factory at Longwood is getting busier every day, as trappers are getting to work. They are putting away about 1,000 pairs a day, but they expect to double that number when the muen get more used to trapping, as there is a lot of them new to the trade. The dry weatheris against them too; they will trap better alfter the rain and the grass legins to grow. Mr. Storey, the proprietor. appears to be a thoroughly practical non. I: is estimated that the actory wil! cause an expenditure in the district of £500 or £600 a nonth. THE body of toe young fellow who was found drowncd is the Goriburn River by the Misscs M'Crisal six ar seven weeks ago has been identifed as the son of Mr. Rapkan, of 150 Saith.sreet, Collingwood. His brother camre to YeT last week, with a licence from the Chief Secretary to have the body exhumed. This having been done, the brother identifiedit, and sent it on by the night train, to le interred in the family rave in the Jevish portico of the Mel bourne General C:metery. Tire series of clever cartoons, entitled " King Working.-an," which have appeared from time to timlein Melbourre Punch, are now published in a complete form by Messrs. A. MtKicley and Cc. The frontis piece was reprinted in the " Review of Reviews " by Mr. Stead, ?in praised its artistic merit, though he is c :tainly one of last men in the world to accept the letter press conclusions of our witt7 contemporary. " King Working-man" has done more to belittle the Trades Hall Triulrcirate (Messrs. Trenwith. Hancock, and MA~l hy) than all tihe ponderous artillery of the Argrue. Even those who are on the same lire of politics as tihe Triumvirate will firnd relsration in the pages of "King Working-nun," who ap pears ready to smoke a pipe with all and sundry at the low charge of Gdl To- crdr iTthe ever-green Fred? Maccabe, whose world-wide reputation as an actor needs no praise, will perform fee the last time in the Yea Shire Hall. Most of our readers have seen this well-known actor, either on his l.at visit to Yea or in some parts of tie oldI wnor1 or the eolelres. Sims repertoire is the same ras has delighted thousands of hii admirers for years past, and this evening will once more see his "after-dinner speech," his "lady-killer." and his "wandenng minstrel" struggling to reach his top nrti. Mldlle. Mlinnia will also appear in the "Nagic Statue," atnd has some new and gracefllcharaeter dances to delight those who patrosise this final performance of two ensuch cleer artists. On the last occasion of Macabe's visit the Shire Hall was crowded, adl ino doubt Ire will meet with a similar redption to-night, for those who went to see hint on that occasion were delighted. IT is probable trpt the Cabinet will adopt the scheme propoad by the Chief Secretary, Mr. M'Lean, andthe Minister of Defence, Mr. Davis, for leying an increased tax on stock. These Mhisters are strongly in favor of the princile of regulating the tax according to the weight of the animals, instead of imposin' a fixed tax at per head, which would be th same on heavy and light animals, and thec have converted their colleagues to the opinion that the weight system is the moreequitable. The Govern ment is anxious that Parliament should increase the tax assoon as possible after the House meets, in oiler that the collection of the duty may be commenced at once for revenue purposes. A difficulty in the way of doing so lies, it as pointed out, in the fact that all the necesary weighing machines cannot be erected for at least six months after Parliament acreases the tax. It is suggested that, peeling their erection, the Government might eter into an arrangement for the appointn?nt of cattle experts empowered to deciri which is fat and which store stock, the dut: to be charged for tlhe time at so much peitead. Mn. Teoras li?CkCE--author, poet, journalist, and leiislator-will deliver a lecture on "Irish Vit, Humor, Pathos, and Poetry" at the Yea Shire Hall on Tuesday next, the 5th of April. Although Mr. Bracken is almost i native of this colony, having arrived in Victoria at an early age, he is better known in New Zealand, where he owned andably edited for many years a large weekly gaper, the SaturdayAdrertiser (now changed to Puiic Opinion); but it will be seen from, is poem, " Dear Old Bendigo," that he knows omethling of the early history of Victoria. Indeed, he was for a time ap prenticed as a :henmt to Dr. Boyd, of View Point, Sandhurt, Int out-door life had too many charms for one of his -robust constitution and lncl an ardent lover of nature, so hI went on to Messrs. Winter Bros.' sttion at Celbinabbin, and whilst there Is first poetical efforts were published Mr. J. Bradshaw, bookseller, of Pall all, Sandhnrst. With thousands of othe Mr. Bracken set sail from Victoria for ews Zealand, where he soon made a naa for himsself, and was eventually returne to Parliament by the citizens of Dunedins He is now revisiting Victoria in conne en with an edlition de luzi of his poems, e41 craionally delivers, by way of relaxati his lecture on "Irish Wit, Humor, Pat and Poetry." This he has delivered hund ds of times to crowded audiences in most the cities and towns of New Zealand. It y be mentioned that, although Mr. Bren ois an Irishman, he on several occasin awon substantial prizes offered by the Otagn Caledonian Society for odes on purely Ssc4tish subjects, and his most enthusiastic a?nirers are by no means confined to his os countrymen. Twelve or fifteen months . we published in the CHrnoScLE one of b most inspiriting poems in commemoration~f she deeds of Sturt, the great Austrian explorer. Large editions of his pens, "Flowers of Free Lands," and "La of the Land of the Maori and Mon," ave been printed and sold in the Old Cohory, important papers like the Timue, elaor, anud Slanrlay Rerie warmly et gising them for their bean their rhyth and unconventionality. We to see the hire Hall crowded on Tu night 