J3fteitts* of Jnteiest.! One of tne many uses to which paper is I now put; " ' that of making gas pipes. ] Manilla paper is cub in strips equalling in width the length of the pipe to be made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn over with sand and the whole cooled in water. The core is -then removed,.and the outside of , the qpipe coated witb a waterproof composition?- These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gasfight, and are said to bo much cheaper than iron pipes. Some German scientists have recently fur nished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the piue tree 500 to 700 years as the maximum, 425 years to the silver fir, 275 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 to the birch, 170 to the ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to the clo. The heart of the oak begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. The holly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence near Aschaffenburg, in Germany, a tree of this kind which has attained the age of 410 years. There is a cliurch in the town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution of quicklime, curdled milk, and white of egg. Careful scientific investigations show that the average speed of tbe transmission of: earthquake shocks is nearly 16,000 feet per second* The following warning to suicides is exhi bited in tbe province of Montenegro :-" All persons who take their lives ale to be declared dishonourable. Their corpses are to be strung to gallows, in view of the public, for twenty-four hours. Suicide is unworthy of a Montenegrin. God alone has power over a man's life, which dare be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of his country." The Chinese Have an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by a god or devil they regard as extremely unlucky, while to enter a temple and see the gods moving about is considered lucky. To dream of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressive description of a week's work at Leeds :-" Indescrib able times ; united consecration ; six souls. Victory !" Seals, when basking, place one of their number oil guard to give the alarm in case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of the flippers on a rock. Wild rabbits signal with their foremv*s, and have regular signals, and calls. An artesian well was some years ago sunk on tbe beach at San Buenaventura, Cali fornia, five feet from high-water mark. At a depth of about one hundred and forty three feet a strong flow of water was obtained, spouting thirty feet above the ground. Some, fish were observed in the waste water, and an examination of the well revealed the fact that it was filled with young trout. They were perfectly developed, eyes and all, and measured about two inches in length. Thousands of them were thrown out' by each jet. The temperature of the well, water is about sixty-four degrees Fahrenheit. It is believed that the fish may have come from the head-waters of tEfe Santa Glara River by some subterranean outlet; that stream itself is several miles distant from tfe well. Li "Turkey, twenty years ago, uien were hanged for trifles; tradesmen who sold short weight might be nailed by the ear to their own doorposts ; and petty thieves, as well as men who were impertinent to officials or who refused to pay their taxes twice over, were bastinadoed on tbe soles of the feet. This, last punishment, by the way, was light or. cruel, according as the patient was accus tomed to go barefoot or to spend his life in barouches. The water-carriers, porters, street fruit- sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were like a horn, car£d little for. twenty-five cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, clerks, and women the stripes' were excruciatingly painful, and brought week? of lameness. The present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital punishment, except for brigand age and for attempts at assassinating high officials. While Iudiau tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,0001b. in 1S91, the consump tion of Ceylon tea has increased by no less than 10,700,0001b., or 4S per cent. In England and Wales 8,979 miles of rail way out of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage is worked on that system. In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals and 253 cubs. The amount paid for their destruction was £1,313, at the rate of £4 for a full-frown animal and £1 12s. for a 'cnb. A parasol, intended as a present for the Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3£ yards long, and is gilded, and richly orna mented. The outside of the parasol is of bright green silk, with a heavy gold fringe round it, while tbe inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious snake (Hydraci yeti) in South Africa that lives wholly upon birds' eggs. It has no teeth or signs of teeth in the mouth, the whole dental array being located in the stomach. . Woman asserts that one of the many. "lady i litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late coffee-house, where she i devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days to serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg, the composer, was celebrated recently at liis home near Bergen,. Norway. After dinner Grieg played his famous "Wedding Procession," j and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her hilsbarid's songs. .... ' In Russia blacK is never used^far covering coffins', the cloth being a pink jshade when the deceased is a child or^youugVpesson, a crimson colour for wouieiii«. an$l brown for widows. r > ..'S The American President, whose salary has been the subject of many comparisons, receives it in monthly instalments. ? ? On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer of tbe United States sends to the White House a cheque for 4,-166 dollars. M. Jules Lel^ndy, the great Paris sugar refiner, has left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever made in France. His ivealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs £14,400,000). How much of that enormous sum was extracted from the French tax payer iu the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, neat Genoa. Signor Kota took a prominent part in the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria; which was organised in 1857 by Baron Wcotera and Count Pisaccane in the inpe of overthrowing the Bourbon (iovein ?nent established ab Naples. Baron Nicotera, ;he Minister Of the Interior in the last Government, was present at the patriot's ibedside. I Some ingenious contrivances ave used by, thieves. ' The latest looks like an ordinary t -walking-stick, but is so arranged that, by prsssing a spring; at the handle, the ferrule | wm spread apart and form a sort of spriug | clip that wiiLtake hold of anything that is I within reach. The thing is called ' the. 1 Continental lifting stick,35 and is used to take goods from behind counters when the shop-, man's back is turned. As most people are aware, the barometer ? exhibits daily variations. In the tropics these are so regular that the hour of the day,, may be ascertained from the height of the; mercury without an error of more than J ?fifteen pr seventeen minutes on the average. J In Great Britain there are-two maxima, j occurring from 9 to 11 a.m. and from 9 to j ;11 p tn.,4;he two minima being timed from 3 to 5 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.m. But, after examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan -finds that, in the extreme north and south there are only one maximum and one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the ' interior of the Polar continents there are I also a single maximum and minimum, | though these occur at different times of the ' day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition of the two sets of valuations gives a variation like that ordinarily j observed. j A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has discovered the " long-lost art of hardening j copper." I A GLACIER THAT MOVES 47FEET A YEAK. - | A glacier has been found in Southern I California, of which there has been a tradi i fcion for. many years. The Los Angeles Herald sent an expedition to investigate, I and the tradition was verified, for upon the npper levels of Graybacb Mountain, the: greatest of the San Bernardino range, a glacier one mile long and on the average -00 i feet in depth was found. The icy mass, j according to computations made, move6 downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum possesses a cup of almost fabulous value. It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, and cost £8,000. The cup derives most of its interest and value from the fact that it was given to Charles VL of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean, Duke of BerrL The cup passed afterwards into the possession of the Kings of England, from Henry VL to James If., who gave it, in 1605, to Don Juan Selaseo, Constable of Castile. All hopes of recovering Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, which, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being given up. The yacht is sinking deeper every day in the shifting sands upon which she lies. The, new dining-room which the Queen has liad built at Osborue cost £20,000. This sum does not come from the nation but out of Her Majesty:s privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of bis elder brothers. Princes Adolphus and Francis, and qualifying to enter the British Army. The princes are three of the cheeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, being fine, manly, and true types of Englishmen. One of the most envious stones in the world is found in Finland, where it occurs in many places. It is a natural barometer,tmd actually foretells probable ohauges in the weather. It is called semakuir, and turns black shortly before an approaching rain, wliilti in fine weather it is mottled witu spots of white. It is said that gas-light was iirst exhibited as a curiosity at the Boylston Museum, Bos ton, in 1815. In 1915 there were 180 lamps in the town, and in 1880 it had 10,1.$9 gas and 2,276 oil lamps. Electric lighting is now taking the place of gas in many locali ties in the city. Boston is now lighted by 1,447 electric lights, 8,907 gas, and 2,878 of other descriptions. Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off, and, not being | able to raise the £500 (Turkish) demanded 1 as their ransom, the family have been j massacred. ! There is in St. Mark's a celebrated tazza i I of black glass, enamelled in various colours [ and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be more than eight hundred years bid ; and it is assumed that this very piece of glass was taken by the Limoges makers as their model for decoration. From a strict inquiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure painteis are hardly ever able to attempt landscape pain ting," sad that, with one or two excep tions, the great landscape painters have always beeii able to paint figures extremely I well.-Speaker. Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all oceans and other waters is taken" up with the atmosphere in the shape of vapour, to fall as rain and again flow back into the sea. The Empress of Austria, is the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly to exhibit them in her hair on all State occasions. Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls, which are con sidered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de Rothschild's collar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000. The most beautiful pearl is generally supposed to be the one which the French traveller, M. Tovernier, three centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of the rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,OOOfr. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats; it is quite transparent, and is valued at 1,000,OOOfr. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession of the Princess Inssupoff, and which is famous for its* unique colour. In the year 1620 _ this pearl was sold by Georgibus from. Calais to Philip IV. of Spain for 80,000 ducats ; its value is now considered 1,125,OOOfr. Pope Lao XIIL has a pearl which is valued at 500,OOOfr. ; and the Empress Frederick s , collier of thirty-two pearls is valued at 8/5.OOOfr. THE VALUE OF TEA.-The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Burker, has given the members the result of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial value of black tea is directly proportioned to the j amount of theine it contains ; but in the case of green tea, he says the commercial 1 value must be estimated by the quantity of j of tannin. One would have thought that, from the.point of view of the connoisseur of -tea, those samples which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred. English Mechanic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20,000 acres to his shooting preserves, has now 125 j square miles of land reserved^for sport. , There is this difference, at least, between a politician and a statesman. " A states man" is the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the head. of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with " Mr. Speaker." " A politician:l is hisr defeated opponent. A man who hires another at 20s. a week to de work which brings in only *21s. a week is a philanthropist. But if he hires 2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week and becomes " a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. jr ? An engine-driver s;iy.« U>:>t men in bis business can always jf?' f the condition of . their engines by t2-.t ...«« it gives out while running.' Every engine,' whether [stationary or locomotive, has a particular tone of its own. The engineer becomes accustomed to that, and any departure from it at once excites a suspicion that all is not right.' The engineer may not know what is the matter, he may have no ear for rsusic, but the change in tone of his machine will be instantly perceptible, and will start him on an immediate investigation. Much of the fancifully-cut paper used by confectioners in this country' is made at a a prison near Berlin. The largest artificial stone in the world forms the base of the Bartholdi Statue of Liberty on. Bedloe's Island, New York Harbour. - fTliis immense stone was made 'from broken-; trap rock, sand, and American .cement. Five hundred car-loads of sand and over 2(§000 barrels of cemeut were use<J in manufacturing the monster. Amongst the members of the present House of Commons are 55 merchants, 57 manufacturers, 18 brewers and distillers, 10 medical men, and 53-Army and Naval officers. Those who can be rightly termed land owners number about 80. A Cincinnati man is reported to have eaten over 530- lemons in two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con dition. Quite a craze-and a very interesting1 one -has come over the French gardeners. They have suddenly begun to bend all their energies to the creation of new flowers and the acclimatisation of such as have never before been cultivated in France. Among Ibe latter is a flower from Central America (as yet u named in France) which changes its colour three times a day. It is white in the morning, gets pink at noon, and turns a lovely blue when the sun is setting. 