AMUSEMENTS. Carmon completed its first wcok at tho Prin cess a Theatre last ovening, tho audicnca being throughout most appreciative. Tho principal oharnctor, if tho action of tho opera is to bo ren dered intelligible, requires to bo played with great piquancy, and in Alias Hattou's hands it loses nono of its appropriato seductive ness, while tho music allotted to tho part is also sung in a highly credit able mnnnor, if allowance ho mado for tho disadvantage under which a soprano labors who attompts to imporsonato the heroine in Bizot's masterpiece. Mis Graupner is a con- sciontlous nnd painstaking Miohncla, and Mr. Walsho as Don Josd no doubt docs his boat according to his lights. Mr. Ryley makes an admirable Toreador, nnd tho small part of Zuinga is done full justice to by Mr. Allan Morris. Misses Young and Varloy are ontmblo oxpononts of the parts written for Frns- quita aiul Moroedos, and Mossrs. Vernon and Lcumano nrouso considerable amusement ns tho two smugglers, though in tho second net there is a littlo too muoh of " Kemondndo 1 you understand " (pointing u pistol at him). " Oh perfectly, perfectly." O110 can lmvo moro than onough even of a good thing. Tho chorus of small boys oontlnucs to bo ono of tho features of the production ; but thon tho.urohins possess so adinirnblo a drill sergeant that the precision of their ovolutions is rondily explained. The chorus singing is really excellent, tho scenery .. nnd drosses iu every way suitable, and M» Oaron, who has in Homo respects rectified tiio errors of tempo alluded to iu n proviouo issue, must onco moro bo complimontod on having done ns much' as he has with tho foroes undor his control. Tho last weeks of tho sonson of tho Royal Comio Opera Company aro now announocd , at its conclusion the company will proceed to 13ris- banc and thcnco to Sydney, whilo Mr. J. O. "Williamson has mado arrangements to inaugu rate a scasou of Italian opera at tho Princess's. On tho termination of tho present run of Car mon, tho Italian ' company, whioh, under tho management of Mr. Hughes has just ooinplotcd a very succosHful season in Sydney, will open at tho popplar Spring-streot theatre in Donizetti's Lucia ui Lammcrrnoor, and other favorite operas aro also to bo produced from time to timo. ihesc will most likely oompriso Faust, Rigo- lotto, La Traviata, II Barbiorc and La Son- nnmbula, nud tho merits of the "com pany, which includes Signor and Signora Cuttica, Signorinn Matioli, Slgnorinn Oavulleri, Signorina Castiglioni, together with Signori Sisco, Melossi, Travnglini and Iorio, havo already been sufficiently recognised in Mclbourno to render farther encomium unnecessary. ' Tho Italian artists, who, as beforo, aro to bo undor tlio capablo direction of Signor MniTezzoli, will occupy tho theatre for tour nights in each woek, the othor two evenings being dovotod to perform- nncesof standard Engiishoperns. Thero will bono subscription, nor will any advance bo mado upon tho usual prices of admission, and as the operas aro to bo stagod and mounted upon thocomploto scale for which this theatre is so justly famed, lovers of this class of performance may look for ward to the new projeot as one likely to provido entertainment both for eyo and ear. Fuller particulars will bo announoed shortly. At tho Opera Houso preparations on an ex tensive scalo arc already being made for the ap proaching season of the now Loudon Gaiety Burlesque Company. Mr. E. J. Lonnen, a popular London comedian, will make his first appearance with tho company in Australia, whilst Miss Marian Hood, who will bo remem bered as a wclcomo member of the first com pany, will bo among the returning players. Tho season will commence about tho middlo of May. The Melbourno season of the talented actress, Mrs. Bcrnnrd-Beere, is rapidly drawing to a close, and the last week of Fedora isauuouueod. Next Saturday London Assurance will bo stnged. The humorous incidents of Tho Solicitor, and the bright and natural manner in which they oro portrayed by tho Brough-Boucicauit Comedy Company at tho Bijou Theatro, enter tain large audionces nightly. A viatinic benofit is to bo tendered to Mr. G. W. Anson, tho popular comedian, who is about to leave for England, on Saturday noxfc, It is not uGccBsary to mention tho many excel lent characters that Air. Anson has mado livo and. walk upon tho boards of tho Bijou Theatre to seoure an overflowing audience ; the very faot' that thore will be one inoro opportunity of see ing him and enjoying his deep fund of humor will fill tho house. A very large and influential committee has been appointed to carry out the entertainment, and a most voluminous pro gramme has been placed .before tho publio. All the leading musical and dramatic artists in Melbourne will assist to do honor to this dis tinguished member of their profession, and his Excellency the Govornor lias signified his inton- tion of boing present. The bill, will contain, among , other attractions, tho operetta The Rose of Auvergno, La Debutante (a comedietta), the third act ofi A Night Off, besides a reci tation by Airs.- Bernard Bcoro. At tho 1 close an'1 address v'will'' :bo -presonted' to Mr. Anson, who will make a. reply. This will bo positively Air. Anson's final appear ance,- as ho will leavo for England by tho Orotavo. The throo weeks' run of -Bridget O'Brien, Esq., camo to a close at tho Thoatru Royal last night, and to-night Air. Sheridan will bo soon in Alolbourno for tho first time ns Conn tho Sbnnghrnn, and will bo supported by an 011- tiroly new company, nil tho scenery and effects have been paintod.by Air. John Brunton, and an elaborate produotion is promised.- Ih addition to tho full dramatio company Bixty auxiliaries will also appear. IVilful Murder, with its many dramatio opisodes and sensational Bconcs, redolent of tho Windsor tragedy, will enter upon its sixth week at tho Alexandra Theatro to-night. Last night Hamlot was produced at tho Alexandra Theatre "111 commemoration of Shakspeare's birthday," nnd no doubt the shado of the bard would bo gratified by the excellent interpretation of the tragedy given by Air. Dnmpier and his company, as well as by the largo audicnco that attended to witness it. Air. Alfred Dampicr took tho name part, and demonstrated that ho has mado a thought ful and intelligent study of tho complex character of the Frince of Denmark. "Without trenching on tho province of tho commentators — who should be allowed to muread Sliaks- pcaro in their own learnedly incomprehensible manner— anil puzzling his head as to whether Hamlet wns mad or not, Air. Dampior gave avery creditable impersonation of the philosophical, metaphysical and deop reasoning Prince. In . tho earlier Bconea ho pro&crvcd; with considorablo art the tone of reflcctivo melancholy which is the proper tono for the outraged Princo to adopt, whilst tho magnificent soliloquios with whioh the part is studded wero given with a sympathetic appreciation of their beauty, with fire nnd force where noccssnry, and with an air of abstraction which, when wanting, often mars these splendid passages. Miss Rose Dampior played Ophelia with some ability, but tho exhausting demnnds of the part made at' times too largo a demand on her powers. Mr.; Robert Vernon, mado a competent Claudius, Air. Edwin Palmer took Polonius, and Air. Edmund Holloway was tho ghost. Tho rest of tho cast was competent, whilst now scenery and artistic stage furnishings added to tho attractiveness of tho perfor mance. Thero will bo a matinie performance of tho fantoches franraises at St. George's Hall this afternoon. Tins entertainment is so clever and amusing that tho hall is crowded nightly, and tho matinee performance will give ladios and children an opportunity of seeing tho entertain ment without inconvenience. Air. Alaccabc, who has been delighting his patrons during the week in Begone Dull Care, will take his farewell at tho Athenreum Hall this afternoon, whon all tho leading theatrical stars and managers in Alelbourne will appear. The realistic representation of the Windsor murder at the Waxworks and Museum, together with the numerous other figures and groups to be seen at this popular place of entertainment, and the wonder provoking performances of Professor Hoffman, have been drawing crowded attendances during the week. The list of vocalists at the Exhibition Promenade Concert this evening is a very long one, and in addition to the old popular favorites, Airs. Palmer, Miss Miranda, Aliss Crosslcy, Air. Armes Beaumont, Air. A. II. Geo and Signor Buzzi, includes tho names of Aliss Jcannie Ramsay and Mr. James Wood, of whom tho latter has only sung onco at these concerts, whilo the former has not yet appeared at tho Exhibition. Mr. W. J. Turner and Air. W. T. Barker will likewise take part, and tho vocal waltz, Littlo Huntsmen, will bo repeated for the third time. At tiio ooncert to bo held in tlio Rotunda Hall this cvoning Haydn's Farewell Symphony will bo performed for tho first time for 12 years. This work excited great interest during the con certs givon at tho Exhibition of 1880, and tho spectacle of eoch musician in turn extinguishing his candlo and leaving his desk until ono soli tary performer alono remained is no douht still fresh in tho memories of nil who henrd tlio symphony at ihat time. The full programme will be found in another column. Tho Jubileo Singers will again appoar at the Town Hall this evening, and thoso who appre ciate really excellent part singing will do well to patroniso tho performance. Tho progrummo consists mainly of vocal solos, glees, quartets, &c.;, which will appeal even to persons who found tho semi-religious plantation donga not quito up to their taste, though of couran tho cIash of musio principally associated with the Jubilee Singers is to be by no moans neglected at to-night's performance. The clever Fantoches Francoises at St. George's Hall nro deserving ot support, nnd have been rccoiving a fair sharo of pntronngo during tho week. Dan Tracey's Alinstrel and Specialty Com pany, at the Gaiety Theatro, havo been minis- toring to tho amusement of crowds of visitors in Easter week, and may be soon in a new pro gramme to-night. Tho United States Alinstrel Company, at tho Victoria Hall, lmvo also been playing to good business! and introduce new items to-night. The Cycloruma of tlio Battlo of Waterloo has been seen and admired by upwards of 600,000 visitors since its erection in Alelbourne over two years ago, and owes 110 small amount of its success to tlio descriptive powers of Air. Forster, wbo has delivered bis illustrative jcotnro over 3000 times. Tlio rival picturo of tho Siego of Paris, iu Bourka- stroct, though it has not enjoyed so long a popularity, has, pro portionately to its age, been quite as popular. Loth may ho soon throughout tho day. lUzgoiald's circus has heen well attendod, and is well spoken of on all hands. Tho horse manship is particularly good. A mtUinie per formance will be given to-day nt 3. Avery attractive programme lias been pro- vulod for this evening's Fooplo's Concert in tlio J-cmpernncc Hall," Russcll-3ticct, including a minstrol first part by tlio Combination Sero- nadora, in which the amusing sketch, Tho Lohhios, will bo introduced. ,,.At tho British Art Gallery thnpiotiiro of Her l'lrst Love Lettor, by Marous Stone, It. A., will bo on view for tho last timo lo-day, ns it has boon recalled to London for special exhibition Jj,orG» nd must Icavu by Tuesday's mail. Miss Raohel Glostor is to give a recital at 3 o'clock on tho Slcinwny piano in tho gallery. Professor John J. Shoridnn, the phrenologist has arrived from Tasmanin, and will shortly givo a .serios of entertainments. Tho tug of war boom litis broken out in a fresh place, and this timn tiio football interest is to lio woven around the trials of strength and all tlio senior football teams are to have a bout. Tho competitions will commonoo in tho Exhibition Building on Alondny, and will ho continued dur ing the week. The following clubs will tako part: — Essindon, Smith Alolbourue, Carlton, I ort Molbourno, Williomstown, Richmond, North Alolbourno, Alolbourno and St. Kilda. Air. W. 'R, Virgoo will act as referee. 