\- . — - ' = American . Methodist ' Conference, .Lively Times. I has bebn a lively and, -an interesting ' week with'our Methodist brothron — tlio Now York ' conference meeting in this city, and the East Now York eonforonce mooting in tho city of Brooklyn (says the New; Yoik correspondent of tho S.M. Herald). A Methodist conference is always iutoroBting from tho fact that it is mado up of bright, clear-hoiidpd, sharp,, aggressive mon, who know juBt exactly what to say, and aro not afraid tqqayit. But tliey aro human after all, as was clearly illustrated by . the proceed ings of tho New York conforonco on Thursday. Some one— nobody knew just exactly who — lids been writing a sorieB of anonymous letters,- reflecting on a number of the members of the cqnfereTiqo, which if substantiated, would disqualify them from sitting in that body. . Allien tho subject was broached tliero was a roar of disapprobation, and in an instant 50 ministers wero on their feet, all wildly gesticulating and trying -to bo hoard; 'Bislio|> Foss had presided- over clamorous crowds before, and they might as well have tried to rattle tho Rock of Gibraltar. : Ho. soon restored 'quiet, and on inquiry as to tlio cause of tlio row', it was discovered, that .one-hnlf of the mombcrs woro attacked in the letters, and tliq pthei; half, was suspected of writing them.' The grievanco ap peared to bo that several ministers had formed themselves into a'closo corpora tion to keep all tho good placos in the church for thomsolves, .while tlioir, younger brothers, who had. no pull, wore compelled, to . feed upon, husks ; or, at least,, this was the allegation, -and ono thing seemed to be . settled by common consent at tliGjStarfc, and that /was: that the offender, "whoever he ( was, was a mombe'r of tlie coiiferohco. " Of' course,.. pvory minister present , donied that lie wbs the :iiian! and while every fellow felt suro of his own innoconeo, lie .wasn't quite so Burb cif tho "innocence of the qthey fellows. ! At last, suspicion settled down tb a single' member. Dr. King. Ho declared 'himself innocent, and triumph antly vindicated himself amid ' thunder's .of applause. ,One of the disturbing ble- nients to agitato. tho , conference;, which, like the ghost of. Banquo, will not go tdqwn, was the. subject of increased ' lay repfeseutfttion, and. of granting laymen increased power in that body. The older ministers are bittorly opposed to granting .more power to laymen,, than ' thby have at presont, aiid the sauie clpss'1 lias stood- like a wall' of steel against having wo mon participate in their coun sels. The moment you spenk to any of thqso ohT ministers about admitting wo- mon to tho conforonco, up bobs St. Paul.commanding women to be silent in tho churchos. 