CURRENT TOPICS. Tar usual quarterly meeting of the Hope s of Invereok Lodge, I.O.G.T., was bold on Friday evening in the Temperance Hall. I There was a large attendance of members and visitors present. After the lodge was duly opened by the C.T., Bro. T. J. t Gardiner, the various officers' reports weroe read and adopted, which showed that the lodge had made rapid strides during the 1 quarter. Twenty-flee new membero hadri joined, and there was a credit balance shown of f5 18s Id. The following oflkere were installer) for the ensuing quarter by the L.D., assisted by Bro. J. Matthews, J.M., and Sister Feutrill, .J.D M.:-C.T., Bro. W. Laptherne; T.T., Bro. W. Knowles; secretary, Bro. W. Murphy ; AS., Sister Harris; treasurer, Bro. J. Duncan, son.; F.S., Bro. J. O'Connell; Marshall, Bro. J. Henderson; D.M., Sister I Lewis; Chaplain, Sister Mallay; J.G., Bro. T. Seymour1 O.G., Bra. Lewis; P.O.T., Bro. T. J. Gardiner. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers and visitors, and suitably responded to by Bros. Brown, Duncan, Gardiner, and Matthews, and Sister Atkinson. The re mainder of the evening was occupied by various songs, resitations, etc., being given, and a very pleasant time was spent. Me HAROLD AsuTose, who has had the management of several first-class minstrel companies that have appeared in Launces ton, arrived here on Saturday by the Pateena to superinteod the preliminary arrangements for the forthcoming season of Wills Surprise Party, which commences on Saturday next at the Academy of Music. The eompnoy includes many well known pirformero, such as Miss Priscilla Verne (late leading lady of Hugo's Minstrels), Mr Dave Gardner (who was always a great favourite here), and others. In addition, there are several who havesnever previously appeared before a Launceston audience, but who have earned a high reputation in Melbourne and Sydney for thseir mirth provoking and artistic abilities. ON Thursday night last the premises of Mr W. Jones at the corner of Lyttleton and Clarence streets were burglariously entered. The window was forced open by some instrument, and the bedrooms in which some of the inmates were sleeping were ransacked. The only articles aissed, however, were two £1 notes and some life assurances polices, but the latter were found in the garden, where the thief or thieves had thrown them when he found they were unless to hiss. The detectives have the matter in hand. A STOLL-rNown and respected alderman and M.H.A. was on his way home from Parliament on Friday night (says the Mercury), and when passing along Camp bell-street about 1130 he was stuck up by a party of four men, who simulated drunkenness for the time. The gentleman took to his heels, and ran to the police office for assistance. By this time his annoyers had fled, and the alarmrd legis lator was safely escorted home. IN connection with the approaching visit of Mr Wm. M'Kenzie we are informed that at a recent benefit concert tendered him at the capital, he received a handsome number of Soral tributes. One was nearly 14ft round the top, being worked in tartan rib: \- bon. The following is a copy of a letter from Mr W. H. Jude, the Engliish composer and organist, to Mr Mackenzie. "Hobart, April 5 21, 1802. Dear Mr Mackenzie,-There's nought in life so sweet as the memory of kindly deeds, and often shall I think, when \- far away, of your many courteous and gracious acts to me. For your high artistic attainments, and your solidity as a nmusician, I wish to testify my best appre f ciation and my most profound respect ; but it is your noble qualities as a man that I * shall carry away in my innermost heart. Sincerely yours, W. H. JYDE." ON Saturday morning about 11 o'clock an elderly man was seen to stagger and t fall in Charles-street. Several passers-by rpicked him up, and found that life was extinct. The body was removed to tire a police station where it was identified as that of Enoch Walkenden, aged 70 years, who has been for the past 18 years an inmate of the Invalid Depot. As the poor old fellow has been tottering on the verge of the grave for years past, and it was evident that death had resulted from natural causes, no inquest was deemed necessary. 'Taa permanent survey of the Strahan Mount Lyell railway will be commenced (says the Herald) on Thursday next, the work being entrusted to Mr W. D. Wilkins, I late of the new Dundas railway, pending the arrival of the company's engineer from England. The gauge has not been defi nitely fixed, but it is likely to be 2ft Gin. However the gradients and curves will be laid out to suit the Government gauge of 3 3ft Gin. It is probable that the starting point of the line will be fixed somewhere in the vicinity of the hospital. The total length of the line will be about 28 miles. A. MEOTSwe, of the Dental Board of Examiners was held at the rooms of Mr Lucadou-Wells, Brisbane-street, on Wed nesday evening last, when there were present-The chairman (Dr. W. G. Mad dox, Dr. C. J. Pike, and Messrs A. J. Hall, and A. Lucadou-Wells (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the secretary stated that since their last meeting three applications for registration under the Dentists Act, 1884, had been received. One of these, together with document as to qualification, bad been forwarded from Hobart by Mr R. M. Johnston, the Regis trar, asking to be advised in the matter. As the document was a recognised certifl cate, issued under the Imperial Dentistry IAct of 1878, the Registrar wnie replied to to that effect. Otiser apirlteations having keen dealt with, and tbro regulations under the amenderl ret frrrthser considered, the meetioff closed. THs nossager of the Poll concert tour, Mr Choolee Bradley. reseched Losnecotun per Pateerna on Saturday afternuon, and immnediately cerrcluded arrasgeumente for Signor Felt's appearance at the Albert Hall on Thurreday and Friday next. This wrill be a red-letter event for thse music levers of Lassneeston, for it musst at once ho reeognised that Signor Poll casks as tire greatest artiste thsat hrso visited rso. Tire prices of ridrisisoln are brought within thse reach of everybody. The front seats, reserred, will be 4u, the body of the trail and the gallery, 2s Gd and the hack seats, is. As there will probably hr a rush for seats at the box offtoe (Watlsh's snueic rarehsurse, Brisbane street) it is advisable to book early. A pepuirir, yet aX tire same time intellectual, prograurme will be' tire order of tire fdret concert, rind is a drsy or two we ebalt be ablo to prrlsish the liot of songs that Signor Foll intends to give Iris audience. Says the Sydney Euecirrg News on a recent visit paid by Signor Foli to Sthrat city t-The fame of the Fell Concert Company spread rapidly yesterday. The idea seems to prevail that special artists svlo come from England ere not to be looked fer in Ausstralia until their voices acre fadert and sot far from worn out, so that what rwe hear in tire colonies are hardly more than the ghosts of the have bees. Now, however, esperience has proved Siguor Fell's voice to he as rics and lonoreus as ever, and it is in no way surrrrising to find conniderable excitement existing amongst our music lovers and the remainder of the concerts attended by over fiooelng audiences. Signor loll opened grandly with a noble aria from Guonsd's "La Roine do Saba," and isltogethrer nor. passed his efforts of Monday evening by Iris passionate singing of " She alone charmeth my sadness (' it was indeed a fine per formance. His next effort, "Tree sill death," was declaimed seith grerat rigour, and an encore for it resulted in an equally forcefsml rendering of " Blew, blow, thou winter wind." Signer Fell will ho assisted by several capable artists. A xime namod Thomas Carriek, an hotel porter, was engaged creorming a horseo yesterday, when it kicked him on the left leg, inflicting a severe wound. He was I taken to the General Hospital, where Iris injuries were attended to by the houses surgeon. WE learn by a cable in the Age that the Great Northern Railway Company of Taesmania has announced a loan of £8750,002. Tas hen. It. H. Robcrts'a dam Golden Horn thre Second, recently purchased for 6311 guineas, seas (states the Sydney Mail) hrand-shorn last Saturday, and cut ever - 211k of wool. It is sbated that the owners intend to send the fleece to the Chicago Xxhibition. . OuPt Evandalo correspondent writes under date 6th insb.:-Ploughing and sow ing is now the order of the day here, the weather being at the present pro pitious. The crops look fairly well.-The no confidence motion in the House of Assembly is evoking some interest, the theory is, can better men be found on the opposite side P I trow not, but think if the Treasurer had kept his taxing pro posals of the necessaries of life the Ministry would have stood on firmer ground.-Mr George Masters, a bricklayer, who lives at Bracknell, who was building a chimney at Evandale, fell some distance off a ladder yesterday, and sustained a considerable slinking, but I am glad to say nothing more serious.-We are sorry to hear of the demise of Mr Kidd, our old school master. "Your own" was under his tuition abouta quarter of a century ago. Mr Kidd was a strict disciplinarian, but withal I believe a man of good parts. M. Ticoox LaZu5LLx, the Fiench repro rentative at the various international exhibitions which have been held in the Australasian colonies, has written a letter to Mr Joubert offering his co-operation in connection with the International Exhi bition to be held at Hobart in 1894. Y. Laruelle says :-" It will be of the utmost importance to prevail upon your (Gbvern ment to invite the French Government to botoflicially represented, inasmuch as they have already intimated that there will be an Exposition Univereelle in Paris in 1898, they will gladly join in any similar under taking intervening with a view to ensure reciprocity. It is also a very splendid idea to follow closely in the great American Fair, from which you will be able to got some valuable contributions. Keep me well posted up and you may rely on my doing all I can to help you, not only hare but throughout the Continent. Send your schedules sa. soon as you can. I am pro paring my official report on the Launceston Exhibition which the Minister of Com merce lies asked for. I shall append to it a recommendation that an official recogni tion be given to the Exhibition now pro jected for the capital of Tasmania." A PUrBsc meeting of the electors of the Westbury district will be held in the Mon tacute Hall, Hagley, this afternoon, the chair to be taken at two o'clock. It is anticipated that the hon. Thomas Reibey, M.H.A. for the district, and the bon. Audley Coote, M.L.C., will be among the speakers. A large attendance is antici pated. Fasosy next is set apart for Walter Carlo's benefit. A mammoth programme has been arranged, over twenty names being on the list, including Mr Youngman and Herr Siebert, also Miss Ruby Davies, this being her first pub lic appearance on any stage. The entertainment will consist of comedy, farce, musical items, and minstrels, and a present will be awarded for the best conun drum on the Academy of Music. Tickets are going off very freely, and with fine weather there should be a bumper honse. ToE epicures of the world may rejoice in the discovery of a new diet in the shape of the mammoth potato of Montana. Usually the very big potato is bad eating, but this is not the case with the monsters which are grown in Montana. According to Mr Julia Ralph's article in Hdarper's for June, the mammoth potato is destined to carry all before it as an eatable: -There are no such potatoes in the world as are grown in Montana. They attain prodigious size, and often weigh three, four, and five pounds apiece. Eighteen such potatoes make a bushel. To the taste they are like a new vegetable. The larger ones are moaley, but the smaller ones are like sacks of meal; when the skin is broken the meal falls off like flour. It must very soon become the pride of every steward in first-grade hotels, restaurants, and clubs of the cities here-and even in Europe-to prepare these most delicious vegetables for those who enjoy good living. As these potatoes of the choicest quality can be cultivated in all the valleys east of the Rocky Mountains there will soon be no lack of them. A esavice of song entitled " Whiter than Snow" will take place in the EvandalePreeby torten sekool-room on Wednesday evening, U esvTAINrY the best mediinoe kmown is landers and Son's Eucalypti Extract. Tono its t eminently powerful effeots in coughs, colds, In fluenza-the reliof Is Instantaneous. In serious cars' and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, sualdine'e bruises, iprains, i.t Is I the safest remedy-no swelling, no inflamma tion. Liis surprising effects produced in croup, diohthsria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lanes, swellings, ets.; diarrhosa, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In n by hospitals and m'dical elisios all over the :lobe; patronisod by his Majesty the King of Itshy; crowned with medal and diploma at Intwroatlonal Exhibltin, Amsterdam. Trust in this approoel article, end relect all others. te-Wholesale depots for Tosemsul, L. Fair t.ores and Son and Hatton ant Laws. Re. tailed by chemists and reksepers ati li 9 pus s Cld nor- 'toi,. EXHAUSTED and droway feelings indicate an impure and sluggish condition of the blood. which may be remedied by the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla. It is the most powerful and esonomiest blood purifar known. A PUneATIVE medicine should possess tonic nlid surative, as well as cathartlo properties. This combination of ingredients may be found In dyer's Pills. They strengthen and stimulate the bowels, esauing natural antion. 