THE SINGING GHOST AT SEA. [BY M. QUAD.] WE had boen .in Capo Town four days, completing our loading for Liverpool, after having been up the African coast as far as Zanzibar and return, when an Irish woman came aboard and asked for a passage home. Our craft waa the English barque Fanny Lee, carrying a crew of 14 men, and though we might have tried to make a woman comf or table, had we picked her off a wreok in mid ocean, the barque carried no passengers and had no accom modation for them The woman gave her name as Molly M'Davis. She was a Bingle woman, 24 years old, and had made the voyage to the Gape in an immigrant ship to join and marry a lover. Like many another female, sho was disap- pointed. Pat had skipped the country when she arrived. She had been at work for several months, but could not pay her way home. Indeed, she did not propose to. She was what might be called " a strapping young woman," being as tall as any sailor aboard, and weighing about 1501b. She offered to go as cook, but AB there was no vacancy nho asked to be taken as a common sailor aud allowed to work her passage home. We felt a bin norry for Misa M'Davis, but we couldn't take her in any position. Sho was disappointed, but she had no tears to shed. On the contrary, she went away with a very determined look un her face, and an Irishman among tho crow offered to bet his sou'wester against a plug of tobacco that she'd seo Liverpool as soon as we did. It was ten dayB from tho time she came aboard before we left the Cape. I saw h<nr aboard threo or four times in the week, and once or twice she had other confabs with the captain. As we weighed anchor and stood out for our offing Molly M.'Davis was the last person in Cape Town to be suspected of bringing ill-luck to our barque. We had fine weather and favourable winds, and were well np with Cape Frio, when the men came to me in a body during the morning watch to make a complaint. They were headed by the carpenter, who declared that for the past two nights the watches below had boen disturbed by strange noises and could not sleep. The barque had the old-fashioned fo'castle instead nf the deck house, and the noises had seemed to come from behind the bulkhead dividing the fo'castle from the hold. whilo any sailing craft carrying a miscellaneous cargo is always full of st range, queer noises, caused by friction and straining, there is always at least one man in the crew ready to shake hia head and make mystery over some- thing easily explained away. I listened tn tba complaiut, premised to look into it, and then dropped the matter out of mind. OH the night of that day I* came on watch at midnight. I found my men on deck, and the second mate's watch, just relieved, hung about the scuttle instead oi turning in. Demanding to know the reason of this singular action, I was told that the queer noises before referred tc had been heard again and again, and th« cew were as good as npset over them. Had the " old man " been on deck he would have seized a belaying pin and driven the watch below, and cracked three or four heads. He had no patience with sailors' weaknesses., I was tempted tc give them a bit of my mind, but all were so serious and earnest that it seemed oui j reasonable to investigate. I went inti the fo'castle and spent 15 minutes listen- ing for sounds. The barque had all plait; sail on, and was heeled to port, and foi tho first 10 minutes I heard only thc sounds of boxés and bales rubbing to gether. Then, of a sadden, I heard « voice singing. It was a faint, far-awaj voice, and I bad to listen closely, but ii certainly was % human voice. It wai impossible to locate it. It seemed tc como from above as much as in any othei direction, and I went on deck thinking home of the hands might be playing a joke. " It will be anything but a joke for thc man who's playing this if I can catch hin at it," I said as I gained the dock and found both watches grouped around th» hatch and waiting for me. *' Mr. Merwin, did you hear aughl down below?" asked the carpenter, speaking for all. Not down there, but I beard somconi singing up here." " No, sir 1 I pledge you my word anc that of every man here that not a nw of us uttered a whisper. It was singing you heard, sir ?" "Yes." " And that's what the men complain of sir-singing most of the time, but nov and then something like praying ant calling out." " Well, singing and praying won't hurl any of you, even if it's that. It's in th« cargo, however. We've got three or fou old pianos aboard going to England to bi fixed up. and it's the boxes rabbin) together which makes the singing sound Ir's free music, and you ought to be gla< of it. Go below thb watch, and let's hea no more of thi-*." The men hung back for a moment an< then followed ono another down into thei sleeping quarters. I was honest in wha I had said. As noon as I remembered th pianos I was euro that the singing noii came from them. It no doubt lookei reasonable to the sailors, as nothing mor WM heard from them that night. I wa off at 4 and on again at 8 next morning Tho breeze had died out and we wen on an even keel and not making ovo two miles an hour. It had come 9 o'clock The captain was overhauling nome paper in the cabin, the men were all at work oi jobs, and I was pacing the quarter am keeping an eye on a bit of sail showing t< windward of us when a shout of term rang through the ship. A hand named Thomas Burns had beet into the forepeak after something waute< on deck, and it was he who called out a he tumbled up and seemed for a momen to contemplato going overboard. Tb yell brought the captain on deck, am then tho story of the strange noises cami out. He WAH furious. Burns declarei that a human voice had called to hin while he was below, and the rest of th crew stood by him with regari to the singing and praying, bu tho "old man" was mad enough t { kill someone. He drove them forwan and then followed them up and curse» i and borated them in Bristol fashion, am ended up by threatening to put any mai in irons for the rest of tho voyago wh let it bo known that he heard tho einginj again. As the days and nights passed, and ou captain heard nothing further from th mer, ho began to boast of how he ha< dissolved tho mystery and put Jack' I superstitions to (light. Tho second mat I and I know better, however. The quee noises continued, and the men had becum PO rattled that tho watch below smokei their pipes and kept very wide awake The discipline of the ship was bein; upset by a mystery, and I am free ti confess that it was a mystery which ala bothered mo. On two other occasions had entered the fo'castle and plainly hean the uncanny sounds, but was not able t locate them to my satisfaction. I wa pretty sure, however, that they cami from the forehold, »nd one aftornoon told the whole story to tho captain, am suggested that the forward hatch b removed and au investigation made. H flew mad at once, and began berating mi for an old woman and a graveyard sailor and then he went forward among th men and told them he'd run the barqu ashore and be hanged to her beforo hn'i pull off a hatch cover. He thought tha set'led lt, but he W»B mistaken. £ It was the captain's watoh-^alway held by tho second mate-from midnigh to four o'clook next morning. It hai become almost a dead calm when I lei the deck. Every man of the secom mate's watch was up before him, and noticed that none of mine weat'below What happened half an hour after I hai turned in gave the captain the greaten surprise of hia life. Mr. Groat, th second mat«, waa pacing the quartet . ' . t f ? ,* , .ii ' when ho was suddenly seized, gagged and bound, and a voice, whjoh he recognised as the carpenter's, cautioned him to be quiet or he'd go overboard. All sailors are light sleepers, but officers especially so ; and why it was that neither the captain nor I woke up during the events occurring on deck has always been a matter of surprise. The meD brought the barque to the wind, got tackles aloft, and hove out the lougboat, and we slept right along without hearing a sound. They filled two breakers of water, took such provisions ns the cook, who was in with them, could lay hands on, and by one o'clock they were away. The steward was the only one left behind wjth the officers. After the men left, Mr. Groat made efforts to free himself, but without avail. He could not oven roll along the deck, as he had been lashed to a ring bolt. At half-past three o'clock the captain awoke and went on deck, and when the whole affeir became plain to him he nearly fell down in a fit. Our position was off St. Pani de Loando, fairly in the pathway of traffic, but we realised that we might knock about for a month without sighting a sail. Nothing could be eeen of the long- boat from aloft when daylight came, and the first thing we did W«B to reduce Bail, so that we might possibly manage the barque in case of heavy weather. The breeze freáhbned with tho sun. and SB it was fair for the coast, which was about 600 mitos away, Mr. Groat and I eup posed, of course, the captain would attempt to work her in. He had different ideas, however. He was very quiet and humble over the first shuck. Then he let loose, and did swearing enough to last ten shipmasters on ten voyage«. He declared he'd navigate the barque to Liverpool if it took five years to make the voyage, and if he never got an hour's sleep. , We had just got her off on her course, and the old man himself was at the wheel and still swearing, when a strange figure emerged from the fo'castle and came aft as far as the mainmast. It was the figure of a woman, but her face was HO white and pinched, her eyes so large and glassy, and she reeled about in sucha a manner that I, who was nearest to her. waa 10 seconds in making sure she was even a human being. Tho minute I oanght Bight of her parched lips I ran to the scuttle butt and got her a pannikin of water. It was only a drep to her, and she had swallowed fully two quarts before I choked Jbér off. Then I signalled the steward, who was now acting as cook, and he brought her a big hunk of meat and a couple of bis- cuits. She ate like a wolf, and it was a good half an hour before she spoke a word. Then it was to eay :~ " Ah ! me bye, but Molly M'Davis begins to feel her old self one« more 1" It was the Irish woman we had refused to take aboard at Gape Town, and after thirst and hunger had been satisfied she told us her story. The last tim« she came aboard the men were at supper and the cargo nearly stowed. She bad her plans all made, and she slipped down the kftér hatch without being seen. She made her way over the cargo to the fo'castle bulk- head, and there took up quarters among the bales of dried cow-skins we had stored there. She had brought with her feur quarts nf water and two loaves of bread, intending to let her presence be known before she suffered from hunger and thirst. She was dreadful tick when we got *.o sea, and her groans and prayers and laments were heards in the fo'castle. When she got better she sang to keep herself company. SheJ made the bread and water lust ber a week. Then she tried to attract attention by rapping on tho bulkhead, but the frightened sailors paid no attention. She had a pocket-knife with her, and on the afternoon of the nighs they abandoned the ship she cut the binds of four bales of skins and moved them away, and then attacked the bulkhead. She was all night cutting through the stout planks, and when she appeared on deck she bad been 40 hour« without food or water. I expected tho captain would give the stowaway woman a blessing. After she had finished her story, he did start in to, but aho could utter five words to his «-ne, andsho soon tired him out He sent her to tho calley to act as cook, and I don't think he was as much put out as he pre- tended to be. Thus far, as you have seen, three very curious circumstances had occurred-the discovery of a spook in the fo'castle, the flight of the crew, and the appearance of Miss M'Davu. There was to bo a fourth curious circumstance. On the eecond day of our shorthandednuss we had half a gale and a tumbling 6ea all day and far into night. We were under very short sail, but the barque sailed along at a good rate of speed. The captain meant to k eep our course and speak the first sail we met, and aik for two or three men, and touch at Shrra Leone. At sunrise of the third day I went aloft to sweep the sea, and the very first object to catch my eye was our longboat, ¿be was to the east- ward and windward of us, and bearing down across our course. She wasn't over throe milt's away, and with my glass I could identify overy man. Upon reporting the boat to tho captain, he swore by the big horn spoon that he'd not take a man aboard, but when the boat cam« within hail he changed his mind, and her crew were soon tumbling over the rail, and glad to get aboard. 'Xhoy had gone off intending to make the coast, but had forgotten to take a compass, and been Bailing almost at random. The " ghost " wu* there to welcome them on board, and when thoy got her story an*! realised how idiotic had been their action, no set of men were ever more disgusted with themselves or more anxious to atone for their doings. Molly M'Davis was landed in Liverpool, «nd «ben we made up a purse for her thu she might have time to turn around, I believe the captain put in ae much as all the rest of us, though he waved her ashore and culled after her that he'd have the law on her if she wasn't out of Liverpool in an hour. 