NEW SALVATION ARMY BARRACKS. THE late Y.M C.A. Hall in Clifford-street will in future be known as the Salvation Army Barracks and Divisional War Office. It passed into the hands of the Army a few weeks ago by purchase from the original trustees, who were obliged to dispose of it through financial difficulties. The hall stands on a piece of land 33 by 120 feet. The foundation stone was laid in June, 1889, by the Hon. E. Vickery, of Sydney, and the building was opened for service by the Young Men's Christian Association in November of the same year, the building and ground having cost a little over £3000. Eleven guarantors went security for this amount, and the work was com- menced without any funds in hand, the committee in fact being a few pounds in debt on the old building, but the objects of the association being of a non-sectarian character, the committee relied on the generosity of the public to enable them to carry on the work successfully. Meetings of various kinds were organised, a reading-room was opened, and improvement classes and a gymnasium under the management of Mr. Quinn were started, but unfortunately the support given to the movement was not sufficient to cover expenses. The cost of the gymnasium alone exceeded the takings by over £40 annuallv, but this deficiency was generously made up each year by the committee. About the latter part of 1891 Mr. Cotching was employed as the paid secretary of the association, but tbe results attending this step were again unsatisfactory, and after the lapse of a few months the committee found it impossible to carry on the work and pay the expenses, amounting to about £10 per week. The building was sold to the Salvation Army for £2250, leaving the guarantors personally responsible for about £300, made up principally of an overdraft at the London Chartered Bank. The unfortunate collapse of the institution is deeply regretted, and steps are now on foot to re- lieve the guarantors of part of their responsibility, as several are not in a position to meet the demands made upon them. The building henceforth will be devoted to the advancement of the spiritual welfare of the com- munity from the Salvationist's standpoint, and the Army has certainly good reason to congratulate it- self on securing such a good bargain. The per- manent occupancy of the new barracks has just been marked by a three days' celebration, and the building has been dedicated to the glory of God amidst all the vehemence, din, and enthusiasm which this modern crusade against the kingdom of darkness is capable of. The first meeting was held on Saturday evening, at which many of the leading Army officers in Australia were present. There were in attendance Brigadier Rothwell colony leader in New South Wales, Majors Evans and Horskins, of Sydney, Major Unsworth, late of India, now of Newcastle, Ensign Gennis, also of India and an old Goulburn identity, Ensign Orance, of Sydney, Staff-captain Moss, aide-de- camp to Brigadier Rothwell, and a host of other field officers. The meeting was not marked by any special features, except perhaps the presence of such a large number of officers on the stage, and it was of the usual hallelujah kind. The meeting was full of enthusiasm - in fact we fear some people had they been there would have been ill-natured enough to say that it was extravagantly so. The initial movement was a terrific onslaught on har- mony by 15 brass instruments, a big drum, two fiddles, and 50 or 60 lusty throats, and at the risk of carrying away the roof and rafters this hurricane of joy was repeated several times during the even- ing. Frenzied appeals were offered up to the Supreme Ruler, and vigorous addresses were delivered by the Brigadier and Majors Unsworth and Horskiss, and at the close three guilty souls were brought to the penitent form to receive absolution. The Brigadier in the course of his brief address said be hoped that a mighty outpouring of the Holy Ghost would take place during the opening meetings. He was very pleased to see them established in their grand, spanking. new set of barracks. The first bit of business he had to do in the colony was to select a piece of ground for their meetings at Goulburn, and after all the trouble he had had he was glad to stand with them that evening in their own home to honour and thank God. The building would cost them something like £2500 before they were finished, and he re- minded them that it was theirs on "tick," and in these opening meetings, besides having a down- right salvation time, he wanted to do something financially as well. He had pledged hls word to raise £500 to reduce the debt on the building within the next six months and he trusted to get the very best support from all persons in sympathy with the movement. During the special holiness meetings held recently the handsome sum of £170 had been collected, and he fully expected to get another £100 during the present meetings. The celebration was continued on Sunday, when very successful meetings were held. The day's proceedings commenced at 6.30, when the corps and officers met at the barracks and marched round the town. At ten o'clock a meeting was held in the square and at 11 o'clock an adjournment was made to the barracks, where a holiness meeting was held. Meetings were also held in the afternoon and even- ing, being attended with much spiritual and financial success. On Monday evening a grand banquet was held at the barracks. The tables were tastefully laid out, and a large number of persons partook of the good things provided. A meeting was afterwards held, at which stirring addresses were delivered by the visiting officers. This evening Major Unsworth will give a lecture in the barracks on Indian warfare. Mount Costigan Lead and Silver Mine (by wire), December 1. Manager's Report:-The furnace was blown in this morning; everything working satisfactorily, The smelting is being conducted by Mr E. W. Woodgate, metallurgist. 