General News. A special ineetiDg of the Salvation Army' will he-, held to-morrow evening-The lil«; story of a Salvationist. The total quantity of sugar exported from the various ports in Queensland from 1st Jtiiy to 31st August was 5391 tons. An entertainment will be given by the Ei-v. C. F. Seymour in the Divisional Hall on Monday next, entitled "Marley's Ghost,"' illustrated with limelight views. * Tbr ' Burke electoral roll has been ex- amined under the new Electoral Act, and out of 1063 names 573 have been struck out. These do not include rames put on this year. Abtut SO bluejackets from H.M.S. Itapid paraded tor Divine Service at St. John's Church on Sunday accompanied hy the strains of the splendid fife and drum baud attached to the ship. Chamber of Commerce meeting will be held on Friday afternoon at -A o'clock. The best thing the members can do is to ask the Government to open the line to Biboohra when completed next month. Supreme Courts writs have been issued <igaiust ll-. Andrew Bogle by Mr. Mathieson, the Chief Hallway Commissioner, and Major Lyster, for JEG30 and JÉüOÜ respectively, for alleged breach of contract in couuection with the sale of shares in the Orchid -gold- mine. The Brisbane authorities hare withdrawn the prosecution against Leon Perrett, the a)lex«' Russian spy ou Townsville_Jortific«-. ?«.""£"presumed that the"evidence was not suliiii.-ut to convict him. All the articles detained will be returned to him. On Monday and Tuesday evenings the Kev. Peter Aston delivered lectures in the Divisional Hall on temperance. The Kev. Mr. Hill took the chair on Monday night, and set a good example by taking the pledge himself. The evenings were made attrac- tive by the bluejackets who attended. Theie are no less than 70 teetotallers on the h'apid, 30 of whom are Good Templars. A cricket match between the Cairns players and a team from H.M.S. Rapid was indulged in on .Saturday afternoon in Norn an Park. The Cairns men won, but that did not detract from the enjoyment ot' the- Rapid players, who entered thoroughly into the spirit of the game and had a inerry time. Tea and ladies were in evidence on the grounds. Splendid music was provided by the ship's fife and drum band. The following Adelaide telegram evidently refers to North Queensland Leper Stations : j -" The Treasurer's atteutiou bas been called to a serious charge of inhumanity published in Longman's Magazine ' about a leper station on a dreary barren island, on the North coast of Australia.' He tele- graphed to the Government Resident for his report. Mr. Justice Dashwood replied, denying the charge, and stating thc remarks could mt refer to any Northern Territory Leper Station" 