L fi7rN A DAUGHTER OF. L.ILITH.' The Strange Story of a lMan's Love for an Immortal. I had left Paris on the evening of the previous day and passed a long and silent night in a corner of the railway carriage. For six mortal hours 1 had waited at a small station, and not until the afternoon did I succeed in finding a peasant's cart to take me to Artigues. The plain, the undulations of which rose and fell on each side of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great sun, was iow covered by a thick veil of snow, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. My guide pushed his old horse along slowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, 1 murmured in my heart this prayer: "My God -God of mercy-preserve me froma despair and let me not commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon! " Then I saw the sun, red and rayless, descending like a bleeding host on the horizon, and, re calling the divine sacrificeof Calvary, I felt hope enter my soul. The wheels continued to grate through the snow for some time. At last, the driver pointed out to me with his whip the steeple of Artigues, which stood out like a shadow in the reddish mist. . "Elh !" said the man tome, "you get off at the pa"rsonago X1u'1-Zow the cure T " 1 have known him since my childhood. He was my master when 1 was at school." " He is learned in books ?" "M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." " They say so. They say other things, also." " What do they say ?" " They say what they like, and I let them talk." " Well, what else 7 " ' Well, there are some who believe that the cure Is a sorcerer, and that he casts spells." " What nonsense ! " " I say nothing, sir, myself ; but if 31. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts epells, why does lie read in books, then I" The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. I left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, who conducted ma to her master in the dining-room, where the table was already set. I found M. Safrac very much changed in the three years since I had seen himi. His tall frame was bent, his thinness had become ex cessive, his piercing eyes shone out from his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger. reached to his drawn mouth. " My father, my father !" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms ; " ' come to you be cause I have sinned. Oh, you, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child from the brink of the precipice i Oh, miy only friend, save me, enlighten nme I" He embraced me, smiled at me with that exquisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, step ping back a little, so as to see me better. said : " With God's help," sa]luting inm af:er the fashion of his country. After years of distinc tion as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux, at Poictiers, and at Paris, he had asked, as an only favor, for a poor living in the country where he had been born and where he wished to die. Cure of Artigues four the last six years, lihe practiced in this obscure village the most humble piety and the maist exalted science. " With God's help. my child," lie repeated. ; Your letter, alnnoulancing your arrival, mlloved me de-ply. It is true, tlhen, that you have not foragotten your old master?' I started to throw myself at his feet, still stamnll ring : " Save s lia, save ile! " but he stopped me with a gesture at once gentle and imperious. "Jean," lhe said," "you can tell me to morrow what you have to say. Niow warns vyourself. Then we shall eat, for you must be very hungry.' The servant placed on the table the soup turdeen, fromi which rose a column of fragrant steam. She wvas au old woman, whose hair was hidden under a black silk handkerchief and on whose wrinkled face were mindl.d the beauty of the peasant type and the ugliness of decrepi. jude. I was greatl3 agitated; still, the pence t of the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the wood fire, of the white table cloth, of the decanted wane, and of the steaming dishes, gra dually took possession of me, and presently I almost forgot that I had come to the home of this priest to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repentance. "Jean," said M3 Sairac, "you were my best a pupil. Your plromlpt intelligence always tra velled beyond the thought of the master. That is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not t be timid when impiety shows such indomitable audacity. The church to-day has but lambs ; she needs lions. Who will replace with us the fathers and the sages whose glance embraced all the sciences? Truth is like the sun, -it needs the eye of the eagle to contemplate it." "Ah. M. Safrac, you brought to bear on every question that eye which nothing dazzles. I reaember how your opinions sometimes startled eoven those of your colleagues whom the sanctity of your life filled with admiration. You did not dread novelties. That was how, for instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of inhabited worlds." -' What will the timid ones say when they read my book ? " he exclaimed, with brighten mg eyes; " I have meditated. 1 have worked. You know that I am acquainted with Hebretw, Arabian, Persian, and several 'of the Indian 4 languages, You know that I brought with me hdercalibrary.rich.in anoient manuscripts. l I have dipped deep ifito' kiowledge 'of languages and thie traditions' of the primitive Orient. I have just finished miy book on the 'Origins,' which restores and sustains that sacred inter pretation of the Scriptures in the imminent ruin of which impious science believes already. God, in His ininiate mercy, has willed that science and faith be reconciled. To produce this reconciliation, 1 start from this idea : The Bible, inspired by the Holy Ghost, tells nothing but.what is true, but does not-tell all that is true. And how could it tell it, since it pro poses, for its only object, to inform us of that which is necessary to our eternal salvation ? Beyond.this grand design, there exists nothing ior it. Its plan is as simple as it is immense. It emDraces the fall and the redemption. It is the divine history of man. It is:complete and limited. Nothingis admitted to it simply to satisfy profane curiosity. 'ow impious science cannot triumph for long over the silence of God. - It is time tosay: 'No; the Bible has not lied, because it has not revealed all.' Suchisthe truth which I proclaim. Mak ing use of geology,. pre-hist'ric archmology, I oriental cosmiogony, Hittite monuments, Chal - dean and Babylonian traditions, and ancient 1 leeeInds preserved in the Talmud, I have a affirmed the existence of preadamites, of whom I the inspired author of Genesis does not speak, simply for the reason that their existence would a not affect the eternal salvation of the children a ol Adam. Better still, a minute examination of the first chapters of Genesis has proved;to me the existence of two successive creations, separated by great ages and of which the second I is, so to speak, but the adaptation of aportion of the earth to the needsof Adam and his pos terity." " . . He stopped for a mdment, and then, in a low a voice, he resumed, s ,ith a truly religious giraivity~: ?"I ' Martial Safrac --an unworthy 1 priest, doctor of theology, subject, as an obe. I dient chlild, to the authority of our: Holy Mother, the Chuirch-I affirm, with an absolute a certainity-subject, always, to the authority of ? our Hdly Father, the Pope, and thecouncils-- I that Adam, created in the image of God, had a two wives, of whom Eve was the second." SThese singular words drew my thoughts some wiht from my~self, and I was strangly interested =o them. I ,wan, therefore, seoeirhlat dis- I appointed when M. Safrale dropphig his elhowsa on the table, said to mee: "lEnough of this topic. Some day, perhaps, you will rcad mnr- hook, which will instruct yot on the subject. It was snscessary, as 1 was in strict duty bounid, to submit this wortk to mnonseigneur and to solicit the approbationl of his grace. The manluscript is now at the arch bishop's, and I expect every moment a decision, which Ihave every reason to bdlieve will prove favorable." . Then the conversation becomrninig ilmre familiar, turned on our imutulus recollections, " Yes, my child," said AI. Safrac to ltr, " you were the pupil of my choice. God per mits preferences when they are founded on an equitable judgment. Now, I judged at once that there was in you the saking of a man and a Christian. Not that I did not notice great imperfections in you. You were unequlal, un certain, easily disturbed. Passions, still secret smoldered in your soul. I loved you for your great restlessness, as I loved another of somy pupils for different qualities. 1 cherished Paul d'Ervy for the resolute firmness of his mind and heart." At this name I turned red an!d then pale. 1 could hardly restrain a cry, and. when I tried to answer, it was impossible for Iee to speak. M. Safrac did not seem to notice ily agita tion. "If my memory is good he was your closest comrade," he added; " you have remsainul very intimate with him, have you not? I know fhat he entered the diplolmatic service. iind that he has a great future before hi n. Ysu have inriinm a faithful and devoted friend.'' " My father." I answered, with an cffirt, "I will talk to you to-morrow of Paul d'Ervy and of another person." AI. Safrac pressed my hand. We seplratcd, and I went to the room which lie ihad caused to be prepared for me. in smy bed, perfumed with lavender, I dreamed that I was ai child again, and that, kneeling in the college chapel, I was admiring the white and shining women with whom the seats were filled, wheni suddenly a voice, coming from a cloud, spoke above my head and said : " Jean, thou believest that thou dost love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in thesm." When I awoke in the miorning I found IM. Safrac standing at the head of my bed. "Jean;" he said to me, "come and hear the mass which I am going to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office. 1 will be ready to hear whatyou have to tell rhe." The churchof Artigues is alittle sanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished in Aquitaine in the twelfth century. Restored about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive plan. Being poor, it still preserved, at least its Ilure bareness. I joined, as well ;is my state of mind would permit. in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with himl to the parsonage. There we breakfasted oel a little bread aitd milk and then entered AM. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs up to the fire place, above whichi a crucifix was suspended, lie invited ine to sit down, and, having seated himself near ilte, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was fall ing. "L Iy father," I commenced, " it is t ni years since I left your care to enter thie world. I have preserved my faith, but, alas! not smy purity. I need not retrace to you my career ; you know it-you, sly spiritual guide, the. colhe director of my conscience. Besides, I aml in haste to reach the event which has upset ilty life. Last year, my family decided that I snould marry, and 1 assented williingly. The young girl destined. for me lresented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me--so much so that, instead of making a ' marriage of convenience,' I was about to mlake a marriage of iniclnation. Ve became engaged. The happine'ss and re pose of life seemed assured, when I received a letter from Paul d'Ervy, announcing his arrival in Paris from Constantinople and expres.ing a great desire to see ime. I hastened ts, him and toldl hiin of sly coming marriage. He congratu lated me cordially. I said that I counted on his being my best man, and he accepted willingly ny mtarriage was fixed for the fifteenth of May. and hie did not have, to return to his post until the first days in June. Then the conversation turned to other topics. "'I am doing very well,' I said, ' and you ' "'Oh, I!' ihe answered, with a smile which expressed at once joy and sadness; 'I what a change! I am mad-a woman--Jean, I aln either very happy or very unhappy. What can you call a happiness which has been purchased by a bad action? I have grieved,I have be trayed, an excellent friend. I have carried off from Constantinople, the-'" " My son," M. Safrac interrupted, "omit from your story the faults of others and name no one.' 1 promised to obey, and continued as follows: "Paul had hardly finished speaking when a woman entered the roome. It was site evi dently. She seemed quite at ease. I will ex press to you in a single word the impression she made on me. She did 'not seem to me to be natural. 1 feel how obscure this term is and how badly it explains my idea ; hut, perhaps, it will become more intelligible to you as you follow my story. In truth, in the expression of her golden eyes, which seemed to emit, at times, showers of sparks; in the curve of her enigmatic mouth,'ln the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and luminous; ill the play of the harsh and vet harmonious lines of her body ; in the airy lightness of her step; even in her naked arms, to which invisible wings seemed attached ; finally, in her whole ardent and fluid being, 1 felt, something strangely foreign to human nature- something, 1 know not what, inferior and superior to woman such as God has made her to be our companion on this earth of exile. From the moment that I saw her, a feeling ,tirose. in my soul and completely filled it. I feit an infinite disgust for all which was inot thiefwoman. "When he1 saw lier enter Paul fro`wried alightly; but cha?iging his mind imlmediately, 1 he tried to smile. . " 'Leila, let me present my best friend.' " I know M. Jean,' Leila answered.' "These words must have seemed strange for we had certainly never met before. But the accent was stranger still ; if the crystal could think, it would speak so. "'My friend Jean,' added Paul, 'is to be married in six weeks.' "At this moment Leila looked at me, and I saw plainly that her golden eyes said ' No.' "I left greatly agitated, my friend not slow ing theleas desire to retain me. 1 wandered I about the streets all day, my heart enlpty and desolate; then, finding myself, ini the evening: before a florist's shop on the Boulevard, I re membered my rinanced and entered to get a branch of white lilac for her. Hardly was the flower between my fingers whlen a little hand i snatched it from me, and I saw Leila runnirg off, laughing. She had on a short'gray dress, a gray coat, and a little round hati. This Parisians i racingcostume was strangley inharmonious with the fairy-like beauty of this creature and) seemed on her like a sortof disguise. Still as I aw her thus, I felt that I loved her with an I inextinguishable love. I tried to catch:her but she escaped me in the crowd of 'people and carriages.. - " From that moment I felt as if I no longer lived. I: went several times to Paul's without seeing Leila again. He received nre pleiisantly but did not speakof her. We had nothing to say to .one andther; 'nd I !eft him sadly. Finally, one day, the valet said to me: ' M. d'Eriy is out ' and added,:' would you like to see madame ' Ianeswered,' Yes.' SOh,;iny fathietl lthis wordr--wh?t teairs of blood can noever expiate it I ientered I" found her in the'saloon, hal-f lysn orn ' divan, isa robe .df golden yellow, :under whichiKhe liad f curled:her little feet. I staw:heir--but, ridoI siaw nio nore. My ::throat was 'iiUddenly pariched. I could not speak.: Afo'odor-;of myrrh rand aromatics Which came from iher - n intoxicated me with langour and desire, as if all the' perfumes obf the.mystic Orient had penetrated at once my quivering nostrils;. rely? ishe rs no natural wom~on, for nohing I human appeared in.her. Her face, xpre'srdl no sentiment good or bad, excep:il.g that of a voluptuousness at ooee sensual a;:d celestial. Doubtless she noticed my agitation, for pre sently she spoke to ise, in a voice as pure as the sonig of the brooks in the woods:. - " ' What is the matter with you ? ' I love. you madly,' I cried through my tears, as Lthrew myself at hlier feet. "Than she optened her arms and cast onme a glance from her clear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so ooner?' ?she said. "flour irithout a name 7 It eCeotil to tme that both of us, carried away to heaven, filled it completely. I felt myself becoming the equal of God, and- " At teose words IH. Safrac, who had listened to tue for snome tite with visible impatience, rose and stood against the chimniy, holding hlis i;ssock up to his knees to warm hies legs. " Yon are a miserable blasphomier,'" he said, with a severity which was almost contempit, " and, far from detesting you crimes, you con fess them only from pride and dielctation. I will listen to you Ito longer." I burst into tears and begged his forgiveness. Seeing that my lhumility was sincere, lie allowed nme to continue llmy confession, on con dition that I should not splre myself. " ly father," I continued, "I left Leila, torut by remorso; but the next. day slto catme to s..et me, and thlen ciItIIeniced a lifo which Irraised me with tortures and delights. I was jealoust of Paul, whonl I had I wronged, and I stblfiredt cruelly. I do not believe there is a tmore de basing disease than jbalouey, nor one iwhi.t fills the soul witli motie odions itmsges. Leili did not even deigil to lie to help me ; in fact! her conduct was inconceivable. .I 'do not forged to whom I am speaking, and 1 shall be careful not to otfend the ears of thb ioroSt venerable of priests. I will only say that Loila did nt seem to participate in the love which she allowed uie to oejoy ; but she had insmi;'led into my whole being the poison of passion. Leil twas absolutely without that whtich we call moral sense. You must not believe, for all that, that. she showed herself wicked or cruet ;'sho ats, iii the contrary,. gentle and full of pity. Neither did she lack intelligence. but her in telligence was not of the samte nature as ours. She spoke little, refusing to answer all ques tions con:cerning her past. She know tihitiiig of those things which we usually knowi, hut. on tile other hail;], knew much of things of which wE are ignorant. Brought up in the Orient, she kniiw all sor:s of Persian and llindoo legends,. which sithe related in a :o,rri tinoue chant, wi it iunlfinite grace. To hear her tell of thie charming dawn of the world, ,1,: wouild have said that she was coutemplrrary with the youthi of the univlrse. O()e day L made tthe remark ltto her. She answered, smil ing : ' I[ anl l., it is true.'" 'I. Safrac, still standingl before tite fire. had been bondnitig diown hi.w'ard ?at for some tiile, in an attitude of the liveliest attentitin. " cOn tinue," lie said. " Several times, my faithllr I questioned Lila in regard to her religion. Site answered lthat shnehal none thallt. she did not iteed atly ; that her mother and her sisters were the daughters of Goid, and that, nevertheless, they were not bound to ilimt by any creed. Site woro, susnendedl round her neck, a nedallion,. filletl awit? a little red earth, which she said she had piously gathered out of love for her imotler." Hardly had prtonounced these words, wlhen HI. S:ifrac. pale arnd tretmbling. bounded for ward and pressed me in his arais. " She spoke the truth ! '" he cried ; "1 know now whllrothis ce:iture 0nas. Jean,?t your ill stinct did not deceive youl. It was not a womau. Finish-fiish-iish, I Leg of you !" '" MI', father. I haveil almst titiashetl. Through love of Leila. I had Ibroken: off tly sorolemn ten gageument. I had ibetrayed sty ,ist friend, I tad ollbiaded Gsd. Pail, taviti.g learnied of Leila's intlidlity. went, wild with grief. lHe tltreatened to kill her, but sthe answered hiln gently: "Try it. my friend; I woull like to die. but I c?n not.' " For six months suhe was lline. T Then, onie si'rniing. sie atinnotuncedi that, she was goingt back to Persia and that. she would see tme ino more. I wept, I1 mosned, I declared that she never loved me. " ' No. no. my friend," hlie replied. gnitly ; i but hois thiante women, who have not loved you any mlore tlhan I lhve ilot givent you that rwhich you have received fronm ile ? You, ait least, owe me sotite gratitude. Adicu !' " I remained two days in aillger alid despair. rheno, iiindful of the salvation if my soul. I lastened to you, my father. I Iam here ; purify, loevate, fortify my heart!--fur 1 love her still ! " H. Safrae remtained thoughtful. his lanld pressed against his forehead. "I\y son," lie raid, at last, "this confirms iny great dis overies ; this will confound the pride of the modern sceptics. Listen to mne: We live !o-day in a time of miracles, as did the first born'n u. Listeu, listen! Adam had, as I told you, " first wife of whom the Bible does not speiak, but with whomt the Taltud mitakes as acquainted. She was called lilithi. Formed not from one of his ribs, but fromn the.red earth rrom which lie hlilself was created, she was sot flesh of his ilesh. She hift hlil of her own ,ree will. lie was still liritng it innocence whlien shi loft him to go to these regions where :he Persians established themlselves long years afterwards and whore dwelt the prueadtamites nore intelllgent and mlore beautiftl than biian. the lid therefore, uti part it the fiault of our irst father and was not sullied by the original tsin; consequently she escaped' the curse pro sounced against Eve arid her poiterity.' She vita exempt from pain and death. Hatvilig no oul to save, she was as incapaible of nlerit as tf demerit. Whatever she does shoe does icither good nor evil. IHcr daughters, born to erfronm a niysterious temet, re isotltortal like surself, and, like hler slie in their actions and in tlleii "liouglisls stciro heycin ifis iithir gtaiti ir' lose before God. Nbir, my sont I riecrgiise, sy infallible signs, tihe creature' whlo caiused our fall.' This Leila was a daiighter oif .ilith. Pray; I will hear you to-itorrow in otfession." He remained thoughtful for asuoment, ther, Irawing a paper from his pocket: Ii con inued : ' Last niglit, after havitng wished you good tight, I received from the lettercarrier, who tad been delayed by the snow, a disagrleable etter. The head vicar writes that my book lhas addened motsoigneur and cast a glooti in his oul over the comling joys of Lent. This ivorlk, e adds, is filled irith daring propositiols arid piiionrs already condemned by the fathers. lisgrace could not approve such unswholesotto ieubrations. That is what tthey write itie. lut I will relate tour adventure to monseigneur; t wall prove to hiii that Lilith exists nsd that do iotdrceam. I bepged ,I. Safrac to listen to me another nosent. "Leila;, my fathier, gave me at part ng a piece of pilpyrus, oni whieh are traced, iith the point of a-stylus, eharacters which L an not read. Hereis tue ainluet." " "i, Safrac took the light sheet swhich i' anded him and exatnmihed it attentively. " This is written in a Porsian latguage oa the :olden a e," he said, after a' momitit, " andid say be translated as follows: SPaiYtLERt OF tLELst, DAIUsHiTEK Ot LI;H. : ' 1,y God, iroatiis to sie death, so 'tat 1 nwr taste life : / My God. ite to' s rrme rse, so thlt I inay fiarti leassurt aly Goil, stole nt likc a the dughftelsa of (, e ] .. . : Friend- ,So you was a ase of love at fir.tsilit ».? . _" ".,F 2. ` .s. Getthere " Yes,: indeed ! I fell des peratoly': ii lone wth my. deari husbiad the imoment I set eye upon him:.:I reiiiemib it as distinctly as if t were yesterday I :was walking~with papa n the beach at St: Kilda, when suddenly p }s stopped- and, pointing him out, said,' Th I, my dear. ia a man worth two ?mHiia Is. c 