THE RIGHT' SORT" 1 a CO!AlIAKC OF' TiE Sir.E-3. i;7 tlzo. EDWAl)D IE' NARD. CiiAPTER Xil.--Dlscu:i:;- iir L' Dn.I' Iu tlhe I cintinim 'ioiler iwai ainnunceid, ?nuI? her an o;portu0-it'- of coliecting hlar 2:.i:, for Coloc,'l -Clin .1r ored hid arm to the \--Z-sf, "r. 11'G rath ei'e forward to cintn a lte, whila Mary W\'itL-:a f:il to this ortiin efl the ifaciiartian C.apt:in Fuller, v io, how c a-.r, hcavi, lo;t a conmid..rabio Eum at hta club in toan on Satuirday ni,:ht-or rather Sundi-ay orarinsi:--h::epeeteed to Ib? in a leIc t'- .-h-.Ily z:id me, taLieturn mood than inial. r littleoreClielulaw.ry hIstle', they ciatetd th, :0velc at table, whoaie ate foundi the enemyc: h.ad ta!k- up ia stroni position on the rihht, i hile a-h. Il'Urath aLnoported the left divilion. "You'rolookug a little palo thi.s veuin,, -iras. Forri;ter," aiid ho. " othin, th,: nm?tter, I hope? You'ro not feeling sccdy i" "A liver attack," 1she rplicd with a cus temaory bluntncs. "Not very serious, ovly requirec plenty of fresh air and exerc;ae. One Teta fat and lazy in the oumm::r. By-thobreo, liLs Brewiar, that -,va a, nic useeful-looking na:v ou werJ riding to-day. Not sa sehowy, perhann, as thlr cheaitnut, but with capital good pointa, and looks lhko a wvear-and-tuar sort of customor." "You've describod him to a nicety," slid lCato in reply. "Tho Duckling i a stout, ionest littlo beiot, nocvr sick or rry, but until Lho ets excited ihclinod to takeo lifo inmost too e.*Siy. 11 lacks th ochestnt's d.ah1." SHave you ever ridden him with a spurt" " o I can't say that I have. To tell tho truth, i feel somewhat afraid of applying it indincriminatoly." " 1O no you wouldn't. You tako my advice, mnd ride him with one, if only for atiin or two. Tho least touch is often Hulilcicnt to roueo a? nluggDlh horeo. They are apt to get c"ininiii -when riddon by ldiesl. cn: d an occasioen remntder does them all tlio good in the world. I know mianly peoplo object to a one-sided spur, and ray it's worco than usoolcs, hbut mny ex criernco in exactly the reverso. I consider it a moat valuablo auxiliary, eopeciilly with a certain class of aniimal." "*' ith! and a better authority does not exist in the whole of Great Britain," interposed Mr. M'Otrath, looking round the table with an erxpresin!i of covitonltn which Bscined to say, "There! I defy unyouo to contradict that statement !" "Nowv, Terry, keeplyournational blarney for thoso who appreciato it," retuerned the old lady Tivaciouqly, " and don't wa:to youraoft nawider upon mo." I'm too ancient for that sert of lting, and pit:t tie market." "ldegaId but it'e ralo unkind that ye are, I.ra. Forreator, mrnvourneen," exclaimcd Mr. =I'Orath, adopting the very stronioat brogue. "And a clever fa3y'mlo like yeru-lf can always command a market." "Thank you, my good friend; you are exceedingly Illttoring, and wrer I a young girl ay head woull bl quito turned with suchl a complimentary speech." "'ihuro, Mra. Fo'rrester, and if yo were but ai ncoe bit spalpacn, it would bu for trying to pernuado yo to become rMrs. Terence M'Urath that I Ohould aSpiro." "IThen it's lucky far you that I am not, and you are deterred from committing so crowning an net of folly," retorted the old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. "'Your heart's too big for your body, T'rry, and as for your common sonso, it is nowhere, so let us change hao subject. Jack," turning to Colonel Clinker, "I'vo got sornething to tell you, something I twas particularly requested by a fair admirer to consult you about. Ate you all attention ?" "Am I not always so when addressed by MIrs. Forrester?" returned he gallntlv. "Who is the lady, and why does she seek advice from so incompetent a person ?" "A great friend of yours, Lady Anne Birkett, and aho is mad about getting up a ladies' ntecplochase. You remember tloro was some talU of doing so last winter, only the project fell to the ground for want of proper backtng. But this year it appears the old Eirl has taken up the affair ron -amore, and has signified his intention of allowing the raco to be run over his land, provided some competent person yourself for instanco-will undertake to choosa a suitable course, and see that the fonces are not too largo and dangerous. It won't do, he says, for the ladies to come to grief, neither w-ill ho allow the thing to be made public in any way, lut it a few of us choose to got it up amongst ourselves, and can ensure some four or live starters, he will present a handsome silver cup to the winner. Now Lady Anno, when cho heard you were coming ero to night, par ticularly askoed me to esok your opinion on this iinmenfotn lsquoeion, and engago,.if possible, your active co-oporation. [, fact, she wants you to becomo thi moving spirit, and takoe thi wholo tbinq in ihnd from lirat to last." "Very kind of Lady Anne, I'm sure. But Who and whalt Is the field to consist of ' Have you any notion ?" "WIhy, tlhro'e Lady Anne herself. Sho'n as ioon as muotard about it, not that she will pomcoss the ghost of a chance of winning, unless Ihe Earl puto lit hand in his pocket and gives ier a decent mount. Miis Palliser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. Hor ambitione spirit would simply rovol in the oxcitement of a race. I lay any money that she jumps at the idea." S" wish the old acarectow would jump off tho hooks. Nasty spitoful creature I hatothe vwry eight of her out hunting I Well, go on, who elseo?" "Then there are irs. Paget and lirs. Phipsn; prhaps one or two others; and lastly, with a Hittl persuasiion- myself." " Yourself? Capital That puts a different complexonn on the matter altogether. Why, overy man in Fooxington would turn out to see tho colbrated Mrs. -Forrostor como galloping in between the llaga on a winning mount. Wo uhal!l have another feather added to your cap yet.n" "Or another censorious dart placed in the lhaids of my enemies," said Mrs. Forrester, whose eyes failed to be completely blinded by the honour and glory of this redoubtable prospect. " I shall be called an old fool formy ainm and not without someo how of reason, for what's the use of going gallivanting over a country at my time of lifo? IHowover, Lady Anno left me no peace until I half promised her I would make one of the number." "And quito right too; tho race would corm but .a very half-hearted offair without your support." "Oh, nonsense, Jack; things would go on exactly tho same. Only I help to owcel the rauk of lunatics, and tho more the merrior. Porhab is Mien Browner may be induced to tako part in the proceedings. What say you?" appealing to Kite. "Will you throw in your lot with our diring hand of hiorosewomen ?'" "Thero'o nothing in the world I should like Iitter," anwrrred she, witn glistening ogo.. hho Id alroeady nictured to herself the gloriouo ,onaation of pilotiugKiiug Olaf past the wining peat, and had listono:l broathloeoly to orcrything that had passod between Mrs. Forrestor and Colonel Clinker. "itt," she added rather lamely, catching an oexproaeion of stern dis approval on IMary Whitbrcad'n face, oppositoe, "W *ell, what?" interrupted Jack; Clinker. 'on't beo afr-aid to mention ann scruples you may entertain. Perlnaps," and Kato fancied Eho could detcct tho loeat posibloe sneer, "tho project appearn too dangorou, l inLd if so, my Nyiunpithils are on your sldo olto;aother." "Your iynpathlhic are entirely mtmplnccd," eola rshe tartly, feeling deoply vounldcdby any impllcation on hlier courage. " I nnl not uitceao tloi?d l n you tsoit. to imonine, anld waco not dciezrcd ly tlho pocsibin danger ; only," uathlr io'g confidrnco, "hnounld not wo bo apt to ceacodclior tha good poopi,l of the neiahbour. esood, and makoe ourselves eomoewat con "Yonu are right, Miss irewvocr, and dinplay oaund wisdom in being afraid of their cormento. nro doubt you will gain a vary bakd namo." tio wa laughing ar t her, and sine couad not eaduro chaff from lim, of all peopei in hino -.'rld, when up to ths moment ho nad nore or Ientigoored her exiteneco, and otuifiouisly nd dress-ed all lis cooercalot to 5ira. Forreater. S"I dl sih, you worilil notemploy that saord ' oafreid,' " slie said irritably. "I deocet itl and onco for all lot me tell you I'm snot afraid of anything, ccrlainly not of a few ill-natured acmahsofromin pcpllo who are perfect Strangecr ola m. So pleo?o bhnioh the idea from your "ind." " Tho beauty ctfit i," said arro. I'orrcter intcrvcnning, " leople can't talk, for niobody il ato now ainyttinog about the race oausido our awisimemcdiat circle, and mnobhieshis:n ringns so spremo th:at wrinin follus hear the Earl of Ztuntinsheiro he btcu tioe chief pisron nrdi supTorter of it, BC ircCly a dieenticul vorio will 3' raiced. In order to anintaina as rncch 'erivscy as ploicillIc, ho propor'o thilt venu tho -lacs of mcclie.a -houli lia kept a prcfo-and -ccret, and only slio]ille:d nou:n f,-our-nnol toicnty hours rftrer c t!i6 rtio. ieorovcr. my eri.i" hnrving Lhntoly toly nai -lic ae. " ,eo sclcteoaeyryeodyto plc, o themscrlyc, ami if yors oave tho least hcoiation about ri:dize do enot ac=--unla toeay eo." "icier, hbe'r :" cnhilcd ITonbe. Jaeh o.p -aicdCe. prin` ly; l"Cloru's toy eantimenrts, and i lI )were you, oa Br towsner, I should dcline." "i out you arcurlt me," hso retorted in na undortone " and i ll I declin_ ii tLa advic?o o grat 'it ?~o; o!?ridp. P?h:oa youe ill allow m1 to judfor mye0lf, nd," lio0g1 roundo with nato r of dciLanoa .ni speal:in; aloud, "my mind ia r-od up. I intend to comtpete, 'ineu :Ir. 7Forrlst r has; Li aotiod enough to a'k mo too do co." "That' ight, mos dear:" exsiai-sd the. ldy appro'viogly. "I told L.dy ne oo I lt hnImost cure you would join our p a.rtd; hc:ipi., it wou0l0 o. a 11iao e i'ot to :1v0 tli t- lcutiful cheoanut an o opoolunity of clowino: us all his hcel. oie oughoit to hav0o a u ucovnoly good cha:oe. of e..inn . e :n he sta- -" " Ie+, I tlh.'O o," oan ,-ed Kato m'ore p?l-cidly. " sav -ou heard what the dioance l s to L,?" a!' e0: Colonlc Clinker. "So much d, rends upon that, egpecially with untrained LorCee, Oeneoally a3 fat a eso many Lullocks. I ahould coy a two to a two and a-halt mileo co-urs;e wcoulld b aomply outiicicut. A lonugar one will only Give r[0 o to a variety of mi:dshlps. I lay t on ton La lliser ccone3 in as blown at, a i verpool chaier." " Well, all ouch dot. ils will probably bo left toyou to decido," slad lIrj. Forrester. " Lady 0Anne wantJ you to go over the first day you canl in order to cettlt proliminuaricr. You know, tho big ograt ?-lnisho, within half a mile of tihe Castle? There was soma tallk of makinal one of theon tho starting-point. But you will settlo all that, since everything is to be placed in your hands." " An ecceodingly invidious honoul`r, pretty suro to call down on my devoted head no eold of abuos. I never know the mano yet who iundertook to uiarIk out a otooplochase coltrs0 that did not come in for almost univelsal con delmnation. The rider considoer the obotacles too largo, the public think them too small ; the one finds fault with thu distance, the other complains of its brovity; and os they go on. It's imoossiblo to satiofy everybody, oven under the most favourablo conditions: but whoo it cornea to pleaoing halfotf.dozonu Idies, and providing both! for their safety and amuonsc monr:t, I colnfecr to solutinkolg from euch a dillicult ant dolicato nidertalhing. It already :weighs upon my mind likoe an incubus.' lon ,agino the trencndous responsibility of selecting the feuco3, whlln I think at each particular one that 0ome frail-limbed woman inay come to griof over it. I don't fancy the job in the least, acild nothing but my fri.ndo.hip for Lady Anllo would inducie 0i0 to countenance it for one mlinulte. However, since you ladices ap poar resolvcd, put me out of euapcuso at once by telling meo when the celebrated femalo l'oxiugto steoplochaso is likely to com0 e off?" "I won't have you speoak of our purposo in that disp iragiua planner," said irao. lForrester roiroovingly. 'i And I back tthe ladies to acquit themselves quito as creditably as if they were men, Now, Jock, doln't ho disagrecablo, for if you begin by giving yourself aira and turnilg up your none ill disdain the whole thing will collasna, and Lady Anne bo tlorioly dis alpointoed." I shoull to sorry to dieappointiherladyship. Sho's a real good sort, and I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little service that happened to be in my power. Ils ashe fixed the time?" "Oh dear no I In fact the idea oas only just booeen broached. But I fancy she wants the race to colme oil pretty soon, probably about the bleginning of December, but any way before 'Parliament. Their plans after Christmas are generally rather unsettled." "The hoorses will have to be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional authority. "That is a sine 0l50d r,0on. I sulpoeo you are prepared to put the chestnut into regular work, Miss Browaor ?" "I eally," afid she, " I have hardly thought of it yet. Won't that mean losing his services in the hunting fiolo altogether? And just at present I ame too short of horses to be able to dispense withl my best one." ' Short, are you?" interrupted IMrs. Forreator who seldom allowed the chance of doing a little business to go by unmolested. "Aro you on the look out for another? Bo-e cause it no, I wish to dispose of an animal that would suit you down to the ground and carry you just like a bird. He's a bay, rising seven, and a first-rate fencer, as the Colonel there will toll you. As a rule I dislike selling to friends, but the Poer is a bond fldh article, that I am only parting with owing to oaveral younger horoca coming on. Ito's a mLade hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, the prico I'm asking for him." It flashod through lKato's mind that if the Peer were really no good as reproaented, it seemed hardly worth tMrs. Forrcester's while to sell him at the very commencement of the season, but she was not aware that his original price seas twenty-fivo guineas, and that for a proeit of a hundrcd pounds the lady would havo parted with every animal in her atable. " You are very kind," she answeroed diplo natically, thinldng it well not to appoear too keen. "i ny poruably havoe to sulrcomaoo no extra horse or two later on, but just now I am in no particular hurry for a fow weeks." "May I be allowed to offer another piece of advice, in spite of the rovero ciubbing you took occasion to administer a short time ago," whisporod Colonel Clinker a second or two later, when their hostes'e attention was en gaged in another quarter. " Cortuinly," said Kate, feeoling rather con scious of the rebuke, but still somewhat our prised at the requost. "What in it ?" " Don't you let yourself be persuaded to buy any of Mro. F'orrester's horscs, that's ail. She's a dear old coul, and I'm awfully fond of her, but I should be sorry to see one of her so called 'made hunters' palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or have I once more com mitted an offence ?" "Not at all, but please explain what is your meaning?" "Why, you see Mrs. Forrester is both able and clover. She rides awful brutes, and manages to got rid of them to advantage some how. But they aro not suited to other ladies, and therefore I should be sorry to see you buy one. Purchase a horse 1 ith lires. Forrester if you likeo-there is no better judge ill England, when the cheqlue comes out of eoohbady oleo's book-but not of her. The risk, nine times out of ton, Is too great." "She must be a wonderful rid.er!~ said Kate. " That's exactly what she is, but I should grieve to sneo a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and IU now the Peer would not suit you." "I'm not so young as all that. I was twenty-two last birlthday," said Kato, impelled to make the statement by a species of brusque honesty, characteristic of her diaposition. " A mere child," said he looking at her and thinkiog how much too young she was to face the world alone. Isi noticed also bho bright and largo helor eyes were, and hlow purfect the poso of the small head. "You are not angry with me for what I have sid ?" he askod, fooling as if ho should lil:oke to be good friends with her in the future. 'I have not annoyed you /lit time, hlavo IF?" Slo hesitated for a socond and then said 00 No." " I Inow how independent you are," he con tinued apologotically, "and half feared you might resent omy interference." - " People osg/to to he idoloendeant, and ablo to ohift for themselves in this world." " I entirely agreo, co far as o0r ex I o con cornoed, but in yours it becomes a question wheother independenc may not be caried to too great an extent-whether it is not apt to give wromen a certain brusouences and hard. nos, scarcely in harmony with their chlaracter, at least fromi a manly point of view ?" The snentce wm uttorl willthout any psrticular in tention, habut euriously eough oKate chos toput a personal- construction upon it, and the pirit of opposition once mor re grow rie within " Oh!" ohoe said flippanutly, " I supposle you are litkeo most other mno, rand care only for the prtty bluo ycd, flaxoen-.haired, doll type, which look to youo and wecrlip ou iok dotmigodds. Lrains don't signify :tho fooer tbhe better, for then dolly is Ies3 likely to see tlRwe in her idol, or to detect that what she takes for pure metol is nothing buot a baoso alloy. These cringihg, litcheno-like creatucres appeal to a man's vanity if not to his nobler iuntoncts, and in retrno they ae roewarrdedl by a luke warm, hrlf-cantemsptuous afiocotion. The naturalposition of thiogs is roverted, and c'eO l'hono.,c-qoi sso l, o on aimo, pso o lao oue! It ease a great beal oh trouble, and the limpoto make excellent and obedient wives. They at any rate are not looindependent." o" Yot are iwoepinc in your condemnations. M1i3s lIrowsec. Luckily for mne, hoevver, I have escapeo the wiles of these beauloiful, hbiut inano playthings of whom you speak. MIntri mony lf an cOxpenoive luxury, rather super fluous than otherwise in osy estimation,. especohlly norwaday, when young ladico e.pend , modoraecto fortune ou their clothen, and the dre.omas:er's bill wou!d nearly cover the exs pcnreS of a ecs:oon'- huntilRg. A mno must either he very lol, very riclh, or very, very foolisho to unolertako the modreo girl of the pcriod." " Gil of thosperiod, in.deed ! What an odiouns expl0 0nlo0l Juust a if thcrO wereC not huodroedo and hundredos of nico, qbict, 0en-ible girls aLout, if on!ly the m:en h::00 clnse c:l; ogh to apnr:eciaoo thess! Ifntecod o o which, tecausso their frock oFpenos to to n lit!, Il:shi: lld tl:l fashi on, cr their barta countroLy mo:.o, tid soo ir 0 lI0ove a rica or tfo tos biig, they cal tbhoe;u frumps, uys, a dowdi, ver nm under Lin te in.'hy ahonld we all ybn judged by our oa?r ;rtrraents to such a ridiculous extentt a to veil our oyca to inward merit ?i' An?v.'r mu th quel; ti0n if you cal." " £et I cal't." It's much too abstruse for my fc:bl. comprcehle io ." W ell, tloe, do you lelie0v in the lair of demand ad t Lan ply ? Are you by anny chanco a political econo'uist ?"' A political ecoomic t indleed Why, h my d earILa Isrow,,er, I am not even w :dometie one, and lind it ltaI: ib to liractio thalt virtueo at homno. A pce' d:..il like I my lif, ho?d ov.r ca::r in debt, has quite enou; 0h, and more thou enough, to do in mindn, hi; own afyair:, w;ittout bothiring about t!hoio of the natfion."' " Ah' you don't under:tald lie. W'1.at I mea"lt was c':iply this. You 'men 1; it ta Ldy ompllaia of t1he gir!. You cay thay are fajt, frivolouo, and cxtreiva.gant. Well, I:a'!; in their defence, who 0 make the girl; " o if not the mon t.hem·ie?Vc , Th'Piy creato a deomalrd for a certain stylo of Voemaru, and that deman.l is promptly supplied in order to gratify their tastes, If there wLas no demaand, thlsl'10 would ho no nupply. It il merely a fundamentall la:: of natur'--that's :'ll. In support of my theory, e1nter any ball-roonli almost that you liko, and you will ,o rowe upon ronso of quiet, goo, girla sitting partnorless by their' haperones, while the loud, noisy, fast ones have nearly every 1rlan in the place dangjing after them. Tiru, the lords of creation noay return to their homec, and after devoting themLsulves all the eovning to Mrs. A. or lIi?s 13., declaro they thank heaven theiraiste1r, wit, dllun'lltor, as tlhe ca;o may Lo, do3s not relemble thni divinity, but wvith what result ? Why their belongings, w1ho probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after it bit begin to mal:o comparisons. That toageo onc reached, the end 00on ap proaches. Theoy lintd that if they paint their cehoo0ks, dres showily, talk irmmodestly, and altogother are ' bad form,' they, too, becomo a centro of attraction, nd ineed no longer sit in retired corners alone, I choewing the biter cud' of desertion and ie:olation. Thsy bozomo difflercnt Leln1n, but y0ou incil 01013 are to bla:no for their dlc11 lieration, tlihough in the sorda of that arch-nelak Adam, when t1he misichiof is do0ne you turn round Iaind say, 1 It's inot mo, it's the womnan.' " Shelo had forgotote where sh-o was, and who she was lpeallnlg to, bLin:g carried as'way by the bitter car?inelstnc of her subject. Unlikeo tno111y girli of her age, sheo ha1d soen a great deal of the world, and that under such peculiar circumlstanecc as to render her lnusually clear sighted. Iler cheeks1 now were 0 lushed, and her whole face sparkling with animation, and Colonel Clinker, looking at her in a3tonisOl. mrent, could not restrai hiis admiration. lieo dearly loved a highly-mettled steed, and Kato in this glowing naood reminded him of somo gallant and spirited young creature. IIo had lever mnot any one like her before, no clover, so original, land yet no Ilhonest and si0mple. She impressed hirn by her strength of character as well na by her good looks. And he himself p1os1ese0d a Otrain of caldour which forced hliln, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the hllrtcomings of his class thus roulndly taken to task ly so young a girl, to acl:nowleldge in great measure the truth of what she said. It began dinmly to dawn upon his mind that it was just po1100ibl th world mlight contain better things oven than horno-racing and horso riding, andu that a dear little womarn at his own fireside might possibly exercise a Inare salutary influence over im than did the life of restleos excitement h1e wa0 in the habit of leading-a lifo of wuoted ability andi unprofitableo 1e1 sores, whose only results consisted in embar rassing his father's old age, and squandering the patrimony he otherwise might have in herited. Tle child, this outspoken girl, with her honest voice, fearless eyes, and darin, opinions, clad in her l11plo white gown, hai appealed most strangely to his better nature, raining in him sudldenly a vague unsatisfllied longing after nobler things, Such sonsations eenmed too unreal to be encouraged-only a passing weakuness-to beo crushed in its infancy, sueh as the night of a pretty woman, the glance of an eye. the turn of a head, will often give rie to. 'With a forced luhgh and a nigh ho roused himself from his meditations. " You are a hard hitter," M'iss BIrowsor, he answered, " and I scarcely know how to de. fond my oex against no forcible an attack. You speak, howover, as if your own Ox periouce bad been unfortunate. At twenty. two one's views o1 manklind and one's knowledge of its doeficiencies are not generally so matured." Ngato coloured up to the very roots of her hair. " Yes," shn said, aftor a pauso, while her voico quivered slightly, ' you are right. I have been unfortunate in m1y experienco, but please do not lot us talk about it." It" ore, Terry I" cried Colonel Clinker to his fr;end, with ready tact, occing the conver. nation evidently began to distress her, " como to the rescuo, and heol 1110no to defend myself iu;atug t Lthis young lady's shafts of sarealm. We men as .a body have been catching it terribly hot all round. Catn't you say some thineg nc:at on our behalf F I never came Out head of the clase in argument, but you're a. real tiptopper at It." ?"I should not dream of contradicting a lady," said Mr. M'Grath politely, in aonswer to this appeal. " Bless their dooear hearts ! I loveo the'n all!" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at the top of hin voice, with a hearty oepansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusoment that the conversation onco more bocamo general, until M'rs. Forrolter made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at the end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to loso its equilibrium and to roll sidoways on to the floor. " Now you young men," said she impres sively, ans ho dived under the mahogany in scarch of tho missing article, and suddenly camo in contact with MIr. I'Grath, boet on a similar errand, " you're to make hasto, and not nit drinking and smoking all the res, of the evening, We want you to amuse its, and not tlOllra'elc's, for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cards by-and-bye." The gentlemen, thus admonished, mado the most solemn promises not oven to allow the charms of tobacco, wino, and anecdote to detain them, which promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a 0quar1r of an hour. elalunwhilo Mrs. Iorreoter had not been idle. With the ansltanceo of the two girls she cleared the contre table of its books and covering, and placed four shaded candles in their stead, ready for a start. In thorough harmony with the eporting side of her character, the old lady dearly lovel a quiet" gamble," and ono long as it did not go beyond a certain limit, it afforded her the heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though that catisfac. Stion was a trillo lcoa apparent when she herself was called upon to dinurseo. " Can you and Misa Whitbread play nap or poker?" she intouired of thle two girls. "' They are our great garues, though I set my fac against anything hIligher than threepennly points. S8till, theseo are rcaiting enough." "I don't think Mary knows either game," naid Kate, answering for both. " Ase for myself, I havo played a few times only, Just sufficient to master the first very elementary rules, and to appreciate the value of a flush or full hand." "1Ah, I nee you are a0r f1ir, and any little mistake you commit some o0 the gentlemen will easoily correct. Mr. Grahame," addresoing that individual, who was shyly warming the small of his back before the fire and caressing an in visible tlaxen moustacho with great noblcitude, "you'll bank with MIios Whitbread, wvon't you?" TIb Chlirper thus appealed to started vio. lently, turned crimson with confusion, but crprecJed his oextromo willingneass to asscnt to the propoual. Ito had sat by Mary Whitbread's side (during dinner, and had been fairly Mtoninhed at his ow01 garrullty. FIor once he hal come across a girl who did not alarm or act her cop at him, hut who listened with becoming attcntion to his overy utterance, and who nttcnded to the narrative of hi personal offairs wsithl an interest as genuine ae it w000 charming. Te10 young people hadl no objection whlatever to being p:uired off at cards, nnd began counting their countcro with amicable gralvity. Not no Kate, lwho lwhes naked by hirs. l'orrester if she wouldl condescend to plny with Colonel Clinker, said in the most marked monner- "Thank you, SMrs. Forrester. I prefer my indepcndenco and disil;:, all partnerships, pre ferr:ng to stand or fall alone." ," Mino trewcr is quite right," said 1e ironl. c.llly, "allianc sre nralways to be anoided, esnoeially between people so dio.imilar in chbs racter 0a our;elves. WVo sh0nld fla?ht like cat and dog ov0r some miserable rubbishy hand. Weo wo are better 0apart." There wao no getting over him. Every remlrk she mde hoe FromItly capped, anil hitherto she hbad Le:n decidedly wocrsctd in eachi reparatoencounter. i Yea, far bolter apart," h11 sarid with a totns of the hood. "It in fortunate that for once we ar , ftf. fortunate," ha echood, ,lt inwardly he excllnled, " d1e0o take tihe girl! WhI-t tho devil deco she me10.n withl her partnoleripll? Ieco sIloe Ouppre? I want to forc0e my0n0·1 up11n her, or io it nothling but her infernal contelo?" And atle, on her 1ide, thought, " I neovero rt anyo 10 0 o I oribly or.catic in all I my life. I dcn' tlike tin- oo it, run:ld yet he can be nico c:I;oGah when ho chocoe. Ihoweover1 'C iC h-a vi clil y tw l ay fo tox --mar !iatbi b to tt ' So tho two antitngatits :at and glowered ti 1 cach other acroez thl green baiza cloth, ant a I lpayel ca alt! ~ort. of foolioh hnda, jult for th: cake of onCwilict, lut ati- t;L . tnc a tc I it cl, andt they conutcd no tLr ::_, thIl gain to ntithtr Irty i hs d j tol +''+- | "I thintk swd better coat to uy tol ly iatch t neitt ilm l g nx ,o ply -l +hhr, Laid Colonel Hlklier "We c' ? o :l l t c 1 cle?an broke hload we ;r ou O on at ti. !rat? , :n111d had it not b;cn for thie liu.t,' Tho girlf h:l dU Ieal thor mutt to goie , and he mouadot e f::, r'- :c in ::n und :rtot,a , when ho folloutrsi tl.ta into the bhall and iw:pid at?a ca ,ith hor clo:ak. Hi voice ,asundledi ot in Ih ear.s. It hd a peculna tisIbrOh;l:icI toltchcd her in seita of herilf, and he looked to thorouhily manly and gelntl=manly al lho ad thcro, pretending to funtblle over her cloak, tha:t ch sraid in reply, 1 with all the indiffeornce she could a 1 umeo. "Veory well, wa' will avoil the bankruptcy court if posil!o, cl: our creditors might have a rough timo of it." Was it not an unfortunatei coincidence that thotm two, even although unintentionally, al ways contrived to r¢ound earch other on their tenderest points. Kato had been innocent of any evil intention, noverthe lesa Jack Clinker'a feelings wore sorely hurt by what he imagined was nmarked refer ence to hi. peoouniary diflicultico. " That was a nasty speehb, Minss Brecweor," he said coldly. " You don't liko my advico, for the third time this evening I tender it. You are fond of hitting the right nail on tho head, but take care you don't got into the habit of striking it too hard. It's an evil and un 1:ind practice, apt to grow unawares upon those w!ho indulgo in it." And now suddenly she remembered what Dilrs. Forrestcr had told her of his fluiancial embarrassments, and the construction he had evidently put upon her words grow clear to her mind. "Oh !" she cried hastily, while a tluih of rbemredyed her £0oe, " I did not I11me.il it. I'm1 so sorry-no awfully corry. Will you over for. lHis brow cleared at once. " Never mind," he said, in quliit t dilfferent tone. "It was my fault. " I'm ai stuid fool to ble so hufy. Gaod-byo, i?e n Browser," IVo landed her into the carriago, shut the door, aid then addol persuasively, "You'll lot ime come and oOc you, won't yoil ? She could not havo told herself ?halt was the instinct that induccd her too look hint sttraight in the face with a smile and say " Ye." After all he could be nice when lie chose ; and though she was in no d.iugor of falling at victim to his fiascinations, 1hlo began to understand that Mras. Forrester had spoken truly when silhe declared Jack Clinker to be a dangerousr man. SIlo had not acted qluite as stll, had intended throughout the evening. BIlt thero .waa rno fear of his lproving dangerous to her-not the least. That was quite a different thing. Meantime PtIr. MI'(irath was holding 2a pri vato conference with hio frield MIrs. Forrotder. " WeVll," said he, in an anxious whisper, "how do you think they are getting on? It struck me it was ruther a slip inl the face for poor Jack when sihe turned roun d a told him she detested partnerships I Wihat do you sup. poe sheo melluthy it ?" "Oh, nothing," answcred Mrs. Forrester, soothingly. "She runs a bit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the hash, you know, and slio show;ed some temper. Nothing more than might have Sbeen expected, however." IVhich declaration was a highly nmaglnani 11ous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester lhad not impar'ted to Ir. IMcGrathl the manner in which she had betrayed his confidences. " llt do you think mattera are progressing satisfactorily'?"' id he. "Admirably; how could they possibly to goingon botter? Why, they (lid nothing the whole evening but spar and quarrel like two great ovorgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What on earth would you have more?" "I don't know. Do you call Equabbling a good lgn ?" "A good sign? Yes, certainly; I tellyouit's a capital ono!'" " Don't you consider it looks somewhat like a cane of mutual avorsion P" "Terry, you're really a very simple indi. vidual. I toll you it's no such thing. It's the law of attraction and gravitation which makes warring elements unite. VWhy, where's your natural history, man ?" "I W?ll," said Terry, but half-couvinced, " you may be right. You'ro a clover woman, IMra. Forrentcr; but it's not the way the bhys do their courting in Ireland. Love-making there is done at the first intent, so to speak, and does not require all this beating about the bush and groping in subterranenu alleys." "Subterirnean alloys \Vhat nonsense oni're talling, Terry." " It'll true. tlholgl, all the same. In our oouutry the boya make up to the girls in a etraightforward faohion, and give them a slap ping good kiss on the check without all this roundabout sort of palaver.'" " And a slapping good snub Jack would got for his paiou it howero to try that game on. No, no, Terry, oako up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly followed on all occalions; and believe, besides, that most women are not won in that plough boymanner. They like what you call ' round about palavor.'" " Well, it beats me altogether, and I give it up as a bad job. All I can say it, aptearances are not entirely satisfactory." And I tell you the appearances are ecxcod ing satisfactory, could not be more so, in fact; and that you know no more about the ways of ' a man and a maid' than my old tabby cat there," pointing to one on the rug. With which remark she bade him farewell; and, having turned her guests out of doors, retired toreot, well pleased with what she considered hid proved a mostsuccessful evening. The Ifonble. Jack Clinker, at all times subject to curious fancie,, took it into his head to walk home, and firmly declined the com panionship even of Mr. ll'Grath. S bho put on his greatcoat, lighted a cigar, and trudged awaysteodily. Tho yellowmoon shonol ike a clear sphere it the dark heavenos, anon brighton ing all the landscape, and making the trees and hedgoerowa stand out in delicate sillroucte, again hiding away behind a mass of heavy c!oud, while ths merry stars twinkled and pllayed at hide and seek in their far-off homes. " Only twenty two,'' said he, pursuing a train of reflection evidently uppermost in his thoughts, " mid hates partnerships I Dash it all I It's not naturalat that ago to talk lihke a woman of the world. Siho Said her experience had been unfortunate. I wonder how and in what way V I'd give a pony to know the story of her life. She must have been disappointed orbadly treated some timoe orother. l'erhlapo it was somned-d fellow, which in the rcaon she's so awfully hard on the reat of us. Poor Slittle soul! IIow pretty she lookcd when nshe was laying down the law. She roeminded 1me of a snowdrop in hear white frock, and hier eyes sparkled just like two jtwele. Talk of dolls, indeed ! Thero's mighty little of the doll ablout her I Whlata spirt sho has got, and yes-' with a smile, " what a tourue asw ell. Neverm:nd, ilfter all she meano no harmt biy it, nud her heart is in tle right place. I don't thinuk your milk-and-watery creaturo would suit me in the Iong run. One soon tires of thorn, just as aho said. Now thereO would le no sameness, no monotony about her. She'd keep a man up to thu muark, and prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why, she made coven 1e--alr--Jack Clinker-feecl incilled to turn over a now loaf, and regre the panst. I w0onder, now, whether it wiould be possible to blgin a freoh and kick clear of thie ol0 groove P Things can't last much looger as tihey'ro doing. A smash cooner or lateris itovitable. lihaw ! what a fo tam to bo euro ! Ican't think what's coino to me to-night, or whvbt has put such ideas ilto my head. It's rot likely a girl ol Miss Isrowaer'a wealth, eurronnded, too, with every luxlry, would over c re for a poor devillike myself. Enough of stlch nounsene. 'These confounded state malke a fellow maudlin." Ie pufftedvigorously at his cigar, and looked up ilto the cool, dark sky. The soft nigiht air. laden with moisturo, kisedll his clheek, and ecomcd to lull his Ecnoce to reOt. The ieacO of Snature shed lher charm arolund him, sinking lotty ovcry-day worries and actions into ta iviaity. " What on awfully jolly evening !" he soliloquised oncc more, kniocling the ith away from his nearly tmoked HIavannah. "It Imitael one feel inclined to wander about all night, dreaming of halfflodged thoughts and wr?cho. \Were it not for that bIotherinfig tuoloy I have everythlling a mann could want-goodl rilthelr, polsition, health, friendl, and 1p!rite and yet, over7 now anud atlain tliero enocms to crop up a clrious void. just as thiero did this evlenling. I wonder what it in, and whly on earth that girl in her wihit, frock miade uchI an0 imprc.~ion upon me. IHeigh-ho! It'u a funny, uncatisfactory world in many ways !" And with t11i inoriginal conclahien to hic moraalesilg. Jack Clinkiar found hiltm-lf athand by bia own hall-door, 0which ho rntered with aI litch-key, ndl making Ia 1ad eadachn lh n 11.1 - cu-s for not .ittiug un~ to the a1m=Il hour of the mrnin', diiruaina t.ne evening's evCl nt t ver brandy and noda with Tcrencoc M'G-oth, hIt went up- stairo at onco. ilo did nost caro to listen to hic iricadt'l op lniuon of " that smart young wcoon- in white,." lIe coulo falc-y STerry s lug~ taa very wor~ds; anti ha vas in nu 1 of thoun fijiidious, ui,-aitein iriuods whbu: cout tmtmt era llit to ba dhlist.:·ful, En thicrcforo unLraciailr i r .c::icl1, nd r"hn (o,1u'a di-o' a Aru no hi 3,, ru vý tVat c'.a.' irri · " banter jarl, g-aci dý:l t'S w ..'ter nf l' `'·' cr Y.lv Goc J·:1 7;).}-~ Z~r 