SYDNEY DEPOSIT BANK. Trial of Richardson. The hearing of the case against Thomas Smith Richardson, late manager of tho Syduey Deposit Bank, was continued at the Quarter Sessions to-day. The indictment sets forth that Thomas rtnifll usnllflti/lliimi nn tmu.mi id i.ivnuiuowu uiuj uu URUUUijr before Henry Gorman, a' justice of the peace, make on oath a false statement, viz., that to tho best of his knowledge uud belief tho general abstract showing the average amount of the liabilities and assets of the Sydney Deposit Bank taken from the several weekly statements during the quarter end ing December 27 was a true and faithful statement, he, tho said Thomas Smith Richardson, then knowing the same to be false. Mr. Merewether and Mr. Garland, in structed by Mr. W. R. Beaver, clerk of the peace, conducted the prosecution, and Mr. J. H. Want, Q.C., and Mr. Wagner, in structed by Stephen and Ickerson, appeared for the accused. William Neaves stated that he became bankrupt in 1890, and had had dealings with the bank previous to th'jit time. George Frederick Young, , formerly secre tary of the company, gave evidence as to his connection with the company. To Mr. Want: Ho did nut consider Richardson nu accountant. Richardson told him that the laud next to tho Bram- Bhott Estate hud been sold at £3 a foot. Dan ml Megarvey, grocer's assistant, stated that Richardson had u room at Turpin and Brian's, in.wliicli a theatrical wardrobe was stored. i Charles F. .' W. Lloyd, auctioneer and valuator, had Valued the wardrobe on March 11 at £20. The wardrobe was in a very bad condition. He had sold tho fittings of tho offices of the Sydney Deposit Bank for the official assignee. There was a good attendance, and the prices realised were very good. The fittings were sold for £278. There were two safes not sold, and lie valuod them at £50. To Mr. Want: He was not surprised to hear that the fittings had cose £300, and he would think that £300 would have been the price of one of the safes that he had sold for £57. There were a. number of scores of different operas. The dress of the ghost in "Hamlet" would not be of much value to him. He would not bo surprised to know that the scores of the operas had cost £500. Richard Kirk stated that Richardson's shares in a certain gold-inining company were forfeited on October 7, 1891. The shares were held back from auction for some time, and when put up for sale there was no bid for them. To Mr. Want : Richardson had taken over the property three months before he (witness) went insolvent. The building had originally cost £4000. Grace James, owner oi the rink, stated that she had agreed to Burno handing the lease of the rink to Richardson. Henry Gorman, re-called, knew the Bramshott Estate, Cook's Rivet. He valued the estate in September, 1889, at £150 an acre, or £15,000 for the estate. In December, 1891, he would have valued it at £10,000. Land reached its highest value iu the middle of 1S89, that being the time the land boom was at its height. The value had depreciated during the last six months iu suburban lots from 25 to 40 per cent. To Mr. Want : The Harcourt Estate would have improved the value of the Bramshott property at the time the Har court Estate was laid out. The Marrick- ville-Burwood-road railway would increase the value of the estate. Edward M. Burne stated that he became insolvent at the end of 1889. His assets were £5, and liabilities' £900. He had bought the business of a skating rink for £600 from a Mr. Goodwin. He had carried it on for eight or nine months, when Richard- sou took it over from him. He was then £300 iu Richardson's debt. Rich ardson had not proved iii his estate. Alexander Gregg, of Richardson and Wrench, valued the Bramshott Estate in May, 1888, at £8000. The Harcourt Estate he considered a drug on the market. To Mr. Want: It was very difficult to put a value on suburban laud at the present time. This closed the ooso for the Crown. At this stage Mr. Want raised a point. He quoted the law on the subject, which was to the effect that the section of the Act under which his client was being pro. secuted only required that he should swear to the correctness of the quarterly abstract as taken from the weekly statements. He argued that even if the weekly statements were false, as long as the abstract was made up from those statements and sworn to, that section of the' Act under which Richardson was being prosecuted did not set it down as an offence. He admitted that the Act was defective. His Honor suid he would not decide the point, but would allow Mr. Waut to state a ease for tho Supreme Court dt a later stage ofthe case. For the defence Mr. George Pile (of Messrs. Mills and Pile) gave valuations of the estates held by Richardson. Thomas Simpson Drinkwater, accountant of the bank, stated that Richardson' had nothing to do with the books. He (witness) had had 25 years' experience in the leading banks of the colony, and the books of the Sydney Deposit Bank were kept in a similar manner to those of other banks. Proceeding. 