COMICALITIES. A Painstaking Man — A dentist. Startling i iguees. — Ghosts. _ A horse may pull with all his might, hut never with his mane. Leap Year. — Rosalie : " What did Jack say when you proposed to him?" Grace: "He was too frightened to say anything— so silence gave consent." When a washerwoman changes her place of residence, one may ask her, u where she hangs out now " without using slang. Ancient Fbmat.e : " How much would 'you take me for?" 'Cute Photographer : "About four-and-twenty, mum." He got the j ob. A poet asks: "What is warmer than a woman's love?" We infer that he never picked up a newly-coined horseshoe fresh from the forge. Magistrate: " If I let you off this time will you promise not to come back here again?" Prisoner: "Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn't come voluntarily this time." He (very tenderly) : " Darling, you are the only girl I «ver loved." She (coqnettishly): "Oh, pshaw! You can't imagine how much fun you have missed." " Waiter, this steak is much smaller than the one I had yesterday' How's that?" "Oh, it comes from a smaller ox." " You Bay I was born in London, pa. Where was mother born?" "In Dublin." "And where were you born, pa ?" "In Gloucester." " It's very strange, pa, isn't it, that we three should have met?" He : " Mildred, will you be my wife?" She : "Well, not to-day." He: " Oh, Mildred, how can you speak so flippantly?" She: "Flippantly? How do you suppose I could possibly be your wife to-day? I should want at least two weeks to get ready in," A young dandy, from the town, once made the acquaintance of a pretty and lovely milk maid, and being greatly enamoured with her charms, he went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeing her. Not knowing the fair creature's name — for, like all flirts, she had given him some half-dozen different oneB — he asked the sour-looking' man who was stacking manure in the yard, " How's the milk maid ?" The man did not think be was referring to Mary, the milkmaid, but only meant fooling him, so he replied, " My young buck, us don't make our milk— us gets it from the cows." Alexander Dumas was one day the guest of Dr. Gistal, a leading practitioner m Marseilles. After dfcraer, while the coffee was being handed round tne host requested the great novelist to enrich his album with one of his witty impro visations. " Certainly," replied Dumas, with a smile ; and drawing out a pencil, he wrote, under the eyes of his entertainer, thfe following lines: Since Dr. Gistal came to our town To cure diseases casual and hereditary, The hospital has been pulled down "You flatterer!" here exclaimed the doctor, mightily pleased ; but the poet went on — And we hav3 made a larger cemetery. Jessie's Pain. — Cora: "What did Jessie say when he threw himself at her feet ?" Dora: " Oach ! Murder ! That's my favourite corn !' " He Needed It. — "I look like a tramp, ma'am," he said, " but I ain't. I'm a sailor, ma'm. I was wrecked and washed ashore." "You ain't been washed since, I'll wager," said the unsympathetic woman. A Feminine Paradox. — Mudge : "What a paradox woman is?" Wickwire: "You — don't — say ?" Mudge : " Consider her foot, for instance. The larger it is, the less it appears." Fob a Purpose. — Mr. Feeder: "This vest wants to be a little larger around the waist, Schneider." Schneider : ' But it fits you per fectly now, sir." Mr. Feeder : " I know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners !" Small Prospects in Life. — "What did Miss Shortsleeve Bay when you asked her for her hand?" "She asked me how I made a living." "And you said" "With my brains." " And what did she say ?" "I hadn't capital enough." bridal fancies. Married in white, you have chosen all right ; Married in gray, yon will go far away ; Married in black, you will wish yourself back; Married in red, you will wish yourself dead ; Married in green, ashamed to be seen ; Married in blue, he will always be true ; Married in pearl, you will live in a whirl ; Married in yellow, ashamed of your fellow ; Married in brown, you will live out of town ; Married in pink, your spirit will sink. belinda. Belinda's tresses bright Are rich beyond compare ; The beamB that fall from heav'n to light Her locks are not more fair. But, ah, by one sad doubt I'm tortured evermore — Are those bright tresses all her own, Or purchased at the store ? Belinda's smile is sweet ; The gems her lips display When in that smile they part and meet No aTt can e'er portray, But, oh, r long to know — I'm on despair's daTk border — Those pearly teeth — oh, did they grow, Or were they made to order ? a case in toint. Husband: "Now, here's a thing. Nellie \ that I wish to ask your opinion about. I am reading some items of philosophy here, and one of these items states that thereis a fool in every family. What do you think of that P" Wife: "Well, yon lost twenty dollars at poker the other night, as you confessed to me?" H.: " Yes, my dear." W, : And yon buy what hi called pools som times, in the expectation of making a grea H. : " Well, that's a fact. But what has that to do with there being & fool in every family?" W. i "I am coming to it. Now, yon havi left your family— the famfly composed of yom- brothers and Bisters — you left your family when you married me. H. That's oorrect." W. : " Well, there's no fool in your family now." Then the husband fell into deep meditation, while the wife watched him out of the corner of her eye. — American. woman's changing fashions. When hoops were worn by woman fair, A nuisance they were found ; One ran against them everywhere, The hoops were always ronnd. When hoops went out, by some ©racked bra;n The bustle was designed, And woman's fashions, it was plain, Were getting quite behind. The bustle also saw its day, Though to it they adhered For years, and when it passed away The dinging dress appeared. And as it suited old and young, 'Twas worn without demur : To fashion woman long had clung, Now fashion clung to her. In time the train became the style, And every woman wore it. In fact, the fashion for a while Swept everything before it. And thus the years new fashions bring Which flourish and decay ; The corset is the only thing That ever came to stay. 