BUDDHISM—THE STATE RELIGION OF CEYLON. fBv \V. ROBt FLETCHER, M.A.I ?w l.— INTRODUCTORY. I intend in a short 8orio3 of papew to give a brief sketch °£ Buddhism, with illustrattons gathered chiefly from Ceylon. Some four or L« voara aeo I treated tho same subieot from rte standpoint ot a traveller m mam. l naa not thea uuen favourod wich tho opportunity of seeing the famous historic remains ia tho remote interior of Ceylon. I had not pene trated further than Kandy, where the visitor looks with amused wonder rather than intelligent sympathy, upon the fantastic and UJ]i'J °dditie3 of the worship o ?: the aacctd tooth of Buddha. Buddhism ia an Indian r-iiirion, but it oxiata no longer in India. It is a banished creed. Orthodox Brahminism crushed it out of all recognition 900 years ago. If it will be understood it mint be studied where it still lives and still moulds the Iives of men. One may get information about a man's form and physical structure from piecing together the bones dug up from cemetery vaults, but such relics are powerless to tell us what his smile was like, or whether ha was ever angry, or what opinion he held on everyday themes. Moreover, Buddhism is a fashionable study in these days. It has secured a graceful and gifted poet in the person of Sir Edwin Arnold. It has migrated into Europe and America. It has settled itself as a visitor who says ha means to stay, among thedrawing rooms of New York and London. It has even come to these colonies. It professes to be a claimant for the religious faith and reverence of practical Australians. It has taken to itself a modern philosophical dress, and aims all proving itself tho grand eclectic system of the world and the true mediator between theism and atheism, between materialism and faith, between Chriatianity and all other forms of religious thought. Buddhism is therefore among the current forces of today, and what ever will assist in making its origin and history more intelligible is of some worth. I do not pretend in any sense to be an original thinker on these and kindred schemes. I am not a Pali or a Sanscrit scholar. I am, like my readen, a searcher after truth, and if I can either give or receive help in this search by writing these papers I shall be content/Before, however, touching upon more abstruse themes I will try to introduce my readers to the Island of Ceylon, which h the ecclesiastical centre of southern Buddhism, , and its capital city, Colombo. ' CEYLON'S ISLE.' Colombo, the capital of Ceylon, has come into tho possession of a curious heritage of privilege. The development of modern travel has made it the ' Chatham Junction' of the world. Into no port it there such a constant influx of passenger steamers as that which flows through the harbour of this, upstart city. Thousands of people from every country under the sun hind there every week, and after a few hours, or at most two or three days on shore, go on their way to England or China, to Aus tralia or India. The recollections that they carry away with them are mostly of having had a peep at a delicious dreamland, where tho Rural beauty of the world is at its finest, ami where Oriental quaintness runs riot. If a traveller from Australia has the good fortune to catch his first sight of Ceylon when the weather is fine he will never forget it. It looks, even from the deck of a steamer, a veritable Paradise with its rich lowlands backed by a range of lofty mountains. The fringe of shore line is adorned with millions of palm-trees, which suggest a steamy, lazy climate, but the peaks beyond, which mingle with the clouds, promise a cooler region, where perhaps even a roaring fire may be welcomed. Among these peaks, rising like a mighty spire into tho mists, is to be seem one named after our great forefather, ' Adam's Peak,' and this reminds us at once that Ceylon has been deemed so fair that it has been thought worthy of being the original Paradise which was ''planted eastward in Eden.' If scepticism should suggest that Adam had not learned the art of boatbuilding,;' and so could not have sent his children thence to people the rest of the world, tradition will remind us how the chain of islets which connect Ceylon with India is still called ' Adam's Bridge,' and will insist upon it that no country in all the world can compete with this one for Edenlike love Iiness and suitable beauty. bloat of the thousands of visitors see nothing of Ceylon except the streets and gardens of Colombo. They land, look in at the ' Grand Oriental,' get a carriage and drive round tho tinamon gardens, lose their temper over tho beggars and curiosity mongers, take refuge for an hour in the Museum, then, getting into the train, go and lunch at Mouno Laviuia, and return to thoir quarters on board ship ready to set sail next day. Others may prefer to visit the native quarters, and have a peep at the venerable old Dutch Churches, or the Hindoo temple, or the quaint house of Buddhist worship, or perhaps may seek to learn something of the missionary work which is being carried on in this busy city. If tho steamer be delayed for two days then an opportunity is given for a trip up into tho higher lands to tho mediaeval his toric city of Kandy, famous at onco for its 'exquisite scenery, its Botanical Gardens, and as containing the temple where is enshrined tho most famous Buddhist relic in the whole world— tho eye tooth of Gautama Buddha himself. A LAND OF ROMANCE. Few travellers are aware how much more than all this there is to be seen in Ceylon, tbat for those who will go further atield there nrt- in store wild gorges, magnificent water falls), strange rock temples, immense irrigation works, and the ruins of two cities, ono of which was as large aa London, and tho other nob much smaller. Tho hillsides are covered with tea estates, the gardens are adorned with chineona and cocoa- trees, tho jungle is one mass of floral splendor and alive with novel forma of animal life and vocal witli novel cries. Every hilltop has its legend, every valley can tell its story of stirring his toric events, every grove has its traditions of uncanny ghosts or kindly spirits. Its smaller caves have been peopled with monks of the yellow robe, its caverns turned into houses of worship, and its rocky peaks have been sanctified by fantaatio but very holy events which claim the enthusiastic reverence and atfection of thousands of pilgrinu. It ia in very deed the land of romance. Hindoos, Mohammedans, and Buddhists all look upon it as the home of their quaintest traditions— a place which either charms them because of its celestial beauty, or appals them becanee it is haunted by devils. It was the home of tho monster Ravanna, whore he im prisoned the chaste and beautiful Sita. It was the site of the great battles of Rama and Hamuman as they went in search of that banished queen. It waa sanctified by primeval worship on its high places long before history tells us any tales. It ia still for a targe por tion of the human race the legendary seat of the lost Paradise of our first parents, and, by a curious and natural coincidence it is still thought to be haunted by tho prince of the air and bia subservient ghosts, and ia therefore deemed a land of terrible dangers. When I wji3 in tho north of India I bad many curious illustrations of the strange repu tatiou that attaches to Coylon. I had been reading in the Ramayana the adventures of Kama and Sita, and in a freak of inquisitive mischief I said to a village schoolmaster one day, 'Toli these children that I have been to Lanka, where Ravanna lived.' Ho smiled, »nd interpreted my remark. It was received by H103& with absolute incredulity. They thought I *m making sport of them. They could not be lieve that I could have actually been to that delicious lane? of uncannineas, and have come »way without having had my head cut off. *J»03 true I waa sitting there before them in th» flesh, and they evidently thought there ?M,a mistake somewhere, or else that I was Ue.*itched, and so waa proof against all the jApo{ the devil. The people in Southern ?*ndia have long gob over this unreasoning awe, ?w Ifes And repaE3 from the mainland to the 'land in a constant stream. In fact Ceylon nij' been a favourite hnnting-Kround for Tamil ?^venturers for tho last 1,800 years, and a IsrRo part of the present population Profesi the religion and Bpeak the 'angiiage, not of Ceylon but of India. Tho real defect3of the Cingalese type of character are by no means of the awful demonic sorb which they bear in ancient legends. The People are of n mild order, and have never been able to hold theiv owu against tho sue ftssivo invasions of stronger races, which have Paired into their tempting country. Templea to Siva, the Hindu deity, aie thus to be seon side by side with, temples to Buddha, and Adam's lYak, tho most famous of the sacred sitt 3 in tho island, is viaitod by crowds of pil Erims »vho follow the rival standards of Mfhamir.ed. of Brahma, and of Gautama, each filiiminx a right to the exclusive possession of its lu.ly features. GFnVEOAr. SUttVEY. Before attempting to describe in detail any of the notable places in Ceylou ib will be well to take a general survey of the island. It is abouc the size, of Ireland or of Tasmania, but iu shape it is like a pear. As it i3 famous for its pearl fisheries it baa naturally been oom- ! pared to a ' pearl pendent on tha ear of j India.' It is very mountainous iu the i southern or thicker half, but the northern pirt is an undulating jungle plain, where all the twelve months of the year vie with each other as 'to which is the hottest. The mountain region is very grand, abounding in rugged beauty, a land of cascades and dells and forests and caves. The air is cool and bracing, and qfttimOo the visitor will imagine himself back in Scotland or Switzerland as he comes home to his hotel or hia bungalow, drenched with mist, and glad to pile on the logs to make the blaze crackle up the chimney of an ample fireplace. The rainfall on the mountains 13 abundant, and falls more or leas all the year through, though at the time when the south west monsoon bursts ib reaches a maximum. These uplands, which are thiu drenched with squalls, are the home of the tea and ooffeo plant3, to which they took kindly on bheir first introduction, and are a favourite refuge for European residents when wearied of the mobt monotonous climate of the lowlands. A railway now winds in way up past Kandy almost to Nucrra-Eliya, and there, more than 0,000 feob above the .sea, is to be found a clu3ter of English homes and English gardens, with familiar fruit-treea and homely vegetables in abundance and English children playing about, gathering roses into their eheaks as well as in their hands. THE MAHAWANSO. Tko history of Ceylon is very tangled, but i3 Intensely interesting. Unlike India, this little island has a reliable story to tell of many chances and terrible struggles. Tho Hindoos seem to bo utterly devoid of tho true historic faculty, and confound all ancient dates in a kaleidoscopic haze. They _ have n - aense of tho perspective of events in time. It is not so, however, with the people of C6ylon. Like the ancient Hebrews the Kings of Ceylon had their State Chroniclers, and eaoh succeeding editor added his chapter of contemporary history. Thus the story of the up3 and downs of politics kept growing like one of the native palm-tiees, each age being built upon that which went before it. This wonderful chronicle is very old, but its discovery is quite modern. Tho 'writing was executed, like all the sacred books, on long Btrips of palm leaves or thin plates of metal, strung together by a cord. It was in the Pali language, which is akin to Sanscrit, but was unknown to modern scholars. It was suspected that vast treasures of literature were coucealed in those curious volumes, but no one had turned up who had either the learning or the patience, or both, to raise those dead writings into the living vocal present. But at last the man appeared who was wanted. He was an English Civil servant, whoso name was Turnour, and he was in charge of the Adam's Peak district about sixty years ago, that is in 182G. He was fired with inquisitive ness to explore this unknown mine of literary wealth. He bad a hard battle to fight, for he was a pioneer. He tells us that tho work was so utterly neglected and for gi tten that he never met with one man who had ever read, much less studied it. He published a translation of part of it in 183' in Colombo, but the learned world thought he was acting tho part of Chatterton and befooling them. His book won its way, however, and is now counted among the trophies of the world's literary heroes. It is called tho ' Mahawanso, or the Genealogy of tho Great,' and begins the history of Ceylon in it.c. 541, when Buddha was alive in India, but long before he had been heard of in other lands ; when the Jews were smarting under the captivity, when Rome was a small village, and when old England was nowhere. Tumour died before he had finished more than half hia task, but tho Government of Ceylon has had it completed, and the entire work was published in 1880. HISTORIC ODDITIES. From this history we learn some very curious and most unexpected things. In it we read how Ceylon was first conquered by the Cingalese ; how thoy founded a great city, which wa3 called the ' pura' or capital of Anuradba the Prince; how there came mis sionaries from India preaching the doctrines of Buddha ; how tho King and the people were converted; how diverse and greab wonders were wrought; how the great oity giow and grew and became more and more holy; how mighty 'dagobas' wero built there, rivalling in size the Pyramids of Egypt; how temples and jialacea and monastriea and sacred lakes were constructed ; and last, but not least, bow there were brought to Ceylon in a fashion wonderful to narrate two trea sures worth more than all the gems underneath Adam's Peak, or all the pearls in a million oyster-shells— the one was the eye-tooth of the Great Buddha himself, and the other a branch of tho sacred Bo-tree in India, sitting under which Gautama the man became Buddha the sublime. This tooth is the palladium of all glory, sacred and political, and is deemed by the credulous to be the same that now res 'is in its jewelled casket in Kandy. This tree, venerable, gnarled and twisted, but petted, bedizened, and fed with milk, flourishes to-day green and beautiful amid the ruins of the on:e mighty City of Anuradha— the oldest historic tree in the whole world ; the centre of southern Buddhism. Of these singular trea sures I shall have more to say m future papers. THE STATE RELIGION OF CEYLON. It is my intention in these sketches to speak more especially of the religions of Ceylon, or rather to describe some of the scenes and places in the island from the standpoint of ono whose interest in the new and unexpected forms of worship that one meets with there, ha3 been sharpened by sympathy and reading, and also by noting the herojc efforts of missionary brethren to bring among theae dreamy islanders the more solid blessings of tho Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Chtist. The religion of Ceylon ia Buddhism. The adherents of other forms of faith are to be found there, but they are all 'dissenters' as it were from the established creed. Even in the streets of Colombo the yellow- robed Buddhist monk may be met at early morning, as he goes from house to house begging for his daily dole of lice, which he puts into a great coarse bowl which he carries under his dress. Convents of such monks are scattered all over the island, sheltered in the queerest and most unexpected nooks among the rocks, or hidden in the deep gladc-s of the jungle. Homo of these monks are mere youths, and many of them are deplorably ignorant, but there are knots of learned devotees here and there who prido themselves on their libraries, and deem themselves tho leaders of a faith which they believe is destined to convert the whole world, and even to eclipse the milder glories of Chris tianity. At Kandy is what may be called the Cathedral of Buddhism, but just as London outweighs Canterbury in ecclesiastical Eng land, so Colombo is undermining the sacred authority of the mountain city, and is drawing its social influences to a new centre. At Kandy is the great shrine of the Dalnga, where d»y by day, to the sound of tom-toms and horns, the saints are called upon to bring their floral offerings to Buddha. At the extreme summit of Adam's Peak is a footprint of Buddha himself, which, like the sacred tooth, commands all the more fervent devotion because huge enough to have fitted the person of a (riant some 30 or 40 ft. high. On the rock of Mihintale is a vene rated cluster of shrines which, like tho ruins of Iona in Scotland, are sacred because they have to do with the early duwninga of tho religious history of the Cingalese^ In a reeky cave which few ever visit it is said that a Buddhist Saint, like St. J6rcme in the cave of Bethlehem, translated the story of Buddha into the language of tne people, and filled three ' pitakas' or baskets with the sacred fragments of his teachings. While at Anaradhapura exists, as I have alrf ady said, the venerable old ? tree, which quivers ince3 snntly with nervous agitation over the honour able destiny that has been a33igned it. TOI.EBATIOX. Nowhere in the world can the inquisi tivo enquirer find a better or a purer form of Buddhism than in Ceylon, and nowhere can he so easily gain access to ite ceremonies and its kindly priests. Buddhism, unlike Hinduism, is not an exclusive religion. In a mild way it invites attention. It aims at expansion. It does not close the door upon strangers as unwelcome intruders. In India the temples would all be shut close against tho polluting approach of an infidel outcast Christian if the Brahmins could but have their will. In the native State of Travan core, where the Brahmins are all-power ful, there is not a single temple which a white man can enter without raising a riot and evoking a ruinously expen sive process to wash away the defilement. In Buddhist countries this, however, is not so. When in Sikkim I stood by the altar while the devotees set their praying wheels revolving, and I even induced the wife of a priest to make a praying flap for me. I was invited to see all I could of tho tiny temples on the hills near Darjeeling, and in Ceylon I found tho same freedom of access. Tho . monks had no hesitation in showing me their shrines and their treasures, they even allowed me to' penetrate into the dark dens hollowed out of the rocks in which they slept; they were delighted to draw forth their precious silver and copper books from their hiding-places; they would gather fresh cocoanuts for us from the overhanging palm trees as we sat on the steps of a shrine, and I even brought away with me as a trophy a yellow robe which a young priest gave me, and also a begging bowl, both made sacred and dirty by much usage. What they would not do was to allow me to see the actual *' tooth' itself, or pluck fur me a leaf from a holy Bo-tree. The spirit of Brahminism is a proud exclusiveness ; the spirit of Buddhism is kindly brotherliness. Brahminism has no hand of mercy or even of recognition to extend to any outsider. Buddhism is pervaded by a great pity for the woes of humanity, and, in its own cold and joyless fashion, tries to offer a gospel of comfort to all mankind. Though clothed in extraordinary garments of fantastic nonsense it is much nearer so the religion of Christ than its rival in the temples of India, simply because it is a missionary religion, Its message is, however, of such a character that a Western mind finds much difficult}' in understanding it, and still more in believing and welcoming it. It 13 a religion whose god i3 an impersonal law, whose prophet is asleep, and whose heaven is a painless and joyless unconsciousness. In such a religion true penitence has no place, forgiveness is neither asked for nor desired, prayer i3 bub a vain repetition of charms, and self is taught to seek its extinction in a slumber to which there can never be any awakening dawn. If there be any resemblance between Christianity and Buddhism it is only superficial, for the two systems are radically antagonistic, and as for that modern religion of which wo have heard so much of late, called Theosophy, it is not Buddhism in any proper sense of the term. It is an ecclectic atheism which is opposed in spirit both to tho teachings of Buddha and still more of Christ. It tries to make an ally of the former system, but against Christianity it declares irreconcilable war. Christianity stands opposed to both in being a religion of life, not of death, based upon faith in a living, saving, redeeming God, not upon the cold hope of escaping the due rewards of our deeds by losing our sense of personality in an endless sleep. 