ST. MABY'S- CONVENT ; OB CHAPTERS IN THE LIFE OF A NUN. By Jeanie Selina Dammast (Beeves). chapter iv. — the plot developed. (Continued.) A8 Bno QpOKe izirsa iiieroy opened a side door, and stepped into a long room arranged with desks and seats. About forty girls of diflerent ages were seated at the desks, and twelve nnns were busily occupied in giving lessons in dmerent brancheH of education. " We must not interrupt the studies," whis pered the superior as she withdrew, closing the door as gently as she had opened it. "Now wo shall visit the work-rooms." The first room they entered presented a busy scene ; piles of snowy linen, and of wearing apparel, were being looked through by some of the older nnns, while sumo younger ones were busily plying their needles in making and mending the things arrayed for them. Leaving this room, Mrs. Ellerby led the way to another, where a number of the sisterhood were occnpied in embroidering robes for priests, and dressing up little figures of tho Virgin and St. Joseph. In a distant corner a group of novices were busily engaged arrang ing tho clothing on liltlo dolls, made to represent tho infant Christ, that they might be laid in the Virgin's arms ; while others were making shrines of painted cardboard. Emily watched them rather curiously for some time, wondering how women in the full possession of their facnltiea conld occnpy their time in so frivolons a manner. Again the bell sonnded ; and laying down their work, a solemn demeanour taking the place of their light gossiping manner, the nnns passed in single file from tho room, and through the long gallery to the chapel, to adore the Host. Dinner Boccoeded this service ; and, as each nnn seated herself at the table in order of priority, it was curious to notice the'grada- tions of age, or convent life, in their faces. No speaking was permitted; but one of the sisters read aloud from the lives of tho saints while the others dined. Aftsr dinner work went on nntil noon, when the bell summoned the sisterhood again to the chapel to assist in the service called " sextes." This ended, the nune road bocks, provided by the superior, until two o'clock, when some slight refresh ment was taken, after which they attended another service called "nones." As soon as the last-named service was con cluded, a bell once more sounded, summoning the sisterhood to the room of the reverend mother, where Emily was sitting, feeling already quite fatigued from the various and yet monotonous duties of the day. Seating themselves round tho walls, the nuns gave an account of what they had rend and done during the murniug, and received the instruc tions of the superior, after which they were dismissed to recreation. The gardens pre sented an animated scene as Emily walked ronnd with Mrs. Ellerby ; some of the nuns were running races, others stood in a laughing group round the swing, of which Bister Mary Agatha was evidently the presiding goddess, and a hum of voices from their little gardens showed that active life was there also. Leaving Emily with the party at the swing, Mrs. Ellerby withdrew to the house, her presence or absence not making any apparent difEerencoin tbe deportment of the nnns, who were seemingly quite given up to amnsement for the time being. Emily looked round in vain for Sister Mary Theresa, wondering that she did not seek for her ; but could she have visited the superior's private room she would have known the reason. Seated in her arm chair, the reverend mother looked severely on the pale girl who stood meekly before her, apparently weighing how she should address her, but in reality studying her face and drawing her own conclueions. "Daughter," she at last said, "why do yon hold such con versations with one who is not yet one of ns ? Is it wise? — Is it kind? — is it just?" — " What do you mean, my mother ? " asked the nnn, with downcast eyes. " I aak yon is it right of you to seek to prejudice one, designed for a religious life, against its obser vances? If your own vain thoughts and foolish imaginings have interrupted tbe happy course of your life with us, is it proper for you to mislead one who may here find that happiness that the world has failed to afford ? " — " What have I done, my mother? " again inquired the nnn, as if mechanically.— " Daughter," said the superior in a severe tone, " it is daugercus to play with edged tools. Beware in time ; let me not warn you in vain ; retire and repeat the Litany to tho Virgin nntil vespers." Bending her head, Sister Mary Theresa left the room, in appearance stoically calm and self-controlled ; but on reaching her cell, she cast beiself on her knees beside tbe bed, and a storm of sohs burst from her labouring heart. " Not one," she murmured, "not one to love me ; not one to whom I can open my heart. Oh ! when will this miserable being end ?— when shall I be free from this thral dom? " A heavy stupor, after a little while, seemed to come over her, and the unhappy girl lay prone under its icflnence until the bell sounded fur vespers. ohapter v.— the plan laid bare. When the nuns assembled for vespers, Emily looked eagerly round for Sister Mary Theresa, and at length discovered her almost hidden by a pillar, and looking even paler than nsnal. It was in vain to try to attract her notice, for her eyes were bent steadily on the gronnd, and, feeling that she did not mean to recognize her, Emily turned her attention to the service. Tbe Psalms were read, or rather chanted, and then fol lowed a prayer, after which the silvery mnsio of the hymn floated on the air so softly, that to enjoy it more thoroughly Emily closed her eyes ; but, as on tbe former occasion, a ohill feeling of disappointment stole over her heart. Several prayers followed the anthem ; and, after a short pause for refleotion, the nuns retired from the ohapel and assembled in the refectory for supper, during which, as at supper, one of the sisters read aloud. After supper tbe reverend mother gave a kind of lecture on the reading, exhorting her hearers to imitate and emulate the virtues of the saints, of whom they bad just heard such pious examples ; at the close of her address, the bell sonnded once more, and tho nuns, sought tho obaptd for complines. At this service Emily was again shocked by some of the prayers, and by the oonfession, which was made thus : — " I confess to Almighty God, to blesaod Mary ever Virgin, to blessed Michael tho Archangel, to blessed John the Baptist, to the Holy Apostlea Peter and Paul, to all the Saints, and to you Father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, through my fault, through my fault, through my most grievous fault ; therefore I beseech tho blessed Mary ever Virgin, blessed Michael the Archangel, blessed John the Baptist, the Holy Apontles Peter and Paul, all tbe Saints, and yon Father, to pray to the Lord our God for me." Tho swBot hymn that followed the Psalms wa=, however, very soothing ; and she yielded her whole soul to its inflnenoo. : " Now with the fast departing light, Maker of ail! wo ask' of Thee Of Thy great meroyi through tbe night, Our guardian and defence to bo. : " Far offlet idle visiona fly, No phantom of the night molest ; . . . , Curb Thou our raging enemy, , . That we in chaste repose may, rest. "Father; of mercies, hoar our bry, Hear us, 0 solo-begotten Son ; Who with the Holy Ghost most high, Beignest while endless eges run." ' At nine o'clock the nuns retired to their cells without Emily having been able to obtain even a glance from Sister Mary Theresa, who passed her without raising her eyes. Troubled by her apparent avoidance, for which she conld not account, Emily laid her head on her pillow, and thought over the events of tbe day, until she dropped into a troubled sleep, from which she was roused by the bell calling up the nuns to tbe " Ofjicium Noctiirnum." Too weary to rise, she lay awake until she heard the sisterhood return ing to their cells, and, hoping they might be able to rc-snme their broken slumDers, Emily sank once more to rest. Before sunrise the tormenling bell again summoned the sleepers to rise for the " laudes," after which they returned to their cells to make their beds before attending the six o'clock reading of the superior. Two or three days passed in the same monotonons round, and still Emily had been unable to obtain a word with Sister Mary' Theresa, who it was evident purposely avoided her. Greatly puzzled by such conduct, in one who had seemed so desirous of her society, and wondering at not receiving some message from her father, Emily became rather sad and thoughtful, and at tho close of the week, she resolved to solve the first part of tbe mystery if possible. For this purpose she took her place in a small shrubbery near Sister Mary Theresa's garden, and watohed anxionsly for her approach. After some time the young nun drew near and lisilessly looked at her flowers, taking o£E tbe dead leaves mechanically ; stepping forward, Emily addressed her by name, and was amazed to see her start of avoidanoe, and the look of almost dislike that crossed her face as she turned to move away. " What have I done to offend you ? " cried Emily, pressing to her side. " I can see plainly that I have (with out knowing it, believe me), in some way incurred yonr displeasure. Do toll me my fault, if 1 have committed one?" — "If you have committed one ? " replied the nun, a flush lighting up her pale cheek ; " Is it not a aeriouB fault to receive confidence for tho purpose of betraying it ? Was it nnknowingly that you repeated to the anperlor my wretched feelings?" — "Do you think I would basely repeat wlrat yon said, and reveal your sorrow to Mrs. Ellerby ? " cried Emily, aghast. "If you conld believe such a thing I do not wonder that you have avoided me. Oh, how conld you have such on opinion of me?" — 'Did you not walk with her immediately after I went into the house ; and was not I tbe sabject of yonr conversation ?" inquired the nun, looking searohingly into Emily's face. — "Oortainly, I walked with her," said Emily, surprised ; " but I did not acqnaint her with one word of our conversation. I shall tell you exactly what passed between us." And seeing that her hearer was anxionsly listeDing, Emily told her bow Mrs. Ellerby had startled her from her tboughtfnl position and rallied her about it, detailing the precise words of their conversation. "I see it all now, and I implore you to forgive my unkindness," said Sister Mary Theresa, as she pressed Emily's hand in hers ; " but when you have heard her language to me, you will not wonder that I believed yon had betrayed my cnnfidence." Emily listened to her reoital in blank amazement. " What mystery is this?" she cried at last; "why should she say that I am destined for a nun's life ? she knows it to be untrue : there is something in all this that I do not nndor- stand." — " Then you really are not goiug to bo a nun ? " asked tho sister, in equal sur prise. — " I oonfeas that, aocustomod as I now am to the deceits that are continually prao- tised here, I was sure that Mrs. Ellerby had spoken the truth on this occasion." — " 1 can not nnderstand it at all," replied Emily, uneasily ; " but before the day has gone past I shall try to discover what she means. In the meantime it will be as well, perhaps, that I should not be seen speaking to yon ; there fore I shall retire to the house." With a slight embrace the girls separated ; and Emily hastened to her room, where she remained until she knew that the entire sisterhood wore assemblod in the chapcl, when, hastily putting on her shawl and bonnet, she walkod quickly to the lodge. The lay sister who acted as portress was not there, and, seizing the k-ey, Emily opened the gate, and waa quickly walking in the direc tion of the town. With rapid steps she ascended the stairs leading to the drawing- room, when she reached her father's lodgings ; and, opened tho door, she found him seated with the priest at a table, on which writing materials were laid. As she came- in both eprftJig to their feet, exclaiming : " How is this ? How ho vo you come hero ? " I was uneasy at not hearing from yon, father," said Emily ; " and I thought I should like to come homo and see for myself how yon are." — " I am qnite well, as you may see, Emily, but very busy, and unable to have yon with me at present, therefore I shall have to ask you to remain with Mra. Eilerby for a few days, nntil I have made my arrangements com plete." " Bat, father, there seeme to be an impres sion in the convent that I am inclined to become a nnn," said Emily, gravely ; " and I do not desire to oonntenanco it by remaining longer there, if yon will allow mo to remain at homo. I assure you I shall not incommode yon, or be in your way in the least," she added earnestly. — " What nonsense are you talking ? " began Captain Seward, uneasily ; but the priest interrupted him, laughingly, saying, — " My dear sir, have you lived so long in the world withont having disoovored that what we wieb for we aometimes begin to speak of as a certainty. Those young ladies in the convent very naturally desire to have Miss Seward for a companion, and asnalarally spoke to her of it as a probability ; however, I shall walk back with her while you write that latter, and a few words will put the point out of dispnte." — " Do you wish me to go, father ? " asked Emily, looking beaeeob- ingly at him. — " Certainly, yes," he replied, without looking up from the letter he was in the act of wriciug, and on which all his thoughts seomed concentrated ; " and I am very much obliged to Mr. Dovino for so kindly offering to acoompany yon. Do not bo uneaey abont me, but content yourself with Mra. Ellerby nntil I send for yon." Emily waited a minute attc-r ho tiad ceased speaking, expecting that he would look up, or make some signal of adion ; bat, finding that he was quite absorbed in hie oocapation, she turned away with a sigh and followed the priest down stairs. To he Continued.) Signer Giolutti, who was mainly instru mental in bringing about the downfall of the Budini Ministry, has been summoaed by King Humbert to form a new Administration. Mr. See, tbe Colonial Treasuror, has received a cablegram from the Agent-General stating that New South Wales Si per cent, d'ibentures have advanced from £92 lOs. to £96. A valnable find of easily smelting car bonate ore has been made in tbe South mine of Broken Hill. The quantity exposed Is said to be enormous. Lientenant- General Greaser, Prefect of the city of St. Petersbarg and Grandmaster of the Police, has been poisoned by quack injection. His condition is hopeless. In commenting npon the visit of Mr. G. B. Dibbs to England, tho Times says that the mys'ery in regard to his miseion is prodnoing a harmful effect, and tends to euggest anxiety as to the solvency of the colonies though their solvency is undoubted. Mr. John Burns has delivered an address upon the political situation and Mr. Glad stone's refusal to receive a deputation on the eight- honrs queation. He said that the labonr party would insist on a quid pro quo in con sideration of its support to Home Rule, and that Mr. Gladstone bad better disregard his snicidal advisers. Lohmana declares that W. Brace is the best batsman in Anstralia. He oonsiders that in Sydney and Mebonrne a vast improvement has taken place in orick t. 