THE TRAVELLER, : AT THE SHRINE OF ST. WAGNER. , i- ... BY ji ARK : TWAIN. " j i'liti: (Copyright by the Author.) ,-. ;, ' - It was at-Nuromborg-that wo'atruoktho inun- '.datiqn qf'.mnsic- mftdatrangcrs! that iras rolling .r;down;.nponi: BayreulhVj whqrqwq no'whre.. ..' ,Xt had been: Long since we . bail seen such rnuUt- c- tudes of exalted and struggling people. It took .a good half bour.'to' pack them and pair them I! into.tbe train— and it'. was tho longest train wo " havo yet seen in Europe. Nuremberg badbeen witnessing this sort of iexporience a.couple of times a day for about two weoks. : It gives one an impressive seuso of the magnitude of this biennial pilgrimage. For. a pilgrimage is what it is. The devotees come from the very ends of the earth to , worship their prophet in his own Kaaba in his own Mecca. - If you are living in Now York or San Fran- .' bisoo or Chicago or anywhere else in America, and .' you conclude by tho middle, of. May that you ' would like to attend the; Beyrouth opera two months and a half later, you must use tho ...cable and' got about it immediately or you will .'get uoseats, and you must cable for lodgings too. . Then. if you are lucky you will get seats in the last row, and lodgings in the fringe of the town. If you stop to write you will get nothing. There were plenty of people in Kur- cmbcrg when wo passed through who had come on pilgrimage without Curst securing seats anil lodgings. Thoy had found neither in Bayreuth; they had walked Bayrouth streets a . while in sorrow, then gouo to Nuremberg . and found neither beds nor standing room, and had walked those quaint streets, all night waiting for the hotels to open and empty their ' guests into the trains, and so make room for . those, their . defoated brethren and sisters in the faith. They had endured from 30 to 40 hours' railroading on the Continent of Europe — with all which that implies of worry, fatiguo and financial impoverishment — and all they had got and all they were to get for it was liandiness and accuracy in kioking themselves, acquired by practice in the baek streets of tho two towns/ when. other people where in bod ; for back they must go over that unspeakable journey with their pious mission unfulfilled. These humiliated outcasts hod the frowsy and unbrushed and apologotio look of wot cats, and thoir eyei were glazed with drowsiness, their bodies were odroop from crown to sole, and all kind hearted people refrained from aakiug them if they had been to Bayreuth and failed to con- ncot, as knowing they would lie. AVe reached here (Bayrouth) about mid-aftor- noon of a rainy Saturday. We wore of tho wise, aud had secured lodgings and opera seats months in advance. I am not a musical critic, and did not como here to write essays about tho operas, and de liver judgment upon their merits. Tho little children oCBsyrouth could do that with a finer sympathy and a broader intelligence than I. I only card to bring four or five pilgrims to tho operas, pilgrims ablo to appreaiato them and enjoy them. What I might write about tho performances, to put in my odd time would be offered to the public as merely a cat's view of a king, and not of didactic value. Next day, which, was Sunday, wo loft for the opera house— that is to say, the. Wagner temple— a iittis after tha middle of the after noon. Tho great building stands all by itself, grand and jlovely, on high ground outsido tho town. We were wanted that if wo arrrived after 4 o'clock we should be obliged to pay 2) dol. apieco ' extra . by way of fine. We saved that, and it may bo remarked here that this is the only opportunity Europe oilers of Baving money. There was a big crowd in the grounds about tho building, and the ladies' dresses took the sun with line eifeot. I do not . ..ineau to intimate that the ladies were in full >. -dress, for- that, was not so, Tho dresses woro, . pretty, bat neither sex was in evening-dress. .' Tho. interior- of. the building, is. simple — . severely so; bat; there is no occasion for color -and; decoration,' since tho people sit in the \- dark.' Tho auditorium Has tne.abape of a ' keystone, with the stage at the narrow end. . There is an aisle on each side, but no aisle in the body : of the house. Each row of seats \- extends in an unbroken curve from one side of 'the house to .the' other.. 'There are sevon entrance doors on oaqh side of the theatre and . four ,. at the butt end— 18 doors : to admit and < omit 1650 persons.. Tho. nnmber of tho parti- < cular door by which you-aro to enter tho house -or leave it is printod on your tioket, and yon oan ' use no door but tiiat one. Thus crowding and : confusion' are impossible. ' Not so many as 100 people use any ono door. This is hotter than having the usual (and useless) elaborate fircproot arrangements. It is tho model theatre of the world. It oan bo emptied while tho seaond hand of a watoh makes its oircuit. It would bs entirely safe oven if it were built of: luoifer \- matches. If your scat is near the centre of a row and yon enter late, you must work your way along . a rank of about 25, ladies and gentlemen to get , to it. ' Yet" this causes- no -trouble,, for every body Btands up until all the seats are full, and . tho filling is - accomplished in a. very few minutes. Then nil ait down, aud you have a solid mass of 1500 heads making a steep cellar door slant from tho rear of tho house down to \- tho Btage. AH the lights wcru turned low, so low that tho : congregation sat in a deep and. solemn gloom. \- Tha funereal rustling of dresses and tho low ;buzz of conversation began to die swiftly down, ; and prosentiy not tho ghost of a sound was left. iThia profound and Increasingly impressive still ness continuod yet during somo time — tho host preparation for music, spootacle- or spocch con ceivable. I should think our show pcoplo would have invented or imported that simplo and im- pressivo device for scouring and solidifying the -attention of an audienco' long ago;, instead of whioh they continuo to this day to open a per- formance against a deadly competition in the form of noise, confusion and a scattered in: tcre3t. Finally, out. of darkness, and dlstanoa- and mystery soft rioh notes rose upon the stillness, and from ids gravc tho dead magician began to weave bis spells about his disoiplcs and steep tbpir souls in. liis enchantments. There was smoothing -. strangely impressive in the fancy which kept intruding itself that tho composer was conscious in his grave of what was going -oil. here, and that these divine sounds were tho clothing: of thoughts which were at tiiis moment passing through hi3 brain, not recog nised and familiar ones which had issued from it at some former time. The entire overture, long as it was, was played to a dark houso with tho ourtain down. It was exquisite, it was delicious. But straightway thereafter, of course, came the singing, and it does seem to mo that nothing can mako a Wagner opera absolutely perfect and satisfactory to the untutored but to leave out tho vocal parts. I wish I could see a Wag ner opera done in pantomime onco. Then ono would have the lovely orchestration unvexod to listen to and bathe bis spirit in, and tho bcwildoringly beautiful scenery to intoxioato his epos with, and tho dumb acting couldn't mar these pleasures, because thero isn't ottcn anything in the AVagner opera thct ooo would coll by sitch a violeut name as acting ; as a rule alt yon would sec would bo a couple of silent people, one of thom standing still, tha other catching flics. Of course, I do not really mean that he would be, catching flics, I only moan that tho usnal operatic ges tures, which consist in reaching first one hand out into tho air and then the other, might suggest tho sport I speak of if tho operator attended strictly to business ami uttered no sound. This present opera was" Parsifal. Mme. AYog- ner does not permit its representation anywkoro but in Bayreuth. Tha first act' of the three occupied two hours, and I enjoyed that in Bpito of tho singing. ' . . I trust that I know as well as anybody that singing is ono of tbo most entrancing and bewitching and moving and eloquent of all tbo vehicles invontcd by man for tho eonvoying of feeling ; but it seems to me that a ohief virtue in song is molody, air, tunc, rhythm or what you please to call it, and that wheo this feature is absent what remains is a picture with tho color loft out. I was not able to doteot in tho vocal parts of Parsifal anything that might with confidence ho called rhythm or tunc or molody ; one person performed at a time— and a long time, too — efton ia a noble aud always in a high-priced voico ; but ho only pulled out long notes, then somo short ones, then another long one, then a sharp, quick, peremptory bark or two— and so on and so on ; and when he was done you saw that tho information which ho had conveyed had not compensated for the disturbance. Not always, but pretty often. If two of thom would but put in a duet occasionally and blend tho voioes ; but no, thoy don't do that; The great mastor, who knew so well how to malm a hundred instru ments rejoice in unison and pour out thoir bouIs iu mingled and molodious tides of de licious sound, deals only in barren solos when he puts in the voeal parts. It may bo that ho was dcop, and only added the singing to his operas for the sake of the contrast it would make with the manic. Singing ! It does seem tho wrong name to apply to it. Strictly de scribed, it is a practising of diffioult and un pleasant intervals, mainly- An ignorant person gets tired of listening to gymnastic intervals in tho long run, no matter how pleasant thoy may be. In Parsifal there is a hermit named Gurnemanz who stands ou tho stago in the one spot and praotiecs by tho hour, whilo first one and then another character of the oast enduros what he can of it and retires to die. During tho eveniug there was an intermission of three-quarters of an hour after tho first not, and one an hour long after the second. In both instances ths thcatro was totally emptied. People who had previously engaged tables in the one sole eating houso were able to pat in their timo very satisfactorily ; the other thou sand went hungry. Tho opera was ooncluded at 10 in tho evening, or n littlo later. AVhcn we readied homo we bad been gone uioro than seven hours. Seven hours at 5 do!, a ticket is almost too much for the money. AVhilo browsing about tho front yard among tho crowd between the acts I encountered 12 or 16 friends from different parts of America, and those of thom who woro most familiar with AVagnor eaid that Parsifal seldom pleased at first, but that after one had heard it covoral times it was almost sure to become tho favorifo. It seemed impossible, but it was true, for tho statement came from pooplo whoso word was not to be doubted. And I gathorod somo further information. On tho ground I found part of a Gorman musi cal magazine, and in it a letter written by Ublio 33 years ago, in which ho defends the soornod and abused AAregner against people like me, who found fault with tho comprehensive absence of what our kind regards as singing. Uhlio saya AVagner despised "jene piapporude musik," and therefore "runs, trills and sobnbrkel arc discarded by him." I don't know what a schnorkel is, but now that I know it hOB been left out of these operas I never have missed anything so much in my life. And Ublio further says that AYagnor's song ia true song ; that it is " simply empha sised intoned speeob." That certainly describes it in Parsifal and some of the othor operas ; and, if I understand Uhlio'B elaborate German, ho apologises for tho beautiful airs in Tann- hiiuser. Very well ; now that AVagner and X understand each other, perhaps we shall get along better, and I shall stop calling him AVaggucr, oa the American plan, and hcroafter call him Voggncr, as per German custom, for I feel entirely friendly now. The miuuto we get reconciled to a person how willing wo nre to throw aside little needless punotilies and pro- nounoo liis name right. Of aonrse I camo home wonderiog why peoplo should oomo from all the corners of Amerioa to hear these operas, when we have lately had a season or two of them in Now York with these same singers in' tho several parts, and possibly this same orchestra. I resolved to think that out at all hazards. On tho following day they played the only operatio favorito I kavo ever had — an opera which has always driven mo mad with ignorant delight whenover I have heard it — Tannhiiu- ser. I heard it first whon I was a youth, I heard it last in tbo last German season in Now York I was busy on this occasion, and I did not intend to go, knowing I should havo another TannaliaUBer opportunity in a few days ; but after 5 o'clock I found myself free and walked out to the opera houso and arrivod about the beginning of tho second net. My opera tioket admitted rao to the grounds in front, past tho policeman and tho chain, and I thought I would toko a rest on the bench for mi hour or two and wait for the third aet. Ia a moment or so the first bugles blow, and the multitudo began to crumblo apart aud melt into the theatre. I will explain that this bugle call is one of "the pretty features here. You see, tho theatre is ompty, and hundreds of tho au dience are a good way oil in the feeding houso ; the first bugle call is blown about a quarter of an hour beforo time for tbs ourtain to rise. This company of buglers, in uniform, march out with military step anil send out over tho landscape a few bars of tho theme of the ap proaching act, piercing the distances with the gracious nates, then they march to the other cntranco and repeat. Presently thoy do this over again. Only about 200 pooplo were still loft in front of tbo houso -when the socond call was blown ; in another half minute they would have been in the house, but then a tiling happened which delayed tbem — the one solitary thing ia this world which could be relied on with cortainty to accomplish it, I suppose— an imperial prinoess appoared iu tho balcony above thom. Thoy stopped dead in thoir tracks, and began to gaze, in a stupor of gratitude and satisfaction. The lady presently saw that sho must disappoar or tho doors would be closed upon those worshippers, so she returned to her box. This daughter-in- law of an emperor was pretty ; sho had a kind face ; she wns without airs ; site is known to bo full of common human sympathies. There arc many kinds of princos, but this kind is tbo most harmful of all, for wherever they go they recon cile people to monarchy and set back the clock of progress. Tho valuable princes, tho desirable princes, aro tho Czars and their sort. By their more dumb presence in tho world they cover with derision every argument that can be in vented in favor of royalty by tho most ingenious casuist. In his time the husband of this prin cess wss valuable. Ho led a dograded life, he ended it with his own hand in oircumstances and surroundings of a hideous sort, and was buried like a god. In the opera houso there is a long loft back of the autlicxco, a kind of open gallery, in which princos arc displayed. It ia sacrod to them, it is the holy of holies. As soon as the filling of tho house is about complete, the standing multi tude turn and fix their eyes upon the princoly layout, and gazo mutely and longingly and adoringly and regretfully like sinners looking into heaven. They become wrapt, unconscious, steeped in worship, Thero is no spectacle any- whoro that is moro pathetic than this. It is worth crossingmany oceans tosoe. It is somchownot tho same gaze that pcoplo rivet upon a Victor Hugo, or Niagara, or the bones of tho mastodon, or tho guillotine of tha revolution, or the great pyra mid, or distaiit Vesuvius smoking in the sky, or any man long celebrated to you by his genius and achievements, or thing long coicbrated to you by the praises of books and pictures— no, that gazo is only the gazo of intenso curiosity, interest, wonder, engaged in drinking delicious deep draughts that taste good all tho way down and appease and satisfy tha thirst of a lifetime. Satisfy it— that is the word. Hugo and the mastodon will still have, a de gree of interest thereafter when -encoun tered, bat never anything approaching tho ecstasy of. that first view. Tho interest of a prince is different. It may bo 'envy, it may .be worship, doubtless it is a mixture of both— aud it does not satisfy its thirst with ono view, ' or even noticeably diminish it; Perhaps the cssenco of the thing is the value which men attach to a valunblo something which has come by luck and not been earned. A dollar ' pioked up in the road is more satisfaction to you than tbo ninety anil nine which you had to work for, nnd money won at faro or ia stocks snuggles into your heart in tho same way. A prince pioks up grandeur, power, and o. permnuent holiday and gratis support by a pure accident, tho accident of birth, and ha stands always be fore the grieved eye of poverty and obscurity a monumental roprcsoutativo of luck. And then — suproraeat value of nil — his is the only high fortuno on the earth whicli is seoure. The commercial millionaire may become a beggar ; tho illustrious statesman can make' a vital mistake and bo dropped and forgotten ; the illustrious general can loso a decisive battle and with it tho consideration of moii ; but once n prince always a prince, that is to say, ah imita tion god, and neither hard fortuno nor an infa mous character nor an addled brain nor tha speech of an ass can undcify him. By com mon consont of all the nations and all the agCB, tho most valuable tiling iu this world is the homage of men, whether deserved or unde served. It follows without doubt or question then that the most deBirablo position possible is that of a prince; and I think it also follows that the so-called' usurpations with which his tory are littered are the most excusable mis- cmoanors whioh men have committed. To usurp a usurpation — that is all it amounts to, isn't it? A prince is not to us what he is to a Euro pean, of course. AVehave not been taught to regard him as a god, and so one good look at him is likoly to so nearly appease our curiosity as to make him an object of no great interest next time. We want a fresh oue. But it is not so with the European, lam quite sure of it. The same old one will answer ; ho never stales. Eighteen ' years ago I woe in London, and I called- at an Englishman's houso on a bleak and foggy and dismal December afternoon to visit . his . wife and married - daughter, . by appointment, . I . waited half an hour, and tii6n they .arrived frozon. Thoy. explained that thoy had been delayed by an unlooked for circumstance. , Whilst passing in tho neighbor hood of Marlborough Houso thoy saw a crowd gathering! and were told that the Prince of Wales was about to drive out, so thoy stopped to get a sight of him. They had waited a half hour on the sidewalk, freezing with tiio crowd, but were disappointed at. lost ; tho Prince liod changed his mind. I said, with a good deal of surprise: — "Is it possible that you two have lived in London all your lives, aud liavo never seen the Prinoo of Wales?" Apparently it was their turn to he surprised, for thoy exclaimed : V , "AVhat an idea ! AA"hy, we have' seen him hundreds of times." ' They had seen "Kim hundreds of times, yet thoy had waited half an1 hour in the gloomi and the bitter, cold,". In the midst of a jam of patients from the same- asylum on tha chanco of seeing hiin again.5 ' It' was a stupefying state ment, bat one, is obliged to believe , tho Eng lish, oven whsn they say . a thing like that. I fumbled around for n remark and got out this one: : "I can't understand it at nil. If I had never seen Gen.'' Grant/' tJ doubt if I would do that even to get a sight ;of him," with a slight om- pliasis on the last word. Their blank-faces showed that they wondered whore tho parallel came in. Thon thoy said blandly: "Of oourso not.' He is only a President It is doubtless a fact that n prin'oo is a perma nent interest,. an Interest not subjeot to deterio ration. The general who was haver defeated, the general who never hold a oounoilof war, tho only gonoral who ever commanded a connected battlo front 1200 miles long, tho smith who welded together the . broken parts of a groat republic aud re-established it where it is quite likoly to outlast all tho monarchies present and to come, was really a person of no sorious conse quence to theso people. To thom, with their training, my general was only a man after all, while their princo was clearly much moro than that, a being of a wholly unsimilar construction nnd constitution, a being of no more blood and kinship with men than are the sorene otornol lights of the firmament with tho poor dull tallow candles of oommerce that sputter aud die and leave nothing bohind hat a pinch of ashes and a stink. . I saw the last act of Tannhuuser. I sat in tbo gloom and tho deep stillness, waiting — one minute, two miuutos, I do not know exaatly how long — then tho soft music of the hidden orchestra began to breathe its rioh, long sighs out from under tile distant stage, and by and by the drop curtain ported in the middle and was drawn slowly aaide, disclosing a twilighted wood and a wayside shrine, with a white robed girl praying and a man standing near. Presently that noble chorus of men's voicos was hoard approaching, and from that momont until the closing of tho curtain it was music, just musio— music to mako one drunk with ploasure, music to make oue take scrip nnd staff and beg his way round the globe to hear it. To such as aro intonding to come hero in tho AVagnor season next year I wish to say, briug your dinner pail with yon. If you do you will never ceaso to be thankful. If you do not you will find it a hard fight to save yourself from famishing in Bayreuth. Bayreuth is merely n large village, and baa no very largo hotels or eating houses. Tha principal inns are the Goldon Anchor and tho Sun. At cither of these places you can got on excellent meal— no, I mean you can go -there and see other poepie get it. Thero is no charge for this. Tho town is littered witli restaurants, but they arc small and bad, and they are overdriven with oustora. You must scours a tabic hours beforehand, and often when you arrive you will find some body occupying it. AVo have had this expe rience. Wo have had a daily sorambio for life ; and. when , I Bay .we, I- include shoals of people. I: havo tho impression; that the only people .who do not havo to scramble ate tho veterans — the : disoiplcs who have been here before and know the ropes. I think they arrive about a week boforo the first opera, and engage all tbo tables for the season. My tribe have tried all kinds of places— somo outsido of tho town a mile or two— and have captured only nibblings anil odds and euds, never in any instance a complete and satisfying mo&L; Digestiblo? No, the reverse. These odds and odds are go ing to servo as souvenirs of Bayrouth, and in tlmt regard their value is not to he over esti- mated. Photographs fade, brio h-brac gets lost, busts of AVagner got broken, but once you ab sorb a Bayrouth restaurant meal, it is your possession and your proporty until the timo comes to embalm tho rest of you. Someof those pilgrims bore become in effect cabinets joabinotB of souvenirs of Bayroulb. It is believed among scientists that you could examine the crop of a dend Bayrouth pilgrim anywhere in the earth and tell where lie came from. But 1 liko this ballast. I think a "Hermitage " scrapo-un at eight in the evening, when nil the famine breeders lmvo been thero nnd laid in their mementoes and gone, is the quietest thing you eon lay on your kcolson except gravel. They keep two teams of singers in stock for the chief rCtes, and one of these is oomposed of tho most renownod artists iu tho world, with Materna nnd Alvary in the lead. I suppose a double team is necessary ; doubtless a single team would die of exhaustioa in a week, for all the plays last from 4 in tiio nftornoon till 10 at night. Nearly all the labor falls upon tho half dozen head singers, auil apparently thoy ore re quired to furnish all the noise they can for the money. If they feel a soft, whispery, mysterious feeling, they are required to open out and let the publio know it. Oporas are given only on Sundays, Munilays, AVcdnesdays and Thursdays, with threo days of ostensible rest per week, aud two teams to do tho four operas ; but the osten sible rest is devoted largely to rehearsing. It is said that tho off days aro devoted to rehearsing, from some time in the morning till 10 at night. Are there. two orchestras also? It is quite likely, sinco thoro are -110 names in tho. oroheatr, list. - Tho third opera was Tristan and Isolde. I have scon all sorts of nudionoes— at theatres operas, concerts, leotures, sermons, funerals- bat none which' was twin to the Wagner audience of Bayreuth for fixed nnd reverential attontioh, absolute stillness and petrified rc> tention to the end of an. not of tho attitudo assumed at the beginning of it. You detect no movemont in tho Bolid mass of heads and shoulders, you seem to sit. with tho dead in tho gloom of a tomb. You kmnv that they arb being stirred to their profoundost depths- that there are times when they want to rise nnd wave handkerchiefs nnil shout thoir approbation and times whon tears are running down their faces and it would be a rolief to free their pent emotions in sobs or screams ; yet you hear not one utterance till tbo curtain swings together and tho oioaiug strains havo slowly fndod out and died; then tho dead rise with one impulso andshake the building with thoir applause. Every seat is full in the first act, there is not n vacant ono in tho last. If a man would like to be con spicuous, let him come here and rotiro from tbo opera houso in the midst of ail aot. It would make him celebrated. Thin andienoe reminds mo of nothing I havo evor seen and of nothing I havo road about, excopt the city in the Arabian tale, whoro iill ths inhabitants have been tnrncd to brass, and the traroller finds them, aftor centuries, muio, motionless, and still retaining tho attitudes whioh thoy lost knew in life. Here tho AVagner andiencs dress as they please, and sit in the dark and worship in silence. At tho Metro- politan, in New York, they sit in a glare, they wear their showiost harness, they hum airs, they squonk fans, thoy titter and they gabble all the time. In somo of the boxos the conversation and laughtor are so loud as to divide tho atton- tion of tho houso with tho stage. Iu largo moasure the Metropolitan is a show cqse for rioh fashionables who ore not trained ia AVagnoriau music and have no rovercnce for it, but who liko to promoto art and show their clothes. Can that be an agreoable atmosphore to per sons in whom this musio produces a sort of divine ccstacy, and to whom its oreator is a very deity, his stage n temple, thn works of his brain and hands consecrated things, and tha partaking of them with eyo and: ear a sacred solemnity ? Manifestly, no. Thon perhaps tha temporary expatriation, the tedious travers ing of soas and continents, the pilgrimage to Bayreuth, Btanils explained. These devotees would worship in an atmosphere of devotion. It is only bore that thoy can find it without fleck or blemish or any worldly pollution. Ia this remote village there aro no Bights to see, tiicre is no newspapor to intrudo tha worries of tho distant world, thoro is nothing going on, it is always Sunday. Tho pilgrim wonds to his temple out of town, sits out his moving sorvioo, returns to iiis bed with his heart and his soul and his body exhausted by long hours of tremen dous emotian, and ho is in no fit condition to do nnytliing but lie torpid and slowly gather baok life and strongth for tbo noxt service. This opera of Tristan nnd Isolde broke the hearts of all witnesses who woro of the faith, and I know of some and havo heard of many who could not sleep after it, bat cried the night away. I feel strongly out of place here. Sometimes I feel like the ono sano person in n community of the inad ; sometimes I feel like tho one blind mail whoro all others see ; the one groping savage ia the college of tho learned, anil always daring service I feel like a lieretio in heaven. But by no menus do I ever overlook or minify tho fact that this is one of the most extraordi nary experiences of ray life. I have never seen anything like this before. I have nover seen anything so groat and fino and real as this davo tion. Parsifal was given again. The others went, and they show marked advanca in appreoiatiou ; but I went hunting for relics and reminders of the Margravine AVilhelmina, alio of tho im. perishable " Memoirs." I am proporly grateful toher for her (unco'nsolohs) satiro upon monaroby and nobility, and therefore nothing which her hand touched, or hor eye looked upon, is indif ferent to roe." I am her pilgrim ; the rest of this multitude hero aro AYagner's. . I have seen my last two operas, my season is ended, and we cross over into Bohemia. I was supposing that my musiaal regeneration .wits accomplished and perfected/because I on joyed hath of these oporas, singing and all, and, moreover, one of thom was Parsifal; but tho experts have disenchanted me. They say:— ' ' Sieging ! That wasn't singing ; , that w»s the. wailing nnd soroeching of third: rate absaurities, palmad off on ua in the. interest of ooonomy." AYell, I ought to havo rooognised . the sign-T- tkoold, Bute sign tbnt has never fnilotl me in matters of art. AVhonever I enjoy anything iu art, it means that it is mighty poor. The pri vate knowledge of this fact lias saved me from going to piocos with enthusiasm in front of many and many a ckromo. However, my hose instinct docs bring mo profit sometimes : I was the only man out of 3200 who got hia money back on those two operas. A buried city has been discovered at the bottom of the Adriatic, a little to the south of tho poninsula of Istria. It is believed to bs the last town of Cissn, whioh was located on an island described by Pliny, but which cannot now be found. 