Aquatics. Hems. It is probable that arrangements will be almost im mediately made for the carrying out of the annual Anmversary Regatta on January 26. Some of the leading yachtsmen and members of the sailing clubs have taken the matter in hand, and a meeting of the members of rowing clubs will be convened to assist in carrying out the anniversary holiday to a success. The following programme of sports, promoted by Mr. R. J. Banks of Eushcntters 'Bay, were success fully carried out on Saturday afternoon : — First race, open to all boats, best and best, prize trophy : Our Tom (W. Stannard), 2min, 1 ; Wild Wave (B. Walker), 3min, 2. Other entries: Susie, scratch; Iris and Ghost, 3min ; Dolphin, lOmin. Handi caps were given at the start. Our Tom soon took the lead, and .won comfortably. All-Comers in light Skiffs ; prize, silver cup : H. Messenger, 1; C. Messenger, 2. Rowing Race amongst boats belonging to R. J. Banks'e Shed; prize, J62.— First heat: T. Burk, feather, 1; F. Brown, 101b, 2 ; other starters, Pitman and J. Hinoe. Second heat : V. Carlson, 701b, 1 ; M. Burke, 201b, 2; other starter, J. Brown, feather. Final heat: F. Brown, 1; T. Burke, 2; V. Carlson, 3. Mr. E. Crosbie, as hon. secretary, had charge of all arrange ments. The Manly Rowing and Sailing Club had an outing on Saturday afternoon, and partook of luncheon together at Reef Beach, North Harbor, winding np the evening by a smoke concert at the Clarendon Hotel. On Saturday afternoon a race for boats over 16ft took place, for -which there were three entries, viz. c Rosina, scratch; Linnett, 2min; and Mary Jane, 5min. The handicaps were given at the start, and the Mary Jane waB never caught, passing the judge's boat at 4h 49min; Linnett, 4h 50min; andRoBina, 4h 51£min. The boats were handled by MeBsrs. G. Maoready, Jno. Smith, and W. R. Ainsworth respec tively. Mr. Rodwell carried out the duties of starter, timekeener. artd indm. An outrigger race took place et Maclean on Saturday afternoon, for which the starters were j T. Croese (scratch), T. Sullivan (3 lengths), A. Cormack (6 lengths), P. Finnessey (7 lengths), A. Gruer (8 lengths). The race was a splendid contest between Croese and Sullivan, the former winning by about a couple of lengths. A match between the Maclean Sailing Club boats Lucia and Fearless, for .£25 a-side* was won by the Fearless, with 9min to spare. The second round and fi-nnl heat of the Balmain Rowing Club Single Scull Race for club prizes were contested on Saturday afternoon. There was a large attendance, including a number of ladies. Orton won the first heat -easily from For and Waite. Time, 14min 6seo. The second heat resulted in a win for Spooner, who defeated Grimm and Boulton in 15min 48sec. Reed won the third heat in 15min 34sec, defeating Cos grove and Bailey. The final was a good race between Spooner and Reed, Orton being out of it owing to bad steering. Spooner won by a .couple of lengths in, 14min 35sec. Mr. F. J. Donovan presided at a meeting of the Johnstone's Bay Sailing Club, held at Leach's Com mercial Hotel last night. There was a large at tendance. The sailing rules were revised. MesBrs. C. Penfold and J. Dempster were appointed joint hon. sees, in lieu of Mr. Griffiths, resigned. 