. »' '-'Si . Vr-. ; i' ' .f< ' »' Parisiaii ; P4rlauce.> ''" - ' - PAWMhylr' \- S6cibty-1(fJcongrntulati'ng' itself- on 'its 'Fitet of May viotory ovor thonnnrohists, for' the real nrtfsan'us woll as.tlio middlo classes,, abstained from nil manifestation and stiivcd within doors or "remained in bed.' 'Of .course thb'G'oycm- mont doit'ilts for 'somotliilVg in 'Securing 'tho liajipy tosidt, by tlio - fm-inidahlo' and tactically inidsiblo nature of its- arrangements1 for quell ing, all playing at disorder, and showing tho political' Mohicans ' that violence cannot bo in- oludei! iii Alty- 'prdgluilTile 'f6i- social feforlns. Now thiit SboiCtyis'reeovOiihg from itk funic,- it is to bo hoped- it Will hover ngitin lapse into a parallel abandonment of its.responsibilitios. .. The polgians liavo- brilliantly captured the nutliora'df tho 'dyriahnte outrages nt Liege, and tho polirfc -inspdetors wortl' itninoctiately- iihih- datod with 'visitnig' cards froni citizens, com- plimouHri'g -thorn on their ability nnd suecess; The examination of the/prisoners was then and there proceeded with, openly' and.exhaiistively, a ' happy ' contrast With — ilnd ' a praotical ex/ ample- really worthy df imitiitidn--the luxin-y of secrecy ond mystery, that tho Frouoli polioo or examining-, magistrates : .envelop tiioir criminal investigations during tho initial stage. Tho "penalty of death ' crista on tlio 'statuio book of -Belgium, but 'it is hbver ' applied, li criminal condemned to cupital punishment is sent to tho solitary colls nt Louraln for life (Bolgium has no ponal colonics), where thoy invnriably suocumb to madness, in tho cour3o of four years'.' / ' ' ' '. , " '. Public opinion' cohtiiiues to lio rathdt at sett rospeoting tho polltioal game now being played by tho French bishops. One half of tho episcopal bench dcolarqs vyar to the ropublic by advising tlieir diocesans 'how' to 'vote,'' irad that wc require no ' ghost froiif tlio ' gravo to toll its. Tin's is in'diroot opposition to the wishos of tho Popo. Thq other lnoiiiy of the prelates act ns his Holiness, desires. The Republicans remnin Bigniiloantly silont, save to indulgo in tlio sarcastic wlnlr, that 'both 'moieties understand each other' perfectly well, and aro award of tho uso of tho two strings to A bow; Bo this as it may, tho Government has withdrawn tho Stato stipend, 6,000. francs a year, not a. fat . endow ment, from tho Bishop of Nanoyi for insur rectional condiiot'.' Hi3 ilook subscribed tho cahoollcd allowanoo in a'fow hours. Could' this plan of voluntary .payment of tho clergy bo generalised, tho question . of separation _ of ohuroh from State would bo solved ; tho nation would oconbihiSo 64,000,000 francs ' annually for tho 'budgot / tho olorgy would '.bo freo to -hammer1 away wiHi a Boanerges thunder at tho Ropuhlio and any other insti tution unprotected by -the,.;, Concordat, and amenable - liko Roger Bont'onrps only to tlio common law. It is'a sihgtilar faot not tho- less that during the recont municipal elections _ nil over Franco, the counaele of tho political bishops hostilo to tho present constitution did not prevent tho electors from plumping for tho Republic. It is curious tliat-notwithstaucung all tueir wide experience of -mankind, the Catholio olergy can bo so easily imposed upon. Like tho poorer clergy and old maids of England, thoy ore tho nappy hunting ground Tor all swindlors to work upon, TI10 assizos of Ynlenco lias just"' sent ono Hadelt, ' a Prussian, to' tho giullotlno, for hiurdering a fellow monk in tho Trappist Monastery of Aignobolle. He did not iis niuoh assay to his victim, " Brother it i3 necessary to die ! " hut knooked him on tho back of tho head ; left him flat on his faco dead, theu robbed the monastio safe of cash and valuables ; making a white timook out of tho cook's uprons, to replace his monastic robo ; next ho decamped, only halting to violate ii country girl. Tho onlprit's ante cedents would fill six pages of a Newgate calendar with infamies, many, too, at the ex pense of tho ohm-oh in several lands; Yet this wretch merely turns TrnppiBt, 0 variety in his Protean oharactor, in ordor to rob the monas tery's treasury, and is adopted by tho religioux as a brother, without controlling his indi viduality," or at least not 'exercising asintrch preliminary preoaution as" one would when engaging a -plain cook, or a man of all work. Deibler, in the 220 heads ho lias ohopped-off in his professional life, will in Hadelt havo a porfeot fierid-patient. TV1iq is Emil Finanoe. that -has astonished' Paris bv leaving two-thirds of "his fortune— f two million francs— to tho oity oharities ? /Ho is a young man, aherhilt,' Wh6 lias ' just died' at the ago of 22, and who knew he' was- not" only dopmed to death, hut' fated to -die, for' .fiyo years. His moihor . wiis tho widow of one of the foundors'of :,thq; leOding/qiitfitting. ostah- liBhments of Paris ; ho died, loftving his wealth to- his 'two daughters ; the - widowremarried, and had three sons; she is herself dead, and her husband from whom she was separated survives her. ' All.the children were remarkably handsome; five years" ago tho oldest girl died, . her fortune was inherited by her sister ; a few months later she died;- and all the wealth reverted to the three step-brothers. Tho eldest brother dwindled and succumbed ; his two brothers suooeeded to his'fortuno ; thowjived at Neuilly ; rode out every day ; were idolised for their charity, hat people prayed for theim— t.wn enuestrian spectres — as Hiey rode past. Tho second brother died six weeks ago, and Emilo last week, aged as stated but 22. A few hours before his doaHi ho finished writing his will ; after making a provision for his father; ho loft his shares 111 the monster shop to bo divided among the omployoes. The family suffered from decomposition of the blood. 