A WtDD£DR$IOUto ; THWrijiuf UlBll CIIAI'TKR VI. ON LAND AND .SKA. lucre was 110 answer from the man at the other side of the grave. His face was towards the dimming line of twilight, and bitterness was in his heart. "John — and Royal Karslake drew near and laid his hand upon his shoulder — "John, the world says Madolin mur dered Charlotte because they both loved the same man, and the— the maid was jealous of her mistress. But it is not so. Yon know the shadow that came between Hermione Karslake and me." Yes ; it was another man — a villain ! I heard the story vaguely, but you never told me of it." "Did you never hear his name ?" " Never." A pause, brief, yet eloquent even in silence, and then Royal Karslake soolte again. His name was Arthur Ncgwyn !" he said, in a choking voice, and John Dimisdale turned upon him, with a gasp ing cry. " Powers of mercy ! Arthur lYcgxvyn ! And she Madolin Oh, 110, no, no 1 It cannot be the same ! This man is young. " Yes— his son !" Royal Karslake made reply. "You have see him, then ?" Once only. Hit looked a man of three or four and twenty," Mi. Dimisdale said. He might look that — young men often do ; but my reckoning stands that he is eighteen, Well, the story of her mother's shame I told to Madolin 011 the night of our reunion. Ah ! how well I understand now the horror on her face the terror in her eyes ! But let it pass! I did tell her, and yet she went straight to his arms. By accident, Charlotte must have witnessed their wedding— if such a thing there ever w.'t's — for she died before she could explain fully. Do you understand now what I mean? She murdered your child to keep the brutal truth from reaching me, and then, tight ened at her crime, shegshe Oh ! may a father s curse wither and torment her to the end ! she fled to him with infamy and shame !" Gasping and low, his shuddering voice broke down, and there was that upon his face a brother might have shrank from. John Dimisdale did not speak and once again dead silence fell between them. A darkness crept over the yellow glow in the western sky ! out there, to the east, a ghostly little arc was struggling to rise into the purple shadows of the clouds, and then, silent and sombre and softly, Nighfc dre\r her sable curtain down, , And pinned it with a .star." "John ' and the voice was softer thte time — "John, the world has nothing left for us to live for now. My only hope my only wish, is to get away to some secluded spstand live it to its end." A pause, and then ; "John will you share , that lonely, childless home with me ?" The reply was not in .words ; it was only the firm, strong pressure of a hand laid in his, and Royal Karslake was answered. The white lustre of starlight slept on ,eart!1 at hi.s feet ; the soft fingers of the wind was in his hair, as on that other night, and once again there came before him the vision of that yellow twilight «Cea ?"» the lo"ely 2ravc marked Madolin." But there was no shrinking, no shudder ing noyv. Shame is over when the grave is closed, for man's bitterness goes not l down into the tomb, and he only bowed his head and murmured : "It is better so — I would welcome it !" A»d a gfeat darkness crept before the face of the stars, and the moon paled above him. . i„rT'ie aSt adi.eu 'lad been said ; Mrs. Melissa stood in the doorway and watch- ed the carriage roll down the winding lane ; George Washington had scrambled up on the gate-post and belched out a farewell salute from the tin dinner-horn the farm hands had leaned on their spades and hoes and waved good-bye to " Mr and Mrs. Jones and my lord Glandore and his countess were on their way to r: "I. '-JL catch the Euro:, a, -.nd be off to " Marie I England.'' \a> pan.' and very much frightened, |L''- '-u-'tn.v should throw her in her i.ither s path :lu,| he should penetrate the ctisgui.se they had assumed, iUadolin Hung closely to her husband's arm, and scarcely ventured. to look about her, as tDe vehicle swept down the wooded road and rolled on in the fair bright, sunlit morning. But whai ever the future held for the Countess of Glandore, discovery now was something not fated to overtake her ; and without a su.spici.011 that the woman the strong arm of the law was reaching after was vciy nearjthcin now, the police suffered Lord Glandore and his bride to enter and pass through the great metropolis, and to board the Emopa, unsuspected and and unmolested. A single valise, the property of the young earl, was the extent of their bag- gage ; for Lord Glandore meant that hi.s bride should secure proper clothing in England, sooner than waste time before starting, and tiiis was conveyed to tiieir state-room. hive rung out. from the city clocks ; the cables were cast oft ; the crowd on the dock cheered and shouted boil voyage" to the throng on the steamei s deck ; and then, amid shouts and cries, and the waving of handker chiefs, the great, dark vessel strcmed out into the river and headed for the ooen sen. Ditikness closed iti with a solemn hush over the turbulent stretch of dismal waters ; the moon came out —a little, silver ghost-light set in the black face of night ; the lights of Sandy Hook spluttered, flared, and flickered, like tiny golden stars ; and through the silence anil the solitude that lay about them the ship went rolling on. Lady Glandore (or " Mrs. Jones" as the passengers knew her) made but few friends, for, retiring and modest as she was, she kept aloof from all. All, did I say ? Pardon me, I am not right there for out of the many passengers who thronged the gilded saloon of the steamer her lady-ship's heart opened to one person and, oddly enough, that person was a young girl of her own age, who boasted of the stage as her profession bhe was a bright, piquant, lovely little creature, mil of life and laughter, and vivacity and was on her way to fulful an engagement at the Drury Lane Theatre ; and 111 the exceedingly short space of four and twenty hours after the Eurooa 1). > succeeded in dancing, and laughing, and whirling her way into everybody's affections, and the young countess was amongjthose who learned to love the little actress dearly. For three successive days the sun rose and set 111 calm gold splendour over the trackless silver of the ocean, but the motning of the fourth dawned hope- .essly wet and dieary. A dense white log hung over the sea, excluding every thing beyond the bowsprit, and by noon this had increased so terribly that the fog-horns were sounded, the look-out was stationed to give warning of their presence in case of passing vessels, and the ladies were ordered not to come 011 deck. ( To be continued.) fibi.LOWAYs Pills. In general debility, menta depression, and nervous irritability there is no medicine which operates so like a charm as these famous I ills 1 hey purify the blood, soothe and strengthen the nerves and system, give tone to the stomach, elevate the spirits, and, in fact, mak- the patient sensible of a total and most deliuhtful revolution 111 his whole system. They mav be commended most unreservedly as the very best family medicine in existence. Though so power fully efficacious, they are singularly mild in' their operation, and might be given with perfect confidence to delicate women and young children They contain not a grain of mercury, or anv other noxious substance, and cannot do harm Delicate females and all persons of sedentary habits ( tvill find these Pills a blessing. 1 he Best Remedy For Indigestion - Norton s Camomile Pills are confidently tecommended as a Simple Remedy for Indiges- rion, which is the cause of nearly all the dis eases to which wc are subjected. Norton's I ILLS, in justice called the "Natural Strength «t-.rof the Human Stomach," act as a powcrfu tome and gentle aperient, are mild in their Sohl lnV"' Sa'e Under circumstances. Sold in bottles, is id., as 6d.. r is. by all medicine vendors in the world. 