.AN THE SEA GIVE; UP ITS DEAD ? \--+-4 Told by an Ex-Datectivo. CIAP'ERII I. TH0E G0 iO-TL'Y tLt'IST. In that delightful eu!turb cf L :rden, laorrs.tcad, dwelt Sir Charkls Lestt r, a tru not of1 great ;, ilth for the peoition he held oy hil ralk. S:t1!, he was proud and haughty. and, to tca, who offludnd him, Iteri and unforgivnug. Th house in rthio he livel wtas an old-fa.l ioned red bric ncue, turtoundtd ou: a I high wall and ftic old tree,, which absut our the ch:auing p:stcnt of the country arcund. Toe wlidoos were quaint, bhi::; formal of little I tqiares-for Sr Charlos wolid ho.oo beL n horritled at the idea of modarnizinr; tic dcar old place, lie had for mtuny , ars liveed a:lne t tite lifeo ? a her. nmit; IenO bio ourn relatic wvereo received with Such cojldoLo tial Ctey called as sldom as pro. priety wouldi fpttnit. To tbia qutal mansion I had bee? eunrmoned, and there I found Sir Cioalca c atended upon a eoIf hLe, w?ith a rotll tsOble lactd by his tide. On this tehle were fltnie, a Bible, anrd a bottle of phi pic. o" lIa satcd, M.: ierval," raid Sir Charh. "?[ay I ·Clr you oJs rtjreohraent! "N\\. thatcn you, Sir Charles ; bat, if you please, we wth:: t,, buamiUe . I always like to have the fuil pattiCiuaro at nsue, and I would ask you n?t to keep any occ:t Item roe. Oh ceurae, what you tell me will be in the atetiaest coat.iiice." "(icod I will endeavor to carry cat your in. structone. I may as well inlfero you that this house I:rs hel, toid to be heatertd .ver amen the days of (Q teo Anne. I did not bh!ievo it; but now "- Ie1sau.cJ, ltie fsca aa.::Wtu 1ps!, and h;i lips quivercd. Then he added in a broken voicae: ".1'o: :i(; ii." "rliiteve it, S:r C arle '" I ?xclaimel, in as· toniEhtactt,. ' I; would take a great deal to make teo b.li?u any Iecure was haunted." "'Tet aony be. llov/evr, litc., You tant know tihat my estatcs weretott.i'ed, Luat ay ,andlather, with tLocone?nt ofl my lilaher a:d luyeIl,cut oif the ut.tail. The rartons for doin; this wcre, fleetly, .craty mratgg$ta ,ohic hltad Lihel moda to pay ray grand!..t11er ' gambiitg debta-for Iwe all ptclerred 10l0o.i to dishonor." " liu, S.r Chtrtic, tol ra 2 not poor " "NUt a a: ',rio;.o n:. a ," an ..r t b Carloe, with pride; "but tar my t:oition terribly eo. Well, let that matter peae. I came ient, the p:Cuely, in idu catree of time, end set abcet restorint the fa?ily fortune. Fo3lih idea ! I etl;cd miy knowlt:de of the world by mar ryngr :', a i ner-beauti. ful t an ancgel. hut no mcr:or; sie dtd in giing bihrh to a ohbid. Oh, howv I loved that chill! Per. hapa I aln to blre frI whvit htipoenc i al:f?rtcrwre. littie.t goev: up til-oiiltd, and--l?avcn i:tg,';C: tae !cr having to sty it of may sent I-dico!ute ta a degree. I rtu:d with himtt-he la?:v?td in my toce; I beca.re sater-he repliet itn qu a nger. I Itru;ed hint flotl my dcue, Ltod h· tled to America. But a v?cog.rce lomorle tceble than mine overtoot thI't. 'r:t.:eea struck uprn PonteO r., t the cot., :I Auttrelia? and evey ecul un ba r.i tot riehd. 1!t time beads the dteleet wcnd clI ::.:- ' a,:ion:, :andl i forgot andt fcrgavc .lv: ir;. I a.ootpd n r'ationa n e:uin enly-who le row at col:,; e, an1 on himt 1 hab:vo ttled cvcrythlrl:;-r.ye, ccn to my heart's i Intvao, and cull have I bhoa rj.i t Ly Lis rff:c- I t'on." ' We , Sir C b:rlo," I raid, 'if that is the case, I tr;nt o , u are at la: L3.a,;:..' " I o!teud b!:ae oton c "u i ' .:h: rai::t. Then, r.flr a I p.uv, ti: cdo Il d in ol oat::tock olhi:per, "i'an the i t a 'iv up I io do ti the intentity with ah ch lOen i ieo a weal p, to:eo!..s:t tt'ted rte. I cu , n aw?:antt.upt tis a ?i!e, I ha . i Oot u ' it "i % Iw n "' Lrt'ieir ii tLe suFp"::otara!. li? }l av hiotl: Eef r i:(r to o ., hLl aiedj. in r, a ,,,hycr:( My son tlea t.?h x","- r ..e!:.:,a, haur?. rthI onee e. I-1I .:,: i. It n .u st b et e L eta ; 11 L !:i:- J i C r S irig , lit,m y ! ?:; it.r I remarked. " .iher," he i .c e Itr -'r . "' .:,m !i5 lpiic . I hatl j oet r ca!:ie fro.oI c.0h li; ' 3 ont ty n th', totnolt tllf t' .at : ; ' ,a. [J'c, ' o ' a thedoow glide c's? the rt . I ,l. r from ai: r ft?.tion of tie ie.p, act a." ut' ::i,c' with hn. Les.' and wrlth thei" r.t c': p?:0. l. J vsotr, 'It en':eolhlt ol: I "atoo'e so " li to ,. . ' v'est t:' .: . F1 . ne. ' ":" ;. lido to 'Oedr ier itc r - 0t' L ' " ;!h ; a vrn- t.t ooui c a ec l; riet . l ' '. t:. " A :ip : : t(, ;td to k:ot.', erit ;:o?:.! t.: tpri t '. r: dr.. II :w e l:u, ann tue ,:,: i" ituk to'.r:t:m a c.ti' n dccurtent." "'Are y,": .rt C:, Catrc, you y e, v t'Co dreamngi (' "I waoo r oldreaming, 'Mr. eta, n. "O, r.o I I cIlled cut, ',:n r.r %y Ct- t.I:,'t do yo't woat htoer?' tiuo spctre turnedi'o io :e.f o rt rI r., a-'r I am: by the pala :i,;I, of the mut.on thlo i'strt,.t bof ly on,. lie gazed a :rrofolily At oe,anod th.n vaunihed cloeos by that old tardrote." '. otattliog oteryI" I remarked. "!Have ycu le It ont io;ing cc oa? "unl.oy-only once-oand then it vani?heo in a mor urt. " Ot fouln d t'; t ... ..r t .l rift "l, ' Ye?; b? t it hlr?}r b 'r 1 a ,u?"nd ,:; I ra i." "And wit.t o ?i. u.t mare, f iee docauent l? ' I ioquircd. "My still. iTu. w,.l Ila Li:h I leavd all my pro. pirty to m ?y do led tont-(G:;o Standing. Never. But I havokeo n that oit haoe b:a near me. I hor.v beard it." •Uard it I" " Yes. Ilao I nect t~otl you tohat u) wife was a sloger I Wlt, the acd in play the hart" ando ia ly Whan bhe dued 1 could not bear tLo right af tho in etrument, nd had i0 removed to a room wnhreo amorgt old .abint :d sot d rto , i: hf s remaIiner ed, in p?l??t of my ,l'?n'in i.tir tht it &oot;?l, ie giVe to him-for hie maa I.o teinately foold (of uroi; kut I coult not 'b-r rny 0:e to tocth h+ r hrr, lon it remaineod elent ti:td "--lOre ' I au:'J. Iuts, i hid hand quickly over is to , anud kroanod. Tiou, letting over ttoord to:, ,o oai.J" in a en o... whisper," Unti alow nilo hti ago, g hen I t~ -ta that narp played by-by-my wile. " Imposoile IYon ',il that 'he died in ;iving birth to ytour only Eo ?" 1 orotork ·,o. "Thai is perfectly truet; blt at Ithe came timnc I can wear that I haari htr plny one of thore will German airs of whiCt'h hte used to he Eo fUnd. I limlened, entranced. I cnuldtot-I dared 0o0 move. Tha natx morning I weot to the r oom, nt into i - l au.'t . ,io aloe. I l'.otnd it 'o3rhd i al bhtad a I bad ht it. I e'a.o::t:ecd the itr, , lo, it the tutt was atibl on then. No ono cauld ino o itred that "Your adopted Eon, Olr o'. ', i'atoiitog-dat At kuow Stoythioot about taio Il' ,'no'd. "I wroti him all Iartieuoare and I expented him hLre from Oford b?eo te oua r.phdo E the baton I I wietbed eyou to conic' oitlo hlml." "ConCound it alll I thouagt, * W\'len will people learn to keep th.ir tongus noill 1" laut I said quietly to Sir Gbarh," ,, I am tore I othall be most delighted, and "- The sororoua clang of the lard: lll intecrttloedo us, A arirtage canoe up the drive, oa'ot in a t:oo momento a handaoace yaoong fhl t, Irl t itnt, the room in a mannur I theought lilL itted for a eaick "My dear becnctor," he criehurrying up to the bed and bending over the lrt n::roll, " weat ti this I hear 1 Can ii io thnt come ooetthee are toy. ing by hese meana to rob you-to kill you-byi working en otrS too Stoaitivo natur ? 0" eonreo no t ttheir being real spcetrecs, thet'e all tmoon shine." ,lieh,hueh, GeorgeI"sai Sir Charl. faintly; Syou are too boisteroun for me. 'ril in the rcento. man whom I hare had fetchod from Iondon tosacue the mytotry, and he ep?p that we nouct hoep the matter eatirely to ourtelveo. You muot not ht a esoUa into the b tho te know who or what he it an unlderstand 1" Mr Georgo Standing declared he.did undirsiooll, and laook me sordlallp b7 Ike hand, raing Itha he walo help me in ecrny way. Then ho itnriwstet that be would eleep in lir Charls' mnot, alnd oir Chules have another, where he wnmoll et obe di I had wihied to have made thu eaton proln!.., about the room, as 1 wanted to et.'p there; but the _baronet seemef ddlighted at his e'hopted aor't cou. rage, ano so I had to iive up toy claim. I strolled into tho itte,}iveitOr .et:,ls, and lit my e-ige ao as to smoky aol think otor thosee,,. But l could makroothl? of it. Ot a trutt I did not lIk the interfetenoeo f 3Jr Ijeerge Stncing-- o a bameems, oep d-fnld ilenithmsu.tut wih un., Ss d-tips, an11 .batt d~'nie, far too I Dinner over, at 'Mr fi:Sading's invitation I joined him in the smokiugreum, where we had some capital cigars and cuff:e. In cnurn ofeonvereation he lot drop the e:cret that Sir Charles's son had to go abroad in coauequence of some forgeries he bid committed. "Sir Ch?ales never told ma that," I said, quickly., "No, cf coerce he would not-the honor of the family, and all that kiud of thio,," said Mr Stand. ing, eouevwhathusltily. '" And nor poor lertie bas gone, the Last said about it the better. But that ewas the case. Of couree Herbert had to bolt, a" d •cou know the tent-ho enCo drowned.' " You are sure he twa drowncd ?" "P'oitive. I do not lniow all the full particulars bi:t Sir C?irles h:ad the ease thoroughly invectigated, and thre wre anot the eiightest doubt of it. I never could make poor lHerbert out. I euppoee hid erratic and bad qualities came from the mother's aide." " l'hrhcpe so," I remnarked, quietly. "You sleep in Sir Chiarte's room tonight?" "I do," he muttered, pulling forth apintol. "And if tihe ghost appears I intend tiring at it." " Be careful, aond don't shoot rashly, " I remarked. " II Sir Charles really did seu this phantom, who can tell that tmay not be some slhep-walker? And in that ease it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in the lowenst degrc ." "Never fuor me; I know what i am about," he eaid. "'I'crhaps you will have news by the morn, icg." " PLrhaps I shall," I said, and, wishing him good I eccaiug, etrolkd out in the grounds. CIIAPTER If. lcue HvTERY OF TIEc HARP. That night, being tired from the day's work and the freAt air, I soon fell vsicep, to dream of all kinds of ghoats and mysterious museic. Suddenly I awoke, uan as I collected my thoughts, the sounds of musie fell upon my care, but not the mu:ch .hich I had heard in my dreams. It was the music of a harp lightly touched, and yet with eeluiei:t : celing. I do confese that alfter all Sir Charles had tcld rue, I began to feel superstitious for the ftit tiee in my life; but for all that I was not to be done. S, gettieg oat of bed hastily, I put on moy clot!he, taking care, however, :.l to put on my boots; for I wished to steal about t-e house as noiselesely as possible. The mustic had ceasel by now, and all the houne eaemed wrapped in rilence. Taking up the lamp I gpnlty unlocked my door, and stole cut into the -t. ioor. All quiet. Indeed, after the chock my nervce had receird, all seemnel to me most nneaturaily quiet, rcud I could realie the old earing-" .l sti. as JuI," I tweo about to rltarn to my own room when the 'arp epi'ot of a p-teol ýmote upon my enr. It wso IJilocaee by a f..i:t cry, anod both came from the rceri lat-ely uccupnid by Sir Ch?rlt?, and nci icen:t'd Ly his adoi.ted eun. I soon found that re; ,.I lets ad iroed the repart of the pistol. Tee houu!i::ll had bLcn aroused, and liGhbt brcaa to iith chJut. "iiai:, quick I" I erie]. "Come hereI" y \Vit ii it, cir? What is the matter 1" d. mandeid many of the servant3 as they hurried to vwardi e. " I dn : know, Blut follow mo." I e;ooLu. ao?u?r hans entered the roo:n alone, but t:hat could ~ei: be. \We knocked at the doer end cs.ikd on Ilr Sar.ding, but no reply came. So, . tari:::: Coe ctr two others to help me, ce burst in til:?dor. G.oroe S:anlin:: la) on the bed an pale as death. In.v, , oIhlsn I fir:t reahicI L belicveJ he was dead; bu? th.e crvats deshed water over his ti:o, and i:ir a li:lh while he recovered. In fact, I !th?1?b he recoverel somewhat eooncr than was 1:;,,ural. " i."t *ec get cut of this horrid reoom!" he cried. " I nate -en it-I hare een it !" o Sen wh?t?' demanded the rcrvants, enarly. '.' S':aiidie:e" I said, etcroly, "ore you a :::J. t:: ,:'.: : could hlae eao riuhtced oul ''l.: owv ill Sr Cranles L .?tr i,. By the way," I cto;ue, turning to theo ereante, " some of you 1i; ::tt r :o and coo how Sir Ca?rlcs is. 'Thi n:ati ir.:ak-ni.;:?t-ure, or whN.tci(r it ic-may avee reatly larmed himn. The rrst can go to bed. I vii :ct11 lt 1 it . n .It liioi, ''," 01 ceurir tci. '. rv:at dii not like this, as it did ct aade:ly their curiaoity; but as Ite Standing, :0,u-s to cry surprine, ordered the people to obey i:. they d;d so movt relucteatly. Vi'le itn to.re clonc, anil the door seC:ltely l'c1.., I turned upon Mr Standiog, and caid, qe..iy : "Mr nrs:dileg. I anm t:ot ti be huenbumged. Whaet is the cumanin" of tthit little game?' H. (i:e 'i:"? c:!.ij:c. "I do nut understand you. What do you mean ?" 1 tri td to lock indignant, hbt I c;uli seo that he mocv-d 'about Unceaily,Ded there was that trembling tO the upper lip which no hooest or truthful man evr has. "I aimply ineane thic. I do not believe a word laout the ghoat. I believe yoll have done this only o flri,;htreu SCr Cast?s. I do not believe in ghoste, ::nd tLerecore 1 oIo not for ono moment credit that ir llerbert f:ter amuses himself by marching Beo?it ti;hee rooums at the dead of night. Sir Charles is ill; he has been very severe with heis eon, whose tdeth has been a heavy blow to him. Naturd'ly, in li5 weak slate, hi I iminaitton runa wild, and he 1[0ica all hinde of thingd, aud nothing so likely tht: his heated tlhoughte should run upon his boy. B:ot re: are difirentt. From what I can hear, therir: noicr was much love between you and Mr l:,rbert. ]?iu could only conjure up such a vneion fromth C t cunse." "luded ! And what may that cause bol' ha Eid, ith a IIforced laugh and a meaning glanen at " To kiil S:r Charles with fear and remorse. You keonv the nervaus elate he is in, and any great shock u:ight bo hisd death. Taklbe my advice, sir; go and see tbhe baronet at once. Tell him it must have been "liBy hrventu, it c re not 1" criel the young fellow, qclistkly. Fi Very well, then, if you will not go I must," I ci!l, ,liitly. "Only I thought you could have mode the story to t t3 stuit your purpose better tioli I shall be able to do." lie thought fcr a moment, and then hasttly wrap. l:eg an dressinglgon about hime.i.lf, thtut his feet :.tto hi lip..per, and, muttering something about hctia' ready to do c?lat Iwished, although he ea vi 'one in it, tlit the room. I waited until I was cUre he would not return, thcn locked the door. I seiecd the lamp, and toed Ithbe lieht up a little way eo that 1 could sa' b:tter, Then I began to examine the place care!llly whezre the etectre was Eaid to have diap. l'ne cwall ttapt:red solid enCOUgh. I tried it gently vwith c's kluckbee , but no sound of hollownes was giv·n forth. Souldenly my eyes were arrested by a nout on the lpoliv.cd boards. I knelt down and ex. nvlil:ed it eruloly. It was wet, and when I touched it [ found tnat it was blood. Ye. blood ! I traced it on and on, drip by drip, uetil I came to the rectes b thie old-laehioned lire' place. ltre they cn'etd. I ezaminedthe waineot c?roluliy, and at l.st dianovered what appeared to be a ouall curved knbch, which I screwed round,and found that the coak planet on which it was fixed yi.'hkd at once to my touch, andl I discovered a a:troev ov:uinig, in which war a staircase. 1 fclund the )ecret of the oprine irctii', and then, ban. in ountered the pecnne, cloeed the d or carefully belhind me. l:p. up, up I went, for the etairoce wasr spiral, lheiL at le't I foured myeyft oppoeite antiher door, 'hich I xsmied corel rully, and soon discoered a similar epring as in the dcor below. I was about to touch it, when low, seweet souns of glorious nlt;'i rose htfily on the air-so olitly that I could Eosrcply believe i: to be of thin earth. I turned the light of the lamp down until it was ooly a spark, and then placed it upon the step. I turecd the secret spring, pushed open the door, which opened noiselessly, and crpt into the luom. ler'room-for the stund toll me that wos the 2ratment caid to be hlaunted. It wan a fiou long room, lighted only on one side by low, gabled win. dow., through which the fitful light of thile moon now and then eeamed as slhe broke through storm. rent clouds. By thae light I managed to toe that there were heaps of old fornitore and nnsch like thinioy about, looking most ghost like iu the gloom. itat one object tired my attention, and I became blod to all othere. It wse a ryoung man who was seate.d art a hop, the stlring of which ho touched plointivelvy. otilt hin pale face was turned with a totrosfullook to the waldow. I kne!w it in an instatnt. It owa tlht of Ilerbert Leater, obut s0 ghastly pale tlhealu I.lu t behored it wa a ghoalt. Prneintly he touched hloe strings reeber louder, studing forth he waeid aouuds which had so startlled the household. wa tt1," theuiht I, " anything more like a ghout I necer aew. But resona teilt mae ghosta anaot poll 6Up artlaa; t g llhi e,' - .." .la ,iaW ht. tW ·ulw ii?' Ib .-hiti '-- sri ss same* "Herbert Lester, what is the meauing of this folly ?" I said. There was no doubt hoe was th.re, flesh and bono now; for ho turned rouan I and Grrppled with me with a strength that I cull not havo btlie'ved eo frail a creature could haer posjeat?d. Ilorrever, I soon had hbin under my control, r! said. : "Lieten to nme. eir. 1 am your fri,3, antheogh the way 1 may hve to b,Ehave m y net eccci ]li:e it. We hrve not a omirnut to lo?o; r., if you pleaso, you will jl.t tell me wnte the re?kl: otli"r i ontlJ, hiding nothicg fromi mce. I 'mtrinetr, I say, I nam your friend, and I me:n i;. Colrn; Ep:ak out, and do nout hide a thing." 'T: yo:tu Ilium car that I was right, and britlly toll me all. CIIAL'ER III, ItE~ttlluclsN. Then, uoiseal:ely ant ut:iou!y, we crept ton the door ot Sir Charles L:s:cr'a elrpi-!g a:oa::tmcnt. 13; the dim light of a madera'tur lamp, which was only halt turned up and caretully ei:rded, I saw Sir Charles seated in bat, propped nt by pillo'w, By Itite Ldii~o stood G;orge, :is right hand grasped in tho long thin onces of thue sic. tan, and the telt placed over his eyes. lie looked the picture of :ifd. "My eon-for so I deall not? cooridtr you, !1cr. ber bein,: dead-I feel thlr but a feew da?o, or at I beeL weeks, can interveno b.rtmea this? rad mry I dath, Id, Inel whl;en we are ien trcng health, bow little do we think of tli ratihnece? ol cur actione! BUt death, in dimmira cur bodily sight, epene our mental eyes and clears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know ; but ras I not to blame aos well?' "Oh, rno, no I" eobbecd the corrowful G:orge; 'a'o not c.y that. You crrhu not be to blame." ' Ah, ye, I was ! But that is over-he is dead. Yin, taw is epirit T" "I did indeed. I can S?car it. I fired at 'lWhat could haave brought it here? Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I love ny eon. lHad he returned to mo and asked for givorese, he sh:u:d htve had it. I have grieved for Lies doepry, and Ion.: since 1 have forgiven him. M1ay ileven forgive himi also I" ''Surely, so:ely," 'obb:d the young man. "I pray for i,? oul night and day. Oh, had he not forged there bills "- Slie dld not foroe those bills-at least, I have hopes that such is not the case. Yesteroday I ren ceived a f1lter stating that/ r,',r cf his innocence would ecou b: forthernin'. ,.atted, lately 1 hare hal evernal ccrmc?,icaticns- of alc:ort the like naure, .mati'nes I could almect fancy 1 re. c';aisoa I:tthert's etyle in the writing of thete " Ab,ho, ltt elt:c:icnc wcork: uon tile imagins. tion !" roa.ed George. "No lh.ub tome scheming wrtebh has done this." "1: may bh -:o, I do not lbaiv-1 cannot nEy," repli.d sir C.arlco, as he ptals I khi hand wcarily o?er his brow. "1 feel as i" 1 hbd been in some horrible dream from which 1 am Elowtly awaken. ir g." " b'ho were these letterJ signe by I" asked Uie e:g, softly. 'They are not signed-they are anonymous," rctliel Sir Charlis. "1 have placed th:em care. f!ily wray in that drawer. You may examine them," I ?ao G:rge's eye light up wi:h glee as he left the bd and moved torards the drawer it:dicated. As he did so, the l',;ht fll full on his faee, end 1 rmust eay 1 nrv:oir oiw nythi;g Eo nevl. There was a devili.h triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thi.: white Iands moved nervouroy, as if eager to gra?y the pqler-e. To re thato ita b traeid nal,and I d'r.ttmiac, upon a bold move. M3otioning Mir Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, no as to place myself betwaEn tn )soung fellow and the drawer containing the tIters. "'rardon me," 1 Ear.i, quietly. "With your per. miesiou, I will enamlee thes letters before you touch them." lie enrong back, his face ti?t pale and then livid wi;h rage, as Lh exclnimed : " \ihat the devil do you want here, Eir '" "To do my duty," 1 repliel, qtietly-" honestly and fairly; and that is more theu I think you can Say. MIr St:auring." "ir Cn::dem, .act I to b: iolc-tedl' almo-t erickecd 31: St:ndin. " ir ('urh s i,:s pac:dt thi3 rueltcr in moy hands, tand will be hkid unun;h not to i, rerfrc," 1 p1t: in, as t dreg furthi Ic l:ere, crt, a nopening the packet, took out a 1 tier. S'itdr that Miste.r George was ready to make a ipri1g urp,,n thltru:lcr if 1 put ita' orn ntie table, 1 thrua: r.ce irato my pocLasL and, advancingr to the rtalp, croriy ctomul,'act to road the one 1 had in ray iadl, C:ihu, It 1 knwir the c:,ntante would uI guido tae to anythinge. Ilooever, I took great care to watch my agitated friend out ol the corner of my eye. "Good w:itrin" fr a lhoet," I muottered, loud Enough ior th oe thers to hear-"-' almost too good; bu: there is a mistiness about them which becomes a p'a??n of so ittlae eabe?,.ce." I then drewv a ltter fre:n the other end of the packet. opec?d it, and read that. " Sir Chearle," said 1,,luickly. "have you any of those forged bills handy ?" Ito poieted to be same drawar, and I soon had the bills in my hand, comparin; them with the letter. "This is too bha !" cried Gtorge Standing. " Is the honor of th0 (faily to ha placed in thid felluw's handla-a low pt3ol,'m an i" B"'Ltter trust tha honor of tei: frlaily in my hands than in thoea ui sane: pe?ole I Lngw. Sir Chbarls, are )oO pre!arl d for a great curprioe-an agreeable one, I hi;pe. bit one which tiny tan your streugth to the utmost f" "iGo o. 1 an ill, but I c:a bstr all." , Saime of til slettters, whercin your 0on acks for pardon, are n doult gacnuiue; thie others are lorgeries I." "'YeSa; and the man who forged those ltetters fo.':,ite l'?t,/." " Giret heavens 1" ieocrgne sgre' ashen white. " I's a lac:, and 1 can prove it," said 1. " Your eon shall leorst it." "'ly eon ! Io it dcad!"cried tbo baronet, an angry shade gathering on his face. "IBe oal:'?. 1s i: l dead. Youe s.tw no ghost you harsieu ghiostl; but you did ec your ton in the flettsh. Now, be calm." "I am calo. \Where is hle"' demanded Sir Oharles,cagerly. SIhre !' cried lerbert. And the next mamcut he cwa kneeling at his father's bcdride, 1 shahll not easily forget thebo glance of hatred iGeorgegasve me at that momert. As eoonas the Inther anode were cac enough, I said: "We had belter win:d this littl mtt'er up as quickly and quietly as po sible. Sir C~ilarlr, li:h your permision I will tae, a chair. tioutlemern, 1 'ray rou will be calm and keeL ytar timrr r. I' - member I acncuse nobodty, ?nd the shaetort )our na saera are the lrLiccr wrill this painful trro bi ovier. First of all, M1c L.ster, howescme ocu to b: pt ain g ghost in your own father's house ?' "Aflter 1 was accu'ed ot, all ELrlt ctil nco, ry the aodice of Geor;e, I started for As;u:dia.. I was chipwreckcd, and hating beard that ,y fasther Is(eIUSEd his forgivnutes, I made my roe ic-i.!. At last, all other ties being broken, I de!er:uit.ad to returnhome, face my fate, and poeve my i.cnC. 1 communicated with (;care, who tU!d U i; e . a madness: that my latt;er hal a warrvrtl os; n- ei:a-c tome, and 1 could expeLct no mety. Still, I returo-d, and being acquaintel with a erc5t0 p.ssono r:s?ich led rom the old tower in tihe gro:rod!e, I 0viled myself of it,detetrmined to diecover utto; hallul iu. fluence was at work to keep my fathir's hlort .o from me. KInowing the ways of this clt hoIrse, I was able to glide about like a ghest At loat I was diareovered by this gentlemas whiht playing my mother's harp." "Great heavens I" murmured the baronet, elep. ing his tChic hands. " hink tbi eotn gboalt storis could be as rasily explaintd as this one," said I, "il people would but set about c!eariog up the matter coolly. G(J on, .cIr lhrbort-go on, eir." "The dread of beig tried for froetoy Ipct coi away some time. At rt I venturedo all. I wrLed to obtain theb forgid docomento, prove my conoa eenue, and thet, father, humbly crave Jour taErcy. Of course directly George heard o the I'hoSt, he krEow ctho it wa'. HLe atten tLed my lile iu he co-e called haunted cthamber, I was wonntded, andt by the blooa.malk thbis geentlmatn trace1: tI- tihe old luauber.raom. My story is told-and. flther, I am herbe I" I ucP:er coul do thbs patheeie bueinoc, and tmy eyes oreact given tCo wcreplog. but thley were darup Lhen, and I had a llsey lump in my throat. At lat Sir Chbarles relesausd his son, arnd, turu. ing to Geort'e Standing, said : "O eoe. t:sudiag, lyou have hbaud al tnat has Flaed. Can yeso drly itt NlI, do net add to ane ansa .thse sniles Chlat slig i I n sea the i iesho autradte a s aosu bast, ut is aboake ;;s tubsr~· psr 4s% suhb .::; ::ji4 but adetl. :n you mr-deot competecoy ouu which you ean live amroad, whcrs your anktedenta will be unknown. Think before you answer-for. your choi:s in final.' I?. thoughlt for a moment, and then said, e :ul! : " W:II, I c~nfers that I did lay the trap into wl;ich bot;h ir Ch?etls and Jlerbcrt fell. The tlal.Ce cna worth the uisk, and bold as the game was I pl'yed it. Of cource I tried to keep ilerbest w.,y. WIllet he tieF somowlhere in Mexico, I was eafe. Ioartune turned upon oce-he came back. You kr-ow the rent." "Abndondoeed rct!wr !" cried Sir Charles. "Go I Nevr more nuer r.y prenu-nce. Go to your room, and there commit a fudl confelsion of your crime to p-per. By itl trnthfulre?s ehall I regnlate the allowance I erbal grant you. Then quit the house for over. All communications between us must now be made through my lawyer. Go !" With a halt-dr-iont air, the young fellow left the room. 1 Coon followed imit, deeming it prudent to leorCf lfthr uns Eon elonc. As I sofI:l eloped the door, 1 heard Sr Charlcs offering up a fervent thanksgiving that the sea had given up its dead. 