GJTURC1T SERVICES. 3H£ DAVIES AT TEIXITY CHCTECH. The announcement that the Uev. .T. G. Davies would preach in the Trinity "Free Church yes terday morning drew a crowded congregation to that place of worship. in which the sound of prayer and praise has not been heard for a long tlaie past- There was an evident volunteer choir in attendance under the leadership of 3Jr D- G. Wilson, and 3Ir Hurst plaved the organ accompaniments The Rev. J. G- Davies read a. discourse \rlnch he had prepared for the people of SL Geor^s- explaining the circum stances that had led to his resignation of the jKistoiate «f that church. His nri in reason for taking the step referred to "was the fact that his wori: at St- George's had proved a complete faHure, simply because he had to deal with a, proud and rdiff necked people, who always resisted tlie Holy Ghost, Refer ring to tiie stipulation he had made regarding the service he hud desired to conduct that da? at St- George's, he said he objected to the organ music in that church owing to quarrels con tmtmllyarising in connection with it- He was only too happy to have the organ going wlien it-promoted harmony^ but an this instance he held that it only created discord, and conse quently he objected to it. He announced that as the way was not folly open to him to pro ceed to mission work in Corea he considered it his business to preach the Gospel as opportunity : allowed "him, Xot being allowed to preach at SL ? George's on the conditions his conscience dic tated, he had secured Trinity Church forservices duiing the week, and he hoped also to secure it for Sunday morning services until he departed for Corea- There would li3 no seat rents and 110 collections in connection with these services, hut boxes would he jdaced at the doors for free will offerings. The offerings for this Sunday he asked them to entrust to himself- If any ?were afraid the offerings would find their way to chanties they had better not give any- He would give an account of what he received on this occasion to his blaster, but hereafter stewards would be appointed tn take care of their offerings and give an account 01 the re ceipts to the public. 