BULGARIAN DIFFICULTIES. The times of tribulation through which Bulgaria has been called to pass since she achieved her quasi independence, and through which sho is still passing, are calculated to excite the liveliest sympathy on her behalf. Russia is ever plotting her downfall, aud Turkey is anything but an indulgent and affectionate guardian. The only consolation is that tho crooked conduct of tho Porte will bring its just retribu tion, while already it is seen that wily and unscrupulous Russia is over-reaching herself. Not much imagination is re quired to understand the chagrin of the latter country in having Bulgaria coming between her and the object of her desires in the South. As to that, it must bo admitted that whether she covets Con stantinoplo for its own sake or not, her wish to obtain access to the Mediterranean is quite intelligible. At the same time it is impossible not to appreciate how seriously the attainment of her end would disturb the political equilibrium of Europe. Certainly resort to the methods she is using in order to 'compass Bulgaria's downfall, and so have an excuse for absorbing tho country, can only bring her into the greatest disrepute among European nations. Assassination, which is now and has been for some time her favourite weapon against Bulgaria, is in any circum stances utterly unworthy of a great nation. At best it is but a coward's device. No one in days that aro past was surprised to find it the culminating point in the record of an Italian intrigue. Even moderate acquaintance with past history is sufficient to show how widely and strongly the notion prevailed that this was an expeditious and effectual way of removing an enemy or inconvenient actor. Frequently in the peculiar condi tions in which the practice was so greatly honoured this was so. But while times have changed it cannot be forgotten that the conditions are different. Civilized European nations now can find justification only for whole sale murder. They consider it highly immoral to deal in the retail business. Moreover, they give each other fair notice of their intentions. They fight openly. There is no stabbing in the back. It is no good for Russia to say that she does not know of the assassination or attempted assassination of Bulgarians. The order for removal of these men by hired murderers may not have been formally made in Council. But there can bo no doubt that Russian gold and Russian dupes or knaves were the instru ments by which the deaths of M. Belt cfceff and Dr. Vulkovitch were brought about. What is more, it is equally certain that the killing of these men was a small matter compared with what the most autosratic power in Europe is ready, and has indeed already attempted, to accomplish. Beltcheff fell through being mistaken for M. Stain bouloff, the Bulgarian Premier, and the assassination of Vulkovitch was evidently only an incident in a scheme involving tho fates of much more highly placed personages, T.he presence of both Prince Ferdinand and Stam bouloff in Bulgaria is highly objectionable to Russia, who has shown that sho will stop afc nothing in order to get them ouu of the way. Of tho two tho Premier ig regarded with the greater hostility. ThQ reason is apparent. Stambouloff is a really strong man. Tho work he hag done in consolidating and building up tha Bulgarian national spirit and life is won« derful. If any man is necessary to hia country he certainly appears to bo to the independence of Bulgaria. What would befall the land without him it is difficult to think. One thing is certain ; it woultl be a lr.nch easier prey to Russian wiles. He has been accused of acting the part of dictator. That ho has been masterful ill his methods cannot be denied, but the shrewd insight and practical sense of tha fitness of things which ho has exhibited in his administration are unquestionable* He has wrought marvellous changeB in the face of exceptional obstacles in the task of working out the re demption of the country. In a sense Bulgaria as a State may be said to be on probation. She has not yeb won her right to recognition by. the Powers, Left without persecution untler Stam« bouloff s administration .ahe would march quickly to the goal of her hopes. HeE advance has already been great, but tha machinations of both Russia and Turkey have tended to retard her progress. Happily the action of these Powers is pretty sure to hasten tho consummation it is designed to check. A small State struggling with adversity under the conditions which attach to Bulgaria must win strong support by tho very sympathy it arouses. It is hardly conceivable that pressuro will be immediately brought to bear upon tho Porte to accede to the demand fol Prince Ferdinand's recognition. But Russia's treatment of Bulgaria will assur edly be treasured up againsther by theothel Powers, who on suitable opportunity will bo nothing loath to show their sense of ita injustice by interposing their good offices in favour of the State. Turkey, apart from h«r private grievances against Bul garia, has been ready to play somewhat into Russia's hands, for an obvious reason. She has looked to pleasing that country in order that pressure in regard to the war indemnity might not bo brought to bear upon hcr« But, on the other hand, sho has relied upon England and the Triple Alliance seeing that her powerful neigh bour does not gain much by her line o£ conduct. This is the keynote of the policy of the Porte in all her relations witU Russia. The Yictoiuan Ministry. — The socrefc of the reserve maintained by Sir Graham Berry on the hustings regarding his atti tude towards opposing parties in tha Victorian Assembly has now come to light. The late Agent-General was evi dently waiting to see how the electoral can jumped. Had the decision of tho con stituencies been emphatically against tho Ministry ho would have been in ;i position to repudiate them and theif policy and cast in his lot with the Opposi tion. Finding that the verdict, so far ag can be judged, is distinctly in their favoui he is able without laying himself open to the charge of flagrant inconsistency to make common cause with them. It ia understood that from the time of hia return to Melbourno his alliance has been angled for by Mr. Shiels andhiscolleagues, but he astutely resolved to await tho development of events. What will bo tho effect upon political parties of his accession to the Ministerial ranks remains to be seen. At first eight his accept ance of oilice has the appearance of giving additional strength to tho Cabinet, JJ.g is an experienced administrator, well versed in jniblic aflairs, and his capacity to discharge the'duties of Treasurer a^ x critical time liko tho present has ocen acknowledged on all Bides. But in politics arrangements which look well upon paper do not always prove to bo tha most stable, and there are considerations which render the picsent combination a somewhat doubtful experiment. ? First, as to tho position of Sir Graham Berry himself. Therois something peculiar iu the fact that he should have consented to recognise ;i comparatively young politician like Mr. Shiels as his chief, particu larly when it is remembered that Mr. Shiels is the representative of tha Government which inflicted upon him the mortification of having to give up the ofKco iu London which ho was admittedly anxious to retain. Then it is undeniable that in joining tho Ministry he has burdoned himself ?with his full share of the Ministerial responsibility for acts upon which? tho House has yet to pass judg ment. One of these is the appointment of Mr. Munro as Agent-General, a trans action which is regarded with strong disfavour by a very large section of tha community. Another is tho suspension of the Railway Commissioners, an ei treme proceeding concerning which much difference of opinion prevails in Vic toria. It will be incumbent upon him to defend both of these acts, and in addition to approve of tha policy recently put bofore the country respecting some featuies of which hia attitude has been diplomatically in definite. Then with reference to the aspect in which the reconstruction of the Cabinet will be viewed by members of the Assembly. It will be o£ comparatively little moment to tha Ministry that the Opposition will naturally feel disappointed ani chagrined at the open secession from tnem of ona whom they regarded as a probable leader, but the view whicb- Ministerial supporters will take of fho action of the Government in throwing themselves into the arms of ono who has not borne the heat and burden of the day, but is fresh from the enjoyment of the emolument4? of ji lucrative offico fur removed from politi cal turmoil, is a matter of some conse quence. The retirement of Mr. Duffy from the Cabinet is not sur prising. Ho has an excellent prospect of being elected to the Speakership, and hia elevation to the chair will abundantlj compensate him for the loss of an office which he has not shown iihn self particularly qualified to Jill. Whether tho sanguine expectition of Ministers that they will sea the present Parliament out without being dislodged from their positions will bo realized is exceedingly doubtful, but it is greatly in their favour that the Opposi tion are disorganized and wanting in a common bond of union. The .Chamber of Cobimerce. — South' Australia has suffered many things from the tongues and pens of croakers, who should be discountenanced at ovcry opportunity. Such folk intensified tlie troubles of our now happily historical period of special depression, and they arc generally ready to cloud tho brightness of our pleasantest prospects. It w, there fore, a singularly gratifying fact that the voice of the Mistress bum- . midgo of our little- national family has not lately been heard, oxcopfa in the most casual way, uttering its dole ful jeremiads. The omission may bo accented. 05 a wholcsomo sign of the. tiuie^ — as a proof fchab colonists as a whole are becoming more sagacious in their judg ment of the present and more hopefully confident in their expectation of the future. The more thoroughly this senti ment takes possession of the peoplo the better will it bo for the body politic. AVhat South Australia lias suffered from first to last through belittling her self no combination of numerals could adequately express. AVe are glad to seo plain indications of the now spirit in the annual report of tho Chamber of Com merce, tho more important contents of ?which arc published to-day. The commer cial experiences of the last twelve months might easily have been reviewed by an indiscreet or shortsighted man in such a way as to damage the reputation of the colony. Tho compiler of this document, however, has wisely kept in mind tho test of the cycle and not of the year. The facts are stated without equivocation. In 1891 we had nearly the worst rainfall on record ; we had a deficient fruit and wine yield ; we had an exceedingly poor harvest; so that the cereal exports for this season are, thus far, less than one-half of what they were twelve months ago. The copper-mining industry was seriously depressed ; the price of sheep and of cattle had hardly ever been lower ; and the market value of wool sadly discouraged timorous sheepfarmers. But what of these things after /s.H? The Chamber says confidently that the general condi tion of business is sound, and that the pros pect is reassuring. This is infinitely prefer able to the feverish commercial activity which characterized tho days of tho land and mining buoms some years ago, when the business of the merchants on paper was much more considerable. The Chamber of Commerce realizes this fact, and if its efforts to advertise South Aus tralia in England are inspired by the same candid and common-sense view of things which influences its yearly statement to its subscribers here, the colony is bound to gain by such advertisements. We miss, however, any allusion to the splendid success gained, since the date of the report, by the Trea surer in connection with his Treasury bills, and we hope that before tho document is published in separate form for circulation abroad a few lines may be added concerning this matter. That successful transaction is even more indirectly than directly serviceable to our credit with the outside world. Our people have shown in the matter a selfapprecia tion which is highly praiseworthy, and there is little danger that the money so readily subscribed will be taken out of the propor avonues of enterprise. With the technical or general references in the report beforo us it is unnecessary to deal at length. Such difficulties as that caused in obtaining and enforcing legal judgments at Broken Hill is only one more argument added to the great multitudo previously adduced in favour ot a partial if not complete scheme of Australian federation. The Chamber of Commerce may increase the public obligation to them by working specifically to promote that object. Tub Coloured Labotjb Question. — In affording opportunities for the dis cussion of such matters as tho coloured labour question the Natives' Association answers an excellent end. The only thing to regret is that living subjects o? this stamp do not oftener come in for its attention, and do not receive greater venti lation. The debate that followed Mr. Solo mon's lecture on Monday night was brief, although suggestive. But, dealing first with the lecturer's remarks, it strikes us that the senior member for the Northern Territory was not wholly consistent. Mr. Solomon declared that coloured labour of no kind is wanted in the southern portions of Australia. There are not many who are likely to dispute that position. But then ho conceded that for the pursuit of tropical agriculture in portions of Queensland, the Northern Territory, and Western Australia coloured labour is requisite. That expression of opinion is equally worthy of endorsement. Here the inconsistency crops out. Barring the Chinese of course, Mr. Solomon is willing that the planters should introduce undor indenture coloured labour for strictly field work for a limited period of years, provided that a sufficient deposit is made to cover the cost of the return of the imported labourers to their native countries at the end of their toraro of service. Admitting that whites are unfitted for certain forms of tropical work, and that kanakas or coolieB are to be brought into requisition because of that fact, where is the rationale or the utility of limiting their duration of service ? The attitude of Sir Samuel Griffith is perfectly intelligible. The Queensland Premier believes, for the present at any rate, that whites arc able to fulfil all the requirements of tropicallabour, but that in the period of transition which is taking place in the conditions of Queens land agriculture it is necessary that the aid of inferior races should be called in. He looks forward to the time when they will be able to dispense with coloured labour. We do not gather that Mr. Solomon is at one with him on this point. His references, indeed, to sugar- cane plantations would suggest that he espouses an altogether different view. It may bo that, as Mr. Solomon is opposed to the family settlement idea, ho contemplates a continual ebb and llow of coloured labour, the old constantly giving place to the new supply. To this system no objection can be ottered if care be taken to safe guard the interest of the labourers, and precautions with that end in view are strenuously insisted upon by the Indian Government. Concerning the whole question two great facts cannot be over looked. The first is that the tropical parts of Australia cannot be developed ?without the assistance of coloured labour. The second is that the use of that labour instead of being injurious to the intorests of the white worker increases Iub opportunities for employment. Th^ fact Mr, Solomon himself made veryevidont in the course of his observations. A remark made by one of the speakert»during tho discussion that followed the lecture was typical of a feeling that has done more than anything to retard certain forms of Australian development. To say that it were bettor that tropical Australia should not be developed at all than that coloured labour should bo introduced is as un reasonable as it is unpatriotic. Fhie BniGADE Station'.— The foundation atone of the new Fire Brigade Station, which is to be erected in Wakefield-street, will ba laid this afternoon by His Excellency the Governor. Land Tax Aiteals.— Messrs. L. S. Spiller (Deputy Commissioner of Taxes) and Mr. H. I). Gouge (Assessor) will visit Port Lincoln and Southern Yorke'a Peninsula to deal with land tax appeals when they have disposed of tho appeals in tho Adelaide istrict, of which there are a large number. They are con sidering tho latter district appeals at pro sent. New PicTonE ran the Art Gaixeiiy.— The Governors of tho Art Gallery have purchased Mr. Bnsil Bradley'a fine watercolour painting, ' The Wanderer's Roturn.' The iNTKn-UxivEnsm EoATiucE.-In ad dition to those members of tho intercolonial eights who left on Monday Messrs. C. B. Ketallack, H. Irving, and C. S. Graham (Vic' toria), and Ranford (Sydney) left Adelaide liy Tuesday afternoon's express, being seen off nt tho North-terrace Statiou by local oarsmen and others. Mn. S. Beddome. — A few days aero tho Attorney-General received the resignation of Mr. S. Beddome as a Justice of tho Peace and a Spucial Magistrate. Mr. Beddomo was Mr. T. K. Tater's predecessor as Police Magistrate fcr the city, and »?« ia the service for very many yoars. The Attorney-General thought id would be a coroplimenb to him to roquest that the resignation should bo withdrawn. Conse quently a letter was written to Mr. Beddome in accord with the Attorney-General's views, and ' areply has been received withdrawing the resig nation conditionally upon its being understood that oxcopt in cases of extreme emergency Mr. Eeddome shall not be called upon tj officiate on the Bench. Passengers by the Baixaaiut.— Tho fol lowing aro tho passengers booked to leave Adelaido.by the Ballaarat to- day :— For London —Mr. and Mrs. Wentworth Cavenagh- Main- waring, Misses Eva, May, Kathleen, Helen, Queenie, and Gertrude, and Master Hugh Cavenagh- Mainwaring, and Misses Herring, Schomburgk, and Horn. For Albany— Messrs. Green, Richards, and R.idchffe. The Hon. Westwouth CAVEXAonMAix WARING. — This gentleman, accompanied by his wife, six daughters, and ono son, leaves by the Ballarat to-day for England, where he is about to tako up his residence at Whitmore Hall. He is a son of James Gordon Cavenagh, who was army surgeon in tho Royal Staff Corps. He served in the army for thirty-five years, and went all through the Peninsula War, whilehe was also present at the Battle of Water loo and the taking of Paris. He was a brother of General Sir Orfeur Cavenagh, K.C.S.I., lately deceased, who served in India in various campaigns, and who, as Town Major of Fort William, is supposed to have saved Calcutta during tho mutiny. Ho was afterwards for several years Governor of the Straits Settle ments. Another brother, General Gordon Cavenagh, eerved in various actions in China and India. The Hon. Wentworth Cavenagh-Mainwaring was born ab Hyde, Kent, on November 13, 1822. He was educated at Ferns Diocesan School, County Wexford, Ireland, and when eighteen years of age he left home for Canada, where he was en gaged for some years farming. He subsequently relinquished this occupation and started coffee planting in Ceylon. Afterwards he tried to obtain a Government appointment at Calcutta, but was unsuccessful. Attracted by a Govern ment advertisement ho came to Australia, arriving in Melbourne in 1S52. Thence he went to the Bendigo diggings, and from there he came to South Australia and started farm rig at Peachy Belt. He stopped there for geveral years, and in 1863 was elected to Par liament with the late Hon. L. Glyde for the District of Yatala. For nineteen years he remained in the Legislature without a break, and during that period he was Commissioner of Crown Lands in the Strangwaya Ministry, and Commissioner of Public Works in the Administration formed by Sir Henry Ayera. In the elections of 18S1 ho was rejected when the Hon. D. Murray and Mr. Gilbert (the present member) were elected. On February 1G, 1805, he married Ellen Jane, the eldest daughter of Gordon Main waring, an officer in the East Indian Civil Service, who was at one time Inspector of Police in the early days of South Australia, and on the death of his father, Admiral Mainwaring, he succeeded to tho family estates in Staffordshire. On tho death of her brothers without heirs Mrs. Cavenagh- Mainwaring becamo entitled to tho estates and adopted tho name and arms of Mainwaring. National Bank of Australasia.— In our business columns will bo found the sixty seventh report of the Directors of the Bank for the half-year ending March 31. The net profit amounted to £78,092 4s. Pd. This, with tho balanco from last half-year, left available for distribution £91,376 Gs. 5d. The Direotors recommend that this sum be thus appropri ated, viz. :— Dividend at the rate of 12J per crnt. per annum on tho paid-up capital of one million, £02,500; bonus of 2A per cent, per annum, £12,000; carry forward, £10,376 Gs. 5d. The branch at Port Victoria in South Australia was closed during the half- year. The general annual meeting will bo held ab tho bead office of tho Bank, Collins-street, Mel bourne, on Tuesday, May 3. Tho Argus observes that the deposits held by the Bank amount to £8,S18,34S, being an increase of £013,247 for the half-year. Other items bring the total liabilities to tho public up to £11,111,844. Tho paid-up capital £1,000,000, the Reserve Funds £G70jOOO, and tho profit and loss balance constitute liabilities to the shareholders. On the other side tho cash items and Government and other debentures givo a total of £2,010,0(58, and the advances amount to £S,C43,(i90. The latter item shows an increase of £498, -513 for the half-year. Graying Dock Commission.— Messrs. G-. F. Hopkins, M.P. (Chairman), A. McDonald, M.P., J. W. Castine, M.P., and T. Bur goyne, M.P., members of the Royal Com mission appointed to enquire into the question of constructing a graving dock in South Australia, together with the Secretary, arrived in Adelaide by the ex press train from Melbourne on Tuesday morning. The Commission visited Sydney and Melbourne/inspecting the dock3 at both places, ai.d uolkct ing some very valuable evi deucs. In tiotii -lcii-s the Commissioners were treated with tho greatest courtesy by the Minister at the head of tho department) control ling the docks, and every facility was given to tho Commission to further the object of their enquiries. Anti-Gambling Crusade.— A moderately attended meeting was held in tho Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening, April 2G, when speeches on the moral, commercial, and leijal aspect of gambling were dolivered, and an Anti-gamblinir League was formed. A large proportion of those present enrolled themselves as members. Irrigation at Milang.— The Acting Com missioner of Crown Lands (Hon. W. Copley) has arranged to meet Professor Lowrie and an officer of the Survey Department at Mil an g on Friday to enquire into the feasibility of an irrigation scheme on the lake banks. The members for the district have strongly urged that in one locality water could bo pumped from the lake to a small hill, from which it could be reticulated over some thousands of acres of land. Mr. Landseer is very enthu siastic on the subjecb, and Mr. Copley will have the levels taken and the soil carefully examined on Friday to decide whether any thing can be done. The Commissioner has not come to any determination on the subjecb, which has not yet been considered by the Go vernment, but the examination will be made merely to decide the possibility of a soheme. The Wool Industry.— Speaking at the annual meeting of shareholders in Messrs. Goldsbrongh, Mort, & Co., held in Melbourne on April 25, the Chairman of Directors (Mr. A. W. Robertson), in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, which declared a dividend of 10 per cent., stated that good as the previous year's business had been that of the period just closed had been very much better. Tho Company had experienced a marked increase in the volume of their busi ness and a very decided increase in the profits. Considering tho depression that had swept and was still hovering over the country the Com pany's proceedings during the past year had proved the solid foundation on which it was built;. There were some pessimistic people who were always ready to cry out that the wool industry was overdone. He did not believe it for a moment. Tho same crv was heard twenty years ago, but the industry had flourished, and was still flourishing. Only last week they heard of a 10 per cent, rise in the value of wool. He believed that occasional eras of low value in wool did good, because i i made the producers go further afield and extend the rcene of their operations. Refer ring to the Australian wool trade with America he was convinced that the exportation of our wool to that country would not lower the price of American wool, but increase it. It would also have the effect of forcing out the shoddy stuff which was at present crowded into the American market. Dnring the past few years a great shrinkago had taken place in the value of pastoral property, and it was deemed advisable in the interests of the shareholder! to strengthen tho reserves in ordor to face any possible contingency. The Election of Boards ok Advice.— Tho Inspector-General of Schools has pro pared an unofficial schedule relative to the late nominations for the election of members of tho School Boards of Advice, which shows that in sixty-eight districts the required number of persons have been elected, or that there is an excess which will require an election. In nine districts no nominations were made, the centres being Gawler, Kangaroo Island, Moonta, Morgan, Quorn, Terowie, Thebarton, Wasleys, and Wauka , riuga. Iu stvca districts, camoly— Guaicracha, Hindmarsh, Melrose, Mount Barker, Port Wakefield, Redhill, and Teatree Gully — only two were nominated ; and in six districts— Burra, Clare, Crafers, Elliston, Hawker, and Petersburg— only ono was nominated ; while in the Adelaide District only four were nomi nated, although six were required. Tho election will tako place on April 30. Handbook on Viticultcre. — The report of the Bonus Select Committee which was pre sented to Parliament some time ago included a paragraph recommending the publication of a handbook on viticulture, and the Government have given practical effect to the advice by arranging with Mr. G. Sutherland, M.A., for its compilation. Mr. Sutherland will commu nicate with the leading vignerons and obtain all possible information as to the best soils, climate, and descriptions of vine3 that should bo planted in different parts of tho colony, and the publication will doubtless bo very valuable to persons contemplating the establishment of vineyards. Arbitration Case. — Tho day before Christmas last the general store of Mr. Alfred Hanson, of Olary, and tho contents were destroyed by fire. The stock alone was insured in tho Atlas Insurance Com pany for £1,400. A claim was put in amounting to about £1,200, but it being found impossible to settle the matter the case has been referred to arbitration. The first sitting of tho arbitrators is arranged for this morning. After the; experience of the Bleechmore arbitration case it has been decided to conduce the arbitration with out tho aid of counsol. The arbi trators are the Hon. W. Haalam, M.L.C., seleotcd by Mr. Hanson, and Mr. W. Liston, by the Insurance Company, Mr. W. A. Dcmpsey being chosen as umpire. Mr. A. Adamson, jun., will act for Mr. Hanson, and Mr. J. E. Thomas will represent the In surance Company. The Mubray River Fisheries Question.— A cood deal of feeling has been excited in the Murray districts owing to the action of the Government in taking steps to prevent the indiscriminate use of nets and other articles for fishing which are contrary to law. The fishermen have, it is alleged, been precluded from following their calling, although the river is swarmed by fish that are fit for netting, but cannot bo caught in sufficient numbers by the ordinary method of hooking them, because in this process so much time in wasted. The law is very imperative on the subject of using nets and traps, and in con sequence of the strong opposition which has been raised to the action of the Government the Acting Commissioner of Crown Lands has decided to tike a short trip up the river, and call at several places en route for the purpose of taking evidence. He will leave Adelaide on Thursday afternoon for Goolwa, where he will board a river steamer and proceed to Morgan, from which place he will return by train. Mr- CopIrv exueota to be accompanied by three or our members of Parliament whose districts abut on the river, and some of whose constituents are affected by the present strict observance of tho law. The trip will last four or five days. Unlicensed Clubs.— Tho adjourned appli cation by the S.A. Allgemeiner Deutsoher Verein for tho return of a quantity of liquor seized by the police came beforo the Police Court on Tuesday. Mr. Pater intimated that if the counsel could agree upon the faats of the case it might be taken on lu the Supreme Court without delay. Some evidence was called, and after hearing it the P.M. said that he considered that the club was managed in a regular way, and was a bona-fido one. Having elicited that expression of opinion from the Bench the counsel secured an adjournment bo that they might confer and draw up a case for the Supreme Court. The Grange Railway.— A deputation con sisting of residents, land owners, and others in terested in the districts of Woodvillo, Grange, and Henley Beach waited on the Commis sioner of Public Works (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) on Tuesday morning and urged that the Go vernment should purchase the Grange Railway, ?t being under offer for £2,500. It was stated that the railway had yielded a profit during the last twelve months, and that this was a most opportune time for the Government to acquire the property. The Commissioner, in reply, promised to obtain a report from the Railway Commissioners, and to bring the matter before his colleagues. Ho said if the Government did not purchase the line arrange ments would be made for traffic after May 1, Tlffi HlKDLEY-STREET STABBING CASE.— Iii will be remembered that on Saturday evening, February G, a serious stabbing affray took place in Hindley-street, opposite to the Galatea Hotel. A row had occurred in the hotel, and following this a quarrel ensued between a negro named James Blood, who had been playing a banjo in the bar, and Thomas Elliot. During the row Blood drew a knife and stabbed Elliot. The latter -vas removed to tho Hospital, where he remained until a few days ago, Blood in tho meantime being in the custody of the police, a charge of unlawful wounding having been preferred against him. On coming out of tho Hospital Elliot expressed his desire to withdraw the charge, but the police authorities would not consent. On Tuesday afternoon Mr. Pator heard the case and committed the negro for trial. Imprisonjient of an Insolvent.— The final hearing of the ease of William Inwood, Manager of the local branch of the Anglo Australian Bank, which stopped payment in August last, came on at the Insolvency Court on Tuesday morning. The granting of a certi ficate was opposed by Mr. C. F. Fenn on behalf of Mrs. A. Trehey, of North Adelaide, to whom Inwood was indebted in the sum of £100. Inwood was the Manager of the Anglo Australian Bank in Adelaide, and oame over to Adelaide under engagement witli Mr. Staples, tho Managing Director of tho Bank in Melbourne, at a salary of £300 per annum. Mrs. Trehey was one of the customers of the Bank. She had deposited £300 at the Bank for twelve months in January, 1S91, but the following day Inwood persuaded her to with draw her deposit, and lend him £150 on his personal security alone at 12 per cent., and deposit £150 only. This was done, and the arrangement was that the money was to be paid back at six, twelve, »nd eighteen month | When the first £50 waa coming due Inwood borrowed £130 from Mr. C. Drew, and paid Mrs. Trehey her £50. Jiist on the eve of the closing of the Bank Inwood got an overdraft of £S0 from the institution. Mr. Commissioner Russell, in passing judgment, said that the whole cir cumstances surrounding the case were of a most dishonourable character. The insolvent had really appropriated the money from the Bank, which ho called an overdraft, to his own use, and he had borrowed the money from Mrs. Trehey without any reasonable oxpecta tion of ever repaying the debt. He thus came under the charge which Mr. Fenn had laid against him. He had served forty days in gaol on an unsatisfied judgment summons for the same debt, and now he would grant him a second-class certificate, and order a further term of imprisonment for six months. Inwood was formerly connected with the Oriental and Federal Banks and the Metropolitan Buildinp Society, and of these only the Federal Bank is now in existence. New Music. — From the publishing firm of Joseph Williams, of Beraers-street, London, W., we have received copies of several new publications. Amongst the piano pieces is a writing by J. Albeniz, entitled 'Premiere Valse de Salon.'1 It is tuneful, and should be a good work for piano students. ' Barcarrle Neapolitane,' by Benjamin Godard, is num bered Op. 129. It is written evidently with the skill of a master, and as it is somewhat difficult and yet pleasing in style is worthy of the attention of those who need a novelty for solo work. The ' Chant du Soir' and a ' Val letta, ' by Auton Strelezki, two piano pieces, should find favour. In the first of these a pleasing melody is elegantly supported by an artistically written harmony, and in the second there is apparent a brilliancy which must re commend it to all pianists. A song, 'Chant d' Amour,' the words by E. Guinaud and the musio by C. Chaminade, is well worthy of the attention of mezzo-sopranos who possess dra matic power and style. It is decidedly a song which, when well rendered, must prove attrac tive. A sweetly pretty and by no means commonplace serenade, 'Ah, Sweet, Thou Little Knowest,' from the pen of Stewart Macpherson, is plainly written, and when sung correctly tbould be pleasisg to aay audieace. Another serenade, written for three female voices, comes. from A. E. Horrocks. It is written for two sopranos and a contralto. Such part songs being not always obtainable, this is a valuable addition to the list of these works already composed for female voices. ' The Dawn'' 13 a lengthy and somewhat diffi cult duet written for two female voices, the words by Victor Hugo and the music by A. Goring Thomas, with an English translation by Eugijnc Oudin. This duet was first per formed at tho 1891 Birmingham Festival. It is a composition bearing the marks of scholarly attainments, and might well be included in the repertoire of any first-class artist. Cremation Society of South Australia.— At a recent meeting of tho committee of this Society an interesting letter nd report of the transactions of the 'Cremation Society of England' were received from the Hon. Secre tary (Mr. J. C. Swinburne- i ? ?. , which contained much valuables information in respectto thecostand working of a crematorium. The Government havo agreed to set aside a portion of the Parafield Cemetery as a site for a crematorium. To enable the committee to proceed with the necessary building sub3 rip tions and donations are being collected. Sunday-closing at Glenelg. — Large num bers of excursionists visit Glenelg on Sundays, where, being bona-fide travellers under the Act, they may refresh themselves ad lib. The operation of the Act tells rather hardly on the local constabulary. Corporal Allchurch and his men have a busy time on Sunday after noons, visiting the various hotels and keeping their eyo on the customers, lest some 'dry1' resident should be supplied with the forbidden liquor. Public Fine Art Gallehv.— Visitors to Miss Hodson's studio who had the pleasure of viewing Mr. Basil Bradley's fine water colour painting, 'The Wanderer's Return,' will be pleased ,to learn that the picture has been purchased for tho Public Gallery by the Board of Governors. In our notice of this work] of fart we ventured to ggest such a course, and it is gi ifying to find that it has been added^to the collection on North- terrace. The picture is'worthy of a good place in either a private or public collection. Many students, we understand, have already seen it and ex pressed their support of our opinion. They will now have opportunity enough to examine it and secure for themselves all the lessons m their special studies which it unquestionably can afford them. In connection with this pur chase we learn that a very general expression of opinion has arisen that our collection on North-terrace should include gems of water colour as well as oil paintings. There is no reason why it should Dot— rather tho reverse. It is usual for students to havo some ex perience of working in watercolours before they ap ach the use of oils, and if our gallery is to serve its highest use, not merely as a collection of paintings, but as an adjunct to our sc ool of paintin , it certainly should represent art in' watercolour as well as in oil painting. Taxidermy.— The late lamented Indian tapir, who passed his life eo quietly and in offensively at the Zoological Gardens, contri buting unobtrusively to the enjoyment as well as instruction of visitors, departed this life some weeks ago, and bequeathed his bi coloured hide to the Adelaide Museum. Mr. Beasley, the Government Taxidermist, took the animal's epidermis in hand, with the result that ho hai produced a counterfeit presentment of the deceased, which is so very natural that, but for the varnished plank of kauri pine upon which it stands, the tapir looks exactly in 'his habit as he lived,' like the ghost of Hamlet's father. The tapir was not enjoying very good health towards the end of his existence in the flesh, and in his restlessness he rubbed off some of the short stiff hair covering his hide. The Be bare patches show the cuticle under neath, and in the stuffed version rather help out the illusion than otherwise, The speci men of 'our only tapir' will shortly swell the natural history collection in tho Museum. Mr. Beaaley has also reproduced a whole family of dingoes in the most natural atti udes, from that of the alert old dog to the pert pup. If any country folk to whom tho wild dog is a nuisance rather than a cherished curiosity, as it ia here, would send down a spe cimen of a thoroughbred dingo the Govern ment Taxidermist would no doubt be very grateful. People in the back blooka do some times foiward birds and other creatures, aud they are always freely acknowledged. Effective Voting.— A meeting of the committee of gentlemen appointed by the public meeting to carry out tho arrange ments for a test election upon the system of the single transferable vote, advo cated by Miss Spence, ab Port Adelaide recciilly, waa held at the office of the Secretary (Mr. C. J. H. Wright) on Monday afternoon. It wab decided to hold the election on May 3 at the Pert and Semaphore Town Halls. Miss Spence will act as Returning Officer, and her chief labours will be directed towards superin tending the scrutiny. Several deputies have been appointed, and they will undertake the duties during the day. Tho candidates are twelve poets, six of whom have tobechosenfor the highest seats on Parnassus. It is permissible to vote for any number so long 09 the voters number six. Printed directions are to bo handed to each voter with the voting paper. Women are allowed to vote, and it is probable a considerable number of them will avail them selves of the opportunity. The booths will be open from 9 a.m. till 7p.m. Suggestions were made at the public meeting to have prominent politicians for candidates, but it was generally thought that party feelings might be shown and unpleasantness arise, while at the same time the election, which ia intended to test a system and not to show the relative popularity of the candidates, would not be a correct index of popular choice, inasmuch as somo voters will no doubt vote experimentally to find out if there be defects in the system. Sir John Lubboek has for some years been an advocate of the single transferable vote in England, and it is confidently hoped that the local ballot will prove a success. The Secretary is making final rrangeuients. Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society. — The finance report to bo presented at the meeting of the Committee of Manage ment this morning states that the financial operations of the Society for the year ending March 31 have been of a most satisfactory nature, all the lines which are indicative of the interest taken by the public in the Society — viz., annual subscriptions, entrance-fees, and receipts at gates— showing an advance on pr | vious years. The total receipts from all sources during the year were £3,32S 18s. 3d., and the expenditure £3,193 Ss. The money value of the prizes offered for the year amounted to £2,307 17s. fid., of which £l,C03 2s. 6d. was awarded. The amount received for special prizes shows a falling-off of £132, caused chiefly by the withdrawal of prizes for farms and blocks. In all other respects the totals compare favourably with the previous year. Every effort on their pare, the committee state, has been made to keep up the prestige of the Society's Shows. An expenditure of over £290 has been made in erecting buildings, &c;, necessary for the proper display of the various exhibits ; a working dairy was shown ; Judges have been invited from the neighbouring colonies, &c;, a'l at the cost of the Society ; in fact, no reasonable expense has been spared to make the Shows a success. The year was begun with a cash balance of £541 7s. 9d., and was closed, after defraying an exceptional outlay of nearly £300 in connection with the grounds, with an available nee of £G79 18s. 2d. The committee observe that the Secretary has been the chief factor in bringing about) such a satis factory financial state. Militia Artillery.— We take the following from General Orders dated April 2(5 :— Officer for duty for the ensuing week, A Battery, Lieutenant Crompton. For purposes of ad ministration the Artillery Reserve will be attached to C Battery from this date. The following promotions in C Battery are ap proved :— Bombardier Smith to be acting corporal, Acting Bombardier Butler to be bombardier, Gunner Lang to be acting bombardier without pay. Water-tanks for Broken Hill. — Last Saturday week a consignment of water-tanks, to be used in conveying water from Hutton's Lagoons, in South Australia, to Broken Hill, was shipped from Sydney to Port Adelaide. By a steamer which left Port Jackson on Wed nesday additional tanks— making a total of fifty-five — were (says the Sydney Morning drald of April 22} dispatched to the same destination. Mr. Dibba informed the South Australian Government of the action taken in Sydney in a telegram sent froja Sydney on Thursday. Off to Broken Hill.— Tho s:ar:ity of work at the Wallaroo Mines (says tho Wallaroo Times) is inducing several miners to leave for the Hill. They say that the water difficulty will soon be over there now that winter is so near, and that therefore the prospect is hotter than if they remained here. Among thelatest departures is that of Mr. John Carroll, who as President of the Kadina Branoh came pro minently beforo tho public during tho late strike. Speaker of the Victorian Assembly. — The Speakership of the Legislative Assembly in Victoria is now a subject of great interest in political circles. It is understood (says tho Argus) that the office is at the disposal of Sir Graham Berry, who would receive the support of both sides. He could be proposed by Mr. Shiele, and seconded by Mr. Gillies. Should Sir Graham Berry not bo a candidate tho Government will run Mr. John Duffy, who will resign the Attorney-Generalship in order to stand. [Our telegrams of this morning in timate that Sir Graham Berry has accepted the position of Treasurer and Mr. Duffy has resigned the Attorney-Generalship in order to run for Speaker.— Ed.] Mr. Bent, who was only defeated by one vote on the last occasion of a contest, is understood to hare commenced his canvas. There is a unanimous opinion that the member most qualified to take the Chair is Mr. Gillies, but Mr. Gillies has so far not allowed his name to be used by the political friends who havo pressed him upon the subject. Failinsr Mr. Gillies, an influential section of members would much desire to placo Sir Henry Wrixon in the Chair. Mr. Duffy's candidature would occasion a vacancy in the Cabinet, and a vacancy in the Cabinet would act like a charm to more members than ono at the present moment. Awards at Launceston Exhibition.— The Exhibition Commissioners can hardly be com plimented (says the Launceston Examiner) upon the manner in which they awarded medals and certificates of merit to the members of the Fourth Estate the other evening. Probably no project which has ever been initiated in Tas mania owes so much to the Press as the Tas manian Exhibition, and it is a somewhat tardy compliment to offer the gentlemen who repre sented the Fourth Estate ' some of the bronze medala which are over.' As these dis tinguished awards are pparently so plentiful the individuals for wlnm the questionable compliment is intended will no doub ask the Commissioners to tax thei. brains still further in order to discover some others to decorate rather than share, in common with a host of officials, the crumbs so heedlessly swept from the official table. Utilization . of Sawdust. — It is stated (says the Engineer) that a German firm has perfected a means of making a profitable* dis position of sawdust. An acid is mixed with the sawdust and the whole mass moulded into blocks or any other form, making an excellent material for building purposes. The blocks assume extreme hardness of surface and are practically non-combustible. A Combination of Copper.— For somo weeks past (says a New York cablegram, quoted by the Ironmonger of Mar h 2(5) reports have been current of a big copper oom bination involving millions of dollars. It ia probable that nothing of a definite character will be known unt'l the combination has been actually completed, but that such an arrange ment is in progress is beyond all doubt. Merchants in the copper trade all confess themselves in the dark as to the outcome. The combination is among the producers, and its object is to restrict the world's supply to the demand, and the price to the nalu tal advance which the successful curtailment of the output would occasion. The question of high prices is not being considered as part of the plan. In fact, those interested are said to claim that such prices would defeat their ends by stimu lating production. It is understood that tho heaviest of the Lake Superior producers and tho Montana and European owners aro parties to tho movement. The rumours of tho combi nation have had a somewha stimulating effect upon the copper market. The movement started by the Anaconda and Calumet and Hecla Coinpanieslbas been taken up by the other ge producers, and the agreomenb, it is allege has been practically settled. Tho fol lowing are said to be the figures to which the respective Companies have agreed to adhere in production during the year 1S92 : — Anaconda Company, 75,000,0001b.; Calumet and Hecla, C0,000,000 lb. each; Quincy, 12,000,000; Parrott, 14,000,000; Clark and Bifjelow, G5,000,000. All Saints' Literary Societv.— A conver sazione in connection with the All Saints1 Literary Society was held on Monday evening at the Lecture Hall in Holdenstreet, Hind marsh. The Rev. H. M. Pollitb presided. A large number of curiosities were exhibited, amongst the moat interesting being a Roman brick from St. Martin's Church, Canterbury, where St. Augustine began his christianizing mission in England, and an early Christian lamp, on which appeared several symbols, from the catacombs of Rome. Two Japanese swords, one blood-stained and said to have played an important part in the execution of numerous criminals, were shown ; specimens of rare lace and other curios were viewed with interest. A musical programme was carried out by Misses Stockdale, A. Hay, and B. Tait, and Messrs. A. Moie, N. Wharton, and Galloway. Miss C. Stockdale presided at tho piano. Home fo*r Incurables.— An entertainment, arranged by the Rev. A. T. Boas, was given at the Home for Incurables on Tuesday after noon. The programme was made up chiefly of instrumental music and recitations, and was received with delight by tho inmates. The performers were Miss Gollin, Mrs. W. J. Gollin, Mies Donaldson Hutson, the Misses Gollin, Mr. Wybert Reeve, and Dr. Lazarus, who played the violin, an instrument of which he is master. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the ladies and gentlemen win so kindly remembered the institution. Adelaide Chamber of Commerce.— Tho annual general meeting is to be held at Monte fiore Chambers this afternoon to receive the annual report and balance- sheet, and for the election of President, Vice-President, Gene ra Committee, and Corn Trade Sectional Co m mittea, as well as for the transaction of other business. Messrs. A. L. Harrold and D. Murray have been nominated for the positien of President and Vice-President respectively. Remember the Distressed.— To charitably disposed citizens an appeal is made_ in our advertising columns for contributions to the Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society on behalf of those who are in eoro need of help during the winter months. The com mittee of this very worthy institution point out that they have many urgent demands to meet, and there is a prospect of further calls as the colder months of the year set in. They therefore confidently solicit donations and sub scriptions to aid in the furtherance of the work which the Society has for many years carried out. \- St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage Sports. — The prizes won at the sports held on the Old Exhibition Grounds on Easter Monday last in aid of St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage were distributed at St. Francis Xavier's Hall on Monday evening, April 25. The Rev. T. Doheny (Secretary of the institution) presided, and mentioned casually that the amount which would go to the Orphanage a3 the proceeds of the sports and the concert held on April 21 v.?p between £50 and £C0. A Presentation Trowel.— We have re ceived an excellent photograph of the silver trowel presented by Messrs. 1. J. Eyre & Co., of O'Connell-street, to the Adelaide Hospital on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of thenew wing of the institution by His Excellency the Governor. MabketGardeners' Co-operative Society. —The usual weekly meeting of the Market Gardeners' Co-opprative Society was held in the East-End Hotel on Tuesday morning. Mr. J. E. Robinson wa« appointed Manager, and was instructed to make the necessary arrange ments for opening at an early date. Women's Suffrage League.— A meeting of the Women's Suffrage League Council was held yesterday afternoon in the parlour of the Y.M.C.A., Dr. Curtis presiding. The campaign for the coming winter was taken into consideration, and arrangements were made for the annual meeting. Clayton Church Entertainment.— In our report of an entertainment in connection with this Church it was said the majority of the performers were from North Adelaide. This should have been Port Adelaide. Donation. — We have received from Mr. C. H. Goode £1 Is. on behalf of W. Pern, late of Dashwood Gully. The amount haa been forwarded to him. Semaphore Town Halt..— A concert ar ranged by Mrs. --V. A. Wood will be held in the above hall this evening. Holland Fund.— Squib, 5s. 