NEWS AND NOTES. IN the Legislative Council yesterday, the Colonial Secretary gave notice that he would move on the following day the adjournment of the House until Monday week at 8 o'clock. IN yesterday's leading article an obvions error ooeurred. The rent of an increased thousand acres in the North West district was spoken of as amonnting to £25, and of a thonsand acres in the Gascoyne district as ¿612 10s. The area in each case of coarse should have been a hundred thousand acres. TELEGRAPHIC oommuxioation with Southern Cross was opened, or rather restored, about eleven o'clock yesterday morning. The in- terruption of the line was caused probably by bush fires, and several breakages were dis- covered, though the cause is yet to be ascer- tained. AT the City Police Court, yesterday, a young man named John Sutcliffe, aged 19 years, was oharged with have attempted to commit a criminal assault on a servant girl named Helen Lennard. The accused, who was ar- rested on Wednesday night by Constable Kavanagh, was remanded for eight days. IN a telegram from our Boebonrne corres- pondent, published last Monday, it was stated that the steam lighter Beagle procured for service on the Nor'-West coast, belonged to Holt's Line. This statement is incorrect. The lighter is owned by Messrs, Bethell, Gwyn & Co., Messrs. Trinder, Anderson & Co., and Mr. A. Holt. TBE amount of rainfall during the quarter ended December 31,1891, was 0*79in. on lu days against 10*16in. on 28 days for the cor- responding period of 1890. The highest temperature in the shade last quarter was 101 degs. on the 14th of November, and the lowest 42 dogs, on the 1st of October. The greatest range of temperature took place on tiie 6th of November, when the maximum of 95 degs. and the minimum of 58 degs. gave a range of 37degs. in 24 hours. A MEETING of the Board ef Management of the Young Men's Christian Association was held on Wednesday evening, in their Booms, McEwan's Buildings, Hay-street. Amongst other business finance, house, literary, and strangers committees were formed. These committees will enter upon their duties at once, and it is hoped that in a very short time the Booms will be ready for the accom- modation of members. Books, periodicals, &c;, will be gladly received for the library by the Secretary or members of the Board. OVER and over again it has been asserted (states a London exchange) that it is not the best, but one of the worst things to do with our boys, to make them clerks ; but parents, it would seem, do not think so. There are at this moment over 300 names on the list of applicants for the next vacancy at a London bank where the seniority principle is in foroe, and the newcomer would begin at rather less than £40 a year. At a large in- surance office there are 220 waiting for the first chance. ON Wednesday evening, it will bs remem- bered, the Assembly agreed to a resolution that the House at its rising on Friday (to-day) should adjourn till the following Monday week. Last evening, Mr. Cookworthy rose in his plaee in the House, and addressing the Speaker, said " I beg to give notice that, on Friday next, I will move that it is not, in the opinion of this House, advisable to adjourn for the Albany races." This announcement provoked some merriment, in the midst of whioh an hon. member was heard to suggest that the adjournment was not for the Albany races but for the benefit of the human race. A TRIAL is being made in Paris (says In- dustries) of a now system of woodpaving. It consists of pieces ef oak abont 4 in. long, split np similarly to the ordinary firewood, and laid loosely on end in fine sand on a bed of gravel from 4 in. to 4J in. in thickness. A layer of fine sand is then spread over them, and they are alternately watered and beaten several times. In about forty-eight hours the humidity has completely penetrated and caused the wood to swell, and it is claimed that the mass becomes thns absolutely com- pact and homogeneous and capable of stiport ing the heaviest traffic. A similar road has becs, pat down at Waterloo, Sydney, with very satisfactory results. THE Legislative Coancil sat yesterday even- ing. The Geraldtdfl'Mullewa Bailway Bill was read a third time and passed* Oa the consideration of the message from the Legislative Assembly regarding the Police Bill, the House refused to aceept the amend- ment of the Assembly to strike out the words " public place " in Clause 56, as it was contended by some bon. members that these words gave a clearer interpretation to the clause. The consideration of the message from the Assembly regarding the Gama Bill was made an order of the day for the next sitting. The Bankruptcy Bill and the Aboriginal Offenders' Act Amendment Bill were read a second time. At its rising, the House adjourned until this afternoon at 3 o'clock« THE following extract, dealing with water conservation in the Sahara, is taken from Chambers's Journal of October 31 :-" In the year 1857, the French engineer, M. Jos, demonstrated that that portion of the Sahara Desert included within the area of French Algeria contained large underground supplies of water, and the number of wella bored since that time in the Departments of Algiers, Oran, and Constantine amounts to moro than 13,600. These wella vary from 100 to 400 ft. in depth, and the pressure of the water forces it a couple of feet above the surface of the gronnd. It is then led into ditches, and is carried in this way to the vineyards, date trees, and wheatfield«. No fewer than 12,000,000 acres of barren land have been made fruitful in this way, an enterprise representing perhaps the most remarkable example of irrigation by means of artesian wells which can anywhere be found. Algeria owes to thie method of cnltivation that it is becoming a most important wine-producing country, as may be ganged from the fact that it sent to France in 1886 ten and a-balf millions of gallons." TN the Legislative Council last night, Mr. Morrison gave notice that he would move on Tuesday week : " That io the opinion of this House it is expedient that the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 28 Vic. No. 1, shall be so amended, (1) that depositors may in any one year deposit a sum or sums of money not exceeding ¿6250, in lieu of <£30 as provided by the said Aot; (2) that the maximum deposit of any depositor may be ¿6500, in lieu of ¿6150 as provided by the said Act -T and (3) that the maximum amount loanable in one loan may be ¿£2500, in Hen of ¿61000 as provided by the said Act." Mr. Morrison also gave notice that he would move on tbe same day : '. That m the opinion of the Hense it is expedient and conducive to the future wellf&re; of the colony, that in all boys' schools (where drill instruction can be ob- tained) the boys attending the same shall be drilled for an hour at least twice a week, and that the Government be reqnested to give effect to the above resolution by Act or otherwise as may be deemed most oertain to bring about the result desired." A CABLEGRAM, in another column, from our London correspondent, announces the death of Sir Morell McKenzie, M.D., the eminent specialist m diseases of the throat. Sir Morrell was born at Leytonstone, Essex, in 1837\. He was educated at the London Hospital, and the medical schools at Paris and Vienna. He was an M.D. of the Uni- versity of London. He had been for some years physician to the London hospital, and lecturer at that institution on diseases »f the throat. In recognition of his services to the late Emperor Frederiek of Germany, Her Majesty the Queen conferred a Knighthood upon him in 1888. Shortly before the Em- peror Frederick's death, he conferred on Sir Morell the Grand Cross of the Hohenzollern Order, with the Star of the same Order. To vindicate his treatment of the Emperor, Sir Morell published in 1888 a brochure entitled " The fatal illness of Frederick, the Noble." He is also the author of standard works on diseases of the throat, and he founded a hospital in Golden Square, London, for the treatment of those diseases. Ha claimed the merit of having introduced the laryngoscope into English practice. THE Bridgetown correspondent of the Southern Times writes under date, Jan. 25tb. -Onr new fruit industry is making very satisfactory progress and the first wagon load of pulp fruit leaves here to-day in charge of Alfred Doust, together with a few oases of oheice fruit which Messrs. Boss & Co. of Fremantle, the purchasers of this year's crop, hope to get to Fremantle in good con- dition. It is to be hoped the experiment of conversion into pulp for jam making will answer Mr. Allnutt's expectations. Your columns, year after year, have chronicled the vexatious difficulties and losses sustained by Mr. Allnutt in getting his frnit to market and if this novel arrangement succeeds he is to be congratulated upen having, to a limited ex- tent, overcome the great difficulty of the grower in getting his produce to market. Of course when we have rail communication be- tween Minninup and Perth onr anxieties on the score of transit will be considerably lessened. All kinds of fruit are now ripening fait and if we are only blessed with a few more showers the harvest will be a bountiful one. The great want, however, is labour. No teamsters oan be obtained, and if our Fremantle friends, instead of inveighing against Chinese, will first supply ns with a better substitute for this evidently gaod labour tbey wonld be doing some good for onr oolony. All some of them seem to think abont is their own selfish ends, and what with the eight hour's system and other advantages tbey are trying to get, labour will more than even congregate in the larger towna to the great detriment of the agricultural districts, the same deplorable fact being complained of in Victoria and the other colonies. IK its article reviewing 1891 from a dra- matic standpoint, the London Daily Telegraph says apropos of Ibsen :-" After much idle vapouring abont the necessity of divorcing art from commerce ; after mach self-sufficient "posing" and no little patronising,"after plenty of tirades abont the ignorance and literary incapability of managers, pnblie, and critical experts alike, we have had during the year a downright, regular, royal surfeit of the Scandinavian poet and prophet. We have seen " Bosmersholm " at the Vaudeville, and "Ghosts" at the Eoyalty, and "Hedda Gabler" at the Vaudeville, and the "Lady from the Sea" at Terry's, and "The Dell's Honse " once more at the Criterion. Ibsen has bad his chance, bnt, as far as we can see, the pubUo, who are the people most con- cerned in the matter, have no desire in the world to see any more of l03en, or Ibsen's school, or Ibsen's imitators, provided that in the future, as now, they diseñas theories and philosophies and anti-buman as well as anti- Christian speculations which are far more fitted for tbe scientific lecture- room than the general playhouse. This «e con- scientiously belive to be publio opinion-the opinion of the majority-which in the words of the Master, is always wrong." The writer probably Mr. Clement Scott, the most furious of the anti-Ibsenites - concludes :-" The admirers of Ibsen and Maeterlinok and the advanced school-wbo want to be conßidereed dramatists, though they never wrote for the stage-must be credited with all earnestness and enthusiasm. Bat as yet the pnblie is not with them. Tbey have had their innings in 1891, bnt it must be confessed that tbey have not scored. They have adopted the privilege assumed to be necessary in a bad case of abusing the opposing counsel, bnt the verdict of the jury has been against them. The voice sf the lecturer who proclaims the gospel of plays without interest, without plot, and, as some rudely think, without sense, is the voice crying in the desert. The plays that from all time have succeeded best are those that dwell upon beauty rather than ugliness ; upon the good that is in human nature rather than on the bad ; on kindliness rather than satire ; on ultimate hope more than on ultimate despair ; on faith in prefer once to nothingness. In this good cause the year 1891 has been no exception to the rule ; and, in the words of an old writer, those who believe in the humanising, effect of stage representation and the trne mission of stage art can ' thank God and take courage.' " 