LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. CAPTAIN R. M'LEOD, E company, Queens- land Scottish Volunteer Corps, will be attached, without pay or quarters, to the infantry class of instruction at Victoria Barracks from the 2nd to the 31st March. The following officers, non-commissioned officers, and men will be attached to A Battery, Permanent Force, for pay, quarters, and discipline, from the 2nd to the 31st March, for the infantry class of in- struction:–Ipswich Mounted Infantry: Acting- Lieutenant H. S. Cribb. The Gatton Mounted Infantry: Acting- Lieutenant F. A. Hewson, Acting Company Sergeant Major W. A. Bohm, Privates C. A. Shaw, J. Costello, F. E. Eggar, W. A. Wellstead, W. Ryan, and Bugler W. Devitt. Another Victory–All persons in Ips- wich and West Moreton are reminded that W. H. Bemi is still Printing, and is prepared to do all Kinds of Work with neatness and despatch at Reasonable Prices.–[Advt.] 640 As the intending excursionists to Southport were awaiting the arrival of the train at Black- stone, on Saturday morning last, an accident of a very painful nature happened to a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Johnston, of Redbank Plains. It seems that a couple of dogs were fighting, and the child, somehow or other, got to close quarters with the beasts, when she was attacked by them, with the result that she was bitten on the leg in several places, the calf of the left leg being severely lacerated. She was at once brought in by her father to Dr. Dunlop, who attended to her injuries, and on inquiry last evening it was ascertained that she is pro- gressing very favourably. JAMES RICHEY, Draper, Milliner, Clothier, &c.;, begs to announce his removal to those centrally- situated premises, in Brisbane-street, opposite St. Paul's Church, and adjoining the establishment of Messrs. T. W. Brady and Co., where, he feels assured, he will be able to give even more complete satisfaction to his numerous customers than ever.–[Advt.] 107 Oour Brisbane correspondent wrote last night :–As some doubt appears to exist as to whether the 1st March will be a public holiday, it may be as well to state that it has already been gazetted as such. The proclamation ap- pointing the holiday was issued in the Govern- ment Gazette of the 30th January. It has not yet been decided what will be done with respect to St. Patrick's Day (the 17th March). Without a competitor: LAHEY'S Unrivalled Arrowroot.–[Advt.] 691 A RESIDENT of Flinders, named Mr. Charles Yube, was bitten by a snake on Sunday last. It appears that he had just come from Church, when he discovered a snake on a shelf in his house. He made an attempt to dislodge his snakeship, when it darted at him, biting him on the thumb. He cut a piece of the flesh out, and rode into Ipswich to the Hospital, where he was attended to by Dr. Thornton, and was soon out of danger and able to return home. PHILADELPHIA Hop Bitters are recommended as a Tonic by the medical faculty. D. T. Keogh, Sole Local–Agent. [ADVT.] 60 LAST Saturday's Government Gazette contains the following notifications:–Mary Cooney to be transferred to the position of an assistance teacher in the State school for boys at North Ipswich. Eliza Hoare, Mary J. Henderson, Arthur H. Cooper, and Richard H. Ingram are to be classified as of class III., Division 3. The appointments of J. Greenham, G. E. Meyer, T. Spencer, T. Towell, and J. H. Van Cooten as members of the committee of the East Ipswich State School are notified; and also of Benjamin Zachariah Robertson as a member of the com- mittee of the Laidley North State School, vice Joseph Adie, resigned. 1892 is going fast ; and so are those Trunks at Rose's.–[Advt.] 704 About 3 o'clock on Saturday morning last, a fire broke out in a house, the property of Mr. A. J. Robinson, of the Park View Estate. The fire originated in the south-eastern portion of the building, which contained three rooms, with a detached kitchen, and the flames spread with such rapidity that, in a very short time, the house, with all its contents with the excep- tion of a sewing-machine, a table, and one or two chairs, was incinerated, but fortunately the kitchen and utensils were saved. At the time of the outbreak, there was no one in the house, Mr. Robinson and his family having left the pre- vious morning. The alarm was given by the Fire Brigade bell, and several members of the brigade proceeded along the Warwick- road, but at this time the structure was completely demolished. The residents living in close proximity to the house were soon in attendance, and rendered every assistance in their power to save the kitchen and remove whatever furni- ture they could from the burning building. Among those who were conspicuous in this re- spect were Messrs. T. Parker, T. Woolley and his two sons, and one or two others, while Mounted Constable Ferguson arrived sub- sequently. The property was insured in the Standard Fire Insurance Company, the dwelling at £90, kitchen £25, and furniture £45; while the house and kitchen were also insured in the Royal Insurance Company for £130. New Seeds just received: 5cwt. of New Cabbage Seeds in twenty varieties ; New Cauli- flower in four varieties; Melons, Pumpkins, Cucumber, French Beans, Lettuce, Radish, Carrot, Turnip, Vegetable Marrow, Tomato, and also all the new and reliable seeds that can be grown from any English and Colonial Growers. Also one thousand varieties of flower seeds. JAMES BALL, Nicholas-street, Ipswich. –[Advt.] Amongst recent stock passings we note the following on February 14:–There are now passing Alpha 1500 cattle travelling to Burnett from Bullie Creek Station; G. Gilbert in charge. Owner, T. de M. Prior, Maroon. Golden-Tipped Ceylon Teas, 2s. and 2s. 3d. Cribb and Foote.–[Advt.] 271 The usual fortnightly meeting of the local branch of the Australian Natives' Association was held in Ham's rooms last evening, when the president (Mr. James Wilkinson) occupied the chair. Dr. P. L. Townley was admitted as an honorary member of the order. The subject for the evening was "Impromptu speaking." Each of those present put a question in the hat, but, when they came to be drawn, it transpired that most of them had evidently had their mind dwelling on the one subject, for all but three of the questions produced were bearing on the black- labour question, whilst two of the writers of the remaining three papers desired to know "if it was the opinion of the members of that meeting that marriage was a failure, or not." Whatever the reason, no one ventured to ex- press a direct opinion on this matter. On the former question, however, most of those pre- sent appeared to feel very strongly; Messrs. W. Barrett, G. Steele, J. Donnelly, F. Fraser, B. Roberts, and J. Wilkinson opposed the introduction into the colony of coloured labour, the last-named speaking at some length. The president announced that, at the next meeting, Mr. Barrett would deliver an address on some subject of interest, and he desired to see as many present as could possibly attend. The receipts for the evening amounted to £4 17s. 6d. This concluded the business. Sewing Machines, 2s. 6d. per week; Mangles, 2s. 6d. per week. Fancy Goods, Crockery, and Glassware, Cheap. E. HARLOW, Brisbane-street.–[Advt.] 520 At the North Ipswich Congregational Church on Sunday evening last, the Rev. T. Jones preached a special sermon on the subject of "The Ghost that haunts us," basing his re- marks on the words contained in the 21st verse of the 7th chapter of Romans–"I find then a law that, when I would do good, evil is present with we." From these words, he preached a very good sermon, confining his references to ghosts. When a person was haunted, he said, it was by the evil which was in him, and the ghost that haunted him was his conscience. All ghosts were not the same, as they manifested themselves in different ways. There were thousands of people today who were hoping for heaven who were closing their eyes to the worst of sin, and believing that they were saved. They should not be deceived about that. There was One who could lift them up. There was one heart which sym- pathised with them in their struggles. There was One who understood the problem, and sympathised with them. There was One who could save to the very uttermost, and could make a man's disposition better, and make him altogether a better and purer man. It was that One who was nailed to the cross. The rev. gentleman's utterances were listened to attentively throughout by a large con- gregation. MOUNT Abundance Wine is not fortified ; perfectly pure. Try it. Geo. H. Wilson and Co.–[Advt.] 597 "Red Gum" writes :–Mount Crosby water- works station is becoming a very popular Sun- day drive. I had the pleasure, along with five others, of being driven out there last Sunday, and the ride was a thoroughly enjoyable one. Of course, there are several "pinches" during the journey–particularly the cutting approach- ing Colledge's bridge, but altogether the road is a fairly good one, and, when the waterworks are in full swing, no doubt further improvements will be made to the road in question. Since I was out there last, a large substantial coal-shed (capable of holding 300 tons of coal) has been undertaken, and is now nearly completed, besides which there are five double cottages for the employees about receiving the finishing-strokes. A large weigh-bridge has also been placed in position. The surroundings of the waterworks station will, in a couple of weeks' time, assume the appearance of a little township. I heard that the engine-works are all in grand working order, and that they were to be handed over to the Brisbane Waterworks Board, probably, this week. The reservoir has been pumped full of water a couple of times lately, and the final touches to that receptacle will be given this week. I have no doubt, too, that the Education Department will be called upon to build a new and larger school. Anyway, the present "slab hut" looks a rather undignified building after viewing the residences at the Mount Crosby station. GOOD tapestry carpets are being closed out at FINNEY, ISLES, and Co.'s sale from 1s. 3d. per yard; Brussels carpets from 2s. 11d.; floor- cloths, two yards wide, from 1s. 9d. Furni- ture, bedsteads, furnishing goods, and pictures, &c.;, &c.;, at large reductions.–[ADVT.] The committee of the Dinmore Turf Club (writes our Dinmore correspondent) met at the Club's rooms, on Saturday evening last, for the purpose of settling up, when the following amounts were paid over :–Mr. W. M'Donald, 10s., winner of the Pony Race with Rob Roy ; Mr. A. Haime, 22s 6d., winner of the Gallo- way Race with Bob, and Mr. J. Erskine, 12s. 6d., winner of the Flying Handicap with Moorlands. It was mentioned that the Local Hack Race was thrown open for all hacks, and the prize was appropriated by Rocket, for which he received 15s., while Mr. T. Dunn received 5s. for winning the Hurry Scurry with Rytonian. The protest against Hector was considered, but the com- mittee could not agree on the evidence adduced, so that they adjourned at half-past 10 o'clock until Tuesday evening next. A most enjoyable social was then held, dancing being carried on vigorously by the young folk. Mr. Ellis, president of the club, in a short speech, expressed great pleasure at the successful termination of the day's sport. Votes of thanks, which were carried with acclamation, were then tendered to the judge (Mr. Rey- nolds), the starter (Mr. T. Burns), and the stewards, each speaker endorsing the remarks of the president. A special vote of thanks was given to Mr. Nunn for the manner in which he had prepared the course, and Mr. Nunn suit- ably replied. Dancing was continued till half- past 11 o'clock, when the affair broke up, everyone being highly satisfied with the night's festivities. ONCE smoked always smoked: Dixson's "Champion" pocket pieces.–[Advt.] 17 Mr. Marks: "The paper says the Judge reserved his decision. I don't see why it is Judges invariably put off deciding a point until the next day." Mrs. M.: "Well, I do. Judges have sense enough to want to consult their wives!" We recommend our Ching Wo Congou half- chests, £2 10s. CRIBB and FOOTE.–[ADVT.] 