It was quite dark long before wa reached Cologne, writes Julian Havtbonx; in tact, it was near midnight, and nothing could be seen m we approached the city but lights, gradually multiplying. The great cathedral was invisible, but when we emerged from the railway station, behold I there it rose directly over our headB, a mighty cliff of carves etone ascending to and losing itself in the darkness of the midnigb t sky. We gazed and clambered into onr wegaons'and were driven around the Zuliobs Tiatz (which contains not odly the cathedral; but the eftablish mente of the various firme which profess to ?ell the only genuine cologne water), and through some narrow and <?cvious-streets to oar hotel, situated about s quarter ot a mile .way. Alter a mouthful of supper there was nothing for the moment as bed, and to bed we went.' Oar beds were ot the familiar Ger man pattern, abort and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded coverlid; but we slept tike dreamless sleep of exhaus tion. ? '.rv ti , The next morning we tooktbe train to "the-,' omversitytown of Bono.tlrtntyiniles away. As we left Cologne and got out into the plain the vast tnaea of the e.\thedral,with its twin towers, com higher and higher above th« roofs of the earrenndingcity until at length ; the city sunk altogether cut of sight and the cathedral alone remained and possessed the horizon. The proportions ot this wonderftil structure are so perfect that it is Impossible, while, la its immediate vicrnity» to realise its enormous dimensions. Tfaey are revealed only by distance, but when they are revealed they almost surpass expectations. It is IK-., yond question the most magnificent of gothSc architecture that the world has ever Been one of the few creations of man that abso lutely ealisfy tho craven of the human mlntr fnr perfection. Bonn' Is one of the prettiest , ofuniversity towns, with long, shady avenues and handsome villas In the outskirts. The college buildings are of the aitnpleft arebited tore. Thebroad Bhioe, of a yellowish green hue, hurries by on one tide, and a few miles further up rises the mountain ofc the Dracbenfels, with , its ruined castle on the summit. At the little church on the bill near Bonn then was a wide view over a broad and fer tile plain.for the members of the expedition that visited it. The cathedral roee- like a distant mountain peak on the isorieon. Tho Rhine flowed through the landscape in a long carve, and along its banks crept three or four regiments of hussars engaged in some drill manoeuvres. There were masses ^of clouds In the sky and shadows and annehine flitted across the face of the earth. A fresh westerly breeze was blowing and the at mosphere was exhilarating. We descended is the crypt of the churoh, where the dead monka lay in ooffina on each side of the dark and narrow vault. The flesh had dried and shrivelled dpoia their hones, and their garments had partly crum bled to pieces with age, hut the expression and character of each face was preserved, and the eight, strange to ray, waB not disagree able. The withered faces had an aspect ot profound peace. Each figure lay with hip hands lolded across his breasts One ol them, however, had died of lookjaw, and bis mouth was wide open, giving him a moat singular and grotesque appearance. Then was also a Btory connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania lot relics had broken oft a thumb from this body and carried it sway, bat many years after* ward ^ he had sent it hack with the request that it be restored to its proper owner, and adding that misfortune bad pursued him over sinoe he bad committed the robbery* The ghost of the outraged monk bad given him no rest. So there lies the thumb on the withered breast, and the letter la preserved in the archives ot the church. The amiable little priest who told na the legend smiled at ue_ as he told it with a chQdieh pleasure in this confirmation of the reality of bis re ligion. It was a memorable ceene-the dark crypt, lighted only by the lantern in the hands of our guide, the dosky corpses in their open coffins and the eilent crowd gaaing and iistecinp. »u>uiuiut; 10 oona we got into A river ettamer, under the guidance end by the in vitation cf the American Consul at Cologne, a gentleman who throughout treated ub vitb the utmost cordiality and attention, and proceeded ®p the river to the Draohenlel*. The ruin of Draohenfels shows the unu* ing mBBBivenees with whloh the old builder# built. Only a fragment of the town remains, rising straight op Otm tbe vertical faoe of the precipice foe sixty feet, bat eo true are the lines and so ponderous the workmanship that it may well stand as it ie now for »n other thousand yean. We " rambled overit,»a<L out. ' ' baak inO<rtogne,*riihiheiaieTiiary oia day on theBhine thai will never fadeaway. 