The Kapunda Herald. FRIDAY, MAY 6, 1892. DEEMING FOUND GUILTY. "Guilty" is the verdict of the jury empannelled in the case of Frederick Deeming, who was charged with the murder of his wife at Windsor in December last. To say that the verdict is "popular" has a peculiar, unfitting sentiment about it because of the shocking nature of the crime with which Deem- ing was charged, but the expression certainly embodies that universality of pubic approval which entitles it to that characterisation. There are people in, the world whose sympathies are drawn out towards those whose crimes have been of a bloody and horrible description, and the more devoid of humane feelings the perpetrator is, the more heroic they depict him. A little of this spirit has been manifested in the case of Deeming, but not so much, in proportion, to the interest taken in the case, as has been in some other instances. Against this, how- ever, has been an unprecedented pre- judice towards, and prejudgment of a prisoner, and that his life was not clamored for after the fashion of the lynchers of America is a famous in- stance of the well-balanced temper of Australians and their strict regard for law and justice. The trial has not been so protracted as was at one time expected, but even with its brevity it seems to have met all the requirements of justice, in spite of the contentions of the prisoner's counsel that a post- ponement should be granted to enable the plea of "instinctive criminality" to be investigated, and with all deference to the complaint of the prisoner and his counsel, that on account of the prejudice of the public, it was impossible for the trial to result in justice. To go no further than the defence, the jury had an admission of guilt by the very plea by which pal- liation was sought, and their verdict was a natural one. Whether Deeming is insane or only a fox, is a point upon which experts have differed in ex- tremities, and the judge, after inti- mating his opinion that the prisoner was sane, wisely overcame that point by putting the side of law, and not that of mental scientific theories, before the jury. That the prisoner, accept- ing his plea as one of guilt, is destitute of all conscience and human sym- pathies, and was no more concerned about the fearful deeds whose blood besmeared his hands than was pre- cautionary for his evasion of justice, has had ample evidence in his hypoc- risy and his callous indifference to everything save his own neck. If Deeming is a specimen of " instinctive criminality" in man, his state is little better than that of a dog afflicted with hydrophobia, and human, nature unresistingly forces the suggestion, that he should be placed, in the most effective manner, beyond reach of those whom he may harm. But still, undue haste should not be adopted, for there are a num- ber of peculiarities about the man and his antecedents which might be well enquired into now that he has desired that they should be — not that they are any mitigation of the immensity of crimes of which he has been found guilty — but bare justice, demands, that reasonable suggestions, of diseased mentality should be investigated with the view to arriving at a cause for the crimes. But attempts to force the monster — " the abnormal offspring'' as he has been described by his own counsel — upon the tolerance of the nation for an unnecessarily long period should not be permitted. No doubt, an effort will be made to obtain a commutation to imprisonment for life, but the Executive, unless better reason is advanced than was at the trial, would not be justified in acceding to the request. Be Deeming sane or insane, he is possessed in a lively sense of that inherent contrariness of a man that makes him recoil at the application of the principle — that as he did unto others he should be done by; or, rather, he was, for the verdict appears to have transplanted that with despair, and he now declares himself as satis- fied that the law should destroy him than that the hands which have been proved to have so shockingly muti- lated his wives and little ones should also end his life. He asserts that he will not be dead long before his innocence will be proved. Either he is under a most mysterious hallucination, or is the most uncompromising liar and hypocrite the world has known, and in either case he is a danger to society, which should be rid of his pre sence in the way which the law requires for cases of his kind. THE INSTITUTE READING-ROOM.— A little misapprehension has arisen in respect to the alteration of rule 20 of the Institute regulations. The remark in our report in Tuesdays issue that the reading-room is open to subscribers only should have been qualified by an addition to the effect that the room will be open for two hours daily to the public in accordance with Act of Parliament. THE WINDSOR MURDERER.— The trial of Deeming for the murder of his wife at Windsor in December last was concluded on Monday afternoon. The verdict of the jury, after a few minutes' consultation, was guilty. The verdict has given satisfaction generally. The prisoner asserted his innocence, declaring that he would not be dead long before it would be proved. A meeting of the Executive will be held next week, and, if the death sentence is passed, the execution will probably take place on May 16. AN AMERICAN BIRTH COINCIDENCE. — The Ansonia, Conn., correspondent of the New York Sun writes on March 20 :— Charles Parlatto and Antonio Parlatto are brothers, and before they left Italy they married sisters. Both settled in Birmingham, where Antonio made money enough by running a fruit stand to become a property owner. Charles is a trusted employé of the Derby Silver Company. Yesterday the remarkable coincidence occurred of the wife of each giving birth to twins within a few hours of each other. One set of twins was girls, the other boys. A NEIGHBOURS' QUARREL — BLOWN UP BY DYNAMITE. — A terrible outrage (says a telegram in the Advertiser) was enacted at Brunswick, Victoria, on Tuesday morning. A neighbors' quarrel of long standing between two women, Mrs. Ryckman and Mrs. Chatfield, had resulted in the former being summoned, and the case was fixed for Wednesday. Mrs. Ryckman, who is a widow far advanced in age, it appears decided to " blow up" her neighbor, and did so with dynamite, which she threw into a room. Mr. Chatfield was terribly wounded and is in a critical condition, and Mrs. Ryckman's left hand was blown off at the wrist. Mrs. Ryckman, who seems to be a little short in her reason, says she only intended to frighten Mrs. Chatfield, but that she fully intended taking her own life. KAPUNDA CRICKET CLUB. — The closing meeting of the Kapunda Cricket Club was held at the Sir John Franklin Hotel on Saturday evening, April 30. The balance sheet (which showed a surplus of 7½d.) and averages of the past season were read. A vote thanks was tendered to the secretary, captain, umpire, and committee- men for their services during the season. A COSTLY SANTUARY LAMP.— The New York Sun thus describes a new sanctuary lamp, said to be the largest in Brooklyn, now being made for St. Augustine's Roman Catholic Church, in Fifth Avenue and Ber- gen-street, Brooklyn, of which the Rev. father McCarthy is the pastor: — It is of silver-fretted work, and is studded with jewels. It will hang from the middle arch of the chancel, and from the ball by which it is suspended to the arch down to the bottom of the cross that hangs from the base is eighteen feet. The circle which forms the base of the lamp is five feet in diameter, and upon it stand the figures of seven angles, life size, symbolising the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. The angels hold four jewelled lamps above their heads — a sapphire, representing celestial con- templation ; a ruby, divine love; a crystal, purity ; and an emerald, unfading youth. Within the corona is the inner lamp, with five lights, symbolic of the five holy orders. The cross, which is suspended below the lamp, is of silver, and is brilliant with jewels. The lamp, it is said, will cost, when completed, in the neighbourhood of $5,000. THE RAINFALL.— From a statement pub- lished it will have been noticed that the rainfall registered for the past year has been :— January, 4 days, 0-950; February, 4 days, 0-700; March, 5 days, 0-355 inches. Mr. Calrke has favored us with the follow- ing statement of the rainfall during the past month at the post-office:— Day.......Inches.......................Day.......Inches. 9th........0-110........................17th.......0-360 11th......0-110.........................19th.......0-005 15th......0-010.........................28th.......0-040 .............................................29th.......0-370 Total, 1-1005 inches, in 7 days, which brings the total up to the end of April of the present year to 3-010 inches in 20 days. In 1891 the rainfall for the same period was as follows :— January, 4 days, 0-415; February, 1 day, 0-090; March, 6 days, 0-575 inches; April, 6 days, 1-485; total, 2-565 inches in 17 days, being 0-445 less than has fallen in the same period this year. The rainfall registered at the Kapunda reservoir this year is as follows : — January, 3 days, 0-905; February, 4 days, 0-765; March, 4 days, 0-380 inches. Mr. T. W. Cato informs us that the rainfall registered in April was — Day.......Inches..........................Day.......Inches. 6th .......0-010........................... 21st.......0-020 9th...... 0-150........................... 22nd..... 0-190 10th...... 0-060........................... 24th...... 0-055 11th...... 0-195........................... 28th...... 0-060 18th...... 0-300........................... 29th.......0-270 ................................................30th 0-050 Total, 1-360 inches, in 11 days, a grand total for the three months of 3-410 inches in 22 days. In 1891 the fall regis- tered was as follows: — January, 3 days, 0-630; February, 1 day, 0-170; March, 4 days, 1-950; April, 10 days, 1-990 — total, 4-740 inches in 18 days, being 1-330 inches more than has fallen during the same time this year. At the waterworks yard in the township the fall for the past month was 1-090 inches in 9 days. KAPUNDA SCHOOL OF MINES.— A meet- ing of the council of the Kapunda branch of the School of Mines and Industries was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening. Mr. A. Palmer, J.P., the president, occupied the chair. The chairman said the meeting had been called for general purposes. The date for the annual meeting would have to be considered. The branch was inaugurated on the 15th of June last year by an address from Mr. East, and it may be wise to take that date as the beginning of the year. The financial position of the school was a credit balance of £27, out of which an account for £13 12s., expenses in establish- ing the mineralogical and assaying class, and several small amounts, would have to be paid, by which time the £27 would be pretty well absorbed. Whilst in town last week he had called at the office of the Minister of Education enquiring whether the remaining instalment of £100 was available, and he was informed that it could be had at any time. Mr. Rayment was drawing up a report giving full par- ticulars of the expenditure as required by the Minister of Education. It was resolved that application be made at once for the £100. The advisability of holding regular monthly meetings, at which reports from the instructors of the classes should be received, was suggested, and after a little discussion it was resolved that meetings be held and that the instructors should be asked to send in reports at once. The question of date of annual meeting was postponed until the meeting of the council in June. It was mentioned that the fee charged for the mechanical drawing class viz., 5s., was too high for some apprentices, and a long discussion took place as to the advisability of endeavoring to meet such cases. It was resolved that up to the age of eighteen, the fee should be 1s. per quarter. Incompliance with the suggestion of Mr. James, the instructor of freehand drawing, it was decided to obtain twelve pictures as works of art for the use of the class, on condition that when the pictures were returned the frames would be the property of the school. Mr. Holloway said dressmaking and cookery classes were very popular in Adelaide, and he thought it would be well to make enquiries as to the possibility of establishing one or both, of them in Kapunda. Mr. J. Shakes had kindly offered £5 towards a cooking range if the cookery class were formed. Several difficul- ties in the way of establishing the class were mentioned, but the president (Mr. A. Palmer) and secretary (Mr. A. W. Ray- ment) and Messrs, A. Holloway and W. Patrick were deputed to make enquiries. The committee was authorised to procure a case for minerals. Owing to the lateness of the hour Mr. Flavel's suggestion that steps be taken for holding an exhibition of work of pupils in competition for prizes which had been offered by several gentle- men was postponed to a future meeting. Mr. Patrick gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that it is desirable to establish a class in practical mechanics. AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. — We have received a copy of the forty- third annual report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. The directors report that the new business of the year 1891 has exceeded that of any previous year in the history of the society. During the year 13,462 policies, assuring £4,059,287 were accepted and completed. Claims amounting to £479,470 12s, includ- ing £109,931 12s, for bonus additions, have arisen under 920 life policies, by the death of 794 members. Of this amount a sum of £56,131 12s. has become payable through deaths due to the unfluenza epidemic. One hundred and eighty- five endowment assurances have also matured, amounting to £75,946 18s, including £23,546 18s, bonus additions. The accumu- lated fund has increased by £795,163 10s. 2d., and now amounts to £10, 532,036 10s. The report of the actuary discloses a cash surplus of funds over habilities (sic) of £688, 781 16s. Out of this surplus the board, has resolve to allot the sum of £489,828 6s, 11d. for distribution among the members. A perusal of the report proves that the society maintains its posi- tion in the front ranks of life assurance societies in the world, and that there is no indication of a check to its prosperous career. A LIVELY SPOOK IN MAINE. — A spook has been making things lively for the family of George Hodgdon in Palyrma dur- ing the last two months, (says an American paper). Mrs. Hodgdon. says that one night about eight weeks ago, she and her husband were awakened at midnight by a loud pounding upon the headboard of the bed- stead occupied by their little daughter. The noise continued until they took the child into, their own bed. Three or four nights afterwards a bottle of ink was smashed against the little girl's bedstead and a dish of apples was taken from the table and hurled through the window. A tin pan filled with eggs, which had been left in the cellar, came up two flights of stairs and crashed through the bedroom door, landing in a corner and spoiling the carpet and wall paper. Some potted plants were taken from a table and thrown violently upon Mrs. Hodgdon's bed, the dinner-bell was rung downstairs, the parlor stove rattled, and the family tomcat was made to howl with pain. Windows were raised and lowered, doors opened and closed, and a few mournful notes were struck on the piano. AN EXTRAORINARY COINCIDENCE. — Twelve years ago (says the Carbondale correspondent of the New York Sun) Bryce R. Blair, Jr. son of a prominent citizen of this city, went to Colorado to seek his fortune. His parents heard regularly from him for three years. The last time he wrote, to them he was in Marysvale, Utah, but was on the point of going to Idaho. No tidings have come from him since then. His father has been constantly searching for him for nine years. Not long ago he inserted an adver- tisement in a Salt Lake newspaper, describ- ing his son minutely, among other things saying that he was left-handed, and asking for information concerning the missing young man. A reply to this advertisement was received from a man in Salt Lake City, who said a man named Bryce R. Blair, answering exactly the description of the missing Carbondale man, even to being left-handed, was living in Lander, Wy? and had been there about nine years. Young Blair's parents, while unable to account for the long silence of their son, had no doubt that they had found him at last. The clue was followed up, but, although the Bryce Blair in Lander is the exact double of the Carbondale man of the same name, in age, size, weight and in peculiarities, he proved that he was the son of James Blair of Nebraska, and was not even related in the remotest degree to the missing namesake. 