The Advertiser. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1892. The Victorian Legislative Assembly has been amusing itself by holding a discus-<*> sion on the abstract question of protection versus free-trade. That, of course, was nut the avowed object of the various r-jieakere, but they got there all the same The peg on which the debaters hun<: their arguments was the proposed increaw -if Customs duties, and it served its pur pose fairly well. From the very first i< ?*as apparent that the controversy wouH prove to be somewhat academical in it> character and very little else. Thetx was no chance of achieving any political results worthy of the name, and verj tittle hope of any adequate compensation for waste of time. Even those who had tin most to say against the principle of pro tection as applied by the Government, recognised quite clearly that the policy oi the country is definitely settled, and thai its reversal was out of the question. The) had no opportunity of doing anything •if that kind and would not have availed themselves of it if it were open. Yc< they evidently felt it incumbent upon •-hem to seize the opening for embarrass ing the Government, and the revisi-m ot the tariff furnished them with a con venieut stalking - horse. According!} when the Treasurer proposed the firsi icem of the increased duties Sir Heurj Wrixon delivered himself of a careful!) prepared speech, the logical conclusion ot which would have been a proposal to revert to the system of free-trade. He had not the temerity to take such a step as that, and hence his speech terminated rather brokeuly, being left without the climax: to which it naturally led. It is an open secret that had sufficient encouragement been forthcoming Sir Henry's speech would have inaugurated a direct attack on the Government in some tonn, but the necessary support could not be obtained. The consequence was a dis cursive and monotonous debate without any clear issue being raised by theOpposi tion. The trite aud threadbare arguments that did duty many years ago, and were then relegated into an antiquarian limbo, were dragged out and furbished up so as if jKjssible to look as good as new, but the attempt was a failure. All the sophistry that could be employed, and the ingenuity that aided it by culling partial statistics from Hayter, proved ineffective against the solid facts that the policy Victoria ba-s adopted justifies itself year by year. The replies by Sir Graham Berry and others to Sir Henry Wrixon and those who are with him have been complete and crush ing. Incidentally the debate may serve some useful purposes that were not foreseen The attack made by Sir Henry Wrixon was ostensibly det-igned to prevent pro tection becoming prohibition, but he went a good deal further and assailed the principles on which protection rests. In doing so he necessarily elicited so much in defence of those principles that they are likely to stand more firmly than ever. There are some politicians who accept what is generally regarded as a settled policy without much enquiry, and behind them are numbers of electors in pretty much the same position. On all such persons a debate of the kind is certain to have an educative effect. At the same time it brings into prominence the desira bility of choosing representatives whose judgment is sound,- and who are well informed on similar questions. Of late years free-trade has been regarded as not only dead but buried with no chance of a resurrection into active political life. A number of members have been returned to Parliament whose proclivities in that direction were not unknown, but who were understood to have accepted the in evitable. No pledges were taken from them because none seemed to be necessary. What was at one time a, burning question had almost entirely lost its vital heat. A combination of circumstances may arise is which the easy assurance that has pre vailed will prove to be a grave oversight. There is not the slightest chance of free traders snatching a victory for their views in Victoria. The purely partisan character of the entire discussion is to be inferred from the fact that the last levision of the Vic torian tariff in the direction of increased protective duties was made by a Go vernment of which Sir Henry Wrixon was a member. Nothing can show much more clearly that the object in view was not to introduce a fiscal revolution, but to discredit the Government of the day. According to an old proverb any stick will do to beat a dog with, and any excuse was doubtless held sufficient for attacking the plan by which the Shiels Cabinet proposes to restore financial equilibrium. The various methods by which retrench ment has been applied have met with the severe criticism and die strenuous opposi tion that are usual at such times, and the proposals to increase revenue were certain to receive similar treatment. The un patriotic character of such a line of conduct is apparent. The colony finds itself confronted with serious difficulties, and its first duty is to readjust its income and expenditure so as to create and justify confidence that it can and will pay its way. Any Ministry that undertakes the onerous and unpleasant task thus set before it is sure to have a thorny path, but the unwisdom of Parlia ment spending days and weeks in an ab stract discussion is self-evident. The plain fact of the case is that a considerable augmentation of the revenue is absolutely necessary. Scarcely anyone is prepared to dispute this unless it be Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, whose panacea for the trouble induced by a burdensome debt is to bor row more money. The Shiels Govern ment has curtailed expenditure wherever possible, and proposes to increase the public income in a way that will foster in ternal prosperity. The experience of the past indicates that the lines chosen are safe and sure, despite all the disingenuous fallacies that are flourished by opponents. One of these fallacies is the statement that under protection the productiveness of Victoria has declined. The exact contrary of this, alleged fact is clearly demon strated by the statistical returns, which show growth and exjiansion in every direction. The lessons of such returns are discounted in some measure unless the fluctuations in the market prices of agricultural and pastoral pro ducts are taken into account. When the volume and value are both brought into view the progress effected is seen to be beyond all controversy. It is so also when, together with the value of the raw ma terial produced, its increased value after being operated upon in local manufac tories is ascertained. The proof thus afforded is so strong and clear that all attempts to weaken it must have the re | fcrse effect. Barring the waste of time, the debate in the Victorian Legislature will not do any harm, but after all Par liament might have been much better employed. The failure of some of the best known of the English building societies and the1 severe strain to which other similar insti tutions have recently been subjected will j>r?l)ably have a material effect upon the course of English politics. They will nerve to emphasise the demands made bj Mr. Labouchere and others that prompt ittention shall be given to questions of ijomestic legislation. The danger is that in the desire to satisfy the popular clamoi empirical remedies may be dangled before the people which will have the effect of diverting attention from the real interest* at stake. The failure of large firms likt rhat of Sir Titus Salt & Co., Limited, and the restriction of the ship building trade which has alreadj thrown many hundreds of men on the Clyde out of work, will cause a largi amount of suffering and destitution. These •alamiries will, however, hardly coon home with such telling force to so man) persons as the failure of institution specially intended to provide working men and persons of 6tnall means with a -afe means of investing their savings. For it is a singular fact that though to be out of employment and to have the pros |iect of starvation awaiting one is a de cidedly unpleasant sensation, these un pleasant contingencies seldom create eucl. a sense of personal injury and injustice *s the sudden loss of the small saving*, ■if years. It is true that building societies have partly outgrown the specific purposes they were designed to accomplish and specially aimed at thirty or forty years ago. They were intended to encourage thrift on the one hand, and on the other hand to enable the members to acquire the freehold of their cottages. so that they might be qualified to vote both for the borough and county members. Hence some of them were partly political organisations. The widening of the fran chise and other causes have diminished their value in the latter respect. The considerable success which attended many of the best managed societies drew atten tion to their value as offering the means for the safe investment of savings, and in this way they have been used by a large number of persons who have had neither the need nor the desire to take advantage of the help they afford to persons wish ing to become possessed of a small free hold. As a means of encouraging thrift build ing societies, when well managed, have been exceedingly popular; but it would seem that this phase of their usefulness is being put to a severe test. The tendency in such circumstances is to look either to the Government or the Legislature for assis tance . Prior to the establishment of the Government and Post - Office savings banks in England there were several local savings banks under private manage ment ; but the many losses suffered by de positors through bad management and the dishonesty of officials rased a demand for banks under State control. It is not likely that the English Government will be asked to start a build ing society, but, according to recent telegrams, the Associated Chambers of Commerce are discussing the advisable ness of amending the law relating to these institutions. The proposals include the establishing of a uniform system of ac counts, the opening of the books to Go vernment inspection, and the regulation of advances. These safeguards would no doubt be of Borne value, but they would Dot remove all the dangers. The profits of a building society are made oat of the borrowing members, and there is always a strong temptation to accept deposits so that there may be a larger sum available for lending. The deposits are frequently a source of greater danger than the ad vances to borrowers. On the other hand if the advances are restricted the de posits must also be diminished, other wise the societies would be paying interest on more money than they could use, and this would very soon land them in difficulty. If properly managed and confined to its legitimate business a building society is pretty safe, but the misfortune is that members are tempted by the offer of large profits on deposits and favorable rates for borrowers. It would seem as if some of the English societies had copied the bad example of the worst managed of die colonial institu tions. It is probable that the panic which lately caused a run upon several of the English building societies was based upon exaggerated rumors, but the fact that,£he Associated Chambers of Commerce have been gravely discussing the situation suggests that die fears were not quite groundless. And we suspect that die difficulty goes deeper than a mere question of management. The truth is that under existing conditions thrift most always be profitable to die thrifty at die cost of some one else. The depositor in die building society is benefited at the cost of die borrower, who in reality pays a very high rate of interest, though die fact is concealed from him by his paying off principal and interest in easy instalments extending over a long period. The latter, who lives frugally in order to become his own landlord, finds himself in a difficulty if he is unable to keep up his payments, and even if he succeeds in working out his shares he sometimes has reason to question whether the advantage has not been dearly purchased. In short, if everybody were thrifty nobody would profit by it. Recent events teach pretty plainly die lesson so often forgotten that there is a limit to the exercise of thrift in a community. And as this lesson comes home forcibly to what are known as die working and lower middle classes of Eng land, the demand for social legislation will become imperative. They will argue that if they can find no safe outlet for their savings, something ought to be done to render their position more secure.: Already the Gladstone Government have been given to understand that the Radical j party will not be content to have every thing sacrificed to Home Role. Even Dis establishment is not regarded by many as being of nearly so much importance as legislation designed to improve the social and material comfort of the masses. As the outcome of the agita tion it is probable that many crude proposals will be suggested, and both the great political parties will vie with each other for the popular vote. That the disposition will be to favor legislation of a socialistic character can hardly be doubted. The repeal of the Corn Law? was brought about, not by the conversion of England to free-trade, but: by the de termination to have a cheap loaf. And in the present period of unrest it needs hut a slight addition to the growing evils of poverty to accentuate the demand for legislation to relieve it. If added to the vast army of unemployed there is to be the additional evil of insecurity for the savings of the thrifty, the people will ttegin to ask that the consideration of the means to mitigate these evils shal] have a prominent place in the Ministerial pro- and in tiic discussions of the Great Council of the nation. Yesterday, after the Government had got the Butter Bonus Bill into committee, the House of Assembly was Bet to work on the correction of the defects pointed out by The Advertiser. It is too bad that die redrafting of carelessly- prepared Bills should be left to Parliamentary com mittees. This class of work does not :ume within the proper province of the Legislature, and, as a matter of fact, oannot be done satisfactorily when there ?ire so many hands employed in the tinkering process. The Holder Govern ment have not yet had sufficient oppor tunities to build up quite each a record for introducing imperfect Bills as that of the I'layford Ministry before Mr. Kingston came to the rescue, but it does not seem that they have profited much from the experience of their predecessors. It is about time that the serious ness of the business of law- making was recognised by the bestowal of greater attention on the drafting of Bills in pro per form. Apart from the criticism justly passed on the slipshod preparation of the measure, the policy it embodies was yes terday the subject of another Animated debate. The position taken by one at least of the supporters of the Bill supplies a curious commentary on the mixed con dition of South Australian politics. Mr. Playford does not believe in paying bonuses on the export of butter; he thinks that after three years' experience of the system the bonus will be such a "horrid example" of what ought to be avoided that Parliament will never agree to repeat the experiment. This is a re markable expression of opinion to come from a politician who was the head of a Government which proposed to introduce the system, and which in due course would have submitted it tor adop tion had Ministers remained in office. To do Mr. Playford justice, he does not dis appoint the reasonable expectation of the present uoverament that his vote will be given in favor of the policy of the Bill; but his vote and his voice are in singular antagonism. The question is—Would Mr. Playford have supplied opponents with arguments against the measure if his own Government had, as they in tended, introduced it ? If he had found that he could not speak favorably, would he not have discreetly held his tongue ? Mr. Playford has shown unmistakably during recent years that he has com pletely emancipated himself from what Macaulay called "the ignoble pride of a fatal consistency," and is now always ready to funn Governments to carry out jither men's ideas. Doubtless be thinks he can be better trusted with them than their authors. In this case the late Premier has not claimed the right exercised by some of his former colleagues to oppose measures and prin ciples which they supported while in office. It. adds not a little to the diffi culties of a Government when on bring ing forward a measure championed by their predecessors they unexpectedly find the ranks of the members on whose opposi tion they had reckoned reinforced by retiring Ministers whose support had been taken for granted. This is, however, a frequent experience, and it represents a part of the penalty that has to be paid for the absence of parties from our political system and the overwhelming importance attached to personal considerations in the formation of Governments. Three years ago Mr. Homburg said in the House "be realised that in the past we had seen many political somersaults turned before it had been possible to find a Ministry which had been able to present to the House something like a concrete policy, and he knew that of necessity many members had to make a compromise if ever they intended to occupy a seat upon the Treasury benches." From this it follows that the best paying principle in politics is that expressed by the satirist in the " Biglow Papers":— A pfoooine •Btenun should be on ill gnard. EJ be tnttht bey belief* not to believe 'cm ta bald. The politician should wia.inta.ffi the attitude of the accommodating candidate, who con cluded his speech by saying:—"These, gentlemen, are my opinions. If they don't suit, they can be altered." By inviolable adherence to these golden rules earnestness and sincerity may indeed be gradually expelled from public life, but the individual vrho practises them will perhaps consider himself personally compensated by the greater ease with which he will be able periodically to obtain his share of the spoils of office. The last aot in oonnection with the petition of Mr. R. Goooh wm performed in &xb; As eembly on Thursday, when it was quietly re oeived and read, Mr. Osman Riving die requi site guarantee that although the same person was petitioning the memorial was different to that h?n^*?3 in by Mr. Ash. Mr. Hounsevell wanted to know what action the Government intended to take with reepeot to the motion passed in the Legislative Council on the pre vious day, and Mr. Holder replied that be did not recognise that the other branoh of the Ijegifilatnre tiad anythingto do with the *"Mring and imTn^r?wg of Sfinubries. It was promised Oat a Bill to enable South Australia to re-enter the Federal Council would be sob nutted to Parliament next week. Prior tothe business of the day being called on the Speaker explained that his absence from the ohair on Wednesday evening was caused by seven, in disposition, Mod he thought it doe to the House to state the cause of bia non-attend ance. Mr. Holder, on the first opportunity, moved the second reading of the Batter Bonos 801, and informed members that the recent ohange of the weather bad rendered the imme diate passage of the measure one of urgency. Mr. Gninger thought Mr. Johnston, S.M., was going to draft abort Bill*, but if he could not 4o so the Ar?., r . .-- General might hare stepped into tb* („-,.■!, „„ this occasion. The Bill did nocr^m .., anyone; it was abungle throughout,and would t« uctetiy impracticable, a* every farmer under it would be able to otaim a part in the boons. Too much was left to the regulations, and, as was pointed out in The Advertiser, there was no definition either of a proprietor or a "foreign port." The latter could not mean England any more than Melbourne or Broken HilL "That v pre scribed by the regulations," said Me. Castine, to which Mr. Grainger retorted that no regula tion could nuke England a foreign port. "It is done in Victoria," explained Mr. Castine, and Mr. Grainger cried impatiently, " Oh! I'm sick of Victoria. That colony forms a very bad example just now," "Hoar, bear," said Mr. Kingston loyally. Then, continued the adverse eritrio, "Where the diokens is the money tooome from?" The BUI did not pre- Bcribe whether it should be taken torn revenue or loans. The act, if passed in its present form, would be absurd and so much, watte paper. The Gorarnment would have to amend it in the manner suggested. He was tired of seeing the Ministry bounding through the session like a welted football; a committee should be fanned to help the Ministry frame their Bills, or eke they should be turned oat. Mr. Mcrale wanted to know whether everyone exporting butter would get the bonus. " Ask each of the Ministers and yoo.ll get five di&erent; replies," said Mr Kingston. Continuing, Mr. Moule stated that Mr. Holder and Mr. Castine were both freetraders, and the Bui was a fair sample of the blunder; freetraders made when they tried to encourage local industries. The boons would only make factories, already paying splendidly, more profitable. " What about the Rivenon factory T asked somebody, to which Mr. Moale answered severely that the Govemmunt were not responsibla for the mis management of particular establishments. Mr. Burgoyne thought the Bill was not a feather in the cap of the Attorney-General, bat he sup posed they couldn't expsot anything better. "You supposed a good deal when yon were in office, and mismanaged everything," interjected Mr. Stock; the good humored comment being —"I am Borry such action should be con tagions." The bonus, said Mr. Burgoyne judicially summing up, will help a few people at the expense of the many, and will enable them to keep down the price of milk. Speeches strongly in support of tot measure came in swift suocession from Messrs. Cock, McDonald, "?a Idtndseer. Then Mr. Flayford, who for expediency's sake supports a system to which he is strongly opposed, said it would be impossible for a small man to gat direct compensation, although he might do so through a co-opera tive factory. If the Treasurer said that any one with a cow could collect the bonus it was absurd and the sooner «he Bill was looked out the better. He believed if the boons were introduced that in three yean time it would act as a horrid example. The bonus should only be paid on butter which reached home in good condition, and that the samples ahotdd tie kept separate. The BUI w*a composed of the usual stock clauses. "Is that a joke? 1 asked Mr. Kingston, the reply being in the negative, although he agreed that the measure wasoareke&lydEafted.; "Tbepowergivenandsi the regaWtions covers everything," urged Mr. Stock, to whioh Mr. Piayford retorted that legislation by regulation was vary dangerous. Mr. Hague said tfas Bill was not necessary, &i; 233 tons of butter were exported last year. Mr. Miller aoonsed Mr. Galdwall of inoooais tency because be voted for die steel pipe boom in 1884. "Oh, don't rusmtuut aeven-year-old ghosts," protested Mr. Caldwell deprecating!?, "it iaa't fair." Mr. Seuerk was antagonistic because the price of butter would be increased and the best samples would be sent away. Sir Edwin Smith objected to the mearare, and Mr. Castine set iiimaiJf to work to pulverise his arguments. Me Cald well, as an alternative proposal, advised that the Government ahotdd purchase the SO torn of butter now likely to glut the market and send it hozre inwtnad. of so muoh interest due on loans. Mr. MsPhenon A~~i~i the measure with faint praise, and then Ml King?tnn imported some liveliness into the discussion, and was especially severe on the Attorney-General. Mr. Kingston opened his speech on the Bottei Bonos Bill in aha AsstmMy on Thm>day witfaa statement that he would give it a liberal and generous support, as it would make things hum, and heljTan industry native to the soil. Then •nould, however, be only one rate of bourn p?id, or else the inferior quality might get the butter price. He believed in tile principle of « Government brand. "That would make it Government butter,'1 objected Mr. Horn, 6c whioh Mr. King?tao replied, •• It will, almost," and Sir John Downer added, "It it Govern ment butter." "Yes," acquiesced Mr. King ston, "and well nas Government butter for greasing the wheels of commerce." "The brand might be melted off in the tropics," suggested Mr. Ash. Holding np a copy of the meabure on which some one had been exer aaing his artistic skill. Me. Kingston said the House had reason to complain of the whole treatment of tile BUI by the Goramment " Those drawings are not in the original BUT," objected Or. Cockbum, while Mr. Kingston said, "They are the only things to reoommand it," adding, "Ipfyy the Premier and metaphori cally fall on bis neck and weep for him, drowning him with tears. lam sorry for him and bis <Mtan"*LtMHW.'' "We all are, 0 agreed Mr. Howe. Mr. Kingston proceeded that be " did not dual in butter, except politic ally." "Ton give us butter in a lordly dish" commented Dr. Cockboat, with a sot alto- gether appropriate of Scripture. "Why was the Bill not introduced before r demanded the member for Was* Artrf^Vi^ "seeing that a third of the batter season had gone. Why is thin thus? I pause fen a reply —and don't get it I don't, expect to get it In the case of this Government, Uemedis be who expecteth p«*Tfiwg, for be will not be disappointed. The Bill and all connected with it form a oomedy of errors. If this is a matter of importanoa, why was the Bill not introduced before? Even the notice for leave to introduce it was inform*!. I suppose the Vernier will sake all ***** n&ponsibiluy; on bis shoulders." "I should be sorry to bave yon on my shoulders" said Mr. Holder, while Mr. Howe said—"You'd rather have him to lean on,eh T "It was generally recognised that the law officers of the Crown should prepare Bills and notices," continued Mr. Kingston, withaghnoeat Mr. Stock, who was making violent pretensions of being asleep, "if the ordinary courtesy had been ex tended to me it would have been all right last week," complained Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston went on—On Tuesday die Government were in a precious hurry, and there was a desire to suspend the -'•""ling orders because the country was waiting and die butter melting. "Had it not bean for the noble political determination of Mr. Ash, who, like Horatins. kept the bridge, the Bill would have been rushed through on Tuesday," said Mr. Kingston; "but after the dinner adjourn ment the Premier did not consider the matter so urgent I came down in a burning hurry— 'To stonewall, 9 chipped in Mr. Stock—but where was the motion to suspend the standing orders!" "The Legislative Council is not eittdng," CTplanwd Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston cried with «imnl«.t??a } n ilSg"?ti"P J "It is too bad!" "Yes, you look very sorry," interjected Mr. Ooben, while Mr. Kingston cruelly proceeded—"l am very sorry, and when I look at the Attorney-General X sorrow as one without hope. I faav<> bad to stand him for three months." 'Til have three months at you soon," called the Attorney-Genera!, with vioious anticipation. "Well, the sooner the better." agreed Mr. Kingston, "but seven years' hard work would not do justioe to the political incapacity of the Attorney-General, who was always scratching notes on the back of Bills, but the House-never aaw any result How necessary it was to em ploy outside assistance to prepare a magnifi cent Bill like this. The law officers ot the Grown should do some of this work, but he searched in vain for Mr. Stock's name on a Bill. The Attorney-General said an intelli gent layman could draw abort and simple Bills, but that offioer had apparently not been captured. Of five clauses, three were wrong, and all required amendment I am sorry,'* continued Mr. Kingston, with a glance at Mr. Gilleo. "thai the /i™.™^™— Cr?ra Lands dene not treat the matter with becoming gravity." "Oh, I can't take yon seriously," ?id Mr. GOlen, with a laugh. " Well," went M Mr. Kingston, "I am glad to see the air of solemn melancholy testing on the Attorney- General." " Oh," ooneoted Mr. Stook, "I am nearly asleep. I never heard such foolery in my life." At this Mr. Kingston, manure the Gaming Act, offered to bet bi? bottom dollar that Sir. Stock was never less asleep in his life. Turning from personal to technical criticism Mr. Kingston asked — "What is a foreign port* Ah," he said, "the Chief Secretary rubs his manly brow, and a fortnight henoe he will move the sus pension of the standing orders to give ns the result. Well, as the Ministry won't answer me Til turn to Mr. Castine." "Oh," answered that gentleman airily, they have only omitted a definition clause, that's all. They can provide for it in the regulations." "They can do nothing of the sort," continued Air. Kingston, "and the objection of The Adrcrtitcr is well grounded." "Do you say London is not a foreign port?" demanded Mr. Stock, to which the response was "If so, Melbourne, Sydney, and Broken Hill are also." The crux of the matter, concluded Mr. Kingston, was the matter of appropria tion, which was not mentioned. Therefore be did well to be angry. An interjection caused him to say that the Language of Acts Act, like the flowera that bloom in the spring, had nothing to do with the case. "ItU as foreign as good manners to you" was the parting shot of Mr. Stock, whose casrigation was very heartily enjoyed by Mr. Honiburg, who bubbled over laughter with laughter during its whole course. When Mr. Kingston had spoken for 36 ninutes on the Bonus Bill Sir John Downer supported the measure on condition that all the exported butter should carry the same bonus, and then Mr. Ash calling for a division the second reading was carried by 20 votes to t, the antagonistic) quartet being Messrs. Ash, Horn, Moule, and Solomon. Mr. Oat? lad been occupying the place of the Speaker, in consequence oC the illness of that gentle man, and when the House went int? committee Mr. Kingston for a time officiated as Chairman. Directly the first alauae was called on, which was at twenty-two minutes past 5, Mr. Moale called attention to l Ministerial promise that the Mining Bill would be taken that day, but Mr. Holder said the speech of the Commissioner of Public Works in moving- the second reading of that measure wuuld only .oooapy half an hour, and he wished to get through the Bonos Bill first. The committee cheered, and members went to wirk with a will, with a result that the ehort title wa? made really short It was provided that the bonus would only be paid on butter cold outside the Australasian colonies, and one nniform rate of 21. per lb. was fixed. Just, before 6 o'clock Mr." Moule and Mr. Grainger again called for the Mining Bill, and Mr. Hack interjected, "Finish this or else sit late." Mr. Kingston, however, agreed to release the Premier from this pro mise, and Mr. Moule after a while showed equal magnanimity, and the remaining clauses aud tome additions were taken pro forma Mr. Catt reported to himself, and the considera tion of the report was fixed for Tuesday. At tiuot) minutes put 8 Mr. Handyside, greeted with cheers —half earnest and half bantering— rose to move die second reading of the long aeked-for Mining Bill, but he kept on the out skirts of his subject only. An amusing episode of a eomewhat <JMI half hour was an interjec tion from the Treasury benches by Mr. Gray- Bon, who was promptly called to order by Mr. Cohen In the course of his remarks Mr. Handy side expressed the opinion that Adelaide was not the proper place for the School of Mines. " Have you ever been there t " enquired Mr. Moule, while Mr. Kingston put the query— "Where would you pat it? At the McDonnell Ranges?" Mr. Handyside thought M'«nta was the proper place, and that the city institution should be called the School of Arts. "And now," said Mr. Handyeide, when he had been on his feet for more than a quarter of an hour, " Fm going into the Bill" " What Bill is it?" asked Mr. Kingston, and the House laughed, for np till that time the Commissioner of Pnblio Works had not got anywhere near his subject. Three minutes before the dinner adjournment he aaked leave to oontinue the debate at a future time, but Mr. Moule objected, and suggested that the sessional order should be susDendtd bo that the speech could be concluded then, offering to move in that direction himself. "Too are not the leader of the House" said Mr. Roonsevell severely, while the Premier explained that Mr. Handyside would take at least another half hour, and the House would not like to sit that late. Here there were affirmative cheers. "On a point of order," enqqired Mr. Grainger satirically, "will yon direct the Commissioner of Public Works to deal with the Bill next time T" Then at 629 p.m. the House rose until Tuesday. The Hon. J. H. Angas has asked ns to mention that on Wednesday afternoon he had occasion to leave the Legislative Council chamber {n order to meet a gentleman who called to see him. On returning the division belt had just rung, and before he could ascer tain die true position of affairs, there being a difference of opinion amongst members, the doors were locked, henoe tie difficulty as to his voting. A commission has been iesned to his Honor the Coref Justice authorising him to hold a Circuit Court at Gladstone on November 15, and at Port Augusta on November 17. By proclamation published in this week's GoimuiuMt Gazette hip Excellency thar Go Tenor has declared the underground cellar of the General Post-office, Adelaide, as a place where quarantine Ehall be perfonred with re tppct to letters and postal paokets landed from any vessel liable to quarantine. It is further ordered that all mailbags so arriving ohall be properly aired and fumigated. A Local Court of full and limited jurisdic tion has been established at Benmark. Loans of £76 10a. and £35 have been granted under the Vermin-Proof Fencing Act by the Sovwnor in Council to the District Conncil of Port Lincoln. When giving judgment in the Local Court on Thursday in a case of breach of contract hi« Honor Mr. Jtutioe Bnndey made some farther remarks as to judicLd note-taking which will in the fntnre be frequently cited by advocates, of reform in the legal procedure of our courts of justice. Referring to the notes taken by jndges at trials he said that the copious nature of these often led to the time occupied in the hearing of oases being greatly lengthened. The presiding judge took notes at his own discretion, and he held it was his duty to take down the evidence himself. If either of the parties in a case wished evidenoe taken down the clerk of court could be directed by the jndge to take notes of the proceedings. The notes of a judge belonged to himself alone. HU honor further referred to the great outcry, not only in all the Australian colonies, but alt over the British Empire, against tie lengthened trial* in courts of justice. The report of the jndges on judicial reforms set oat "that commercial men prefer the rough and ready justice administered by trade arbitrators to ihe slow, exaeperatingly dignified, and on certain method* of the Royal courts." Speak ing for himself and for his colleagues, he would endeavor so far as Uy in his power to record nothing which was not evidence and so tend to shorten trials. Some leading members of the bar throughout the English speaking world set the example of lengthened Gross-examinations which pro tracted the cases in which they were engaged; but for bis own part he would do his utmost to bring trials within reasonable time limits con sistent with die proper administration of justice. The Bey. Francis E. dark. D D., the founder and president of the Christian endeavor movement, arrived by the Melbourne ex press train on Thursday morning in order to take part in the meetings which are bow being held at the Town Hall in connection with the movement is South Aus tralia Dr. Clark arrived in Sydney from the United States on September 20, having left Boston on Anguat 4 in company witb bis wife. On arriving at Auckland, New Zealand, a meeting f*as held, and notwithstanding the thort notice it was very largely •ttondnrl. In Sydney Mr. Clark stopped a week, when several very successful meetings were conducted. He next proceeded to Mel boure, where he received a very warm welcome. On his way from Melbourne to Adelaide he stopped at Ballarat, which he left on Wednes day evening. The rev. gentleman was met at the Adelaide station by a number of promi nent ministers of religion and was accorded a hearty welcome. Later in the day Dr. Clark was publicly welcomed. At the Marine Board meeting on Thursday Warden Phillips took occasion to protest aeainst an indignity to which the board con sidered they are often subjected in that the recommendations of that body are frequently overridden by the Engineer-in- Cbief. He asked whether their policy was to be directed from the Eogineer-in- Chiefs Department or from their own table. He did not think that the board was treated properly. Much that they suggested was taken op by tha Engineer-in- Chief and cold water thrown upon it. It was of no use for the board to be a representative one if they were to sit down and be overridden in that -way. He asked that the secretary should be instructed to call the Treasurer's attention to the constitution of the board, as it waa time they asserted them selves or resigned. Warden Hobbs supported the suggestion, and it was unanimously re solved that a protest should be forwarded to the Treasurer. The Collector of Customs received a tele gram on Thursday from the cob collector at Port Pirie stating thai 100 Ik, tobacco and 23 lb. cigars had been seized on board the ship Don at that place. The acting headkeeper of the explosives magazine at Port Adelaide has reported to the Marine Board that a person whose name waa unknown was seen by the watdhman to enter one of the hulks at night a few days ago. An inspection of the vessel had been made, but is itdid not appear thatany attemptihad been made to extract any of the dynamite from die store it was presmmed that the stranger went to seek shelter from the rain which was falling at the time he was seen to go on board. In order to prevent the repetition of such a deed the Marine Board have had all the means of access to the hulk barricaded with galvanized iron co that it will be impossible for any unauthorised person to get on board without forcibly effect ing an entrance. The headkeeper reported that the stocks on October 1 amounted to IG6£ tons, being a slight diminution einoe last report. The shore magasine contained 36{ tons powder and the two hulks between them 129$ tons of other explosive compounds. Some weeks back the Bteamer Chemnitz arrived from Hamburg with dynamite on board, and as is customary in such cases the explosive was transferred to a lighter and a test of its purity made. The fee for testing the explosives was 30a., but thu amount the agents for the vessel (Mean. G. Wills & Co.) declined to pay, and appealed to the Marine Board for the amount to be re mitted. This the board refused to do, and further gave instructions that in the event of the agents continuing in their refusal they should be informed that the payment of the charge could be avoided if the vessel discharged at the Semaphore instead of coming np to the wharf as the Chemnitz did. It was mentioned incidentally that? the Board of Trade in England pursued a similar conrse, and that re cently a quantity of explosives which would have failed to pass the Board of Trade exami nation was transhipped to a steamer bound to Australia out in the English Channel, and this was done, it is supposed, to avoid the penalties enforced by the Bjird of Trade. A supplementary detiiled list of import duties levied in South Australia has been issued by the Collector of Customs. The document has been compiled with a view to th« interpretation of t"ie tariff, and it embraces all the latest revisions. A curious difficulty has arisen with regard to the ferry eteps at Port Adelaide. In the past these were voder the direction of the Marine Board, and by them were leased to the ferry proprietors. The Munioipal Corporations Act recently pasted has vested the control of all street ends in the corporation, who are entitled to let them as wharfs. Aa the ferry steps are situated in the hear* of the Port a considerable revenue would be derived by the corporation from them if they could gain poseeetiiun and let them aa wharfs. Tht- Port Corporation shaving satisfied .themselves that they had a legal right to the pmpertit-t in question made' a demand that the Marint- Board should renounce their profitable control over the steps and transfer them to the cor poration. The Marine Board having obtained advioe which assured them that the corporation had a right under the new Aot to claim the ferry steps recommended the Treasurer to dedicate them to the pnblio and then transfer them to the corporation, butthi? the Treasurer declined to do and the matter, as far as the authority of the Marine Board was concerned, waa ended. At the meeting of the corporation on Thursday the mayor called attention to a letter from the Marine Board conveying the Treasurer's decision, and asked the council to more fnrthsr in the matter. He said they had already established their ownership over the end of the street where the ett-p \--were situated, and he thought the best way for them to proceed would be to request the Marine Board to remove the ferry steps which caused an obstruction on their property. That would bring the matter to an issue. If the corporation obtained control over the ferry steps they ooold be rebuilt, co thmt without causing any inconvenience to the travelling public they would be able to use the street ends in other ways. Later on in the evening it was decided to ask the Marine Board to act in the manner suggested. At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corpo ration on Thursday evening the mayor inti mated that Councillor Wright bad presented the eonnoil with a drawing of the old Govern ment schooner Yatala, which had formerly been used in the same service for the Marine Board aa the steamer Governor Musgrave now filled. The schooner was built about 1848 or 1849. The drawing was the production of a local artist, and was in a good state of preservation. He also mentioned that Councillor Hams had forwarded the picture be promised to give to the council Councillor tiigrist moved that Councillors Wright and Hams be thanked for their gifts, and this Councillor Blair seconded, as CotmctUor Wright had valued his picture very highly, and money woold not have bought it from him. The motion was aarried. Councillor Wright said that the drawing had been pro nounced a good representation of the old Go vernment schooner. It was commenced by a noted character named Tom Soot?, to the design of a man named Swansberg, who sub sequently finished building' her. She was the special toy of the old harbormaster. Captain Lipson, and could be pitted with success against any vessel of similar rig in the colonies. She remained in the South Aus tralia service until the Northern Territory was opened up, when she was sent there and kept at work until she was wrecked. The Town Clerk announced at die meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation on Thursday that, by efHiudon of time, Councillors Blair, Rofe. Grose, Parker, Hams, and Sigrist would retire from office on November 24. On the motion of Councillor Morris the same day was appointed for the receipt of nominations to 611 tile vacancies, and by an independent motion ConnciUor Morris was chosen to act as retum ing-officer. Warden Phillips, wishing to compare the coat of erecting and maintaining the lighthouse servioa jn the three leading Australian colonies, recently asked at a meeting of the Marine Board for a return giving fall par ticulars on this point. With reference to the matter the Marine Board of New South Wales reported that the light does m that colony were 4d. per ton half-yearly. There was also a pilotage rate of 4d. per ton for every ship on arriving and departing from any port in the colony, but exemption from pilotage could be obtained by an officer who had been three times in and ont as a watohkeeper on panning the necessary examination. They also stated that the total amount expended on the erection of all lighthouses, lightships, buoys, and beacons in that colony was about £213,000, and that the annnal cost of maintenance in connection with them was £9.616. In Victoria no special light dues are charged, as the t2nnagedo.ee are intended to oover lighting expenditure. Tonnage dues at the rate of 6d. per ton are cflarged on all chips arriving in •nyporttn Victoria; provided that no ship shall pay the duty more than onoe in any six months. The cost of erecting the structures was as follows: — Lighthouses and lightships, £159,306; minor lights, £1,590; buoys and moorings, £11,452; buoys and light house steamer, £22,000; total, £224,348. The cost of maintenance was as foUotra:—Light houses and lightships. £12,700; minor lights, £1,560 ; repairs, £11,500; buoys and moorings, £1.200; buoys and lighthouse steamer, £4,200; total, £2U I.(K>. The oost of the lighthouses in cluded Victoria's share towards certain lights established on the coast of Tasmania and islands in Bias's Straits. South Australia occupied a position midway between the above mentioned colonies. The oast of providing the light service in this colony was approxi mately £153,790; and the annual expenditure about £17,511. The information supplied not being quite complete the consideration of the subject was deferred, pending the collection of additional information. The annnal meeting of the Adelaide Circu lating Library was held at the library. North terrace, on Thursday, when Arohdeacon Farr occupied the chair. The committee's repur* showed that the nuo.ber of subscribers during the year ended June 30 bad been 055, and that 524 new works bad been added to the library, besides which there had been 207 replacements of worn-out, lost, or damaged books, or extra copies bought of those in demand, and 106 volumes of periodicals had been bound, making a total of 837. The Dumber of volumes in the library was at present 18,251. As an indica tion of the growing preference for literature in serial form the committee cited the fact that although the circulation of bound volumes had remained nearly stationary during the last seven years, being now only 4 per cent greater than in 1885, that of periodicals has increased by fully 30 per cent This was do doubt doe to the steady improvement in the periodicals themselves, and the more solid attractions which they offered. Additional spaoe kindly granted by the board of the Publio Library had been used for the recep tion of books which were not in frequent de mand, and this afforded some relief to the crowded etate of the shelves. The balance sheet showed that the amount received for_ subscriptions and entrance fees during the year had been £6G9 IS*. 2d, which, witb the Government grant of £700 o*. 61, made the total receipts £1,369 l&j.; 8& The amount expended in the purcnase of new books and periodicals had been £413 ob. 8-1., replacements and repairs being eetimatedat £76 12s. Bd. The earn of £10 17s. 3d. had been received as an equiva'ent for loss of and damage to periodicals. The cash in bank amounted to £1,069 12s. 3d. and the renewal fund to £1,090 4s. 4d. The report and balanoe bheet having been <ynrio<l, Wednesday, October 19. was appointed as the date for the election of the new committee. Mr. C. T. Hargrave was re-elected as representative on the board of the Public Library, Art Gallery, and Museum. Messrs. B- S. Benhani and G. W. D. JJereeford having been reappointed auditors for the ensuing; year the meeting ter minated. The committee of the Convalescent Hospital, St. Maigaret'e, Semaphore, met at ihe institu tion on Tuesday, when there were present Dr. Wylde (chairman), Merdames Hartley, G. A. Connor, R. E. J. Warburton, and E. Uarrold, Messrs. E M Ashwin, G. W. Havkes, aud the secretary. Accounts amounting to £72 Hi. Bd. were pat-std for payment. After the com pletion of ordinary business the committee inspected the building aud decided on various improvements. The following gilts were gratefully acknowledged :—Books and scrap books from Mr. J. Vardou and Mr* Sclirier, papers and magazines from Miss Curtie, Dr. Wylde, Mr. Deuton, and "Amy," ease of orangey >rom Mrs E O'Halloran, and milk from Mrs. Jamcu Mcl lor. Gifts to the Samaritan fund—£l from Mrs. DavieeThomae, and clothing from Mb E Harr.ild. Admix eions for the mouth, 72; discharges for the month, (16. The monthly meeting of thn committee of management of the Children's Home, Walker ville, was held cm Tuesday at the vestry, St. Andrew**, WaikerviUe, theie i?-ing pnwent— Yen. Archdeacon 1) jvc (president). Mvsdames Dove, G. W. Hawkre, Tower, Barker, Tt-rrtU, Dougal Smith, Williams, Cawley, Wilson, Miss Spnner, and the him. treasurer. Several application- for the admiwinn of children to the hnuiH were reoeired. aud referred to a sub committee for enquiry and report. The admiesiun of a little boy during the interim was reported by the Eub-committee, who had satisfied themselves as to the boua-fid«> of the case. The hon. treasurer re ported that Dr. EL Hayes Norman had intimated bis willingness to act as honorary dental surgeon to the institution, and it was resolved that Dr. Normad'a very gene rous and kind offer be cordially and gratelully accepted. The matron (Miss Cossuis) reported that all the children in the home were in good health, and forwarded the following list of gifts and donors during September:—Pro visions—Meedames Lloyd, Hinde, Howard, Bright, Marchaot, T. S Horn, Hersey. C. B. Young, W. D. Scott, and Mhs Thompson, and Messrs. W. D. Taylor and Rxedman. Furni ture —Meadames Ebbs and Lori. Clothing— Mrs- S. Harvey and Misa Sanders. The hon treapurnr reported receipts during September, £15 9s. lid. Accounts representing total liabilities of the home to date amounting to £24 Is. 2tl. were passed for payment. The monthly meeting of the Wattle Blossom League was held at Beach's Dining rooms on Thursday evening. There was a fair attendance, and Mrs. Fred Beaoh presided. Miss Spence gave a lecture cm "Woman's suffrage and effective voting," which wa" highly appreciated. At the close the usual fewt of voting was put into effect, and a hearty vote of thanks given to Mies Spence. The monthly meeting of the Sf. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage sad Catholic Refuse com mittee wan held on Wednesday evening in St. Franci? Xavier's HalL DnriDg the month £38 12i was received for the orphanage, including the following donations:—"Northern Bene factor," £20; S.A. Jockey Club, £5; Mr. Blumsden, £5; "Anonymons." £L The ex penses were £4016e. 4ftd. The receipts for the n>fugp amounted to £7617s 3d. The expenses were £6810s. Sd. There are 27 adults and 7 infants in the refuge. At about a quarter past 4 o'clock on Thurs day afternoon Mrs. Mary Havward, aged 75 ypare, while Bitting on thn bank of tbeTorrens Lake, near the Morphett-street-bridge, acci dentally clipped into the water. Mr. Frank Jolly, boatman, hearing the eoreatPs of the woman, ran to her assistance and sneoeedpd in getting her ashore. He then cent for Water Police-Constable Luras, who conveyed Mrs. Hayward in a cab to the houce of her son in law, Mr. Charles Aneell, at Bowden. The Commissioner of Crown Lands for the convenience of applicants from the Vorke's Peninsula, northern, and central areas for lands in the viainity of FowJor'a Bay has in otmcted the land board for that district to bold a meeting in the deputation-room of the Public Works Office, Adelaide, on the 17th inst. A conwpoDdent has a?knd ns to draw atten tion to the importance of the varions tramway companies making nrovfoion for the large amount of extra traffic, especially in the even ings, during the visit of tb« Rnv Dr. Clark in connection with the CSrirtian Endeavor meetings to be held in the city and suburbs during die few days ensninc " Passengnrs to the eastern suburbs e?p~cially." writen our correspondent, "often suffer great inconve nience from the want of sufficient accommoda tion whm anything extra is tnnng on in the city in the way of evening meetings." Wo have been requested to call attention to thn advertisement as to Mr. Joseph Symes's lec tures. The monthly meeting of the Adelaide W.C.TtT. will be held at the Rechabite Hall this afternoon. A special meeting of thn Norwood Boating Club will be held at the Plough end Harrow Hotel this evening. The monthly business meeting of the Scandinavian Club will bs held at Whaun's Hotel, Port Adelaide, this evening. An exhibition of art work and presentation of prizes in connection with thn Port Adelaide School of Design will be held this evening. A fancy and eVHning dress ball, under the patronage and in th? premnoe of the Conntt-ss or Kintore, will be held at the Norwood Town Hall this evening. Professor W. H. Braes, M.A., wfll lecture before thn Chalmers Church L<t*>rary As Bociation this evening on ''Capillarity," il lustrated by experiments. 