CHAPTER VIII. The symptons of anxiety and alarm affected Edith's own spirits ; they did more,—they shook her faith in the justice of her kinsman's conclusions. His arguments in relation to the road were, indeed, unanswerable ; and Telie had offered none to weaken them. Yet why should she betray such distress, if they were upon the right one ? and why, in fact, should she not be supposed to know both the right and the wrong, since she had, as she said, frequently travelled both ? These questions Edith could not refrain ask- ing of Roland, who professed himself unable to answer them, unless by supposing the girl had become confused, as he thought was not im- probable, or had, in reality, been so long absent from the forest, as to have forgotten its paths altogether ; which was likely enough, as she seemed a very simple-minded, inexperienced creature. " But why need we," he said, " trouble ourselves to find reasons for the poor girl's opposition ? Here are the tracks of our friends, broader and deeper than ever ; here they wind down into the hollow ; and there you may see where they have floundered through that vile pool, that is still turbid, where they crossed it. A horrible quagmire ! But courage, my fair cousin ; it is only such difficulties as these which the road can lead us into." Such were the expressions with which the young soldier endeavoured to reassure his kins- woman's courage, her own confidence remaining still unmoved ; although, in secret, he felt somewhat surprised at the coincidence between the girl's recommendations of the bye-road and the injunctions of his morning dream. But while pondering over the wonder, he had arrived at the quagmire alluded to, through which the difficulties of conducting his cousin were sufficiently great to banish other matters for a moment from his mind. Having crossed it at last in safety, he paused to give such in- structions or assistance as might be needed by his two followers ; when Edith, who had halted at his side, suddenly laid her hand on his arm, and exclaimed, with a visage of terror,— " Hark, Roland ! do you hear ? What is that ?" " Heard him, massa !" ejaculated Emperor, from the middle of the bog, with voice still more quavering than the maiden's, and lips rapidly changing from Spanish-brown to clayey-yellow ; " heard him, massa ! Reckon it's an Injun ! lorra massy !" " Peace, fool," cried Forrester, bending his looks from the alarmed countenance of his kins- woman, to the quarter whence had proceeded the sound which had so suddenly struck terror info her bosom. " Hark, Roland ! it rises again !" she ex- claimed ; and Roland now distinctly heard a sound, in the depth of the forest, to the right hand, as of the yell of a human being, but at a great distance off. At the place which they had reached, the canes and undergrowth of other kinds had disappeared ; and a wide glade, stretching over hill and hollow, swept away from both sides of the road, further than the eye could see. The trees, standing wider apart than usual, were, if possible, of a more majestic stature ; their wide and massive tops were so thickly interlaced, that not a single sunbeam found its way among the gloomy arcades below. A wilder, more solitary, and more awe-inspir- ing spot Roland had not before seen ; and it was peculiarly fitted to add double effect to sights and sounds of a melancholy or fearful character. Accord- ingly, when the cry was repeated, as it soon was, though at the same distance as before, it came echoeing among the hollow arches of the woods, with a wild and almost unearthly cadence, the utterance, as it seemed, of mortal agony and despair, that breathed a secret horror through the breasts of all. " It is the Jibbenainosay !" muttered the shivering Telie ; " these are the woods he used to range in most ; and they say he screams after his prey ! It is not too late—let us go back !" " An Injun, maasa !" said the Emperor, stuttering with fright, and yet proceeding to handle his arms, and to give encouragement to his young mistress, which his age and privileged character, as well as the urgency of the occasion, entitled him to do ; " don't be afraid missie Edie ; nebber mind ; ole Em- peror will fight and die for missie, old massa John's daughter !" " Hist !" said Roland, as another scream rose on the air, louder and more thrilling than before. " It is the cry of a human being !" said Edith, " of a man in distress !" " It is, indeed," replied the soldier—" of a man in great peril, or suffering. Remain here on the road ; and if anything—Nay, if you will follow me, it may be better ; but let it be at a distance. If anything happens to me, set spurs to your horses ; Telie can at least lead you back to the fort." With these words, and without waiting to hear the remonstrances, or remove the terrors, of his companions, the young man turned his horse in the wood, and, guided by the cries, which were almost incessant, soon found him- self in the vicinity of the place from which they proceeded. It was a thick growth of beeches, of the colossal growth of the west, their stems as tall and straight as the pines of the Alleghanies, and their boughs, arched and pendulous like those of the elm, almost sweeping the earth below, over which they cast shadows so dark that scarce anything was visible beneath them, save their hoary and spectral trunk. As Roland, followed by the little party, ap- proached this spot, the cries of the unknown, and as yet uuseen, sufferer, fearful even at a distance, grew into the wildest shrieks of fear, mingled with groans, howls, broken prayers and execrations, and half-inarticulate expres- sions, now of foudling entreaty, now of fierce and frantic command, that seemed addressed to a second person hard by. A thousand strange and appalling conceits had crept into Roland's mind, when he first heard the cries. One while he almost fancied he had stumbled upon a gang of savages, who were torturing a prisoner to death ; another moment, he thought the yells must proceed from some unlucky hunter, perishing by inches in the grasp of a wild beast, perhaps a bear or panther, with which animals it was easy to be- lieve the forest might abound. With such horrible fancies oppressing his mind, his sur- prise may be imagined, when, having locked his rifle and thrown open his holsters, to be pre- pared for the worst, he rushed into the grove, and beheld a spectacle no more formidable than was presented by a single individual,—a man in a shaggy blanket coat,—sitting on horseback under one of the most venerable of the beeches, and uttering those diabolical outcries that had alarmed the party, for no imaginable purpose, as Roland was at first inclined to suspect, unless for his own private diversion. A second look, however, convinced the soldier that the wretched being had sufficient cause for his clamour ; being in truth, in a situation almost as dreadful as any Roland had imagined. His arms were pinioned behind his back, and his neck secured in a halter (taken, as it appeared, from his steed), by which he was fastened to a large bough immediately above his head, with nothing betwixt him and death, save the the horse on which he sat,—a young and terrified beast, at whose slightest start or motion, he must have swung off and perished, while he possessed no means of re- straining the animal whatever, except such as lay is strength of leg and virtue of voice. In this terrible situation, it was plain, he had remained for a considerable period, his clothes and hair (for his hat had fallen to the ground) being saturated with rain ; while his face, purple with blood, his eyes swollen and pro- truding from their orbits, with a most ghastly look of agony and fear, showed how often the uneasiness of his horse, round whose body his legs were wrapped with the convulsive energy of despair, had brought him to the very verge of strangulation. The yells of mortal terror, for such they had been, with which he had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, as soon as he beheld help approach in the person of the astonished soldier. " Praised be the Etarnal !" he roared ; " cut me loose, strannger !—Praised be the Etarnal, and this here dumb beast ?—Cut me loose strannger, for the love of God !" Such was Roland's intention ; for which pur- pose he had already clapped his hand on his sabre, to employ it in service more humane than any it had previously known ; when un- fortunately, the voice of the fellow did what his distorted countenance had failed to do, and re- vealed to Roland's indignant eyes the author of all his present difficulties, the thief of the pin- fold, the robber of Brown Briareus—in a word, the redoubtable Captain Ralph Stackpole. In a moment, Roland understood the mystery which he had been before too excited to inquire into. He remembered the hints of Bruce ; and he had learned enough of border customs and principles, to perceive that the justice of the woods had at last overtaken the horse-thief. The pursuing party had captured him—taken him in the very manner, while still in possession of the " two-year-old pony," and at once adjudged him to the penalty prescribed by the border code—tied his arms, noosed him with the halter of the stolen horse, and left him to swing, as soon as the animal should be tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful poetical justice in thus making the stolen horse the thief's executioner ; it gave the animal itself opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs received, and at the same time allowed his captor the rare privilege of galloping on his back into eternity. Such was the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settle- ments ; such was the way in which Stackpole had been reduced to his unenviable situation ; and that all passers-by might take note that the execution had not been done without authority, there were painted upon the smooth white bark of the tree, in large black letters, traced by a finger well charged with moistened gun-powder, the ominous name—Judge Lynch—the Rhada- manthus of the forest, whose decisions are yet respected in the land, and whose authority sometimes bids fair to supersede that of all erring human tribunals. Thus tied up, his rifle, knife and ammunition laid under a tree hard by, that he might have the satisfaction, if satisfaction it could be, of knowing they were in safety, the executioners had left him to his fate, and ridden away, long since, to attend to other important affairs of the colony. The moment that Roland understood in whose service he was drawing his sword, a change came over the spirit of his thoughts and feelings ; and he returned it very composedly to its sheath—much to the satisfaction of the negro, Emperor, who, recognising the unfor- tunate Ralph, at the same instant, cried aloud, " 'Top massa ! 't ar Captain Stackpole, what stole Brown Briery ! Reckon I'll touch the pony on the rib, hah ! Hanging too good for him, white niggah t'ief, hah !" With that, the incensed negro made as if he would have driven the pony from under the luckless Ralph, but was prevented by his master, who, taking a second survey of the spectacle, motioned to the horror-struck females to retire, and prepared himself to follow them. " 'Tarnal death to you, captain ! you won't leave me ?" cried Ralph, in terror. " Honor bright ! Help him that needs help—that's the role for a christian !" " Villain !" said Roland, sternly, " I have no help to give you. You are strung up according to the laws of the settlements, with which I have no desire to interfere, I am the last man you should ask for pity." " I don't ax your pity, 'tarnal death to me, I ax your help !" roared Ralph : " Cut me loose is the word, and then swa'r at me after ! I stole you hoss thar :—well, whar's the harm ? Didn't he fling me, and kick me, and bite me into the bargain, the cursed savage ? and arn't you got him ag'in as good as ever ? And besides, didn't that etarnal old Bruce fob me off with a beast good for nothing, and talk big to me besides ? and warn't that all fa'r provo- cation ? An didn't you yourself sw'ar ag'in shaking paws with me, and treat me as if I war no gentleman ? 'Tarnal death to me, cut me loose, or I'll haunt you, when I'm a ghost, I will, 'tarnal death to me !" " Cut him down, Roland, for heaven's sake !" said Edith, whom the surprise and terror of the spectacle at first rendered speechless : " you surely—no, Roland, you surely can't mean to leave him to perish ?" " Upon my soul," said the soldier, and we are sorry to record a speech, representing him in a light so unamiable, " I don't see what right I have to release him ; and I really have not the least inclination to do so. The rascal is the cause of all our difficulties ; and, if evil should happen as, he will be the cause of that too. But for him, we should be now safe with our party. And besides, as I said before, he is hanged according to Kentucky law ; a very good law, as far as it regards horse-thieves, for whom hanging is too light a punishment." " Nevertheless, release him, save the poor wretch's life," reiterated Edith, to whom Stack- pole, perceiving in her his only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and suppli- cations ; " the law is murderous, its makers and executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I charge you, I entreat you !" " He owes his life to your intercession," said the soldier; and, drawing his sabre again, but with no apparent good will, he divided the halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch was free. " Cut the tug, the buffalo-tug !" shouted the culprit, thrusting his arms as far from his back as he could, and displaying the thong of bison skin, which his struggles had almost buried in his flesh. A single touch of the steel, rewarded by such a yell of transport as was never before heard in those savage retreats, sufficed to sever the bond ; and, Stackpole, leaping on the earth, began to testify his joy in modes as novel as they were frantic. His first act was to fling his arms around the neck of his steed, which he hugged and kissed with the most rapturous affection, doubtless in requital of the docility it had shown when docility was so necessary to its rider's life ; his second, to leap half- a-dozen times into the air, feeling his neck all the time, and uttering the most singular and vociferous cries, as if to make double trial of the condition of his windpipe ; his third, to brawl aloud, directing the important question to the soldier, " How many days has it been since they hanged me ? War it to-day, or yes- terday, or the day before ? or war a whole year ago ? for may I be next hung to the horn of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech-tree, if I didn't feel as if I had been squeaking thar ever since the beginning of creation ! Cock-a-doodle doo ! him that ar'n't born to be hanged, won't be hanged, no how !" Then running to Edith, who sat watching his proceedings with silent amazement, he fluug himself on his knees, seized the hem of her riding-habit, which he kissed with the fervor of an adorer, exclaiming, with a vehement sincerity that made the whole action still more strangely ludicrous. " Oh ! you splen- diferous creatur' ! you angeliferous angel ! here am I, Ralph Stackpole the Screamer, that can whip all Kentucky, white, black, mixed, and Injun ; and I'm the man to go with you to the ends of the 'arth, to fight, die, work, beg, and steal hosses for you ! I am, and you may make a little dog of me : you may, or a niggur, or a hoss, or a door-post, or a dinner— 'tarnal death to me, but you may eat me ! I'm the man to feel a favor, partickelarly when it comes to helping me out of a halter ; and so jist say the word who shall I lick, to begin on, for I'm your slave jist as much as that niggur, to go with you, as I said before, to the ends of the 'arth, and the length of Kentucky over !" " Away with you, you scoundrel and jacka- napes," said Roland, for to this ardent expres- sion of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightened to reply. " Strannger !" cried the offended horse-thief, " you cut the tug, and you cut the halter ; and so, though you did it only on hard axing, I'd take as many hard words of you as you can pick out of a dictionary—I will 'tarnal death to me. But as for madam, thar, the angel, she saved my life, and I go to death in her sarvice ; and now's the time to show sarvice, for thar's danger abroad in the forest." " Danger !" echoed Roland, his anxiety banishing the disgust with which he was so much inclined to regard the worthy horse thief ; " what makes you say that ?" " Strannger," replied Ralph, with a length- ened vissage and a gravity somewhat sur- prising for him, " I seed the Jibbenainosay ! 'tarnal death to me but I seed him, as plain as ever I seed old Salt ! I war a-hanging thar, and squeaking and cussing, and talking soft nonsense to the pony, to keep him out of his tantrums, when what should I see but a great creatur' come tramping through the forest, right off yander by the fallen oak, with a big b'ar before him—— " " Pish !" said the soldier, " what has this to do with danger ?" " Beca'se and because,'' said Ralph," when you see the Jibbenainosay, thar's always ab- bergynes (aborigines) in the cover. I never seed the critter before, but I reckon it war he, for thar's nothing like him in natur'. And so I'm for cutting out of the forest jist on the track of a streak of lightning—now hy'yar now thar, but on a full run without stopping. And so, if anngeliferous madam is willing, thump me round the 'arth with a crab-apple, if I don't help her out of the bushes, and do all the fighting into the bargain—I will, 'tarnal death to me !" " You may go about your business, said Ronald, with as much sternness as contempt. " We will have none of your base company." " Whoop ! whoo, whoo, whoo ! don't rifle (to rifle—to ruffle) me, for I'm dangerous !" yelled the demi-barbarian, springing on his stolen horse, and riding up to Edith. " Say the word, marm," he cried, " for I'll fight for you, or run for you, take scalp or cut stick, shake fist or show leg, anything in reason or out of reason. Strannger, thar's as brash (brash —rash, headstrong, over-valiant) as a new hound in a b'ar fight, or a young hoss in a cornfield, and no safe friend in a forest. Say the word, marm, or if you think it ar'nt man- ners to speak to a stranger, jist shake your little finger, and I'll follow you like a dog, and do you a dog's sarvice. Or, if you don't like me, say the word, or shake t'other finger, and 'tarnal death to me, but I'll he off like an elk of the prairies !" " You may go," said Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpole's character and conversation ; " we have no occasion for year assistance." " Farewell !" said Ralph, and turning and giving his pony a thump with his fist and a kick with each heel, and uttering a shrill whoop, he darted away through the forest, and was soon out of sight. (To Be Continued.) 