PSYlIiiCAL OR I-UI'EKSATURAL l'HKNOMKN A. And t-i.o said. An old ui »ii Cometh up. — 1 Sainuti sr.viii. 14. Then said they, it is hisaugtl. - Acts xii. 15. There are more things in Leavs-u aad earth, Horatio, than are clmirnt of in j uur philosophy. —Hanilit. The exigence in all ages mid amongst Dearly ail peoples of a belief in the manifestation of powers hitherto uiiexnl tillable by liatuiiil laws may be faiily taken to be presumptive evidence that such powers Bare existed, and, indeed, io eliminate the iniluence of the supernatural in the paBt would necessitate die rewriting of the world's history. In spite of the, on the whole, antagonistic attitude of modern science and the rapid advance of civilization, there perhaps never was ar age when the belief in the supernatural was so universal and so firmly rooted. The early part of the century saw the old country in the throes of the Tractai-ian movement, the effects of which were by no means limited to the Anglican Church, but Bpread farand wide, andstirred to its depths the whole of the religious thought of the English-speaking people, and even now that we have before us the last words of tlie last contemporary — the late Dean Church—of those distinguished scholars and pietists who originated and developed this marvellous revival, we are still unable to fully sound its scope and bearing, or estimate its far- reaching results. To posterity we bequeath it. The century, however, had scarcely begun to wane ere the tocsin of a more universal and popular revival began to souud. Not now iii the green fields or on the lonely hillsides so dear to the gentlB Nazarene, nor within the sacred precincts of University walls, but in the open wayside, in the crowded thoroughfare, amidst the jostles and jeers and missiles of the crowd, from stentorian lungs aud hearts ablaze with earnest enthusiasm was shouted aloud, midst the shriek of trumpet and roar of drum, the divine message, "Pease on eartli and goodwill towards men." Whatever may be oar opinion as to ways and means, methods and systems, good has been done; let us then say nothing, but rather sit silent and think, "God moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform." That revivals do barm as well as good will not, we think, be disputed by any thoughtful observer. There are persons in whom religious or Indeed any strong excitement has a tendency to unhinge the mind, and it bas been, we think, justly observed by Hepworth Dixon in "Spiritual Wives" that most of the sects holding " peculiar" views, such as the Shakers, the Perfectionists, and others, have sprung up in the wake of some great religious revival. This, however, is no argument against revivals, especially those conducted with discretion as well as zeal, but simply shows that the great enemy of mankind is just as anxious as ever to have his finger in every pie. One of the general effects of intense religious movements is to draw the attention of all men towards religious and psychical phenomena of all kinds, whether true or fake, so that when the late Madam Blavatsky, the high priestess of theosophy, having got into bad odour in Madras, was invited by a few disciples to take refuge in England she could not have arrivld at a more propitious mojient. She was soon surrounded vrith a devoted band of adherents, some of whom had tried materialism and found it wanting. Others again were gathered from that ancient and wellknown sect whose head-quarters appear to have been at Athens, and who, we are told, spent their time " in nothing else but to tell or to hear some new thing." Whatever may have been the motives which influenced many of them, there can, we think, be no reasonable doubt that a considerable residue was influenced by a sincere and commeudable desire to give a more tangible expression to those vague longings and indefinite aspirations after a purer, more unselfish, aud more spiritual life which have haunted tho better part of mankind since the time when the morning stars In spite of ridicule aud Bang together, wjy™ - * - - - — »buse the new ^ligion-for^uchit may be called, wit prelfends to sapenede aU others—progressed, well supported by numberless aUeged miracles. J^eed. the bigb priests, according to Mr. A. P. Smnett, one of the leading theosoplusts, hved m a constant atoo- 6J)here of visible and invisible wonders, receiving continual instructions from the Mahatmas, who would sometimes condescend to precipitate a ^tcer ihe ceiluig of ber London.drawing-room and perform sundgr other M e marvek for the benefit of the elect. The Psychical Research Society, which was established for the purpose of collecting evidence with regard to all alleged supernatural and psychical phenomena, made &• careful investigation . , into many - - of these , - L marvels, and published^ ^portm which H. P.B. figured as a self-convicted fraud. Her disciples, however werenotcon- vinced, and the fame of ^herself! «d. her S r ^ r t ^ ^ became the President of_the Blavatsky m her disciples seems to have been supreme. They regarded her as the mouthpiece of the spiritual brotherhood known as the Mahatmas, and on their . . instructions ^ ,. and, commands thus received the theosophical scheme of philosophy or religion is i S l v based On I cursoryview it a n S to S' a sort of cros7 between Christianity and Buddhism, witha dasliof the Pythagorean doctrine of the transmigration of souls resusicated in a some- ^new-form and thrown in by the w f " Swedenborg that the spmtual world ,s all around us,^fhe^niritual Been at »re tirn^ when the spintua ©yes are opened, the estabiwn ment of the Society for PsycW Eeeearch, presided over by Prof^soi. S d- ^mck, of Cambridge, will be haded with considerable satisfaction. It is high time that scientific method, of investigation should be applied to the whole range of extraordinary phenomena, both mental and psychical or supernatural, which have hitherto been clouded in mystery, and by Some have been swallowed with a hasty attd foolish credulity, and by others have been ostentatiously rejected with an K u y S S n d ecornful smile. There fenosuiokewithout a fire. Tlie attitude of the superior ^ o n with regard to tlieso imittera is ^Sways amusini. His littleeSti™, narrow, and commonplace u T ^ fc^n JishirW liv anv- ^ h^ ^ l t i d S uung unubiwa. JL« UI & NRNRFISTHE gorei a o n fbr^? n rb^te?^rt^ guspei OL iuimu awx I fcim philosophy much vand nonsense religion or rf childish ^fgfs^to folly- He has never gazed into the vast illimitable abysses of tame and space. Eternity to him is but a name. He cannot say with the poet— " Deep into the darkness peering, long I Btood there wondering, fearing, Doubting; dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before. Speak not to him of the mysteries of life a»d death, nor of the great unseen nniverse around us. Speak rather with the Snole about tbe stars. To the sceptical pnd superficial materialist the establish- »nent of the Society above named may appear as a simple pandering to superstition, but by the earnest and thoughtful Sceptic or divine it will be perceived that St is fraught with great issues both to Bcience and religion, for if one genuine apparition of a deceased person can be proved by reliable and corroborated evidence, the vanguard of scepticism will be etermed and the bulwarks of Christianity strengthened. Surely this is an object worth working fur; on the other hunt}, il" every *i<>ry on careful investigation proves to 1>3 doubtf-jl, unieliuble, or false we arc still no worte w! thai! wo wvi'c before, But apart from those Uioi'fl Rerious issues there arc umny interesting phenomena the Society will bo able to lecord, and in time to report upon, such as the question of personality. Is t he Ego on3 or several ? Is thought transference without contact a fact i Is clairvoyance beyond a doubt ? If so is it a natural faculty latent in all, and which can be developed, and if so how 1 On the other hand is it merely au abnormal condition resulting from disease of all or some of the mental or spiritual faculties. If so does it cease on the patient regaining sound health of body and mind 1 Can it be exercised at will, or is it, so to speak, automatic 1 Premonitions, prophetic dreams, warnings, phantasms or doubles of the living, thought, or astral bodies, all these and many alleged phenomena will give the Society a very wide, aud we trust not unfruitful, field of investigation. We will now quote a few remarkable cases extracted fron the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews. Speaking of premonitions and second sight, p. 42, Mr. Stead relates three remarkable cases which he has himself experienced, all of which he spoke of freely at the time, aud could not account for by natura' causes, and - all of »hich subsequently < came true. He says, r 0u New Year's Day, 1880, it was forcibly impressed on my mind that I was to leave Darlington in the course of that year. I remember on: January 1 meeting a journalistic confrere on my way from Darlington Station to the Northern Echo Office. After wishing him JI happy New Tear" I said, " This is the last New Year's Day I shall ever spend in Darlington, I shall leave the Northern Echo this year." My friend looked at me in some amazement, and said, " And where are you going to T" " To "London, 1 ' I replied, " because it is the only place which could tempt me from my present position, which is very comfortable, and where I have perfect freedom to say my say." "But," said my friend, somewhat dubiously, "What paper are you going to?" "I have no idea iu the world," I said, " neither do I know a single London paper which would offer me a position on theirstafl ofanykind, letaloneone in which I would have any liberty of utterance. I see,-no prospect of any opening anywhere. But I know for certain that before the year is out I shall be on the staff of a London paper." Atter some further details he proceeds—"Midsummer had hardly passed before Mr. Thompson come down to Darlington and offered me the assistant editorship of the Pall Mall Oazette. As a result I left the Not them Echo in September, 1880, and my presentiment was fulfilled. At the time it was first impressed upon my mind no living being probably anticipated the possibility of such a change occurring in the Fall Mall Gazette as would render it possible for me to become assistant editor, so that the presentiment ct>u l d m no way have been due to any possible calculation of chances on my P^- The second presentiment was also connected with the Fall Mall ^fte and was equally clear and without stances." suggestion In October, from outward 1883, he circum- was spending a holiday in the Isle of Wight, and one day, walking round St. Catherine Point in the drizzling rain with' his wife, it occurred. He says -"Just as we were ac about the ugliest part of our clinib I felt distinctly as it were a voice within myself saying—' You will have to look sharp and make ready, because by a certain date (which as near as I can recollect was March 1<5 of next year) you will have sole charge of the Pall Mall Gazette.'" . . . As soon as I arrived at the Pall Mall Gazette Office I announced to Mr. Thompson, to Mr. Morley, and t<j Mr. Milner, who was then on the staff, exactly what had happened, namely, that I had received notice to be ready to take sole charge of the- P'.ill Mall Gazette by March 16 next. They drugged their shoulders, and Mr. Morley S& r remarked tj Mr. worsfc o£ ^ premonitions is that they P J hide up their prophecies untU y ^ ^ ^ ^ believed ^ October. I have told A w W i t c o n c e m s t o k l w. n i t ® ? ? i will never £ h ^ V F o m o^ o a s again, and chaff much as you please as fo tlie supei^tition. But if it turns up ^ P remember that I have played P doubles P or quits and won_ Q n February 24, 1881, Mr. John Morley, at that time Editor of the PaU Mall Gazette, was elected to Parliament as Liberal candate for Kewcastle-on- Tyne in lieu of Mr. Ashton Dilke. When he was elected the control of the paper passed almost ^ bandsat once." So the p reseJ imellt ^ fulfilled. The third F e ^ ™ a s a premonition which came s™ ^ Armstrong trial that beimprisonedfOTa^termof two ^ ^ ould be two months." After some urther remarks he continues :—" My If,v„l in rra nl was two months actual t " sojourn in gaol was two inontns ' seven days. These three presentiana rnents were quite unmistakable, and were ! ^ confounded with the the least t<ooie conioiunoeawiimiDue ordinaiy uneasy forebodings which come and go like clouds in a summer sky. j Let us next quote an instance of the appearance of the thought body, or , phantasm of the^ living, premising tnac ^ ^ i S T ^ n ^ ^ cL n d i s W611 known to many intimate friends of mine (Mr. Stead's) as a chapter. The narrative, verified by the Psychical Be- ^ s 0CT e^placJs beyond doubt the ^arcn f ^ ^ - m ce/ uin individuals ^ h open up an almost illimitable field ^ M B > ^ H r i ^ tit-^ne'sun^ s t . 01 T . m u r l e l . T - T7- ;]f. ' n,ght in November, 1881 I was in Kdda e Gardens when I willed thatl would visit in spirit two lady fnends. the Misses V, who were living three ^^s off, ^.Hogarth-road I wiUed that I should do this at 1 o'clock in the morning aud having ^ e d it I went to sleep. Next Thurs- ^y, when I first met my fnends, the elder lady told me she woke up and saw my apparition advancing to her bedside She screamed and woke her sister, who also saw . me.' (A signed statement hy both sisters accompanies this narra- . ^ ^ t i m e at 1 . that Mr. B. wore evening dress.) testimony ^ reguA in to folio ^ ^ 59 Lord is worth B= ougham< quoting. s He says :—" After I left tho High School I went with G., my most intimate friend, to attend classes at the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed many grave subjects ; amongst others, the immortality of the soul and a future state. This question and the possibility of the dead appearing to the Ifving were subjects of much speculation, ana we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died the first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death.' After we had finished our classes at the College G. went out to India, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after a few years I had nearly \- forgotten - 0 • his existence . . . One day I had taken a warm bath, and whilst Jyiucr in it and enjoying the comfort of the lioat 1 turned my houd round looking towards the chair on which 1 had deposited my clothcs, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat O., looking calmly at me. Iiow I got out of the bath I know not. but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it iras, that had taken the likeness of G. had disappeared. This vision had produced such a shock chat 1 had no inclination to talk about it or to speak about it even to Stewart, but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history, with the date, December 19, 1709, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. . . . I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G. must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state. . . . Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G.'s death, and stating that he died on December 19." This story is taken from the first volume of " Lord Brougham's Memoirs." W T e conclude with what is certainly one of the best ghost stories we have ever heard of. It is related by Mr. Stead (folio 87) as follows :—"During my Scottish visit I had the honour of being entertained at a dinner given at the City Liberal Club by my helpers iu Glasgow. There were fourteen of us altogether, Professor Lindsay being in the chair. After dinner I turned the conversations upon the subject of apparitions, and remarked that I did not think a dozen persons ever met without one of their number having seen a ghost. " Now who is there I asked, " who has seen a ghest here ?" Sitting opposite me at the table was Mr. David Dick, auctioneer, of 98, Sauchiehall-street, a young married man, about thirty-five, a member of the Glasgow Iluskin Society, and one of the earliest members of our Association of Helpers. He said—" I do not believe in ghosts, but I have seen one." . . . "Was it the ghost of a living or a dead person '?" " A ghost of a dead person." How long had it been dead 1" " Sis years." " Where did you see it f' " In Glasgow." " In the day or night'{" " At half-past 3 in the afternoon, in broad daylight." " But tell us how it occurred." "I had left the office in Sauchiehall-street at half-past 3 in the afternoon. I was going on an errand to St. Vincent-street, and had my mind full of my business. I went along Sauchiehall-street and entered Renfield-street, where the ghost joined me." " You knew it was a ghost ?jj "Perfectly." "How did you know it was a ghost ?" " Because 1 recognised it at once." "Did it speak to you ?" "It did." " What did it say to you T "That I cannot tell you; it spoke of a matter which was oidy known to myself." " You answered ?" "Yes, and continued to walk on, the ghost accompanying me exactly as if had been an ordinary person. We walked down Renfield-street together, talking. There was nothing in the appearance of the ghost to impress any one who met it that it was not a living man. It wore a black coat and a flat felt hat, which I had only seen worn once in the lifetime of the deceased. _ . The part _ of Renfield-street we traversed together £ ' " ' " ' about 250 yards long, and one of the bu s i est streets m Glasgow \\\ hen I got to the corner of Vmcent-street the ghost vanished. I did not see it come and I did not see it go ; I only knew it was not there." ''Were you not frightened?" "Not the least in the world." "Did you not ask it any questions?" "No, none ; I simply carried on the conversation which it had begun." " Did not its sudden disappearance disturb you T "Not at all ; it joined me without notice, and left me as simply. I did not see it dissolve ; it simply was not there any longer." " And you knew the ghost?" "Perfectly." "Who was it, may I ask ?" ** It was the ghost of my father." "Were you thinking of your father ?" "Not at all." " And when he spoke to you were you not surprised ?" " Not in the least." "Nor inquisitive?" "No, it seemed so natural. I was chiefly thinking of the place I was going to. In fact, it was not until the next day that I began to realize how strange it was that I had been speaking familiarly to my father, six years after he had died, in a busy Glasgow street. Bat that it was so I have not the slightest doubt in the world. That I know. I have had no other experience of a similar nature. As-1 said, I do not believe in ghosts ; all I know is that I did walk down Senfield-street with my father six years after his death.'" In conclusion, we may add that the photographs of Mr. Dick and the portion of Renfield-street, Glasgow, in which the ghost- appeared are both given. 