WOMAffS 10YE. Dnrlng jha Amu'mb IiaM jus southern city, the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swayinghumauity awaited tbe verdict outside. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two yotwg fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set themselves to earn fame and fortune, or xne latter at least, in uieu i»u»e jjuwc , Albert Musgrave as an artistj Herbert Uadsou as a doctor. Their love for eaoh other was brotherly; yet love proved the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright- eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were fairly equally bestowed between these two. One morning folk were horrified with the report of mmrder. Muegravehad been shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from tho dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others whioh the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within twenty- four hours of the crime. He was known to have been at the house at the time of tbe murder, as nearly as possible. All these things he folly admitted. Only one foot he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house ; indeed sbe bad spoken to bim, but be strangely passed ber, refusing to speak. The general evidence against bim was so overwhelming, there could be no doubt of the issue. Tbe prisoner bad condemned him- eelf by his own admh-ioas, yet he emphati cally asserted his innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. Counsel ha i labored for and agaiust. The judge had summed up the points of the case; the jury retired to consider. The breathless bush of euspeose was oppressive. The angel of death eeemed almoct visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men solemnly took theirseats. 44 Guilty, or not guilty r" 44 Guilty.' A piercing shriek, awful from its harden of agony, raug through the court. Edna's un- > conscious form woe borne out. For the first time tbe prisoner quailed. Throughout the trial he had behaved with almost callous cool ness. Her voice unmanned bim. He buried bis face in his hauds, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he rcgainednis manly bearing. Asked if he had any reason to state why sentence should not be passed, he drew him self up, aud in a firm, clear voice said : " To- ! day my words are an empty sound ; one day i hey will have great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innocent. No man will believe me. I speak for the future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unerr ing and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then I wish yon to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the curse of shame of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the jndge being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone eeemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom without a quiver. To tho last momentous words, 44 May the Lord have mercy on your sonl, he responded with a firm but reverent 44 Amen." Mr Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was dis turbed in his office by a yoong lady whom he at first failed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change ! Her haggard face, large eyes, looking larger from iheir sunken sockets, the fierce, determined ex pression of her face, made the old lawyer betray bis surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago? She had aged years. He invited ber to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. 4 4 To free Herbert Cadson. He is innocent, and 1 have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, bat did not speak. 44 Perhaps-yon think me mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While yon men have have -worked." 44 Have yon any evidence of your state ment ?" 44 Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across tbe left sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he wore a light suit, the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and cheaper." 44 How in the name of all that is rational did you leam all this?" 44 Thereby hangs my tale. I believed Her bert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who have eyes to see. No one ever sought. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for honrs without success. I was yielding to despair and wandered into the back garden. Sud denly Rdo capered about me with something in his month. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glanoe made my heart stop — bloodstains. I examined that handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dost. It was a woman's. It was marked 4P.HV No. 4.' I recognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What & peculiar scent. I renewed my search with vigor. It was evident tbe criminal had escaped by the back. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by inoh. I scrutinised doors, walls, windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. My total dis- i coveries were some threads of cloth torn off , while squeezing through a small window,.' bloodstains on the sash arising from a ont with a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. The ground waB soft enough to reoeive an impression. Very olose examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. An inspiration dawned on me — goloshes. From these links how should I form a chain? First the handkerchief. I went to Laycock's, tbe chemist. He ransacked his shop, bnt could not find me a scent tike it. I shot an arrow at a venture. 4 You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think.1 4 Oh, yes, I know now, I got that specially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' 4 4 1 reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. P. H. were Priscilla Harvey's initials, this was her handkerchief. I went straight to her honse. Daring my stay I feigned having lost my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterfeit of the one I had found save that it was marked No. 7. I twitted ber that I knew she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blnshed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I involnntarily jumped from my chdir, bat had enough self-control to reoover myself, Pretending I had assumed astonishment. Now had fairly run down my game. How should I get into hie house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man and have blown me from infancy, bo I oan speak freely to yon. At one time he paid me such attention I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest word and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. It most have been the Evil one who suggested it to me. I suooeeded beyond my wildest hopes. I need not weary -yon with details. By dint of coaxing and presents I iuduoed the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Gould I steal them for a day or two. We searched together. Buried in a comer of the ward robe I found a pair. I turned themap.- There was a ont across the sole of the .left foot. I trembled bo violently Ineariy.tet them fall. I took them to Musgtave's house ; tbey fitted the prints exactly. X -have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the ohemist, who wys-they are identical. I have treood the suit of clothes, and can- prove the jrarchaser I aad . date of jmrcbass. But ope thing rem ninn undone, t syrqre I s&w; XXerbert three nnnntee -after the ennrder dose -to 4he back of the faoese. -As-Herbert dark and the culprit is light, he must have disguised . himself, which proves design. A local hair dresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, etc., for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them1 before and returned ' them after the date ef the reurderj so they were in hie possession then. Concerning the deed itself yon know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Mssgrave an hour before." 44 Yon astound me, a gwl like you, with snob astuteness. It passes my oomprehen- siou." - v ' 44 Don't yon think I have good'grotmds for . his arrest?" 44 Certainly. Who is he?" 44 Mr Satley, the enrate." Mr Carter fairly leaped from hip chair with an irreverent expression of snrprise. It took him some little time to subside into hie usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, puttiog all details into his posseseioa. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. 44 It is all over, Mr Garter." 44 What, has he confessed ?" 44 Yes, in words and aotion. I was going' up to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made- me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but ehe should have consulted us before ehe took those goloshes Women are eo impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him, and advised him notr to buy a ticket, as he wonld waste his mooey. He turned paler than Hamlet's ghost. 44 God help me. I was mad. Jt was aU for her," he said in a quivering voice. 44 Please do not handcuff me," he implored. 44 Very well, Mr Satley," I replied. Jnst theo the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped hie bag and dashed acrot the platform, I after bim. He won tbe race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, whioh hurled bim off like a football, over and over. Hi body U lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a etiver lining. The sun shine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and dtath. — 4 4 Man chester Weekly Times." 