Literary News and Notos. «lae Mr. Steven» >n do^s not purpose publishing the " Bosch of Faiesa" till n»'it spring. Miss J. E. (fordon has translated for Mr. Hememar,n Pierre Loti 's " Fantome d'Orient." Mr. A. H. D. Acland, M.P, Mr. H II. Asquith, M P, and Mr. H. H. Fowler, M P., bave become members of the Athel »um Club. The original manuscript of Thack«rsy's " lioundabont Papers" is now in the library of Harvard College, to which it was pre- sented by Mr. Leslie Stephen. Another Carljlean bock was issued on Oct. 17-"Selections from the Letters of Geraldine Jindsir Jewsbury," edited by Mr, Alexander Ireland. (Longmans.) In the account« given of the funeral of the laureate, it ia stated that ten lines of poetry were embodied in the service which had boen composed by him on his deatb-bed, and after- wards set to muHic by Lady Tennyson. The lyric is entitled the " Silent Voices," and it waa song by the Westminster Abbey choir. The LerAt Mercury gives the lines as follows : When thi- dumb boar clothed in black Bringa the dreams about my bed, Call me not so often back, Silent voices of tbe dead, Towards the lowland way« behind me And the sunlight that ia gone ; Call me rather, silent voices, Forward to tbe starry track, Glimmering up the heights beyond me. On and always on. Mr. G. Thorn Drury has just completad for Messrs. Lawrence and Bullen, for their " Muses' Library," a new edition of the Eoems of Edmund Waller. Mr. Drnry has ad the advantage of access to such letters and papers relating to the poet as remain in the bands of his present representative, Mr. Edmund Waller, of Farmington Lodge, North Leach ; and has been enabled to add to his edition, besides some fresh verses, an unpublished dedication to the Queen Henrietta Maria, and also to give correctly, for the first time, the dates, beginning with that of his birth, of various events in Waller's life. The book will contain two portraits-one of the poet, reproduced from the picture by Cornelius Janssen«, and one of Saccharisss, from the picture presented by her to her admirer, which has since remained in the possession of his family. Almost every biographic notice on Tenny- son contains » quotation from " Crossing the Bar ;" but it seems that at least one writer of conséquence doe« not know ita mesning. " The closing line of Sir Edwin Arnold's verses on Tennyson (which have for text ' Crossing the Bar') Death's soft wind all thy gallant canvas lifting, And Chrirt thy pilot to the Ptatu to be, supplies (says the Athmaum) a pointed illustration of a very common, and not unna- tural, misconception, rix, that Tennyson's line, / hope lo te* my rüotfact to fact When I have crost the bar, refers to our Saviour. The allusion, how- ever, is to the son who bad preceded him into the undiscovered country three years pre- viously, and answers to the second line of the poem Sonnet and evening star Ana one clear call for me ! While on a visit to Lord and Lady Strath- more, at Glamis Castle, Dr. Boyd (author of the Rerreationt ofa Oountrj Partoh) was told of a new way to exorcise old ghosts. " Everybody has beard of the haunted room at Glamis. It has been put about that the mention of it is a painful subject in the family. Never was ranker nonsense- In the morning, the first question of the deligbtfol Countess to her guest« was ' Well, have you seen the ghost P' The Earl treated the sub- ject more scientifically, in a fashion yielding practical counsel. He told us that some years before sn excellent dignitary, who was »lways collecting money for church building, bad just gone to bad, when of a sudden tb* ghost appeared-apparently a Strathmore of some centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took the first word. Addressing tb« ghost, he said he was most anxious to raise money for a church he was erecting ; that he bad a bad cold, and could not well get out of bed ; but that his collect- ing-book was on his dressing-table, and be would be extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and hss never come hack any more." English eiclusiveness finds its latest illus- tration (says the Poll Mall 0*»ette) in what purports to be Mr. Herbert Spencer's reply to the Ftyara, which bad aaked him for bis opinion on Hen an, " I bsve never ss much a« opened any one of his books." Here in England we «peak of Mr. Spencer as " our great philosopher." There in France M. Ronan is a great name in the literary and philosophic world. But the great philosopher of England has never a« much a« opened any one of the great Frencbms«'* books. If the letter be genuine, it is calculated, the Pat! Mall fears, to give some offence in France But not more perhaps than the article in the typical journal of John Bullista which im- proved the oocssion of Tennyson's and Beean'« deaths «nmrwhat as follows :-"W« in this cotmtrr find it difSoalt to Uko It. Kenan seriously. . . . Tennyson, as a man and as A writer, lift« us inte another world." The Ch«Tali«r Herrmann, who contributes a story ot hi« adventures to the carrent 80«* ber of tb* korti American Merita, on one oeesdea saved his life by a trick. He was captured by Arab» ia Algeria and tied to a tree to be «hot ; when re ra em be riot* a trick be bad been practising of having a gun fired at kim and catching the bullet«, he com- menced to 1 »ugh and declare in French that hf* had a chnrmfd life. Four men were told nfî to kill him._ A« each one fired he »pat a ¡ bullet from bi» mouth-the bullet« haviiß 1 come from hi» own pocket; and »o mystified i were the Arab* that tbey thooaht bi* profes- ión true, and »et him free with man/ pre- I »enU. | " Froude told me (»«y» Dr. Boyd in bi» j lately-published reminiscence«) of a «inpular i instance of a man lookinr at a matter from only one puint of view. A youth at Oxford i in hi» day, being examined in Paley, w>» »«fced if he could mention any in»tanee of the I Divine goodne»* which he had found out fur himself. "Yes Tbe conformation of tb<» nose of tho bulldog. It* nose i» «o retracted that it can bang on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. Bat for tbi* it would soon have to let go." The bull's pi.int of view was not regarded at ail." Sir Theodore Martin, one of the authors of the lion Qaulficr Ballad*, which included ludicrous parodie* on " Locksley Hall" and the " May Qpeen" (the latter containina the line, " Draw me a pint of b»er mother, and, mother, draw it mild"), writes ápropo* of Tennyson :-"It may «eera »trance to many, but it i« the fact, that these parodie* wore the outcome of the loving enthaaia»*n excited in my friend Aytoan sod my »elf by the two volume» published in lSi^, in which, for tb** firat time, were seen the revised ' Dream of Fair Women,' the ' Recollection« of the Ar.bian Night«,' the 'Ooore,' the ' Morto d'Arthur,' the ' Ulysses,' the ' Locksley Hall,' »he ' Break, break, break,' and numeróos miner poem«, all »bowing that a new, a true, and » potent poetic voice had come into the wirld. The»e volume« we knew by bear*, and it was a pleasant exercise for na to try to echo »otne of the tones we loved so well amone the imitations we were then making ia playful parody, and with all the exuberance of youth- ful spirit«, of Macaulay, Wordsworth, Lock hart, Ublaod, and other». The 7>'m<vr»*y* : ' Aytoan and Martin, in their Bon Gaultier Ballad* did much to popularise " Locksley Hall" and the " Msy Qne»-n" among the classes who might have mined the beauty of the originals.' This msy or may not be so. In any case, Tennyson did not take them amiss. At least, be never gave me any hint that he did io, and he knew me well enough to be sore that I would have submitted cheer- fully to hi* rebuke. It ha« long been my rule never to speak to authors about what tbey hare written. The Laureate was of all men the last with whom I should have venturod to depart from the rule, But once I could not refrain from breaking it. For 10 year» I bad been abiorbed in studying tho character of Prince Albert. My Life of the Prince wa« finished, and meeting the poet one day he »poke to me about it a» we walked along. It had long been in my mind that Tennyson, in hi» ' Dedication of the Idylls of the King,* had summed np io perfection all the noble qualities of the Prince. 8o it happened that, having to make some reply to what be had said of my book, I felt I must tell him that all my re«earche», all my study of most con- fidential materials for forming an eiiimaie of the character of the Prince and of all that be had done for England, had »bown me that within the narrow sompasa of that dedication be had divined and depicted tbe nature and infinite worth of the Prince with a completen«*» and certainty of touch which could not bare been greater bad be studied all the material» for judgment that had passed through my bands. The obvious pleasure with which my word» were received made me glad that I bad yielded to what was in truth the uncontrollable impulse of tbe moment." Tennysonian manuscripts have fetched very high prices in London. The sutograph alone bat been rained at £2, though Sir Henry Taylor records in bis autobiography that the Laureate was " very violent with the girls on the subject of the rage for auto graphs." He said be believed erery crime and every rioe in the world were connected with the passion for autographs and anecdotes and records. Quite Utely, to bis intense dis- gust, the manuscript of a number of bi* poems waa thrown upon the market, and there was very keen competition to obtain possession of it. In June, 1880, half-a-doxen of these manuscripts were offered for sale. The first was that of the " Dedication to the Queen," &Dd; it was found that the MS. varied in many lines and words from the published version. One entire rene had not been printed, and a second bad ceased to appear in later edition*. To add to the interest of the MS. there was a foot note at the end of the page addressed to Mr. Moxon, tbe pub- lisher :-" I send yon the three last «tanza« of the ' Dedication.' Ought not all the you* and the your* and the hers to be in espitáis ? -A. Tennyaon. Send the revises " Tbi» MS wa« purchased for £3. The MS. of that favorite poem, " Tbe Daily," occupying four pages ard a half, octavo, and containing several lines whiob were omitted in tbe pub- lished version, fetched £21 10« ; while ?.he copy of " The Letters" was value 1 at £18 10s. Tbe lines to the Rev. F. D Maurlee, ooverin«? two pages, and differing from tbe published poem in several «mall de- tails, went for £23 Tbe MS. of "The Brook," a« might be expected, wa« deemed worthy of a higher price, and it was even- tually secured for £51. Lastly esme " Maud." The MS, wa* incomplete, but by way of compensation ii contained a few on pubiithed verses. The price paid for this literary treasure was no les« than £111. The autoprsph M8S. bad previoualy been valued at £200 ; they actually realised £218. !L^.Ü_V_LLJL--J--Sj!!L.,jr JJLJT._LV1__ ?.:.'., "J 