THE ELECTION. S12. — No one hiring (as foreshadowed hy Gr=euh31 at his suonymoosly-eriJed Alarkei Square meeunz) stepped ia to the somicsijoa fcreafo to hidingly buy his chances of elec tion, he is, "as it were " and so to speak," compelled 'nolens volens' to go to foe poH. Before foe dose of nominations foe spoScgy of George's transparent presumption was "there is money in it." Now, h >< I will hare to go fotoogb. Mo up the bellows ; I want all foe bltm to be bad, or tners will be money out in it.'" Therefore, notwithstanding GreenhHi's shal low puerilities on the stump, that would haVe pewltioned any candidate with a ghost only of erudition, he is still a live candidate on bk 'way to be cooked at the poll. Events r>r» rran- spired, or conspired, to favour his attempt to collar L390 a year, and in all probability be will, more by chance than native worth, save his 150. His usual clamorous following say this is the third time that he gone to tbe poll, and ergo by the -token of his de feats he may not be defeated. But what about foe thirteen defeats in his attempt to grasp the Mining Board ISO a year and his many unsuccessful tries for monidpU honours 1 That Greenhiil, like many saperflnoasly-ig- norant men, is eaten up with a oensumins fire to become a public character, has been mtoifgsa-. since he acquired the accomplishment ot being able to write his own name. He cannot he made to comprehend that he is singularly want ing in all the qualities required to snake a public man, although this fact is mufo mora manifest. " Apart from educational deScenries, he suffers from the original sin of 'a" rather blunted perception and want of foe ' susviter in modo ' in his deliverances, be they pleasant or unpleasant matters, of which he desires to uaburthen his fretful sonL Greenhfll affects to pose as the working man's "friend, but we are not deceived — if elected (from which calamity may the powers forfend) he would 1 have neither tbe capacity nor the time to spare from his own betterment to do aught for onr good. The election to Parliament of such political opinionless persons would be a misfor tune to any constituency, but would to a place like Castlemaine be a real catastrophe, with but few exceptions, since the introduction of respon sible government we have been represented by able, well-informed and brilliant men. Let the electors simply look dispassionately at the records of the three candidates now before them, apart from tbe email, transient issnea thrust before them — in foe interests of Greenhfll — (a kind of highly-diiuted anarchism), and tbey will have no difficulty" in coming to the conclusion that Fatter- son must stand first on the poll, and Gordon such a good second that it will equal the first. BLACKSMITH. 