A FEMALE SHERLOCK HOLMES. During the assizes held in a southern city, the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swaying humanity awaited the verdict outside. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young feiiows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set themselves to earn fame aud fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place: Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Cadson j as a doctor. Their love for each other ; was brotherly ; vet love proved the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laugh ing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favours were fairly equally bestowed between these (wo. One morning folk were horrified with the report of murder. Musgrave had been shot in liis studio. A re volver was found 011 the fable a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within twenty-four hours of the crime, lie was known to have been at the house at the time of the murder, as nearly as possible. All these tilings be fully admitted. Only one fact be denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned hiin. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom lie was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close lo the house; indeed, she had spoken to him, but lie strangely passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming, there could be 110 doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own ad missions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. '1'lia eventful day of the trial crime. Counsel had laboured for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case ; the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was op pressive. The Angel of Death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men solemnly took their seals. '? Guilty, or not guilty ? ' Guilty !' A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court. Edna's unconscious form was borne out. For the first time Die prisoner quailed. Throughout the trial he had behaved -with almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned him. lie buried liis face in hishnnds, groaning aloud and trembling vio lently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. Asked if he had any reason to state why sent . 'nee should not be passed, lie drew himself up, and ill a firm, clear voice said : ' To-day my words are an empty sound ; one day they will have great power, though th'y will come back from the cold depths of the, tomb. J am innocent. No man will believe me. I speak for tlu future, because 1 believe ail Avenging Justice, with unerring and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then 1 wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the curse of shame of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr.' The sentence of death was passed, the judge being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanour of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom without a quiver. To the last momentous words, ' May the Lord have mercy on your soul,' lie responded with a firm but reverent ' Amen.' Mr. Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was disturbed in his of 1 i co by a young lady whom he at first failed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change ! Her haggard face, large eyes, looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce, determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray liis surprise in sp.ite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago ? She had aged years. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. ' To free Herbert Cadson. He is innocent, and 1 have discovered the lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. ' Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, 1, a weak women, have worked.' 'Have you and evidence of your statement ? ' 'gAmple, The murderer has a foot two inches longer than H :-rb'jrt. lie wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night lie wore a light suit ; the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar land of material, lighter in weight, and cheaper ? ' ' How in the 1111110 of all that is rational did you learn all this? ' ' Thereby hangs my tale. I be lieved llebert to lie innocent. Com mon sense told mo crime always has a trace for those who have eyes to see. No one ever sought it. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained per mission to see the house. I searched for hours without success. I was yielding to despair, and wandered into the back garden. Suddenly Fido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop — bloodstains. I examined that haudkrechief as a forlorn digger would gold-dust. It was a women's. It was marked 'P. Ii., No. 4,' I re cognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent. I renewed my search with vigour. It was evident the criminal had escaped by the back. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by inch I scrutinized doors, walls, windows, anything and every thing, largo and small. For three days 1 hunted unceasingly. *' My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn olf while sqiuez ing through a small window, blood stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty nail iu the woon, fool prints on the ground beneath the window. The ground was soft enough to receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar im print with a cut across. An inspira tion dawned 011 me — goloshes ! From these links how should I form a chain ? First, the handkerchief. 1 went to Laycoek's, the chemist. He ransacked his shop, but could not find inc a scent like it. I shot an arrow at a venture. 'You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think?' 'Oil, yes; 1 know now, 3 got that especially for her. 1 am sorry 1 have none left.' ' 1 reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. 'P. H,' were Priscilia Harvey's initials ; this was her hand kerchief. 1 went straight to her house. During my stay T feigned having lost my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked 'No. 7.' 1 twilled her that I knew she was in the habit of lending her hankerchief to gentlemen. Siie laugh? 1 :v.i 1 blu.sh 'd. 1 bantered h.-r into confession. She had never lent put one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from niy chair, but had enough self control to re cover myself, pretending I had a; s rmed astonishment. 'Now i had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house? Province aided me. You art: an old man and ha ve known me from infancy, so 1 can speak freely to you. At ond time he paid me such attention J bad to ignore him. 1 knew his land lady well, a garrulous old dame. 1 fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately : Entice him with softest words and ail your resources of fascination. From him and the old women you will learn and obtain all. ' 1 succeeded beyond my wildest hopes. I need not weary you with details. By dint of coaxing and presents I induced the old dame to let me do as 1 pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. 1 wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without liis knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I. knew he bad a pair of goloshes some where. Could 1 steal them for a day or two? We seaiched together. Buried in a corner of the wardrobe 1 found a pair. 1 turned them up. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. 1 iramblcd so violently J nearly let them fall. I took' them to Musgrave's house ; they filled the prints exactly. 1 have had the scrap ings of the sole of the footprint analyzed by the chemrst, who says they ere indenfical. ' 1 have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains j undone. I swore J. saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of flie house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light, lie must have disguised himself, wliich proves di-sign. A local hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whis kers, etc., for private theatricals. Cer tainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had lliem before and returned them after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revol ver with Musgrave an hour before.' ' You astound me, a girl like you. with such astuteness, it passes my ? ? l. ? u CUllijM 1. 11L11S15J11 . 'Don't ycu think 1 have good grounds for liis arrest ? ' ' Certainly. Who is lie? ' ' T\Ir. Saliey, the curate?.' Mr. Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his pos session. Two hours after the olficer returned to Mr, Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. ' It is all over, Mr. Carter.' ' What, has he confessed ? ' ' Yes, in Word and action. I was going up to Mr. Satley's house when 1 saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a porniantcau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have con sulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, 1 followed him. As 1 expected, I10 went to the railway station. I touched him, and advised him not to buy a ticket, as lie woabl waste his money. He turned paler than Ham let's ghost. ' 'God help me ! I was mad. It was all for her,' he said, in a quiver ing voice. ' Please do not handcuff me,' ha implored. 'Very well, Mr. Satley,' I replied. Just then the shriek of ail express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and rushed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner, lie jumped clean 011 to the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mor tuary now.' Every cloud has a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. The Empress of Russia's Court dress, which is valued at £3,000, has only been worn on one occasion, viz., at the coronation o£ the present Emperor. It is covered witn magni ficent embroidery in real silver. Ths train alone cost £1,000, and is to be preserved in thi State Museum as an historical curiosity. Cox : ' But can you safely call Tommy a liar. Box : ' Well, I should say so. He's in Australia now, and lie wou't be back for three years.' 