The Shadow That Rode Between. [WRITTEN FOR THE CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] I. BY MARY HANNAY FOOTT. Ghost stories had always such a fascination for —Maureen Brand I shall call her here—that I often wonder how she would feel if ever she should come to know how very closely the story of something uncommonly like a ghost is inter woven with her own. Ghost or no ghost—'a shadow' is what it was called by all except the very last one of those who saw it—*he poor wraith, every time I heard of its appearance, always im pressed me afresh as one whose tale was far sadder than that of any of those others of which our Australian tradition tells. ' Fisher's ghost/the best-attested apparition, so far as I know, of them all, was the avenger of a mere sordid murder. The ' Voices of the Bed Stockyard/ that wail and cooey, the night the moon breaks, among the weeping oaks of the Macquarie, are from the vic tims of greenstone tomahawk and hardwood spear. The white-robed spectre that walks, candle in hand like another Jane Bhore, down the foot- hollowed sandstone stairs of an ancient Georgian house in Sydney was, in life, the not all-unlucky heroine of one of the most romanceful of the old convict stories, and at the last died comfortably in her own home. But the Shadow of Condron's Crossing, poor soul, had no such mercy of blameless end as the murdered Fisher, or Faithfull's men. And no after good-fortune or happiness, or even peace, had come to her, as to the winsome convict woman, betwixt the dark days of earthly trouble and those of penance for the unresting spirit. While she lived I saw her only twice, and I never spoke to her bat once. But what little I knew of her so was more than enough to make me as sure afterwards aa a man can be of anything.that whatever happened of misfortune or mischance which there will be to fell of, if my resolution carries me through to the end of the story, such mischance or misfortune came by no desert of hers. Year after year, at ono time, a certain person, whom I shall call in these pages Lucas Condron, ÜBed to set himself to try and win the Antarctic Steeplechase, for a 'generation or longer the premier event of tho racing year in the Ocean Colony. He spared neither money nor pains, but, do his best, no horse of his was ever even so much as placed—never anywhere near it. It seemed to make no difference to him that failure came to be at last, in other people's opinion, a foregone conclusion.. If anything he grew but the more doggedly determined to carry off the prize. This until a year ago at the time at which I write, although it may bo longer ago than that by tho time any one roads the story. For it must not leave my hands, if ever indeed, until thero is no longer a likelihood of the woman whom I have said I will here call Maureen Brand coming across it; recognising people and places despite disguise of name, and fancying the tale a fabrication, made of set purpose by one whom she believes already convicted of falsehood aud false-dealing, stoepod in blood-guiltiness though spared save in tho Books That Shall be Opened tho murderer's red-written name. If ever she should come to know, from other words than mine, the truth as it is and as it is believed to be, then I shall no longer wish to with hold from. Manreen the story of the Shadow of Condron's Crossing. It cannot add to the griefs she has already borne. It may lighten ono which I sometimes persuade myself is even yet not all forgotten. It will show her, at all events, that of the two who have owed her loyalty not both wcro traitorß. A year ago, as I have said, Lucas Condron's long fight against Fate, as some people considered it to be, came to an end suddenly and for even Now let me try to tell all tho story. i i i i • « • • i 11. My uncle, lan Eraser, was looked upon as rather an eccentric man, and with strangers he certainly was reserved and taciturn. Although to me he had always been kind and, in a way, companionable, he nerer that I know of had a friend or any one to whom ho talked freely except myself. Bo that when wo had our first and last quarrel and I left Lake Lovat, as I believed, forever, nobody but our two selves knew the reason of our estrange ment. My uncle ordered me out of his house because I refused to say I would think no more of Maureen Brand, would go no more to her father's houso at Fort Fitzroy, atid, more than all, I think, because I laughed in his face when he roquired, with the utmost gravity, that I should at once go South and set ' about finding some one, other than Maureen, who should by-and-by be mistress at Lake Lovat. I did right to refuse, but I know now that I might well have refused with a better grace, with less of passion and vehemence, and with some little thought the while of all he had done for mo and all I was to him. But I was beyond reason annoyed that he had divined my love for Maureen almost before I had realised it myself; angry because he spoke of her in such a way as be trayed pot coldness raeroly but actual aversion J and bitterly offended because he had gone so far as to declare, in so many words, that Mr. Brand was at the bottom of the whole business, and that, father and daughter, lan Froser's money was what they both of them wanted and should never have. I made answer to such purpose (though so great was my frenzy that I did not know the minuto after what I had said) that in half an hour's timo I was ready for the road, my saddle on Warlock's back and old Nata carrying my valise and blankets. One comfort I have whenever I think of the quarrel. My uncle always read aloud a chapter at night in his old Gaelic Bible, and as I was crossing from the yard towards my room with Nata's bridle on my arm I saw my uncle in the sitting-room. The lamp was alight, he had on his spectacles, and the big Bible lay in front of him on the table. 1 hung up the mare and went indoors, and sat (though it was with my hat in my hand) in tlte chair opposite my uncle, as I had done from a boy. At first it seemod as if he meant to read in silence. We were going through the Psalms, and the psalm to be read that evening was the fifteenth. My uncle glanced down the page, though, he knew the words by heart, and then he began as usual to read aloud. When he came to the part which in the English version is rendered ' He that sweareth to his own hurt, . and changeth not,' ho raised his eyes from the book and for a moment gazed across at me with a look which he strove to make stern, but which, as our eyes met, melted into affection. That was the time for me to hold out my hand. But I let it pass. The psalm was ended. I rose and left the room, and by moonrise had. crossed the boundary of Lake Lovat and entered New South Wales. Once off my ancle's place I camped for the night and next morning went on to the Fisheries, saw Downie, the stock agont, and told him I wanted something to do, droving, or a placo as cattle overseer, for though my uncle had sheep on some of his places I had never visited these and knew nothing of sheep. Downie asked me up to his house for the evening, and was uncommonly civil, telographing all over the country in my interest for the remainder of the day. By the afternoon he had half-a-dozen working partnerships to offer me, all of which I had to refuse, as I had not fifty pounds in the world. Downie offered to finance me, and as good as told me he would set me any sum in reason I chose to name, on the chaace of my uncle's by and-by ' coming round', and confided to me that he and a certain bank manager wore willing to go shares in the risk. But I told him that there were two of us to ' come round,' and that Highland blood took long to cool. By-and-by he began to see that I was in earnest, and then he told me that young Condron, of Woodoora, wanted a manager ot once, as he was tired of the place, and meant for the future only to stay there part of the year and to spend the remainder in the Ocean Colony, and had also empowered him to engage any suitable man whenever the chance offered. He hesitated, I could see, to offer me the billet, so I asked him for it, and he said at once:—'The place is yours, of course, if you care to take it. But I look to you to stand between me and your uncle if ever he gets to hear I have had anything to do with tho affair.' I 1 am my own master,' I remarked. 'That's all very well for you,' replied Downie gloomily,' but your unole is many pounds a year in my pocket, and I don't wish to offend him.' I promised that Downie's name should never be mentioned as having befriended me. I spent a pleasant evening at his houso and next morning staatod for Woodoora with my credentials in my pocket. But betwixt Woodoora and the Fisheries lay Fort Fitzroy, 111. Ab I rode two days afterwards round the hospital sandhill and into River-Btreet, the main thoroughfare of Fort Fitzroy, I looked across the town towards the rise on the western bank, where tho polico-magistrate's house, The Cliff he called it, stood embowered in vines. Through the shimmer which rose above the Billabong Flats and the broad river I could see, plainly though as if through shallow running water, the green stretch of garden, the creeper-covered roof, and the small patch of shadow beneath the veranda—within- it three small touches of white. These, after I had for a moment or two concentrated my gaze upon them, resolved themselves into the semblance of three human figures—one in a .lounging chair, newspaper in hand; one in a hammock, with a book held overhead; one standing just beneath the wall-plate, looking towards me, and as she did so shading her eyes with her hand. Gintio's youthful form was not discernible amid the family group. He had, no doubt, as usual, made his escape. It was Gintio, I thought, for whom Maureen was searching as she gazed. Without intending it I had stopped my horses, and tho first I knew of it was a strong smell of new leather close by and Hanson 4he saddler's voice at my left olbow. ' Glad to see you in town again, Mr. Fraser,' he said. 'Is thore anything I can do for you to day?' Taken aback as I was I had presence of mind enough to recollect in tinn that Warlock's bridle looked none too new—with a strip of green hide doing duty as a throat-strap and the cheek-piece mended with a copper rivet. 1 Thank you; yes;' I replied. • I'll come in doors. Our Queensland bridles are not quite smart enough for Fort Fitzroy.' Hanson laughed pleasantly, called up a couple of pickaninnies from a group of little blacks and half-castes squatted near us in the dust to coino and hold the horses, and led tin way into his veranda, where ho inado a Budden halt, and with a, wide flourish of his right arm signified that it was now my privilege to precede him. Disregarding Hanson's impassioned commendation of a newly patontod article with a, brimstone-coloured fore head band and a plated bit of unexampled clumsiness, wherewith he assured me ' a young gentleman with 'ands like mine could ride a wild holephant,' I choße one of a less obtrusive pattern, and with it purchased a few other tbings—a pair of spurs, some saddler's tools, and a small quantity of beeswax and thread. Recollecting, at the samo time, that I had not brought away the stamp with my initials from Lake Lovat.l asked Hanson to have one made for me at the blacksmith's, and send it next day to Tattersall s with the parcel. This fashion of stamping one's initials on thing* of no particular value was one always insisted upon by my uncle, by way of precaution against a sort of petty thievery, due oftenor, perhaps, to indolence than to covetousnesß, the habit some men, otherwise honest enough, have of helping themselves to trifles in the way of saddlery, toma hawks, and other small things they may have need of, without considering whether in inarching of these to their own use they are leaving the rightful owners in the lurch. People far and near used to laugh at this and other, as it seemed to them, over-caroful ways. They even, as was nob unknown to us, had the story that at Lake Lovat we had nothing to speak of Th the shape of table ware beyond tin plates and pannikins, and that on each and ovcry one of those precious utensils, before it was given out for household use, there was etched by ' the Chief's' (my uncle's) own hand, aided by the point of a well-worn butcher knife, the armorial bearings of our branch of the Frasers, the station brand, and tlio eighth commandment. This, to be sura, went over tho mark, but my uncle certainly was a man almost vexatiously careful in sundry small things, though generous beyond the common in large ones, and I had too lut9ly thrown off his tutelage to have begun any fresh groove of my own; hence it was still like second nature to me to go on branding ovcry article belonging to me as I had been taught. My undo little thought how dear this thrifty plan of his was one day to cost us. Just as I rode away from Hanson's door, Winter, the town herdsman (as ho was queerly called), came tearing across from the Billabong Flats with a big mol) of commons horses. My uncle and I had picked up Winter at a carriers' camp some twenty miles from town tho last time we were at the Fort together, and had fetched him in with us. Winter, always a good natured willing-handed fellow, had been helping tho teamsters to lever up a bogged whcol, and, somehow, in stooping to the lift, had over- ' done the thing, and, the men told us, had locked his ribs. Onco we got him into the buggy and off to tho hospital ho was soon set to rights again, but he never forgot tho fright of it nor. how ' the Chief,' as ho said at the time,' had saved his life.' As soon as ho saw me he gave the horses a shoot towards the commons yard and shouted to his blaokboy to shove them in. Then he rode over to me and asked after my uncle, and mentioned that lie had a Lake Lovat horse in the mob, though whether or not it was one with our selling brand ho could not say.' I rode over to the yard with him in order to find out, for, of course, it was still my duty to look after anything concerning my uncle's interests which might be tlurown in my way. When we got to the yard there was Gintie Brand perched on a top rail, like any old township loafer, waiting for Winter and the horses. That was no place for a youth of ton summers to spend his time whilst the chorus of angels went up from a score 'of men catching their horses, and I parted hastily from Winter, asking him to keep the Lako Lovat. ho s i in meanwhile, and come down to Tatter sail's as soon as he could for tho two I had with • me. Winter's paddock with plenty of bush hay' would, I knew, oe more to Warlock's and Nata's liking than the stuffy hotel stable with its musty corn and its clouds of mosquitoes. Then I beckoned to Ointie to come and rido Warlock, which the youngster was glad enough to do, and so I marched off my young precocious, listening, to his flow of talk and with a horse in each hand. Gintie was a companionable little beggar, and frank and outspoken to a most amazing degree, seeing the snubs his deliverances had many a time brought upon him. He had his faults, no doubt not that I ever saw them, for I thought him a grand little chap, and would give more than I would care to. say for the hope that I might ever have a son like him—but whatever his short comings wore he was frco from the misery-making one of all —falsehood. His father once, with a a pretence of cynicism, said that Gintie would nover make a liar—ho had no imagination. 1 Remembor this, Maureen, if ever you come to read this story. What Gintie said he saw—that I have to tell of in its place—he most certainly be lieved himself to havo seen. Whether for that once in his life he was suddenly endowed with, tho ' imagination' his father thought wanting is another affair. Not even for my sake would he have said what was untrue. And he could not have known—had it been so—that a certain lie would sorvo me.' When we got to tho hotel Gintie suggested to mo that if I had thought of asking him to dinnoc the right thing would be a noto to his mother. ' If mother gets a note,' he said, ' she will either have to let mo come to dinner with you and wear ray new sailor suit, or else she will have to write a note herself —and eha would rather let me come to dinner.' I wrote tho noto and handed it to him. 'If you are fond of pancakes and almonds and raisins,' ho remarked, ' I could go homo through, the back yard and tell tho cook for you on my way. He is a Chinaman, and he believes in boys. He says I would be worth about a hundred pounds in China, and ho gives me prunes.' 'We will go together,' I said; and so we did, and were received by Ah Ling with his moon-like faco beaming—one liugo smile —for it turned out that lie and I were old friends, and that not so many years beforo he had been cook at tho Lake. 'Tsief well, Hughio?' ho inquired of me. ' Mbzer know you out ?' he naked Ginlie. When, wo preferred our petition he remarked, • You like pancake, Gintie ? Hughie velly fond of him too; almond and laisin, too. Bell ling soon; then plonty pancake.' Then as Gintie scampered off homo with his note of invitation, ' You like hot water, Hughio?' he said, 'You clear off room and plenty I fetch it. Woman altogezer lazy. 1 Thanks to Ah Ling's good offices Gintie and I had everything wo had asked for and more besides, and so much did he enjoy my society and I his (after tho monotony of the Lake) that when Win tor came to take away Warlock and Nata we were in holiday spirits and ready for anything. rv. Mrs. Brand had sent mo ft message by Gintio to say that she hoped I would como over to The Cliff with him after dinner and spend the evening, and I was, naturally, only too delighted at the thought of it. I had it on my mind, though, that I should be asked when I got there where- I had picked up Gintie. I knew it was not right that I should let this visit to the commons yard pass without an admonitory word, and that his having come by the present treat in consequence of his being there was a thing altogether subversive of domestic discipline. As soon, however, as Winter rode up to the veranda of tho littlo room where we sat a thought occurred to me—a happy one as ife seemed then, though I have many ft time since most bitterly regretted its ever having entered my head. Winter was riding a nuggety littlo skew bald pony that held his head very prettily and hod uncommonly good paces. I took a second look at him os I went out to speak to Winter, and asked whether the pony was quiet, and whether ho wa» disposed to part with him. Winter replied promptly that he was thinkin' of settlin' in life, and that therefore skewbald colts would no longer be in line. 'They perdooce nothin',' he justly remarked, ' on' the whole town wants to borrow them. Give me,' he adjured the Powers generally, 'hold mares as has bin raced till they'll pull you're harms off and that vixenish they'd kick a fire injin to bits if anybody was to shove them in.' He named his price, and I closed for the pony at onoe, and made Winter an offer if he would teach a certain small boy to ride him, provided always that the small boy's father approved. Gintie was desperately anxious to learn the small boy's name on the spot, and remarked with his usual candour: # # llf you'd have given me my ohoice which I d rather, be asked to dinner or have the pony, I'd have taken the pony. Did you ask the other boy whioh he'd rather ?' he inquired almost in tears. ' No,' I replied; ' perhaps the boy I mean the pony for may be here to dinner to-morrow as wall.' •As well /' exclaimod Gintie. ' Oh, that isn't fair!' We went over by-and-by together to The Cliff, and when wo raached the garden gate Maureen was there. Gintie, full of the delights of the evening, and of the story of the pony, rushed indoors to tell it all. ' Maureen,' I said,' I have left Lake Lovat. My uncle is offended with me. lam going to Woodoora as cattle overseer.' 'Woodoora is nearer than Lake Lovat,' said Maureen. Then she paused with a blush, but the unspoken thought was as plain as if she had attered it—' And we shall meet the oftener.' •At Woodoora,' I said,' I shall not be my own master. And I shall have to wait a long while before I have a home of my own.' It was most unlucky, I felt, that I had so poor a way of patting things. Here I had begun by as good as idling Maureen that although Bhe had hinted otherwise my visits must still be as infrequent as ever, and I had also begun, most stupidly, to make what seemed very much like excuses for not being able to ask her to marry me. Confused and ashamed I did not know how to continue. I looked at Maureon; she was smiling. ' It was nice of you to come and see us just the same,' she said. ' Some poople when they lose one thing fanoy they must lose everything else besides. lam so glad that you know that they need not.' She did her best to speak without betraying any emotion, but in spite of herself her voice trembled and her eyes filled with tears. It was impossible for me any longer fully to keep to the determination I had made when I left the Lake, merely to inform Maureen of my altered position and prospects, and to say nothing of my love for her until I hod shown that I was able to make ray own way in tho world. ♦ Maureen,' I said, ' you know I love yon. But I have nothing to offer you now.' ' Nothing ?' said Maureen, ' and yon love me ?' * I had hoped to ask you,' I said, ' whether you ( conld love me in return, but as things are——' . 'Oh, Hughie,' said Maureen, 'don't pretend any more. You know we have always loved each other—from the very first day.' \ The glance which accompanied her words was as candid as they were, and revealed as fully her innocent affootion. It was not in mortal nan to withstand such a confession in look and words. My resolve, already shaken, crumbled to pieoes and was gone. V. We had a pleasant evening at The Cliff. Gintie, before saying his good nights, made fall confes sion of his own accord of his visit to the commons yard. Mrs. Brand played some Wagner music— from ' The Flying Dutchman,' I believe—and Maureen sang a song we were both very fond of — one with a refrain about The ivory gate and golden. Afterwards Mr. Brand was so good as to inform me, with 110 stint of detail, of the reasons which roust one of these days place Fort Fitzroy in the proud position of the capital of Federated Aus tralia. Mrs. Brand, meanwhile, who was of a literary turn, and had just mado discovory of Tolstoi, gradually became absorbed in ' Anna Karcuina,' and Maureen, at the piano, played softly all the airs we liked best. During a pause in his predictions of the Fort*s future greatness I look occasion to mention to Mr. Brand that I wished to have a chat with him before leaving town, on a matter of some importance to myself, and he then led the way at once to the veranda. Before wo left the room I said good-bye to Maureen nnd her mother, for I was by no means certain how Mr. Brand would receive what I felt myself obliged to say. As soon as we had seated ourselves out of doors I told him of my altered circumstances, and mentioned with sufficient plainness, although naturally in as few words as possible, ray share in what hod occurred just after my arrival at The Cliff. I had not intended, I explained, to say Anything more to Maureen than that I had left lie Lake and was going to Woodoora, but had been so carried away by the impulse of the moment that I had also told her what, perhaps, in my changed position it might have been better to leave unsaid. Mr. Brand heard me in silence to the end of my confession, and as it was dark I could not gather from anything in the wny of expression how he was disposed towards my stftt. Ho had tho name of boing what is understood by 'a man of the world,' and I was not altogether nnexpectant of having my offer—as I meant that he should consider it—a piece of sheer audacity. Judge of my relief when the moment I had done Mr. Brand said in the kindliest tone: 1 Mauroon will wait for you, Hugh, you may be sure. Sho is only seventeen, but I have not a donbt but she will bo steadfast.' I thanked him as well as I could find words and voice to do, und then I said: 'It must; I know, go against me with a good many people, my having left the Lake —quar- relled with my uncle.' ' Not with me,' replied Mr. Brand. 'To tell the truth I once quarrelled with Mr. Fraser myself. Ho was in the wrong. And he has never forgiven me.' < I was not aware,' I said,' that there had boen tiny positive quarrel.' 'It took place bofore yon came home from Bohool,' said Mr. Brand—' when he and Fox were in partnership. Fox bought a mob of cattle from a fellow —who it waß, by the way, I never heard— who stole them from a place just within the boundary of this colony and Bold them to Fox—of course foe the firm—at something like a pound a head. The brand was the saino as theirs, but of courso wanting tho number—which was clapped on without losu of time as soon a3 they had taken delivery.' •My uncle,' I interrupted,' know nothing of tho purchase at the time. It was Fox who bought the cattle. My undo was out on the Herbert. Tho very day he returned ho noticed a heenb with tho Lake brand, tho letters of it old, and the number fresh, and when he found out what had been done he nearly killed Fox. Ho forced him, too, under terror for his life, to sign a deed of dissolution of partnership, and then he rode day and night to the place the cattle came from and made it right with the owner. There were about two hundred cattle, and it cost him some two thousand pounds.' 'I dare say it did,' remarked Mr. Brand,'and cheap at that. Information had been laid, and I was jubt about to have certain strong measures initiated, when your undo suddenly arrived at the office. His horse was knocked up—broken down I heard afterwards—and he himself a sight to be seen for sweat, dust, and blood—Fox's blood, no doubt, as you say he mauled him. He flung down a paper which I saw at a glance was the owner's receipt for the stolen cattle, and this at onoe blocked all proceedings. I was a younger man then and possibly more zealous, and I was indignant at what I considered to be—justly I still think—a very gross case indeed of compound ing a felony——' 'Excuse me,' I rejoined. ' Fox had arranged it all with the fellow who stole the cattle from Flynn. Thoy never meant that my uncle should share their gains at all. The cheque Fox drew was for over five hundred pounds. That was at the rate of something like fifty shillings a head —fifty-two and six, I believe, exactly—not a bad price as things were, for rather poor stores as I under stand they were.' 'In that case,' said Mr. Brand,' I owe your uncle an apology. I told him when he flung the receipt down before me that it was woll for a man to be able to keep himself out of Bathurst Gaol with a stroke of the pen.' 1 My uncle never deserve! that,' I said. ' No,' replied Mr. Brand, ' that seems clear enough. 1 will write him an apology to-morrow.' 'Better wait and explain when next you meet,' I said. 'My uncle will be down in November for the show. He has some difficulty in reading and writing English—Gaelic, you know, is his mother tongue—and now that I am away all his corre spondence will have to pass through some one else's hands. He would take any mention of the story in a letter which would have to be read to him as a fresh affront.' ' Well, well,' said Mr. Brand,' I will do as yon say. I suppose,' he added hesitatingly,' that you must have had great provocation—l ask no ques tions, you know—to make you leave the Lake when your uncle, from what you have just told me, is certain to be so very greatly inconvenienced by your going.' Something in the words or in the tone made me feol vaguely that in re- establishing my unole'sroputation with Mr. Brand I had to some extent undermined my own. Pride impelled me, rightly or wrongly, so soon as I fancied myself doubted, to so much of candour as must tell against myself and challenge him to question me if he dared. ' It was my uncle,' I said, ' who supposed him self to have provocation. He ordered me out oi his house.' I Without alternative V 'No.' In the dark, as we sat, I saw Mr. Brand pass his handkerchief suddenly and swiftly over his face and neck. I knew that the sweat was burst ing from every pore, and that it was distress of mind made it do so. For a few moments there was silence. He was debating with himself whether to ask me one other question, and I was hoping with all my heart that he would. Bat unacoused I disdained to defend myself. Even had he made the one inquiry which I thought ho had it in his mind to make I dare say I should still have replied with but half of the truth. I 1 have no right, of course,' he said after a while; ' there ore always family matters. I will do myself the pleasure of calling to-morrow morn ing, Fraser,' he said. ' Fraser 1' I thought to myself, ' and he always called me Hugh.' Next morning, before the stars were off the sky, Gintie presented himself at my bedside, and we went off together for a swim in the river, our towels over our shoulders, without loss of time. When we got back to Tattersall's Mr. Brand was waiting for us. He had come in quest of Gintie, he mentioned, as he feared I should find him troublesome. We all sat down to breakfast together, however, Mr. Brand first of all despatch ing a little yellow boy to The Cliff with a pencilled message to explain his stay. The slight mis trust which, as it seemed to me, had seized him the night befor* was to all appearance quite dispelled, and he was onoe again his own old self —friendly, cordial, in a way dignified; unpre tending, yet with something of patronage, though of the paternal type—an inoffensive variety; at uncertain intervals confidential with a disposition to diffusenew-and even fluency. Winter arrived before we had done breakfast and told me that the Lake Lovat horse hod the selling brand, of which I had informed him, right enough, so that there was no need for further trouble about the matter. As everything seemed now to be going pleasantly I thought I might ask Mr. Brand to let Gintie have the pony and also to let him learn from Winter—a first-rate horseman—how to ride him, bo that he might be able to enter for the boys' pony race at the end of the year. Mr. Brand agreed to everything I wished, and Gintie and I wero both in high feather, and when his father had gone Gintie gave me his word that he would never more go to the commons yard, but would always wait at Winter's or at The Cliff till his pony was brought to him. Winter was a most respectable fellow, and I knew that with him Gintie would be in good hands. Just as Winter rode away a blackboy came from Hanson's with my bridle, the stamp, and the other things. Gintie, of course, begged to be allowed to open the parcel, and, when he had learned the use of the stamp, to havo the pri vilege of impressing the initials upon the bridle. This, I regret to say, he was unable to resist the temptation of doing in more places than one—so fascinating, indeed, did he find the task that before he could tear himself away from it there was a sort of irregular pattern of 'H. F. to be seen pretty well all over the leather. Lucas Condron dropped in while this pioce of work was going on, a telegram in his hand, which on his arrival at the Fort, just before, he had found awaiting the Woodoora mailman. It was from Downie at the Fisheries, and mentioned ray engagement as what he chose to call manager but was really nothing more than cattle overseer. ' Great piece of luck, Fraser, our getting you for Woodoora,' he said; •my father will b3 uncom monly glad. He is a groat cattlo-man himself, you know.' 'So I fancied,' I replied, ' when I heard of his snatching Dragonfly 17th almost from under our very noses.' 'Oh, nh, yes—Dragonfly,' said Condron. ' Don't you think it was most confounded foolery to give a matter of three hundred pounds for a bull when plenty as good were going at a twentieth of the money ?' •It was three-fifty, was it not? that your father gave,' I replied. 'If three hundred pounds would havo bought him we should have had him. My uncle's limit wan three hundred, but if it had rested with mo sooner than lose him I would have given twice tho money.' ' Tben if yon had,' said Condron, ' yon would have been a—would have been sorry for it. Dragonfly doesn't show for thirty pounds, let alone three hundred and fifty.' I had never seen much of Condron, and up to that morning had formed no particular opinion about him, but there was something in his expres sion as soon as I mentioned Dragonfly which I did not like, and his manner altogether struck me as confused and uneasy. I offered him some re freshment, and we had some little chat about the arrangement Downie had made with me on his behalf. Before he left it was agreed that we should start together early next morning for Woodoora. As soon as I had begun to know the place, it was understood, Condron would start for the Ocean Colony, leaving me in charge of things generally, as well as of the cattle station, until his return. Downie, strange to say—for he was a most exact man in all business matters, or he would not have suited my uncle, whoso local agent he was—bad neither given nor required any for mally executed agreement, but had merely written me a letter to present to Condron, stating that I had undertaken the charge of the Woodoora cattle station, and if so desired would also act as manager of the place tempo rarily or for such term as might afterwards be arranged. The salary, it was further mentioned, would be determined by the duties to be allotted to and accepted by me. Downio, as I saw after wards on thinking things over, was between two fires. He would not refuse to help me in my search for employment, yet he would have been glad to avoid doing anything which should n"x upon him the responsibility of offering me wages and so of mortally offending my unole. When I gavo Condron the letter ho glanced through it with apparent carelessness, though when he had finished his-cxpression, I fancied, betrayed some thing of relief. After Condron had gone (-Untie and I went over to the sub-inspector's cottage and askod ODea for the loan of the small police boat. This, how ever, was not to bo had, as the manager of the Central Bank had already bespoken it for a tute u-tdtA river party consisting of himself and his wife, who were in that early stage of matrimony when two are company. ODea was profuse in liis regrets and offered us, as the next best thing, the big boat—which was known in the Fort as " the galley"—with himself and, if need was, his sergeant with him, to row. We accepted ODea but declined his subordinate, and then we went on to The Cliff for lunoh. Afterwards Mrs. Brand and Maureen, with Gintie and myself and the obliging sub-inspector, spent the afternoon on tho river. It was a lovely August afternoon, and the river, from heavy Northern rains which had fallen the month before, was high above summer level, bo that wo were not, as in a dry season, pent betwixt steep red banks overtopped with giant gums and box trees, but all the way up ths stream had a pleasant open view on either side of green and blossoming plains or of freshioned and flowering forest with stretches of water—lagoons and billa bongs—everywhere between. At North Fort, where at times of low water there was a ford, a steamer passed us, with a couple of barges in tow, on her way from the Fisheries loaded with wool for Port Murray, 1000 miles to tho south. Further up again a flock of emus, old birds and their young, in full flight from blacks or dingoes, dashed, fair ahead of us, into the water and swam the great river from bank to bank. When we turned once more towards home the stream, slowly moving as it seemed to be, carried us almost of itself on our way, so that we oarsman had little to do but to guide our clumsy craft round the bends. ODea, who was aware or had quickly informed himself of Mrs. Brand's fresh fancy in literature, was nothing of a Tolstoi man, it was clear, but had poor half-forgotten Lever oil by heart, and the way he threw himself into the part he took it that the occasion required of him was something to marvel at even for people so absorbed in one another as were Maureen and myself. He held Mm. Brand and Gintie well-nigh entranced as he recounted the most moving incidents of ' Torn Burke of ours,' and Maureen and I, meanwhile, said what wo had to say to one another, with a blessed freedom from remark or notice, under cover of his fire. As we touched at the little jetty beneath The Cliff the tears of the sub-inspeotor s auditors over the fate of the fasoinating camp-follower who saves Tom Bnrke's life at the cost of her own were still aflow. 'Come over in the evening, Mr. O'Dea,' said Mrs. Brand. 'We shall expect you. Hugh, you will stay, of course—and Mr. Condron i* coming.* I excused myself on the plea that the galley was soinetlu'ng' beyond a one-man boat, and pulled back to the town with ODea, but returned to Tho Cliff in time for dinner, and found that Condron had already arrived. After dinner, when we were seated out on the veranda, Maureen said to me softly: ' Do yon remember tho little wild convolvulus — the one we'brought in from the Bend when last you were here ?' ' Yes,'l replied; 'I remember everything. Did it live?' 1 Yeß, oh, yes; and I thought it so lucky, as if things were right with you too. The leaves that grew after you planted it here for me are ever so much larger than those it had in the bush. And when the gardon convolvulus died in the frost ours lived on just the same.' ' Come and show it to me,' I said, 'while there is light enough to see it.' When we stood side by Ride in the garden before the wild creeper, now twining itself up over the roof of the bush house, I said to Maureen: ' What is it you wish to say to me, dourest ? Don't be afraid to tell me. Something is troubling you.' ' I don't know quite what it is, Hughio,' she replied in a breathless whisper. ' I think it is because of Mr. Condron. He does not like you.' ♦ That must be fancy, Maureen,' I said. ' Con dron scarcely knows me, to like or dinlike. Besides, what does it matter, oven if ho does ?' 'He hates you,' she said under her breath, but passionately. ' You know that sometimes I feel what peoplo have in their minds. I knew you liked me——' • Yes, yes; you did,' I said. ' But don't lot us talk of Condron now—our last evening together for so long—' 1 For how long, Hughie ?' ' I am afraid—for a month or two—perhaps long*. I" may noil be able to come- until the show.' I Oh, Hughio!' exclaimed Maureen, •no good will come of your going with that man. Break with him—break with him ! Thoro aro plenty of other places besides Woodoora.' I 1 cannot break with him,' I said,' bufc'if you do not liko my being at Woodoora I will stay no longer than I have already agreed for—until Condron comes back at the cud of tho summer.' "But aec, Maureen,' I continuod, 'whether you like Bomothiug I have brought you,' and I took her slim little hand in mino and laid in it a Blender thread-like ring closed with a small ' forget-me-not of pearls, with a tiny ruby in the heart of it like a drop of blood. 1 What a beautiful quaint little ring,' she ex claimed. 'It is very old, is it not ?' 'Yes, I believe so,' I said. 'I thought you would like it better than any other ' ' Oh, yes, indeed!' said Maureen. ' Was it your mother's, Hughie ?' 1 Yes,' I replied,' but it was very old when firaQ she had it. It came to my mother, my ancle told me, from her great grandmother, a woman who lived to a great age and knew all the old stories'. She was a Macdonald, and she believed that the ring was a charm. It had belonged, she said, to the girl—a far back kinswoman —whom one Breacan, a Danish viking or something of the sort, wished to many. He gave her this ring in the Isles, where her father was the chief, and went home for a while, and one day when he was away she was bleaching linen, and took the ring off her finger for fear she might lose it. That same day Broacan saw a girl in his own country and fell in love with her—only for the day, but ifc was enough, for because of that he was lost after wards with his ship in the Corrievreochan.' '■ Oh, Hughie,' said Maureen, ' I hope the Highland girl was with him. Was she ?' ' No, indeed,' I replied,' her father took care ol that. He would not let her marry the Dane tilf he had anchored for three days and nights in tho whirlpool. Breacan's cable was made of hemp and wool and girls' hair, and some of the hair had been given by the Danish girl he had loved for a day. It WRB golden hair—wonderfully pretty, too, it was—but the strand in which it was twisted was the ono that gave way—and so the ship waa lost.' ' You will like to know, Maureen,' I said as we returned together towards the house,' how I camo to have my mother's ring when everything eho of hers was lost. She tied it round my neck with a ribbon the day she and my father sailed. You know that they never even reached home and that their ship has never b«eu heard of since it left Sydney. It was my undo lan who persuaded them to leave me here when they went away. There wore only us four loft of the family, he reminded them, and \t» promised to take mo to them onoe they were fairly settled at home, but he begged them to—as he put it—" divide tli9 risk.'" " May I wear it so instead of on my finger yet awhile, Hughie,' Maureen asked me, ' the way your mother plaoed it —round my neok on a ribbon ?' •If yon wish—certainly,' I said, bnt I was not quite pleased. ' It is not that I am not proud to wear it,' she continued. 'But we shall have to wait a long while; and sometimes people change.' ' What people do you mean ?' I asked. ' Oh—fathers —and mothers—and other people,' she said. ' But I shall never change, and I snail always wish to keep your ring. And no one can ever make me leave off wearing it if I have it, where nobody knows of it but myself.' ' Ton mean me, Maureen, I am afraid,' I said,' when you speak of " other people." And yet, believe me, dear, I am not given to change. I have never loved any girl but yon. A girl till I saw you was no more to me than tho figurehead of a ship. There were plenty of both at Fort _ Murray, and I cared as much for one as tho other.' ' But yon may forget,' said Maureen sadly. 'As for forgetting,' I replied, ' there has not been time to show yon; but I have never for gotten a creature that ever was dear to me—if it was only a horse or a dog.' We were close to the house now, and in another minute we went indoors. Afterwards wo played bezique with the others till midnight. It is five years since then, but from that day to this Maureen and I have met only onco, and not even once have we spoken to one another. At daylight next morning Winter brought np Warlock and Nata, and very well indeed both of them looked, and, as I told him, did credit to Ira haystack. As I was settling with him there rode up to us where we stood an old retainer of my uncle's, the head stockman at the Lake, Murdoch Bain. He dismounted, took my horses from mo before I knew what ho was at, and said to me in Gaelic: 'It is your uncle, lan Fraßor, that has sent me to you, Hugh, my dear, and glad wo will all be to see the day that brings you back,' and as he spoke he handed me a letter. The letter was written in Gaelio, and was from my uncle. 'It is your ancle, lan Fraser, that sends thia to you, Hugh Fraser,' it said, ' and it is Murdoch Bain that brings it, and then no one else will be. able to read it aud stop it from you and know more than yourself. It is ill- done of you, Hugh' Fraser, that you will have so much pride and go little. For though you would not do your kins man's bidding that is the head of your house, and has the love of father and mother for you, yet you will give yourself over, by what Downie tells me, to do a worse man's bidding, and one that will hate you for the way I flogged his father, aa Murdoch Bain can tell you, for it was Murdoch helped me to tie him to the tree till I got at him with my stockwhip. If you will servo young Condrou be wary, for it was his father stole Flynn's cattle, and did his best with Fox's help to put them on mo. If ho did not steal our good name it is God wo have to thank for it, and none of him. What is marrow of the. father will bo bone of the son, and thieving runs in the blood. Though they have Woodoora now, by some craft and cheatery, they will bo thieves still. For your thief is never rich, but if he had the sun and moon, he must get a grip of the stars to put with them, out of pure thievery. If young Condron tells yon the bull Dragonfly 17th is in the herd you will have to answer for, make him show the bull to you, or else put pen to paper and his name with it that the bull is doad or away. For fear you are not Bare of his markings I send you the breeder's book with the picture of him we got when he was to be sold. If his hide is right painted there a bull wearing it, and his brands on it, went through here yesterday with a mob for th-j North. Ha was down on the drover's note that I made him show me with a dozen brutes every shape and all the colours of the rainbow, but I have my doubts how he was come by. Have nought to do with Condron's sheop or his horses. The herd will be enough for yon if it is not too much, building on what I guess in the matter of the bull. Buy nothing from him ; sell nothing to him; lend him nothing, not for the value, but for tho ill use he might mako of it; leant of all let him have to do with your name. If you have passed your word to serve him, servo him, in tho name of God, but be done with him no later than save 3 your promise. Take no wage 3of him while you stay, and carry none of his money with you when you go. There is money now of your own in the Central Bank at Fort Fitzroy, and the manager will-tell you, if you ask, that the cheque Murdoch Bain took him for yon was marked " wages." You have worked well for me fcr ten years' time, and I want no man's work for nothing. ' I went after you to fiio Fisheries, and when 1 was there Mrs. Mackenzie was speaking of the young lady you and I fell out about, and I hear she is a fine lass and stays at home with her book and her seam—not one of tho sort that run here and there to everybody's house that holds up a finger. So perhaps we might do worse. But her father is an ill- tongued night-old-hag' (the Gaelic name for a particularly hideous sort of owl)' and hoots at honest men for rogues. • We will leave it till you corao home again, and you might bring me her picture.' To say that I was overcome by my unole s for giving kindness and his unsought sacrifice of pride v too little to express the feelings with which I read his letter. My reply, written in the language he loved and sent that same morning by Murdoch Bain, was in the warmest torms, and I promised to abide by his advice, and told him tliat as soon as Condron came back from tho South I would be off to Lake Lovat like a shot from a gun, and would never in my life leave him more. Murdoch had ovidontly overheard the quarrel between my uncle and myself, and .ho made no secret of his having done so, for as I handed him the letter and told him I would be homo again early the coming year he took upon himself to admonish me on his own account, and, as ill-luck would have it, in English, which it was a weakness of his to fancy he spoke well. • Ay, ay, Hugh Fraser, my dear,' he said,' it iss well for you that your uncle iss more fond of lads as lasses, and it would be good if you wass to tek pattoron off hem. For there iss no lass nowhere, not one, iss worth the loss off Lek Lovat.' I turned as he spoke at tho sound of a step close by. It was Mr. Brand, who had come to see me off. How long he had been waiting in my sitting room I had no idea, but he had certainly been there long enough to hear Murdoch Bain's last words. His frank kindly face was grave, and ho Bhook hands with me in a formal way. Whether Maureen had asked him to speak any later word of farewell he did not say. Murdoch Bain went with me as far as the punt, but bade me good-bye as Condron rode down the cutting to the river bank. Condron had a small blackboy with him loading a packhorse, and sug gested that I might as well give him Nata to look after also. I handed the mare over, nothing loth, anl the boy led her and sent the Woodoora horse along in front, taking his time the while, bo that before long we were some way ahead, and for a while lost sight of him. When we camped at noon, however, he quickly picked us up, and again when we started afresh as quickly dropped us. It was late in the afternoon—by the sun nearer 6 than 4—when as Condron and I were on the Durrara PJaiu, which lies betwixt the Thirty-mile Forest on the west of the Central River and the Durrara Creek, a big mob of wild horses swept suddenly into view. They must have been water ing at the creek, in among the ti-tree, and been startled by our approaoh. We were in sight, at the time, of a huge overshot dam Condron had built on the creek, about a twelvemonth before, ,ab:>ve a rooky bar, where there used to be a ford when the rivers were down known as Condron's .Crossing. . ■ • We were walking, oor horses, and had not pressed them at any time during the day, and when the wild mob came into view and Condron fexolaimed excitedly:. 'Come on, Fraser! Let's out some of them out!' Warlock dashed after them with as much spirit as if he were just beginning his day's work. Condron's horse was a quioker one than mine and had less to carry, but Warlock had it for staying power, and before long we were pretty close together and well up to the brumbies, considering how deceptive is their pace as a guide to their rate of travel. To look at a mob of brumbies galloping one would hardly fancy they were getting over tho ground at anything beyond a moderate rate of speed. But as soon as one sets off after them one begins to find out that their seemingly easy stride is like The wolf's long gallop, wbiob can tire Tho hound's deep rage and hunter's ire. The brumbies did not tire either ourselves or our horses, though, until we had succeeded in cutting out a couple of colts —young things, but with a look of breeding. We were heading them towards the crossing, and should have had them the other side of Durrara in another three minutes, when all at once a woman came upon the scene and snatched them, so to say, from underneath our very nosed. She was a young creature, as we saw in the glimpse we had of her as she passed by us like a flash, square-built and straight, with great length of arm from shoulder to elbow, with, plainly enough, such hands as few men of us but might envy, and with a great mane of hair of a tawny yellow which had broken away from its fastenings, and flapped and floated as she turned and wheeled and galloped hither and thither on her big- boned gray horse, till she had our couple of colts taken from us as clean as could be, aud was shoving them along in the opposite direction to Condron's Crossing at her own sweet will. I looked towards the clump of scrub she seemed to be making for, and I could Bee between us and the timber a bit of a yard. So I pushed straight across to make sure the rails were down. They were down, right enough, but lying straight across the way, so I jumped down and flung them to the foot of the fence and then took across the Elain, joined the tawny-haired rider (who had er hands full, smart as, she was), helped her to yard her take, and put up tho rails once we had them in. She was not what 1 should call a good-looking girl, I saw, now that we were at close quarters, but she had a pleasant honest face—freckled as well as tanned, but with a fine ruddy colour in her cheeks underneath the burn, eyes as blue as the sky, and a good-tempered-looking mouth, wide, with red lip3—and when she smiled a set to be seen of square even-cut white teeth. ' Thank you, sir,' she said, as I wedged the last rail, ' I didn't deserve to be helped—not after what I done.' ' Oh, you've earned the colts,' I said, ' every hair of them. I never saw a neater thing.' The girl was poorly dressed I could see, though I am not well up in such matters, for she had on a faded gown, patched to a marvel, mado of some such woollen stuff as we used to keep in the store at the Lake to fit out the gins with in winter. She had a pair of boots, to be sure—a rusty pair of men's bluchers—but they were unaccompanied by stockings. What hat she may have been possessed of before we caught sight of her had by ihat time disappeared. She rode in a man's saddle with a strip of blue blanket rolled up and Strapped to the pommel for her to throw her knee over, and her bridle was a home-made one of plaited greenhide. As I made my observations Condron's blackboy hove in sight at the edge of the scrub close by. I beckoned to him to come over to the yard, and when he came I undid Nata's pack and took out fthe new bridle. m Tho girl's face lighted up with admiration at the sight of it. However one might pity her plainly revealed poverty one could not venture to give her the means of replenishing her stock of clothes. A bridle was different, I thought, and a bridle to this brave creatare would be a greater prize even than a gown. 4 Will yon do me the favour to accept this ?' I asked, advancing to where she stood beside her horse. ' Thank you, sir,' she replied, taking it with a blush and a smile. ' Say" " Thank you," Forester,' she said, patting the big gray on the neck. Forester seemed to take his mistress's meaning, for he bowed his neck till his nose nearly touched the ground, then drew it up and tossed his head. I held out my hand, she gavo me hers, and with a hearty grip on both sides we said good-bye. Condron as wo crossed the overshot and jogged along in tho gathering dusk towards the Woodoora homestead had plenty to say for him self—too much, to my fanoy—about the lost brumby colts and the yellow-haired girl on the big gray that took them from us. My civilities, as he chose to call the little help I gave her—which she should have had just the same and been well entitled to after her splendid bit of riding even if sho had been a black gin—though he pretended to make mirth of them somehow seemed to rankle. When we got to the station everything there seemed well enough. My room was ° a better one than I had at home, but far from so well kept, and the dinner was more pretentious than we ever had, though everything, to my plain taste, was over-seasoned. After dinner I went out to get a drink at the water-bag when a half-caste gin, whose right place at that hour, according to the ideas in which I had been brought up, was the blacks' camp, came up to the veranda with a panni kin and dipped it into the water just as I was about to help myself. Condron, who was lying in a hammock close by smoking, either did not see the girl or thought no harm of what she had done. At all events ho said nothing. I went off to the creek and filled my quartpot and set it in the draught of my window. When I came back to the veranda I asked Condron whether there was anything of a hut out at the cattle station, and said that if there was I should prefer to take up my quarters thero till I had got the run of the herd. Condron replied that there was a fair enough hut, and that if I chose to keep house there ho would send me out a cook and a gin or two to wash. What I wanted, I told him, was a stockman and a couple of black boys, and that he could send us out light bread now and then, and we would do the rest ourselves. Next day Condron and myself, with the man and boys I had asked for, rode out to the cattlo station taking with us a number of horses. I rode Nata, for Warlock, they told me, could not be found. Tho first object that met my gaze as we left the sheep station behind us was a brindled heifer with a black nose that came forward from a clump of wild orange treos, to air her own attractions! no doubt, and make discovery of ours. ' What do you think of her?' asked her owner. I thought her very like a hyena, but I was not sure whether he was really ignorant what a brute she was, only fit for beef or a bullet, or whether he was asking me for an insult, do all I said was: ' She is young yet.' ' There was no attempt-at a muster, but we rode about looking for mobs, and the more I saw of tho Woodoora herd the less I liked the job I had undertaken. When we had been at this sort of work for three or four hours I remarked to Condron, who was showing me round: ' We haven't coma across Dragonfly yet. Where is his beat ?' 'Oh—he goes pretty well everywhere,' replied Condron; 'I daresay he's hatting just at present.' 'I should be glad to see him,' I persisted. • Should you mind telling Peters to look for him?' 1 N-^o, replied Condron. ' I will tell him,' and so saying he beckoned to Peters, who rode to wards us in response to the summons. 'Mr. Fraser wishes to see Dragonfly,' he said. ' Look for him to- morrow.' 'On the run, sir ?' inquired Peters. 'Yes, of course,' replied Condron sharply. 'Very well, sir,' replied Peters. But I heard no more of Dragonfly 17th till one night when the mailman bad brought Peters a bottle or two from the Fort. When he had par taken pretty froely of the contents he confided to me before I could prevent him that Condron had exchanged Dragonfly for a £50 note, and that the ' bull was by that time well on bis way to the Territory. Warlock, too, had mysteriously disappeared from the evening of our arrival, and as Nata was not up to the mark for a man of my weight after cattle I had written to Winter to get me a horse and fetch him out as soon as possible. This he did to my entire satisfaction, for a better horse than Dolo I have never hod nor heart need wish for. Winter when he came ont to the hut with him gave me great accounts of Gintie Brand, what a fine little chap he was, how well he tat his skew bald—to which he had given the modest title of The Don—and how fond he was of jumping. Every old sheepyard they came across when thoy were out together he must take—himself and his skewbald—Backwards and forwards time after time. I had my hands f nil with the herd, a3 my uncle had foretold, for a more neglected lot of scrubbers I never wish to see. Peters was a willing fellow enough, and in good hands would have grown out of some petty ways he had in the shape of purposeless lying and trickery, but there wasn't a beast on the place he had the pluck to shoulder, and most of the tima he put in at the yard was spent on the top rail. The blackboys were better or we should have had hard work to get along at all. I was not once at the head station from the first evening till the day Condron was to start for the South, when I went in to toko his place till his return. There had been a heavy fall of rain from Southern Queensland down, and Durrara Creek as I rode in was sweeping like a sheet of yellow glass towards the great overshot dam and breaking in foam above the batter of stones at the back of it with a roar as of a cataract. As I rode from ont back towards the homestead a horseman came out of tho scrub across Durrara Plain and advanced towards the orossing. He •reached the far end of the dam as I drew down towards the bank that lay opposite and I Baw that it was Winter. He made as if to walk his horse across the dam, but after a look at the strong body of water he turned his horse's head down stream, and crossed instead at a place where the creek spread wide over a stretch of sandy shallows and islets thicketted with ti-tree, I rode to meet him as fast as the heavy state of the ground would allow, boggy as it was from the rains, and as soon as I was near enough to see his face I knew he had encountered some trouble. ' Mr. Frascr,' ho said,' I told you as I hoped to sottle in life. The girl as I thought to marry was Hull the splitter's daughter, Jessamine. If you call yourself a man tell me where she is.' ' I know nothing of any such girl, 1 I replied in amazement. 'Your 'orse knows plenty of'erl'ho exclaimed withpassion. •What? Warlook?' I asked. 'I have never been able to get sight of him sinoe the night I turned him out on Woodoora,' I said. ' I told you he was missing when you came out to the cattle station with Dolo.' ISo you did —so you did,' replied Winter. 'And he never como back ?' he asked. 'Never,' I replied. 'I begin to think he has been stolen.' 'He is on Woodoora,' said Winter doggedly, ' and what I want to know is who's been ridin' of 'im. Whoever it is,' he added,' is no worse friend to me nor to you.' Just then I caught sight of ODea and his sergeant making through tho ti- tree across the sandy stretch towards where we stood. When ODea drew near he made a Bign that he wished to speak to me, and we withdrew together towards the overshot. ' I am sorry to say, Mr. Fraser,' Bnid the sub inspector, ' that Hall reports his daughter missing, and that it is my duty to try and find her.' ' Whiter spoke of the girl to me just now,' I said. ' Pray inform me what I am supposed to have to do with her.' ' May I speak freely?' asked O'Dea. • Tho freer, the better,' I said quietly, but with gathering anger. ' The truth is,' said ODea, looking straight in my face, ' that from the day you came to Woodoora there have been very unpleasant rumours about the Fort concerning you and Jessamine Hull.' • What rumours ?' I asked. 'It was said that she cut in betwixt yon and a couple of brumbies you were running in, and that you were so taken with her wonderful riding and her yellow hair that you fell a victim on the spot— yarded the horsos for her, gave her a bridle, and used to ride all the way from the cattle station to her father's hut tliree evenings a week when your day's work was over.' ' Does any one believe this ?' I inquired. ' Mr. Brand does, for one, I fancy,' replied O'Dea. ' No letter has been received from you, they tell me, at the post office—it was my duty, you will understand, to inquire—since your arrival here. Miss Brand left the Fort a week after you went away. Her father had repcatodly been urged by his people in England to send her to them, so that they might give her certain advantages in the way of education and travel, and all at once he made up his mind to let her go, and cabled to them to expect her.' I was too astounded by all I had heard to con sider that I had denied nothing of the stories against me, but angry as I was I noticed that O'Dea's manner as we rejoined Winter and the sergeant and rode to the home station was distant in the extreme. Condron when he heard the object of his unex pected visitors in coming to Woodoora expressed great concern for the possible fate of Jessamine Hull, remarked that misfortunes never came singly, for that Hull, he heard, had lost his teams in the drought the year before and had to begin life again from the bottom on the Central River, and that, what was worse, he was burdened with a wife who had two ideas only—money and liquor. 4 You know the Hulls, then?' asked the tub inspector. • Oh, yes,' replied Condron, ' everybody on the place knows them. The girl was pretty much at home on Woodoora., too, whatever brought her. For the last couple of months I have 6een her about at all hours of the day and night.'. . He looked towards me as he spoke, and the Others as he did so turned their gaze upon me also. - There was no mistaking the significance of his evil glance. . . ' Liar I I exclaimed, and made to seize him so that I might wring his neck, but the three men held me till he had put the width of tho room between us. .... 'Liar yourself!' he retorted, trembling and pallid yet with fury in his eyes. ' Jessamine Hull crossed the overshot from here only three nights So on her big gray horse. I was counting sheep I sundown at tho boundary yard, and I saw her making for it in the moonlight on my way home.' ' Had the creek risen then ?' asked O'Dea. 'Yes,' said Condron. 'She may have gone lower down,' he added after a moment's pause, ' and crossed at the sandy bend.' ODea, the sergeant, Winter, and myself left the house as soon as Tie had spoken, remounted, and rode back to the crossing. The sergeant held the horses, and we three others vtvipped and went in, close at the back of the dam. We were all strong men in the water, but it took us all we could do to keep abroast of the batter while we searched for what might be betwixt the boiling flood and the stones beneath. It was Winter found it—Jessamine Hull's big gray Forester drowned below the dam. Tho saddlo was still on his back, and the bridle was twisted round his fore legs. Ho must have bsen swept, tliU3 entangled, off his feet, and drowned where ho lay. Some of the piles at the back of tho dam had started, and on one of these the bridlo had caught. Winter unbuckled the loon, and wo got the horse out on the near bank. When our task was done we found that Condron had como down to tho creek and was standing watohing us. 'Do yon know the bridle, Fraser ?' ho asked. 'Pray, which of us looks like tho liar V XI. 'Go up to the house, sergeant,' said ODea, 'and fetch Mr. Fraser's packhovse. We will wait for yon here.' Nata was standing hooked up to the vor&nda;, just as I had left her when we set off tq the dam, and the few bolongingß I had need of were on her back. As the ■ sorgcant rode off ODea turned to me aud said in a low voice: 'Find the girl,.Fraser. She is alive, and that scoundrel knows it. She has drowned her horse by way of a blind and gone off somewhoro. Ho knew that poor brute was here and he knows where she is. Winter!' he said in a peremptory tone, and Winter who was standing, his back towards us, gazing down at Forester where he lay, turned and drew near at tho Bub-iußpector's bidding, wiping the tears off his face as he came. • Look for your sweetheart on dry land,' said O'Dea. 'My word for it she is not in the water. Mr. Fraser will help yon for the Bake of his name and for the sake of a lady he and I know of on the other Bide of the world.' ■ i • • • i i « • It was in tho Thirty-mile Forest, three days aftov, that we found a white woman's track—the track of a barefoot woman, walking with a long even stride like a soldior's—set deep in the boggy ground siuco hard dry. We followed it close to where tho two roads met that ran Woodoora-way from the east and south—one from Fort Fitzroy and one from down the river. We lost it on tho down river road, but picked it up again where it forkod off from tho road towards the river. Again we followed ft, and it led us after an hour's ride to a bend in the river and on to the water's edge. 'She is on board some boat,' I said, ' Thero has been a steamer here' for tirabor only the other day.' This there could be no doubt of, for the boughs wero still fresh that the axemen had left the day they, chopped the trees for fuel, and the ashes of the fires they had lit at night to load by were not caked with the rain, ' If you will go on, Mr. Fraser,' said Winter at this point,' I will be in Sydney, please God, in * fortnight's time. I can get leave from the com* mons trustees. I were hoffered a mount for the Antarctic Steeplechase—down in the Hooean Colony—a couple o' months back, with a hundred pound hangin' to it whether or no, an' five if I got placed. I refused it then, but if it's open I'll take it now. And once I get to the big towns I'll find Jessamine if she's above ground.' I gave him the address of my uncle's Sydney agent, and we parted. My uncle had heard from Downie, who went out to the Lake on purpose to tell him all about it, of the very serious charges made against me, and as soon as the affair came to his knowledge he set off for Fort Fitzroy. Once there he de manded an inquiry into the matter of Jessamine Hull's disappearance, and when it was granted did his best to cloar me from calumny, but whatever effect his efforts had with other people, so far as Mr. Brand was concerned my uncle might have stayed at home. Better that he had done so; for the hurried travel in the damp weather, with the great heat at the same timo prevailing, brought on a severe attack of illness, which developed into rheumatic fever, and lie died at the Fisheries on the journey home. Winter met me in Sydney, as ho had said, and I then learned for tho first time that it was for Condron he was to ride in the Antarctic, though, in order to conceal from his father the fact of his ownership, Condron ran his horses in the trainer's name. When I heard this I began to understand the moaning of certain hints I used to hear about the tons of fencing wire Condron's racehorses had devoured. And the reason why of Dragonfly 17th having departed to the Northern Territory all at once became clear. ; After all my search it was by a sheer accident at last that I discovered Jessamine. I had in quired of all the registry office people I could find *° whether such a girl had sought place as a servant, and I had visited every factory I could hear of where women worked. One night, after dining with my uncle's Sydney agent—my own now, by the way, for all my uncle had was become mine—l saw her standing in the lamplight at tho gftto of a park whero the liousoless find a home. No need to desoribe her. I beckoned to a policeman who stood near, and. pointed her out to him, and gave him Winter's name and address. 'If you will take him to her,' I said,' I will give you so-and-so, bosides what ho will pay you for your trouble. He is a friend of her father's, and it is for her good that ha should find her. And look after the poor soul to-night.' This seemed to me tho only thing to do if I would spare Winter the humiliation of knowing that I had seen her as she was and with death in her face and destitution and despair in every line of her wasted figure. The policeman, who seemed a good sort of fellow, darted after the girl and, I afterwards heard, took her to a decent lodging for the night and provided for her wants. It was over a week before I Raw Winter again 2. He came to me one morning with a black band'on his arm and in his brown hands a white card* board box. He lifted the lid. ' I thought as you'd like to see it,' he said. It was a cross of small white immortelles such as those-which at that very moment" covered the wide plains by the Central River. 'She died last night,' he said. 'It Were Her lungs as was gone.' How loyal he was; for the poor fellow must have known. Next morning he took train for the Ocean Colony, where he was to ride his race. He did not, needless to say, earn his ' five hundred,' for as I mentioned in the first few pages I have written no horse of Condron's was ever so much as placed. Winter was the first man, so far as I am aware, who saw The Shadow. When he was in Sydney again on his way home to Fort Fitzroy he told me about it. •We had a grand start,' he said. ' There was over a dozen of us took the first fence as near, as could be neck an' neck. Then ono dropped • off an' another, an' whatever there was be'ind me there was only one in front wheu we was goin' for the ditch. But when we come to it there wan two. One was the big brown 'orse I'd bin watchin' of all along—Malbrook. The other were like—-a shadder. It were a gray—' Winter's voice shook. ' \y hat sort of a Ijorso .was lie?' .1 asked, t.o giv» the poor fellow time to rocover. ' Uncommon like a horse as I knew,' he said, 'as come from Noo Englan'. Eobin 'Ood, is sire were, an' 'is dam were La Flecsh ' 'La Flfecho!' I exclaimed, • that broke her neck at Sandwick ? She never had a foal.' 1 Yes, Mr. Fraser, Bir,' said Winter, • she 'ad. But her hownor worn't agreeable as she 6h'd 'aye no foals—not just then. So when she 'ad this Robin 'Ood colt on 'er own account lie wasn't willin' for 'er to rare it. An' he-grvuit awajt, v Don't you know who to ?' »r A . V> < M r i \ «It wasn't Forester, was it ?' ISIM- • ■-•••'• A •Yes; Forester it were,' repTißa'Winter. ' An* v Forester's shadder it wero come bgUneflttme an* the ditch.' " \ <OU Mtuy^ • Forester's shadow!' I exctaii^ed. • Yes; an I —an' another one^ ■dtfl^inter. "Ejr^ 'air was streamin1 be'ind 'er fcfi^Jl^yTVii&od-; rfi X Lord! —o Lord!' ho gioaued, like^if flfttruijaMtM^ agony. ' And you lost the race ?' I said by-and-by. • The race V he said. • Oh, yes. I could do nothin' more. My 'orse. wouldn't face the ditch, for the shadder that rode between.' 1 Tho shadow that rodo between!' I thought. It was a shadow then—a mere shadow formed of grief and disordered fancy—that lost Condron the Antarctic. And it was a shadow, too, and this samo girl's shadow— a shadow cast by undeserved doubt and baseless calumny—that lost me Maureen Brand. ' The shadow that rode bo tweonl' I muttered to myself in bitterness of spirit—' The shadow that rode between I' XII. After my uncle lans death I could not endure to live at Lake Lovat, where tho thonghb o! our last evening there used to come to me in my solitude, filling me with pangs intolerable of self-reproach and shame. I made a small old place noar Wellington—my homo theso four years past—very highly improved and most comfortable, my headquarters, and paid occasional visits to tho other properties. I always spent a day or two at Fort Fitzroy going to and coming from the Lake, and when there I never failed to soe as much as possible of the three loyal friends I had there, ODea, Winter, and Gintie Brand. I liked them all, but Gintio I loved most dearly; for his own sake, and for hers whose dark-gray eyes and low sweet voice I dreamt of still. Stories multiplied of the shadow of Oondron|a Crossing, and now that old Condron was dead hid son, it was said, would be glad enough, so soon as pastoral properties should riso to anything of a figure, to bo rid of Woodoora. Meanwhile he stayed mostly in tho Ocean Colony, and set him self, openly now. to carry off the Antarctic i Among other interests in which I had succeeded tny uncle lan was Birnam Wood, a freehold pro perty in Macmillan (a province, as everybody is 'enteaoyot tho Ocean Colony). I had occasion to yisit Birnam some twelve months ago, about the close of tho year, and, after having attended to all business at tho Wood, I thought I might as well spend a week in the metropolis before starting for ±ome. .While I was there the last race meet ing of the year came off, and I thought that, for once in my life, I would have a look at the '^Antarctic, with which I had oectoin- associations —though these were anything but happy. 1 went bytrain, as I wished to be alone, ana as goon as I arrived I went to the paddock where were to be seen, by the privileged, the horseß entered for the great event of the meeting—and 'of the Tacing year —tho Antarctic Steeplechase. *Ehe starter, an old friend of ray uncle's, was so good as to act as my guide and to give mi his opinion of the various horses entered. • 'Aman named Condron,' he said, 'ought to carry off the Antarctic this year. He has spent thousands of pounds, these five years past, trying to win it, and I think he bids fair to do so on this occasion for the first time. This is his horse.' As ho spoke he showed me Flagstaff—ft splen did bay, with every possible good point and not a blemish worth tho name. •Condron is a trifle odd,' said Mr. Walters. *He fancies that his horses are hocussed, that his jockeys sell tho race—all Borts of rubbish. Some four or five years ago he actually fotched a man —one of the prettiest riders he was, too, I ever Baw —down from somewhere about Burke and Wills's last camp—to ride in tho Antarctic. This, you must know, was so as he shouldn't sell tho • I heard of that,' I replied. ' Who rides, this Steeplechase ?' 1 Condron himself, I hear,' said the starter, ' but he may have some one up his sleeve.' When the horses entered for the Antarctic Steeplechase made their appearance on the course Flagstaff v/as ridden by no other perßon than Uintie Brand. The boy saw me as he passed, and nodded and smiled ploa6antly, but I folt a terrible sinking of the heart, and wondered to mysolf how things would go with him —bo bright as he was, and so dear. He rode like a hero, and seemed to be within an aoe of winning the Steeplechase, when all at onco, at the last fence, the horse balked, he called out, reeled in tho saddle, and fell heavily to the ground. When they had raised him from the earth, and bad laid him, a» comfortably as might be, on an ambulance stretcher in the tent, I stood by his bedside, and it seomed as if my heart must break for the pity of it. 'Why on earth did you ride Flagstaff ?' I said, 'Gintie, my boy?' • Why ? Because you sent for me to ride him, Hughie,' said he. •I? I sent for you ?' saidL 'Who told you ■o?' • Condron,' he replied. ' Did I sit him well, do jou think V • Yes, yes, Ointie,' I said. ' Bui what made yon fall?' 'It was Flagstaff that balked at the fence,' he replied. ~Bu^ it was not his fault, Hughie. A woman rode between him and the horse in front, and she came so suddenly, I think it frightened him.* • A woman I' I exclaimed,' I Baw no woman 1' 1 She was there though,' said Ointie. ' She had on an old patched frock and boots like a man's. Bhe had no hat, but she had lovely hair. Yellow it was, and it streamed behind her as she rode.' ' Jeisamintt!' said a hoarse voice beside me. I looked round. It was Lucas Condron, his hair damp with sweat; his face lined and pallid, his lips bloodless and compressed. ' Gintie,' he said, 'I hare boon a brute —out I never thought to be a devil. Forgive mo for the lie that has cost you your life.' Jast then Mr. and Mrs. Brand, and with them Maureen, entered the tent, and I withdrew. Ointie died that same night. . The story is ended, and I will fold the manu script and address it to Maureen Brand. She is engaged, I hear, to Lucas Condron, and will be his wife before the year is out. But if she were twenty times Condron'a I would give her no such name. ♦ • The story, I thought, was ended—and not ended only but likewise done with. When I had addressed the packet I was about to place it in a drawer; but the drawer was locked and the key was not at hand. Heavy rains came on just as I had done, and I went out to have a look at things generally. -1 was longer away than I had thought to be, for the boundary rider's roof down at Chilcory was in need of repair, they told me, bo I stopped to look at it. When I returned I found tho small sitting-room in possession of the three people that of all tho world I used to. be gladdest to see, Mr. and Mrs. Brand and Maureen. They had been some hours in the house, and Maureen had not been slow to discover tho manuscript ad dressed to her. Sho must, I felt sure, have guessed, despite disguise of name, that it was for her and none boside that it was written. 'We are on our way, Mr. Fraser,' said Mr. Brand, 'from Fort Fitzroy to England. As things are now my wife and. I will be able, to reside whero we . please. As you may remember, England has always been her dream. We are thrown on your hospitality by the breaking down of our buggy' ' Maureen and I, the while he prosod, were looking with tho love-lookß of old into one another's eyes. •Is it true,1 I aßked of her by-and-by, ' thai you are to marry ?' 'Don't, Hughie, don't!' exelaiinod Maureen. •Whoever said so was untruthful. I have never loved any one but you. See—l have alwayß worn your ring.l 'She drew the ribbon out from the neck of her gown, and showed me upon it my mother's ring. . • May not Maureen wear her ring on her finger ?' I asked of Mr. Brand. ' Yen, yes,' he said. ' Hugh,' he added, ' I have done you wrong. Maureen gave me your Btory to read —I ask your forgiveness.' • I always loved yon, Hughie,' said Mrs. Brand, ' and whon wo have you wo shall once more have a son.' Then she said with a sigh, ' How Gintie loved you!' One of the new seamless steel ships' lifeboats has been inspected by experts on the Clyde, and very favourable opinions have been formed. The boats are of mild steel, rolled in two halves, which are riveted to a keel that also forms the stem and the stern-post. They can thus be stored in pieces, and be easily put together when wanted. The lifeboats are fitted with the baoyanoy appliances required by the Board of Trade Survey. 