NADA THE LILY. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copyright, 1891, By H. Rider Haggard. (all rights reserved.) CHAPTER XL —(Continued. ) the counsel op baleka. 1 rose, 1 praised the king with aloud voice, and I want from the InkuaJadu, the house of the king. I walked Blonly through the gates, but when I was without the gates the anguish that eame ujiuu uie ucuauoo ui my uuiuv uituu was more than I could bear. I ran to and fro groaoing till I came to the hutof one whom 1 knew. There I found fat, and having plnnged my band in tbe fat, I wrapped it round with a skin and passed ont again, for I might not stay still. I went to and fro, till at length I came to the spot where my huts had been. The outer fence of the huts yet stood ; the fire had not caught it. I passed through the fence; there within 'were the ashes of the burnt huts — that lay ankle-deep. I walked in among the asbes; my feet struck npon things that were sharp. Tbe moon was bright, andl looked ; they were the blackened .bones of my wives and children. 1 flung myself down in the ashes in bitterness of heart ; I covered myself over with the ashes of my kraal and with the bones of my wives and children. Yes, my father, there I lay, and on me were the ashee, and among the ashes were the bones. Thus, then, did I lie for the last time in my kraal, and was sheltered from the frost of the night by the ashes of those to whom I had given life. - Such were the things that befell us in tbe daysofChaka, my father; yes, not to me alone, but to many another also. „ I lay among the ashes and groaned with the pain of my burn, and groaned also from tbe desolation of my heart. Why had I not tasted of the poison, there in the hut of Chaka, and before the eyes of Chaka ! Wby did I not taste it now and make an end ! Nay, I had endured the agony ; I would uotgivehim this last triumph over me. Now, having passed the fire, once more I should be great in the land, and I would become great. Yee, I would bear my sorrows, and become great, that iu a day to be I might wreak vengeance on the king. Ah ! my father, there, as I lay among the ashes, I prayed to the Amatongo, to the ghosts of my ancestors. I prayed to my Ehlose, to the spirit that watches me— ay, and I even dared to pray to tbe Umkulakulu, tbe great soul of the world, who moves through the world unseeu aod unheard. And thus I prayed, that I might yet live to kill Chaka as he had killed those who were dear to me. And while I prayed I slept, or, if I did not sleep, the light of thought went out of me, and I became as one dead. And while 1 lay thuB there came a vision to me, a visiou that was sent in answer to my prayer, or, perchance, it was a madness bora of my sorrows. For, my father, it seemed to me that I stood upon the bank of a river great and wide. It was gloomy there, the light lay low upon the face of the river, bnt far away on the farther side was a glow like the glow of a stormy dawn, and iu the glow I saw a mighty bed of reeds that swayed about in the breath of the dawn, and out of the reeds came men and women and children, by hundreds and tens of hundreds, and plunged into the waters of the river and were buffeted about by the waters. Now, my father, all the people that I eaw in the waters were black people, and all those who were torn out of the reeds were black — there were none of them white like your people, my father, for this vision was a vision of the Zulu race, who alone are ' torn ont of tbe reeds.' Now, I saw that of those who swam in the river some passed over very quickly and some stood, as it were, still in the water — as in life, my father, some die soon and some live for many years. And 1 saw the countless faces of those iu tbe water, among them were many that I knew. There, my father, A OW1T VUG LOvv \JMm vUBfi9| alii) UCwl UilU was my face ; there, too, I eaw the face, of Dingaan, the prince, his brother, and the face of the bay Umslopogaas and the face of Nada, my daughter, and then it was for the first time that 1 knew that Umslopogaas was not dead, but only lost. Now, I turned in my vision, and looked at that bank of the river on which 1 stood. Then I saw that behind , the, bank was a cliff, mighty and black, and in the cliff were doors of ivory, and through the doors came light and the soond of laughter ; other, doors there, -were also, black as .though fashioned of woij buu ifuiuugu vuoiu. vttiuv .urinuicao and the Bounds of groans. I eaw . this also, that in front of the doors was set; a seat, and on tbe seat was the figure of a woman glorious to see/tihe was tall, and she alone was white, and clad in robes of white, and her hair was like grid which was molten in the .fire, and her-face shone like the midday son. Then I saw that those who came np ont of the river stood before the ' woman, the water yet running from them, aud cried aloud to'her. .. j 4 Hail, Itikoseuxoui-y-Zulu, ! Hail; Queen of the Heavens !' ' j ' - No w, -tiie figure of the glorious woman beld a rod in either hand, and the rod in herrigfatiiandwas white and of ivory, and of ebony. -And rathose who came ,up before her throne greeted her, eib shh Dqtribednow with -the wand;ofivory .in; fier'. pht,|ri,'>rid with .the' , rirind :: .jJt ebony in her left hand. And with; thh wahil nf iypryjshe -pointed to the gate8 Iof ivoiy, throngh Whibhcune lightkri laughter; and luritb-ther wanidxofbot: ehe.pointed to the gates of coal, through which came blackness and groans. And as she pointed, so those who greeted her turned, and went some through tbe gates of light and some through the gates of blackness. Presently, as I stood, there came up a handful of people from the bank of the river. I looked on them and knew them. There was Unandt, the mother of Chaka, there was Anadi, my wife, and Moosa, my son, and all my other wives and children, and those who had perished with them. They stood before the figure of the woman, the Princess of the Heavens, to whom the Umkalukulu has given it to watch over the people of the Zulu, and cried aloud, 4 Hail, Iniosazana-v-Eulu ! Hail !' Then she, tbe inkosazaue, pointed with a rod of ivory to the gates of ivory ; hut still they stood before her, not moving. Now the woman epoke for the first time, in a low voice that was ead and awful to hear — ' Pass in, children of my people, pass in to the jndgment. Why tarry ye I Pass in through the gates of light.' But still they tarried, and in my vision Unsndi spoke : 4 We tarry, Queen of the Heavens — we tarry to pray for justice on him who murdered as. I, who on earth was named Mother of the Heavens, an behalf of all this company, pray to thee. Queen of the Heavens, for justice on him who murdered us.' ' How is he uamcd !' asked the voice that was low and awful. 'Chaka, king of the Zulus,' answered the voice of Unaudi. 4 Ghaka, my son.' 4 Many have come to seek for ven geance on that head,' said the voice .of the Queen of the Heavens, 4 and many -more shall come. Fear not, Unandi, it shall fall. Fear not, Anadi and ye wives and children of Mopo, it shall fall, I say. With the spear that pierced thy breast, Unandi, shall the breast of Chaka be also pierced, and, ye wives and children of Mopo, the hand that pierces shall be the hand of Mopo. As I guide him so shall he go. Ay, I will teach him to wreak my vengeance ou the earth ! But say, ye slaughtered of Chaka, what shall that vengeance be to the vengeance that I shall work here in my own place ! Pass in, children of my people — pass in to tbe judgment tor the doom of Chaka is written.' Thus I dreamed, my father. Ay, this was the vision that was sent me as I lay iu pain and misery among the bones of my dead and in the ashes of my kraal. Thus it was given me to see the Inkosazana of the Heavens as she is in her own place. Twice more I eaw her, as you shall hear, but that was on the earth and with my waking eyes. Yea, thrice has it been given to me iu all to look upon that face that I shall now see no more till I am dead, for no man may look four times on the Inkosazana and live. Or am I mad, my father, and did I weave these visions from the woof of my madness ! I do not know, but it is true that I seemed to see them. I woke when the sky was grey with the morning light ; it was the pain of my burnt hand that woke me from my sleep or from my stupor. I rose shak ing the ashes from me, and went with out tbe kraal >o wash myself from tbe defilement. Then I returned, and sat without the gates of tbe Emposeni, waiting till the kiug's women, whom he called his sisters, should come to draw water according to their custom. At last they came, and, sitting with my kaross thrown over my face to hide it, I looked for the passing of Bileka. Pre sently I saw her; she was sad-faced, and walked slowly, her pitcher on her head. I whispered her name, and she drew aside behind an aloe bush, and, makiug pretence that her foot was pierced with a thorn, she lingered till the other wo men were gone by. Then she came up to me, and we greeted one another, gtziug heavily into each other's eyes. In an ill day did I hearken to yon, Btleka,' I eaid, ' to yon and to the Mother of tbe Heavens, aud save your child alive. See uow what has sprung from this deed ! Dead are all my hou8e,dead iB the Mother of the Heavens — ail are dead — and I myself have been pat to the torment by fire,' and I held out my withered hand towards her. ' Ay, Mopo, my brother,' she answered, 4 but flesh is nearest to flesh, and I should think little of it were not my eon Umslopogaas also dead, ra I have heard but now.' 4 Yon speak as a woman, Baleka. It is, then, nothing to you that J, your brother, have lost — all I love V ' Fresh seed can yet be raised np to you, my brother, but for me there is no hope, for the king looks on me no more. I grieve for you, but I had this one alone, and flesh is nearest to fleeb. Think you that I shall escape ! I tell you nay. I am but spared for a little, tbeu I go where the others have gone. -viianni una iuuacu uic mi uuo giarc j for a little while I may be left, then I -go ; he does but play with me as a leopard plays with a wounded buck. I care not I am weary, but I grieve for the boy ; there was no such boy iu tbe laud. Would that I might die swiftly and go to seek him.' 4 And if the boy is not dead, Baleka, what theo.l' What is that you said i'she answered, turning on me with wild eyes. 4 Oh, 8ay it again — again, Mopo ! I would gladly die a hundred deaths to know Umslopogaas yet lives.' . 'Nay, Baleka, I know nothing. Bnt UMb uigub x uioauicu Kb uionuj) ouu x told her all my dream, aud also of that which had gone before tile dream. - . She listened as one listens to the word of a king when he passes judg ment for life or for death. I think that there is wisdom in your dreams, Mopo,' she said at length. 4 Yon were ever a .strong man, to whom the gates of distance are no bar. Now it is borne in .upon my heart that Umslopo gaas stUl lives, and now I shall die happy: Yes, gainsay me not; I shall die, I know it. I read it in the king's eyes.. But what is it!. It is nothing, if only -the prince Umslopogaas yet lives.- ' 4 Yonr love is great, woman,' I said ; great .wora ;up6n nB, aud it may well 'happen that in the end it shall all he for pothipg, for .there is an«vil fate npon us. Bay ,now,: what She!l-£ ' do l Shall l -fly, or shall T abide bere, ;taking the -chance bf ttings' ; ;' . ' 1 ' ' ;j ; ' Yen must sbideheN,' Mnpo, Bee, bow ! -This Is in tiie king's mind, 1 -He li-i.; .r,o.vij»v.r - : ; u. a'ti.-ua.-ut.. X : fears because of the death of his mother at his own hand — yes, even he ; he fears lest the people ehoald turn upon him who killed his own mother. Therefore, he will do this : he will give it ont that he did not kill her, bnt that she perished In the fire which was called down upon your kraals by witchcraft ; and, though all men know the lie, yet none shall dare to gainsay him. As he said to you, there will be a smelling ODt, but a smell- lug out of anew sort, for be and yon shall be the witch-finders, and at that smelling out be will give to death all those whom he fears, all those whom -he knows hate him for the wickedness and because with his own haod he slew his mother. For this cause, then, he will save you alive, Mopo — yes, and makes you to be great in tbe land, for if, indeed, bis mother Unandt died through witch craft, as he shall say, are you not also wronged with him, and did not your wives and children also perish by witch craft J Therefore, do not fly ; abide here and become great — become great to the great end of vengeance, Mopo, my brother, Youhavemuch wrong to wreak; soon yon win have more, for I, too, shall be gone, and my blood also shall cry for vengeance to you. Hearken, Mopo. Are there not other princes in tbe land ! What of Dingaan, what of Umblangans, what of Umpanda, brothers to the king! Do not these also desire to be kings ! Do they not day by day rise from sleep feeling their limbs to know if they yet live ! Do they not night by night lie down to sleep not knowing if it shall be their wives that they shall kiss ere dawn or the red assegai of the king ! Draw near to them, my brother ; creep into their hearts and learn their counsel or teach tbem yours ; so in the ead shall Chaka be brought to that gate throngh which yonr wives have Dassed, and where I also am about to tread.' Thus Baleka spoke and she was gone, leaving me pondering, for her words were heavy with wisdom. I knew well that the brothers of the king weot heavily and in fear of death, for his shadow was ever on (hem. With Panda, indeed, little could be done, for he lived softly, speaking always as one whose wits are few. But Dingaau aud Umhlangaua were of another wood, aod from tbem might well be fashioned a XCIHO VUttb DUUU1U OUlbbtT LUC UralUB U1 Chaka to tbe birds. But the time to speak was not now; not yet was tbe cup of Chaka fulL Then, having finished my thought, I rose, and going tc tbe kraal of my friend, I doctored my burnt hand, that pained me, and as I was doctoring it there came a messenger tome summoning me btfore the king. I went in before the kiDg, and pros trated myself, calling him by his royal names ; but he took me by the hand and raised me up, speaking softly. ' Rise, Mopo, my servant !' he said. 4 Thou hast suffered much woe because of the witchcraft of thine enemies. I, I have lost my mother, and thou, thon hast lost thy wives and children. Weep, my counsellors, weep, because I have lost my mother, and Mopo, my servant, has lost bis wives and children, by the witchcraft of our foes T Then all the counsellors wept aloud, while Chaka glared at them. 4 Hearken, Mopo !' said the king, when the weeping was done. 'None can give me back my mother ; but I can give thee more wives, and thou shalt find children. Go in among the damsels who are reserved to tbe king, and choose thee six ; go in among the cattie of the king, and choose three ten times ten of the best ; call upon the servants of the king that tbey bnild up tby kraal greater and fairer than it was before ! These things I give thee freely ; bnt thou shalt have more, Mopo — yea ! thou shalt have vengeance 1 On the first day of the new moon I summon a great meeting, a bandJda of all the Zalu people : yes, thine own tribe, the Langeni, shall be there also. Then we will mourn together over onr woes ; then, too, will we learn who brought these woes upou us. Go now, Mopo, go ! And go ye also, my counsellors, leaving me to weep alone because my mother is dead V Thus, then, my father, did the words of Baleka come true, aud thus, because of the crafty policy of Chaka, I grew greater in the land than ever I had been before. I chose the cattle, they were fat ; I -chose the wives, they were fair ; but I took no pleasure in them, nor were any more children born to me. For my heart was like a withered stick ;the sap and strength bad gone out of my heart — it was drawn out in the fire of Chaka's hut; and lost in my sorrow for those whom I had loved. (To be continued.) 