Poetry and (Trifles. WHEN COMES THE NIGHT. When conies the uicliL, Recalls*1 the (rloom ojijin-*-^.^ most The soul thai irlows with lustn.* \o& 1 Shall ve condemn tlie rose. And scented lialL, ondO-urch, and to tub. His ermine round us tbri-jc ? ShaJl we repmatHi the joy ifiai shtnl A £.orr « here the feast was spread. And in despair Sit silent, sad, and dumb? Shall we lie cradle curse. The fatal day when daylight came, Beouse the ni;rhi of dreaded naim?, A wcond nurse, Coiues ^lealint,' diftt-n the nave ? That blasts in pain or wrath Our hearts may listen. Though we grope In unlit path. To aongs our ears have beard ? Then bra^ e the ni^ht. Which cannot kill the sun. The angel's cup, tlioujjh life lie s«-eet. Come, drain the jroblet quite ! With robe of tears enshroud the past. Till lieateo, thou, bj- Ltealii '. Harper. In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend, but iu adversity it is tbe most difficult of all things. A bachelor, having advertised fora wife to share his lot, eras asked what the size of his lot was. The inventor of a machine that will darn socks says: 'No married man ought to be Mrs. Bliffers (looking op from tbe paper). Of all things ! A couple who have lived together for sixty years have applied for a divorce. Mr. Bliffera— My, my '. Sixty years ! I don't wonder. A lawyer's client being shown into an office was pressed to takea seat and take offhisliat, lint stoutly declined, orging as his reason that he desired to keepexpenscs down as innch as possible. that he doesn't believe in ghosts, it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at midnight without feeling as if something were going to clutch htm from behind. maturity thirty minotes after Wirth. They are like people who are converted to a new cause, the biggest when they are first born, 11 You are charged, sir,' said the Police Magistrate, 'with attempting to kiss this woman on the street. Do yon plead guilty or not guilty ?' ' Your Honor,' replied the blear-eyed prisoner^ taking a good look at the prostituting witness, 'I plead insanity.' Magistrate ; ' You ve stolen no ly^s t-ha.ii twenty -live umbrellas ! Six mouths hard labour.' Prisoner (apgrieveiHy) : '* Sis months '. That's too much, guv'nor. I think He had no intention of proposing to Miss Gitthar. He merely remarked during the conversation : *' I presume your parents are still living. '' ' No, they art both dead. You will have to fcpeak with my guardian.' Featherstune ? ' Ho you believe iu ghosts*' Trave:-. : ' Wdl, for years I have l-een living iu a Iniinu-.l li.,u.-c.' Fi-alliciaiunv : 'Vou ? loirt nil mo ! Who is it hiiunto.l I.J ? ' TMv«rs : ' lly my tailor.^ Clergyman (m[..-m.ily) : ' I greatly synipi \'wi JlmM kii'.j»J wliere to turn for coiunla tioiu' Vouus Wiiiow: 'Hut who mtulil B-aiu to marry .1 woman with Iliree uhiMreu ;'' Wife (from ihi* wiinlow, ^t 1 a.ni-, to lip^y hualuiull: 'Wi-ll, u-Iiat'a your ticll e for ?.-omiii' home at iliuhunrV Hnsluu.l : ?? Let we in, M'ria. Just come from the uieeting of the labour union. Heen ifjtistilerin^ u hat we'd iloaliout thi- rownt ..trikf.' Wife: ' Well, ulilr youll' ilo 'ili.int I lit- recent lock-out.' An.l she skuimeil Jirtiu the »'iu-l--«'. ' tliza .Jane I'm sorry to hear fiom ytiur sclToii'iiiistreib on are not ilili-vnt it vuii nee™k''or£~!-Ymi know u-!io it 7» fin.U work for i'lle lianii^ to il«- V Kliz;L .Jaoc tiHteiisely ! tlie thini niece hail lieen i^erforme.1, auil ^a*il, ?? .Mr. l'o,,,lu,tor. will you ol,lij;e me l,y re quteli.,^ the vocalists eill.er to sing louiler or goinj/oii liere,°'«hi'eii i-i con.liicleii in so louil tliJ'lMiSe.''i' prefer, crnail.ly. to 'hear the latter ; l.ut it I eanuot ilo tkil' I shoul.l like more talkiju tbat iiiulit. A Seoteu paris.l miuister got a professionil Uioilier to JHC-th for liin\ «u ^M^itli day. So.-ie time 'ift.rwar.ls then™ met, .inil I lie olilr.nl minister riinaikeil. ' lion, vie'll liae to ??el ye tae nnali-ll at »:ir kill; a^.iiu. We never hail such a l.i- oilleelioii as «??- Iml l.-uit Sab l.ith' '[ -ill 'U'l lo hear that,' re.uarke.1 liU frien.l : ' lion- muc:. ua, il V ' Nine iieniT-- anj bone .lay its only ll.ree l««-liee», a.i.l never inair I hau threepence.' 'Well,' replie.l the frit-nil, 'lli'y can't tliink much of my eloquence, for I put hi sixpeuce myeelf ;' 