" How Shall Wc Decide Tills Question?" ..^Now,which is the worse-to have m appetite for ; your Uituicr,*orJtofluiya iio dinnenfoKyourSappetite \ '* 'There arc'lbWofrpeople oul the onts" 8iiJe"&r; the other o£ this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person townrds his meals. But most of us aru not blessed iu that way ; we' either /have too mjich' .food without "an 'appetite) or/a I vigorous/ appetite without enough/ to i satisfy} it. Different folk will nnswer this question "differently, yet the common 3keseof it is that within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry mau is a healthy man ; whereas a man who jopgjit to eat;an£ doesn't ieel like eating, stands in |need of ^ alterationsancl repairs," | /j. f j' To illustrate.' 'We recently received a communi cation iu which thu writer says, .' I was afraid to ? eat.'! Did-he^faucy his food was poisoued, or did 'Bis naturetidibel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. ' lie suya, " In the year 1889 1 changed my work from railway porter to signalman. 1 had been sig nalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to spelik, 1 did"uot\£ecCmysel£.' My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose , their iiavour: the palate, to put it in that way, j appeared to have nothing to suy to them. One tliiiig was like another, and noue was good. My , |(tougiie, was coated aui} f,urred. with, a (dark/line j down tlie 1 mjddle(and yellowi fur'roiiiid it."' My bicath was biftinsive atidjtay a^p'e'titj*" poor,'1; with ..pfiiiis through "the chest and Shoulders,' iyliich' Jwere always right before I hadeateu anything.' Then I was greatly troubled with wind.11 It would gather so itfelt like n'ball in my throat, and aol; as * 'if it would choke me." ' " '-'! "" " . | l . , ,\Ve,cannot wonder that under these circumstances 'ourfricud failed to do justice to his meals, He adds that there was what he calls' a pricking sensation ' at his heart as though'it' 'were touched with' some sharp instrument. Then: again,-at"tiiries1 he! was attached with spasms',' th'd' aigoiiy of 'which1 was so' 'sevL're that the sweat rolled 'oif him.. Vl ,dreaded,": he says; " the'thoiught of eatiiig, and mam u scanty ' .ineal have I inadc';fo'r!l was-afraid to'catl' ' " After a time' I got I'nto'a low)'weak nervous con-: ilitionj" and felt' 'miserable^ as'if somothing, was 'going tohuppun, and thU'cau&cd; me'to'lose a goodj deal of sleep.',' ; : \ What h(i'inuau6 by the fear iit " something 'going' ' to happen'" is, of coursc, the fear of; somejcalamity, such as the loss of his positioijj his .own' death, or ' the death of some body Sear tbhimi''! This j was''d ue| ; as ho intimates,, to the;' impoverished'state of his; blood'(the'life buai'iii), his 'unstrung nerves,' ami Ur ..the braiii.enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The '-lilght-'of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of ,a restless, and uur governed imagination. '[) Withgreat difficulty," ho says; "1 stuck' to my, work,'for I had a wife and family depending on me;1 .$0.1.struggled on, but what 1 suilerud for over two 'years'isfpast my powers of description. I am sure no one hat suffered to much tit I have done." Iu the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong.. One's own pain is one's own, and is; always harder to bear ih'aii is oije|s notion of his tieighbour's paiDi 'There is a cbuutliks'mnlti tilde who are all,the While going through- the same wretched experience,".only; we'don't happen to: come in touch with,them; "*.*' Wellj the wHt'er finally' mentions that 'nfter nil medical treatment-had left him where it' found lilm ? he chanced to.read in a hoolc'pf &'"tofe'e''exactly'.[like hin own having been cured hy'iHothci1 he/gel's Syrup. "My wife," ho says, "got mo. a bottle at fMr. Liiugitult'.'s, in Wopdlesfordi and after using its couteuts^tho ailment left'me and has never roturned since that fortunate day, I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. i have been em'ploycd by the Midland Railway Company for eleven vcars (Signal) ' " Geokgm 11 unt, ? , ; Car Bottom Koad,, , , 1 ' ' " ADnorlcv liiidKO. noai Lccda.1' Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt's" cleslro, In order that part of tlio world at least may Jtudw how Uiaukful huis awl tor what reason. 