UNDER SENTENCE IN NORFOLK ISLAND. AUTHENTIC RECORDS. [?]zimmons was not troubled again by his tormentors, the two constables. It did not [?] Ward's scheme that they should be pry- <*> ing about the house, and they got a quiet hint [jom ODO of the highest officials uot to bother tho old hntkecper any more. Dating tho *aaccetlit)g day on whioh ho paid bie visit to ' :: tbeconvlet boatman, Ward was exceedingly i.budyV ?.Hβ vioited noi.leM than ehc ol the out lying hiiepherd prieohere, and won to suoli iin >xlcnt—by tlio Rid ot a glib tongqetinatbbaooo—that they eaoh promised to vfe'it FUziinmono' hut that night, armed Vritb'fhs pa?flword. Ha oven modo atran?e inent's wfietfcby Hondriek found himselJ n< -liberty to join the conepiiatore, and complete the secret circle. :"? ' ???'.'. Word had, in fact, gono to tho oommand '.ontj and told him an untruthful story obout having disooVerod tho beginning.ol a aerioue plpt, and ho named certain convicts con cerned in it. .Ho aaked—so that matters might bb brought to a orieis—that tbeaemen "bo uilowed.aa'mocb Jibertjr an poBBiblp,.in order that they might attend tho rendezvous, and bis rtquess was at once granted. ? ? Xha hatueepera and shepherds wero most ly in a position.to move-about at night, al though it was not allowed, but a man belong ing to tho prieon gang liko. Hendriok was io a difl-jrent position. Aβ it wae nocoeaary that ho Ghould attend the conspirators meet- -ins., he was told of! ah a nightpatrol amongst tbat.Bcoiion ot the foiost hutkcepera in which Fitzimmons'dwelling lay. ; ??-. ? At eight o'clock on tha night of April the 4;h, ISI7, nine men wore assembled in Fitz iiiiimoptt' but. They werei oonviots Hondrick, .Meyri.k; Fitzimmons,Evans, lladdon, Luke, M'Kiuley, Carter, nnd free boatman Ward, -They had reached tho place in a stealthy manner, and it was evident that the gather ing was for no good purpose. Each of thoin R.ive tho hutkeeper the password—''Wild Tobacco," whe'h they eamo to the door. With tbe exception of Jfoyric'i, who had recoived it from Hendrick after tbe latter's intorview with Ward, the f elona bad all got tho watch word from tbe boatman, Tbo evening waa terribly wild and utotruy. Such a one aa when Tarn O'Stmnter took the road to' Kirk Alloway in, when— ?'A ohild that night might undcratan' Tho dcil had business on hia han.'" 'The corufortlosa interior of the squalid hnfc with the daikncps made viaible by a "dip" light did not add cheerfulness to tbo unxioua fend gbomy faces of tho oocupant?. When tha last man entered Fitziranionaeeauredtha door with a beam of wood, and tbey all sat around a ricketty tablo on some rude benches. Hendriok was tho first to break tho silence by alluding to tbe business which had brought them together. , " You know, men, why we have come here, I iuppose," he began ; " we want to free our selves from mi3ery and cruelty. We wero bad enough eft' a month ago, hut noil w. are much worse. Tito lille privileges which mado our hard lot bearable have been with drawn, and wo are worso ihun any slaves on earth. .For my part 1 cannot stand it any longer. If I fail in obtaining frcrdom I.shall tio banged, of course, but that ia hotter than being slowly filing.d to death, and I see no reason why a general ri.in? Bhculd fail." " There ia not the .lightest doubt of suc cess if everyone pulU together," broke in "Ward. "If the plot is properly laid it can not fail, and by striking tie blow quickly it will bu all the better, far tha authorities do not dieam of another outbreak bo soon after Wc?twood's Itising." " Aye, wo muat move with caution," said Eitzimmcni. " Weatwood'a rovolt was well planned, and yet it did not aucceod. Wo have crafty men to deal with, who have power behind them, and it will toko a great blow to break it." " The January rising was a perfcot bungle," replied tbo bcntinan, warmly. "Why did thoy not get tho prisonem at Longridga and Oaecade to join them. Tho settlement would be in their hands now if that bad been done. 3t allowed tbe major and commandant to get rainforoements from these places, instead of being obliged to Bend for usjistanoo to thorn. At Lirgridge there wa. only twenty eight mon to guard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military there could have been 'r-wept awoy like obpft before th.fi wind had tho r.nvicta wi.hcd. The same could have been fiqne by the four hundred prisoners et Cas fade, end the thousand men thus liberated .ould hava swept down on the rear of the iMrraoka at Sydney B*y, and suappsd up its fsw defenders. Nuthing could have pre. 'cnted it. Less than two hundred men would liavo been hemmed in between two thousand couvicto, lighting for life and liber ty, and nothing short of a niirnolo oould have raved the authorities. I tell you if a general rising is arranged at nil the prisons, it must taaaeea." .:. The arguments of Ward Beemea to havo ronsiOerablo effect ou his auditors, who list ened to him with breathless interest. At I'tny'th Meyrick eaid, " What would you tnggt?t. _ir, as a good plan to adopt?" : " Fir-t of nil it will bo necessary to got all the leading and trustworthy oonviots on your tide. Between you all that ought to bo easily done, You each know Bomo of tbo prisoners 'who'oan be trusted, and tbey in turn will imow others who will bo faithful. Thus tho will widen out liko a watery cirolo until 's embraces all worth having. Of course, 'when you get a majority of tho priaonera on yuur Bide tho minority will havo to follow. ]v the meantime the details of tbeplonmU?t l - e arranged and confided to yourfriends, who will oarefuUy spread it around. When that i. done—and aa coon as possiblo after, to prevent the possibility of a waverer turning traitor—a Euitabto ocoasion must bo fixed for tho general rieiug, I think a good plan would ba to tct firo to; Bay the Cascade prison, at night. Tho ohief officers would hurry there Irom Sidney Boy and Longridge Btations with all the available bands they oould muster, and then tho rising could tako plooo at these places. During the oonfu?ion ot the-teat Cnecado moat of tho prisoners caul- eac-ipo and ensemble in Boraoopptinted placo. If a email guard wero placed over the conviota to prevent escape, it would be a very simple matter ro overpower it, Tho de tails could be arranged beforehand. lam only giving a general outline of what would be a good plan." Ward epoko tbia with an earneatness that appeared to bo sincere, and ac if warming up with the theme, ho udded, — " I suppose moat of you will wonder why I, who am a freo man, should suggest Buch a plot'aa thia to you. I'll soon tell you, Firil ly, I am in disgra.o, and don't o.iro how noon 1 ler.vo this place, hut that is not tho reason I am risking my life tonight. I hutc tho accursed convict systeni. Iv Van Die man's Land I have two brothers wearing out their live... in penal servitude, although thoy aro innocent ot any crime. They were con victed in Dublin ontno cvidenco of n rulliin ly informer named O'Malley, and sentenced to transportation for lifo. I bavo sworn to rescue them, and for that purposo I managod to pet n situation an boa.man at tho prison of I'ort Arthur in Van Dieman's Land. When I was there a few week, tho Buperiutcmltnt found out by aomo meant who I wns, nnd I waa at onca Bont hero. I have boen difsatia. fled ever since, and having Been the cruelties of tho system I am moro than over anxioua to reLmse mybrothoro. Aa I oannct do it by remaining here, 1 am glad of tho removal that awaits mo, and for the sake of my _ui!er. ing rclutivea I with to assist those who arc himiUily placed.' Tha freo boatirm had a glib tongue, acd w?_ doing meat ol the tulb. ilia last Bpecoh would have been ixnclluit had it been truo, hut it hud tho trifling dravbiuk of being taldo trom beginning to t-ud. With the exoeption ? ?I one porKon tho whole of hia listeners ro t -_r.!>-d it aa gospel, and btgftn to look upon '/> arci ;.a littlo inferior to a eaint, a real mca ?reri;<\--r ot good tidingii. Whon, as if ovorcomo ?<? iho sympatliflia ft-eling? whioh the mo .'?lic-aof bid brothers ovoked, ho followed V sh'i recital with a plug of tobacco all round, tlioir yratiSuilo knew, no bounds. Al-- though naturally sUapiciuuJ, the oonviots wore thrown off their Buard and completely hoodwinked by the wily informer—nil bat one, end that was Meyriok. That felon oat regarding tho boatman with a strango and ominous llro in hia cjcb. The feeble light did not permit Ward to sea his - fsoe olosely, or ho might have taken alarm. Tha man seemed to bo evolving old recollcctiona, and gradually his countenance beoame oonvaloed' with passion and his bands twitcbed nerv ously. As Ward roso to go, he, with a power ful effort, regained a measure o£ oompo?-- urc. " We will all meet hero the evening after/ to-morrow," said the boatman as bo left them, tho understanding being that eaoh should depart separately. A storm was rag ing oatsido, and tho free boatman made his way towards tho ohlef prison, mattering as bo wont. "It's fairly started, but I must go*, a couple of dozen more in before I have them-! nobbed." When ho had passed the door of the hat Meyriok went to it, and peered ont into tho , darkness after him, lie was Boon lost in tha ] gloom, but etill the man looked UDtil a vivid j flash of lightning lit up the forest, and re vealed Ward making fee the settlement. Then he closed the door aarofully, and after 1 secaring it walked to the table and took his former scat. Hisfaoewas rigid and white, j so much bo that even the ' obtuso convicts j noticed, it; - , ... ;! '" Have you seen a ghost?" asked Hend- ; rick, that being supposed to bo tho popular cause of frightening people at night.! ? " Would to God it was . that and nothing more 1 had seen," roplied Meyriok in a; solemn voice. " I have seen the ghost o£; former days certainly, but that is not half no; fearful as tho reality of tbo present. I may. as well tell yon, men, that wa, are all lost. Nothing can save us." " Are wo watched?" exclaimed tho oonviots starting to their feet, in affright. "How are, we lost ?" " I don't think we aro watohed yet, but I am eurethat by to-morrow morning the com nundact will know that eooh of us was here, and everything that passed, with a good deal that never passed." " You don't mean to say that Mr Ward 13 a spy, surely ?" they asked. "I do; and I can tell you more. Hisname ia not Ward at all, but MichaeL'O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The story he told us about his brothers is. all false, but if ho bad not said it I would probably never havo recognised him, although I thought there was something about him familiar to me. When ho raontioned O'Malley I knew' bin l , at once, although he is greatly changed, lie is the most diabolical villain that walks the earth to-day. Listen for a few minutes and I will tell you who our new found friend is that even now is weaving the ropo to hang " In the beginning of 1340 I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before mc, I felt liko many another patriotic Irish man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to see her independent. I was a member ot a club called " Erin's Band." It was an harmless sort of an affair, whero a number of young fellows met and kept thoir patriotism warm by recounting tho deeds and ancient glory of Hibernia. Towards the end of the year I mention, ono Michael Mal ley was admitted a member, and became very popular with hi? club fellow?. I saw at onco that ho waa a firebrand and took a dielikc to him, which he cordially reciprocated. Day after day he ineidiouely incalonlated the doa trine of foroo into the impressionable and fiery young men. Ho almost worked tho Bociety into a revolutionary body, and at last the crash oame, A confiiat with a body of military took place 'between them and a number of the club mon. I wbb amongst tbe latter, and tried bard to prevent tho disturb ance. Amongst otbora I waa arrested, and then O'Malloy came oat in hie true colors. Ho waa a paid Government informer, and eworo enough to hang ae. Nino tenths ot his evidence was false. Acts that he had oommitted wero attributed to mc, and the end waa that myself and four other members ol the club wore Bentencod to transportation for life. It transpired during the trial tbat O'Malley had been an informer for several years, but his laet exploit would have cost him hia life had he not been spouted away by tbe authorities. My companions and my self were Bent to Port Arthur prison, and a few months after I was transferred here. The fact ot those poor men being there may havo had something to do with O'Malley's removal to thia place, for it was currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt the informer accepted it as true. You will judge by thia what sort ot a man we have to deal with. lam euro he ia in leagne with tho oflloials, and tbia ia a ' put up' job." The deluded conspirators eat and looked at the speaker, bat for a time their tongues were dumb. At length Hendrick said,— " I can sco wo have been led into a trap, but it's not too late yet to get out of it. Ward will be here in a 00. pie of nights, and I don't think be BUspeot? anything We oan deal with him then." The other mon eaid nothing, but as they left the hut and wont out into the darkness ot tho raging storm, occasionally lit up by tbe lurid lla.he. of lightning, their looks spoke more eloquently than words of the moro awful storm of passionate revenge whioh wa? tossing their heaita. Punotual to timo on the night appointed tho conspirators met at Fitzimmons' hut again. Ward wa? unusually elated, tor he bad met with much success that day amongst certain of the oonviots, and the plot was ripen ing fast. He gave the assembled felons an elaborate plan of tbe various prisons, and de tailed oertain points which it would be neces sary to observe. Ho also informed them tbat transports were expected in a fortnight's timo, and it would be necos?ary to carry out the conspiracy bofore tbey oame. It was nearly ten o'olook when he left the plotters, and the night waa unusually dark, lie did not go alono, tor Meyrick said ho would aocompany him a short diotaooo to wards his own destination. They had not got fifty feet from the hut when Hendriok, Evans, and Haddon opened the door and silently followed them into tbe sombro for est, " Have you seen Ward lately, Daniels?" the oivil commandant asked tho major three days after the eeooudmeeting in Fitzimmon'a hut, as ha met him in the outer yard. " I havo not. Is he missing V" "He has not been seen at hia quarters for three days, and that ia auspicious. The work ho ia engaged on is rather hazardous," said tbe commandant. " I think it would be advisable to eend out a eearoh party after him. You have a good idea, I suppose, where ho might havo met with foul play,*' roturood Major Da niels, " Yes. If he does not appear to day i will have a eentch made to-morrow." Tha free boatman did not appear, aud a ligid Bearoh waa made in tho vicinity of Filz iiuiuona' hut at lirsl, ond then in evory part of tho inland, but without any trac;' of tbe raisaing mau being found. Two dnya after, whilst the rtef gang were at work in Sydney Bay, on obj>_t eamo floating towards tuem, rising aud falling with the wave?. A. it eamo oloser it. waa discovered to bo tho hideous body of a man, which \va. scarcely ideutitldblo, an that ot William Waters, free boatman, alius Michael O'Malley, informer. The doctor found that tha skull was frao tured, and the tupposition wbb that tbe man had first boen struck down, rendeiodinaen . ible, and thrown into Sydney Hay. The commandant tried hard to find tbe murder ers by offering a freo pardon to any accom plice who would inform, but it was in vain, although he shrewdly suspooted who tbo murderers were. Years aftorward?, when Meyriok was on hia death bod at the convict btalion in Weet Australia, he confessed to having sttuok iho fatal blow, and helped to throw the body into tbe sea. Tho " Wild Tobacoo Plot" only brought disaster to its originator. Next week the Records will bo oontinucd under tho title ot " Mad Tboodore." Thia will describe a tragia and extraordinary event that took placo at Caecado Prison in tbe be ginning of 1817. 