? 'I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy Ameriran recently. Now. a million dollars (£200,00) is a deal of money, bnt he was not able to buy the article even at that: price. Mr Thomas Gaskm; of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, niar IJerby. is not to rich many, being a isardeDer, but he WPS ready enough to ^;ive all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story nod he shall tell it in his own way, Mr Gaskin g ies on to Fay : " Up to eight years ago 1 hail never Inst an hour's work tbronah sickness. In December, 1S82, whilst living at Bees ton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 had rireadfol pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the Latter, so thick and sticky that 1 often had to remove it with m> lingers. My chest, iis-d to ' fil np* and my throat would snell so that T could not button my sbirt at the neck. 1 vomited a great deal, chiefly 01 a yt-llowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking rough, Rnd would cough and strain till 1 bled at the nose, and the blood roshedoutof my r&rs.; I became exhausted and short of hrmth and had to call the doctor, and WSB in bet! live or tax we°ks. I then went as oat-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I%ot FO thin th At J was UVte a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all np with For eighteen months 1 kept petting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change .of air. So I came tó Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were fall, aud I saw my clnb doctor and also.' two doctors at Derby. The first one aaid/Pou are in a galloping consumpHon and must die'; the other doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, bvt shook their heads. "Getting a little better my old master allowed me to do what little ł could io hiB gardens and grounds; »od .some days ': I worked a little, and would tben be away for a few day*. Things went on like this until December, 1SS8, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and Bpiiting up phlegm, sometimes as mnchaf a tea-capful at once, and was afraid to 170 to sleep for fear the phlegm wwld choke -mc. At this time the whites of my eyes turned J ellow and my eyLS were bloodshot. My lips .aud mouth were dry ao>l parched, and I often broke out into a c»ld clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and 1 cnnld keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and fitting or lying was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours tanking at my hands—nothing but skin and hone, and WHB so nervous I couldn't bare the least noiBe, aud the children at play quite upset tne. The doctor kept on attending me. bnt he said, 'I can do you no good; J can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking liis medicine and tried everything I cnnld hear of. Oiie tiling was a congh cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did me any good and my friends who cauie to see me said, 'irieZl, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another ootid.' About the middle of March, 1SS9, ne ighbonr named Joseph Tatham who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me. * Torn, did you ever try Mother Sfig el's Syrup?' and told me bow he han been cured afier being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street. After the first dose I Ład an evacuation' black as ink, and vomited. Then X fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my fo->d kept down, and in a few daya more X wan able to get oat for a short walk: By the end of a fortnight I went to set my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, aud 1 tnld him, as 1 tell everyone that Mother Seigel's Syrup bad saved my life. 1 commenced work at once' and have never lost a days work'since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving bis consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr G-askin rebues's us to reCer all doubters tn him or to MroKeetly, Head Gardener, Darley . Abbey, wh is acquainted wiih all the facta alleged. MraUatkin his lived at Darley Abbey for 22 yera slid bears an excellent reputation. Now. what was the complaint from .which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly fas one of the doctors thought), "he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse f»r seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dvspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, tiie disease yielded,as all diseases of thediqestire tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaakin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case tothinkiDg people. 