VERT serious is the industrial outlook at the present time in most parts ot the world. We have had strikes and lock-outs in almost all of the. important industrial centres of both the old and new world. Tn most cases this labor warfare has been followed by scarcity of employment until we, in this new land, have the unfortunate experience of hundreds of unemployed clamoring for work in most of the Australian cities. We are not prepared to endorse the assertion freely made by a certain section of society, that the labor agitation of late years is largely responsible for the dearth of employment. It is J said that the capitalist is now buttoning ' up his pocket and declining to enter on any enterprise which would be dependant on labor, as at any moment he might be left in a fix by su unex \ ., 7 . • . pected strike amongst his employees.: There is, no doubt, some truth in this, I and sides it will is one feel of the during penalties the that struggle* both 1 { which we hope will eventnally place the workers in a better condition by obtaining a larger share in the products of their labor. One thing is evident, if the men of capital will not engage in enterprises that will employ labor, the men must employ themselves. This is to be done, as a correspondent recautly pointed outj by combination and cooperation amongst the wage earners themselves. We have been pleased to learn that a more in this direction is to be madeby the miners in this di trict by pur-chasing the Yelta Mine and working it ojn their own account. If this scheme is carried oat, it would no doubt enable all the dissatisfied men in Wallaroo and Moonta Mines to obtain employment on terms more satisfactory to them as workers We wish the venture every success and trust good results will accrue from it. The decision to liKit the number of shares that each man may take is a wise one, as it will tend to keep the property amongst those for whom, we understand, it has been purchased. The intelligent worker will see that it is to his interest to have as much work going on in the country as possible} and we hope soon to see matters so arranged that all disputes between employers and employees will be settled without attempts being made to injure each other. Daring the lasc week we have been assured that a man of means near Adelaide felt strongly inclined to go iargbly into the cement business, bat was deterred because he would require a large number of workmen, who at an important time, when contracts were in band could, by a suspension of work cause him great loss and perhaps ruin. THEN another question which is of tremendous importance te the lower orders of society in many places is the actual want of bread or food of any kind for the toilers. Harrowing tales have reached m o 1 th® dreadful famine which exists in Russia, where thousands are perishing for want of food in spite of all the mighty Czar can do. Russia' has beeni and is, a large corn producing country, and is looked upon as oiie of sources from which the English market is supplied. ; Yet ;m the face of this the cry for cora is so great from her own people thai other countries have to came to ber rescue. Then in Berlin otb!£p#4 of PrasBia thi^amfe ^ is heard as4h% late riota in capital show whero men..were cut down for demanding bread with- such of the laws was apprehended, * 3%e German Bmperor tried to calm, the tumult "hy riding amongst tbe people and advising with thom. Italy also feels the pmch and is reducing the duty on -corn, so tbat sop. plies may come in. From Madras comes cry, ind^bisi^ we aretoldthar food is so scarce that the people are starting In England then is no actual famine, but we read great, distress amongst tbej tq^ers of the^r«t cities. Thelpresent jaoro^t imd ihreateied strike will probably iacrease the difficulty. It seems awful in these days of plenty that men and women should be unable to obtain enoigh to eat, and we do not |d \ cities great disxis&'at the social conlen | find thetnselvesr „ the ^ {rightfnl waste e itSmenaei standing armies with the enormous expenses of war materia!, we do not wonder that want and famine are visiting the poor of such countries. Not only have, thev to eain their own living, large number <)f middle men - who aR ways live by the workers, but they have to keep the millons of idlers in each country who, from one year's end to the other do nothing but play at -soldiers, or menace each other by their useless and iniquitous military displays. What a treat it must be for a man struggling to obtain a living for himself and family/o find Jhiimselt suddenly saddled witb three or four soldiers who are billetted on him, and for whom he is obliged to find accommodation. Such, however, is one of the constant experiences which even poor working men have to experience in Holy Rnsaia and other countries where the "glorious armies" are kept. Let us hope that one of the results of the social and democratic movements in the old world will be te soon sweep away the worse than useless standing armies in all the countries of Europe, and indeed, the world over. TBIAT. 3T JUKY. —This interesting operatta is to be rendered by the Wallaroo Dramatic Company in the three towns next week. On Tuesday at the Town Hall, Kadina; Wednesday at the Institute, Moonta; and on Thursday at the Town Hall, Wallaroo. The director is Herr D'vorak, and the company we under- 3tand is in good form and voice for the occasion. We congratulate our Wallaroo friends on being able in these degenerate time to raise a dramatic company, and wish them success. THE KADINA BENEVOLENT SOCIETY, — The ordinary monthly meeting of the above Society was held in the Council Chamber, Kadina, on March 8, presided over by His Worship the Mayor. There was a good attendance of the Committee. Several cases of distress were mentioned, one or two of which were found to be very deserving and received substantial help. The Committee could find good use at present for some left- off clothing that could be made up for boys and girls. They also acknowledged with thanks the parcel of clothes left by Mr. Gurner. LIVESTOCK REPORT. — Messrs. Elder, Smith, " and Co., ~ Limited, report—Fat cattle—Prime bullocks, £7 to £8 10s, a few higher ; good, £5 10a to £6 ; prime cows, £5 to £6 ; good, £4. Fat sheep- Prime merino wethers, 9a to 10s, a few at Il« ;» good, g° oa i 7s «« 6d bd ; Aest ftest merino ewes, 6s 64 j crossbreed wethers, 10s 61. SUNDAY OBSERVANCE IN RUSSIA.—A lair servauce is about to of be Sunday issued in for Russia. the stricter For some ob years past the hours during which shops and other places of business are allowed to open have been gradually curtailed, until at present they are only open from 11 A.M. to 3 P.M. The new law will close all shops and places of buiiness during the whole of Sunday ; but an exception will, it is understood, be made in favor of shopkeepers selling the necessaries of life, as butchers and bakers. These will be permitted to tr»de for one er two hours in the early morning. So exception is to be - made in favor of public houses or kabaks. ROMANTIC SEQUEL TO an ELOPEMENT -^ An old man namad M'Ktnss, living is the poorhouae has just had a remarkable experience of the vicissitudes of fortune. He and his daughter caught influenza, and the young woman dying M'Kennc was left to shift for himselt, with only a few shillings between him and starvation. One day last week a < fashionably dressed lady drove up to the house and asked for M'Kenna. She was shown into his room, and catching sight of him she dropped on her knees and exclaimed—" Oh Jack, forgive me !" It was his wife. Twenty years ago she eloped with his best frisad to California, where her paramour made * huge fortune in the goldfialds. He died recently, and the woman returned to find M'Kenni. The pathetic part of the ro« mance is that in nursing the old fellow back to health she herself caught influenza and has just died of pneumonia. leaving him £62,000. SALE OF MALLKS LIVDS.—A most successful sub-divisional sale of l£a)Iee Land was held at Birehip on the 23rd ult. on behalf of Messrs Lee Brown and Stephen Laverby the Farmers 1 Victorian Loan and : Agency Company, Limited, and the eager demand experienced for allotments shows how greatly Mallee Lands in Victoria are increasing in favor. Between 20,000 and 25,000 acres in all were disposed - of and purchasers hare signified their intention. • of commencing cultivation at ones. The sale was conducted in the Company's well* known satisfactory style. The attendance of buyers was far in excess of expectations aud as the railway is about to be extended to Birehip, and the excellent and most^ profitable returns obtained from the cultivation of Mallee Lands are just becoming apparant, this district must before long, 1 be one of the most flourishing in the colony. MINTA.RO SLATE.—-The Melbourne Ags , says :—" The paving which has just bee* / laid in front of the new railway offices ia Spencer-street suggests a few reflections. It consists of Mintaro fl^cfs, bronght from w the quarry of that UameJu 'Adelaide, and the bodies responsible for its introduction are *ho Melbourne City . Council and thftr Railway Commi»»\onira j; Who hear' sit equal share of the expenditure which it has necessitated. The,laying down of the flagging has involved an eutlay of about "£700. Castlemaine slate oould have been employed, at a cost of £500, »and Footacraj^ blues tone at a still smaller ^expenditure, liintaro slate, which is also being largely; used by the City Coiracil for paving purposes en th* new fifahmarket in Flindersstreet, is held by some experts not to bw a true slate. It is very liable to decays Those who have experience of the Castlemains slats and the Foditscrsy blues tone . declare that these ppsseas a ppjprar of resistance much superior to r fchat of thi Mintaro slate, and ia the course of a day or two tests will be conducted with the drink question in Fnpce as w«ll as., ia Eagland, and, as a ; pastor remarked the other day at the Oratoire Church, at a meeting «f the MoAU liUaione, drnnken» ness is likely, if alloweito increase with* ' out check, to prove the rnin of France. Th« consumption per -head of alcohol 'is already larger bj a - great deal than ia England. • A large proportion of this aloo- hol is, however, in the form of wine, which particularly if not , taken between meals, may-be , considered less harmful than'spirits ^ordihirily Used In England* On the other hand (says the Daily Newt correBpdadent)l Frtfichmari of ill classes indulge in . a numberdrinks called appetisers; probably because thsy destroy ; the appetite^ which are nothing less than raiik poison, and arf but little, known on the other aide of the Channel.. Among these are absinth«, bitt#rs of nil kinds> and made-up wines. such as the Madiera at twopence a^glass, which Paris workmen take every miruing on an empty atomactl. At the public house ^a -is littlaknowo, but kircheriwasssr takes its' place. A number of samples Of this compound, seizad tha other-' ! day, 1 was found to be made up of the vilest "beetroot, potato, or methylated spirits,, flavoured with prusaie acid. AN IRISH GHOST STOKT.—AU occurrence of a serious nature, and one which is the all-absorbing topic of city gossip, is reported from, ¥fp'ortidn-^of Ballybricken known aa Costelio's lane.' Sonie time ago a pensioner of the Royal Irish Constabulary named. Kings worth, with ^liis family took" up resideiice there prior "to going to Waterford.*' He hfcld the position of caretaker on au evjisted farm in- £ha Passage East District. , While, in occupation he reported to Sergeant Murphy, ef - Passage East, that he and his family were disturbed at night by unearthly sounds. The aer- Y geant commanded an escort party to.-the' house, the approaches of whi6h were tajcen possession of ? and one of his men stationed in the interior. While there, the sergeant and hi* m&n; heard ttnmistakeably unearthly sounds. The man s on duty saw furniture dashed about by some invisible ajpney. Sergeant Murphy reported the result of hia experience to his superior officer in Waterford, and Head Constable Waters waa sent out to invest^ gate the matter. Despite all entreaties, the caretakeT and his family left in a stale, of terror. The ex-caret&kor; appears to hav» lived in peace at Costelloas lane, in the, city, until Saturday night when he raised: an alarm that the ghosta who had haunted him in his old quarters had tracked him." to the new. Hia family were found to be a state of great excitement, while household articles were lying about in confusion. Neighbours state that they heard a voice, and all fled from the house in terror, The police visited the house twice, as did hundreds of citizens, including several Roman Catholic clergymen. AU the approaches to the house were osaly guarded ; but unearthly noisea are still heard. Y.P. COMPANY, V.M.R.F.—This com* p^iuy will parade on Monday, Wednesday, -tad Friday (14th, 16th, and I8tb), at 7- A COSILY RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—At the half- yearly meeting of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company, held a short time ago, it was stated by the chairman that the recent accident at Nor wood had cost the company £20,000 in compensation, although no eae was killed. The amount depended largely, he said, on the class of person injured!, and was argument against any great reduction in first-class fares. THE W-ESTEYAN CONFERENCE.—The following is the second reading of stations for YorWs Peninsula district, which is subject to correction '—Moonta, Johu D. L&ngsford;, Alfred P. Burgess (Moonta Mines). Kadina and Wallaroo, Isaiah Perry. Port Wakefield, Henry Wilkin son. Yorketown, John Blacket. • Minlaton, John H. Gross. Maitland, .William T.. Hiatt. Ardrossan, one to be sent. Port Lincoln, one to be sent. Elhston, William A. Gann. Franklin Harbour home missionary. INSTITUTE MEETING.—The annual meet- ing of subscribers to the Moonta Institute should hare been held in January, but for some reasons, one of which understand -j; was the absence of : the Treasurer, the \- meeting was net convened untillastnighf A notice for the last fortnight has been posted in the reading room calling the meeting but at the time the' President announced that the report and balance-sheet /.were nqtready, and the Secretary was not present nor had he sent any explanation. The meeting was consequently adjourned for a week. FOOTBALL MEBTXNG.—A meeting of the Young Turin Football Club was heid in Institute. Moonta, on Wednesday evening last. The attendance was very fair. The following pfficers wereelected for the en suing year—Patrons, Dr. James, and Jas M. Symons ; Presidents, Capt. Hancock, and Messrs. Donaldson and Andrews Vice-presidents, Messrs Jas. Harris, Nan kervit, Dr. Archer, L. F. Richards, J. Herbert, 0\. Hall, Jno. Symons, W. O. Rowe Stratton, D. Dunn, and Phil. Walsh Captain, Joe Brown; Vice-captain, E, Beythien; Sesretary and treasurer, F, Scott Broad ; Committee, Secretary, two captains, J. Metherall and J. Richards Auditors, E. Beythien and F. Fdwards ; Field umpires Messrs. Moreton and "Knight, Goal umpires, G. Metherall and J.; Saunders; Delegates for Association meetings, first meeting, F. Edwards, two captains. and Secretary ; after meeting, two captains and Secretary. WHAT CONSTITUTES A RUBBLE ROAD,—. The Surveyor of the Y.P- Council is new to the Peninsula having lately come from Broken Hill. He finds that we have twe kinds of road—rabble and metal. and on Monday last he wanted to know from the Council what constitutes rubble. Mr. Hall thought it should be screened gravel or stone, which everyone knows is metal. The Couneil seemed quite unable or un- willing to assist the Surveyor and allowed him to'nse his own discretion on a matter he did not understand. No one understands much more about road making androsd material than Mr. Toisell, the chairman of the Council, but he was silent on the matter. It will be unfair to contractors to call for tenders for rubble if the. Surveyor is allowed to exoercise bis discretion in such a matter. Rubble asunderstood on the Peninsula is never screened, the top soil is removed asfar down as the atone, and then stone and marl are taken out together, the stone breken to the 2§ inch guage and the whole piled for measurement or carted and measured in drays as Mr. Phillips does. There must be no too soil nor any clay from below, the rest is generally understood to form rubble. We believe Mr. T. Jones, sea., was'tfae first to use it in this fashion on the Peninsula. THE AMBER AND HIS ENGLISH EN- GINK**.—Mr. Pyne, the English engineer who manages the Ameer's workshops at Kabul, passed through India recently on his way home ior a well earned holiday. He is an enthusiastic admirer of Abdurrahman, and says that the peaceful industries he has been instrumental in introducing into his capital are ^having a wonderfniy civilising influence on the turbulent Afghans, According to Mr. Pyne, the Ameer regards the Ruasiaus with intense dislike and suspicion. He learned their character during his years of exile, and told Mr. Pyne with evident relish how, by pretending to a dulness of intel lect, he succeeded iu leading them to betray themselves in their true light. The Ameer seems to be a wag in his way. On one occasion he, after he had come to the throne, receive! a communication from the Russian Governor of Turkestan, atating that it was proposed to exercise some 600 artillery and cavalry on the Afghan frontier, and expressing a hope that it would not giro rise to apprehen* sion4 on the part of hid Highness. Ab- durrahman replied that he had no objectiort, because, as it happened, he was about to exercise 5,000 cavalry, artillery, and infantry on his side of the frontier at the same place, and there was plenty of room for both. The hint was enough. The Rnssians wrote tfaaalring the Ameer, tout intimating that they hsd found another site for their manoeuvres. TKEBIBLE FALL DOWN A COLLIERY SHAFT.—A few weeks ago a miraculous and almost incredable occurrence took place at the Barrow Collieries, Warsborough; about four miles from Barnsley. Shortly before four o'clock several workmen, including John Jackson, Israel Smith, blacksmiths, and James Fletcher and Edward Banks, were suspended in the Silkstone shaft on a scaffold about four or five yards from the surface taking : off the balance rope, when the clamps breke.. The rope struck banks and Fletcher, and the'workmen were horrified to see Banks disappear down the shaft, which is close on 500 yards deep. Fletcher fell partly on the scaffold, and was instantly elutched by Jackson, who prevented him from going down the shaft There were eight men in the pit bottom at the time attending to the other end of the rope, and Jackson at once shouted at the top of Ins voice " Ned has gone down the pit" He was, however, surprised to hear Bank's well- known voice reply '' I'm ell right, Jackson, lad. I'm going down to the bottom." As soon as possible a descent was made, and the the men were amazed to find Banks alive and apparently not much the worse for his singular •scape. His story is that in the course of his descent he turned two or three somersaults, and then clasped the conductor with one hand and elided to the pit bottom. His band was terribly lacerated, but he ascended and walked to his home near the colliery. Fletcher was conveyed home, and was attended by Dr. Ritchie, of Hoyland, who found his knee cap had been knooked off and his leg injured. UNIONISM. — The Adelaide correspon dent of the " Kapunda Herald" writes: —In this age of trades unionism it is a shock to hear of want of loyalty to it. It is stated that Moonta miners, who have lost so heavily by the strike, have swung to the other extreme of kicking their union. Our Cornish friends are accused but with what accuracy I know not, of Celtic intensity, which is measured by the foi'ce of reaction. In the Moonta cas9 it is doubtful whether there is any more wisdom in the rebound than in the original enthusiasm Because unionism has not been able to accomplish the impossible— make wages rise iu spite of lowering prices —there is no reason why it should be abandoned in respect to the possible—the mutual benefit aspects, as the fostering<>f sympathy and the provision against acoi dents, sickness, and loss by death. It is not, however, the Moonta miners ! had in mind in referring to the want of.loyalty, which is en almost pardonable wave of temporary revulsion of Bentiment.' But I am thinking of a non-society officej where recent vacancies were applied for by members passing for Jealous trades unionists. The incident is in keeping with the stery of^ propainentr figure ot tho^eteet, who< during a conflict^deidan^ed'. tbbe-jjut on strike pay OT he~^o«ld[ join the $>thln- side. He was put on, but^subgfquently made" to diggorg% but that^haa heeo" no bar to' his promotion -tp the swefets or office." ' AMMONIA TSRO^NG^A faihtonably-. dre8secT""mawied r wt>m%n, ' named Lizzie Jouea, 25/Of Grang'e liane, Didsbiary, was charged at the Manchester Coutkty Police;' Court recently ; with assaulting"' Lettia Swetenham by throwing . liquid ammonia: in her face at Didsbury, on the 23rd inst. Superintendent Bent informed the 'Bench: that from what the prosecutrix says it appears ihat .theprisoner sent a boy to ask.her to come to her\ house.. She sent word back by. the messenger that she was unable "to comb. - The prisoner, h<?we>er, was not content with/this, and again sent .the.boy.for the prosecutrix. "Mrs.Swetenham at length came, and the prisoner and she commenced drinking. Eventually they beth became intoxicated, and Mrs. Jones, fearing her husband ought ('come' and remonstrate: with her about her con- : dition; began wrangling with Mrs. Swetenham. The prosecutrix, apparently did not go as quickly as she might have done'; and a fight ensued. The prisoner^'pulled the prosecutrix about by: the hair of the head, and . otherwise . severely assaulted her.' Mrs. Jones was .next: seen to get hold of a bottle and; pour the contents on Mrs. Swetenham. The prosecutrix became unconscious, and the skin began to peel off her head and face: Tn fact, oh Sunday it was thought she might die, as she,- was unable - to see and unconncious? The Stipendary granted a remand until; a few days had elapsed. A YSAR'S STRIEBS AND LOCKS-OOT. —The report by Mr. J. : Burnett, the labor cor . respondent of the Board of Trade, says, the " Glasgow Mail,"respectingthe strikes and lock-outs which took place during the year 1890, has just been issued in the form of a blue book of fully 350 pages. The year 1890 was, says Mr. Burnett, undoubtedly a most prosperous one for the chief industries of the kingdom. In every department of labor the demand for workers was throughout vigorous and w«sll sustained, especially during the first seven months. The trade revival which began to show itself in 1887 seems to have reached its culminating point during the latter part of 1889 and the earlier half of 1890, and these two years are bracketed as two of the best years ever enjoyed by British labor. Every branch of trade of any importance shared in the general prosperity. The commencement of the period of trade revival in January, 1887, shows that then there were roughly l-10th of all the workers in the kingdom without employment, but that in September, 1891, the figure bad been reduced to a little less than l-20th out of work. Between these two periods therefore the labour matkel had passed from the depths of depression to the height of prosperity, whieh in its turn seems likely to be followed by less favorable conditions. There were visable in 1887 the evidences of slow but persistent recovery ; in 1838 the signs of rapid improvement continued right on to the closing month of 1889, when it wonld appear the demand for labour reached its highest point. During the first seven months of 1890 it remained absolutely steady at a high level, but from that point gradually began to fall away. With the year 1890 labour has much reason to be satisfied. By mesns of strikes 34,236 men obtained a total weekly gain of £8704. or 5s Id per man per week. The total loss ef wages incurred in the dock strikes was £104,919, or £3 Is 3£d per man. These losses are therefore assumed to be made up by 12 weeks' work at the increased rate. But in addition 21,190 men are said to hare secured jgainsamounting in the aggregate to £S285 per week. or4sll|d per man, without any strike ^whatever. These figures may or may not be strictly accurate, but at all events they show that the leaders of the unskilled labor movement, |by whom the figures are supplied feel that something was gained in 1890, These advantages were not, •£ course, obtained without some struggle and disturbance of friendly relations. The labor movement in 1889 was notable for the revolt of the unskilled laborers. In 1890 the Btrikes of unskilled labors were more numerous, and often obstinate and prolonged, but devoid of aovelty, excitement, and dramatic incidents ot the great strike of dockers in the previous year, and were but a continuation of the movemeet then commenced. In 1889 there were 1,145 strikers, and in 3,164 distinct estabhsments were concerned— the cotton trade heading the list with 13 per cent of the whole. Compared with Wales and Ireland, England and Scotland did not in 1890 contribute so large a proportion to the total of strikes as they did in 1889. The most prolific source of disputes had reference to an advance of wages, though during the year 1890 the strikes against reductions of wages were more numerous than in the previous year. Nearly sixty per cent of the strikes arising from attempted reduction of wages wire" successful, 16 per cent were partially successful, and 33 per cent were not at all successful. Of the strikes for advance of wageB those entirely successful amounted to 41 per cent, 27 per cent were onlj partially successful, and 21 per cent failed. Respecting the hours of labor, the strikes during 1890 show a successful result equivalent to 43£ per cent, while 26 per cent were partially successful, and 21 per cent were unsuccessful. The successful strikes vastly outweigh those which were not successful—the proportion engaged in successful and partially successful strikes being just over 71 per cent. United Friendly Societies Demonstration on Good Friday. INSURANCE. — Pencil writing to the Kapunda paper says :—" If I were an insurance autocrat, I would open up new and excellent business by taking all the lives of the young women of South Australia, which could be had by means of a gentleman canvasser and a lady doctor. It is singular how few women are insured, especially considering the fact that they live longer than men, but the chief reason is that it iB difficult for the male doctor to make the examination necessary to detect flaws in the records. At present societies are shy of proposals from wives, because there is often a special reason with the husbands for making them. It would, however, be a good line for a large society to put a promising young' lady through a medical training for the business of examining applicants of her sex for life polieies. Though the lady canvasser might be acceptable with mothers, a gentleman would probably draw forth many pre posals from the more unsophisticated folk. I do not make nny charge for the hint to energetic insurance managers, but there is money in it." 