TWISTER'S PATIENT. ?^VR, ERASMUS TWISTER was seated in his eeusulfcing-rooin counting up his fees, when his much be-buttoned boy brought him a card. "Ah! Dr. Brings is in the waiting-room ?" asked the great Twister, after reading the came. " Yussir.* "Good! When I sound tlie gong show fiim in." " Yussir.5' And the boy of many buttons retired. The well-to-do doctor looked at the card and chuckled. He put away his fees, . and looked at his watch. He had nothing to do, but it would be in very bad taste to let his young rival know that ; so he kept-him waiting in the adjoining room while he trimmed his nails, yawned, turned over the pages of an illustrated .magazine, and yawned again. Once more'he looked at his watch, and as he had kept his -visitor wait ing twenty minutes he sounded the gong, and taking a sheet of paper began to wriie'a prescription. : - "i Buttons introduced Dr. Briggs-a young man of thirty or thereabouts; thin, anxious, ?with carefully-brushed clothes ©f professional cut, a little worn and: shiny bere and fcfeere. "Good morning, Mr. Ah j ? "Brigss." ; ' c~~ -v . ," Mr. Briggs, to be ;-sure.~ Kindly take a Eeat-I shall be disengaged in i>ne minute." " Don't harry on my'sLccoupt. I beg.'- : _ "Thank you. Hum-yes-^ah-just so.3' And then the elder doctor put away his paper, and turning his chair round faced his visitor with the most affable smile, and said, "Andnow, Mr. Briggs, how are we this morning? How are we getting on with our new practice, hey 2 Lots of patients-lots of fees-risingman---brilliantprospects, hey?" "No, sir. Up to the present time I have not taken a single fee. - Jones., who sold me the practice, cheated me. ,sir. I trusted his word, a»d I have been shamefully deceived." " Fm very, grieved to hear this. Tut! tut! very distressing indeed. And you siave a wife and a young family-two or 4hree children, Mr. Briggs?" " Three, sir. My wife's money and my awn at e sunk in this practice, and the con stant anxiety and disappointment are break ing our hearts, sir-slowly." "Dear, dear. Very shocking, to be sure. What,not one patient ?" The doctor tried to look as if. he regretted his brother practi tioners ill fortune. " One only, "sir, and it ie not certain .that I shall get anything out of that one, without your assistance." " Anything, in reason, that I can do you may be sure I shall do willingly. Any thing in reason.5' ~ ' " I will explain it to you," said Dr. Briggs, ? end after a pause he proceeded' with some embarrassment-" the case is a peculiar one. I am commissioned to find an authorised medical man to act with me in certifying the insanity of a young woman, whose pareuts desire to place her in a lunatic asylum." Mr. Briggs dropped his eyes to the floor j Dr. Twister regarded him with a glance, of suspicion. " Nothing can be more simple, my', dear Mr. Briggs, and I shall have great pleasure in acting with you if I find that the young woman you speak ofis insane-and of course you would not make such a-proposal to me unless you were perfectly convinced of the fact yourself." "That is the difficulty, sir," said Dr. Briggs. " The young woman is perfectly reasonable on every point save one ; and on that she is as ~ mad as «an br-. She insists that her father and mother are .conspiring to put her in an asylum in order that they may get the handling of a large sum of money come fifteen or twenty thousand pounds which becomes hers at the. age: of ?twenty one." "is it a fact that she is heiress to that fortune?" " . " Her father andinotiier strenuously deny it. They declare she "has no money and never will have." ;* " Do you believe the daughter is mad ?" asked Dr. Twister, fixing his eyes on the unfortuuate and needy young practitioner. Dr. Briggs shifted uneasily on > his chair under this scrutiny, and repUed evasively " In-the absence of proof to show that the father and mother are liars I am bound to believe them; and, believing them, l ean only regard the girl's assertion asapfool of insanity." " Very true." Dr. Twister was far too prudent a doctor to let his suspicions be seen. "Unfortunately," said Dr.. Briggs, "unfor tunately the appearance of the parents is against them." " How, my youhg friend ?" " In confidence I must inform you, sir, that Mr. and Mrs. Barker-that is their name-are the most villainous-looking couple I have ever seen. One would be] inclined to believe the daughter rather than I the parents-if one alloived . oneself to be! prejudiced by appearances." " Of course, appearances 111 many cases | are deceiving. Miss Barker is not repul-1 Bivel" ? _ j " .Not at alL 'She is plain, but her con dition excites compassion.' She is young, and she.is emotional, .1 admit that nine out of ten doctors would sympathise with her, and agree that her parents were conspiring infamously to destroy her for their "own base ends. I admit, sir. that I hesitated to accept the commission offered me, and that I should j fear resentment from any doctor but you, . who know my position, and how necessary a ' patient is to my existence. I knew that at least I might depend upon your impartial j consideration of the case if 'I laid' it before j you." ( " You did quite right. I shall be at < Jiberty to-morrow afternoon, and we will go together and see Miss Barker. Depend upon it, I will consider her case with strict impar tiality." Dr. Twister sounded the gong and rose. Dr. Briggs expressed profuse thanks. "Two o'clock - afternoon -to-morrow," Eaid Dr. Twister, smiling blandly, as Dr. Briggs, fumbling with his hat, bowed him self out of the room. " Hm !" said Dr. Twister, .when he was *lone. "This will about finish my pre Suuiptious young rival ! If, as I expect, I j find that he is trying to shut up a. poor girl j in an asylum, my lady patients shall know j it, and there'll be. an end of- any sympathy with my young friend, Dr. Briggs." At two o'clock the following: day the two doctors repaired ! 11 Dr. Twister's " pill-box " to the outskirts of the town where the Barkers lived. They stopped before the great iron gates of a "ragged, uncultivated garden, which surrounded- a dilapidated fLnd long uninhabited house. A murder had been committed in the house, and the ghost of the murdered individual was said to haunt the place. For this reason,- or because of its particularly gloomy and dismal appear ance, the house had been to let forfive years. If Miss Barker was not' actually mad, incarceration iii such a' prison would be likely to make her so. This was thethought that passed through Dr- -Twister's mind *s he looked through the. .gates and across fche weedy space at the ^weather-stained house with its curtaiuLfess=w3ndows. A high wall skirted th&grouiSs; j x the gates were locked. . .. _ .. "c J ." Dr- Briggs pulleri the jjiefce of string tHat. communicated yithv (lie; ,£bell.$ .^thc bell; answered with a%ot^l3^a'-funerai"knel!., A bent woman, widTlkgged grey hair, und a coloured handkei'c'hiefcbound over one | eye, came from the house; ., "Mrs. Barker," whii-peteji Dr. Briggs. "Hm. Husband's been beating her, I juppose?" "I don't know. Her eye was all right yesterday." " Oh, it's you, is it ?" said Mrs. Barker, feeing Dr. Briggs,. and then she slowly 1 unlocked the gate, and took care to reloiik; jfc wbfB tbe two doctors had passed through, j "Is Mr. Barter at tome?" asked Dr. Briggs. ? , " Yes. You'll find "him in the front room. I'm a doing a bit o' washing ' She pointed to a tow of ragged stockings and shirts dangling on a line stretched between two stunted trees. "Soiwoa't ti-ouble to go indoors if you can find your way.*3 "lean find my way perfectly well," said Dr. Briggs.; and he led Dr. Twister up the steps, across the unswept hall, and into the front room. Three chairs and a deal table constituted the furniture. A pewter pot and a clay pipe lay upon the table, and in one of the chairs sat a man in "his suirt sleeves sleeping, with his chin on his bre;tsi. . A inore blotchy,villainous-looting man could not be imagined. ' "Mr. Barker,"whispered Dr. Brings, and I thfen he began to serapo his feet and cough to signify his presence. Mr. Barker with a loud grunt: raided his head, looked at his visitors stupidly through ; his half-closed eyes a-minute, and then said, as he suddenly recognised Dr. Briggs, "Ask your pardon, gents. i didu't 'suect you quite :s early. If ray wife wasn't such ai» old fool she'd a let -me know." W ith many apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on .-the coafc which lay on the fioor, and j smoothed down his short; stubborn crop of hair. ^ . J " I suppose you would like to see Martha," j said he, when these personal attentions were j completed. Of course ; and the sooner the better, if you please,'! said Dr. Twister, majes- | tically. , _ V: - ' , . ?? s "*l ? .= " I'm" 'bleeged .for to keep her Jockea-sup^ in 'case she should break out voilent, dojri ye know," said Mr. Barker, taking the key off a nail in the wall. He led the way upstairs, unlocked a door, and, throwing it open, revealed his* daughter. ; " She was a pale, thin girl, very neatly and simply dressed ; she sat by theopen window, which overlooked a brickfield, and had a book in her hand. '» Dr. Twister regarded her for two minutes in silence, and then turning to Mt. Barker and Dr. Briggs, he said, very coldly "I wish to make my examination in private. Allow me to close the door.3' This he did, leaving Mr. Barker and Dr. Eriggs on the outer side. Dr. Twister was closeted with Miss Barker for a long time. " I canuot form an opinion as to the state of Miss Barker's mind until I have seen her several times," said he to Mr Barker. "I shall call again about this hour to-morrow In the meantime, you must give her as much liberty as she requires, that I may see if that diminishes the hallucination-if hallucina tion it be-under which she at present suffers." " Liberty, sir," said Mr. Barker. "You don't suppose I'm going to lay. myself open to all manner of trouble on account of her violence, do you ?3 " I will answer for it that she is not -violent. No doctor-that is, no doctor with a reputation to sustain-will giveaccrtificate until he has proved to his own satisfaction that his patient's disease is not curable by simple remedies." " Well, I don't mind letting her have the run of the garden." , 'That will suffice. Now, I am to under stand "from you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your daughter's statement with regard to the .inheritance of her aunt's property ? " " Why, blow me, she ain't got no aunt-' and never had one, as I know on. I can't isay no more than that. As I said to Dr. Briggs here, I can't prove that nothing ain't which never wasn't, except by saying of it, can I " Very good. I shall require that state ment in writing, to-morrow." . " I don't mind putting my hand to paper as fur as that goes," said Mr. Barker, after some consideration. The doctor made a short bow, and retired with Dr. Briggs. "Myyoung friend," said Dr. Twister, when they were.jseated in the brougham, " this is one r of the clearest. attempts at fraud which ever came under my notice; and were it not for consideration of your innocent wife and children, I should denounce you at once as a participator in this most-infamous conspiracy; . ^ - " Oh, my dear sir, I beg you to have mercy on my poor wife, Jiid to think ,of my desperate situation." "I do. I also think with emotions of the tenderest kind of that unhappy young woman.-".. " '"'You think there is not the slightest cause for, considering her a lunatic." " Not the slightest in the world. She is as sane as !? am. But what might result from the treatment of such a villain as her father I will not undertake to say. From such a fate I am resolved to save her if it is possible." "How, sir?' " That is my secret," said Dr. Twister. : As you value my mercy, and as you dread 1 exposure, you will second the-efforts I make i 011 behalf of that poor girl."' j " Be assured, sir. that I shall." 1 * * " " ' * - *' ; Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen visits to I Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to 'Mr. Barker. -He undertook to take charge J of Miss Barker for twelve months free of j expense. But as Martha would be 21in j six months, her father emphatically refused j to accept the offer. " She is my daughter," j said be, " and she don't leave me until she J enters a proper asylum. Not she." Then Dr. Twister made a strong resolve, j " Mr. Briggs," said he, after paying the ? seventh visit to Miss Barker, " I am resolved to save that girl at any cost, and I make no hesitation of disclosing my plan to you, as I I can punish you at any moment by revealing your part in this nefarious scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you refuse to assist ray project." ' "I am iu your hands, sir, and my conduct will prove my gratitude better than my words." - " Good. Now, I have arranged with Miss i Barker-whom I find to be a young woman of decent education, of good feeling, and not unpleasing appearance-to escape from her father's custody. Further, I have obtained a license and shall make her my wife. To-niglit, by means of a ladder, I shall carry her off, and to-morrow I shall have a legal right to protect her, and save her fortune from falling, into the hands of that scoundrel her father. This will necessarily take me away from my patients for a couple of days at the least. During that time you will attend to them-and little as you may expect such generosity-I shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with me this afternoon, and you will carry out my instruc tions with the utmost care." Dr. Briggs overwhelmed his maguanimous rival with the expressions of his gratitude, and called Heaven to aid the successful carrying out of the great Dr. Twister's humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried oft' Martha Barker and made her his wife. He was in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and his patients, and finding that everything was going on as well as could be wished, he extended the length of his honeymoon. Indeed, with a wife who would soon be in legal possession of eighteen thousand pounds ! he could afford to neglect his practice, and I take that holiday which he had so long | denied himself. He found his wife a .very, j-igreeable woman,-and had no reason to j repent his marriage until towards the end; of j the month, when his wife exhibited symptoms 1 of a most alarming kind. She said she felt ] much better. The change had done her I good ; and she began to doubt the truth of !that statement she had made in her illness. In fact, she felt sure that her dear " Ras.-y " : need not trouble himself to send for a lawyer to investigate her case and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she had no rich aunt, and that her supposition as to the inheritance was but an idle fancy, which would not longer trouble her now ; that she was settled and happy. I g » « « t Meanwhile, Dr. Briggs was becoming fete idol of Dr. Twister's patients, and . the best part of them declared that henceforth they would never have that stupid old doctor, with his pompous airs and noxious ineffica cious drugs to attend them. This was very agreeable to poor Charlie Briggs. and he spent many a pleasant even ing with his old friends, J. D. Barber (of I the T.R. Mnshborongh) and bis -wife-who without their wigs and paint looked no niore villainous than any other pair of low comedians-in congratulating- themselves on the happy idea which had occurred to them | in the time of their adversity, whereby Dr. ' Briggs had obtained a practice, and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, a well-to-do husband for their poor, plain Martha. For the blow which Dr. Twister had incurred there was no remedy but time. ' It | would have ruined him to expose the'facts, aud although he saw plainly that he had | been duped, he never attempted to punish those who had taken him in,for their retalia tion was to be feared. He was very bitter -with his" wife for some time, but he wisely decided after awhile to make the best of a bad bargain; and Martha responded so readily to his kinder overtures, and showed herself-as many plain wives do-such an amiable, considerate, and lively companion, that he came in the course of time to regard j his'bargain as a good one after all. One | thing it did, it taught himi humanity, and | the result of that lesson is that sometimes j the two doctors, their wives and children, ! and Mr. and Mrs. Barber,-sit down to dinner at ;-the same table-and ®njoy it. -Man of. the.'World. £ PHENOMENAL HORSEMAN.: ?:| . 1 The greatest physical achievement ever ! accomplisbediu America was the ride of F. i X. Aubrev from the plaza of Santa F£, j to the public square at Independence, ] jMo., a distance of- nearly eight hundred! miles, through a country a large part of which was then a sandy desert, and inhabi ted by warlike Indians. i It was in the year 1851. Aubrey vraa & j I short, heavy-set man, 38 years of age, in the prime of manhood and: I strength. His business for ten 'years as a, ! Santa Fe trader had made him perfectly i I familiar with the trail and all the stopping places. He was a perfect horseman, and although there were great riders in those i days, none of them cared to dispute the j palm with Aubrey. Tor a wager of £200 he . undertook to ride alone from Santa JT^ to; Independence in less than six day. He sent half-a-dozen of his swiftest horses ahead to be stationed at different points for use in the ride. He left Santa Fe atasweeping gallop, and that was the pace he kept up during nearly every hour of the time until he fell fainting from his foam-covered horse in the square at Independence. \- It took him just-five days and nineteen hours to perform the feat, and it cost the lives of several of his best horses. After being: carried into a room of the old hotel at ' independence, Aubrey lay for forty-eight j hours in a dead stupor before he came to his | senses; He would never have recovered from the shock had-it not been for his won derful constitution. The feat was unani mously regarded by Western men as the greatest exhibition of strength and endur ance ever known on the plains. After his ride he became the lion of the West, and was dined and feted at St. Louis as though he had been a conquering bero. He finally met bis death at the hands of a! friend. One day, in 1854, in an altercation j with Major Richard H. Weightman, the j great rider was stabbed to the heart, and j dropped dead in a Santa Fe saloon. He was i buried in an unknown grave, and all that is remembered of him is hi« remarkable ride* fVAIRLY GOOD FISHING. COLONTr. T. P. Keator is the biggest li-, I jpean the best story-teller, and the best advertising man, who evec escaped from Congress. '' Bid you find good fishing out there?" nquired a friend, shortly after the Colonel's return from the State of Washington. " Well, yes ; pretty fair. But at first! thought it was a poor country, for I threw a fly for a whole day in Snoqualame- river, and only caught twenty mountain trpnt. That discouraged me. Didn't try it again) until the salmon trout began1 to run. | . '. \'ou found it better then ?" suggested ; the friend. j \- " Yes ; a trifle. We were at Blaek Jack f Creek, near Sidney. There were several fish there. The fact is, that when we wanted to cross the stream, we found no difficulty in using the backs of the salmon for stepping stones. Passed over dry-shod every time ! We took a couple pitchforks, and loaded a lumber waggon- box full in three hours. Haven't done such work since I helped in the liavfield when a boy." " Was that the extent of your Washing ton fishing?" inquired the friend. "No. We stopped off on the other slope of the Cascade Range, and tried our luck in the Green river. But there's no sport in fishing in that stream." " That's queer," exclaimed the friend. "I supposed that was one of the best trout streams in Washington. Perhaps you hap pened to strike it on a day when the fish were lazy." " Lazy, great heavens! Why, man alive! the fish there are absolutely savage. We actually had to get behind a tree for a chance to bait our hooks. No, sir, there's no sport for me in that kind of fishing." A GREAT SCHEME. " I SAT, old man, could you let me have a half-sov. until to-morrow?" said Williamson to M'Droutb, as he met that gentleman coming out of a public-house the other morning. " I came down town without my purse through mistake; but if you can lend me half a sov. that will do me for to-day." " Awfully 'sorry," was the reply; " but I've only got a five-pound note, and I don't wan't to break it.'" Why ?" asked the other. "Well," rejoined M'Droutb "it's this way : It wants an hour of mid-day yet, and "since eight o'clock I've had six beers and two glasses of whisky on that £5 note, and the scheme's too good to spoil." " I don't understand," remarked William son, with a puzzled expression. "Don't you?" retorted Mac. "Man alive! it's quite simple. I called for whatever I wanted in each case, drank it, and threw down the £5 note in payment. In every pub I've tried yet the bar keeper had no change. Sec? Ta, ta. Must be going." IT WAS AN ACCIDENT. " I understand," remarked the polite reporter to the close-mouthed manager of a western railroad noted for its poor time, " that there was an accident on your road last night." " Oh, do you ?" was the sarcastic reply " Yes, sir," " Do you know anything about it ? " " Only that it happened to the train which was due here at 8.15." " That train came in promptly on time, sir," said the manager firmly. " Are you sure of that ? " " Of course I am." "Thanks. That must have , been the; accident referred to," and the reporter" dodged out safely. j She (at her desk): "Dear, please tell me i how to spell costume. I'm writing ta mother j about my lovely new gown." He: " Well, are you ready ?' She: "Yes." He: " C-o-s-t, cost." She: "Yes." He-. " T-o, to." She: "Well?" He: " M-e, me-£20, as yet unpaid." She: You'll a wretch." 