WIT AND HUMOUR. "Its a solemn thing, young man," said tho broken-hearted father, ' to como into the homo of an old man and tako away his only daughter, the light of his household, and tho nroD and solace of his dcoHnincr venrs. Bat yon havo niy blessing, and I wish you every joy nod " " Bat I won't tako her away, sir," Interrupted the yoong man, Incxpres- albljr. affected. Wo'll both stay here. JeHK, I wish yon wouldn't .go to balls and parties; it is very bad indeed;" " Father, didn't yon and mother go to balls and parties, when yon wero young 1" " Yes; my son, bat wu havo' seen the folly of IV " Well, I want to sbo tho folly of it, too, father." Quest: "I Bay," landlord, your food' is worso tl;an it .was,las't yearl", Landlord : "Impouiblo, sir !" " You-arc married now, Mr Gazloy," said a lifc-ineuranco agent to a nowly-mado Benedict, .'.'and you really ought to tako qnt a policy on your life." — " Gracious 1" implied. Qftzloy; frightened, "ia it likely to prove fatal?" ; Two tramps, onao£ thorn a young man, tho other well' advanced in life) had just left a house where they had boon supplied with a ; bountiful dinner. " I say Bill," queried tho t yoijngcr 'of the " where do you s'poso we'll get our supper ?J'-r»Tho old tramp, turned on him in. disgust » " Roto you'v/3 just. had your dinner, " ho said, "and yoqvbpgjn to wotider-wheris sup.S-f ithat't frlgAxxiJ jumaua>ui7n yon re £04 TOuqg.iyuer, ypu. nnd b6ttor quit tho prorcssiba And go to work,1' ' ' ' ' "Yes," said tho" merchant; "I' always mark tho most expensivo of my goods as 'sold' during tho holiday season. Then wlion women read tho signs it makos them 'crazy to havo tho samo article, and thoy aro so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another — which, of course, I havo no troablo in doing. Oh, ife a great scheme, I toll you, and novcr foils." Labor Aoitator i " My friend, aro you not ia favour of tho eight-hour move- 1 taent P"— Abo Lazy (tho tramp) : " Move ment I who over heard of me boin' in favour of any kind of movement P" Littlr Tommy was having his hair combed by his mother, and ho grumbled at tho operation. "Why, Tommy, you oughtn t to make such a fuss. I don't, when my hair is combed."— "Yes, but your hair ain't hitohod to your head." . Sccme (deck of steamer, which is passing through tho Sound of Mull). English tourist (to Gorman do.) : " You seem to hr.vo been greatly bonefitcd by your sea voyage." —German tourist: "Veil, mino vrondt, you vos sco 1 had boon boddcr as good a a firadradot budt von i vos leave home, och ! I becd oo bat, all dcr doctors in tho vorldt couldt do-'tno no harm ! " A. PnoDLEH.— "Papa."— " Well ?" — "Do cardinals dare to wear their red hats in tho prcscnco of a papal bull P" Ratfter Strakob.— " I'm surprised at the noiao that Niagara makes." — " Why P" — " You'd- think tncro was enough water thcro to drown tho sound." "Vb must begin and tut down our oxpenses, Jakey.', — " Vat for, fodder P. Pizucss is goot." — " Yah, Jakoy. And vo must make it a leotlo potter 1" A Reasonable Request. — " What can I . do to induco you to go to bod now P." . asked a fphd mamma of hor fivo-year- old ; boy.—" You can lot mo ait up a little longer, "'was tho youngster's reply. "What is tho matter, landlord PjYou seom, greatly upsot." — "And fpr a "very 'ood-rbAson, sir! ' Inthoruiiisyou havo jusfc been shown over'thoro waa'a ghost that brought us a crowd of sight-seers." — ' Well P"— " Why, ho has just given mo notice to quit at the quarter's end !" "I don't think much of that feller Brown -you introduced mo to tho othor night."— "You aro very candid. Wby do you disliko him P"— ' " Ob, you con argue with him all day long, and you can't con vince him of tho simplest point. Ho makes ine sick." — " Makes yon sick ? Ah,, yes,- 1 see. In othor- worfy' ho disagrees with you." v Alumnus (meotjhg His old professor, affor.grtefin)' ||X'm-glad.to hear. Pro fessor, that you artf &oiug; to lecture in our town on your favourite ojdtitno topio." — Professor: "Yea, yes. But I have 'divested it. of technicalities— in fact, recast -it— so that it will reach all porsona-of very limited acquirements. ,-Hopo to see you there." ... Pomtoub Highland- Laird (to.strango policeman, who has dared to pass thy great man without touching his hat) : " A constable ought to .bo'the very Vpink of politeness, and should touch bis hat to his fluporior. IamthaMactoiianofMactartau, and all tbeso mountains bolong tome, sir." .-rPolieomon : They're nao in; my beat, ;t)ji'dngh." ' ' i Advice. » . Here's a piece of advice : To put in your casket — That is, never bo foolish8 , .. Enough toask.it. -Pontenelle, when ninety years old. pasea before sime.1 ueivocius .wicnouc per ceiving her. "Ahl" cHdd tKo tfld.lndyj "that is your gallantry, thon? \Tp' pass before mo without 'evon looking an thel"— "If I had lnokediat you, madamo, replied ti)6 old beau, ".1 4coiild never havh passed ypu at all.'-' ' « tAmxBLiUNi, . te banker, > notorious. nuBor/entorcd thp office, andvery carefully i went through -all work don 6 by his' youngest elork. Howas perfectly satisfied, and said to tho young man » " What salary do yon g<3t froqj iu$.- firm ?"— ' ffUp tho ' ptesont, .nothing, jd£fror."—"«yj5ry good. From rite first ; ot )®et month I ayflLl ,sco .tlfat jt iif'doubftfd.'r . . ,...£; .,-r.-,r-iT . "ThIt folipH Hall, -fcught t» banished/from ptntososieth hb'eapprfcfit' booby."f-»" Howb, Mrouhof ' — 'Ycra remember that 'bok tjioU-mhdo atfdinnor ? — "Yes."— " WelJ, bewn' ill-manhorcd' onough to ask jl vycs original with my. That shows howv unsophisticated ho js."-- y Ycs, nobody hat an ignpram'ua could have thought you wqro gianoy flmithV ' How He CAtyE Bis 2Tamb.— Tliero is a man. in- Washington wljo hoqa most uncommon namo:, and n noiYBpapcr in the city tells how' hh -came by it His mother was on tho lookMJut for something original, and one day, boforo his christening, she noticed on thodoorof a; buildlng the .word "Nosmo." This struck her fafaoy. Now for a mldilo name I Later, comio along by tbo same building, sbo saw oa tboldoor the name " King." Ab, this was what she wanted l "Nosrao Ting Jones' bo shall bel" sho said ; and ho was christened so. On tho why homo from the cbarob sho passed tho same building again. The doors wore all shut, and, behold, those with the names on them which she had selected had on them now, hot " Nosmo King," but V No Smoking !"— and hor heart was broken. , A oeutain doctor who was noted for a keen oyo to business was driving along tbo street of a country town when his bono took fright and ran away.' Ho was thrown violently oilt of his trap andrenderedsenselcss. Presently he recovered a little from bis unconsciousness, and, noticing the crowd which had gathorcd about bio, asked, " What's tho matter, gentle men? Anybody hurt? IamDrB. Can! bo of any service? A pooa Irishman had a little shoemaker's shop whore for many years ho pUed his trado, earning an honest living. One day he was amused to see oh the opposito side of tho street a sign which rcaa, 41 Hons. Laf&rge;, shoemaker, just from Paris." He 'was very iediffuant,and felt that monqloar was poaob- log on his grounds. The next day ho'canio out with a sign which read, Pat Connolly; shoomakor— novcr saw Paris, but defies com petition."' 