A Farce of Circumstance. Mr. Harold M. Mackenzie has missed a grand opportunity of becoming famous. The announcement that he had written an "entirely new and original dramatic skit," with the suggestive title of The Landslip, or Ter-ra-ra-boom-decay, which was to be performed by such efficient actors as Messrs. Brough, Boucicault, Cecil Ward, and other members, of the Bijou Theatre company, roused a great amount of pleasurable excitement, not only amongst regular theatre-goers, but also amongst the large class of people who are in that state of mind over their losses in the land boom that they "don't know whether to laugh or cry." The theatre was crowded on Monday night, conspicuous amongst the occupants of the dress circle being notorious boomers, members of the legislature, lawyers and doctors, all more or less prominent in connection with the boom. Perhaps some of these people were in dread of seeing them selves travestied and went to see whether the satire was sufficiently strong to be termed a libel, and if so it must have been a relief to them to find the only recognisable character was Mr. Brough, "made up" to resemble Mr. James Munro, and the only allusion to the company swindling contained in his name, Sir Richard Holdscrip, and his statement that he held enough shares to print a daily paper for years. The three years of the land boom are replete with incidents, comical and tragical, any one of which would furnish a capital plot, yet Mr. Mackenzie has failed to travel out of the threadbare device of a long-lost, brother, an eloping daughter, and a fabulously rich suitor. Think what a farce could be constructed out of the story of the young footballer appointed a clerk in a land company to insure his playing against his patron's rival club, and who made a fortune by speculating on the Stock Exchange with the shares he held as dummy for his employers. Then there was the Chadband who got his congregation to take shares in a quarry, which he sold to them at ten times its value, under the impression that he had induced a few boomers to devote £10,000 to church building with their stone. The various tradesmen, the small farmers and market gardeners who would have been almost millionaires if they had only got cash for their shares or the promissory notes they hold, would also furnish ample material for a farce. The story of a scavenger in one of the suburbs who actually got £10,000 cash for a paddock he used as a dumping ground, and the party he gave to celebrate his daughter's wedding with a greengrocer, is far more comical in its truth than an author would venture to invent. Mr. Mackenzie, however, has thrownaway his opportunities, and produced a farce with an immense amount of vapid, inconsequential talk, very little action, and incidents so hackneyed that their absurdity ceases to be amusing. The only two characters which gave the actors any opportunity for making fun were the Sir Richard Holdscrip of Mr. Brough and the Honourable Trevor Vaincourt of Mr. Cecil Ward. Mr. Brough's "make up" was a clever caricature of the Agent-General, and he sang a topical song with the verve which first made him popular in Melbourne, when he appeared as the Lord Chancellor in Iolanthe. The song was of the order which goes down in a pantomime, but sounds rather dreary at any other time. The funniest line was that alluding to the ecclesiastical architecture of the Gas Company's new offices, where the clerks were to wear surplices because it "improved their figures," and the bishop's sermons in future were to be "turned on at the meter." The dream of Sir Richard, where the ghosts of ruined shareholders appear to torment him, was the most original device of the plot, and Mr. Brough travestied the uneasy sleep of guilty conscience with considerable humour. Mr. Cecil Ward acted with admirable point the part of an imperturbable Englishman, of the class who believe it "bad form" to show any emotion on any occasion. His was the only part to which the author had applied appropriate dialogue, and Mr. Ward made good use of the phrsse, "I have a cheque (seventeen millions odd) for the exact amount in my pocket." Mr. Boucicault and Mr. Cannam represented two bailiffs who were being continuously ejected from Boomacre Hall. Their disguise and by-play was highly amusing, but they had very little to do in the way of acting. Miss Romer, as Lady Holdscrip, had very little to do. Miss Temple as their romantic daughter who elopes with the groom, acted the part with wild burlesque which proved very diverting. The audience was very lenient, readily laughing, and applauding the slightest "hit," but nevertheless the piece "dragged." The characters had too much to say and too little to do to keep the fun going. If the dialogue had been witty, the want of action would not have been felt so much, but characters exchanging vapid dialogue without the relief of farcical actions become very dreary to listen to. The next time Mr. Mackenzie essays dramatic literature he will have to meet a more critical audience, and if he desires to receive as flattering a call before the curtain as he obtained last Monday he wlll have to pay more attention to the great principle of play-writing, namely, that the soul of drama lays in the action of the play. 