H0BSR OF RIMMON. ; <t»ggQg!EHB«'BIACg<|X>PKTBY y KORBTW CTA ypmtnRTITRR ' ' w 8 JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, - .. ' '/'.J-f ' v Author of AUHT Sabokk'S XWOXKGAOIES," KM. ' GhiAj'iusi XLIL — rCoxmfxiEDV .' '..'i MUfc jMcrctons, my good friend," said the ffpatonec. "It ie as dark as the grave, this .roumry of jronxs. I am despair to find my way ; foMr.H«aibeef8." i Thsway isn't through pie," responded Mr.; vSanpler irately, and imagining for some reason that he recognised the voice. ""What .do, you Want with Mr. Backbit? , I belong to 'toat: . WeUj I am come to Wolverhampton," ' re- yffiedtto foragner <fidentially," fo'fio rome :. are not els-' Med'peopie notgivenpa roofea wit I toustpayfirst ; and the printer, he I . 3htiiig nrt gfagaffl? -And I amalisoLitely lam' without watch, udtowdrngs, wtoiehManweurthe pawnbroker urn possession of,At'thelast place 1 am in ; and a Rind gen.-' ttomnii to whom I erphunedmy difficnltyhas ' »m me you are agent tor a money-lending Simpler th6ni,;"Hackbifcwouldn't be too ; , pleased to havehiB private address given," and . wrondered who could havedone it. "B wonH not' matter so much," the foreigner went on, " bat I have anincum- . Inance with me, fothe shape of a woman who is no longer joang, and no longer pretty, who, Hfce. the chenibimr In ybirn ' Chnrch.; prayers, ' oontinnally dothcry 'J! and he waited evi- i dently expecting ;pity oh this point ; butMr. Bimpler onlylaughed. ' Isee yon have never been1 to' a uke situarion or "-you would hot sangn. xt is .no matter tor laugntsr, X will nssareyou." ; ' , "That's ail you knowabout it. Why don't ." yoa. get. rid of the woman ?" . ' - " Iluave already done so many times; but she Wsafineihstinct, she. She comes again ; wad fed, if she were inhergrave, she would come agahLihatwoman."; . " All Tight," said Bimpler ; " yon go np that ymyi"' -vaguely indicating, "and I'll follow . »' smu". . , : ... «Kyou hhve no Objection, I wilt wait for -. you. It is- not inviting, foat road; IhdVe , ; been everywhere, hat never have ! seenahv- thing lito this." -% ' - f "Bht lhavean dhjeetloii. You won't hurt yourself. Foreigners are always so rash." He had picked up toat word to the neighbour hood. .4If you do not object," said the foreigner, you wiii be so good as to lead me to a place sisafety a little further on, where I wllf remain . whSe you speak with ma'em'selle:?v . Bimpler was fimqus. ' Confound you;" he jamd, "what do you mean \- «ph, Ytoe«CTlCiB&'selle.waswaSing< S»eomeonh;1e|fiS;of'buflding.'' " It isn'tf or me; at devents,,,saM Simpler, tdtgalie. y '"Oh, thfen, If it is nbt for ybu,! will teU epoken with her, butShe is no Bimpler was "thinking, 44 HoW could he have . found that Out to the dark ?" and said so. . Pme"'jra 'iwffiug of shyness in her : rammer, "isaSd the foreigner, "andXdid gather ffomothOTfodications— — -" Bitoptor, decided that Boreas should wait it that mghf>ond wanton withithe foraigner lo Sisckbit'Sj .iriieie a loan nms arranged. CHAPTER TiXliT — A CosTEy Ukukf. ' The fittle matter of husiiiess Monsieur Felbois -. wril 'to'trahsactfedthlgr. HackKt 'wasarrtinged hiihidly in-Biat jeeafcahan's- absmce. Ejezish had hemi ap at her xnother'aall day, so Mr. Sadfple oprtamtyo loolang aver .. sffl hCT l»tonging8, iihagining that he might ' discover sotne .preparaiaons ior flight. Bat he ;V: wma ' disappoimtea.' He found i nolMng £a ; jCmMihB orderly drawers and boxes hot jmbst natural and ordinary things. Xneon- ' sdatont as it must appear, he was angry at not hwdmg what he " had sought, and a reeolve \- came , into lus mind, - without his being per- Bifeitly amwaiiMirfiti: Tf |»np1« pnUXmrnaalyca inn frame of mind to aoatoini they are i»a(ty sureto £nd tmopporounty, andtoem- >- wdves prepared toact. ; - Hiscalht's oortunity came, this' night. Keaiah' had retumedin time for-Bupper,which tadheput ofP owing to ilz. BhnpWe and , JEs, Hackbit's BOU-eppearanc8.SQSB" vmd ' Xcwfewitr Pdboiscamernfir8t,;Mid: remained \- oSce spme tamB, th& foiiEignET gdmg > away brftme Hjackhif s return. I3iai gentie- a gre noisein theentiance-hall . . when he did. eome, and to all appearancehad ' : heon . drinking, again. He came in smiting, . yOBtas he always smiled when he was going to anything -reoiarkBhlyoftoiBive. " Wdl, Eunjder,'' hfe said sarcastically, " i made Eeter tip, aodlookedangry. -Yea- know the stock she comes of, Simpler,' he went on. " One 'of them, whose Scripture knowledge is great, said something about hot gaihmtogfiga from thistles. IwiBh . Xhad thought of that when Imarried my wife. We're iail fools till we learn. I took her for a' mint. : You know what she is, BSutoler. , Did' you ever seen man so infernally sold ?" Xeziah fixed her black oveB with wrathful ' totenstiy <m Hackhit's face" "What do you . araxzt to goad me to do ?" said she. < \- "'Is there anything yon are anxious to be goaded into doing P replied Hackbit, seatmg \- wjumalf in a chair, and tipping it np on the hind '"Ifceztahlooked as if about to quit thehoom, ?. hut dm changed her mind, and sat down. Sthe would hot have d<me so had she badtim what uudaMhir. . ' : Have you evmr heard the "toryahost my. . wife, Simpler ?" went on Hackbit, insolently. She had a sitnation at Leamington, and "managed to get over the medical man in at- ' - -tendance at the house, who was suteequentiy -taken up on a charge -of mtader. She then laid her traps for me, and here I am. Anyone snvht pity me.V " How dare you insult me so!" broke out Hmdah. She left the room, followed byinso- tmit laughter. -She did not appear again that wight A bed had been prepared for her pro perly in the spare room, since the mght she had lain there on the bare, bedstead. Hsrfth't went to bed father early, for him. Sot Mr Simpler had no notion of gding to hair He had seen Keziah a few days ago place w eheet of white paper under some stones. Hie vuBwninpd it: nothing was written on it. He had sat in his room silently for a long ' tun, when he heard a creaking upon thestairs. Somebody was going down; of course, it was Xezaah. He waited some timepaiientiy; hut he did not see her appear outsidp. He thought to himself, if she had gone to ;meet that fbllow Hbnirthy, they must have gtme- round to the hade of the back of the house ; bo he deter- xmned to go round and reconnoitre. The house was quite still. He thought he might venture to doit. - The landing window lay between the room where Keziah w&g; now sleeping and' the niht . misery. . He . thought,, if. they, were in the gaden.behind, h8u>old hear as well as see from this position. It was his hsdiit whenrhe wentinto a neyr house to try all the locks and ; aD the windowB, to learn if ' they- had any pecnliarity of opening and abutting. This he always managed to do in a natnr&l; manner. Causeqnently, he had ascertained that toe landing window wdnld open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly raised the window, and pot Ids head out. . He could see nothing, it was so dark. But then, he argued, "If I can see nothing, the same darkness repdersme innsible toothers, which is also' something." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voices. "I am afraid to stay in the same house with him," he heard Keziah say. " Yet if I freed myself, and went awav from him. than hn snd afl the wodd would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now," A low voioe answered, " Is my reputation worth more to me than you are, Kizzy ? You must come to me, if you have so much reason to fear. And why not? These laws aretnen's laws, and not God's. You aire mine by right. , "What does it matter what people say? You would go away, fax from toe reach" of their voices. It could not matter to you then." W H no one knew,. I should know," Was Ywwli'i reply. " No, I wili never do that. , If X leave my nusband's roof, you must promise sue fiuthfolly you will never see me ox speak to me again." She was so earnest that she could not hut promise. But he felt in his heart he Ud ftwmiuwd more than he could perform. In the haMSes of the soul it is a question of the right of the strongest; and love for Keziah, , add desire to possess her, were stronger ibis tufa with poor El worthy than any man-made lawh ... heard every word .of this, fSt ' . . hairllbeen having a very . good time; and As . -'V' toey cbaeed talking, and appeared to sepamtfl, be newly began to put down:toe window. Buteomethinghappenedlhat made stop aaddsaalyiatheeratipn. ' Sbmethi ng >peai8id ' " rtakroroannchnawiu'd hot help cing iiut, where&on; hfi whs seized by the throat andhair, aud ShhSen Sbostsaif lis had'toeu a pillow: after he- was flung -neon the landing, -and hca|ed the contents of a bucket,- v?hich nearly ehwdEed him. He could donothingbututl®rinaSxOT»te sound?, 'Nor did the' eXperTraicb teiimhSte-fcyot- ' Suddenly f»o.i feltlmniid f liflingraggeBpn the darkness, «lfmgHiBl<nifliiig intn his ohwom. Then' a voice ior the first taine accdsfed him. It was TWilsqn's. "Take that for a-ljssop, yen endak- mgeavesdroHper,"' she said'lod tellanyhody : about it if you VRsh to"— ihistin a tone that showed Silas plainly she was. toute - enough to know he would say nothing abfet it. He dragged himself up ftomlttie fioor after a moment or two, and 6tmck_a-tetch. His door was shut. - Bin -heard S wiping' of something -going on outside, and cohclud that Wilson . was -wiping -up the spilt . watr- He lit his - 'candle, and remembered savage? toat .he had. luanable to-httef-a .anything, and wish hehad toe tame ovbi-gan- Mr. Bimpler slowly a-nd witn -some of . his ordinary manner -advanced fcovrafds_ the glass, and looked at himself, which hecjfntinued todo for some minutes. Bw fara- lis4 'its normal brick-wall expression. length he began: — -"'.T." "Item -No. "I, cravat missing ditetti No. 2, black m-rlr on left eye .; item , 14- pcrtionfe. of hair missing; item No. 4, ®hiw front torn; nour me nneeiMa 1 tin SbilflAffit 5, largelump on back of head; <aast_see it, can! fe enough to make up for that a dreadful feeling along the. verbtonp,. horn top ; to bottom, indescribable, -can't either ; . item No. 7, a lae piece of- -cutgle miRsing under black eye, "will -necessitfidej piece' of phuster ; itetaNo.S,,' hfe --«aid,' to - take off his clothed, - every one of- JW things as ; wet as if I'd been s wimming in tHed; itsto. Nd. 9, can feel another lump ; coming 'pift-oyei the : left eye ; "item No. 10, air infemfelproadabhe, . All this to be pat on paper.'? ' > " " ; ' Mr. Himpler .wrapped himself n-p blanket, , Qfllt 111 Pi kfh 'Ariui'ii .tiie HriflVAta . book, to be xemembered aihslStpIU for ever , and while he wrote, Wfison iOfeated away all the . mesdr ahd wM'affiamBjhttdaag ; ;for Keziah to come in;; Ahd-'hbittt her: "exertions were over, and that shehsp had the pleasure she had longed for of givng-ltto " toat 3Simpler," a feeling of depresaon caine over her: She had heard Keziah's voite below. "Then-it is true,' she toought,:aHier all. " What a pity !" and she waited and watched for -Kezaahs coming in, But-Eerisia ferats gt toat moment heing'pereuaded- never tofcbme in any more, andfehuB was wayerui». j \- But she" and' Eupert had: heafd;me. cry; ' thoughtheyiiad iiot rebbgnised toevowe-; and toey - thought - they had been dmpvered. Keziah had clung, desperately to Buplixe ;arin < and he held her firmly, fcr' " Come- away, Kizzy, my dear IcyL-while topre is yet time. " If you go he wiUVlbarder you, now'he has discovered. Why shqfid you throw , yourself into toe -jaws of deafhit ran dom, -and ruin my life too, for sack avflkin as he isf r .Whaixouldthe world 6ay Sgauislyou ?, Theyj-know what, he is. Kizzy;"he graded-, So: litave, Vand have dazedfeoaiuch.' Godfe- dare. the world's opinion, and ge With me. I have plenty of money. I coulaget a practice abroad, earily. Think, let lovedjcide, to whom do ypn owe allegiance ? , To tojfljjnan,. who has done nothing to eam . it ; oTwme, who am ready to do everything for your mie ? You trusted yoorself to him ; dan you notlrust yourself to me ? : Think, Kizzy. allyoujave made -me -Buffer. . : Gan : you imane whjjLmy feelings must kayv l>een, to.mme;Odtoi pBBOU to find - thfehufe yvho -should havehem'tem-to- me, though iajlolse had failed— to -find yoBL|he- longing to-ahotherf- Do you hotoa me aBy thing, Kizzyj /for -loving you so after .afi tos ? Bat youmuBt decide how, this very- momato Someone will .he here. You must deqde between limand me.' Andnotwaitang fsn reply, he led her with his strong arm about mr, down the garden path and out aftoe gatik C ' She had been scarcely conscious of anything but toe strength of what he said,f£il now. tttK she was moving away. She stopped wifiSa new strength, and loosed , his arm hxim.hbogt her. " No," she said, "Ican bat die; , I wll foback. HewUlthinkati jthisevil againstnm le shall never have ieason. ' Sfece I jhayelbir you, my self-reject is the only thing hit and would you, who say you love me, "fobmk of toat ?" , . - / .- -/-JM He did not offer to take hold (fteraauB.! :w streak of light was beginning to. be visible m the -east, and the -objects in fche gaidpft bnm to be defined. " Oh 5" she eaid, ,wito; a toudder, " it is grpwing dsjdight ; nnnlhe moment and it would be top late formeito go balk." AnS even -wiiib toe spoke slm' fled away, and enteredfhehoaBe. Afeshewent fehe heard - a great sob' f pllow/ and it wrung- her heart. Sie. hesitated onexhomenL Is hfe worth this sacrifice,? she said to herself, " of! both our lives?" /But-even While toe tobnght, - a voice within her badfe her go batik. She en- tered the house. A tall figure intercepted her . path. j It was WOson. "Oh, Miss- Kizzy," she said, callmg her .by the old familiar 'name in a heart-broken kind of why, " I wouldn't havebelievedit of you, I wouldn't." ' Keziah, in her old impetuons flung her arms about Wilson, and cried upon her" shoulder. Do not judge me feo harshly," she said; " Yqu would not if you knpw alt" ; Wilson wasunrelenting though crying: she was angcy with Keziah, and as yet had no com prehension of the case. " I kuow appearances .are against me, and I cannot make yon believe in me. But I have done nothing so very wrong." " Oh, don't malm tight of it, miss. It can not be right, whichever Way youput it." " I know l ought not to have met him. I never shall ineethim again." . " It's too late to mend matters now," Raid Wilson. " Pm 'not the. Only one as hasseen you to-night, and has heard ail. ' ' \- "Do yon -mean my husband?" asked TTipT.inh, faindr. No," said Wilson, bitterly. " You might know who -it is— that Bimpler. And he will tell everythmg, aud it will bs just as bad." \- " Oh, Wilson, there's no pity for me in your tone. Dolnotdeservesomepity ?" " You've been drove to it, I know. But that never counts for much. ' The only thing as counts is that you've done it. And oh, that I should havB-livedto see this day !" " Shall I -go and tell my husband all about it before Mr. Bimpler can go to him y said Keziah, in a tone that might be used in a for lorn hope. Wilson hesitated. "No." at last she re plied, " I think not, miss. Bi» anger might be Bothat he wouldn't know what he did to you, if be heard it from yon." And' Tr««rel» felt that a stronghold of her integrity had died ; - for toe could not say to her husband, " He never tried to persuade, me to leave you." Some women might have raid it, even if unbrue ; but Keziah could not. She feared this must come out with the rest. She would not te®6part of the truth, but the whole trafhSje must speak. And even if she did nrfrjreak, her husband would come to her, and toe would have to answer him. While they talked, the grey "streak in the skv had grown larger. Wilson started. She noticed she could see Keziah now— the outline of her figure. "The servants will be coming down," she said; "go to your room. It is a wonder toey are not down hefore, but I have been so staggered, ! had not thought of iti"' Keriah fled npthostairraselike a creature afraid of the light, aha Wilson' went to Leonard,1 who was mtipg. It was soon breakfast time. Keziah had dressed herself nicely, why, toe could hardly have told, for she felt toe was going to hear her sentence. To her great surprise, on going to the break fast-room, for it was not Keziah to absent her self, Mr. Bimpler was there before her, and appeared calm, as if nothing had happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keriah did not remember to have seen before, and which Mr. Bimpler blunderingly prooeeded to apologise for, 6aying he had tumbled over something in his room in the dark ; he did not attempt to say what. Keziah felt he was telling her a tie, and msuncHveiy vue wea raoiB luw gw mum uwi he had had a tussle with Wilson, -and toe smiled. Strange that human beings axe so con stituted that, in the moments when they axe saddest and most sore pressed, the captive mind releases itself from bondage in spite of all con trol, and catches eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. So Keziah smiled in the depth of her trouble. A few minutes later Mr. Hackbit came down. He was much aa usual, rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, Aothing occurred. Was the storm about to Mow over, or was its breaking only deferred? Could . Wilson have been mistaken about Rimpler's having found her out? These questions puzzled , Keziah extremely, and toe could not help thinking about them in spite of herself. After breakfast toe noticed that Mr. Bimpler made no attempt to have private communica tion with her husband, and $he remarked this , to Wilson, and said that he might not know, or, if-hs did, he might not be gbmg to tell. "Have yon ever seen a cat with a mouse, miss?" was the answer,' f She lets it run about, and think itself free, because toe tran put her foot on it when Bhe tikes." v " Well," said Kftriah,- wearily. ; " Only if it iB to come, I wish it would come quickly." GHAFTE& XLiV. — Jcbu. BEvnaris JraCEi. : ThtomMhmg,when-it -was "-heady Ainnerr tube atthe : bouse d - Bitumen, lubfil end 'hS uncle David were coining 'across the Old Bark from the station of Jamley . " What a heaihenisb jacB this s!" ?ubat remarked to Ms ancle, looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble-down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mounds of binders, and ' ohuncHU-loolang holies. " Beally, I had nb idea it was half bo bad as -this." r " Ah, Jubal," raid Ms nude, " we never can ! judge a place tni we've another to compare it with. When ! was a little lad, and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied , up in a handkerchief, I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasnt the finest-place in the world. No, not tha t," said . David, blushing slightly. " I was always more : tike running away than slaying anybody. 'Bat these mme3,"-he went on', pointing -with his walking-stick, " weren't worimd out tinSh; ' Jubal, that is, all of 'em weren't. And Joshua, your father, Dorcas, and X, and the dear baby ! that died, we used to play of a, night, at- hop ; scotch with a piece of coal, in fhls veiy place, and we used to ran over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, J ubal?" he said, indicating the remains of one; " many's the time Fve seen your grandfather washing what he called the first coat' off, out side that door. There was alwayB .a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean- woman, 1Uln Rno fuwili 1ianv»'4A Vmm >1haa — HUy wumim v voaa (UUn«Q MCI. jMRibO lUCOOOU hp; she said, as soon as it Was cleaned." "Well, uncle," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in his cheeks, " I mean no offence ; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that. I am not particularly -proud of- having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit ; nor am i partiojlaxly in terested in detailed accounts of his methods pf performing a toilet ; nor of games played bv ;my father and aunt Dorcas and yon. And if l bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention thin land of thing. Of bourse, I mean ho offence. But IflllftWH fir A RTkf - Si lnnlr Arirw m — » 4I.T. L 1, ... UU uua OU1V Of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." ' "He was a very good man." said hia_ uncle in a low tone, - He was taking in "with difficulty what he was . bearinp. and he was wounded. _ Jnbal went on— " You see, however thane au-wmnhf may be to members of the famuy, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." "But you are hot an outsider; iTnbal," -re plied his uncle, in the same grieved-tohe. ' "Still, you Beeweut on Jubal, "I never knew, any grandfather, which 7 is almost equal to notbabngliig tohiin. And," he added, tak ing out a agar, "and lighting it, at the ra-ni time being very Careful nbt to soil his etraw- coloured glove, whidi fltted'to anlcety, was bordered by the whitest of /white caffs, I can't say that ! know a slngle mfembar ; of "the family that anyone would like to bslong to ex cept yon;" And' J ubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to see the effect of his little compliment. , He saw only the troubled 'look. David Bimmoa did not care much for compliments, and;did hot toe them readily. _ But he did - notice J ubal's cigar, and said tohim— " Well, Jubal, if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's house smoking. 'seeing he dislikes it so." . ; 1 " I would do a good; deal to please you, uncle, but I shall notcome hereto palaver my father. They are not to kQl the fatted on. my behalf, and hail the 'pfofligal returned. And that is the kind of story he'd tell toallthe clerks inrthe bank," if ' I humoured his wishes ever1 so tittle. If he says Pmpfenitehtj'it shall be a direct tie , he shan't have a foundation of excuse for ; it. ' And see, uncle," he said, point ing with his hand in which he held his lighted rigsr. 'for a moment, " as you are fond ofre- Tniriiscences, there is the nobis edifice occupied by grandmother during the latter part of her oelightfnl sojourn in this neighbourhood." . _ David, slow though he was, bould take the impression of a tone- as quickly as anyone; ana' he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulous old woman, it was true ; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother ' "of the family: He could remember many a time bring rocked in her "arms at the. cottage door, when he had fallen down, 'or' stolen -some playfellow had been hitting him. Heifiid not put all this in words, bat he said with a gentle dignity which became him greatly— 4 ' You asked me, Jubal, hot to speak about yonrtoandfather, orour childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you haver knew — -I repeat it, never knew ; for people are not themselves but romeone else,' when they axe wo n down by many griefe;" : " Oh, all rignt, nntae," saia tonu. - didn'tinean to htirt you. It's "all true What jyou Syr. I was ronly, joking either." . -"Thrit was just it," said David; ".you ifere jbkihg." ,X3iey- were now passing a rained engine- . bohte;; a&d; Jubal, happening to glance down, sawlying half -bidden under a rusty wheel fetoat appeared to be. a . bundle of parchment. He took it up, and put it into his pocket, -i ."What's that ?" asked his uncle. . ? " A bit of old parchment somebody has SuownaWay.' w. . r H< But yon have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don't know tow you are to know, if yon- don't examine JThe fact is that Jubal did know what it Yjjas,. and did not wish his' uncle to know— that U lmknew tba certain extent. He had re cognised his father's handwriting upon it ; that W&senbngb; for him." £ -Yes ; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened ; but it seemed to have, drpam8of catting on its own account. Jubal, baring a notion that his uncle was pondering over what be had picked hp. .and wishing to , chfegb his thoughts, remarked, " What an-i awful mbse this road makes bf "one's boots and' -one's'trbueers !" 11 You can torn your trousers up," replied his untie, looking down at Jubal'e. " I turned mine up in the station." "B«t you see," return Jubal, >in a lordly fashion, " tzouser-bottoms never sit well when thej'vehefcn turned up. It quite, joils the loot" V - Thiakind of talk was beyond David's mom-, prehension. But just as he had always thooght that; Joshua knew better than he aid, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in most things. The stronger will has often this kind of .effect, , on the weaker one. A strong wind is propelling & boat-fen a coarse whidh threatens disaster; surely the wind cannot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be blpwnnpon, the rocks and smashed to atoms, but what of that? One must submit to the will of Providence. Jubti polled his coat a tittle down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the road where, his father lived. In the houses they had to pass, .people might be at the windows — people be had known, and who had known him when he was shabby, and used to go about with a stoop. Boys he used ,to play marbles would probably see him Weil, if they - did, they should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought, who was.not rained by his father's disinheriting him, ' who was not coming home in sack. c!oth_ ad ashes to denote his repentance,! but in-jas fashionable " a suit as the best MancheBr tailor could make for him, and with anau aril manner befitting such clothes. It was noKggar coming to his father's house to arir bre3ft. went as a priace conferring a Wills presence. The doer was opened. Sarah, who had hot Men Jubal so longj could hardly keep her joy m. ' She'seitedhim after the "manner of the Black County people, not too gently. " And, ' on, what a beautiful gentleman he's growed into;" riie exclaimed. " Bless his handsome face:" It was not until she had exhausted as many .epithets as die could think of, that die began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. I n foot, he was ' considering whether she had been cooking, and might possibly grease his clothes. He said— TX/sm A ft vr/Hi Afl , I D jfvUj uAiiaUi v w wo , wl" This without a smile, and in a very condescend ing way ; and he was about to para her, when he tumed bfek, and putting his hand in his pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here. Sarah," he said, sunenorly, " you lent me half-a-crown once; hem it is. I just remembered it." Sarah Stared at -him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand — the hard working, rough hand that was always su kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost .in loving offices! for those she cared for. 'Jubal dropped the jialf-a-crown into her hand, taking great care nofito touch her withhis glove. The touch tj the cold metal seemed to make Sarah realise Sie truth. She flung it from her, and flung her ipron over her head, and began to sob. whilesje gasped out — " No, I wiflmever take it ; no, not if I were starving. Tonuk that I would ha give all my ravings for shake of his hand." Jubal fiusheft and drew off one of his ' tight- fitting-gloveBri" Dear me," he smd, " ifits a shake-hahds yff1 want. I- don't object to shftking handa n' arid be hold out. a haud white enbugh to havloQc afefiy credit. bat the girl would not ta it. How many have bad to suffer .a- Kt-iTysappoiiifcrpent : how few are : prepared for it Beforehand. Oiir hrotheror our i ristergoflawqj ftom ns Xor y«a, tp. come ; 1 back j galnvfBthfe wrirjd ,savai/' Tbe buy returns, pertjl- bat toeyfeme riffaevw. We 1 havee&id; gowib tha person forever. Yet those who stayat home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and break thrir health when hut a ghost of the tost one1 conies home, 'Jubalinerely did as the world, does ; only Sarah had never thought out the " qdestian. She knOw that for years she had; lightened hie life when . he. was at houjue and miEeniUepthrimh duriag the' past week. !now hetreated a feteer, and did' not oven shake hands witii her. O simple Sarah! with your goodheart, yon. hate' made and hidden away in the cupboard an apple- pasty for him ; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for. apple-pasty now. Pdte de foic y »-«sis morein hiBline. You may as well, leave the pasty in the cupboard where it .is. But people in the Black Country don't cry : quieuy. They do nobbing by- halves. And Sarah's cry brought Miss Dorcas on the scsue, resplendent in a green silk. " "VPxateveis this disturbance -about said : that lady. But her eyes falling on her nephew, she was thunderstruck by his appearance. Could this handsome figure that might have come out i bf a gentleman's fashion-book "be her nephew Jubal ? It seemed impossible. % . " How d'ye do, aunt ?" said Jubal, extending the tips of hiB fingers. " I think you are t»o fine for such a house aa this," she remaxkedeome wbatcuttingly. "We are not grand enough. for fetich" 'a fine gentle-, Mlawli 'i " Ah," said Juhal,- with amock bow. (Sarah- ; had slipped away into the kitchen.) " It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. Yon -see," he said, hoping his father was somewhere within hearing, " I've not let my Scriptore„kpqwledge ruat. But really aunt, you arebehindthe times down here at Jumley ; green Isn't in fashion, you ' know, now— not in Manchester." Tins was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. <c You tire vriy tude, indeed, " rejoined .Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. " I get the . f ashiqn- plateB ItigUlttliJ. J. JUIOVV Wllclv O Ul IU91UUU UBlrVW than you. WeU> David>' she said, turning abruptly towards her brother ; and a cool family kite wtis exchanged. But where was Mrs. Rimmon all' this' time? Will it. be believed she was within hearing, and lialf-afraid. Ha' didtoeas to have , received the others well; what would he think of her ? ' Jubal went iuto jhe diniiig-rQoin, ®bt toeing, hismother iii the dafk passage leading into the kitchen. , The table vraslaid for .dintier. Jubal , looked at everviing" on the tablri whpe his uncle and his Xatocr rifeok banda' Mr. Bimmon was determined tiot tq Wtlfe'finrt fo- speak to his ton, and Jnbal decided that he could live without shaking hands with his father ; soth&e; was no sort of greeting between them. Jnba meant to speak ib, Mb father, if there were any occasion, as he would . speak to any stranger-, "and an occasion "came. Jubal sat down on one of the chairs, and got -up again directly,7 looking scornfully at it. . " You don't meau-to say that you've not had thA spring .of that chair toeiided yet he said tp his |feiher ; aiid that was_all. . ... .'"Dmifer -foust, come in, and . Mrs. ""Bimmon7 knew irife could delay nbtonger ; 'so she timidly . entered the room; her face' nervously working, and her tears ready to-fali. ; J ubal Hssed her, and held /Herefrom him aud looked at.herj andkidheriigain. _ 1 "Thefarco has7 bqgud, Ms it ?" said Miss j Dorcas, seeing this. No," saM Jubal, istandtog" with hjs arm found his mother's: wsiri, thhas not. The feitie will ben when tife- minister comes in to : tea, and you and father act The loving family before him." -"f. V;. When Keziah entered thj room, very pale, and loo king paler iq: her black dress, which she wore for her grandmother, J ul&l; could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls "were the 6ame as ever, but the features appeared be changed ; . they were ! more pointed— a change due to ttonness. She went first and kissed her uncle Daridi Hie pressed her hand encouragingly, and , was much tenderer than ever to his manner towards her. . Then Keziah went behind Jubal's chair, and, leaning over; -kissed his fortBhea. . " Oh, Keziah, "exclaunea J ubal, starting, " how frightfully cold your lips are "Y \- " Are they ?"saidKeziah, with a . wan smile: and she took her place at the table, kissing her mother as she passed her. The door was now fiung open, and Mr. Hackbit swaggered in, and surveyed tie com pany with a leer. He gave a general, nod; eat down and platfed his napkin across his knees. " "Well, brother-in-law," said Jubal, across the tshle, " your valet has neglected you this morning. - Do you know your toiletis rather .defective?" . Mr. Hackbit Iook«i seveely aeross at jubsl, aad,remarkriL With'"qia&aspcrity;, -that he would i rather wearno clotfi<ea at all than be dressed up like a toll, as Jubal was. - Dorcas was. sitting next to him. , " Your necktie's right under your ear," she said, "and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." / " And you," retorted Hackbit, looking critically at his aunt and her get-up, ".you look as if you'd just come out from under a gloss shade, you do." " Oh, don't tot us have any quarrelling." put in David. " What oan bethe use of that ?!' After : dinner, Jubal announced Ins inten tion of taking a stroll. -The mother would have liked to have begged Mm' to remain with her, but how could she dictate "to this sou who had crown into such-a gentleriWu ? " Yes, show yourself tothe inhabitants,' was Hackbit's comment. You'll collect a crowd if sou gqqut.y ; " You'll cofiectn MggK&cro; wd than I -shall, some day," retorted JubaL "And really, Hackbit," he saideying "his brother-in-law with a good "bit ofmerriment in his face, " I want tolighta cigsKr, aiid I believe I could do itatydur nose. Have you been acting the down, and forgotten to -wash your faoe ?" With this home-thrtist be went out ; and Keziah helped to feiear the taMe. Mr. Binmler wae to come to tea. He bad "beeninvitea to dinner, hut hod made on excuse. "When tea-time came, he appeared. . There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's manner of receiving Mr. Bimpler, which that gentleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on band,' and laughed to "himself without any evident reason several times in succession ; ana at each laugh Dorcas cototired. He woo, how ever, scrupulous in his attention to her, and also seemed to take some interest in Jubal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. CHAPTER XLV.— jiiofenlBErrEE TH.IS Stnuw. i When at last the' evening was over, and it was time to go home; Mr. Bimpler offered to escort Miss Dorcas, which seemed natural enough ; but no sooner.had he madethe proposal than; Dorcas j said, Spitefully, " No,thankyoo, Mr. Bimpler, I am no chicken, end am , not at all afraid of being in the Ola; Park myself at night." In .spite of 8, Bimpler did go with her ; and they, walked along in ulenoe for a considerable dis tance. , At last Miss Dorcos said, snappishly, " Are you going to speiJc, or not, Silas "r" Mr. Bimpler gavea snort, "and said jn tone . of some bitterness, '' I don't remeipber the occasion on which I tisked you to callme Silas. "When I bagin to call you Dorcas, you'll have some excuse.' The unquenchable spirit of the spmster . rose. " And if 1 did call you Silas, how many aliens and outcasts would be glad to have "somebody to take them by the hand and call them by their Christian name." " But I happen to be neither an alien nor an outcast. I tril you chce for all, you iniiet drop it." „ "Oh, Silas, ; Mr. Bimpler stopped in the pathway. " If you don't drop it, I won't go another inch with you; so now you know. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of making signs at me before people." " And you never take any notice when I do,9' interrupted Miss Dorcas, '"no matter bowjm- porwtuL it may us. ; " And I never wilt notice. I tell you cnce for all, I won't have it. Do you think I wast all the world to believe we have a secret under standing together? It was disgusting all the evening to Bee your eye fixed on me every time I looked your way." " Aud this after the way you left ma in the Old Park last night!", said Dorcas, growing irate in her tarn. " They were on- the same ground now.vj V-" "I'll "leave yoti brie again' if you don't mind." f " Then youH leave all that . I have to com municate to you." "I don't care ad about your communi cation." 44 You know you do, ir vou wouldn't have tfeken so much trouble about it aU. , Well, at any rate, I got the papers you asked me to get out of Joshua's safe." - "Wheie are they ?' . resgpntod Silas, now interested to a 'moment, fwidbbtray ei into showing it. He had not expected "8- ' "W T. Waited here.' rinY Was cold and tired, last night, -and I tofet tiiem; bo there." " You lost them;" said Bimpler, horror- sbneto '"tome firet; (tod'vM vq&lbiein; it 'hadn't been- f 6r rfoing off;' w>th# that; fowagner. Iheud you deny me to' Mm, uid vf.. f? 4" /,?« ... laugh when he said that I was no chicken. Men arebad. enough for anything." But Silas had not been listening to her last words. He was absorbed by the thought that the papers were lost. - ; At last . he -drew a long breath, a» if he had forgotten to breathe a few momenta, and was malting up for it. " Well," he said, " 'what a fool I have been." ' \- Dorcas was infinitely relieve to fihd.it was not herself he was calling a fooL "I miht. know that a woman was sure to mate'an ass of herself in bustoess;" he added. This somewhat spoiled the soothing effect of the last sentence he had uttered. They had now come to a standstill, both of them. 44 Now, I have a warning to give you," said Sflas. " It is' for your own good, not mine. You must ho as silent as the gravis' upon " this business. Donotthinkof telling anything to spite me, ever ; it would be no good. You've no proof of any kind against riife, . xwmtnbsr ; and the moment I hear of your doing anything, then I shall begin. And if- 1 ever should, yoa will wish you had never been horn, mind that. And from to-night I've done wifhybu ; so don't get faying to see me or to speak to me. And 'now we are parting; I'll say another thing to yon, that I've been thinking all along; and that is thw. There's no wickedness you'd stop at, to get your own ends. You don't mind whom you betray. But you can't - think mail ttin fnnno "vtaii 'vro Javia nil tn Urn sva vue aisvuxw tiuffo jvu uuub <iv ou iu uin "dark. Fve seen my share of bad women ; but I never came across a worse than you, in reality." Dorcas was. literally thunderstruck. She could make no reply. She could not believe she was hearing right. 44 And is this true, all that you are Baying ?" she said at length. " Yes, it is true,!' replied Bimpler. " Then," Baid she, with a tragic air, " I shall throw myself down one pf these old mines." " Don't," said Bimpler, quietly. 44 It would be quite loBt upon me. I shouldnot try to get you out ; and I should not go ' to mourning for JVUl OilU xuioa Jiviotw UiU. UVV lUUU MCI threat. " And I am really to say "good-bye to you, Silas ?" Baid Dorcas plaintively. 44 Am I never to bear the sound of your voice again, the voice that has grown so dear to me ?" 4 'You'll hear my voice soon enough, if yon interfere with my business. And really I don't think I ever did meet with such a ;hombug in my whole life. But I tell you, I can see through it; don't tryit on with me." 44 Then I will go home to toy desolate hearth," said Miss Dorcas, still in a tragical vein. " Yes, do," said : Bimpler.' 44 You'd, make any hearth desolate ; andyou'd turn any para dise into a howling wilderness." ,"Yeiy well," returned Dorcas, 44 1 will leave you ; and the day may come when I can do you a. bad turn, and I shall do it, never you fear." , "I don't fear," was Eimpler'6 reply, 44 but I knew.it before you told me." Yet Dorcas did not move off. 44 Look here," said Bimpler ; " if you think by waiting you'll get ma to alter my mind, you're mistaken. I shall go not a step farther with you, and you can go hotoeiyourself." ' -Dorcasmoved away with great bitterness to her heart. But jvhen she was out of sight, Silas lit match after match, and searched quite fruitlessly j as wqknow he must— for the missing papers. He echrcely -expected to find anything in his search : but lie .was very angry, and it suited his humour to be searching. He was not alone, though he imagined hito- self td be so. J ubal liad.strolled after Bimpler and his aunt j op pretence of smoking, but to re ality hoping toihear what . .terms they were ou;- . and. to find ont ahythiug detrimental to either of them; He heard the quarrel, which amused and gratified him. He alto felt sure what the 'subject was. . But if be had not' been sure, his suspicion would have been confirmed by the search Mr. Bimpler made under his eyes. Jubal did nut wait tp see how this search ended. .. He preferred to get away while still unobserved, Wneb he got home — that is, to Mg fathers house — he found . his mother to a violent state of agitation. " What is the matter, mother?" he asked. 4<Oh, Jubal, soaiebodv has robbed your father." 44 Do you mean broken into the hank,, mother?" 44 No, the safe, here, in the house. He's nearly frantic." 44 Was it money ? ' "No : papers." 44 Well, they ' can't matter much, unless they're bank notes." said jubal. \- Jubal swaggered into the room where his father wae. 44 What is it you've lost?" he said to an in different tone. \- 44 Papers," cried Mr. Rimmon.quite forgetful for. the moment :thati hev and' hie son were; ; enemies. " . ', , : "I suppose they'renol of much consequence," said Jubal. ' "They are of all consequence," cried his , father. ' I tell you unless I can gain possession of those papers I'm ruined — ruined — do you hear, Jubal V— ruined." 44 They must be funny kinds of papers, I should think," said Jubal. 44 Jubai," said David; who was aa white as Ms brother; ' is this a time to talk like that?" 44 When were thev stolen ?" Jubal asked his father. 44 To-day ?r' 44 Oh, no ; Fve had the key fo.my possession all day." . . 44 Ick picked, I suppose, then." 44 No, the lock has not been picked," raid the. father, despairingly. 44 Then hPw do you account for it?" 44Y®8terday I'dropped my key accidentally ; if must have been used by someone." 44 Well," said Jubal with mock sympathy, " it isn't a pleasant tbing to have lost papers that compromise you. You may never find out where they are ; and it's like a" fewordhang ins over your bead by a hair, isn't it, father ?" Every yrerd - stabbed Mr. Bimmon. Who knew their-weigbt so well as hd did ? 44 Oh,»' he said, tpmtog to his brother, with a touch of very real feeling. 44 how I wish I'd stuck to my bank, David, and kept everything square." "Iwishtheehadst," replied David, falling into his dialect in his emotion. "Jubal," went on Ms father, with such a real ring in his tone that Jubal was startled, 44 I've npt trained you well, heaven knows." 44 Earth knows it, too," put in J ubal. \- The father took no notice, bnt went on in a most solemn tone. 44 But you are young, and ! need never come to be what J am. You've often heard me quote Scripture, Jubal." 44 Too often," said Jubal. , . 44 Well, Vou shall hear some more, Jubal, though it may be the last, and it's the truest to all the Bible. 4 The way of' transgressors is hard.'" David was quite overcome, and hid his face to his hands; Jubal felt no kindling of sym pathy. 44 Don'tfake any notice of him, uncle," he raid contemptuously : 44 he's only making oat." 44 Making out !" cried the elder man, in an agonised tone. That is likely, that 'is! I meant to set' it all right, and to give up the other 'business." It waaglhe first -time the "other business" had"«P%epn; alluded to between the brothers. "'And how I've no chance." Half an hour later, when Joshua was alone, he bitterly regretted having exposed himself to .tinfe /manner, and he would have regretted it >rigjLmpre had he iraowhrfhat the son before : wno'lh he had'eo'mmitted himself had the miss- tog papers at that very moment to his posses sion, and gloried to it. Joshua bad been a hard tyrant to Jubal when Jubal was a, boy, and now that Jubal was independent of him he showed no disposition to heap coals of fire on his father's head by returning good for evil. Hadthi8 view of the case been pat to Jubal, he would probably havo said,, so great was Ms hatred to his father, that be would have pre ferred to heap coals or tire under Ms father's feet and burn him to ashes. The slave makes a terrible slave-driver when his chance comes. His master may have known limits ; he knows none. So while Joshua tossed that night upon Ms pillow in an agony, for the time being, of remorse, his son lay awake, too, for very" joy. He had got his father in his power. CHAPTER XLVI. — DEATH BKFOBE DIS- HOKOEE. Tim snow had been falling all the evening, sometimes slightly, sometimes more thickly. , it was falling when the different companies went home from the house of Rimmon. When Thomas Hackbit and Keziah bad got ontEide the house, he raid to her — " You are a very fair actress, Keziah, but I can beat you in acting." Keziah turned her face, towards Mm in stinctively, thongb she conld npt see Mm, not to miss what he shonld say next. 44 Yon have kept your eyes open very well, considering yon were up all last night. Bnt don't you think X have, considering that I was up, too ? Should you like to know where I was last night, Keziah ?" 4 "No," she replied in a stifled manner. 44 But I shall Cell you. whether yon wish to bear or not. I passed the night in my own gardenj Keziah." ' ' < Keziah could nqt/te&r; to have it broken to her thus. 5he,w'frjj|jfo3 o it herself, and have it over the more qhwHy. . The quiet tone in-' wMch he was .speaking , filled her with infinite .dread. Of course he knew everything. Well, there was no help for it; ; " You.inay-as well say it at once: you saw- jjVY/Nh-echoed l. fea.yba, aud i beard' j — — t— — amm. ' JKMC \rjdscaffaastx " Then, Thomas," she said, patting both of her hands on his arm, and forcing him to stop, "you heard me refuse to go. That is better than anything I could have told you, if you heard it." ... This seetned to lighten her, load for tbp moment. At least be had not to iako ker word .for it; -he had heard her MmBelf. . 44 1 know," she went on with- great fervonr, " how wrong I hkye beeu, 1 know it myself, if yon do not' say it ; but ! at least stopned short, aud - — -," she continued, beginning to cry bitterly, 44 1 was so miserable.' Keziah had made a mistake in using this last, expression. Hackbit had been in love with her' in a certain way, perhaps was so still ; and it .does not smooth.a man's temper for his wife to tell him, by way of excuse, that she has been led into seeking the company of another ihan because he, forsooth, has made her miserable. It was therefore with additional bitterness that he' next sjioke to 'her. "Don't try that on with me,- Keziah," he said, shaking her off. 41 Nothing you can say will alter my decision." Then he Had arrived at some decision, Keziah thought, her heart failing her. She did not attempt to imagine what it could be ; she knew it must be the worst for her, whatever it was. . 44 It is not last night alone that" you have met that man, Keziah. I know ali about it, and I've determined that, come what may in con- uuiuuui/c iuullW Uljr WvlUD vJUtC Wlxdbv ul uj 1 " 1 ycu shall never enter.my house again." The full sense of the words could hardly ; strike Keziah in a moment. Could he mean- that she was to have no shelter that nighter- that she was to, be shut out of house, and home,- like somfe vile creature who deserved no better ? As Bhe mad<i no reply, he asked her, 44 Do you understand ?" They had walked on, and were now standing ', before their own house. . 44 You cannot mean it,'.' she said huskily. "I do mean it," he said. 44 Try to enter, and I will throw you back with, my own lunl >1 " But you won't separate me from my baby?" she said, with a sob iu her voice. 44 You care for the baby!" he said with a hoarse laugh. , Keziah clung to him. 44 1 do, I do," she. cried- "Let me have Mm, and. I will go away without a word." "And let him. starve with von!" sneered Hackbit.- "But no, you are" not going to starve"-' he added; " you will know where to go." 7 . She. would not notice. tMs. ' 44 He. Bhall not star ve ; . I would not let him startei" : 44 And so yon- think I would let -him cat. that man's bread?" said Hackbit sarcastically. . "01r, I can't make yon- believe me, if you won't," said Keziah ; 44 it would hot be' that man's bread ; but he Bhould not starve." " And in any case," went ou Hackbitl "do you thiuk I should let my child starve?" " But you would let me starve." 44 You are different, and you know where to go." " , ... .... .. ' 44 I'm his mother," pleaded Keziaih7 faintly. " We've talked enotifsici'r Waslffche " reply. 44 Away with yon ;" anc( 1'pmhptdine money into her huhd, a few <xitos'.:"i%llfe-.ming them ' from her, aud the snow covered ihem. In a flash, it seemed, he was gone, and the door was shut, and she heard it barred. Excjted to frenzy, she-felt like ringing the bell violently, and rebelling against this sudden expulsion ; and she stood a>id gazed, she could not have told how long, at the house. At list she was conscious of someone approach ing her; It was' Silks Bimpler. She "moved away, aud he did not see her. She heard him ring tne bell. She heard the door unbolted. It was opened, and a flood of light shot across the' snow-covered path. Should she make a sudden hound, and he within that light and warmth, and beg him on her knees to jet her remain with her hahy ? No, it conld be of no use; nothiuECouidbeof any use now. The door was shut, and again she heard the bolts. Still she waited, till at last lights shone out from the windows of her husband's and Mr. Bimpler'? bedrooms. Then thes lights went out, ana all was dark. The snow began to fall faster. Keziah felt she must do something for herself now. But the. only thing that suggested itself was to go round to the back of the house, through the garden gate, aud look for the night-nursery light. That was out. 44 They believe I am staying at mother's for the night," she thought. 44 They little know I am shivering out here." What a grim satire it seemed. She was standing on the spot where, last night, she had' listened, with so much hidden longing in her -heart, to an appeal to . leave the place. To- nlght'slie could not enter again -if she wonld. She passed out at the garden gate again. She could not s zr.y there, it was clear. Go to her father's she would not. No, she must walk on, as far away as.shc could, before morning. She would write to her mother. But the roads were bad, aud walking was difficult. When once outside the gate, she had turned aud thrown some kisses towards the- window where the little Leonard was asleep. 44 At least he will nbt ill-treat the child," she thought : aud that was somethin > She had got a little Housekeeping money in her pocket-. Bhe could go on a few days till ' she should get something to do. She trudged patiently along the road, which grew darker. .She knew where Bhe was going, and kept her direction ; - it was to AVolverhampton. She knew of a women there who kept a registry office for servants. She had got servants lor her. _ She would go to her, and get a tempera y lodging wliile she could plan what to do. The woman had always seemed land and pleasant: and this was the only person Keziah could think of that she would be willing to go to. It was a long, weary walk, and Kc-ziah had notmade much head way when she was conscious of being followed. She stopped a moment and listened. "v No one was following her. Yet as soon as she began to walk again, she heard the footsteps after tor. Some .'upiaces were -.lighting up the way ahead of her; now. She must pass the glow : bo must the one who was following her. It is a horrible feeling, that of being followed in the darkness, and only those who have experienced it can know how horrible. Along" a Black Country road this is especially true. There is a- gtimnese about the road, the boundaries of which are so often black mounds, or dark, stagnant waters. To be followed on such a road is worse than to be followed on a decent highroad with inoffensive hedges on either side. Keziah felt this to the full, in her excited con dition. It wae one horror more added to the rest. Besidee,iti-almosi-u necessity for a Black Country person.' bora -and bred to" have sotuo trace of superstition.; so called ; and it did aJarm Keziah all the more that the footsteps ceased when she listened to them. She walked on - : bravely, mid waagettingnearerand nearer to the light of the foundries.' But then the clanging of- the iron made -it ;tluiost impossible for her to, hear the footsteps, he clung to the hope that? she. should see who it was when they both passed the light of the foundry. And now siie herself was in the full- glare, and her ears were deafened by the noise.' A thought struck her. 44 Perhaps the thing that is following me may wait till I am out of sight before passing;", aud she, 'who had often traversed the road before, knew- by experience ' that there were miles' of dark, deserted road beyond thw one light. Opposite the foundry w-os a tumble-down cottage, one of many such, deserted aud left to ruin when those who had occupied them had migrated. She would Mde herself a moment, to this place, and perhaps '.lie thine that was folio whig her would paw before her eyes. Once inside the cottuge, she placed herself in the shadow near where a window had been, . but where now not even a frame existed. She conld see the road, and she could too the foundry. ' 'She moved a little farther, for no particular reason, and something sprang upon her with an arieaithly sound. All sensation stopped within her ior a moment, and then her heart gave a great thump that nearly shook her. She saw what had startled her, for it was crossing the to id now m the light. It was only a homeless cat that had sought shelter from the inclement weather. Still, the fright hid increased her nervousness greatly. She tried to keep her attention on the dark rood, with a streak of light across it. Bat somehow her gaze was fascinated by -the foundry, where the night-wcrltcis moved Mther and thither iu a terrible glow of light, being covered at times by masses of sparks, and tbc-n dragging out from between immeine rollers long -lengths of red-hot iron, and carrying them quickly, and without any apparent discretion, right among the crowd of other workers, and laying them at the side of others to cool cpon the ground. These silent workers, for they were not talking to each other— Low could they, for that matter, amidst the hubbub of hammers, the hissing of streams ot water upon red-hot iron, and the roaring of the forges ? They seemed to .Keziuh's excited .mind almost like demons preparing for some evil deed. . . But aow/lqSked.toiiietbiag obstxneted' the view. dc>;tojsaaie .figure of a man along, the road. wjngy%v as turned towards the \- forge, snd hsSSfeiueQ 'puzzled, and 6tood hesi tating. At last he walked across a black mound that separated the forge from the road, and went towards the 'great wed under which the ipen;- were; Working. . , He, seined, -to he sakJr-/ednaacame out qifoqHgtore, and -hejheld.'hia tor towards Mm,v'SEd -tto&'fehd.bk' htodr&ud; tt hack;: \- ' V - - # - - ggxoaawagjuwgMMi i wii1 ito wargtoffc- _ -,ii322222!E222!22 If Keziah felt she must- move on ik»w,' or to de tected. . For how did she know that the Btranger, whom she believed to be the person who had followed her, might not. look into the rained ottage Bat no. She tooW not move away. He was crossing the road, ih the direct stream of light, and hw Irafek'tras in- the full light; his face' was to shadow. "S&e; pat her- hand against some of the brickwork tir steady herself, and it came down, with ;a crash. . The stranger paused, and then made his way to the cottage. One of the bricks had fallen heavily upon her foot. It was extremely oainful- Everything seemed to be closing in. The figure entered by the doorway, and came quite near to her. and then, in wliai seemed to lier au uneartMy tone, spoke her ntme. - : . if she did not cry '.out, that did not proceed from any great bravery cn her part ; it was V».rr> inoWiihr Whn hoc nnf. in S. -£huttd£3% stdrih-. waited"" with bated breath, for the next clap and Sash ? aud if on a lonely stretch of moor, who has not trembled inwardly to such a storm, as crash has succeeded crash, and glare, titter darkness ? Keziah's life of the last few- hours was such a storm, as this, and at tMs moment her breath was hated for another crash, with possible direful consequences. Someone had said, 44 Keziah," bqt the voice was one she did not know. £n what- appeared ages afterwards, a hand traveifea towards ner, ana toucnea ner. inta the same strange voice said, 44 Don't you know me ? I have come to take care of you. " Then the bolt had not descended upon her and struck her. TMs was her thought at first. But on its heels came another thought. The holt had descended, and had struck her." She knew who was speaking to her. 44 How dare you follow, me?" she said. " How can you have the cowardice ? And only last night you promised me yon would never see me again. You have lied to me ; you have lied to me !" she.said bitterly, the tears chasing each other rapidly down - tor cheeks in -the uaianess, A groan was the only reply to this. 44 Why, do you want me to hate you, too ?' shecried. " If yon loved me, you would care for my reputation." - 44 Qii, Keziah," cried her companion to heart broken tones, 44 to think you shonld ever use such words to me I You have misunderstood me, quite misunderstood me." . ' "T have understood yon perfectly," returned Keziah. 44It isyouwho have not underotobd me.'!. And She tried to -limp away. But the pain, to her foot was so great, she. was obliged to sfopherself, . , - / Keziah, why won't you believe me? I said . I bad cpuie to take care of you, as your father might, or your brother ; that is my meaning-" , . 44 Yes," she cried, passionately, 44 like my father and my brother ! you have well spoken. My father and my brother would- ruin me for their own ends ; so would you, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's rodf last night, and so get me turned out to night. Yet I was going away, praying for joa? and forgiving von. But now you : have broken your word andfoUowedme.to take, ad vantage of my misery, what can I say to you.? Tf ever there was a moment when you should have' kept yourself far from me, it is now." ' ' 44 Keziah, I would die for you." . 44 Then why not dd a small thing, and keep awav from me?" 44 Keziah, that is a greater thing." 4 4 Then be a man and do the greater thing. -:F have done wrong, too," she said, weeping airesh, 44 or I might never have come to this;"- ; 4,4 NO, it was all my fault," said Rupert, gazing with despairing tenderness at her. V I deserve what has come," raid Keziah. 44 Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Rupert. 4 '.It is I and only I, who have been to blame. Keziab, tell me what to do, and yon shall see how I will obey you now." ' "Go back at once to Leamington, if yoa mean what yon say ; and show the world that I am not with you. That will he proving your love for me," 44 1 will do it," he answered, with a sob. 44 But you will tell me where you are ghing? At least you will tell me that ?" "No," said Iv>ziah, sadly : 44 It is right you. should not kuow that either." . 4 What harm could it be for you to tell me where you are ?" "There wonld be harm.'' 44 You have some money with you r" - "Yesi I have some money." . And will yon take just a little from me? You may return it some day. If you like." i- Do you not understand," broke outKeziah hotly, 44 foat l ean have no dealings with you of any kind? Gp back at once; .you may even stow have been seen following niel"" , He took off a large scarf that, was about his neck. 4; Let me give you tfcis, Keiiah. You are , butiil-dad." ., - 44 How can you!" she cried, despairingly. 4 Why do' vou make my way so difficult? Woulc you have me found iu possession of yhjur ' scarf ? Where is your common sense ?" 41 Oh, God!" cried Rupert, breaking down utterly, and sobbing. 44 And 'am I. who love you so, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you. because a cursed villain has robbed yon from me, aud ill-treated yoa, aud shut his door upon you !" _44lt can do no good to talkof thatnow," said Keziah. She. was about to pass- him. Ha ' , . caught her by the arm, still shaken with sobs, ' ; - and would not let her pass. She tried to wrench herself free. 44 Keziah. I have only one thing to ask ' you. I know more about the world than you do, Keziah. If yon do hot want to be suspected, Keziah. go to some friend. You need not tell- mewtom. If you promise me this one thing, \ I shall go n way contented. Contented! No,- J not that. But it will be more endurable, that is all I oau say." ' I will promise you that, then," said Keziafc. And she was moving away again. "Not one word of farewell, Keziah!" he .said; ' ' Good-bye," 6he answered, passing on. He had almost hoped, whe-i he -had so far - acceded to her wish, that she would, have given a different farewell from this cold 44 good-bye." But her maimer was such th&t; he dared not ask for more. .The Keziah he loved conld never be further from him, he felt, than she- was this ' night. She was outside now; but thsee words 1 olio wed her in a choked whisper, 4 -Yon will say yqu forgive me." 1 forgive you," she said in a low voice; aud disappeared in the darkness. And Elivorthy, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, watched the spot where her figure bad dis appeared, until bis eyes weie si rained ; . but follow her he would not — rather, could not. Aud when ac last he had sized so long that his vyes, grown weary, drooped their" lids, he slowly turned Ms head and gazed at toe foundry. j." No man ha? ever been so wretched as, I 'jffe." he tbouuht within himself, " so wretchto4 .fend so powerless." Aud while to thmieht tiufe'' ' the - immense hammers c tine' down jfou, and flattened it and crushed iij - " Oh !" he though :, 44 if only I could piece my head one moment under that hammer, and end it all ; it would be- so soon over." He remained long gazing at the glare, aud sjareeiy thinking. All was too much iu a tumult within him. At last he became conscious that he must go away. If - he were not in Leamington to the morning; people might ray he had been' with Keaah. - They should never say that: and he staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken, man along the road. It had ceased Eno win c some time, and the path was very dark. .Snow blackens almost as it falls in the Black Country; and it mutt be- deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last he strtick his foot a gainst something : it wae only a rising footpath, of winch there are unuiy iu thssc neighbourhoods:, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall- tog. and the next sensation was that water was closing over bis head. CHAPTER XLYII. — TV.E Cm -.ATEK BAESS. And lie said. . . . "4 1 wi!5 jmil i2o-.v:i mv bares, and baild greater." Had Keziah waited before her own house a little longer, she would have seen the lights re appear in the two frout bedroom windows ; for Mr. Hackbit, having made an effort to go to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found Mroself quite too excited to sleep. 44 it," he said to himself, " I'll have that fool Rimplar up, and wet our throstles a bit." Now Mr. Hackbit was deeper than Bimpler gave him credit for being : though he did let thinas out sometimes when he was drank, they never were things that told n gainst himself. To-night he bad driven Keziah forth, and so natural -had been Ms demeanour that no oca suspected it. The servants kuew.sbe had not . come home, but they thought she must be stay ing at her mother's, and of course they knew better than to ask Mr. Hackbit a, ousstion. Mr. -llim pier, finding Hackbit st home on Ms return, imagined Ke/.iali to be in the house. . He had likewise imagined Hackbit to be ignoraiit of what had occurred the night beftfiy. So when. Hackbit rapped sharply athis door, and then thrust bj? head in, ana said. 44Getap, . Riinple, Ifcay:' let s/have ' &.dTtok," hq'-iMrmlw J:thougfo: JHfokbEt Tiad "pasfod -day. anfitoht fotoakeupferib; ajrf gptto,- ' " ' direly; very quickly1 as Hackbit thought, ! or he did not know Mr. Simpler was sitting dressed by the window. "When Mr. Simpler had fumbled about the zoom a little, be lit his candle, completed his toilet as if - it had beeu morning, aiid went downBt&irs.; He looked iu the dining-room,.: ' . butfound no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He went into the hall and listened ; hehelarda movement inthe kitchen, and went there. ' - ".I say, what are -you doing?" he asked Hackbit, -who was prowling about with a candle. - " l am going to get some wood to light a fire ia the drawing-room adding, with great as- sumption of grandeur. " We'll sit in 1he draw ing-room, Simpler. X'm a rich man, and shall .< be richer. Why shouldn't I use Che best room Iregbt?''. . "All right," replied' .Simpler, amused, "that's -your'look- out>yOu- know. 1 Drily. I : shouldn't havethought you were such a fool as 'toteUanyoneyonarerich.'', ¥ Ypnaze hot'fbsonifeilfe ' " ' 44 No ; and yon're shrewd enough .to know l should know in any case. That's it, isn't 'it. Hackbit?" A large fire was soon burning in the drawing- room, "what with the .unusual quantity of wood and the bellows . which Mr. Simpler plied. Hackbit sat down complacently, with two or three bottles in' front of him, alto glasses and sugar. 1 " I say, Simpler, how should you like to be a partner?" "Oh, I don't know," replied Simpler, in differently. "Bat 1 say, Simpler; by Jove, we are: making money, old Simmon and 1. Yon thuk you know everything, but we could sur prise you a bit. Some people save and save and cave, and never enjoy their money. I don't mean to be likethaT." - And he poured out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my . father. wasa. collier, I mean to have a place amongcountiy gentlemen, them. Bokegworth Hall is to let, and X mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, hang it, why shouldn't I live as . well ? Ah, -Simpler, though they hate me, they shall envy me. If eld Josh Simmon is content to. live in that pig -sty, ell the better for me. I'll live for the two of us." he took another draught of brandv. " And me, Simpler, "he went on, " there's some pleasure in liviug when you can buy & horse, or what not, that some noble lord would give his head for, just be cause you've the longest - purse. ' By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one . of them chap3 wantedit." \- AIL this did not arouse the interest and sym- . pathy in Mr. Simpler whicbitmight have done tad ne not known about the missing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a race has been drugged and will break down does notshownstonndinD1 AcUtenpsain not hack- ing the House of Simmon ; -and throughout Mr. Bimpler's life he had nearly always hacked the winner. He rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit ran on, however, and ea- cauragedhimtotalk. 44 Bills of sale- are the.graudest investments." said Hackbit. " while itcan be kept dark;. \- end my experience, is;" he wenE on in acunmn£ tone, " that ptople who have been sold up have : not spirit enough left to goto law with you about it, neither have they the cash," and he burst into a laugh. " Do you know, in the beginning. Riaupon wanted to pay me a salary? I soon taughtihim a lesson. I've had more than he's had, by Jove. There's a day for every dog, and let every dog have hisday." " Yes," Mr. Simpler assented, " let every dog have his day. Sly day'll come next," And , he pretended to sip his brandy. . " Don't count your chickens before they're batched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much the worse for drink. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Simpler. "Neither do I get -drank, and so see double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched." . This was a little bit too refined for Hackbit in his present condition, so he took offence. " Confound yon, do you mean to say I'm drank ?" " Certainly not. IWhy, you've only had balf- a-bottle." It was not long before he had the. whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Simpler not a little. He sullenly hung his head down, and looked lowering. At last he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room. Simpler involuntarily gazed in the same direction. He could see nothing. 44 What is it ?" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door.- The hand had grown very bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul v together. . " What is it ?" inquired Simpler again. \- ' Don't you see those spideis f' ' " I can't say I do." Then yon must he drunk, or mad. Look, Simpler, he said, rising in agitation end trembling all over, " have yon ever seen such large spiders ? You can't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasing each other in two lines ' and they'll come down : they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." Simpler became more' and more alarmed. . Hackbit -clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on the table : but he could not : and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. " Oh," he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, " the cloth's full of them too. See how they spread their legs and come on. Oh, let me get out of - here," he screamed frantically. 41 A al. ' a - — iuc nam iurwvciuu wiui iiiem Ate you. a devil that you won't help me V" And with one more effort to escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will 6pare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David j Simmon both came, at Rimplei's request : and by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saitring was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and with, him Dr. Towers. He had brought this doctor on his own responsi bility, having such great faith in him ; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Rimmonwas seated in a chair, 'looking the picture of misery ; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers advanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, and turned and looked about the room, but said nothing. " He'll get better now," said Mr. Simmon, hoarsely; "he's gone to sleep. Oh, what a night we've had." ' He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. 4 I have seen cases like this before. It is a possible ending to delirium tremens. They sleep to death. lean do nothing for bim ; so I had better get back." | " Wait a bit," said Mr; Saltring. " 1 want ! you to witness something." He was ashy white. He walked towards the bed. He laid one hand upon the man who was sleeping his last sleep, and raised the other above his head/ and looked upwards. " I call Bod to witness," he said, "that I will never sell one drop of any intoxicating 1 liquor again. And I will rid myself of any T>rnrw> T now Tioa&eaa; that iflthp T«anif a? sale of drink." His robed hand fell by bis side, and be faced ' round and looked at the astonished Joshua and Towers. 44 There is no evil so great in' this wide wot Id ' as . drink. Can it matter whether -the poor wretch drinks it at your, counter or carries his bottle home P The end is the same." He looked upwards again. " I pray the God of pity to forgive me for the great wrong I have done the human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Separation there can be none. The evil is done. " And Mr. Saltring covered his face' with bis hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt- ring's neck, and said soothingly, " My good friend, God judges as by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meaut to ruin anyone ?" " Remember the proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands Horn bis face. " 1 Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart.' This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. "Within the last twelve months," be said, raising his 1 white face and looking at the doctor, " cases of eptrits have left my shop enough to bring this" — and he indicated with his hand without looking towards the bed — " to I fear to say how- many homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Keziah, butl can't face her. If no one had sold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it." " He didn't buy the brandy of yon, at any rate," said Joshua Simmon, routing himself to speak. " That makes no difference," replied Mr, Saltring. " Come, doctor, let us go." But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound trom the bed had ceased. Towers looked a. moment, and answered Mr. Simmon's look, " He's gone, poor fellow," be said. CHAPTER XLVin, — Ton lowncs Goes Up l oa His Last Examination. It was about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumley cemetery ; and in the windows of his house was a notice, " To Let," No one bad made any search for Keziab. She ,wga missing, and Elworrhy was missing. The fa$ts>eemed'tq explgin themselves; -dfmh wairaeied.. ' A \ » J— i m i i mil n«»— — Mr. Simpler had bseu engaged by Mr. Bimnion, and was now residing in his house.' The baby was there, too ; and Wilsonhad come to nurse him, at- Mr. ..Simmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack- bit had leftno/WiU, as is often the case with: those whose business it isto make wills. During the last few week Mrs. Simmon had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her infirm state formed a principal reason for .Mr, Simmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimmon's hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and bis shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghostof-her former self— yes, aghost even of her changed self — entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon.. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach', and flew to open the 'door. Keziah fell into her arms, crying hysterically, " I have- coipe, Mau4, .like a. beggar , 'to bgiSter.' ' Ifiave ' rip pride 'Stift now, Maud." j \- Maud 'half carried,' half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kizzy. In an incredibly short rime refreshment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither and thither, swift at in the old-days, carried most of the things with her own handB, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where -were all the short curls gone! The hair was horn quite dose to her bead. And her cheeks, how sunken they were ! _ Maud had placed her self so that the head might rest against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and re mained cramped in one position for nearly ; two -hours, rather than wake her darling. Then Keziah opened her large startled eyes, and said pleadingly and quickly — "Look, I will tell yon something. Don't, send me out just .jet, , I have nowhere to go to." Then she recollected herself, and said, "Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was badr in the hospital again. Oh, Maud," she cried, flinging her arms about her friend's neck, "how glad I am it is true lam here." Maud answered only by her caresses. Then Keziah drew her head back, and looked into her friend's eyes inquiringly. "Do you know i she asked. -" Have you heard " "Dearest Kizzy," replied Maud, "if I have 'have Heard, and if I know, I do .not reproach you ?" "Reproach met" said Keziah, looking nuzzled. " Well, yes, I did provoke him ; but I am repentant now, Maud ; I will go back to him and beg his forgiveness." Was it nossiMe that Keziah did not know that her hnsband was dead ft It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her -conversation. She might know nothing. "Kizzy," she said, taking' the worn face . between 'hcr bands— the face that had nothing to teGommtoddthwut its pathos—" Kizzy,. you your husband." . Keziah the words she had ' heard, but te Jtpue. She looked for more,' auddid-not speak. ' - " Kizzy," my own love, you are free ; your hnBbaud is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the conch, and sobbed hysterically. Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. ' Oh. that I had been a better wife to bim. It might never have ended so." , And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziab, and laid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. " Kjzzy," she said in'her ear, " at least if you did go away with him. you have lei t him now." Keziah started up at the words, snd looked her friend in the face. I— go away with him, Maud ! Who flares to say it Maud only cried, "Thank God! it i'b not true." " True, Maud 1" said Keziah. " No : I have sunk low, but not so low as that." "Oh, Kizzy, forgive me for having believed it," said Maud humbly. ' But you 6ee it looked so much like it, that you and he should both disappear." "He disappear!" exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. Is he not ia Leamington then ?" _ j>o ne nas never oeen ntara oi since mat night.; Your brother Jubal came in here and told me ail about it." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, Where . isyonr husband, Mandr'l ' ' He is in London, Kizzy. being examined. We will not talk of Mm, if you don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had not.vou better go to bed ? T don't think you should talk any more to- j night." " "But I muBt know one thing more. Of : course, my baby has gone to fathers r" ' j Yes, and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah's face, as 3he heard this, and she said contentedly, " Then - I think I will go to bed. Maud." j It must have been about 3 o'clock in the i morning. -when both Maud and Keziah awok6 with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash; - I " Whatever can it be ?" said Maud and she j flung on tier dressing-gown and -went out. But though she searched the house all tl r ;ugh. she ' found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing j displaced, nothing of any kind to account for j the noise. Still the sound had been so loud and of so startling a character; that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light j burning- and talked. Keziah related to her friend i .how she had wandered alou g the road to W over- j hamptoc in the night time; and then how a break ! came, and she could remember nothing until she j j awoke in one of the wards of the Wover- j ! hauiTjica Hospital ; 3.udshe was told she had had ! a iever. When she was well enough to go our, tliey had given her the mouev they had ; found in her clothes, and she had come straight I j to Manchester. ! i Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again ; and Maud remained awake. The sound she bad heard had been exactly like the 1 smashing of the hall-lamp by something falling j upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indeed to end a night of wondering and sileuce. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the dcor. How eariv the post is this morning," she I thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed ana i ell. crying, in a suffocAting voice, My darling's dead, he's dead." Keziab, weak though Bhe was, gained her side, picked up and read the telegram. Yes, he was 'dead. Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And ; when at last she came to herself, it was only to j cry. " He is dEad ! and now he will never learn to love me again." She became so ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He qrdercd what is always ordered iu such cases, and can never be obtained — rest. And the day wore on. and Keziah and Maud wept in corn- party. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars csme. Tom Towers had passed bis examina- tion, and had gone to hia hotel, and right up to his room, which was at the top. And by acci dent, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the top, to the bottom of that great, building, smashing the hall lamp hy his fall. " Inside was a, letter adiressed in his hand- ( writing to his wife. "Read it, Kizzy.". she said, "for I cannot.'' Kizzv opened it and j read, with dilated eyes and horror ia her face : — " I have passed my examination, Maud, my own much- loved wife, and shall end it all to night. Shall I tell you why ? I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor E! worthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to_ have died and never told you. But yon might hear of it someway. You would bear it better coming from zne. The money I have had from you at different times -.has- been to purchase the silence of a man who. saw me commit the deeed. ' And now with my last words I beg you to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more wheu I am gone. You will, I know, lielieve I did not- mean to do it. And now I enter ©u another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I am sure vou will. " Torn Heautbkokxn Husband." Kezish did not show this letter to M-ud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, due to over-excitement from examination." Maud, never saw his body, and never Aven i saw the coffin. She felt it "would have Irilled her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XLIX. — J i'bai Isarnrcra wrs Uncjlk in ihk Wats of Society. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in January, two years after Keziah Hackbit and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations were being made at The Chestnuts at Bowdon for'a party which Mh Dat$E3KTftiTndu was to give to some of his nepheyR&jbMpds.; Jubal, who:now boasts oi down on bis upper lip. and has gyownbrbader and handsomer, stands with his back towards tbe drawing-room fire, his hands thrust into his trousers pockets and his head poised super ciliously. p Dvid, anxious and nerraqs, watches .hU.Tflphew'a facej as if to leafu hta Sitfteiit or . v- ' x ;. ' ' ' /"< » -.7&V1;&.- "Well, Jubal," he remarked, passing one hand through his hair, which was growing very scanty now, "does the room look like other people's now ? Do you like it ?" " Well, really, uncle," replied Jabal, breaking into a light laugh and showing a shining row ofteeth, " as I chose all the things, it would he praising myself if I said I liked tnem.'' David hooked both his thumbs into the arm- holes of his waistcoat and looked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, of coarse, Jubal," be. said; " but is the furniture properly put in the room ? You sea I've no other room to compare it with." "Oh, yes" Jubal allowed, "it looks well enough." He had got into tbe way of not expressing much pleasure at anything, "And uncle, if you don't mind my . mentioning .it, perhaps it may be as well that yon should not put your thumbs in your waisfcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows ara apt to take these things for indi- obfi?yowmpi)r: And Jm uflaea vrtfhtmt ! uotuarig the maimer in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, " don't you think really now that yon conla manage to use h's just a little? I shouldn't like to bear the fellows describe you as 'young Simmon's uncle, innocent of h's. Fin sore Med win laughed when you asked bim to come to your 'ouse; and after all, it's a simple enough matter to say ' bouse,' and so much hangs on it." Poor David was completely in a flatter, and .all the more likely to show badly before the (< fellows" on that account. "You .see, Jubal," he said, not at all crossly, "I never had much schooling; I went to work when I was " ''And there's another thing," said Jubal, flushing. " Pray, don't refer to tbe time when you went to work." There was almost impatience in the tone in which David replied to - .this. " It .may be an easy matter-to you, JubaL Bat at my time of life it's no easy matter: I have managed to get on and make a little money without h's ; though I am bare Tvdidn't know tiiat I talked any different to other people before." " That'swhat I thought," said Jubal, "and for that reason I draw you attention to it. Don't imagine that I wish to hurt your feelings." But Jubal had hurt his uncle's feelings, and very deeply too ; but he, with hiB native gentleinanliness, which existed despite bis lack of h's, did not turn upon his nephew with a rode rejoinder, aa that young gentleman would certainly have done, could they have exchanged places. Neither did he wound Jubal's feelings by telling htm of the wound he had inflicted, thereby proving himself the true gentleman ; for are not all the rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelings oi others ? 41 T don't mind ftlhrinir unvBiino." nnid — — — — . — -r> — j „, — David, " if lam able to do it, and it's for your welfare." " I thought you'd take it like that," returned Jubal. 44 You're an awfully good fellow." If Jubal imagined that this salve would heal -the tfqund he had inflicted, . he Was mistaken. . He had rdtibto hia'uncle of confidence, and given him mistr ust of himself in place of it. He had called his' uncle a bear,' ana thought that patting him on the head, and saying, " Good feilow," as he might have done to a dog, would quite make up for it. He might have re membered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for tbe pats upon the sore places given him in token of reconciliation. But on the streugth of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded, Jubal thought he would continue the lesBon which had been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his uncle's feelings ; as those who do not love scarcely ever have. "And yon know, uncle," he went on, " gentlemen don't say ' Sir' to one another. In fact, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a name at all, you from your position might- use the surname alone, as soon as you know them a little ; otherwise you can say ' Mr. So and-So,' but never 4 Sir.' " " Well, that, is stran-re," said David. " I was brought up to think 'Sir the right thing," 'Never mind what your bringing up was," returned Jubal. " I'll tell vou the way to treat these fellows. You must y retend to look down on them instead of an to them." 44 Is there any necessity at all for that ?" said David. 44 Why should there be looking down or looking up?" "That's jnst what it is," Jubal replied. " There's always looking down and looking : up. And so you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You 'musn't remember anything except that you're a manufacturer and a rich .man; ana these fellows may he swells and all that, but I can, j tell you,- between onrselvts, they often don't know which way to turn for money ; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you I into your 6i|it.so that you may have time to get i used to it a bit." . This suit was of a pattern such as David had ' never had on before. But, as Jubal had told , his. uncle, he dressed altogether out of his position. | " Yes, I'll put the suit oa if you like, JubaL . I'm afraid it woii't look very well on me. And | you didn't -tell me what these round tables >re for, Jubal." " Oh. never mind about that," replied his nephew. 44 Come and have yonr clothes on." j As they parsed oat at the door, David looked back ruefully at bis metamorphosed drawing- room. It was very .pretty, with its rose- | COlOuTcQ CuT laluS "tin IiirltiuTc pdic vupcv| j and strange cabinets. But 'David's drawing- room was gone. He could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on that couch. It made him i tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't j use the room for anything any more. -Every- j tbing was gone that he wanted, and everything I there was useless to him ; and there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when he ; looked at the tpbt formerly occupied by an old- ' f&ehicned; bureau which would open, out, and on | which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he kept his camomile flowers, from which he made herb tea, as he called it. It was hard I to Eee this spot occupied by a perfectly useless j thing with glass in front, through which conld i be seen a number of very ugly curiosities, j However it had been inevitable, as the new suit j proved to be. 1 44 There, uncle, you'll look something like, I now," said young tiimmon, standing at a little distance for the purpose of judging the effect of I this new tailoring achievement, j 44 It doesn't feel very comfortable," David | remarked, ruefully. 44 It's too" tight around ; the waist. I must undo this button." " Oh, no ; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil the effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you see, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." 44 It's very hot and uncomfortable up bere," said David, feeling towards his chest. " It seems too thick somehow." " If it's hot all the better this cold weather. Tlaw alisiawa nil a Af nai'nn in 41i ami if 4.UC1 a fife wiv wa |tauutug iu av makes the coat sit welL You'll get to like it." 44 But, really, I can assure yon, Jubal," sail his. uncle, iu some concern. " I can't wear, these shoes. They hurt me.' I'm. sure ,theyrq-4wo. sizes too small." " You didn't say so in the shop. Besides, it's all rubbish. If people have been used to wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy uieir feet are confined too closely in a pair of ordinary shoes." " Bat why can't I pat on the pair of slippers that Kizzy worked for me ?" pleaded Davia. " Oh, if you're going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. " I'll try to get used to them,'' said David. "Perhaps, if X walk about in them, they'll get easier." And he made the attempt. "Oh-h-h," cried Jubal, aghast. "Yon . mustn't limp about like that. The fellows'll. roar." 44 Perhaps they'll get easier just now," said poor David, 44 or else I shall really he obliged i to take them off." j " Oh, bless you, you'll get used to it, uncle. Everybody's boots "hurt them, only they pre tend they don't. I'm sure mine do ; and, you see, you've always the advantage of being. able to put on some big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent. He was ruminating- If society made sueh demands as these, it must surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, nut then that was bis ignorance. . Taking advantage of tbe silence, Jabal went on talking. "I'm glad that the waiter has arrived in good time. I shall go in and give him some directions. And mind you don't treat him as if he's a stranger, and had ia for the evening. You must order. him about well, you know. And voa mustn't say 'please' to him, nor 4 thank you : people never do that in society." Poor David felt himself in a labyrinth of new formalities and ideas. He knew his troubles were not over. Children are to be pitied some times when, under merciless, teachers, they tread their first steps toWflMs learning ; hut how much more the old yBQul vfho tafces his first lessons at the tyrannical and merciless school of society. .. CHAPTER X.— JtrnAi.'a Fbiend3. : - As eight o'clockv approached,-. thq bpill "-wng, \ and 'David treffiMto;; - He' had . been1 told r" Jubal that he must receive the guests, and he inwardly wished that the earth would receive i him. Bat the. earth it not kindly in this respect ; and" though for .indefinite centuries she has been frequently called upon to perform tbis office, she has but rarely been known to ac cede to the demand, and in these few cases the . result has probably not produced all the satis faction desired. \- The waiter announced! the Honourable Pel- ham Winterf old and Mr. Allan Denleigh. David nervously shook hands, and slunk into the back- ground, while the new arrivals ex changed greetings of a freer kind with the nephew, whom they called " Simmon." They appeared to have dined, and were in strikingly Mgh spirits. - \- "Snug little place you have here," remarked Winterfold, addressing 'David, who started violently, and muttered something inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Denleigh, throiyipg himself unceremoniously upon one of the newsttoh dlmtra,'' add abating out a highly- Bcenteff handkerchief before applying it to tne prominent feature of his face. "Are we to playhigh or low. to-night?" in quired Winterfold, backing towards the fire, and remainlngstationary in front of it. 44 As far as H am concerned," said Mr. Den leigh, in a high treble, "half-crowns are all the pieces I am worth. Played out, you know, fast night. Awful bad luck. We were all at Springwood's. Deuced hot time of it. Spring- ano&pere; won everything." "He's a trifle too sharp," replied Winterfold. 1 " Bat, yon see, one must be willing to pay a little for one's pleasures; and his daughters are deucedly fine aids." " WInterfold's going to induce the youngest to many him and leave the stage," said Den leigh, winking at Jubal. " She'd make a charming 'my lady,' some day." " Thanks," sua Winterfold, without moving any feature except his upper hp, which curled slightly, 44 Marrying's not In my line. Betides, I don't consider that Miss Juliet or her sisters would be mnch good in electioneering, and everything depenas bq a man's wife if he has a parliamentary career before him ; doesn't it, Mr. Simmon ?" he said, appealing to David. David was. so much aghast at what be had heard, that bie could, not stammer out a word of reply. He had not understood the conver sation in the least ; but he was under the im pression that all was not right.- . So he pre tended not to hear when Winterfold addressed him, and examined a picture on the wall, as if he had never seen it before. "You'd do a lot in Parliament," remarked Jubal ; ' you need -to have a wife who would do something. - And! don't think Miss Juliet can do anything, unless it's dancing ; she can't aetatall; and as for tinging — well, I can't think what Springwood's dreaming about, to putin so many songs for her." 44 WelL von see Wintnrtold rmmnnd. 44 the British theatregoer has not a very good ear for music, and she always gets applauded. But whatever be her merits, sne'B not for me, even : if I wished it. She's already the secret pro perty of a certain judge who often dines at my father's table,, and pieacheA morality , to my young brothers and sisters." ' v v . Another ring at the "bell. " Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as he thought, In shaking hands with Mr. Springwood, he remarked with cordiality, " Why, I knew someone of yonr name, Mr. Springwood; I wonder if it was a relation of yours." 44 Very likely, 'indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. 4< Pve a great many about." At which there wasa loud laugh, for which David saw no reason. Where did the people live that you knew ?" went on Mf. Spring- wood, with the utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as close to him as he con veniently could, his head perched on one side, taking it all in. 44 In Staffordshire," said David, 44 the Sprinwoods lived I knew. They were butty colliers, and worked in the Troworth mines." " In that case,' broke in Denleigh, " I can answer -for it they were ho relatives of this Springwood, who is moat highly connected in every way, I can assure you upon which there was another loud laugh, in Which every body joined except Springwood, who ap peared rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship. 44 Don't look back. Spring wood ."said Winter- fold, aggravatingly, " or else you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that the admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted -for by - thoBe who have the privilege of knowing him in private." 44 If I . couldn't write any better than that," said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, " I shouldn't ; have been so successful sb I have been." " Ah, tohe'sure," chimed ih Denleigh,- "you write paragraphs for the Police 21 ews now, don't you ' " If 'l did." replied Scratch, hotly, 44 it might be possible that you would figure in one of- them." ' Oh ho," broke from the rest of them. Mr. Sheridan Springwood had received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface ; for he bad never yet played Othello, though he was most atafcitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that he might have made this desire of his public after taking a little too much brandy. He looked upon himself as a spirit in chains, for he was at present playing Blue Beard in his father's theatre, where nothing- beyend low burlesque was ever at tempted. David felt sorry for him, though he did not in the least comprehend the situation. 44 Are yon fond of acting, sir ?" asked Mr. jbiuiiuou, us part. "Ism obliged to be, whether I am or not," replied the actor. ".It is my profes sion." " Oh, indeed said Mr. Simmon, looking at him with a new interest " I -was not aware of that." And he stared at him, thinking with in - himself that an actor, looked uncommonly like an ordinary man. " I don't know what we've got to amuse you, gentlemen," went on David. 44 We might get upachaTaae, as you are fond of acting." A great roar of laughter followed this bold sug gestion, in which all joined except Jubal, who looked very angry, and remarked that they were not infants in arms, any of them, and that they would have a .rubber of whist as soon as the other fellows should arrive. They did arrive before he had done speaking ; and were announced ; " Mr. Hufus Harris, Mr. Hanson, and Mr. Medwin."' After a hurried touch of hands, the gentle men placed themselves round two of the tables, and David saw now what they were for. Packs of cards began to be shuffled. At the table nearest to David, Winterfold, Denleigh, Spring- wood, and Scratch were seated; at the other, the rest of the party. The weiter came in with glasses and bottles, much to David's astonishment ; and feeling himself quite like a fish out Of water, he made his escape through the open door, that he might be able to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the .course of half an hour, he foundit in a 3tate of uproar. A sharp alterca tion was going on between Winterfold and the comedian, in wnicn a glass had been knocked off the table and smashed, at which Me. Scratch abstractedly aimed an empty Kittle. David conld hardly believe his eyes. He was still more startjed wheu he observed Mr. Denleigh gathering up half-crowns and -pocketing them with a delighted smile. " They must be gambling," thought David. But Jubal assured him this was not the case ; that each man would he given back all his half- crowns at tbe end, when the party broke np, which statement was received with a burst of applause by the company, and which poor Davie took in. David didn't smoke, and the drawing- room was getting really stifling by means of the fumes of eight cigars, and he was literally compelled to absent himself. This be did rather unwillingly ; for he .was, in fact, any thing but easy at the course things seemed to be taking. Not knowing, what else to do with himself, he went into his dining- room, where an elaborate supper was laid, and he dreaded the moment when he should have to sit at the head of it. The noise in the drawing-room increased. He heard a crash, which he afterwards discovered to be caused by the fall of some of the glass pendants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. Scratch had aimed another bottle. Random throwing was always a feature in his form of drunkenness. David thought he would quite as soon enter a lion's den as go back into the drawing-room. He waited for them to break loose upon him in the dining-room, when they should choose to have supper, which they did soon after 12. The drawing-room door was flung open, and the party came out quite steadily, to David's great surmise : they did not appear to be very drank. Jubal placed Winterfold at David's right hand. The rest took their seats as they liked, and with an air of being perfectly at home. " No journal'll get any paragraph from you, Scratch, " remwriKed Hanson , who was sitting niext to him. - Y-du've not been looking out for anything, yoo.knpw." " Oh, indeeq#eplied Mr. Scratch, frying . to fix his eye upon the speaker, but failing, in the attempt, for that organ would wander, all about tbe room indefinitely, and his mouth was stretched into a strange smile, though he was in anythrag but a goodhumoar, mil,"" jfiisa Median,'- who ifrasTdjwu the orhar side of Hanson. 44 He's; always sending in wrong in formation." ".-That's quite, true," admitted Mr- Scratch. " You see, when there's no information, what's one to do?" David heard this, and asked in some anxiety, "Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you invent things to send as news to the papers ?" j 44 Well, you see, I must live," was the reply. David forgot to go on carving for a moment. He was thinhng within himself that this accounted for statements inthe papers getting contradicted the next day. At last David went on with his work and with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who was helping himself to the wine rather freely, asindeed most .of .the company seemed to be doing, without ceremony. ' "My nephew tells me you are at Cam bridge," he began (he nearly said " sir.") 44 Well, no, "replied Winterfold, with an ap proach to a grin, 44 1 was there." "Ah;" said David, "it's the vacation now, isn'tit? When will you be returning ?" This auestion was greeted with laughter. especially by Denleigh, who explained to David that Winterfold was 44 down" for a v ear. 44 Down ?" said David, interrogatively. 44 That is, he's not to go back to Cambridge for a year." "Oh," said David, "I understand you. Your health gave way, I suppose, sir ?" 44 Well, no," replied Winterfold, who cer tainly did look in pretty good health, "I was rent down. Had a difference with the tutor, you know." 44 Yes," chimed in Denleigh, 44 and it was an awful shame, for he would have been sure to have come out Senior Wrangler if he had stayed up." . David, out of politeness, felt obliged to con tinue the conversation. "It must be very pleasant at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very solemn." 44 You've never seen a degree day, have you, Mr. Simmon?" broke in Denleigh, tossing off a glass of wine as he spoke. David confessed that he had not. 44 Very solemn," said Winterfold, "very. I got Bent down because I smiled at one. You're not allowed to smile in the Senate House. And yet it's difficult not to do so when you're so full of pleasure at the sight of eo much greatness. The Public Orator makes a speech in Latin." 44 Bather difficult to follow, isn't it?" aticed Mr. Simmon. - " Oh, no, not at all," asserted Winterfold. 44 We're examined in it after." 44 1 don't quite understand," said David. "This is it," put in Denleigh, winking at Winterfold. 44 They think it well in the universities to train spontaneous memory, and one of the means is to reproduce the Public Orator's speech." 44 A w n ttiVan Yiova WAH A 4hie 9 GAA «« "" vt uai 9 jj wu liu \4v ullo a uuuu aibca waids?" asked David. 44 The following Sunday," answered Winter- fold. 44 Just before the sermon at the 'Varsity Church." " I didn't know they had anything of. that sort in churches," David remarked, considerably astonished. 44 But l should like to know how they give the degrees." "Well, the vice-Chancellor, yon know, he sits at one end." " Does he tit waiting for them to come in?" inquired David, trying to get details. " Oh, no. He has to march three times round the town first, in gorgeous robes, preceded by two big fellows with silver pokers, and masks on ; and then they walk all the way up the Senate House, when it's fall, to have better effect; after which the Vice-Chancellor Bits- down, as I told you.9' 44 Is anybody allowed to go in?" asked David. "Oh, yes. And it gets pretfy foil, I can tell yon." "I suppose yon cheer your friends when they take their degree," David observed. Winf old shook his head. " Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in tbe Senate House." 44 It's very strange," replied David, " but I've somewhere got hold of another impression about that." " Misinformed," said Denleigh, 44 misin formed." 44 The best lark is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. " Those fellows who are gorng to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as any- hnrlp aIrp. Thnu ntiifn mfmnioa +lia T7Jaa_ Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many -herrings. No doubt they would like ns to applaud, hut, you see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Little- go to go in for," went on the speaker, with con siderable warmth;. 44 they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up taking their degree quite 60 soon. A lot of 'em came and dined at our college, at the high table, where I used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." 44 What do they talk about, now?" said David, addressing the fellow-commoner. . "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. 44 They did nothing but pay each other compliments. I. know one was trying not to get out of tamper: with another — something about the weight of' the world. One said it weighed a quarter of an ; ounce more than the other ; and that's how it was. I think." . " I say, Fuss," said Denleigh to Ruf us Harris, who was usually so nicknamed by. his friends, " do you remember when Professor Stargazer had ms degree?" 44 1 remember what followed it, if I don't remember that," answered Harris. 44 What was it?" inquiied Scratch, anticioat- ing a paragraph. i ou d better ask Winterfold; he knows most about it. " He wasn't my friend, at any rate. It was my tether he knew," broke out Winterfold, indignantly. " I don't know what he called kt my rooms tor. I didn't want to see him, I'm sure." 44 Then why did you offer to take him to tee the boats r" 44 1 didn't. It was be who asked me to go with him." " Well, you needn't have led bin through such frightful mire," went on Harris. 44 Be sides, it didn't look dignified to see himruntfihg by the aide of the river, as you made him. And it wafiitoo bod to get him in such a mess. " 44 1 Buppoee he knew what the river banks were likely to be when he asked," returned Winterfold. 44 Ho did'nt, I'll swear." 44 Well, he wasn't disgusted with me, at any rate, for he came into breakfast with me next morning, and a deuced lot it cost. However, Iteid'iit to pay for it ; it went down in the " Do you have breakfast in your own rooms then ?" asked David, breaking in once more. ' "Oh, yes," replied Winterfold, "if a pint of coffee and a roll and batter can be called break fast." "Really now. are you not allowed to choose what you like?" "Oh, no, hot at alL Plainest possible diet regulated strictly. Harris had the time of it; hejlodged out, np in Lily Crescent ; and he passed the evenings throwing toast into the opposite winnows, wnere anoiner reiiow lpagecu : There are shops underneath, and the toast fell on the people who went into them sometimes, and lumps of sugar too.'' ' , 44 Who was it started the toast-throwing " put in Harris,' " I should like to know? Both of you were were in my rooms at that time at any rate." , ' 44 Yes ; and I recollect," observed Dehleigh "that you locked ns in the room till after twelve, and got us gated." 44 Really," said David, 44 1 had no idea that gentlemen went to universities to amuse them, selves— really I hadn't/" m The three undergraduates laughed on hear ing this. "Look here, Mr. Simmon" said Harris, with great solemnity, 44 1 saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor «ot wind of ns, and the slavey let him into the house. You've no idea what awful slavevs . those lodging-house ones are. There ou»ht to be a university regulation to make them "wash themselves ; you'd say so if you could see one. Well, when I heard the proctor comin» up stairs " 44 What is a proctor ?" asked David. 41 Oh, a kind of university policeman " re plied Harris. " I just locked the dofer and let those two swarm down a rope I've got 'into the street, and there they were, you know : and I made out there was something the matter with the lock, until they had gone clean off, down the rope at any rate. When the projf tor q»n» in, he saw only me and my reading- Tamp aQd my books. He was quite amazed when I asked him if anything were the matter quite politely, you may be sure. He paid fce cer. tainly thought he heard an uprfcar coming from this very window. I suggested the rooms opposite as the seat of the disturbance and complained of the difficulty "0f working while there was such a rcw." ' 44 That was a very narrow escape ' said David. "I hope it was a lesson to you all." " Oh," remarked Springwood, derisively. " I don't call that anything of a sanation." ' Yon try it, that's all," said Denleigh, hotly; I "He'ilfry ajopemwnotbu, suggested Scratch, who was gifting rather far gone, and hiccupped consider ,blv. 44 I'm not going to give you t&e; pleasure of writing that paragraph, xetortec 1 Springwood. you hav&_ Oh;", he said, torm® g i&HaaSon.; 44 1 wish I tad-half that fellow's uhauces. He's always losing tbem. Only the other day he was sent specially to report on the health of a I certain member of "Parliament who had been lying at the point of death, and while he was waiting for latest details , he hanged if he didn't go and get drank, and when the details were given him, he couWte't understand a word of it, and there was nothing in the papbr next morning about it-'' . „ _ „ „ . , "But tliers Wfl-s a jolly roWj Scratch, allowed. , , . , ... I " I wonder they any more to do with you on the paper/' observed Medwin, who said very little, but. generally managed to make that little offensive. " They knew whom to value," said Scratch, laboriously 44 It'8 more than you seem to." "I tell vou another thing Scratch did,'.' re marked Hanson- 44 Young Simmon doBsn't. know it, I think. He went to a great tem perance meeting where. Lord > laterfold was preddine.9- " " Ah " sa#L Wxnteraoia, appreciatively, " my dad's artful on the teetotal question." « iiovAn't imbibed much of his spirit, at anv rate." Ditin Jubal, laughing. 7i j prefer t imbibe Bpirit of another sort," replied Winterfold. This was pretty evident from his action at this moment. The genlWman about whom the story was to be told began a devil's tattoo on the table wish two glowe8 to drown the voice of the Mr. Han«pn only raised his voice, and was rmrfertlv «iidible; while Medwin, who was EL sapportferin allthtogs, took the glasses from Scratch's hands, and flung them quietly under the table, for which he was applandrii. 44 j 88y Scratch want to this meeting where Lord "Winterfold was preridnig; sent on pur pose to report his speech, and be hanged if he didn't go drank to the meeting and fall asleep in the middle of it, and jnst half of the speech was reported in the paper next day, and the had to make something up to round "wdBa4 the compositor," exclaimed the indignant Scratch, " who rohnded it off." 44 Thafs quite immaterial to the story," said Medwin.' " Somebody had to round it off. at any rate,! whether it was the compositor or the "And'yet he wasn't turned off the paper," anifl Hanson. - 4( Here you behold him nourish ing like a green bay tree. You wouldn't take him be a poet, now, to look at him," went on his tormentor. The whole company agreed that they cer- tainly should not. " Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, fhpf g0t published in the 4 Kangaroo,' that he got his position. He was only a penny-a-liner before tben, and now he can take what he Scratch suggested that he should like totake t M 1 1 1 1 ! n n Itt on #Av4liiinfTi lia IioYnoil himself, after which he turned very affection ately to Springwood, and announced his inten tion of dying if Juliet did not return his affection. 44 She cares no more for me," teud journalist,' " than if 1 were nobody," which was probably the truth. David began to be alarmed at the prosp'sct o some private revelation- None followed, how ever. But Scratch fervently promised Spring- wood that, he would write the -best notice imaginable about the new burlesque then1 coming on. " Look here, old fellow," he said, " you shall write down what yon want me to ray, and I'll put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hands, andtscratch Invited himself to lunch at Spring- wood's'the following Monday, where he would catch a glimpse of Miss Juliet before she went to rehearsal. Here, without any prelnde, Mr. Denleigh announced in song his intention of not going home till morning. All the company, except David, joined bim in this, and a great noise ensued. It was about 3 o'clock in the morning when a flood of light shot acroBS the path from The Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figures turned out, still insisting that they were not going home till morning. Most of them had not far to go, fortunately. But Springwood and Scratch had to get into the heart of Manchester somehow. As a matter of fact they didn'tget home at all that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's sitting down on a stone inthe high road, and refusing to stir, declaring in sepulchral tones |L4 Itaa Ja4-a«A A lia 4TVOTM1 AT nlo . umv iiuo woa uio ucauobuuu wi «uc w fallen genius. j As for Jubal, he was stretched at full length under the dinihgroom table, until his uncle and .the waiter carried him upstairs ; the former, wretched and dazed, not in the least knowing 3vhat action to take; and repenting as bitterly |that he had adopted Jubal: j CHAPTER LL— The Deni/eighs. About two miles outside Bowdon was a ; dreary 'streteh of land, productive chiefly of thistlftB. A widish brook intersected this piece of waste, and pollard willows _of gaunt and' weird proportions flourished on its banks. No other trees were to be seen, with the exception of three solitary straight poplars that stood sentinel over a bed of osiers. The land was put to no sort of use, and had a man-and- God forsaken aspect rarely to be met with, bat not easily to be forgotten. No cows grazed there, no cottagers made use of the deserted place to run pigs or ducks out, no birds' ever seemed to be singing in the immediate neighbourhood ; not even a donkey browsed there, though his favourite herb was most abundant. A narrow footpath lay right across it by the side of the brook, and finally crossed the brook by a little bridge, with a rail on one side only. The path was not mucn worn, as mere was a mure uireui. road than across these fields to almost any where it could lead to. At one season of the year it neatly always became flooded. The people who owned this land lived, in an old-fashioned great house, situate in a valley about half a mile distant from it. Tbe reader might conclude either that there was no master to li'« establishment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the case. Colonel Denleigh scarcely ever left the house, which everyone else in it devoutly wished he could leave. They led but a dreary life, except when the colonel's nephew and a chance friend came' home from Cambridge. Mrs. Denleigh, a tall lady, with much to boast of in the way of ancestors, and an indescribable air of never for- a moment for getting that she used to be young and good- looking, invited such society as could be got together, considering that her husband was a . confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to ! quarrel, and that she was encumbered with a rather plain, daughter, who, if she did not know that she was plana, had the lesson, pretty well drummed into her in her daily cont act with her worthy parents. It will be imagined that YTinterfold's advent was a perfect godsend. "For who knows," said Mrs. _ Denleigh to her husband, when he was in a rather better temper than usual, which was not saying much, 44 but what he may marry Amelia off ourhaSnls? I do tofafc there's nothing so disagreeable and irritating to Bee a girl meta morphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes." " None of the other fellows that have come — H wni/vJ tiav 9). flAl uwti uavo 1uiuaicu — snappishly. 44 Everybody isn't such a born fool as I was." Mrs. Denleigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that she went on without noticing it; 44 It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties and to balls. She doesn't show there. She shines in a domestic light. 1 Therefore if we wish to marry her, we must bring young men to stay in the house and see what she is." 44 If she shines in a domestic light," said the irritable father, 44 it's more than her mother does." This conversation, with slight variations, took place at least cnce or twice in every vaca tion, when Allan proposed to bring a friend home. On Sunday morning following the party at The Chesnuta, the colonel, with the aid of the the bntler and one or two more servants, had been landed in the breakfast parlour, and waa angrily looking out cn a dreary stretch of lawn, and a partially frozen fishpond atthe bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed him. It was the one drawback to Son- day, in his opinion. For this reason it was but peevishly that he replied to the greeting of Winterfold, who entered the room as faded- looking as any painted beauty appears at her breakfast-table after a night's revet 44 Morning," grunted the colonel. 44 Think we shall have any skating?'' asked Winterfold, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a mTtr handkerchief. 44 How can I tell?" replied the coloneL 44 The weather's nothing to do with me. I wish they'd bring that breakfast in. Where's Allan ?" 44 Here, uncle," said that gentleman, entering the room as washed-out as his companion. 44 Do you want me tor anything ?" 44 Where's Amelia r" " Hanj? it all, ancle, what's up with you this morning?" The colonel made no reply, but continued to scowl through the window. When Amelia came in, and nodded to her cousin and his companion, and kissed the colonel's forehead, .she seated herself at the table to dispense the breakfast, which had been ' brought in on her entrance. Perhaps she was a trifle plain, but .she looked very pleasant, which waa a credit to her in such a place. : "Are you going to help me up to the table or notf'.saidxhe oolohel-tohianEph&w.; ; M. Wly, «erttfinly»air,t! xephed the individual. : 44 But you mi$ht aak ih a different ' manner/4 j — — — — ——— —— And Winterfold oa one side, and Denleigh ou the other, escorted the bristling colonel to hiv accustomed seat. Conversation was not readily made, as the two young gentlemen had headaches; the elder gentleman , a general ache all over, produced teF combined rheumatism and gout, which, in iaei, had crippled him. As for Amelia she never talked much — perhaps becaura her elders-had set her the example of talking a great deal more than they should have done. She' did, how ever, ask if her cousin and Mr. Winterfold were going to church with her. w 44 We may as well go," said Denleigh totfaie companion, rather thin in answer to his courts. 44 We may see those girls." « 44 What girls?" inquired the coloneL " WelLtotellyouthetruth,wedon'tknotr/ replied Allan, "hut we know where tiwy Kve, and I wish aunt would call on their folks." m " What are they like?" the colonel proceeded to ask, with a ehow of interest. "Bather difficult to describe," raid his nephew. "They are both talL But I think the dark one's the prettiest. She's more piquant, at any rate." The colonel, who was always desirous to add to his acquaintance any good -looking women, mentally resolved that his wife should callnpow them, whoever they were and invito them tw his next dinner, if they could be got to noma. But he remarked aloud, not being able 'to ex press this to his wife at the moment, that h» did wish Mrs. . Denleigh would leave off thafl habit of having breakfast in bed, and com down, as any other lady would. Before breakfast was finished, Mrs. Denleigh did arrive, but dressed for church. "Look here, aunt,' began Allan at cnce "I'll show you those young ladies I spoke of to-day. Obey jare sure to be at church, arid uncle wantB you to call on them." 44 Which I shall not do until I can find out who they axe," said the proud lady, with haughty and disdainful look at her husband. 44 If army gentlemen are content to make in discriminate acquaintances, they can scaroefj expect their wives to folio WBuit." _ . .. That morning after church Depleigh manageS to get the Sector's wife to introduce the ladies: in question to his aunt. After a few common place remarks, the ladies passed on, andMre. Denleigh asked tbe Sector's wife who they were. 44 They are two widows who live together-, waB the reply. " Very qniet, and keep a great deal to themselves, I have heard. My. hus band has been insisting that I should get tfafwr out." "But do yon mean to tell me," said Mm. v Denleigh, " that that one with the short black, carls is a widow? She doesn't look out of her teens." "She is a widow, and has a little hoy. X have seen him out with his nurse. But ne ue v g4j gtvooxiouucu« ckuu nut luuuij lot) jvu wun at the chili" A few minutes later, as they were walking along the road bordering on the waste land we have spoken of, Winterfold descried .two. black figures moving leisurely along at the tide of the brook. He indicatec| Jhe fact to his friend; and when once the &uie;> of their own party had turned round th& fedrner which led; into ' their own grounds, Winterfold and Dealeqdk made a simultaneous rash towards the. lira bridge that led across tbe brook into the waste land, and then walked leisurely enough toward! the two black advancing figures. " We must take off our fiats, because, yonsee. we have been introduced," said Winterfold. 44 We've no need to wait for them." They were quite close to the ladies now, and off went the hats. The two girls bowed sHghtly and gravely, and passed on, talking together. The young men were now uncertain what to do. 44 We may as well go on to the high road/ said Denleigh. "They are bound to comeback this way, unless they go hy the high road ; flee that way leads nowhere except to our house or else following them. Deuced cheek, whichever it is." And as the stranger passed by them, they greeted bim with a haughty stare, which, he returned with one equally haughty. (to be continued.) 