SOCIAL. Tho Mayoress of Sydney, Mrs. W. P. Manning, resumed her monthly receptions in licr rooms at tho Town-hall last Monday afternoon. A number of ladies availed them selves of tho opportunity of calling on tho Mayoress, amongst them being Mrs. Richard Teece, Mrs. II. M'Quado, .Mrs. Alfred Holt, Mrs. George Munro and Miss Munro. Tho same evening the Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney gave a dinner party, the mail being served in tho Mayor's reception-room at the Town-hall. There were present Admiral Parrayon, Sir William and Lady Manning, Miss Manning, Captain Bcsson, Captain Gadaud, Mr. and Mrs. Austin, Mrs. W. Martin, Miss Florence Martin, Miss Woollcy, Miss TricUelt, Miss Manning, Dr. Maurin, Lieutenant do fjilaus, M. do Courtois.Mr. \V. 15. Manning. Mr. Robert iSefton entertained a large party of guests to a musical evening, fol lowed by dancing, which he gave at I'ettys Hotel last Monday evening. Mrs. L. P. Iredale, of Yoolhi, and Mrs. P. Johnson, acted as hostesses. The veraudah of tile hotel was decorated with flags and ferns and lighted by Chinese lanterns, making a cool resting puree, which many were glad to avail themsoives of during such a hot evening. Amongst tho guests present were Mrs. Miteholl and the. Misses Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. Love, Mr. and Mrs. Curnow and tho Misses Curnow, Mr. and Mrs. Sheridan, tho . Misses Fairfax, l)r. Worrall, Mr. Percy Brcnnan, Dr. M'Murray. Major J. M. Gordon, A.D.C. to tho Earl of Kintore, was married on February 29 to Miss Eily Fitzgerald, second daughter of the late Mr. Edward Fitzgerald, of Castlomaino and Brighton Beach (Victoria). ' The ceremony took place at St. James' Church, Elstern- wick. The bride, who was given away by her uncle, Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., wore a beautiful gown of white satin, with a tulle veil, fastened with diamond orna ments, falling over her long train. >She was attended by two bridesmaids, her sisters, Miss Kathleen and Miss Geraldinc Fitz gerald, who wore dresses of cream colored embroidered crepnn, trimmed willi lace and moire ribbon. With these dresses they wore Welsh hats, trimmed with cream colored velvet and Marguerites. The bridegroom's gifts consisted of pearl brooches, set in tho shape of true lovers' knots. The Archbishop of Melbourne officiated, assisted by the Rev. Father Carey, and tho Rev. Father M . Carter. Tho bride's train was carried by her nephew, Master Kenneth Prcndcrgast, who wore a court page's costume of blue velvet. Tho wedding Breakfast took plane at Ardmore, when the Archbishop proposed the health of tho newly-married couple. Major and Mrs. Gordon went to Healcsville for the honey moon, Mrs. Gordon wearing a blue and whito check tweed dress, made with a white vest, and a hat to correspond. A great number of wedding presents were received. On Wednesday last a pretty wedding took place in the grounds of Orwell, Potts Point, the residence of Mr. Louis I'liillips, when his eldest daughter, Mis3 Katie I'liillips, was married to Mr. Charles Hart, of West Mait- lnnd. The ceremony was performed by tho Rev. A. B. Davis under a canopy erected on tho lawn. Tho bride wore a simply-inado dress of white moire antique trimmed with txquisito point lace and ostrich feathers. Oil her head she wore a wreath of orange blos soms and a long tulle veil, and she carried a shower bouquet, which, with a diamond and pearl brooch, were the gifts of Mr. Hart. The bridesmaids were Miss Rosetta Phillips (the bride's sister) and Miss Rose and Enid Gotthclf, her cousins. They wore dresses of yellow silk veiled with cream-colored grena dine, straw hats trimmed with cream- colorcd ribbon and yellow quills. They car ried shower bouquets of yellow and white flowers. After the ceremony a reception was held, a band playing meanwhile 011 the lawn. Tho house was beautifully decorated with flowers and the garden was looking its best. The young couple received a great number of very handsome presents, which were on view. Amongst tho guests S resent were iur. ami tvirs. jNorrtiuu uoncn, lr. and Mrs. Gottholf, tho Misses Gotthelf, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Levy, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Marks, Mr. and Air s. Goldsehmidt, Mr. and Mrs. Victor Cohen, Mrs Fiillcrton and Aliss Bingham, Air. and Airs. Burton Bradley, Dr. and Mrs. Wright. After re ceiving the congratulations of their friends Mr. and Mrs. >lart left by the Melbourne express to catch the Oceana at Adelaide. Mrs. Hart wore a pretty travelling dress of fawn-colored tweed, with a brown velvet hat trimmed with Astracliau. The wedding of Air. Walter Beaumont, eldest son of Air. James Beaumont, to Aliss Turnbull, eldest daughter of the late Air. J'. A. Turnbull, took place recently at the residence of the bride's mother, -Barron Villa, Bourke-strcct, Woolloomooioo. The brido wore a pretty costume of China gross- cloth, trimmed with Maltese lace; her four bridesmaids were her sister, Aliss N. Turn- bnll, Miss Marion Beaumont, the bride- 5 room's sister, Miss Stewart and Aliss ohnson. Some pretty toilets wero worn by the guests. Amongst tho most noticeable was that worn by tho bride's mother, a handsome costume of heliotrope corded silk, trimmed with velvet ; Mrs. James Beaumont, the mother of the bridegroom, wore a black silk dress trinnncd with brocade; Mrs. David Wurby was dressed in a tailor-made grey gown trimmed with ereain color ; Airs. Thomas Stewart was in black and old gold ; Airs. Wangenheim wore black niervoilleux trimmed with black loco ; Mrs. Charles Hellmrich wore green and pink merveillcux ; Airs. Benjamin Levison wore a black silk dress trimmed with jet ; Mrs. Arthur Hart wore a white costume. On Wednesday last a very pleasant " house warming" in the form of a surprise party was given at St. James' I'ursonuoo, Croydon, to the Rev. Samuel and Mrs. Fox, by aoino members of the congregation. Selections of music aud sonic recitations were very effec tively rendered by diU'crent. members of the party, and a supper provided by tho ladies present was partaken of. Mr. F. . Walsh, of "Clenview," Marl- borough- street, Leichhardt, last Saturday evening invited a number of his friends inte rested ill the Single Tax to a " bachelor's tea." The iionse was prettily decorated for tho occasion with ferns and evergreens, Chineso lanterns and fairy lamps. After tile repast Mrs. Walsh and several other ladies received the party in the drawing-room, and tho evening was passed in ttie enjoyment of vocal and instrumental music, contributed by Mrs. Walsh, Airs. Skinner, and Messrs. E. W. Foxall, IV. E. Johnson, i'. R. Meggy, J. Ramsay, J. A. Bobbie and 0. F. Michcl- morc. A wedding was celebrated in St. Andrew's Cathedral on February 24- , when Mr. Herbert Younger, son of Air. Montague Younger, the cathedral organist, was married to Miss Florcneo Gray. The bride woro a pretty dross of whito surah, trimmed chiffon, a wreath and tullo veil. Her bridesmaids— Miss Ferguson (her cousin), Aliss Annie Younger (cousin of the bridegroom), Aliss Mabel Turner, Aliss Bessie Seli'e ami Miss Eva Keys — wore white silk dresses trimmed with aroophane the same color, their largo liats boing trimmed with oream-eoloreil roses and crimson velvet. The ceremony was performed by tho Rev. A. R. Rivers, 'ALA., Mr. Afontague Younger playing thu " Wed ding March." The wedding breakfast took place at Percy House, .Snails Ray, the residence of Air. Williuin Gray, the bride's father. Oil Tuesday evening last Air. and Mrs. T. Hincheliiio entertained a largo party of friends at some amateur theatricals. 'The first part of tho programme consisted of tableaux vivants depicting "Tho 1'oot's/ Dream,'" " Marguerite and the Angels" and " Lo Chant d' Amour," all three pictures being remarkably well dressed and posed. During tho intervals between each tableau songs were given. The tableaux wero followed byaperfoniuineeof Eille Norwood's charming littlo comedietta "Hook and Eye," the per formance of which was in every respect an unqualified success. Ah-. Fitzgerald Waller played Joshua fielding, Mr. Cecil C'oheroft Edward Fairlcigh, Air. Astley Vincent Harry Selbouruo, AUhs Aida Lloyd as Sylvia Sel- bourno particularly distinguishing herself. After the theatricals supper was partaken of and dancing followed. Last night Air, Ernest Needs gavo his nnniial pupils' ball at Nithsdale, Hyde Baric. The rooms wore charmingly decorated for the occasion with flags, an eil'eetive arrange ment of tho latter adding greatly to the ap- pennmuo of tho corridor leading to tho rooms. The fernery looked particularly cool and inviting, and it was unfortunate that the wet weather prevented the garden being appreciated us it otherwise would have been. A full orchestra under Air. Needs' direction provided niusie for the large number of dan cers. Close upon 300 persons must have been present. The decorations of the long supper table were extremely tasteful, the words " Welcome" appearing at intervuls, tho let- tors arranged in colored dahlias. Altogether Mr. Needs may congratulate himself on having given a very successful evening. At the residence of tho bride's parents, Perry-street, Staiimore, on Alareli 4, Air. John L. Dun was married to Aliss Lily Laird, Rev. T. Kencli (Staiimore Congrega tional Church) oliieiating. 'l'lio brido, who was given away by her brother, woro a dress of gray elotli trimmed with white bcngaliiie silk and self-colored braid, wreath of orange blossoms and veil, and carried a very hand some bouquet. Her two bridesmaids, Miss F. Laird, in fawn-eolored cnSpoii, and Aliss Florrio Laird in a similar dress of hcliotropo shade, and each currying a very pretty bouquet, looked very "nice. Mr. Holt was groomsman. Airs. Laird, mother of tho bride, woro a handsome eostumo of black cloth. Amongst the gnopts wero Alesdames Warden, Polko, Lee, G. Laird, Gould, M. Foldi, A. Foldi, the Misses E. Chaplin, M. Warden, E. Carter, A. Foldi and tho Alessrs. Hot, Turner, A. Foldi, Bennett, L. Land, Sutton, W. Laird, Swouy and Aitken. The presents were numerous. > A most successful social gathering was held in Yass on the 3rd inst., when Air. and Mrs. R. P. loluiston, of Jeir, wero entertained at, the Mechanics' Institute by their numerous friends in tho district prior to their depar ture for a now homo near Sydney ; a step necessitated by the uncertain state of Mr. Johnston's health, which also prevented him from being present on this occasion. Dancing began at 9 o'clock to music provided by the Goulburn baud and was con tinued till tho small hours of tho morning. Supper took place in the balcony, when Air. Barnard proposed the health of the guests of the evening, Air. D'Aroy Johnston respond ing. A number of handsome dresses were worn. Airs. Johnston wore a black dress, licr daughter, Aliss Johnston, wearing white. Aliss Kllio Johnston was in primrose, Airs. Bernard in cream color. Airs. 'Baylor woro black velvet, Aliss Hill white merveillcux. Airs. Thane wore a dross of crushed straw berry, Mrs. Rceton black-spotted net, Aliss Addison pink, slashed with moss-green vel vet. Airs. Goodsir looked well in black mer veillcux trimmed with black lace, Airs. N. Goodsir wearing a pretty pink liberty silk. Miss Rcougalt wore a dress of can-do-nil. Airs. Bernard woro a black lace dress, re lieved with sunflowers. Mrs. Sillily was in white and gold. Aliss Pearson wore black and yellow. Tho following day a largo party of friends assembled at the railway station to hiil Air. and Mrs. Johnston good bye, their departure being looked upon with much regret throughout the district, with which they ha\e been so prominently con nected for many years. Dr. Anderson Stuart, in speaking at the Colonial Institute in London — unlike the majority of those who go homo from bore- lias given a glowing account of life ill Aus tralia. He lias even gone the length of making unfavorable comparisons between the complexions of English anil Australian girls, and has, in consequence, evoked a perfect liowl of indignation from " Alirauda" in the Ladi/n Pictorial. " This most ungallant and unpatriotic of men," she says, " for, although posing as ultra-colonial, ho is only a recent importation, had tho hardihood to disparage the blooming complexions of his own countrywomen and laud the pallor of antipodean maidens. Here is what he says on the subject ' Australian girls have not to encounter any of tho vile cold winds that but widen and till the blood vessels of the face. That is what red cheeks mean, and arc they so very desirable after all f Yes, we venture to think that they are, and if wo owe them to our sharp wind,, we have at least reason to rise up aud call them blessed. As far as malignant winds go, how ever, the Melbourne north wind leaves any of our homo winds far behind in baleful effects anil the production of horrible sensa tions. It is just like our nipping, paralysing north-castor passed through a burning fiery furnace heated to highest point." Possibly if "Miranda" had had to experience the climate of .Sydney at the beginning of this week hor remarks ou tile Australian climate might have been oven more scathing. A novel form of amusement became fashionable this winter in England. A lady who makes a profession of telling ghost stories was engaged to assist in anuisiug country house parties. When tho short winter days drew in tho young and old mem bers of the pally gathered round by the fit ful light of a blazing fire and were enter tained by accounts of the eerie pranks of the spirit world. Fortunately for those coiu- pclicd to endure the dismal winter of bitter cold and fog, the lady in question makes a point of dealing only with humorous spirits, and discards altogether the traditional ghost who only haunts the .scene of hi3 earthly habitation to leave behind a legacy of mad ness or death for the victims he elects to visit. Tho second stock-taking picnic of the assistants in the establishment of Air. W. T. Waters, of King-street, tool: place oil Satur day last. Tho party, to the number of 85, proceeded by steamer to Fern flay, where a most enjoyable time was spent. — Advt. 