AMUSEMENTS FOR THE PEOPLE. Tr- Tii it rniTrtn. Sir— I have read with much interest your very able sub-leader under above heading, as well as your correspondent's letter, each of which appeared in your issue of Gth in3t., and I must commend you for your very sensible article which appeared some little- time since advocating a better use of your parks and out door evening amusement for the peoplo ; in fact a literary friend of mine who read the article in question said it was the yery bs3t of the kind lie had ever read. It i3 quite truo that with a population of 130,000 you can only keep half a Theatre going, but let mo ask your correspondent 'Enterprise' is the faulb all due to managers? I am willing to admit a great deal is, but not all. Lob me tell ' Enterprise' a little secret (I do not intend ib for scandal). Not long since I met .1 deacon of one of your suburban Churches and a well known merchant at tho Princess Theatre here two nights running. The gentleman in question never attends a theatre in Adelaide. Again, I asked a well-known Kundle-atreeb tradesman to dine with me one evening (I always keep a good table), when he informed me I10 regretted very much' but ho had a prior engagomenb. The same evening I meb him ab the Bijou Theatre witnessing that very naughty comedy,. ' Sopnii.' This cc-ntleman also never attends a theatre in Adelaide:. Now. if the two gentle men referred to hapi-en to catch sight of this they will know who your correspondent is; but perhaps Rundle-'street contains so many likewise that every other man will feel himself written at. __ However, the story is truo. So you sec, 'Enterprise,' you must not blatnn the management altogether. Ib will probably surprise many of your readers to know thab Dr. Bovan was really splitting hi3 sides the other evening at Billy Elton's 'Dashing Militaire.' Where is the man who could nod appreciate the mo3t charming comedy ' Much Ado About Nothing,' which is nightly per formed by Brough & Boucioaulb at the Bijou, or again, the funny pantomime ab tho Royal,, with Groville and Walton to keep us amusecW Surely innocent pastime, truly nonsense, yet it amuses one. I can only hope thab your aub leader will bo the means of bringing up fee3h capital, and that before I vi3ib your mo3b charming of charming citie3 you will at loasb have siy. theatres for me to visit. I am, Sir, kc, SHAKSPEARE'S GHO3T. Tiverton. Toorak, Melbourne, February!). 