Agricultural Depression and Lazi ness. The eternal and inexorable law that the only Drice of good things is labor has its application to toe subject of agricultural depression, Bays President Jordan, of Leland Stanford, jun.. University, in an article xn a recent nnmoeroi the Forum i Though toe enemy has sown tares in toe tax laws while the farmer has slept, tow alone cannot cause agricultural depression, nor can inordinate pensions, wasteful subsidies, and the tyranny of capital combined, if the farmer himsslf were not, in some degree, at fault. At any rate, the remedy is in his own hands, and, while striking a blow at the cause of injury, he should look at himself, to see what palt of the blame is due to his own weakness and lack of foresight. The " relentless hell ' of poverty which, Henry George says, yawns beneath civil society, is due to the presence of a horde of men who would gain something for nothing ; the natural penalty for laziness is one of toe important ele ments in our so-called agricultural depression. A notion having been spread among country people that the dwellers in towns do not have to work hard for a living.: has caused the termer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy charge. " While crossing Indiana, on a bright, growing day in April,, says . President Jordan, ' I counted forty men and boyB around the rail road station at Cloverdale, where a crate of live chickens was the sole contribution to the train's load. These were farm boys, who ought to have been at work in the fields, and village boys who might have been doing some thing somewhere. These idlers on the station steps were embodied ghosts, dead to all life and hope, with only force enough to stand arriTinrl and At ruv destination I saw sixty men and boys, who bad no need of cures of any kind, because they were already dead, standing on a street corner, listening to the noisy vendor of a rheumatism cure. Most of these were farmers, whose neglected farms lay bathed in the sunshine, the earth-ready to se- joice only at the touch of a hoe. Back on the old farm, in New York, where I was born, the spot which my father won from the forest, and on which he lived in freedom and independence, knowing no master, dreadiug no tyrant, he had poorer tools than are now used, poorer budd ings, inferior facilities for transportation, lower prices, and uncertain markets; still he kn6W nothing of agricultural depression. "When crops were small, and prices low, he simply worked the harder, I find on t&at; farm, to- day, tenants who barely make a living. I find un- pruned fruit trees, . wasted forest trees, broken waggons — evidences of wasted time and un thrifty labour." An old woman in Tennessee expressed a great economic truth in these words: "Poor folks has poor way?." If a man spend a day in the harvest time in efforts to send a fool to the Legislature, or a knave to Congress, should he complain if the laws the fools and knaves make add to his own taxes ? Who but he is to blame if the laws ostensibly made in his interest simply shift the burden from one of hie shoulders to the other? If he stand all day in. the public square, spellbound by a tramp with an. accor dion, or, still worse, if he lounge about on the sawduBt floor of a saloon, talking the vile stuff we agree to call "politics," never reading a book, never thinking a thought above the level of the sawdust foor, need he be surprised if his opinions do not meet with respect ? It is not cheaper money the farmer needs, but dearer men ; men whose time is - money, and whose labor is worth the labor of other men; men who knGw how to do the best thing in the best way, and can thereby do thtir part iu alleviating " industrial de pression." A busy man the oldtime farmer was ; and being busy, he found time for every thing. He read bound books ; he enjoyed the pleasures of travel ; he educated his family ; he kept intelligent watch on all the affa'rs of (he day. He did not find time to stand on the station steps, in the middle of the afternoon to watch a thousand trains goby, on a thousand consecutive days. He oarried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky. fJe went to the country seat when he had business there j, .he went with clean clothes, and came back with a clean conscience. '.He had not time to spend each seveuth day on the court house tquore, talkie g the dregs of scandal. and politics. . 