A1 TRIEME WAR STdRYI, At thelbreaking out of the civil war I was a mero boy, anld our nLearest neighbour was a Ilorrid-faced, hind-hearted, generous old Quaker. Both ho and his good wife had been reared in the south, and aftarthe liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty still retainedl enough to surround themselves and family with all tihe comforts which the people of their simple faith care to possess. In those days their great stone house with its thick walls, broadl verandahe, and low windows cet my idea of the castles which were mixed up with my meagre knowledge of modieval limes. The macudasmiseed road that ran through the farmn was lined'on either aide with locust trees that in the periodl of blooming made the air heavy with the perfume of the graceful white blossoms waving in a background of green that they almost concealed. A nievor-failing spring that bubhbled us thlrough moss- gown stone was embowered iii the overiuigiig branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. The great front yard hadl its driveways cut through a rich award, and wound among towering maples. 'Tie garden had the earliest, the latest, and the sweetest flowers. Tihe stock was tlhq ,fattest and the best cared for. The negroes who would not leave a. kind master and mistress found a life of comIparative ease and plenty with them. The handsome old gentleman was "iruedpa WVateroon" to all of use, and the wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to dlepart without cookies, great mellow apples, umince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other, evidence of a ktuidness that took all the world into her heart,'was always " grandma." No nobler ever trod the pathway of life together, and the sorrows that came uponlhem suggested to me as a boy the inserutable ways of Providence. There were two sons in the famiily, mnodeli of physical perfection nod manly courage. No. handsomeor could be found. They were over six feet fall, had the light curly hlir, the blue eyes, and the fresh complexion no conspicuoues in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They were highly educated and idolized not only by the parents but by the four fair sisters and untold scores of other penpll's sisters. One had gone west, and soon established a onu-' larity that placed hit in a responsiblo iublic posifion. ho other lhad remained at home and relieved Grandpa Waterson of every busi ness care. The startling' soi n 'of .'cilici' hostilities ,lashed over the country.. Henry, thei elder sc, resiguned.his olice and surprised-us all by appeirg one' afternoon withoust' previopec notice. The warm family greeting 6ver, ienry' called his brother out for a walk. asndforgotfhl' that "littlepitchero have ears,' they, allowed me to auinter aloag. 'At the spring we all Idraniit, and thoen followed a ,long traip li the shade of the locustas.' I alriost let' out a REhout of mingled terroi and surprise whona, I heard. Henryv say to Charles 'in the language they ad'. .always ."ued'at hemo,-" Charles, I havo''decided to enlist." ".Ilcuvir'alreadly dotiei"so" ' ftTheicad'tinoan it. Do father and mother. know';, " . S"I promised' Iith"to' Ifli' them tornight. It's more torrible to'me ' than" 'the dreadt of' war." , I1 "Theoisnearerto thern 'thaieI, Chairle. I will break, the: news to father when we' got back. "No one can sootlie niothtr or break'' the news so gently as he: "I aen more thaop lorry, that thee has taken this step; for I oame home, to prevent it. "I wanted to mokus iure that one son andone brother would be 'left. But it is too late. I have consented to commiand' a roimeit of sharpshootecs, and eacrisit hoiour 'ably disappoint then. Iv will hliae a gallant. lotef boys at my back." - Hero I broke away ai'full of iniportance that Sranat top seed. L I wis going to toll Grandma Waterson,.f would not have those two hand somefellows stopping bullets. Bat I met Lydia, as pretty a maiden as over dlonned a drabl dres or droppid a modest pair of eyes, and calcle all he fredas by theirfiet snnie' "Lydia." I shoutedbetween breathe "HIIenry, rand 'Charlio are going to olsist. It munst, be 'stopped," but by that time the girl waspalsi 'as a ghost, and leaningggainst the nearebt tree. *".t Don't'thee say acnsther word," she comi manded in a determined voion. " Not another word. , This must come from brother Henry or brother Charles. But it will break: mother's heart." and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just out of sý'mpalhy.' "Only after onr did 'I 'learsi what' fol. owed. 'Henry,'in his manly. straightforiaord way; told his father all. Pleading, argaument) and persuasion on the part'of the 'aflicted old man were in vain. It 'was'contrlcry to the doctrine.of the non-resistance,: a tenet of 'the church;, it was raising. Lthe hand' of his son againstthe relatives who wereleft in the south, but .the brothers firmly clung to.their deter .mination,, gently persistingc and doing all .fsiblh tuo i '.a ,it tle- poignant. g:rief they' in flitede. . r.uidpa %Yatereon's lips quirered. as he bade. lHcrv .good-lye,. and . the biroken hearted motherlclung to the neck of her eldest born until uneonseiousnees released her from the pangs of actual parting. A few days later Charles rode forth' on his own horse, a gallant black, of iKentucky- lincesgo, and everybody agreed that no finer,' braver boy would do battle for the union. ie joined the liinggold Cavalry. Early in the war Ice' was ,leftwosnded on the ild, anid was kindly cared for by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with soft. wavy hair, grecat brown eyes, inviting lips,oand a disposition as cheery as tIhe clear sunshine after an April shower. No woman had a right to roeietlthat big, brave, handsome fellow, and there the union soldier was betrothed to the bewitelhing champion of socession. Then Annie, for that was her name, began to correepouci with Muth,? and through this intangible link of connection the whole family fell in love with the littlecon.. federate. Charles rejoined his troops 's soon as able. After a desperate engagecciiet his company was scattered, and he was Ieinmed in onevery side,' except where the rugged moucitains 'of Vir ginia towered 'op bobeiadn im. Boldly he turned the black, went flying over foot- paths,, leaping chasms,' and :forcing his way where few could follow. Dut thore were bold. soun 'taineera.ii the chase, and when 'they brought Charles to hay, the gallant stand he mode, drawing his sabre when his revolvers were emptied, saved his lifo for thle tane. His desperate courage rwocn the heart' of the sonutheriers, and thlcey persisted 'until he was: taken alive. He was amct to Libby, miade his cscepe, we it for days without food, and, wihen at length ice found it, ate so much that death folloauctd quicklynpon theic pang of starotion. usury's record was as brief as glorious. His regiment wnorsEhiped him. No mac cut thorn, westerners though they were, could outride or outshoot him. 1Isled wherever he' asked his men to go. A giant in strength, he sas a hero in courage. .At Pleasant 1l, La., he was shot from hif horse lbut still fought tch. and, sitor being fatally wounded, three of the ecncmy bit the dust before ilis hand dropped ssisenlous to the ground.. His remacins caine home. and never wasbrother. eon, cnd neighbour nore sincerely mouried. Cbarley's story was never learned tontil sffer the war. But now, comes a sequel strociger than' the story itself. Cirnadpia waterson cud his wife had borne their sorrows with na fortitude that only paple likeh theth can nul'ratci'd. ' They talked of their lost bays, and together found a grim pleasure ifcsreviewina tics childhood, the youthfrul oxperisnues and tie asnily cqualitioe of the dead sons. Timoe and time have I seeci them at the end of the front vereudih, over. growsn with hceacncyslckles, sitting hand in hand talking of Heniry and Cbarles. 'One day came a letter from Anicle, annaun. chng that she would 'visitlthe Watersosn. 'nIsors was great pircpcnution, for'sho would hays bieeri Charles' w fs had holived, acid she was door to them in hierown right, for he hlda Ilevr eussed to send those welaomolesttire. alwayo bright and cheery save when Charles' fate forced its way into her thoughts. 'She came to a royal welcome. Ilimcagine now that I was over-oicioue in pilotisrng her around, pointing out ererythin'' that Charles was ever nssociatpd with. and gasbling away. as a boy, whose voic is atths'.hOn-cacklicg ftage of advancement, will. "Thee is a great comfort to us,"' Graridpa Waterson used to say toAimnni, ancd 'when gracidma got her arms 'around 'the 'prceity southernsr there was als'iaye'aes enhl'kicsss an'i 'a sweet-voiced assurance thut Anienwo as' just ;as dear as though she were a dasglhter; I iThen' esane a surprise in the shape of a tIhandsome, showy, alrd-faced wonman. who anr ;nounced lorcself as having been the aihinic8i 'of Coloiel WaVstereou, killed at Pleaisant Hill, She' 'had loich siceaint to ovisit'tho tislily. ansc maksl 'hierslf kicown, but had not 'hi.cc RbhlO to uD ses 'C'lonel Watersanr bd left everythinia sher, and she produced a. will at that; late day pur porting to have been ucadeby him."' She was' wlcomued with old "ashaosueoertesy;' but there was a sohier',look' csso'err face that' ash encountered. I cualled'-Annia 'ot at onoe' and hold is indignatiosn meeing. Th'it wsomsani wica a fraud, and I knwitf Henrg wasncotthc man to fall t love ivithany qielb'sperimen of 'hler' es.' I dedictited my tiome wholly, themc and there, to waychliugas her movement vnui" P5oso my opiion. The reOuslt witl. sclhiouc. without the Sdetails ccl 'iy detective, wrork. G ~vra~nmdpa Watrsoci's 'seitch~ was ie~hise.~ A-sl 'ofAnne' mot'~a1bljoeths~Bri d chisapperd and the adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that she never could trust " niggers." Then grandmla would gently chide her, and say: "Theo should not judge. All these people are old friends of mine, and faithful." The fraud would turn up her nose and put on a look of contempt that always set me boiling.. One day at the spring she loaned over to use the clear water us a nirror, aInd' from- some where about her person dropped the big gold watch that Graudpa Waterson pri::ed most as au heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, asnd the angry shouts of the woman only added to tuy slcedl. 1 told grandpa, told overybody. I wuntoed her arrested, but "Theo most leave this matter entirely to me," checked umy ardour. "There sLust be no talk," he con. tinsed. " I will see that this wouueoleavos us. Tlon't plead for her, mother. .I will only dis miss her, that is all." And he did, after everything had been re covered and the forged will destroyed. Wo. never Iheardi of her again. The very nextaftbrnoon theore was a great clatter of ahorso's feet up the hard road. The rider cams likea rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was. I thidk tist'everyous fainted buhot Ansie and tysself. She uenitted something. between a shriek and a gurgle. vaulted over the verandah railing and landed right in the arms of-big, handsome Charley. He wasalivo.. He was well. All that we had heard was false. He had survived his sufferings after a long illnessan in the tfamily of a poor bult kind mountaineer, and there ho was, the picture of health, with Annie in his arms. I sprang into the saddle with a manincal yell. I got two little durkeys on behind ilue. We toreover the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folks about tho farmc were houting, y ming, and wel comning Mlessa Charles. "God. bless thee, son," w1as all grnduna could say then, whlileo the good old gentlemoen blinked, tried tolook calm as the tears rolled down his checks, and then he sobbed. " Charles, Henry's wish 'is fulfilled. Theo is left to bless our old ase, and thee has also brought us Annsie."-.LZrfoirF"re "i e Prsv. 