CURRENT TOPICS. RPEBIDENTS in the south-western portion of the city have decided to prepare a petition which will be influentially anod numerously signed by the large number of ratepayers in that district praying for some improvement in the paths and approaches to Portsmouth Square. Itis probable that the question of erecting a gas lamp in the centre of the square will also be mentioned in the document, and that attention will be called to several instances of the danger in the vicinity which have been forcibly illustrated lately. A few evenings ago, we learn, a gentleman who was passing through the reserve was suddenly attacked by a rough, who struck him a violent blow on the head with a heavy stick and then decamped. Another account, which is equally as authentic, states that a gentle man was stuck up recently in a dark part of the square by two loafers, who, however, had net reckoned theconsequences and were easily vanquished by a retaliating kick and blow, which completely nonplussed them. A good light as suggested, would prevent these dastardly occurrences. REFERRINa to the discovery of valuable cannel coal at Barn Bluff, about 40 miles west of Chudleigh, some particulars of which were published in our issue of Thursday last, we have been requested to call attention to the fact that last session of Parliament an act (No. 39, 1891) was passed conferring upon a syndicate the right to construct a railway from Chudleigh to Barn Creek and on to Zeehsn, West Coast. It has been suggested to us that if those primarily interested in securing the act referred to do not carry out the pro jected line, possibly capitalists in the old country might be prepared to t ke up the matter in connection with such discoveries as those referred to. We understand that other promising discoveries of gold, silver, and ordinary coal have been made along the line; and arrangements are to be made for proving them (and also the extent of the cannel deposits) during the coming summer. It is said, also, that patches of excellent grazing land have been found in this comparatively unknown portion of the island. RoEFEs INo to the meeting of the Junior Cricket Association, which has formed the subject of some controversy during the week, we may state emphatically that no representative of this journal was present, and that the secretary undertook to sup ply the report. We have not arrived at that pitch of ingenuity which enables some persons to assert with confidence that black is white, and assured that our statements are fully borne out by fact, we have neither time nor inclination to waste further space upon what, after all, is a trivial and common occurrence. Two window of Messrs R. Newsy and Sons,Charles-street establishment has been handsomely illuminated with emblems or the firm's business as seedsmen and florists. The work was entrusted to Messrs Bennell Bros., who have again evidenced their art in window decoration. The side panes of the front view are edged with a representa tion of flowers apparently growing, whish are in appropriate urns, and the effect of the foliage with the blending of colours is particularly tasteful. A delicate ground work sets off to advantage the perfect forms and shades of roses, lilies, chrysantlh. mums, poppies, gloxinias, etc., etc., with foliage plants and separate leaves. The side pane will have a fine representation of a group of vegetables. The pot plants and internal decorations contrast nicely with the outward work of art at the establish ment. Ma I. WEEDnON, one of the visiting justices of the ;aol. on Thursday last, ac companied by Mr James Steer, J.P., attended at the House of Correction for the purpose of signing a warrant of com mittal to send a woman who was believed to be insane to the Lunatic Asylum. Mr Weeden asked the unfortunate woman several questions, which she answered rationally, and he did not deem it wise to affix his signature to the document, but recommended that she should be further medically examined. "A NsraT with Shakespeare" will be the programme for the opening of the winter season of entertainments to be given in connection with thei Mechanica' Institute. The date is not yet decided upon, but we understand that it will be shortly, and that the programme will include the "trial scone" from "The Merchant of Venice," " The ghost scene" from "I'amlet," Shakespearian recitations, and a number of musical selections. PnonABLY no establishment in Launces ton where vinous and malt filuids are dis pensed is so well known as the Cornwall Hotel, one of the oldest in the city, and originally occupied by John Pascoe Fawkner, whose name as one of the pioneers of Victoria is familiar as a house hold word. It will be remembered that Mrs S. Fahey, the present owner of the property, carried the business on for some time, and her popularity was thoroughly established; but a few years ago she retired into private life. The public will, however, be glad to learn that this genial landlady has decided to re-enter the hotel and conduct the business on the same lines which secured for her in times past a well deserved reputation. PEnROxs who indulge in the use of plentiful expletives are frequently in the habitof coining uncouth words, although there are an amazing number of recognised oaths and exelamations in daily use. The police court proceedings were somewhat enlivened yesterday by the narration of a sentence which a witness alleged had been contemptuously hurled at him. He said that the offending person had called him a "- confirmated liar," and the listeners, including the bench and the members of the bar, seemed considerably astounded; but the witness was firm as to the exact words made use of, although the opposing counsel attempted to prolong the amuse menot. EVERnyoaT should know that the best value for cads is obtainable at Marriott Bros., " The Tailors," William-street, near Terminus Hotel.- [Advt.] A CORRESPONDENT writing from Chud- leigh on Friday says:-" Last evening, whilst returning from Mole Creek, looking southward I observed a very large meteor descend and burst, the sight being a mag- nificent one. The time was 8 p.m., direc- tion S.W., between Cummins Head and Caveside. The meteor appeared to shoot from behind a cloud in a north-west direc- tion when it burst, forming a shower of bright lumina, a brilliant blue arc being shown round the whole. It did not appear to be more than a mile distant, and one could almost trace the fragments as they fell close to the slopes of the Western Tier." AT the Technical School last evening the secretary had the pleasure of seeingno less than twenty-three ladies who had joined the newly formed art class in attendance. The instructor, MIr W. H. Cherpentier, decided that the first course of teaching should take the form of a lecture, and for one hour he gave his pupils an instructive and entertaining discourse on the princi ples of perspective. The second hour was devoted to a-lecture upon model and free hand drawing. The stnlents listened to Mr Charpontier attentively and as he inutelarded his rem .rks with several applicable anecdotes-they were all the more interesting. .We notice in the window of Messrs F. S. Browne and Co. a.large display of Tas manian eucalyptus oil. As this article is obtained only from the Tasmanian blue gum, it is consequently superior to other makes, and should be found very useful during the ensuing winter. Tue attendance at the overflow state school in Elizabeth-street has shown the very satisfactory average of 85 per day for the month of May, while that at the several other schools has also increased. At the Invermay state 'school the attendance increased from 107 in April to 212 towards the close of' May. Private schools also show increases. At the St. Francis Xavier's Seminary thb teacher states that only one boy was irregular in attendance during the-month. The practice of allowing boys to. drive about during school hours on tradesmen's carts has been materially minimised by the care shown by the truant officer (Mr Wakeham), who' has warned various drivers of the consequences likely to accrue from inducing boys to go about with them. Mr Wakeham has had several applications for admlssimn to the overflow school, and has investigated many of them. The midwinter vacations commence 'in many of the' schools during the next two weeks. A.CORncESroNDENT draws attention to an apparent discrepancy in the agricultural Ftatistics published hyMr R. M. Johnston. The statist says that the yield of wheat for the year has.increased by 287,861 bushels on that of 1890, and adds-" The importsa tions of wheat. and flour during the year 1891\. alone , represent 225,569 wheat bushels. . . In consequence of the vastly improved yield I estimate that the local.production of wha-t for the past season only falls under local requirements to the extent of 62,600.bushels. ' DDR; E. L. COROWTHEo, M.H.A., returned r from Victoria by the e.s. Patesa yesterday, after a short holiday on the continent. During his visit he visited some of the medical institutions 'of the colony. He journeyed to Broken Hill, where he in spected some' 'of the 'mines, paying par ticular attention to the Proprietary Blooks, l the workings-of which he examined for his own information. He states the machinery recently erected oh the' mine is giving great satisfaction, and the workings were carried out with care and judgment. These are lighted with electricity, and this mode f of illuminating is eminently satisfactory to the management. He is, however, of o the opinion that the shares at present are at their full value. Dr. Crowther proceeded to Hobart by the up express train in the e afternoon,accompanied by Mr J. Hamilton, h II.H.A., who was also On route from t Victoria. Tnu advances in the price of tin, silver, 0 and copper which have been recorded by cablegram as having taken place during d the week form a subject for general con gratulation, and should lead in the near future to a return to more prosperous t times. By the courtesy of Mr Henry Ritchie we are enabled to give the quota g tions of tin for the month of June for the last 12 years, as follows :-1881, £90 10 ; if 1892, £97 10.; 1883, £94; 1884, £85; 1885, g £89; 1886, £99 10s; 1887, £102 10s; 1888, f £91; 1888, £01 10s; 1890, £97; 1891, £9-5 d 1892, £100 5O. It will be seen that the if current price is the highest recorded since 1887; whilst the lowest quotation regis r tered during' the last three years was in o February last, when the quotation was £82 0 per ton. Tae interest taken in the forthcoming t'lection of wardens to replace Messrs R. J. M'Kenzio and C. E. Ritchie, resigned, was increased during yesterday, when other 0 gentlemen were approached with the object ° of inducing them to allow themselves to be placed in nomination. There is little dis. position, however, to oppose the return of Sthe gentlemen who have announced their candidature. Mr E. H. Panton, who was asked to stand, is stated to have declined, as have also Mr H. Weedon and others. a LL residents of Trevallyn who desire to appeal against the assessment made on their property must appear at the City Police Court on Tuesday next, all appeals t having been adjourned till then. TnE board of management in connection with the Launceston Y.M.C.A. met last night, the following gentlemen 'being pro. sent :-- r J. T. Farmilo (in the chair), Revs. D. S. Brunton, C. Anthony, Messrs F. Stephenson, F. W. Coulson, A. B. Klen Sworthy, E. Laurance, J. Powell, Dr. Gut. teridge, and the acting hen. secretary, Mr G. T. Gleadman; also Messrs J. E. Clarrke, F. L. Fysh, and R. J. Wilkinson. Apolo gies were received for unavoidable absence Sfrom IMr W. Fordyce and Rev. J. G. Wriglht. Applications to the number of 25 were re ceiverd for the position 'of generalsecretary. These had been carefully considered by a subcommittee the previous evening, and the Roev. D. S. Brunton, as chairman of that committee, read their report, and stated the decision arrived at. After spending some considerable time in con 3 sidering the favoured applications, a ballot r was taken, and thire scrutineers (iMessrs J. tPowell and A. B3. Kenworthy) reported 3 that Mr Charles A. Grubb was elected as s secretary. MrrGrubb is regarded as thus coming before the public in a very favousable light, having already made many friends during his short stay in Launceston. He is a brother to the Rev. Geo. C. Grubb, the eminent evangelist. hMr C. A. Grubb has been connected with the Ironmasters' Association of Melbourne, and was also manager of Dr. Singleton's Lifeboat Mission, mu which he has done 1 lasting work. After Mr Grubb wasformally introduced to the board as their new secre tary, Mr F. L. Fysh commended him in prayers to Almighty God. The meeting closed by thie Rev. D. S. Brunton pro nouncing the benediction. Mr Grubb enters upon his duties forthwith; and with I his advent on the scene, great hopes are 1 entertained that this will prove the begin ning of a period of great prosperity and usefulness to this institution. A MEETING of parishioners of the Holy Trinity Church will be held on Tuesday next, at 7.30 p.m., in the school-room, for the purpose of deciding whether the patronage shall be vested in the Bishop or to board of patronage. THE branch of the National Bank of Tasmania which has been opened at Lefroy in charge of Mr W. J. Wilson, acting manager, occupies the premises formerly used by the Bank of Van Die- men's Land. The institution will prove an undoubted boon to the district, and the management has received the hearty con- gratulations of the residents. THE Commandant (Colonel Warner) ar- rived from Beaconsfield yesterday, and left by the afternoon train for Longford. On Wednesday he inspected the George Town detachment of the Tamar Company, where he found everything was in good order, only one man being absent from the inspec tion drill. At Beaconsfield, on Thursday. he inspected the local detachment of the same company. The attendance was fair, but'on account of many of the men being on "shift" work, it was not so good as was anticipated. Colonel Warner inspected the Eshk Compaony at Longford last night, and will proceed to the other companies along the North-West Coast as far as Waratah for a similar purpeose. THa usual weekly meeting of the Laun ceston Parliamentary Debating Society was hold in the Mechanics' Institute last even ing, when there was a good attendance of i members and the general public. The h Speaker (Mr J. B. Waldron) took the chair t at eight o'clock. Mr F. Tyson, jun., asked the Premier if the Goverument intonded 1 to amend the No Liability Companies Act, 1884, and recciting a reply in the negative, gave notice to move that part III. of the act, relating to the incorporation of com panics as no liability companies, should be repealed. Mr F. J. Prichard gave notice to move that the system of assessment on capital value as contained in the Town f Boards Act be extended to mnnicipalities. E Mr it. W. Smith moved the adjournment I of the House, in order to draw attention to i the action of the Government in not placing on the table the de spatches and papers in relation to the question of the introduction of Kanaka labour into Queensland. An interesting discussion took place on the motion, in which the following members took part: Messrs W. J. M'1Tilliams (Premier), F. J. Prichard, A. Miller (Minister of Lands), A. Webster, J. V. Sullivan (Postmaster, General), and E. Murnane. Mr Smith ieplied to the debate, and withdrew the motion. Mr Prichard then moved the adjournment of the House in order to draw attention to the mode of introducing the bills into the House, compelling speakers to address themselves to the question with out preparation. Messrs M'Williams, Smith, and Millet having spoken. the motion was withdrawn. Mr M'Williams moved the second reading of the Women's Franchise Bill, on which question a good debate also took plate, Mr Murnane moving as an amendment that the second reading be taken it six months time. 'Tho other speakers were Mtessrs G. c.' Gilmore, N, Aronson, J. F. Killelea, and R. W. Smith, who moved the adjournment of' the debate. The secretary (Mr A. Kirkland) read the letter from the Tasmanian Literary and Debating Societies' Union asking the society to re-consider its decision not to join the union. Mr Sullivan moved that a union be formed for Northern Tasmania, to be affiliated with the Tasmanian Union ;but after a discus sion withdrew the motion, and Mr M'Wil liams's motion-that the society join the Tasmanian Union-was, put to the vote. On a division seven members voted for the motion and eight against, and it was there fore declared negatived. Ts TiER was a large attendance at the Bijou Theatre last evening, and the Plea sure Party's entertainment was thoroughly enjoyed. The company will give a matinee this afternoon, and this evening there will be a change of songs, a number of local hits being introduced-at intervals. This will be the last performance of the season. Tnn programme of the organ recital by r the city organist, to be held in theb Albert Hall to-morrow afternooi at thrOe o'c'ock, has several interesting features-a-h organ fugue of J. S. Bach, pieces by Smart and t other eminent organ' composers, aiid excerpts from "arrangements" of' orches tral works. Mr St. J. David will' be the vocalist, and will sing " If with all your A hearts," Elijah, and Pinsuti's sacred song " The nightless land.' The recital com mences at three o'clock. Te next Trinity College musical ex aminations will take place on Saturday, the 18th inst., and not on Friday, the 24th, as was generally understood. The alteration has been made with a view to make the examination fall within the ordinary terms of our schools. e No less than 11150 certificates of award a were.granted to exhibitors at the recent e Tasmanian Exhibition, and since the y closing the work of having them filled up f ready for distribution has been steadily o progressing. Of course this task has been d performed by the staff in addition to many se other important duties, and it is one which e, takes time and consideration. Mr Percy n thinks that the whole of the certificates and medals will be sent to the recipients r, by the end of next week. y A enQ?serrzON is in course of signature g requesting his Worship the Mayor to con s- vene a public meeting to discuss the ir electric light' question. This document is will be presoented to his Worship on his y return from Melbourne on Tuesday next. L- Among the speakers at the meeting will be se the hen. Adye Douglas, Mr M. E. ; Robinson, Mr B. P. Farrelly, and Mr P. S, Bulman.' The latter gentlemen will 3, doubtless be able to afford some interesting information based on his experience of the c electric light at the Waverley mills. : WnHN a state school was established in the pretty suburb of Ravenswood some few n years ago it was found to be a great boon to residents in the locality, who at once availed themselves of the opportunity of g sending their children to. a school con J. tiguous to their homes. A large sum of is money was expended on the construction r of a comfortable school house, but now :t that the wet weather has set in the so approaches to it are in a deplorable state, s. so much so that many of the children who sf were regular in their attendance hitherto ir have been compelled to relinquish all idea s' of going until the roads are improved. 1, Ou North-West Coast correspondent writes from Wynyard on Friday :-A meet e ing of the directors of the Table Cape n Butter and Bacon Factory was held at the y Commercial Hotel on Thursday evening Is for the purpose of considering tenders for the necessary building. The tenders being *n in excess of what was expected, it was t decided to reduce the size of the building in a way that it could be added to at some future period should occasion require, and . to ask for amended tenders, the same to be \- in by Saturday evening, lth, at 6 o'clock. \- The remaining business was of a routine r nature. o, Bisnor MONTeroo?EsY will arrive from -' Hobart by express train to-day, and will o preach two sermons to-morrow, in the t. morning at St. John's, and in the eveniig 5- at Holy Trinity. On Tuesday evening next v. the Bishop will deliver a lecture in the a Mechanics' Institute on the subject, ' Per d sonal reminiscences of Dean Stanley and f other literary men met at his house, such d asCarlyle,Browningand Matthew Arnold." r This lecture, judging by that recently 1- delivered by his Lordship on " West t minster Abbey," should be one of very r. great interest, and doubtless the hall will d be crowded on the occasion. On the fol s lowing afternoon confirmation will be administered at St. John's Church. STis Government Entomologist will - Sliver a lecture upon " Insect pests" a. the SLongford Assembly Room next Tuesday Sevening. h A· N auction sale of Mr R. J. Nicholas's art studio pictures will take place at 2"30 s p.m. to-day in the Masonic Hall. The col e lection is meritorious and varied, several y of the landscapes having especial interest from the fact of their being local subjects, n which the artists have executed with great g precision as to objects and beautiful effects of colour. The sale should command a i large attendanoe of purchasers. S 'I'HE Now Zealond correspondent of the ' Age, alluding to the scheme for founding an outcast London settlement in that d colony, writes:-" Talk as largely as he may at home, New Zealand colonists will not peramit the importation of a pauper and Sperhaps criminal class of people, and Sextreme measures will be resorted to if r such an attempt is made. As public lands Swould have to be allotted, it is not likely r that Ministers would submit a proposal to the House which would render them so Sexceedingly unpopular and cut short their t existence. The only way in which Mr SBooth can succeed in introducing a detach Sment of his army is in the event of some Sintensely philaunthropic private individual 5 giving him a sufficient quantity of land in 0 order to give the over-sea colony scheme a trial. The local salvationists declare that some such promises were made to their leader, but their assertions are of a very t doubtful character; and, even if they a were true, the land in the looslities they Smention is of little or no value. But as a far as the Government is concerned, the Smost Mr Booth claimed to have got from SMr Ballance was a promise to apply to Parliament for authority to set aside 5000 o or 6000 acres of the best bush land for the purposes of the scheme, but on the express |understanding that the first occupiers a should be selected from the New Zealand e portion of. the army, and that drafts from I the old country, among 'hom there were g to be no criminals, were to be gradually assimilated, having previously acquired rural experience on the home farms." His Worship the Mayor (Mr S. J. Sutton) will return from his tour of the colonies on T'eeday next. We learn that Mr Sutton is in excellent health, and that his holiday has been a very enjoyable one, his recep. tion and treatment having been most cordial in each of the colonies which he has visited. YERT elaborate arrangements have been made for the production of " British Born" by the Launceston Dramatic Club on Monday night at the Academy of Music. The scenery has been carefully prepared, and as the members have perfected them. selves in their respective parts, the per. formance is likely to be one of the most successful of the club's engagements. We learn that tickets for the dreos circle r,? in fair demand, and as the production will be an interesting one, the other parts of the house should be well petronised. AnroNooT the passengers who arrived by the steamer Pateena from Melbourne yesterday were Dr. J. H. M'Call, M.l.A.,, and Captain W. Jones, of Burnie. Both gentlemen left by the afternoon train for their homes, but previous to his departure Dr. M'Call was interviewed by a represen. tative of the Eocameiner as to the result of his visit to Victoria. He stated that he met the directors of the Bell's Reward Silver Mining Company, and fully discused with them the financial position of the as sociation, which had been considerably weakened by the stoppage of payment by their bankers, necessitating the partial suspension ofoperations on the mine at the Whyte River. The banking institution in question had, however, re-commenced busi. ness, and the company was being relpaid its deposit as quickly as possible, and the work at the mine will be pushed on without delay, machinery having been sent forward. Regarding the Great Northern railway (Burnio-Zeehanu) he states the survey is nearly completed, and the work of making the road will be commenced at an early date. The company has been placed on the London market, favourable reports on the silver-fields and the country to be tapped having been obtained from the Geological Surveyor (Mr A. Mont, gomery, bI.A.), and Mesers John Howell (manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary mine), J. Lane (manager of the Block 14 mine), and Mr John Provis, M.E. " A HEADAscas " is the very appropriate name given to a picture in black and while from the brush of Mr W. Burrowes, which has been lent to the Victoria Art Gallery. The idea is an original one, and has been worked out with faithful and consistent attention to detail. The picture represents a gentleman of the olden time seated in his arm-chair, undergoing the countless miseries of a splitting headache and its attendant unpleasant fancies. The artist has lifted the veil and given us a glimpse of the indescribable miseries of a sick headache. The patient, seated in an arm. chair, is besieged by a band of imps. One with a roll of music before him is seated upon his shoulder, yelling discordant sounds into his ear; another with a look of fixed determination is drirs ing an enormous wedge into the skull, which has already commenced to crack; a third has formed himself into a surprise party and with fiendish delight is creeping on tip-toe up the patient's arm ready to inflict a blow upon his head; another has a corkscrew at work, one is perfectly happy with a brace and bit, and a companion is making liberal uss ofa speaking trumpet. There is just a spice of the Tam o'Shanter idea about the picture, which is full of merit and will no doubt be highly appreciated. The ex. pression of helpless and hopeless endurance I in the countenance of the sufferer and that t of wicked pleasure in those of the imps is excellent, and the surr.:undings are con p sistent with the idea which the artist,has evolved. A pictur, of. Lhe Cataract Basin by the same artist is an exceedingly creditable production in,black and white, i the outline being bold and the represents. y tion faithful to nature. THE date of the period allowed to the s delegates of the Zeehan branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association in which to give an answer to the directors and legal managers as to the rate of wages submitted at the conference held at Hobart expired yesterday. No-intimation has yet been received,but it is expected that the crisis in the relations between em. ployers and employed will be arrived at early next week. AT St. John's Church school-room last night an entertainment was given in aideo the funds of the church school, which has lately been renovated. There was a very largo attendance. The first part of the entertainment consisting of songs, glees, a and duets, following on which came a v cantata, entitled " The White Garland," in which the principal songs were as follows: \--" Happy hearts," " Icome, I come," "Wear thy crown; of lilies white," and " Gathered once more," by Miss Gerlic Baker; " Tardy scholar is your name," by Master F. Joscelyne; "Now we greetyou,' and " Joy, joy, joy," by Miss Lillie Baker; "Naughty boy," by Miss Winnie Eyre; "The bird carol," Miss M'Donald; " Hoa sweet and lovely is her face," Miss B. Spreadborovgh; " In the pleasant path of duty," by Misses Spreadborough and M'Donald; and choruses, "Hail, to our t beautiful queen," and " Bow to the Lord," The entertainment and decorations were of the most recherche kind. The proceeds of the entertainment, which are devoted to the school restoration fund, realised over £.17. The concert will be repeated next g week. A rlEETINO of the parlshoners in the cure d g Doloraino will be held on Monday evening next in the sohool-room to consider the vesting of the 1 patronage. Mn T. G. HoDsorN has been appointsd 0gmnt for the Court Rlobin Hood, No, 5352 A.O.F., Longford. PetsoNs favourable to the formation ofl Caledonian Soioety will meet at the Iiechaoics n class-room on Tuesday evening next. UERuTAINLY the e08a mediein0 known I Sanders and Son's 1'onalypti Extract. Test lls eminently powerful iffeects in cogha, colds, ls Lluenza--the relief is lnstantoneouse. In serlous cases and aoldents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, sealdings, bruieos, sprains, ith the safest remedy-no swelling, no inlamnme Stlon. sl?o surprising effects produced In I oroup, diphtheria, bronchitis, Inflammationaf the longs, swellings, etc.; diarrhmoa, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. I1 use by hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by his Majesty the King ol Italy; crowned with medal and diplom at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trud in this approved artlole, and rojent all other, S -*,*-Wholesale depots for Tasmania, L, Fair t.orne and nd and Ha and attnnd Laws, Rel tailed by chemists and rokeepers at is 9d pi 2I fis tre- hOttle WsVINTER weather is fairly set In, and eoery Sprudent person will take the necessary precyu tien to prevent colds that are so often the fore runner of more serious complaints. Thists most effectiovely done by wearing ALL-Wo0ol UNDERCLOTHINI. Popper and Perrin, Brisbane" street are now showing the best stock it 1 Tasmania of Sanitary lYool Garments for mes, women, and children, in vests, drawers, tnd oombinatlons. Also, the genuine Dr. Jaeger's Wioollen underelothes for ladies and gentle men. 