SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. Copyright By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, &e.; CHAPTER XI. "and melancholy marked iiim for her own." With the lover's rapture, denominated by somo hardened cynic "a state of temporary lunacy," full on me, I took up my old quarters at my uncle's, and prepared to thoroughly enjoy tlio hospitalities of London in Ethel s sweet society. Although at this time of the year, the West End is euphemisti cally called empty, which means in other words that everybody with any pretence to ton and no pretence whatever to a long purse, puts up liis front shutters and leads a miserable life in the back rooms, yet I found no lack of friends who welcomed me home effusively and passed many compliments upon my marvellously healthy appearance. But whilst all my acquaintances rallied round me with their congratulations, and thus helped materially to re-establish my confidence in myself, I was sur prised and even hurt at the callous manner in which my uncle treated the subject of my Health. I could not fail to notice the curl of sarcasm which fixed itself around his mouth whenever he overheard a friend expressing his pleasure at 11137 altered ap pearance, and it seemed to convey to me a most distasteful meaning. It implied that my uncle either had no belief in my cure, or that he was con vinced that I should inevitably suffer a relapse. It was probably this rooted conviction of the incurability of my mental disease which prompted him to put off -from day to day tlie interview I was desirous of having, in order to be made acquainted with the state of my affairs. He evinced the utmost \- repugnance at the idea of any steps being taken to remove, the stigma under which I laboured, and manifested hi3 opposition by an irritability and testiness which used to be - utterly foreign to his natufe. To my prayers, entreaties, and urgings, lie t turned nothing but evasive replies, until I at last drove him into a corner by saying that I was tired of lii3 excuses, and should forthwith take the advice of a solicitor. Then he showed some slight emotion, lectured me upon the ingratitude of consulting a stranger in preference to a near relative, who could have no other object at heart than my welfare, and begged me to reBt content with my present position for- a month or two longer, by which time liis observation would enable liini to decide whether he would support or oppose' my claim to mauage my own property. The coolness of the request stung me beyond endurance. If he had any real affection for me, would ho be content to let me remain a legal lunatic an instant longer than necessary ? He knew how much my future happiness depended upon an immediate reversal of the Lord Chancellor's verdict, and yet he was trying to persuade me to hug the odious chains of insanity for some indefinite period, to be fixed at his own discretion ! I indignantly refused to assent to liis proposition, and pointed out that the certificate of sanity given mo by the eminent physicians of Ste. Mai-ie was sufficient and conclusive proof of the absurdity of his fears. His retort so filled me with disgust that it acted as the last straw on the camel's back, and drove me to the very course from which he was endeavouring to dissuade me. "Real lunatics," said Adam Gray, " at the period of remission, are desirous of being deemed free from the malady, and always assiduously endeavour to conceal from observation any lapse of thought, memory, and expression which might tend to betray them. I call to mind how Alexander Cruden, the famous author of £ the Concordance of the Bible, replied to the question as to whether he ever had been mad, I am as mad now as I was formerly, ' he said, ' and was as mad then as I am now, that is to say, not mad at any time!' Yet this poor man was suffering all the time from a severe attack of mental aberration." "You have evidently been studying the subject in order to rake up evidence against me," I replied bitterly. "Not so, Gerald," answered my uncle affection ately. "Do not encourage such a horrible delusion, for it may become so morbidly real that it will tend to darken your mind, and precipitate the return of your malady." I had been home a month when the above inter view took place, and had, therefore, afforded my uncle a sufficient time to assure himself of the permanence O" my mental restoration. His reluctance to aid me i i resuming my full rights as a sane Englishman, and his attempts to cajole me into further procrasti nation, finally produced a disgust which seriously alienated my affection. Was I much to be blamed if I left my father's brother with a curse on my lip3, and that I turned round at the door, and backed up my anathema by declaring that I would never enter his house again ? I was irritated beyond en durance that the most important witness to my sanity should so persistently ignore what was patent to the whole world, and naturally, though perhaps unjustly, concluded that there must be gome interested motive for all his assumed incredu lity. That night I met Ethel at a small affair at Lady Clitheroe's, and, still smarting under my uncle's unkindness, poured my suspicions into her ears. Her sweet face became grave as I spoke, and her sparkling eyes had lost their merriment by the time I finished recounting my grievances. "This delay in being placed in possession of your property is very vexatious," she said in her soft, tuneful voice. "But you must not_be too hard on your uncle, for he is in a difficult position which necessitates his proceeding with caution. Never theless, I think the time has come for you to con sult aTawyer upon your further course of action." At tiiis moment our hostess approached and carried Ethel off to the piano to play an accompani ment for a tall dark man who seemed the lion of the evening. He certainly sang magnificently, and, under the influence of his mellow tones, I became somewhat ashamed of the suspicions I was harbour ing against my uncle. The few words that Ethel had said to me on the subject seemed directe d towards destroying my unpleasant fancies, and towards inducing me to keep on friendly terms with the old man. But although she acquitted him of double dealing, yet she recognised the necessity of putting an end to any further delay, and, having received her sanction, I determined to ascertain my legal position at the earliest opportunity. IV hen \- the song was finished, and the well deserved -iplaucJito-liact-subsided,— T-eagerly. .watched Ethel as she stood by the piano talking, to the singer. Catching my eye, she beckoned to me, and I pre sently found myself enjoying a pleasant conversa tion in which Mr. Rochester took a brilliant part. He was a remarkable man in many respects, and had just achieved notoriety by the able manner in which ho had defended the Rajah of Brahmapore from a charge of attempting to poison the British resident. In less than a month after his return from India, he had reason to congratulate 'himself upon the lucky chance which threw the Rajah's brief into his hands, for the details of his masterly defence had preceded his arrival in England, and he had hardly . re- establislied himself in his old quarters in Lincoln's Inn when work literally poured in ! In addition to this recognition front the lawyers, he also found out that society was eager to attach him to its wheels of pleasure, and exhibit him in its aristocratic drawing-rooms as a fine specimen of a newly- discovered Indian lion ! With a history such as this, poured into my ears by my kind hostess, it need not be a matter of surprise that I endeavoured to cultivate my new acquain tance, and was so far successful that we exchanged cards, and I promised to call upon him at hi3 chambers. In the double delight of Ethel's close proximity and the charm of Rochester's conversation, I forgot all my worries and anxieties, and enjoyed myself a3 if I had not a care in the worlu. Then as Ethel's soft merry laugh was ringing out enchant- ingly, and I was in the act of joining in and becom ing a victim to its contagious mirth fulness, a shadow fell over me and my name was pronounced. Looking up, I perceived a footman, who promptly told me that a gentleman urgently required my presence in the library ; lie had sent in no name, but merely stated that his business was imperative. Full of wonder as to the identity of my strange visitor, I reluctantly arose and followed the servant to the library. Seated in an armchair at the far 1 end of the room was my uncle, with a face so ghastly that I feared he was terribly ill. Hastily closing the door I went towards him, utterly for getful of my recent anger and full of sympathy for his sufferings. "What can I do for you ?" I exclaimed. "Shall I send for a doctor ? " "No, no, Gerald !" he answered in a hoarse voice. "My pain is beyond the skill of medicine, for it is mental not physical. Mj7 sufferings are caused by your undutiful conduct-. It is terribly distress ing that you should desert mo in my old age — that you should so easily fling aside tlie filial regard which I fondly hoped my incessant care had in stilled into you ! " "I regret that you feel so deeply my withdrawal from your house," I answered soothingly. "You must acknowledge that your delaj in ve-instating me before my fellow men, coupled with your almost openly expressed doubts of my cure, are all-sufficient reasons for my behaviour to you." "Don't argue, Gerald!" interrupted my uncle. "I am too unhinged to discuss the matter to-night. You turned from my door with a curse on your lips and bitter anger in your heart. Remove the curse on your father's brother ; consent to make his home your own, and he will forthwith forget the terrible misery he has endured this day !" His imploring accents, terminating at last in almost a wail of despair, completely subdued my wrath and disarmed my lingering suspicions. I felt as if I had done a cowardly action in cursing this grey-liaired man, whose look, manner, and words, full of piteous pleading, betokened a mind grievously injured by unmerited insult. I stood before him in a state of shame and abasement such as I had not experienced since the day ho had gently broken the news to me of my having been declared incompetent of managing ray affairs. But the shame was different. It was tlie hand of Fate which then had nearly blotted out my mind, whereas now T had wantonly insulted an old gentleman through an inability to keep my passions under proper control ! "Accept my sincere apologies for that injustifi- able outburst this morning," was my reply, couched in affectionate tones. "And, if you will offer me the hospitality of your house again, I will gladly accept it." Like magic, my words dissipated the look of intense anxiety and suffering, so visibly depicted on my uncle's face a moment ago. He rose from his chair with an agility I could never have credited him with a few minutes previously,' and grasped my hands with fervour. "You have made a new man of me, Gerald, my boy!" lie exclaimed with enthusiastic heartiness. "Now go back to Ethel and give yourself up to enjoyment, whilst I seriously endeavour to settle this vexed question of sanity to your benefit." Considerably relieved at the turn events had j taken, I saw my uncle into a hxnsom, and then returned to the light and brilliancy of a drawing- room full of clever men and beautiful piquante women. I could scarcely believe that this short interview could so raise my spirits. Yet my uncle's promise, tardy though it was, to work for me, appeared as full of hope as the first beams of the sun piercing through dense black clouds. I now regarded my future as settled, and found an opportunity of whispering to Ethel my conviction that she had not too much time for the preparation of her troussfcau ! She blushed, and laughed, and looked so radiantly happy that I was very nearly kissing her before the assembled multitude. Several days elapsed, during which my uncle ap peared to be very busy with -my affairs. The two doctors who had certified to my lunacy again sepa rately examined me and went away with hopeful words on their lips. After the second one had departed, It struck me that the certificate I had received from the Parisian doctors might help to hasten their - verdict of my complete sanity. I therefore men tioned its existence to my uncle, and asked him whether I should send a copy to the physicians. He hesitated a moment and then asked to see the document, which I immediately produced. After ..scanning its contents, he pronounced- it so valuable that he imagined his best course would be to drive <to the doctors without delay and lay it before thorn. With a feeling of gratitude for his eager interest, I surrendered the paper, and watched him depart on ("this, to me, important errand. The days flew on and lengthened into weeks, ' without my uncle having been able to get an opinion from the physicians. They were always out, ' he told me, when he called, or else were too busily engaged with patients to see him ! My impatience at last became so great that I announced mj7 determina tion of placing the certificate of liberty in the hands of other doctors who would have time to attend to my interests. On hearing this, my uncle went once more to the dilatory experts and succeeded in obtaining an interview. I was anxiously awaiting his return, and as the carriage stopped, rt.il hastily out to meet liim. "Have you been successful this time?" I inquired. "Successful, in so far that I obtained access to tliem," was his reply. "And the document — is it valuable?" "It is waste-paper to you!" came the crushing answer. "Waste-paper? How can that be when it so fully describes my disease, and——" "It docs not describe your disease," interrupted my uncle. "The document is of value only to one Gerald Wilson, grocer's assistant, who was admitted into the hospital of Ste. Marie direct from his master's house in the Rue Lapcllctier. Except for the coincidence of the Christian names, there is nothing in the paper which -has tlie remotest con nection with you." I tottered into the library, aghast at the crumb ling of my strongest fortress. It was little less than fatuous that I had not remembered how Dubosque had forced me to sink my identity under a name which he had settled upon when my darkened reason rendered it necessary to remove me to a hospital. But a little further reflection revived my drooping spirits, for I l'elfc that I ought to have confidence in the two gentlemen who had my state of health under consideration, and who would un doubtedly report in my favour, backed up, as I now was, by the friendly representations of my guardian. ."What was the decision of the doctors?" I at length anxiously inquired. "They say it will take them months to arrive at a satisfactory decision," answered my uncle, un suspiciously. . "Then they shall no longer puzzle their 'addle- heads over me," I answered, giving full rein to my -wrath. "I shall look to you to back me up in my uturo proceedings, which,- first and foremost, will be to consult a shrewd and intelligent solicitor." "Do nothing rashly, I beg of you," interposed my uncle. j "Ah, there is Rochester!" I continued, scarcely noticing the interruption. "He is brilliant and successful; I will. take his advice." "You are too hasty, Gerald. You will ruin your future ! If you set these two eminent specialists in lunacy against you, your cause won't be worth a %" I "I will not again bo dissuaded from doing what | I ought to have done the moment I landed in Eng- i land," was my rejoinder. "Come, uncle," I con- i tinned, "yon will best- serve my interests by j driving with mo to Rochester's chambers." ; "I refuse to help you on to your ruin," said my | uncle, firmly. - . j "Then I must act without you!" I exclaimed j decisively. "When I look back upon all these j wasted months, my conscience reproaches me with j being a laggard. It is no use acting any longer j upon our own responsibility. We have tried and j have failed ; hence, as I am the principal party j involved, I am thoroughly determined to expedite j the machinery of law by the aid of one of its pro- j feasors." j My uncle did not immediately reply, but stood in" j .reflective attitude by7 tin: open window. Then he i turned suddenly, as if his mind was made up. J "Give me three days to expostulate with tlie ; doctors," he said, "and if I !a«l then I will no j onger oppose your wishes." I "Agreed!" 1 exclaimed, holding out my hands- j But the old gentleman glided from the room with- j out appearing to notice niv affectionate overture. 1 I went to bed that night in such a strange slate of exhilaration that I was an enigma to myself. The horrible procrastination which dogged my every effort had had its due effect in rendering mo irritable and anxious, and I was therefore non plussed at the feeling of delight which overtook me as I shut the door. I sat down and endeavoured to recall any circumstances which could have con tributed to such elasticity of mind, and, while I was racking my brains, the room faded from view, and I felt as if I was being wafted on golden wings to a region of eternal joy, wherein the most brilliant colours seemed to harmonise and blend with the strains of a heavenly music 1 Worry and anxiety could have no resting-place in such an abode of transcendant bliss, and I revelled with ardour in the peace which was breathed all around me. After backing in this stilly fragrance of harmony for somo time, a darker colour seemed to steal over the bright hues of my paradise, and I wonderingly asked myself "Is not happiness eternal in Heaven?" The gradual invasion of the sombre tints was the answer I obtained ; they slowly but surely dissolved the exquisite crimson and gold into a dull murkiness, which spread over every object and quenched the ! divine strains of enchanting music. I "It is possible to gain heaven and yet bo thrust j out," I said sadly to myself, and at this moment I recognised the familiar objects of my own bedroom ! I For hours I lay tossing about, a prey to the deepest gloom and despondency, A horrible sense Of bitter disappointment laid its heavy hand upon my heart, and bade me prepare for the utter annihilation of my fondest hopes. At length, as daylight crept into the room, I found relief in a few short hours of restless sleep. But when I rose, a new fear took possession of me, and it was due to my recognising, in last night's vision, the symptoms which were so familiar in my old mental disease, and which told me that I was on the high road to another attack ! The doctor's reticence and my uncle's caution were plainly justified by my experiences of the night. If they knew of them, they would assuredly negative any appeal to the Lord Chancellor, and I still clung to the wish to be pronounced sane. I would see Rochester secretly and at once, before the malady made any perceptible inroads on my health ; and I determined to adopt the madman's cunning in concealing every sign of insanity. As I entered the breakfast room, my uncle scrutinised my appearance so fixedly that I suspected he had discovered the secret. "Have you slept well?" he asked abruptly. "Not very well," I answered. "A cold in tlio head was troublesome." "Ah, I see your eyes are preternaturally brilliant, but directly after breakfast I will give you a remedy which will cut short the heaviest influenza." I took the remedy, and, under tlie pretext of requiring more sleep, retired to the solitude of my apartment, where I was safe from observation, and here I intended to remain until my uncle left the house for his usual morning walk. He went out ! earlier than I expected, and then I lost no time in ! obtaining a cab and driving to Lincoln's Inn, where I was fortunate enough to find Rochester with a few leisure moments at his disposal. I succinctly narrated my business, and graphi cally described the eagerness which consumed me to have the stigma of madness removed. Rochester listened quietly and attentively, merely asking a question here and there to elucidate a point, and once, when my earnestness led me into detailing a few leading symptoms of the old mania, lie looked up surprised, and asked more questions about them than their bearing on the case seemed to x-equire. He noticed the impatience with which I answered him, and excused himself for dwelling upon an un pleasant subject by stating that he was an ardent pathologist and chemist. Then I commenced anew to pour forth into his ear every minute incident which I imagined might be of service. He silently listened making voluminous notes, and when I had thoroughly exhausted the subject, began to ques tion me. " Of course you will understand, Mr Gray, that strictly speaking I ought to relegate you and your complaint to a solicitor. But the curious case you have just related induces me, as a friend, to loolc into it. Now, have you the certificate granted by tlie French doctors with you ? " "I gave it to my uncle, who has not returned it. "Oh!" ejaculated Rochester. "Well, who are your nearest living relatives ? " "I have but one relation in the world, and he is my uncle." . "But I understood jrou to say that he is your com mittee, charged with the guardianship of your person as well as your property? Has it ever struck you that, if anything happened to you, he would inherit your estate ? " " Of course it has 1 " "Then can't you see that it is not a case for a lawyer, but for a police magistrate?" said my friend, with a grim smile. "I am not in a jocular mood- -I answered, coldly. "Plea to explain." A hurried knocking interrupted me. Rochester's clerk put his heal in at the door and exclaimed, "You are wanted in Number 3 Court at once." Tlie barrister rose and hastily donned his wig and gown, at the same time asking me to call upon him in three days' time, when he would fully explain the . position I was in. ' Somewhat dissatisfied at Rochester's peculiar remarks, I went home and resigned myself to another three days' delay. But before the time of the appointment arrived, 1 was almost as bad as I was in the days of my worst mental attack. Exhilaration and depression, glorious visions and dark and terrible apprehensions, succeeded one another with alarming rapidity. My condition could be concealed from no one, for I talked more incoherently than ever I did before, and I began to think that a wretch like myself had no right to cumber the world. Ethel's distress and the tears which flowed against her will onlj serve to heighten my desire for rest in the tomb of eternal silence, and nothing but the fascination of the oft- recurring . visions of paradise prevented me from suicide. Per haps what made my pitiable condition seem all the more intolerable to myself was the keen conscious- | ness that, beneath a brain clouded over in some mysterious manner, there was an intellect as bright and as active as ever. It is almost needless to say that I retained sense enough to break tlie appointment with Rochester. Five minutes' conversation with him would he more than sufficient to reveal my mental deficiency, and to induce him to urge me to remain content with , whatever crumbs of happiness might occasionally fall to the lot of an outcast from the affection and sympathy of mankind. "" Thus I wearily shut myself off as much as possible from communion with the outer world, and endeavoured to wrap upself up in an impene trable armour of icy indifference which concealed but could not extinguish a raging fire of intolerable anguish. To be continued.) A good sort of man was recently asked to suu- senbe for a chandelier for the church. " Now," said ho, " wliat-'s the use of a chandelier ? After you get it von can't get any one to play on it." A trover conclusion for the marriage ceremony in many of our fashionable weddings would be, "What commercial interests have joined together, let no ill- temper put asunder." If it is said that a young lady "throws herself away," understand she has married for love; if that she is " comfortably selLled," understand that she has mnrried a wealthy old man whom she hates. A rheumatic patient (old his doctor that he had got " romantic pains." The doctor assured him he would soon be well, as he had got plenty of romantic medicines. A little five-year-old girl, on being told something which much amused her, exclaimed emphatically, " I shall remember that the whole of my life, and wlien-I forget it- 1 will write it down." " Don't sit so far away from me, Ilarry, dear," she said to her lorer, while they were steaming up the river with the excursion ; " don't sit so far away and turn your back to me in that way ; people will think we're married." Strong-minded Wife: "Eh, Jeames, you are great on languages ; what is the difference between exported and transported ?" Submissive Husband: " V» hy, my dear, if you should go to America, you would be exported, and I— well, I should be trans ported.' An Irishman fell in love with a lady, but, instoad of reciprocating his affections, she fell in love wilb another man, and married him, which caused Pat tc exclaim, in the fulness of his heart, " Och 1 woult that ye had been born twins, so that I could ha;" had half o' ye !" A country poet, after taking a general view z life, has come to the following rhyming conclusion 