"TO MAKE YOUR FLESH CREEP/ Some Prize Ghosts from Mr. Stead's Collection. "Real Ghost; Stories" is Mr. Stead's latest publication. Here are some of them ( THE CLAIRVOYANT AND Till* MORDEREH. The idea of using the clairvoyant as a spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an un known murderer has always been a fascinating one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in the vision tallied with the case afterwards got together against a particular man, who had a feud with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of "not proven" verdict: The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's presence, and then ordered " to look for the place where the murder had been committed and see the whole scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describe him and his home and the motive for the murder." Miss Olseu then spoke as follows, in great agitation, some times using violent gestures. I took notes of her exact words, _and reproduce them here fully: " It is between two villages-I see a road in a wood-now it is coming-the gun- now he is coming along, driving-the horse is afraid of the stones-hold the horse! hold the horse! now! now he is killing him-he was kneeling when he fired-blood! blood I now he is running in the wood-seize him!-he is tunning in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits-nob on any footpaths. He wears a cap and grey clothes-light-has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for along time-grey-blue eyes-treacherous lool« -great dark-brown beard-he is accustomed to work 011 the land. I believe he has cut his right hand. He has a scar or a streak between his thumb and forefinger. He i3 suspicious and a coward, {"The murderer's home is a red wooden house standing a little way back from the road. On the ground-ficor is a room which leads into the kitchen, and_ from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchen. The church of Wissefjerda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the pas sage. "His motive was enmity i it seems as if he had bought something-taken something-a paper. He went away from home at day break, and the murder was committed in the evening." Miss Olsen was then awakened and, like all nay subjects, she remembered perfectly what she had been seeing, which had made a very profound impression on her. Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the scar on the hand. The clairvoyant had never seen the mur derer in her lifeand knew nothing of the circumstances. A SISTER'S DREAM. " Here is a thrilling sailor-story bearing on the subject of apparitions at tne moment of death: A great gust of wind seized the half slackened maintop-sail and sent it fluttering into fragments. At the same moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam ends, and I above the howling of the gale we heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J P , sent whirling headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and I can hear the very tones of his heartrending cry, " Oh! Lucy, Lucy," as he disappeared for ever in the dark ness below. ; After the storm abated the captain made a careful ncte of the exact time of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other par ticulars. He seemed struck at my mention of the exclamation I had overheard falling from the poor fellow's lips as he clutched in vain at the yielding air._ . "Ah," he said, "that must have been his sister, Lucy Y , to whom he was greatly attached." The rest of the voyage passed without incident, and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made my way to the train which was to take me to Manchester. I was walking idly along the platform when I saw the face of an old gentleman, who, with a young lady on his arm, was elbowing his way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so striking that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes hap pened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gave a violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaiming-"Oh, look, there's the face of my dream!" stared at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her to the nearest waiting-room. As he passed he begged me to come with therr; ~nd handed me his card. ' When we were alone the old gentleman explained that the sight of my, /ice had reminded his daughter of j-A'&rv; .peiji-Bgnfifrr unpleasant dream, to .yaich she still iSsiated m attaching uqjjg&nw;, He said present moment, indeed, we are to our way*to discover if the. owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival." ' I said-"I am an apprentice of the C and have but lately left her lying in fclu harbor." "Then, 'the young lady cried, "I must be right. It must be true. 'Twas the man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in _ the midst of a fearful storm and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed td pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I awoke, perfectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name-'Oh', Lucv, Lucy'-whis pered in my ears." > The expression of my face must have con veyed but too well the meaning of > uiy silence. "My God!" cried Mr. . "is it true then 1 Is he dead ?" I stammered, "Too true, sir. Yes! every word of it! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him." On comparing notes we found that the dienm took place the very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even the verv "hour when the accident occurred! A TERRIBLE RIDE. i The scene of the following ghastly adventure is a solitary country road at night. We skip the rider's previous dream, and come at once to the " creeps" : (Nothing remarkable occurred for the first half-hour. The moon was shining brightly. By and by the route went straight through'a cutting where the hedges were a little higher than ordinary. On arriving at this point he noticed that_ his horse changed his easy trot into a walking pace and seemed somewhat Uneasy. However, the cutting was passed, and again they were on the moonlit road, which he could see stretching away in front over the undulating hills. Cantering along they had not proceeded far before the animal dropped into a walk again. Encouragement and caresses were vain, walk he would. Suddenly the horse came to a dead halt in the middle of the road. The suddenness of stop ping nearly unseated the rider, but he urged the animal forward. The horse was induced to walk on again, although apparently very . uneasy. '' They had not gone many vards before the horse stopped again so suddenly that he had to clutch the animal's main to prevent beinf thrown headlong upon the highway. What was the meaning of such strange behaviour? Then there flashed through his mind the circumstances of his dream. Yes, there were all the accompaniments of his picture-the bay horse, the moonlit road, the sudden stoppages. Surely it was a warning. Twice had the creature halted, and he recollected his dream made him the third time fall head foremost on the road. He got off, and. throwing the bridle over his arm, coaxed the horse to move onward. He noticed that the animal was covered with perspiration, as if after a hard gallop, and that he was trembling violently. Reneatedly. too, he glanced searchingly at the hedges. What could be the matter? The strange conduct of the horse became yet stranger. More suddenly than before the animal came to a dead halt. The animal was in deep distress. His nostrils were dis tended ; sweat covered his limbs; his eyes were bent in one direction, with every symptom of terror. Not seeing anything remark able at first in the direction in which the horse was gazing, Foster tried to urge him onward; in vain! Passing round to the other side of the animal's head, Foster was induced to look more closely towards that portion of the somewhat low hedge which the horse so intently regarded. There in the moonlight, hanging, bending limp and apparently lifeless over the hedge, was the body of a tall man. With arms out stretched, the figure seemed touching * the ground with its fingers, the legs being on the other side of the hedge. What was his horror to see the body move ! Slowly, mechanically, the long arms were outstretched; uplifted; the body swayed up, up; and there in the bright" moonlight was the man's face. How ghastly it looked ! The glassy eyes were staring at the young man, whose blood seemed chilling in his veins. Motionless, upright as an elm, with Outstretched arms, stood the gaunt spectre. Its throat was cut. i There stood the group. The horse terrified ; the young man speechless, terror-stricken; and the hideous something seemingly regarding them with his stony gaze, while blood appeared to flow from its lacerated throat. How long he remained Foster could not afterwards telf; but, after an interval that seemed an age, the horrible vision began as slowly and mechani cally as before to bend its erect body forward, until it resumed its former position hanc'injr over the hedge. : With a mighty effort the young man induced the horse to move on once more, but on look ing back ho was startled again to see the erect figure of the lu.eturnal spectre-uplifted anus, ghastlv features, and blood-red throat. Just as slowly a» before the tall bodv bent forward, the lums (Ironiiod down, down, until some jntem-iimg bufclsv-s :-im« out iho horrible jvpir.-.hk.n fictr. \ lew. | i'Vtn fc.'Hhfd har.e nc-'U- Psidnight. After ly.'Mds he If-nmt that a man had bc-ou ;nur dered 011 the very spot where he had seen the tall figure. AN EEHIE STORY FROM THE SHETLAND*. Here is a'sample'of the narratives repeated iu good faith by the superstitious folks of tho remote Shetlands: One day iu 1830 a fisherman of the name of Grey found that when returning from fishing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, think ing it might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. He thought he might have struck on a hidden shoal, and rooked the boat. She rocked freely, showing there was water under her keel. Grey then looked over the stern, and to liis horror he saw a man, whom he knew had been dead for six months, holding on to the stern-post. This man was one with whom he had had some little quarrel, and Grey besought him to free the boat, saying that he had hoped that death would have can celled all enmity between them. Without reply ing the man still held on, and at last, in despair, Grey took his axe and hacked off the stern post, when the boat at once shot forward. The man, however, cried out that Grey [and he should meet again in six weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and told his family and friends of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time the dead man had named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A son of Robert Grey, who saw the mutilated boat come in, was, at any rate keeping a sailors' boarding-house in Antwerp, but there are many in the Shetland Isles who well remember the circumstances and seeing the boat with the stern-post cut off. GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying one3 in Mr. Stead's collection. There are diabolical floating faces and mutilated, trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body " burning from within, outwards unconsumed." There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bed clothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of material and immaterial. There is even a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit the porter in the calf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as the only instance we have yet come across of a " warm, soft, and plump" ghost-but the poor thing only consisted of a hand and arm. But we will conclude with a very creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparition may fit itself out, it seems, with the very parts which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on the back: "About the middle of the first decade of this century there lived in the little seaport town of Girvan, in Ayrshire, a young man and his sister; they were warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was intimately acquain ted with the young woman. The brother followed the precarious and dangerous avocation of the fisher, and our story begins with the loss of his life by the swamping of his boat in a storm. "For a week or two his sister was incon solable; her mind dwelt in imagination on the loved form of her brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on the bed of the ocean, the food for fishes, and the dwelling-place for creeping things." I- [At this stage the body was discovered in a rocky part of the coast, owing to a singularly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to the town; an incident remarkable in itself, but not to our present purpose. The corpse, which was much decomposed, had lost the right hand. This mutilation made a deep and pain ful impression on the sister's mind.] "Ever and anon she would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her own hands, and bewailing the loss of her brother's hand. "This continued for about a week, until one night, preparatory to going to bed, she had undressed; but, before she had got into bed, overcome by the force of her emotions, she threw her face on the pillow and burst out weeping, and bemoaning the lost hand; but scarcely had she done so when, with a cry of fear, she sprang from the bed. "Her cries soon brought the other incite? of the house to her room, and when she informed them that whRr>rfi^^l^v£Sro\¥,;i herself on the bed she.fplt"t^^ne" wy^";h^ »' slap on the that the juicIcing1fromj]vfeL®5^fevO^^^?r:;ani>orti. her, hand vo^efeiieflisl^ place - .".They shouldertblivilfi^m^vSd^lito^was^heliifipr^ sion of a 