[COXXIKUKD I'-ROjt SATUIiDAT S ISSUE. [ah RIGHTS RESERVED.] NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. CorviiiouT, 1891, By II. Rider ttAGciAnb CHAPTER XH. .. - - ■ Tkk Tale of Galazi tileWot.f. Now, my father, I will go back a littlo, for my tale is long and winds in and out like a river.in a plain, and tell of the Fate'oF Um slopogaas when'the lion had tnken him, as he told it to me in the afwi' years. The lioness bounded away, ,and in . her mouth was \j mslopogaas. Once ho struggled, but she bit.him hard, so ho lay,quiet in her mouth, and looked back and saw tho faco of Nada as she ran from the fence of thofns, crying. 'Save him !' HetwiV her fnce, he hoard her words,' thoh he saw and heard little nvire, for the woild grew dark to him and ho passed, as it wero," into'hideep sleep; Presently Umslopogaas awoko again, feelinii pain in his thigh, where the iiones3 had bitten him, and heard n sound of shouting. He looked up ; near to liim stood the lioness that had loosed liini- from her jaws. She was snorting with rage, and in front of her was a lad—a lad long and sttoilg, with ii grim face, and a wolf's hide, black and St&yt; bound about his shoulders ill slitili si fashion that tho upper inw nnd tooth of tho wolf rested on his hcr«d. He stood beforo tho lioness, shouting, and in one hand ho held a large war-shield and in the other he grasped a heavy club shod with iron. - Now, the lioness crouched herself to sprint;, growling terribly, but tho lad with the club did not wait for the spring. He ran in upon her and smote her on the head with the club-' He smote hard and well, yet this did hot Hill her, for she reared herself \Jpon lier hind legs and struck at him heavily. lie caught tho blow upon his shield, but the shield was driven against his breast so strongly Mlat ho fell backwards beneath the shield, and lay there howling like a wolf in pain.'' Then the lioness sprang upon him and worried at him. Still, because of the shield, as yet she could not some to him to slay him. ButUriislopo-' gaas saw that this might not endure, for pres-j ently the shield would be torn aside fcUei stranger must be killed.; JfoW\ fii tho breast of the lioness yet stood tile half of Umslopo gaas' broken spear, and the blade of it was a span deep in her breast. Then this thought came into the mind of Umslopogaas, ihat he: would drive lhe spear home or die. So ho rose swiftly, for .strength cama back to him: in his need, and ran to where tile lioness; worried at him who lay beneatl\ thti shield.. She did not heed him, ftwA ne flung himself upon his kneefj before her, and, seizing the, haft of the broken spear, drove it deep into' htir and wrenched it round. Now she saw him and turned roaring, and clawed at liim, tearing his breast and arms. Then, as he' lay, he heard a mighty howling,'ahd, behold!; grey wolves and black leaped upon the lioness i and rent' and vrorried het till' she fell and was torn to pieces by them. ' After this the; senses of'Umslopogaas left him again, and the light went, out of his eyes so tW he was as one dead. r. At length liis mind cnmc bick to him, and with it liis memory, and he remembered the lioness and looked up to-find her. Bnthe did not find her, and he sa.\v that. Ire \&Sf; iVv a cave upon a bed of grass-, wliITcs a.il about him were the skins of blasts, and as his side was 1 a pot lilted with watsr. Ho put out hi.=) hand and, taking the pot, drank of the water, and then lie saw that his arm was wasted as with sickness, and that his breast j was thick with scars scarcely skittnwi.tiVer. Now, while he lay iUul wondered, the mouth of the caro Was darkened, and thrpugh it came that same lad who had .done Rattle with' the lioness and teen overthrown by her, bearing a dead buck upon his shoulders. Tie put down the buck upon the ground* and, walking to where Umslopogaas lay;, looked upon him. ^ ' Ou' lie said, ' your oyesarc open-r-db you then, live, stranger ?' live,' answered Umslopogaas, " ' and I am hungry-.' •v';; ' It is UViic,' said the other,Fince.with toil l bore you hero through the forest, for twelve days you have lain without sense, drinking water only. ' So deeply. J>^d the lion clawod you that I thought ot you'as dead. Twice I.-was nWif to . killing you, that you might cease Vo sufTer.arid T to be trouVleil, fbutl held my hand, because of a word which jcamo to we from one who is dend. Now eat, that your strength may return, to,yp.u.; Afterwards we will talk.' 1 • . . . go Umslopogaas ate.' and little,by. little his; strength came back to him—every day littler And afterwards, as they sat at night by the fire in the cave they'spoke together. 'How are yott iiamed.T asked TJn>slppo gaas of the other. '1 am named Galazi the Wolf,' he ansr ■ wered, Sand I am.of 55ulu blood—ay, of the blood of Chaka the king; for the father.of Senzangacona, the father of Chaka) was my; great-grandfather.' ' AVlience, then, raliio yuti, Galazi V 'I came from Swaziland—from the tribe of the Halakazi, which I should rule. . This is the story; Siguyana, my grandfather, was a younger brother of Senzangacona, ; the father of Chaka. But he quarrelled with Senzangacona, and becafti'e a wanderer. VVitn certain of the people of the Umtetwa lie wandered into Swa7.il.1nd, and sojourned with the Halakazi tribe in their great eaves; and the end of it was that he slew the chief; of the tribe and took his place. After he was dead, my father ruled in his place; but there was a great party in the tribe that hated his rule because lie was of the Kulu race, and it would have set up a chief of the old Swnzi blood in his place. Still, they could not do this, for my father's haitd was heavy on the people. Now-, I Wits the only son of my father by his li«ad wife, and should bo thief nfter him, and therefore those of the Swazi party, and they were many and great, hated me also. So matters stood till last year in the winter,and then my father set his heart upon killing twenty of the headmen, with their wives and children, because he knew that they plotted against him. But the headman learned what was to come, and thdy prevailed 'upon a wifo of my fathor, a woman of -.their own blood, to poison him. So she poisoned him m the night, aud in tho morning it was told me that my, father lay Bick and summoned me, and I went to my father. In his hut I 'found him, and he was writhing with pain. ' ' What is it, my fathor V I said. ' Who has done this evil ?' ' ' It is this, my son,' he gasped, ' that I am poisoned, and yonder she stands who has done the deed,' and lie pointed to the woman who stood at tho side of the hut near the door, her chin upon her breast, trembling as she looked upon the fruit of her wickedness. ' Now, the girl was young and fair, and we had been friends, yet I say that I did not pause, for my heart was mad in me. I did nfft pause, but seizing my spear, I ran at her and, though she cried for mercy, 1 killed her with the spear. ' ' That was well done, Galazi !' said my father. ' But when I am gone, louk to your self, my son, for these Swazi dogs will drive you out and rob you of your place ! But if they drive you out and you yet live, swear this to me—that you will not rest till you avenge me. ' ' I swear it, my father,' I answered. ' I swear that I will stamp the men of the tribe of Halakazi fiat: every one of them except those of my own blood, and bring their ivomen to slavery and their children to bonds !' 1 '' Big words for a young mouth,' s-iitl my father. 'Yet you shall livo to bring these things about, Gslazi. This I know of you now in the hour of my death, you shall he a wanderer for the tew years of your life, child of Siguyana, and v.'anderiug in another land you shall die a man's death, and not such a dcith as yonder nitcb ia given to me.'Then, having spoken thus, ho lifted up his head, looked at me, and with a great groan lis died. ' Now I passed out of the hut dragging the body of the dead girl after me. In front of the hut were gathered many headmen waiting for the end, and I saw that their looks wero sullen. '' The chief, my father, is dead !' I cried in a loud voice, and I, Galazi, who am the ehiof, have slain her who murdered him !' and I rolled the body of the girl over on to her back so that they might look upon har face. ' Now, the father of the girl was among I those who stood before me, ho who had brought her to tho deed, and hia heart was maddened at the sight. '' What, my brothers V ho cried ' Shall wo suffer that this young Zulu dog, this murderer of a girl, be chief over us ? Never ! The old liou is dead, now for tho cub !' and he ran at me with spear aloft. , 'Never 1' shouted tho others, and thoy, too, ran towards me, shaking their spears. ' I waited, I did not hasten,- -for- I knew well that I should not die then, I knew it because of my father's words. I waited till the n>an was near m?;. he thrust, I sprang aside and drove my spear through .him, and on the daughter's body the father fell dead. Then I shouted aloud, and rushed through them. 'None-touched me;.*)qno could catch me; the man does not live who can catch me when my feet are on the ground ond J am away.'- " • *. - ' Yet I might try,' taio. Umslopogaas, smiling, for of all lads among the Zulu lie was'the &wiftesfc; of foot. . 'First walk, again j;. then run," answered Galazi. . . ......... ■ ' Take up tho' talc,' quoth Umslopogaas; 'it i3 tt Ulerry oliei,' ' Something is -.left to tell, stranger.. I fled.froni ths country of the . Halakazi, nor did I linger at all in the land of the Swazis; but cams on swiftly into (he Zulu. Now, tlits was in uiy mind, : that I would go to Ghaka and tell him of my wrong8( asslng that he would send tui: i'ilpl to hiake an end of tho Halakavi But while I journeyed,finding food and shelter as I might, I came one night to the kraal of an old maniwho knew Ghakiijiind hud known Siguyutia my »rahdfather, and to him, when 1 had tarHeu tlierS twodliVsI told- my tale. But th¥ old itiJih Counselled mq against fbs sayllig that Cliaka, the kiug,! did hot love to look on slioots sprung from the rpyal stock, and would kill me; moreover,' tho. man offered r me a place in his kraal, i Now, I held that there was wisdom 111 his words, and thought ho mora of - standing be-! foro the king .to cry .for justice, forho,who cries to kingsfor justice', soinftimes finds' death, Still,/! woiikt, not.sttiy. in the tcraal of the old man,. for he had sons to come: after him who looked on'nie with 110 liking; moreover; j would bo a Jjhiet to myself, even, if 1 livc'cl alone. So.I left the kraal by night find walked on, not knowing where I should go. 'Now, on tho third night, I came to .a little kraal that stands/on the farther side: of the river at the foot-of tho mouutains.' Iiij front of tho kraal sat an old, old woman j basking in the rays of the setting sun, Sliej saw me, and spoXq to snying, 'Young man,; you are tall and strong and nwift of foot. ' Would, ypii; earh a> famous Weapon,.a club,; that dWioys'all who look on it!' „ ... •: ; 1,11 said that I would have.such a club,-and asked'what l shoylddoto win it.' 'Sou shall do, this,'-s*id. :tho old, old, woman : ' to-morrow morning, at tho first light, ,you shall 30 up ,to yonder mountain,' iind'sho poiuted to the mountain where you are now, stranger, where the.stone Witch sits for evor, waiting for the world to die. 'Two thuds of tho way up the mountain you wel come to a path that is difficult to. climb. You sliall climb thq path and enlel" a gloomy forest. It is ,voi;y: dark in the forest^ but you must, push through it till vnu finttili to an open plttco With a. wull Uf. ruck behind it. .In the frail oT jfo'ck is a^cave, and in the cavo ybu will .find . Lhe .bomvj of,,a- man.,:; Bring down the bones in a .bag, and I will give you the duh IV: . i- - - -' ' : ' While she.spoko thus, people.came out of the kraal, aiid listened.! '' Do not heed hef) -young ftian,' thuy aaid, 1 unless you arc iVoiuy of life. 1)6 hot hoed het* J she is crazy/* The • iUoutvfciiin is haunted.;-ib is the pja'ce 'of giVoc-tiu Look at the stoli'o Avitclt Who sits upon it! Evil Spirits live, in the forest, and no ni»n has .walked: there for many, years. Her son -was foolish ; lie went to walk in'the' forest,.say ing that lie eared nothing for ghosts; ahd tlie ' Aniafotigo,' the .ghost-Folk, .killed hitn; That-AVas- ma^y^.ypftrs* iigHi -hone ,'hftvo dared. tti R'cek his bones. Ever she sits here and asks of thcipiisset&J-by; \-- that they should bring them, offering tho great club for a re ward ; but they dare not!' ' ' They lie !' said the old woman! ' There arc no gliusts^hei'o.7' The' ghosts.Hvo only in their cmv.u'dly hearts thei-e Are but wolves. 1 know that the boiieS Vf tiiy s'on lie.in the cave', for. J-nayo^.seen; them- in-^-a, dream.; Hti'ty iitai!' ;'.my old, , lirubs are 't& W.ikk, to carry me up tho mountain path,''and all these, are cowardB ^ ' there' is ,'rlbr' man I among'theni sirice'the Zulus 'slew- my .hus; b'aiid';. coyeriiig him with wounds !'{ " ! : ' Wow, I listened,;: saying jno ' Word j : but: j whe.n,i;all -had .done-, I usl'ed • to- seerMhe' iclub whjoli'shoVild'be'given''to him- who darid1 j to face-thiy AmatoWgo',' the - ' spirits' who 'IiVu'd j in the forest upon the Ghost Mountain.' jTlien the old woman roso, and creeping on ;her hands went,. ii\to_ tho. ,liut.. Presontly •she rcturn£^:*g|utt,?dft&gin;&..ibe?-great club ,after her. ' Look on it,:stranger;l :lijok"'tm it! Was ithero eversucli a el\il) i' Atul llnlazi held it up ;before thb.byea'61':iUmfldpbgaas.'r 1 4In truth, my father, that was a club,for I, Mopo, saw in* after days: "Tt wiis great and knotty, black iis iron that had been smoked 'in the fire, and shod with metal that was :Y.'Gi-n"smooth with.smiting! ; ' I looked at it,' trfenfc ohfjalaii,' 'and I Vetf you-, sthibge^j \ 'gifcal? a'esire canio into my heatt I'd possess it. f 'How is this club named Tasked of the old woman. ' , / : ,f ; , ' 'Hd is named Watcher of the Fords,' she answered, 1 and he.has not watched iii vain. Five men have hcltl that club in war and a hundruti'-and-ssveuty-and-thrco have gmm up their liven beneajh its strokes. He who held it last'slew twentj' before he was slain hiinself,:for this foriune goes with the, club —that ho who, owns it shall, die holding it, but in a great fashion. ' There is but one other weapon to match with it in Zululand, and that i3 the gre'it axe of JikiKa, the chief of the peoplo of the Axb, who dwells in tho kraal yonder J the ancient Wt-h-ija^te'd ttn bubuBiy the iJroan'-Maker, .thai ferities vic tory. Were, axe. Groan Maker, and club, Vratch'cr 'rtf thb Fords, side by side, there a'rS htt Lnlrty men in Zululand who might stand before them. I hare said. Choose,' and she watched mo cunningly through her horny eyes. . ' ' H ie speaks truly now,' said one of those who stood near. ' Let the club be,' young man; he who owns it smites great bloWB indeed, but in the end he dies by the ilssegAi. Nonodaro own the AVattiherof tha ForaS;' 1 1 A good de&tltUhd; S. ewifti' t Answered, and pondered a tithe, whilo still the old wotnall Wiltchcd me through hev hornj' eyes. At'length she roso, 'La! la!' she said, 'the Wa'cher is not for this one. This man is but a child, I must seek me a man, I must seek me a man !' ' 'Not so fast, old wife,' I said ; ' will you lend me this club to hold in my hand while I goto find the bjnes of your son and to snitch them from the people of the ghosts?' "Lend you tho Watcher, boy ? Nay, nay! f should see little of you again or of the good club eitheti' ' 'I altt no tliief,' I answered. ' If tho ghosts kill mo, mayhap you will see. mo no more, or the club either ; but if I live I will bring 3'ou back the bones, or, if I do not find them, I will render- the Watcher into your hands again. At the least I say this, that if you will not lend me the club, then I will not go into the haUnted place.' ' ' Boy, your eyes are honest,' she said, still peering at inn. ' Take the Watcher, go seok the bones. If you die, let the club bo lost with you ; if you fail, bring him bick to me ; but if you win the bones, then he is yours, and he shall biing you glory, and you shall die a great death at last hoidina iu'm aloft among the dead.' 'So on the morrow at' dawn I took the club Watcherinniyhand aridalittledaucingshield, andmadeready tostart. Theold woman blessed me and bade me farewell, but the oLher people of the kaaal mocked, saying : ' A little man for so bif> a club ! Beware, little man, lest the ghosts use the club on you !; So uioy BpoKo, dud one gin m tue Kraal—she is a granddaughter of the old woman—lorl me asido, pray inn me not to go, for the forest on the Ghost Mountain had. an ovil name : none oared walk there, since it was cortainly full of spirits, who howled like wolves. I thanked "tho girl, hut to the others I said nothing, only I asked of the path to-the Ghost Mountain. 'Now, stranger, if you lmo strength, come to the mouth of the cave and look out, for the moon is bright.1 '" — So Umslopogaas rose and crept through the narrow mouth of the cave. There, above him, a grep.t grey peak, shapod like a seated woman, powered high into the air, her chin resting upon her breast, the place where the cave Was being, as io were, on the lap of the worn,in. Below this place the rock ran down sharply, and nas clothed with little I bushen. Lower down yet was a forest, great and dense, that stretched to the lip of a cliff, and at the foot of the cliff, beyond the waters of the river, lay the wide plains of Zulu landi ' Yonder, stranger,' said GuW.i, pointing with the club Watcher of the Fords far away to the plain beneath ; ' yonder is the kraal where tho aged woman dwelt. There is the clifl rising from the plain, up which I must climb ; tbore is tho forest, where dwell the Amatonfro, tho people of tho ghosts ; there, on the hither side of tho forest-, ruus tho path to the cave, and here is the cave itself. See t this stone lying at the mouth of tho cave, it c turns thus, shutting up the mouth of the i cave—it turns gently ; though it is so largo, I a child may move it, for it rests upon a sharp 1 point of rock. Only this, the stone may not < be pushed too far ; for, look ! if it came to a here,' and he pointed to ii mark in the mouth £ of the Cave, ' then tlmt ilia!) mlirit lie strong i who till driifr it back again, though I have i dune it myself; who am not a man full grown. < But if it pass beyond this mark, then, see, it : will roll down the neck of .of .tho cave like a pebble down the neck of a gourd, and 11 hink that two men, one striving from within and 1 0110 dragging from without, soarcely could i avail to push it elt?!ir. tiook hofr, 1 otoso tho stulle, fts is my custom of a night, thus'— and ho grasped the rock and swung it rouisu upon its pivot, on which it turned as a door turns. 1 Thus I leave it, and though, cxcept those to whom the seorct in known, none would guess that n cavo lvna hel'o. yet with a push of the hand it may be rolled back. . But enough of the stoho. Enter again, stranger,: and I will go furtvurd with tny tiile, for it is long alid strtitigo. - • ; ' I started froln the kraai of the old woman, and.the jjebpiu bf-Utft Kraal foilbft bd ine to the brink of file river. It was in flood, and few hod dared to cross it. 1 f Ha ! ha 1' they cried, 'now your journey is done, little man ; watch by tho ford you who would win tho Watcher of tho Ford ! Beat the water1 witiK tho1 club, perhaps So it shall grow gentle thur.yolir foot may , ass it!' 'I answered'''nothing to thoit mocking, onlv I bound tho shield ti{.»osi my shoulders with a String, tit-d tho bag that t had brought ,T made fust about my middle, and't held, the -great cltib in irij; teeth t)y tho thohig. .Then I plUnged. into tlib rivet' ittid fewaiii.. Twice, stranger, the current bore me under, and those oil tho bank shouted that I was lost ; | but yet I rose again, and in the end I won the farther shore. 'Now those on the bank mocked no more; they.stood still wondering, and I walked on till T camo to the foot of tho cliff. That cliff; is hard to climb, stranger; when you are: strong upon your feet again, I will show you the path. ^Tefci folind ft fray lip it, rtnd by midday,t.eamo to the forest. Hero, on "the edge of tho forest,. I rested awhile, and ato a little food that I had brought with me in the batr, for now I must gather up iny strength to meet the ghostly iflghost's there were. Then I rose and plunged into the forest. Tho trees lire great .that grow ther<\ stranger, and the leaves of them lire 30 thick that in certain places the light is as that of night when tho | moon is little, Still, I wended on, often losing my path. But from time to time between the tops of tho trees I saw tho figure of the grey Stone woman who bits on tho top of Ghost-Mountain, iind fihajMti ttiy SourBo towards hoi'-.k,lief.•5, My heart baab as I wended through the forest in 'dark and lonu ! liness like that of the, night, and oyer I W>fced:round searching for,the.eyes (of the f Amatong6.\ 'iBuKjsa\v no spirits,though at \- timesjgreat ppottecjL s'nakes, crept.from; before "my; feet,: andv perchance these^ivere ^ the ! ' Arnatongoi'v At tlnitB! alno,' J I; icSiught gliillpsRs of.sonic.gl'ey wolf ns lid sluiilc 'from tree to tree Watching toe, and. always high obnvn iilv iir>.-id: kiih Wihd si«hed in the (»rb.*lE boUsiiif'Ji:of/wonieh. ; . . ''Still, I wont on. singing to myself as I went, that my heart-might not faint with fear, and at length, towards J ho end of the second hour,//he , tree's "gre^ -fewer, tho around sloped up\var(ls,~and'thy light poured down, frqm the hwivens ftjpinl; But) stranger) yriU ftVQ Weftr^, aiid the liigiit Wears oli; sleep now, and tp";morrow;L>will.! «md the talc. Say, first,.hojv nre.y.ou jijMued?' r, 'I am named Umslopogaas, son of Mopo,' he answered,.';and mj)-, tale .shall be told when yours is ,done ; let us sleep I' How, when Galnzi heard this naliiehestarted and was troubled, but Said nothing. So they laid them dovViW.ci sleep; rt'ticl llaiaSi WHpped : tjmsiopogaas with.t]ieskins of bucks. But Galnzi the Wolf was so hardy that ho l\y down on thft bnre,vock,nnfJ;had!no cover iiiK. So they slept, and without the door of the cavo the waivija ;'howled, scenting the ■ blood of men. i , ^ xrti. j GALAZI ; 1^E(X>JMJ5S; KTlXG- OF , THE ; .WOIjVES. | On the morrow Uiiislopogaas awoke, and' (knew that strpngth jvas grqwing'bnihim fast, j Still, all that day'-..lie. yosted. in " "the cavo, iwhile Galazi went' out to hunt. In (ho 'ev.ewingilw "turned,. bcarilVe : a brick- upon |his shoulders; and thoy skinned the buck and'ftW of it as t^ioysat by the firo. And Iwhen tho.sun^was down Galazi took up his 'talo'.i• .. . .. . 'iNow, Umslopogaas, son of Mopo, hero 1 I had passed the fol'i'at, and had etiftie, US it ■were, to the logs of the old stoiie Witch ttrJio> :sits Up aloft lliei;e for .ever .wiijtinij .for hue •.vot'ld tb die; , Hero the SUU shone .merrily, hero iiiards ran and birds liew-to and fro, and though it grew towards the evening— for I had wandered long in the forest—Iwas afraid 110 more. So I climbed up the steop rock, where little bushes grow like hair on the arms of it man, till.at Inst I came to t]ie knees, o/ til? stbiie W^Hb! which ah) t'ib space bei'.>n) the cave. Lliftedmy head.over 'the brink of tho rock and looked, and'I toll you; Umi-lopogaae, my blood ran cold and my heart turned to water, for there, before the cave, rolled wolves, many and great..' Some slept and growled in their sleep, some gnawed at the skulls of dead game, some sat up like dogs and, their tongues hung from their gririlijng jaws. I looked * 1 saw; and beyond 1 discovered ,t,he iiiolith,rif tho crtvti, whefce the. .bones of the tidy should be. But I had iio wish to como there who was afraid of the wolves, for now I knew that, these were the ghosts who live upon tho mountain. So I bethought me that I would fly, and turned to go. And, Umslopogaas, oven as I turned, the great club Watcher of the Fords swung round and smote me on the back such a blow aa ft man smites upon a coward. Now, whether this Was by chalico or whether tho Watcher would shaine him who bore it, say you, for 1 do nbtknoW.At tho l'oiiBh, shame entered into Hib. Should I go back to be mocked by llio people of the kraal and by tlie old woman 1 Ami if I would go, should I not be killed by the ghosts at night in the forest 1 Nay, it wns better to die in the jaws of the wolves, and at once. Thus I thought in my heart; then, tarrying, not, lest fear should como upon me again, I swung up the Watcher, and crying aloud tho war-cry of the Halakazi, I sprang over tho brink of the rock ond rushed upon tho Wolves. They, too, spranc Up and stood howling, with bristling hides and fiery eyefc, atld the smell of tlieln eattio ititt) My nostrils; \'et when thiSy saw it was a man that rushed upon them, they were seized with sudden fear and fled this way and that, leaping with great bounds from the place of roek, which is tho knees of the stone Witch, so that presently I stood alono in front of (ho cave. Nb'V, having conquered , tho wolf ghosts ana no blow struck, my heart swelled within me, and I walked to tho mouth of the cave proudly, as a cock walks upon a roof, and looked in through the opening. As it chanced, the sinking sun shone at this hour full into tho cave, so that all its darkness was made red with light. ■ Then, once more, Umslopogaas, I sren' afraid indeed, for I could see the end of the cave. • Lwuk now I" There is a hole in tho wall of the cave, where the firelight falls below the shadow of the roof, twice the height of a man from the floor. It is a narrow hole and a high, is it not ?—as though one had cut it with iron, and a man might sit in it, his legs hanging towards the floor of the cavo. Ay, Umslopogaas, a man might sit in it, might he not'! And there'a man sit,or that which had been a man. There sat. the bnnes of a man, and the black skin had withered oil his bones,holding them together,and making liini awful to Bee. His hands were open beside him, ho leaned upon them, and in the right hand was a piece of hide from his moocha.! It was half eaten, Uinslopogaas ; he had eaten it before ho died. His eyes, also, were bound round with a band of leather,as though , to hide something from their gaze, one foot was gone, dne huitg over the edge of the niche towards the floor, and beneath it, on (lie floor, lay the blade of a brokon spear. 'Now, come hither,Umslopogaas,place your hand upon the wall of the cave, just here • it is smooth, is ib not 1—smooth as the stones' on which women grind their corn. ' What made it so smooth Y you aak. I will toll you. ' When I peerod through the door of the cave I saw this : on the floor of the cavo lay a she-wolf pauting,ns though she had galloped many a inilo ; she was very great and fierce. Near to her was another wolf—he was a dog —old and black, biggor than any I have seen, a very father of wolves, and all his head and flanks wcro streaked with grey. But this wolf was on liis foot. Aa I watched he drew back near to tho mouth of the cave, then of a sudden he rah forward and bounded high into the air towards the withered foot of that which hung from the clefto? tho rock. His pads struck upon tho rock hero whore it is smooth, and thore for a second he seemed o cling, while his great jaws closed .with a i ;hish but a spear's breadth beneath the dead i nan's foot. Then he fell back with a howl of i rage, and drew slowly down the cave. Again lie ran and leaped, again the great jaws i ;losed, again ho fell down howling. Then the jhc-'.volf arose, and they sprang together, 1 striving to pull him dowii who sat above. But it was all in tain j tlioy eolild lluver come nearer than within a spear's breadth of the. dead man's foot. And now, Umslopogias, you know why the rock is smooth and shines. From mouth to mouth and year to year the wolves had ravened there, seeking to devour the bones of him who sat above. Night upon night tlioy had leaped thus against the wall of the cai'o, bltt liever might their clashing j.iws close upon his foot. One idot t!ie£ had, •jidooi?, but thp utlior they 'might not come by. ' Now, as I watched, filled with fear and wonder, the she-wolf, her fc ingue lolling from her jaws, made so mighty a bound that she almost reached the hanging foot, and yet not quite! She fell back, and then I saw that the leap Wan her last for that time, for she. had oversprUng herself', and lay there howl ing, the bladk blood Cowing from her inoU'h Tliu iveK Sa,f also; JiS; diw near, sniffed at her, then, knowing t!i:lfc Mle iViss liiirtj seized, her by the throat and worried her. Now all the place Was filled vith groans and choking, howls, as the wolves rolled over and over beneath him who sat ab ,vo, and in thoblucd red light of the dying sun the sight and sounds wore do horrid UiaL I trembled like a Child. The she- wolf grew faint, for the white faligs of her mate were bulled ill her throat. Tiloa 1 sntf that huh- ltas the time to smite him, lest when lie li'td killtid iior ho shoald kill me also. So I lifted the Wateilef Itnd sprang into the cave, having it in my mind to shiy the wolf before lie lifted his head. But he heard my iooc3tej>s,b*' perhaos ipy shadow fell upon him. Loosing his grip, lie locked | up, this father of wolves ; then, making no j sound, he sprang straight at my throat. I saw him, and whirling the Watcher aloft, 1 smote with all my strength. Tho blow met him iu mid-air j it fell full on his chest and struck him baokwarda to tho earth. But tlwle be would, not stay, for, rising Ifcfofti t etfvild smite again, once m ne ho spraug at me. .This tinie ;I leaped aside and smote downiva'cds, and tho blow fell upou his right leg and broke it, so that he could spring no more. Yet he ran at me oil three feet, and, though the club fell on his sido he seized me with his teeth, biting through that leather bag. which was wound about my middle, into the flesh behind. Then I yelled .with pain and rage, and lifting the Watcher endways, drove it down with both hands, as a man drives a stake into the earth).alid that with so great a stroke that this slitlil of tlie \Volf tfas Blattered like a pot, and he fell dead, dragging me down with him. Presently I sat up on the ground, and, forcing the handle of the Watcher between his jaws, levered them open, freeing my Uesli fromtho grip of his teeth. Thon 1 looked afcniy wounds ; they were not deep, for the loathor bag had saved me, yet I feel the'rr; to this hour, for there is poison in tho mouth of a wolf. Presently I glanced up, and saw that the she-wolf had found her feet again, nnd Rt-nnrl as tlionnrh unhurt: for this is the Hittiire of tlie-So rWrj t?nwloi»ogans. that, though they fight , continually, • they cannot destroy ouch other. They may be killed by man alone, ;iuo that hardly. There sho stood, find yet sho. did not look at me or on her dead mate, but at -him only" who s.it above.,: I saw, and crept softly'behind her, {heri; lifting the Winclier, I dashed him. : down with ill my strength. The blow fell 011 her neck and broke it, so that she rolled ; over and at once was dead. 'Now I rusted awhile, then went-to the ; mouth of the cave and looked out. Tho sun whs sinking; all ihe depth of forest was black ' butrfcho light still shone }>n:thc . face .of the; I tfdiie'wpirifin who sita for ever on the moun- ( ham. Here, then. Iniiist. bide this nu?ht, ! I for though the moon bhoiie white and full iin 'the sky, I dared not wend, towards the !plains alone with the wolves and the ghosts, i A lid if I dared not go alone, .how, much less 'should ! dare to go,bearing with me lum who , 'sat In tho cleft of the ruck !. >ay, Jiere i 'iiillst biilej 00 I wont put. of the cave to the 'sprint; which flows from the rock ( on the -riiilib of the dive and washed my wounds and jdnsiik. Then I /6Attb.lr.o!; «»d 111 ^lia .moufch of the cave, and wutehed the lt^htdlc away from the face of the world. While it was dying there was silence^ but when it was .dead tho forest awoke. A wind sprang up j and tossed it till the green of its boughs :(vavcd liked troubled water oh which the moon shines faintly, ifrotu tho heart or it., too, emtio howlitiRs of ghoslB and wolves, lliht \tot;e utisweffed by limvls fvom tho rocks itboVe— iiliarkonv tjmstoboua:is>. sUclj ho\vl iiiflS (is Wi> ii'iar fn-nf It wis awful here in the mouth. of the cave, for i hlul tiiit J'et learned the secret of the stone, and if I had learned ■ it, should I havo dared to close it, loaving myself alone with the dead wolves and him whom tho wolves had struggled to tear down 1 I walked out yonder oil to the platform <"\nd looked up. The moon shone full uiioh-ttt» f;k!e .tjf tho r-tono Witch wi n sils aloft for ever. Sue sSl'ii'ic-tl fct) gi'in at tne and, oh ! I grew afriid, for now' I knew that this r as a place of dead men, a place whero spirits perch like vultures in^a tiee, as they sweep round and round the world. I went back to the cave,, and feeling that ) must do something lost. I should go mad, 1 drew to ms the cnrcilse of the great dog-wolf which I liad killed) and, taking hiy knife of i'Voii, I Benin to skill, it by th« light of the moon. 1'or an hour or inol'e I skinned, singing to myself as I worked, and striving to forget liim who sat in the cleft above and the bowlings which ran about the mountains. But ever the moonlight shone more clearly intw the cave; now by it I could see his shape of bone and skin, ay, and even tho bandage about his eyes. Why had he tied it there ? 1 wondered—perhaps to hide tho faces of the fierce wolves as they sprang upwards to grip him. And always tile bowlings drew nearer; iiow. t could see grcy,fqriliS tU-etibing to and fro in the shadows of the rocky place before mo. Ah 1 there before me glared two red eyes; a harp snout sniffed at the carcase which I skinned. With a yell, I lifted the Watcher and smote, There came a scream of pain, and something galloped away into the shadows. * Now tho skin was oil". I cast it behind me, and seizing the carcase dragged it to tho edge of the rock and lo.tt it. Presently tho bowlings drew near again; again I Haw tho grey shapes croep up one by one. How they gathered round the carcase, iiow they fell upoil it and rent it, fighting horribly till all wds finished. Then licking their red chops, they siuiilc back to the forest. ■ 1 Did I sleep or did T wake ? ]Nay, I do not know. But 1 know this, that of a sudden I seemed to look up and seo. I saw a light.— p.btclmnce, Umslopogaas, it was the light of the itiobrt shining lipon him that sat,, aloft at the end of tho cave. It whs a i'ed light, and I ho glowed in it as glows a thing that is rotten. I looked orseemed to look,and then I thought that tho hanging jaw moved, and from it camo a voice that was harsh and hollow as of one who 3peaks from an empty belly, through a withered throat. ' Hail, 'Gala/.i. ohilrl «f s;s..ja..a! said the voice. Ualnzi tha wolf! Say, what dost thou here in the Ghost Mountain, where the stone Witch sits for ever, waiting for the world to die V 'Then, Umslopogaas, I answered, • or seumed to answer, And ray voice, too, sounded i •strance and hollow— • Hail, Dead One, who sittest like a vulture on n rock. 1 do this on the Ghost Mount ain. I come to seek thy bones and bear them to thy mother for burial. ' Many and many a year hare I sat aloft, Galazi,' answered the voice, 1 watching the ghost-ivolves leap and leap to drag mo down, till the rock grew smoothe beneath the rear ing of their feet. Sol sat seven days and nights, being yet alive, the hungry wolves below, and hunger gnawin'j at my heart So j I havo sat many and many a j year, being dead in the heart of , the old stone Witch, watching the moon and the sun and the stars, heiirkoiiing to the | howls of the ghost-wolvc3 as they ravened beneath me, and learning of the wisdom of the old witch who sits above in everlasting stono. Yet my mother was young' and fair when I trod the haunted forest and climbed the knees of stono. How seems she now, Galazi r ' She is whito and wrinkled and very aged,' I answered. ' They call her mad, yet at her bidding I caino to seek thee, Dead One, bear ing the Watcher that was thy father's and shall be mine.' ' ' It shall be thine. Galazi," said the voice, ' for thou alone hast dural the ghosts to give me sleep and burial. Hearken, thino also shall bo the wisdom of the old witch who sits aloft for over, frozen into everlasting stone—thino and one other's. These are not wolves that thou linst seen, that is no wolf vphicli thou hast slain ; nay, they are ghosts —evil ghosts of men who lived in ages gone, ind who must now live tiM thoy bo «i<*in of nan. And knoweat thou how. tlioy lived, jalazi, and what wan tho food tlioy ato ( TVhnn tho light comes again, Galazi, oliml) to ; :ho breasts of tlio stono Witch, mid look in tho cleft, which is between licr hivnaln. i Thoro shalt thou see how theso moti lived, And now this doom is on them ; thuy iiillnl. wander giiinc and hunyty in thu shape of wolves haunting that Ghost Mountain wltoro once they fed, till thp^r ilro led forth to dlont tho hands of men. liecaiiSO of thoir devour ing hunger have they leaped from yiur to year, striving to reach my bones ; and he whom thou ha.st slain was tho king of thoml, and she at his side Wft3 tho ([Uecn. Now, Galazi the Wolf, this is tho wisdom that, - giro thee i thuil ahnlt bo king of tho ghost, wolrcn, thoti itftd another, whom a lion shall bring tlieo. Gird t'l'j 'ilfh): nkin upon thy shoulders, and tho wolvos follow thee : all tho three hundred and sixty and thrdn of them that aro left, and lob him who shall l>c brought to theo gird on the skin of grey. Where ye twain lead them, there shall they i raven, bringing you victory till all ure Blain.: But, know this, that there only may they; faven where in life they ravelled, seeking for their food. Yet, that was an ill gift thou ty.oke-t from my. iilotbet —r the, gift, pf ,tho, Wiiiuh'er; lor though ' without the Watcher: thou hadst never sliiifi th.tj.feing of the ghost wolvcs, yet', bearing the Wafb'iifc'r, tflott shalt thyself be slain. Now, on tho morroiv o'fit'fy me back to my mother, so that I may sleep whore the ghost-wolves leap no more. I have spoken, Galazi.' , ' Now, the Dead One's voice seemed to grow over fainter- and moro hollow as ho spoke, till at last I could scarcely hoar his Wordsi yet I answered him, asking thia of him— ' Who is it, then, that tho lion shall bring to me to rulo with me over tho ghost-wdlVesj and how is ho named V ' TlitJii the Dead Ono spoke once more very faintly, yof 111 the silence of tho place I heard his words— 11 He is named UmslopogrtriS }ifC Slaugh terer, son of Chaka, Lion of tho Zulu.'' Now, when Umslopogaas heard these words he started up from his place by sho tiro.. 'lam named (Jmslopogaas,' he said, 'but th'e Slaughterer I tin not named, and l am tho son of Mopo find riot tlio son of Chaka, Lion of the Zulu ; you liaVS df-eamer1 rt dream, Galazi, or, if it was no dreaiii, thctl the Dead Ono lied to you.' ' Perchance this was so, Umslopogaas,' answered Galazi tho Wolf. 'Perhaps I; dreamed, or perhaps tho Dead One lied; nevertheless, if he lied in this matter, in other matters he did not lie, as you shall hoar, , ' After I had heard these words, or had dreamed tliat I liertrd }hem, I slept indeed, and when I woke the forest beitetith 'ftas like the clouds for mist, bur. the grey light gliiltbd upon the face of her who sits in stone above. ' Now, I remember the dreain that I halt dreamed, and that I would see if it was all a dream. Sol rose, and, leaving the cave, > found a place where I might, climb up to tho breasts and head of the stone Witch. I climbefl, and as I climbed the rnys of the 1 mm lit nnon fact?, and T reioiced to see • Vhcin. But, when I drew near, the likeness ' to tho fites of a woman faded away, and I i saw nothing before tile but rugged heaps of . pilcd-up rock. For this, tjnis'opogn.is. is ' the way of witches, bo they of stone or flesh |—when you dniw near to them they change ! their ahapo. Now I was on the breast of ; tho mountain, ar.d wandered to and fro : awhile between great heaps of stone. - At length 1 iolitidf as it wero, a crtick. in, the i stone thrice' as wide as a . man may jump, iand inJqpnth: the half a spear's throw, and ■near this crack stood great stones blackened ! by fire,, and beneath them broken pots and a Iknife of flint. I looked down' int"> the crack I —it was very deap, ard. green with moss,and jtall ferns ''grew' 'about in it: for (ho damp gathefed hero. There was nothing else. I ■had dreamed a lying dream. I turned to go, • then found another mind, and clitabed down ;inco the cleft, pushing aside the ferns. Be • neath the ferns was moss; I scraped it away with the''. Watcher. Presently tho iron of the club struck ori-something that was yellow and round, like a stone, arid from tho yellow Itliihg Ciiitie a hollow sound. I liftod it, Uni 'slopogaa": it was the skiill of a ohild. i ' Jt. dug deeper and scraped awaV more 'moss; presently J saw. Beneath the moss Was liothivK but: the boj»G.?,of men—old bones that.Jiad lain there many yOftVn; the l.ttle ones had rottod, the largo ones re mained—some were yellow, somo black, and otllots yet white. They were not broken, as are those that hyenas and wolves have worried, yet on some of them I could see the marks of tooth. Then, Umslopogaas, I went back, to tho ettVej tiever looking behnid me. ' Kair, wheii I Was eoirlfe ,to the cava I dill this ; I skinned the sile«tt:olf also; Wl\cn I had done the sun was up, and I know Ch;u it was time ti> go. But I must not go alone— he who sat aloft in the cleft of the cavo must go with DIG. X feared jiroiitly to touch him —this Dead One, who had spo1:pii tn me i'ia dream ; yet I must do it. So I brought stones and piled them up till I could reach him,;' theti 1 lifted him down, for he was very light, being hutsklfi rfild boliefl. When he was down I bound tho hides of {Fieft\rflves about me then leaving tho leather bag, into which ho could not enter, I took the Dead One and placed him 011 my shoulders as a man might carry a child, for his legs wore fixed somewhat apart, and holding him by that foot wiiiiih was left 011 hltii, I sot out for tlie itntai. .D'Jwn tjio Slope. I went as swiftly as I could, for noMr J. linbi? tbB wiiyi seeing and hearing nothing, except olicii; ivhfcn there came a rush of wings, and a great eagle swept down at that which sat upon my shoulders. I shouted,and the eagle flew away, then I entered the dark of the forest. Here I mustwalk softly, lest tho head of him I carried should strike against tho boughs and bo sinitteh from him. For a itllile 1 i¥t!nb oil tho9, till I drew pear to the heart of the fore.'iu Then I lt&iril; a wo'if hofri Oil niy. right; aftd frorrt tho loft came answering liotf'Is; and, theSe again were answered by others in fi'iiht tit and behind me. I walked on boldly, for T dared not stay, guiding myself by the sun, which from timo to timo shone down on mo redly through the boughs of tho groat trees. Now 1 couid see forms of grey and black slinking near my p ith, sniffing at (hn air as they went, and now I camo to a little open place, 'Uiil, behold ! all tho wolves in tho world were gathered together there. My heart melted, my legs trembled beneath 1110. On every sido wel'e the brutes,- great and hungry. I stood stillj with club aloft, and slowly they crept up .muttering, .'ind gtowlltig they tiamo, till fchoy formed a deep circle round me; Yet they did not spring On . me; only dreiv nearer and ever nearer. Presently 6'tio sprang, indied, but not at 1110 ; ho sprang at that which sat upon my shoulders, I moved aside, and he missed his Mm, and, coming to the ground again, stood there growling and whining like a beast afraid. Then I remem bered tho words of my dream, if drc.ita it were, how that the Dead One had given me wisdom that I should be kins of the ghost w.ilvan I und mx.tlier whom the lion should bear tome. Was it not so? If it was hot so,' how came it that the wolves did not devour me 1 For a moment I stood thinking, then T lifted up my voice and howlod liko a wolf, and lo'! ;Umslopogaas, all the wohos howled in answer with a mighty howling. I stretched ! out my hand and called to them. They ran to me, gathering round me as though to devour But they did not devour me; thej' licked my legs with their red tongue,and fighting tocomo near 1110, pressed themselves against me as dues a cat. One, indeed, snatched at him who sal on my shoulder, but I'struck him with tho Watcher mid Ho diu-.k buck like a whipped hound ; moreover, the others bit him ko that ho yelled. Now, T knew that I had no move to fear, for I was kina of the ghost-wolves, so I walked on, and with 111c qame all the great pack of them. 1 walked on and on,and they trotted beside me silently, and the fallen leaves crackled beneath their feet, and tho dnst rose up about them, till at length"I came to tho edge of the forest. ' iTo'v, I rcmen.bjred that I must not bs scon thus of men, lest thoy think me n wizard and kill me. Therefore, at tho edgo of tho forest I halted and made Rigns to the wolves to go back. At this they howled ..piteously, as though in grief, but £ callcd to tbat I would coriio again and ho their king, and it seemed as though their bruto hearts understood my words. Then they all wont, still howling, till presently I was alono. And now, Umslopogaas, it is'tinio to sleep ; to-morrow night I will end my talo.' (TobcConthutvl.) 