REAL GHOST STORIES. (from the review of reviews.) Ghosts ia* Cocpi.es. Out-of-hook ghosts are frequently to be found in couples or even in great numbers. Here is a story from Mr. Kendall's diary, in which two apparitions were seen at the same time:— Mr. S. related a strange case in the ex perience of a New Connexion minister, particulars of which he was sure he could obtain in Writing from the percipient. The Rev. Sir. O., well known to him, now travelling at B., was formerly sta tioned at Ripon. There was a chapel be longing to the Connexion at Kirby Mal zerd. Mr. O. had to preach there one evening and stay at a house outside the village, the way to which was through several fields. A widow and her daughter lived at the house ; they were at the meet ing, and he walked home with them. They informed him that in a field which they had to cross the apparitions of two g^osRy'distutbahces at the house. As they were going across the field there were the two men. They went before them ; there was something about them different from any ordinary men. They preceded them up to the house, and then vanished. There was a story tpld of two men haviug been killed to account for the apparition. Mr. and Mrs. Tenison, living at 215, Uxbridge Road, London, also saw an ap parition of two. They write :— During the summer of 1885 I and my family were stopping at Mrs. Jones' boarding-house, Friog, near Barmouth. On August 18 we (that is I, my wife, son, daughter, and a Miss Green) ascended to the top of Cader Idris. When returning to Friog we lost our way, and it was some time before we got ou the right road along the side of the mountain. As we plodded along the sun set, and the moon rose after a time, but was hidden by the hills on our left. The evening was calm and clear, so that all the surrounding objects could be plainly seen. We were walking in two parties, my son, daughter, and Miss Green being of the first, my wife and I of the second, and 50 yards astern. At a short turn of the road we lost sight of them for about a minute. When they come into sight again they were accom panied by two male figures having the ap pearance of shepherds or peasants. I felt glad that we had fallen in with somebody who might be able to tell us of a short cut to Friog, especially as we had been walking several miles without meeting a living soul. As we knew we should have to turn off from the main road a little further on, we did not attempt to join the advanced party, feeling sure they would wait for us at the bye-road. For more than half an hour my son, daughter, and, Miss Green, accompanied by the peasant figures, walked on ahead of us, when they became lost to our sight by a-curve in the road. When they again became visible, tbe two peasant figures were gone. We then pushed on and joiued them, and asked who their companions had been and what directions they had given. Our questions caused them mnch surprise, as as they were quite unconscious of having had any companions ; neither had they seen or heard anything to divert their at tention to surrounding objects. After a walk of about four miles from the bye road we got safely back to Friog a little past 10 p.m., nothing having occurred to alarm or disturb us. At Friog we were told such forms or figures were often seen, and that no one could account for them, unless they were the ghosts of people killed in the old time. The curious thing about these figures is that they were seen by two people at the same time. A ghost that wished to pay its debts.— There is an old story told by a Catholic priest in the " Proceedings of the Psy chical Society," which shows that con siderations of £ s. d. are not altogether forgotten on the other side of the grave. It is as follows : In Julyj 1838,1 left Edinburgh to take charge of the Perthshire missions. On iny arrival in Perth I was called upon by a Presbyterian woman, Annie Simpeon, who for more than a week had been in the utmost anxiety to see a priest. This wo man slated that a woman lately dead (date not given) named Moloy, slightly known to Annie Simpson, had appeared to her during the night for several nights, urging her to go to a priest, who would pay a sum of money, 3s. 10d., which the deceased owed to a person not specified. I made enquiries, and found that a wo man of the name had died, who had acted as a washerwoman and followed the regi ment. Following up the enquiry, I found a grocer with whom she had dealt, and on askiog him if a female named Moloy owed him anything, he turned up his books and told me that she did owe him 3s. 10d. I paid the sum. Subsequently the Presby terian woman came to me, saying that she waB no more troubled. "Take care of mother."—Here is ghost that was impelled by love of a wife to remind a daughter to do her duty ;— About two months before the death of my dear father, which occurred on De cember 10, 1S87, one night, about 12 or 1 a.m., when I was in bed in a perfectly wakiiig condition, he came to my bedside and led me right through the cemetery at Kensal Green, stopping at the spot where his grave was afterwards made. Again, a day or two before his death, somewhere between December 4th and 10th (the day of his decease), when he waB lying in an unconscious state in the room on the ground floor, and 1 was sleeping on by seeing a bright light in my bedroom— the whole room was flooded with a ra diance quite indescribable—and my father was standing by my bedside, an ether ealised, semi-transparent figure, bat yet his voice and his aspect were normal. His voice seemed a far-off sound, and yet it was his same voice as in life. All he said was, "Take care of mother." He then disappeared, floating in the air, as it were, and the light also vanished. About a week afterwards, that is to say, between the 12tli and 17th of December, the same apparition came to me and re peated the same words. An aunt to whom I related these three experiences ..... 1.3 i. — nnraihilitv that something was troubling his spirit, and then 1 promised her that should my dear father visit me again I should answer him. This occurred a short time after wards. On this, the fourth occasion, he repeated the same words and 1 replied "Yes, father." He then added, "I am in perfect peace." Apparently he was satisfled with this my assurance. Since that time 1 on>" — - - 