THE LATE REV. MR. HARTLEY. PULPIT REFERENCES. In most of the Churches in town reference more or less lengthy was made yesterday to the late Rev. Mr. Hartley. In all the Primi- tive Methodist Churches full memorial ser- vices were held ; and in most the Dead March in Soul was played in the course of the service. Appended are summaries of a number of the sermons : PRIMITIVE METHODIST—FITZROY-STREET. Morning Service. The Rev. J. Williams conducted the morning service in Fitzroy-street Primitive Methodist Church. The congregation more than filled the Church, additional seats having to be brought in to accommodate the wor- shippers. Mr. Williams, preaching from the text "And he died in a good old agc, full of days, riches, and honour (I. Chron. XXIX. chap. 28 ver.), said : The length of a man's life is not to be measured by the years he lives, nor his riches by arithmetical calculations, nor his honours by distinctions of an earthly character. "He liveth long who liveth well, " for in reality days are not reckoned by hours, but by deeds. It is not what a man hath, but what he is and does that makes him rich. He is wealthy who knows God, loves Christ, lives for the good of others, and upon whom rests the blessings of those who are ready to perish. To be the friend of God and the friend of humanity is infinitely higher honour than to be placed in the most exalted positions of earthly distinc- tion. In these grander senses the late Robert Hartley was full of years, and had riches and honour above many. In a literal sense he died an old man, for he had exceeded by several years the allotted time of threescore years and ten, and more than that the whole of that lengthened life had been consecrated to the service of righteousness. When quite a child he became a decided Christian, and found great delight in accompanying his father, who was also a preacher of the Gospel, to his various appointments. When only a lad he began himself to preach, and before he was out of his teens he entered upon the full work of a Primitive Methodist minister, and continued as such for fifty-seven years, within a few weeks. These early religious impressions and decisions, together with his after-life consecra- tion to the Master's service, he attributed to the fact that by his father he was from his very birth given up to the Lord. Particulars regarding the birth, and work, and death of our revered brother have been so fully pub- lished in the press that it is not needful for me to say more on these points. I cannot, however, but add that when we say that Robert Hartley lived over seventy-five years, we only speak part of the truth, for in these years he "un- questionably did double the work of most men. From early morning, through the hours of day, until late at night, and very often up till midnight, he was actively employed in some kind of service. To this hosts of persons can give testimony. He knew nothing of half-time employment or eight hours' work, but his motto was—"At it, and always at it." Hence in the widest acceptation of the term he died "full of days." Not only "full of days," but of "riches." Of course he was not rich in the ordinary sense, for as long as suffering humanity ap- pealed and religious exigencies required assis- tance, he was always ready, according to his means, to render a helping hand, aud when unable to do so himself he would appeal to well-known generous helpers for the needed assistance, and thus others became through him the sharers of the " fatness " promised to the liberal soul. Had he, with his noble qualities, devoted himself to secular life he might have amassed a fortune, but no, his language was, " I have rejoiced in the way of Thy testi- monies as much as in all riches." The remem- brances of his life bring to us with great force the saying of the wise man, " There is that maketh himself rich, yet hath nothing ; there is that maketh himself poor, yet hath great riches." Some live entirely for this life, and while, as far as this world is concerned, pos- sessing all things, yet they have nothing, but Robert Hartley deprived himself and denied himself for others. " Yet he hath great riches," for " a little that a righteous man hath is better than the riches of many wicked. " He was rich in faith—faith in God, and faith in humanity. Amid all the unbelief, the speculations, and the doubts that prevailed he retained unwaveringly his confidence in God as the Father of all, in Jesus Christ as the Saviour of all, in the Holy Ghost as the Comforter and Sanctifier of all, and in the Bible as God's chart and guide for all. These confidences brought to him a richness of comfort and joy, and a full confir- mation of the words, " Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding : for the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than of fine gold. She is more precious than rubies, and all the things thou canst desire are not to be compared unto her. Length of days are in her right hand : and in her left hand riches and honour." He had great faith in man—in all men as forming a universal brotherhood. Whatever their caste or conditions he believed that God loved them, and that it was every good man's duty to help them. His faith received its demonstration in his works. He was rich in love and sympathy. To know Mr. Hartley was to love him, just because his lovable nature compelled you to do so. Wherever there was suffering, if only known to him, he was there at the first oppor- tunity to show his sympathy and to render any help he could ; and this was done to all persons, regardless of colour, creed, or char- acter. He was rich in social feeling and brotherliness. He could not be distant, reserved, or cold. His nature knew no frigidity. There was a frankness, and open soulleduess that made you feel at home with him at once. That geniality of nature and sociability of spirit were specially manifested in his association with the children. He was fond of the children, and the children were fond of him. He was rich in good works. His was an all round Christianity. He not only sang, prayed, and professed, but he worked. With Paul he could say, " Being justified by faith we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ ;" with John, " Beloved let us love one another, for love is of God, and every one that loveth is of God;" and with James, " Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their afflictions, and to keep himself unspotted from thc world." " The diligent hand maketh rich," and his unceasing diligence and devotions to every good word and work has invested his character with the most enriching features. His life was rich in results. He did not " labour in vain, nor spend his strength for naught." The fine results of his life's work cannot be tabulated, eternity alone will reveal them. But we know the Church and the world are the brighter, the purer, and the better for his having lived. Prior to his coming to Rockhampton his ministerial success was great. After coming here his work was of a most difficult character, rendered increas- ingly difficult by heavy Church financial responsibilities. He, however, toiled and struggled on, and stuck to his post, when most men would have given up in despair, with the result that the vessel has got out from among tho rocks and quicksands and now sails in open seas. More than this, thousands of lives have been guided into right channels, and thousands of burdens borne away from heavy hearts by the influences and labours of his life. He died also " full of honour."—It could be said of him as of one of old, " Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honourable man." And of him the Lord has testified, "Since thou wast precious in my sight thou hast been honourable, and I have loved thee ; therefore will I give men for thee and people for thy life. " An acquaintance with the life of such an one as Robert Hartley justifies the in- junction, " Thou shalt rise before the hoary head, and honour the face of the old man, and fear thy God.'' All the honours that the Church had to give were conferred by her upon him, but these are regarded as very small by men of the world. Still, in our estima- tion, no man of the world ever attained to such honour as our departed friend. The favour of God is better than life, for He says, " Riches and honour are with Me ; yea, durable riches and righteousness, My fruit is better than gold, yea, than fine gold ; and My revenue than choice silver. I lead in the way of righteousness, in the midst of the paths of judgment, that I may cause those that love me to inherit substance ; and I will fill their treasures." He was honoured by being per- mitted to realize his oft-repeated wish to preach and work as long as he lived ; for no words were more appropriate to his end than " My body with my charge lay down, And cease at once to work and live." He was honoured with a peaceful death. " Mark the perfect man, and behold the up- right : for the end of that man is peace." Of a truth it could be said of him " How blest the righteous when he dies, When sinks a weary soul to rest ! How mildly beam the closing eyes, How gently heaves the expiring breast ! A holy quiet reigns around— A calm which life nor death destroys ; And nought disturbs that peace profound Which his unfettered soul enjoys." He was honoured in the sorrow of the living. One of old said, "I saw the wicked buried, who had come and gone from the place of the holy, and they were forgotten in the place where they had so done. Not so can it be said of the departed one. The throng that followed his remains and lined the streets watching, the saddened countenances, the scalded cheeks, and the watery eyes of the multitude indicated that he had gained a seat in those hearts from which he will never be removed. He was honoured by God. The Lord is not forgetful of those who love him. The full benedictions of the Divine Master are not bestowed here, but the day of recog- nition and reward is sure to come. We have no doubt but that the brave warrior of many a bloodless conflict has now the crown of glory and the palm of victory. " Born into the world above, They our happy brother greet ; Bear him to the throne of love. Place him at the Saviour's feet. " Jesus smiles and says, ' Well done, Good and faithful servant thou ; Enter, and receive thv crown, Reign with Me triumphant now.' " Angels catch the approving sound, Bow and bless the just award Hail the heir with glory crowned. Now rejoicing with the Lord." Dear friends,—Kindly suffer a word of ex- hortation. Do you esteem the name and work and example of Robert Hartley ? If so, let it receive practical manifestations in your life. You cannot confer greater honour upon, nor show greater regard for him than by en- deavouring to carry out his wishes. I can only now mention three ways in which you may do this. First of all, he was a great lover of the Sanctuary, and the absence of those whom he thought ought to be in their places gave him very great concern. His beloved widow, who, you know, has for many years, through affliction, been prevented from regularly attending on public worship, says that on coming home he would say, "So-and-so and so-and-so were not there to-day." We are sure that the glorified spiritof our brother will be greatly rejoiced if you are diligent and regular in your attendance upon the means of grace. He was also a lover of work, and he could not understand a lazy Christian. You will honour his name and example by giving yourselves with diligence und continuity to some Christian and philanthropic work. He furthermore had, like David, to whom our text originally referred, in his heart to build a house for God and had made ready for it, but like David he was not permitted to see it accomplished. Again and again he expressed his anxiety about the erection of a new church in Archer-street, but the commercial depression has prevented the disposal of our old property, and were it disposed of, to cover our existing liabilities and complete the new house of prayer from £1000 to £1500 would be required. It would be a grand monument of honour to him if those who recognise his worth would subscribe sufficient for this work. With a little of the self-denial that marked his life this can be done. He is gone, and by his life end death he admonishes us, " Whatso- ever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might ; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, whither thou goest." 