THE OLD HOUSE OF DDNTHEIM, A Study in Psychology. BY GORDON STABLES, ED, R.N. CHAPTER I.— Mystery. The mansion house at Duntlioini is a very olcl one, and its position, high up on a bold and wooded cliff by the banks of the Wye, is sinciilarlv romantic and beautiful. The river beneath goes winding in ami out, as if loath to leave so lovely a country ; broaden ing out here, so that its waters scarce cover the boulders and pebbles that form its bed ; narrowing there and swirling, deep and sullen, between black walls of rock, and anon forming clear brown pools beloved of the nujtjcr, and beloved too by lovers whose boat inu&rcsb; in peace under the green anus of 0 vcriianging trees. V erily, a charming stream is the River Wye ! I had at first but seen a photograph of I)un- theim in the portfolio of my friend Jackson, who had lately fallen heir to a few handy thousands. "Oh ! by- the-wav, Gordon," lie said, as he noticed my looks of interest and admiration, "I've taken that old place for the autumn and winter months. Yes, it is a curious craze of mine, but after all these years of struggle ami toil in business, there is nothing 1 do so much desire as a few mouths of per fect rest. Drop down and see me though. I shall be all alone, except for the one or two friends like yourself I shall keep importing. You can have some shooting and fishing always. So promise." I promised. And September saw my friend and X seated by our two selves in the antique, low- ceilingcd diningrooui. .overlooking the green lcn and the wooded banks of the winding Duntheim must have been built in trouble some times, for the lower windows, with the exception of those of the diningroom, which opened French fashion on to a pretty veran dah, were closely barred. Sheer down over a precipice you could look from this verandah to the river's dark surface. Trees even far beneath clinging to the rocks, inauy of them torn and battered with the lightning, and round these 011 this still, delightful evening the rooks kept wheeling and cawing. I don't know whence Jackson imported his bcl'vants, but they were strangely in keeping with the antiquity of the place. A quiet and tidy maid servant waited at table ; but here, too, was an old, old butler so quaintly re spectable in dress and in manners that he seemed to have stepped out of one of the muny large and ancient pictures with which the walls were hung. We had had a good day on the stubble and mudo good bags, and 1, at all events, felt comfortably tired, just in form to enjoy a good dinner, witli a quiet talk and smoke to follow. We sat out on the verandah while the shadows of evening deepened and deepened over the wild landscape, till at last X could see nothing of my friend, save the red tip of his huge cigar. Then, as the night winds began to wail and moan througli the pines below, we retired within to the cosiness of the drawingroom and easy chairs before a fire that looked as cheerful as the face of an old and valued friend. Silently and on tiptoe came the maid at last with the good old-fashioned candle sticks. "I'm putting you in the tower bedroom," said Jackson, laughing; "I know you liko to go aloft, and you will see the sunrise over the Wye Woods. Ii you're awake in time." " I hope," he added, "that you won't sec a ghost." " Psychology," I said, with a smile, " i3 a favorite study of mine, and X really wouldn't mind seeing a ghost." "Well," he replied, "that would be the naked truth at all events." The turret chamber to which my friend conducted me was octagonal in shape, but roomy and capacious, both walls and ceiling were of dark panelled oak, which but for the few ancient pictures that hung here aud there, the cheerful fire and the bed with its snow-white drapery would have lent an air of gloom to my surroundings. The room had evidently been used as a study at one time ; yonder was an oaken bookcase, and near it a table at which someone must have been wout to write in the brave days of old. I sank into the low chair near the fire after Jackson left me, and should soon have fallen asleep had X not roused myself aud proceeded to undress. My last act before retiring was to draw up the blinds of the eastern window, for high over the dreamy woods a big round moon was rising, and 1 wanted its rays to lighten up the room. Not a sound was there to be heard out of doors or in. The most complete silence reigned around this strange old house of Duntheim. I must have fallen into a sleep as sweet and deep as that of childhood the moment my head pressed the pillow. How long I slept I know not, but I awoke quite suddenly. No, not with a start. It wis the stramrest awakening ever I have experienced. 1 seemed' all at once to be restored to complete consciousness and per fect mental activity. The room was quito flooded with moonlight. 1 could scarcely believe it was night and not day. Something caused me to turn iny head and look towards the fireplace. A morsel of coal I think had falleu on the fender. The fire was still burn ing, but was somewhat dull, for on the hearth, and on the small chintz-covered easy chair, the moon's rays fell with unusual brightness. But, mercy on me ! Someone was sitting in that chair ! X don't know that I started, though a man of nervous temperament. I havo never felt fear in times when presence of mind was accessary to safety. Besides, there was nothing startling or terror-strikiDg about the being who sat there. Quito the reverse. A lady, of fragile form, but young aud very, very beautiful. The pensive melancholy in her \ip-turned eyes — nav, it was more, it was grief — actual grief, for tears trembled on her eyelids — added rather than detracted from her singular beauty. Where did she come from? What was she doing there ? Could she bo aware of my presence? Was 1 dreaming ? I must be, 1 thought. I "distinctly remembered, as one does remember things, even in a dream, having bolted my door before retiring. Still, if dream it was, it was a terribly real one, and it had complete possession of me. For the time bciug I was hypnotised, under a jpoll. 1 gazed long and wonderingly at the figure. I almost -feared to move least she should disappear. As I looked she slowly rose and glided or walked towards the oakcu table. At a touch, it seemed, some secret drawer Hew open, and somewhat to my horror now, the lady extracted there from a curious dagger- shaped knife. It fell from her lingers audibly enough next moment, and with a moan that was almost a erv the lady (led towards a door in one of the sides of the chamber which I had not before noticed. There was less light here, but I could distinctly see the door open, the figure cuter and disappear. I sprang out of the bed and quickly lit my candle, x should find a clue to the mystery now, at all events. Hurriedly throwing on a dressing-gown, light in hand, I rushed towards the mysteri ous door. How stiff it was ! It did not appear to have been opened for ages, and when it did at last yield, the hinges cracked and creaked. But on entcriug I found myself not as I had expected in another apartment, but at the foot of a winding iron staircase that led to the roof. Not even a eat could have hidden itself here, so I hastily followed the steps and soon. stood right out oil the turret top and in the moonlight flood; Around the roof was a kind of embattled parapet, but I looked in vain for her I had expected to see. No one was here ; nothing was hero except a half-rotten flagstaff' from which years and years ago a flag may have floated. I walked to the south side of the tower, where, far beneath, the wooded preci pice stretches down, down, down to the dark some river. But surely that was the flutter of a white garment descending over the greenery. Yes, X could not be mistaken; and in a few seconds it reaches tho water and is swallowed up. For tho first time I now experienced a strange but unmistakable sensation ofsuper- Btilious dread. I east one brief glance around mc, then, caudle still in hand, slowly de scended and was glad when 1 once more stood in my own room. X carefully examined the oaken table, but could find no traces of a secret spring or drawer. Getting more and more bewildered and feeling drowsy now, 1 determined to once more neck my couch and try to sleep. 1 would not extinguish the candle, how ever. I had now a childlike dread of being left alone in the darkness, or in the moonlight, which was even worse than darkness. 1 fell asleep at hist. I believe I fell asleep with a half-formed intention of seeking instant audience of my friend Jackson in his own room. I remember thinking of this us soon as I Woke and found it broad daylight. But there stood the candlestick on the table where I left it, the candle burned down to the socket. All thoughts of saying a word to Jackson about my strange experieiu'cs were instautly haniriied when 1 entered the cheur/tilj breakfniilroom, and my eyes rested on my friend's laughing face. Here was a breakfast fit for a prince. How delightfully sweet the now laid ogus and toasted bacon: how brown ami Iragraztl the tea. and the huge plate ot boiled mountain trout. Why, verse alone could depict their .merits ! i'resrnMv (he maid brought in the letter- ba:r. ami nodding apologia ically m me, .lark- Kim commenced to invest ic; e the contents. "Oh," he su id, as his «yi s scanned the pages of a Iwuiiness-looking letter. " (low annoying ! Just as a follow is getting settled. To town I must) hie this very forenoon. You won't mind, will you, old man?" "I'll besorry to loseyou," I ropliod, "oven for a day, but I can shoot, and fish, and read, you know, aud besides " X said no more. X had been thinking of that turret chamber, aud the mysterious tabic, which I determined to examine most thoroughly, even should I havo to knock it to pieces. But I ceased speaking for another reason, for just at that moment an ice-cold wind seemed " to stir inv lmir." I would not have looked behind mo for the world. I caught sight of iny face in the glass, however, and it was strangely jiale and drawn. Jackson's eves were rivettcdou his letters. He saw nothing. I quietly Jit a cigar and strolled out through the French windows that led to a lawn. .A rose lawn, and, late though it was, roses were blooming here now, on this crisp, clear autumn morning. A thrush was making inelody ring from an adjoining thicket. A gardener lad was mowing the grass and singing low to himself as lie moved along at his work. Everything around mc, indeed, seemed to speak of and to breathe of the purely matter-of-fact, the purely physical, as if psychics and mystery were thiugs un known. I felt half ashamed of myself now. and in clined to put everything down to the work ings of a semi-fcvcred brain. Yet do what I might, I could not altogether shake oft from my mind the feeling of the supernatural that had apparently taken possession of it. In eases of this kind one must havo some one or some creature to talk to, should it be but a dog or a eat. But here was the gar dener boy, certainly of somewhat higher mental calibre than any quadruped. I approached, and addressed him between the whiffs of my favorite weed. " Been here long, my lad ?" "Wot, at Duntheim, sir? Ay, that I has. and my father afore me, aud his un, aim his un.' " Any of them alive, lad?" " Any which ?" " Why, the ancient parties you talk of." " Well, sir, father ain't aucieut. Gramlda do be a bit dotty at times, though. Sich a silly old chap, you'd laugh to see him. Ha ! ha 1 ha ! But why, sure s I'm aloivc, that bo he coughing on t'other side o'th' 'edge, 3'onder." I went in the direction indicated and a foot path led me through the shubbcry till I found myself right on the cliff top and face to face with a very tiny mummy of an old man who was resting on a rustic seat. " Good morning, father," I said. He turned his red and bleary eyes towards mc. ".Same to you, sir," he piped, "and many on 'em, stranger though ye be." I placed a handful of cigars in his shiny claw and wc were friends at once. Then I sat down beside bun, and wc got into conversation. I drew him on and on, from the natural to the supernatural, and many a strange story I got out of him about ghost and goblin. He came to the point at last, as 1 knew he would. Ho stretched lus parchment fingers towards the turret chamber of Duntheim. " See the tower yonder ?" he croaked. " See it, sir, high and grey ? 'Tweren't in my time, so I says nothing for certain. 0, I wouldn't lie to you on the brink o' the grave. But father said, sir, there were a murder done up yonder — an ugly murder. She was beautiful and lie was jealous. Oh, it were an awfu' deed. But tell me, sir, for iny eyes aro dim and misty, d'ye see a red scattered mark all along from the tower to the ground ?" " I sec some lichen growing there," I answered, evasively. " It's blood, sir, it's blood, and all the storms that ever raged around the old tower never could wash it out cither. It's her blood ; it's the bonnio lady's blood ; and " " Hullo, old man ! wherever have you got to It was Jackson's voice, and next moment lie was with us. " 1'ib off, lad. Come and see the last of mc, ami I'll promise not to stay long away." There was a heartiness about Jackson's every mood and movement that never failed to banish melancholy, and as I hurried away Willi him towards the station I was soon laughing as loud as he was. For the time being ghosts, mystery and murder were all forgotten. Only for a time, however. CHATTER II. — Madness. About two hours after my friend left I stole upstairs to my turret room on tip-toe. I felt as midnight thieves must feci, and yet I was only going to investigate a mystery, or i room was arranged. For that I was thankful, and once more 1 bolted the door. My privacy must be most perfect. I betook myself first to the turret roof. I remembered the decayed old flagstaff; it was there just as I had seen it in the moon light. And here were tho imprints of naked feet in the dust of this upper deck. They were my own, but there were no other. I once more gazed fearfully over the para pet, down, down, to the brown river far be neath. Again that strange, ice-cold wiud stirred my hair, and I drew back with a shudder as a feeling — not uncommon under such circumstances — that I might possibly he led to leap over took possession of me. Descending once more the spiral staircase, I proceeded most carefully to examine the oaken table. To all outward appearance it contained no secret drawer, and alter search ing in vain for a spring, I was about to give up in despair. J struck my hand on the table by way of expressing my vexation, when, lo ! at once from the side there opened a long, shallow drawer. A long, dagger-like knife and a small nilc of half-iadcd manuscript. I brushed the dust from both and laid thein on the table. Where, I could not help wondering, docs dust come from in a case lilce this ? Once more making sure the door was bolted, I seated myself at the table and prepared to read. But first 1 must examine tho blade of tliat knife. Those dark, rusty stains, what could they be but blood ! The manuscript was in the form of a talc or story. It was simply headed — "ALONE." "Alone! Yes, alone now. Alone, as I have almost always been. Alone, as I ought to have been contented ever to remain. What am I about to write? Why should I write anyth big? Something seems to impel me. And yet no eye save mine must ever see these lines. To have it otherwise would be to drag the dead from the grave. A sin has been committed. Nay, but sins, arid amply inethinkr. have they been atoned for. "But these lines in after years may help to : bring back the past to my mind, when age has rendered my memory less green than it now is. I might wrong her else. Wrong her, who for a time at least— an all too brier time — was to me the only joy and brightness my life over contained. " My very earliest recollections arc those of being alone. I scarce can remember my parents, or if I do, it is but as a dream. That was my mother, though, was it not, at whoso knees I used to pray, having all the while some faint notion that she herself and none other was the Sancla Maria and Mater I)cit that none else could be more pure and lovely. That was my mother, who used to sit by my couch of a summer evening, crooning songs to mo low and sweet till sleep sealed my eye lids. And that must havo been my father — that tall and handsome man who carried guns aud fishing-rods, and whose partings with mother used to be ever so tender. Ah ! that was he too, that blood-dripping burden men bore homo one day and laid in tho library. The face wits covered, but I think even now I can hear my mother's shrieks. Then things happened I could not under stand. There was a dark carriage at the hall door, I know. There were many men in black, there was much weeping, much grief, then all was still in tho house, and servants glided about like ghosts; cowed, frightened, silent. " But where was mother? Why did she leave mc alone? For days, for weeks I often used to hear — coming from a certain room that my nurse would hurry me past as I was inarched to my room — a voice strangely like, yet as strangelyjunlike, iny mother's. Strange talking, strange wild laughing, utraugo snatches of old-world lilts and songs. "All! me, I know it now, mother was mad ! Then I was taken on a journey, ac companied by Nancy Blaine, my wlute- haired nurse. She was very kind to me. I wondered even then what such extra kind ness and pitying affection meant. "We returned in a week. Then I was no longer hurried past that door, and there was no more sad, wild lilts and strange sounds issuing therefrom. One day the door was ajar. I peeped in ; I entered. There was the silence of the very grave in that room. 1 was aloue, oh, so much alone. A cold hand seemed to clutch my heart. 1 threw myself on the floor and wept. Would I could weep now as 1 wept then. "And I never saw mother again. ' I was un orphan and alone. I was rich, they told me. I was rich or would one day lie. But. what oared I for riches, alone in this great house. 1 would have bartered all awav for the loving companionship of one of my own nge. "But Ibis was not to be. 1 was to have no childhood, so it seemed to me. There first came to Dunt.heim a governess and her maid. Yes, the governess had a inn id. Sliu was old ami severe, and I hated her and her maid, too. from the first. "But she taught me, or pretended to, and for tliat I soon had reason to he thankful. | I greedily learned to read, and having : learned I felt somewhat loss alone m the library, where, in some windowed recess, I used to sit for long hours at a time devour- i j liivthe contenls ol old-lnshioncd novels. i I " I hat hbrarv was io me a little world all I in itself, peopled too with beings of another age. I used to wish, however, that the ear- pet had, not. been so thick and soft. Tho ! silence of the old house was saddening, and I I longed at times to hear even the sound of t my own footfall. But no voice or sound was ever heard in that room, save the cawing of -the looks on tho trec-clnd rocks l>cncath. No wonder I acquired the habit of talking aloud to myself, aud even addressing myself in tho second person. " I had one other little world to live in besides tho library, but this was out of doors, my garden "world. The gardens around Dun theim arc wide and wild. There was, too, a seeming wilfulness about every bush and tree that was quite in keeping with iny thoughts. Those bushes and trees cared nothing for tho feeble old gardener and the lad who assisted him. They were rebels and had long since thrown oil the yoke of allegiance. "But they were inhabited. Oh, the chorus ol wild-bird music that used to issue from the foliage mid' branches on a May morning. And I do think, oven now, that every bird knew me. Ay, and every old-fashioned flower as well. X used to tell tho flowers about all my loncsomencss and my weariness, and they seemed to listen and nod to mc in silent sympathy.' "I was growing up a tali, shy, and — yes, it may as well be said, an ungainly boy. I heard the servants sometimes say I was ugly. I look into the glass now as I write, nay, I am not ugly, but plain, yet mcthinks that plainness is redeemed by the good-nature and trustfulness that dwell in my eyes. " Once a year, not oftener, 1 was taken up to town, and inuch I marvelled at all I saw or heard. Though the Life I saw around mc was not my life, nor were the people I mingled with a whit like the heroes that dwelt in the quiet, old library. I hated these people, and longed to bo back at Duntheim. And I hated the red-faced, white-haired baboon — they said he was my guardian — who used to seat mc on a high office stool and glare at nic through his gold- rimmed glasses. "He had an idiotic way of repeating his words and sentences as if lie were trying to learn them by heart. He expected no answer from me, perched on that nigh, hard stool, and lie got none, only his scrutiny made me hot and uncomfortable, and I never know what to do with iny legs and hands. " A tall boy,' he would say, 1 yes, indeed, a very tall boy ! And growing every day, too; growing every day of his life, I warrant you. Gawky and awkward too ; wants polish. Plain, too, decidly plain. Take lnni away, Miss Roberts, take him away.' " And I was taken away, and led to the railway station, and my spirits roso as I nearcd home, and my garden oaitl library. "So my childhood passed alone. "Then a tutor arrived, and Miss Roberts — smelling of lavender — kissed me starckily and went away. " My tutor was no companion. Ho spent most of his time on the river, aud I was glad to be left alone. "The companionship of my books, my birds and my garden beetles was never more welcome to me than just after a visit to town and an interview with the baboon. "But woe is me; my pleasant, though lonely, life was doomed soon to be broken up. I was 4 gawky and awkward,' and my guardian thought It his duty to send me to school. " It was a heavily respectable one, though the pupils wore few. Situated somewhere in the outskirts of London it was, though near to a densely populated neighborhood. This choice seminary was walled in, and its grounds were quite secluded. Wc seldom went out beyond the boundaries, except for the stiff ami conventional daily walk, but played cricket and other games in the grounds. "1 refused to join, and the boys jeered at mo. Perhaps they hated mc for my plain and awkward looks, and for what they were pleased to cull my Htuck-up-ishness. But I was not proud. I had a warm, loving heart in my bosotn, and to more than one of these lads my affections would have gone forth like the tendrils of a vine; iny innate shyness forbade, however. So I kept aloof and alone. " Tliey jeered mo also because of my habit of talking to myself. "I must have been fully 17 years of age now, though there were boys there still older. One of these, for no reason known to mc, constituted himself my eneinv from the very first. Strong though I Was, he was my master, and bullied me on every available occasion. " I bore it all as patiently as I could ; I even brought bin things for him in the dor mitory and went messages to please him. "But matters came to a terrible crisis at last. 44 It was one day when wc were left to our selves in the schoolroom that Harrison shouted : 44 4 Here, lout, drag off this boot of mine, there is a pebble hurting my foot.' 14 1 felt my blood beginning to boil. 44 4 1 refuse,' I cried. 11 4 Refuse!' lie hissed, walking towards me. 4 Refuse, you fool ? But you can't be a fool ; your mother died mad.' 44 They say that people who slay sec red ; but a mist was before my eyes ; I felt some thing in my hand— it was a large stone ink- bottle. 44 Next moment there was a heavy fall and a moan, aud blood was all about. 44 1 fled. I was captured and brought back before many hours. " 4 Yes,' I confessed, 4 1 struck Harrison, and I hope I have killed Jiim.' 44 Harrison did not die. I am glad now I was not guilty of his death. 44 But all that passed for the next three weeks was to me like a pained and nicking dream. 44 There was a scene in a court I know. I know also that my guardian, the baboon, was my defender, and more than once 1 heard the words 4 inherited insanity.' 44 Two days afterwards I found myself within tho walls of a strange and silent hospital. "Silent, but not always silent, for even at midnight the stillness used to be broken by eldritch howls aud screams that made my blood run cold. Aud oftentimes, oven by day, I could hear yells — yells of juiin, accompanied by tho horrid sound of the lash and gruff and brutal swearing. 44 Alone now, surely. 44 Alone for three long years. 44 Then came a kindly-faced old doctor. I had never seen him before, but my heart went out to him at once, and one day, while seated together on a wooden bench near the high brick garden wall, 1 told liini all my sad story. 44 4Awful ! shameful !' he exclaimed. 4 Why, dear lad, you are as sane as I am myself.' 44 In a month's time strange things had taken place, thanks to that kind old doctor. 44 1 was free, and back in Duntheim, in which place my guardian, the baboon, had been living in clover at iny expense. He had been collecting my rents and spending the money freely, not only on himself, but his neighbors, for his was a free house to friends from all quarters, and the stud of horses he kept up was as good as any in the country. " This guardian of mine had really drooped into a fine thing. All his life he had uccu toiling and moiling in a dusty oflico in the dinaome city. Ho had not known there was any such tiling as really rural pleasure till he took up his abode at Duntheim. He had now ceased to practice as a solicitor too, and it was well known that he soon intended to lead to the altar a beautiful young wife. 44 1 What could ever move him ?' lie thought. 4 Was I not secure in a madhouse? Mad I may not have been when first incarcerated, but who could live even a year in bedlam without becoming insane ?' 44 Oh, the madhouses arc fearful places, fearful, fearful ! 44 Just one little plot I hatched, or rather it was hatched betwixt the good doctor and mc. But I carried it out. My guardian then knew nothing of my having recovered my freedom until I myself brought him, tho news. That was my revenge. 44 A great dinner was to take place at Dun theim, the honored guest of the evening would be tho lady my guardian iutcndeu soon to wc.d. 44 But a guest arrived that my guardian little expected. 44 It wanted but a quarter of an hour to tho last dinner bell ; all were laughing and chatting gaily in tho diningroom, when my name was announced and I entered in full evening costume, calm and, 1 believe, dignified looking. " 4 Surely,' I thought, 4 my guardian's eyes woubl start from their sockets,' as 1 quietly advanced towards hiiu with outstretched hands. 44 He grew red, purple almost; foam ap peared on his lips as he shouted at me. 4 4 4 'Tis false ! 'Tis not ho 1 Ho is inad, take him away ; take him away !' 44 1 stood there smiling, but answered never a word. 44 My triumph was complete. I had succeeded in spoiling at least one good appetite. Then i went away us quietly as I hud come. 44 But my guardian was niado to disburse the rents ho had collected during my cruel incarceration. Being unable to meet his creditors' claims he was compelled to retire iuto private life — the private life of prison walls. What cared J.? Why should I show mercy to the merciless wretch who had sat down" to eujoy life upon my living corpse. 44 1 never saw the baboon again. 44 And now came the turning point in my strange and lonesome life." (To be continued.) 