' ALL BIGHTS RESERVED. / MAMMON. Br JIBS. ALEXANDER. Author op "The Wooing OY," FA FaLS< Scent," "AIona's Choice," Ac. Chatter XV. (Continued!. While tlio servants waited, Brandon and hia hostess lmd plenty of abstract toplos to tilsouss. Both knew thoir world well, its high lights and its shadows, but when coffeo had been served if Lady Elmslie's pretty little private sitting room, and thoy wero nlonc, alio arranged the oUshionl til her chair more comfortably, and with a sweat laughing glance, said — "Well, Ralph?" "Woll, Lady Elmslie, what is it?" he re turned, smiling. "I want tiio foil, truo and particular account- of old Mr. Traoey's wondorful will. You know I imvc nover lmd a chanco of a quiet talk with you since his death." "No, I think not. Yet I have very llttlo to tell, that you do not already know. Tho old miser loft all his money to mo, with the oxcep-i tion of a beggarly pittance to Ills daughter." "As much as she wanted, I dare say. And wsb this splendid bequest unhampered by any condition ? You arc not conjoined to marry thb disinherited one, oh?" " No. I suppose Air. Tracoy know tho Impos sibility of such a tiling." "Tlion, my dear Ralph, I trust you are not going to commit any outrageous aot of senti mental generosity, and give hor tho half of your kingdom. Brandon thought for a moment, and then re plied. " No, I skull try to ba just, but what my justice will he, remains to bo proved, atleast until she is of sge." " I mistrust you, Ralph," and Lady Elmslie hold up a warning finger. . "Now toll me what aro your plans for hor ?" " I liavo nono. Things ha.ve arranged them selves." " But you nro not going to let her live on with thoso excellent, but rather bourgeois rela tives ? " , "She could not do better; you must seo yourself that they arc gentry. She is perfeotly happy with them ; in faot I don't suppose she would leave them to pleaso mo." "But, Ralph, later when her mourning ia over, she must go into Booiety, real society. You can never find a proper 'parti' for her among tho Gainsborough Gardens set." "Why should I find a ' parti ' for her 1 Sho will manngo that for herself." " Perhaps after all you may prefor carrying out Papa Trncey's scheme ?" "What, marry her myself? No thank you, Lady Elmslie. The oxporimont of proposing to my ward, is one I never wish to repeat. To feel oneself small, oven to nothingness, is not an agreeable sensation, I assure you." - "Arc you quilt sure you nevor wish to repeat tho oxperimont ?" Brandon, who had just Ut a cigarette, took it from his lips and held it for a moment, as lie looked keenly nt hor. "You seem to have a fixed idea on the sub- jcot," ho said. "No, no, by no means fixed. But you know I really liavo a high opinion of your littio ward. She has immense capabilities ; she is naturally 'grando dame,' and I should not like to see her thrown away oh somo bettor class of "A-rry !'" "Eotlor leave hor to herself. Sho hns a shrewd idea as to what sho wants, bnt sho has, so far as I can make out, no ambition." " Nevertheless it would ho a great relief to your mind if sho wero mnrriod out of the way. I o'nn't help thinking that you might do a double- edged act of beneficence by marrying her to your cousin, Sir Philip Brandon." " Philip Brandon ! What can hovo suggested such nn idea?" "Oh, I can scarcely tell. Sir Philip is not a bad fellow, and is rathor an attractive man. Then ho is young nnd Hunny, wliioli would suit hor. Sho is just a simile too pensive. "I do not think it would be exactly conscien tious on my part to pay my cousin's debts with my ward's money." '.'Ah! tlibn you are going to give up Air. Traoey's bequest. A paltiy £6000 would not go far in paying Sir Philip's debts." , Brandon's lip curled with a contemptuous smile. "It would boa pity to deprive jrou of tho amusement that guessing at my possible inten tions evidently affords yon. Philip's debts are not overwhelming, nnd as you say, ho is rathor a good, thnn a had, follow, but he would never suit AiisB Tracoy." "You arc quito sure ?" "Yes, quite." "All 1 Ralph, nover say that of any woman until tho man has made lovo to her." "Still " Ho paused. " Will you bet me— what, a pony ?— thnt he could not succeed ?" " Certainly not," looking rathor sternly at her.' "With you to baok him, he might." " Do you think me capable of foul play ?" "No, far from it, at least oonsoioUs foul play." Thoro was a pause. Then Lady Elmslie, looking at a ring, which she was turning round on lior finger, nsked, " Do you remember our last hot, Ralph?" "I am not Burc. Was it at the Atherly Steeplechase ?" "Yes. How splendidly you rode. Do you rido now ?" "Not often since I came baok from India." "How woll I remember that Stoeplochaso," said Lady Elmslie raising her fine eyes, and gazing away into the bygone time. Brandon, too, wsb thoughtful, recalling the past, no doubt, sho thought, till he said rather abruptly, " Claude Trooey wants to rido. Selby and I saw a very nice lady's horse that may suit hor, yesterday. Sho is a feather weight, and will look well en anuizonc. " Lady Elmslie grew very white. Was this what he had beon thinking of ? There was minute's silence. Brandon did not see tho ohnuge in his companion's expression. She was tiio first to speak. " You don't keep horsos, I think, Ralph?" In her usual easy tone. "No, I have had onough to do to keep mysbif." " I am so glad all that is over. You must start a stud now, and ride ivitli me sometimes," "That, certainly is a temptation," said Bran don smiling plonsantly, but ho did not say ha would buy horses. "I must go away to the country and rido," sho resumed. "You know poor Lord Elmslie left me my pretty ponies and my saddle horse ; you havo noticed my chestnut, Ceitrio ? They are oating their heads off down at C . I suppose I cannot indulge ovon in the innocent amusement of riding while I am in suoh doop mourning. I shall leave town as soon as the weather ia wnrmor. It is deadly dull hore. Why I was quito glad to admit that droll Captain O'Hara tho other dny. Ho brought mo such a pretty bonbonnicre oncrusted with tur quoises and pearls, from poor Philip Brandon; who is wandering about tho south of France and praotioing coonomy." 1 " Poor follow, if ho sticks to that for two or three years, ho will come out all right." " I think of renting a place on the north-west ooast for tlio autumn. It belongs to a cousin of tho Elmslies, a Alanohcster man. Ho haa another place somowiicro whioh his wife prefers. There is good shooting, and I may havo my- friends about ino in a quiet way. I will ask your ward to stay with mo, and you shall oomo and givo her riding lessons," and hor oyes lit up with a joyous expression, as if at tho happy idaa. "Youqro very good, Lady Elmslie. In my fatherly position as guardian I thank you heartily for your kind thought. We'll have soma jolly rides and many opportunities of admiring Ccdria and his mistress." Lady Ehnslio Bliook her lioad. "Nonsense llalph, I begin to feel quite olderly." "By Jove. I do since I havo had tils cares of a father imposed upon mo." "Thank lioavon, that with tho caro oomos the cure. Isn't it delightful to feel that one has money enough ? Is there any tiling on earth so hateful as poverty, and tho insignifioance to which povorty condemns you ?" " Yes, monoy is good. But as to poverty 1 What you would call poverty would suffioo for all tho comforts nnd enjoyments of life to many. Now there aro Major and Airs. Selby, I don't suppose they muster a thousand a year." "The rent for a dooont house," murmured Lady Elmslie. " Yot happior peoplo I nevor met. I find tlma slip away with amazing rapidity when I am there. Their house is pretty and comfortablo. They have educated their daughters well (really Miss Selby's singing is very charming, especially in auets with Claude.) Dinner is good, though simple, and well enough served to satisfy any reasonable being ; a tone of healthy cheerfulness pervades the house, and what more do you want? " My dear Ralph," said Lady Elmslie with a west yet slightly mocking smile. "I do not think your testimony on the subject of dinner admissible, considering that, for two or three years, you could dino with that misor onco a week at least." "I am not an epicure perhaps, but—" "Now pray do not tell tne you do not care much what you eat ; that is a phrase I particu larly dislike. It gives me a low opinion of the speaker, his intellect, I mean. Clever men, aye, and womon too, eare a good deal for what they eat." "Then holievo mo, I was not going to say anything of the kind. Pray do not consider rao ft blockhead." "I consider you — well, not a blockhead, Ralph," returned Lady Elmslie, giving him a lingering glance, half sad, half appealing, " only a highly intellectual ioiole." "Perhaps tho ice is necessary to the intellect. Too much firo may fuse the brains into con fusion." " Who can tell, Ralph. Would it be propor to ask Captain O'Hara to dinner? " "What, alone? No, certainly not." 44 Then will you come to do propriety ? " 44 Why? Would you ask me to do third? Ask Miss Tracoy and make it a parti carrd , thon." " I will do better still. I will ask Major and Mrs. Selby also. She will be a bore, I daresay, but it will be oivil, and such a party oannob be construed into riotous living. Then we shall all bo in mourning for our nearest and dearest." Brandon laughed, and began to roll another cigarette. 44 Have you.seen that tho member for East- cliffe is supposed to be in very indifferent health, and is likoly to resign his seat ? " 4 4 Yes, 8omobody told mo something about it." 44 Was it not Lord H ?" Sho named one of tho chief men on tho Liberal side. 44 1 have not the honor of his acquaint ance." 44 But yon know his private secretary, which is tho Bamo thing, only more so." 44 Oh, yes, I h&vo; mot Sinclair." 44 And will you not tako tho opportunity if it offers and offer yoursolf to the deserted con stituency? You can vonfcuro into public life 11010." Brandon leaned back in his chair with half closed oyes. 44 How do you know I over cared to ontor into public lifo?" "I — I divined it. When one is in very strong sympathy with a friend there arc looks, intona tions, half uttered sontences, which indicate unerringly how tho current of wishes and aspirations run, and that was .why I rather wantod you to marry Bliss Tracoy. Things have arranged themselves better, and you are free." 44 You are really a vory steadfast friend, Lady Elmslie. Yes, cno day I should like to go into Parliament, but not at present, and not for Eastcliffc." 44 Ah, Ralph. I see you do not menn to con fide iu mo. No matter, I have remarkable powers of divination where you aro ooncerncd. 2 shall sco you leader of Liborals or perhaps some wonderful new development of party, the High Tory Liberals, or Conservative Radi cal Reformers, or some such amazing amalgama tion. "All things aro possible in the coming by-and- bye," ho replied. Soon after Brandontook his leave, accompany ing his 44 good-night" with words of kindly caution. 44 You ought to take care of yourself, Lady Elmslie. You don't look quite tho thing, and you change color as I have never noticed before." 44 Never, Ralph. Arc yon quite sure?" 44 Well, I speak only of this present period! Adieu." 44 Curious woman. I am glad slio has taken a fancy to Claude; sho may be a good friend, but she little knows the happy independence of my little ward, her freedom from sooial ambition nnd from restless craving for that which satis- fioth not. Sho would not like poverty, she appreciates all that is beautiful and refined, yet povertywould notfrightcnhcr. 'Phcroisanatmos- plicro of divine repose about that child. To think that she is old Tracey's daughter. To think that Philip Brandon should ever lift his oommon- place eyes to her. Why" does not Lady Elmslie marry him herself ? They would suit each other admirably," Then Brandon roused himself, and resolutely banishing his ward and her pos sible suitors from his thoughts, applied himself to read the letters he found awaiting him when he reached his rooms. Chapter NVI. — " A House Partt." What bright swift flying hours made up tho months which intervened between John Tracey's death and the autumn of that eventful year ! The happiness of being in a real home, of en joying her favorite pursuits in company with hor favorite cousin, the delights of riding with Major Selby and Brandon, who often contrived to snatch a few hours from his work to accom pany her, the sonso of bringing an increaso of pleasure and ease to the relatives sho loved so heartily, all combined to make these halcyon clays indeed. Sometimes tho great O'Hara joined them in their equestrian expeditions, and Kate flirted with him in the most open manner, to every one's amusement. Meantime Lady Elmslie had been absent for somo time and made no sign. Claudo and ICato began to look anxiously for some tidings of the charming widow, as both hoped her promised in vitation would include the latter. Brandon had started on a tour of some weeks in Bohemia, with some literary object, and had written Claude several delightful letters, descriptive ot the quaint old towns and villages among which he liad been w&ndoring.; ..Major and Mrs. Selby were talking of a visit to Wales that the former might enjoy some fishing, tho only sport loft to a poor man, he oaid, nnd Claude felt a little unsettled as to what she should do, when the long expected letter from Lady Elmslie arrived. 44 Dear Miss Tracey," it began, 41 (Claude looks really too familiar on paper), as my move ments have been uncertain I delayed writing to you. Iam now, however, on my way to Becks- dale, the place I have taken for tho autumn, which is a charming spot for a short stay. Hero 2 hope you will join me, as soon as I see that things arc iu order. Pray send down your horse or horses, for my stud is not extensive, and the rides are lovely. I shall bo delighted if your cousin, Miss Solby, will come with you. Pray to!! her so, but I will writo' separately to her. Warn her that there will be no gaieties. Any nows of Brandon? Ever yours, most sincerely, B. Elmslie." 44 How nice and kind. How delightful to have you too, ICato," cried Claude. 41 And how delightful for me," exclaimed Kate. " Lot us make our preparations at onco, for I suppose Lady Elmsle's noxt letter will fix the day for our journey." Bccksdalc Hall was an old place, overlooking a wild open park, sparsoly dotted with trees, which sloped down to tho embouchure of a river flowing' into a large landlocked hay. A nnnlc fence separated it from a garden rising in terraces till it reached tho summit of the hill, where was an ivy covered walk, over- < topped by tho woods above, out of which tho space of garden seemed squarely cut. The house lay to tho east of this pleasure ground, a grey structure much patched and added to. 2>irge projecting windows commanded views of sea and land, while the entrance was at the opposite side and approached by an avenue well nhcltered by oak and elm trees. The neighbor ing woods and moorland afforded abundaut Bporfc, and the surrounding bills offered happy hunting grounds for picnics and excursions. It was the end of a drenching day, which had begun in sunshino, when tboy left London, that Claude and her cousin reached the little station of Thirlestane, which was within about four miles of Bccksdalc. . Here Lady Eltnslie's brougham awaited them, and even through tho driving mist they could see the oountry was beautiful. "What inhospitable, odious weather," ex claimed Lady Elmslie wbon she had welcomed them cordially, 44 If it were a sunny shower, tears of joy at your arrival) I could forgive tho barometer, but is too horrid. Come to my room and have some tea. You have had a long tircsomo journey." 14 No, indeed, it has boon delightful from be- 1 ginning to end especially," exclaimed Kato, as tboy adjourned to Lady Ehnslio's morning room, whero tea was served. It was a pictu- . rcsque room with projecting windows, cosy corners and a glass door opening into tho con servatory. 4 4 The light that surrounded you Miss Selby must be, I fanoy, all from within, if you could enjoy a railway journoy in such weather," said Lady Elmslie with a smile, and sho applied her self to administer tea to her tired guests. 44 This is such n nico old house, rathor ramb ling and ghost like in place?, and, by no means, gorgeous in its appointments, but I hope I shall be nblo to mako my autumnal picnio com fortable, as well as pleasant, to my friends. Indeed one is impossible without the othor. "We shall only bo a small party. A brother-in-law of mine, a nice old thing, qnito an old beau, is staying with mo. If either of you young ladies had been going out in London, yon would have been sure to havo met him. Ho is the only member of the Grantley family who has an insuffioienoy of this world's goods, and, as usual, ib tho moat agrocablo of thorn all. He always reminds me of Major Pen- donnis, only he has more heart and less head. Then there is the young son of my friend, Lady Elizabeth Langley (this place is the Langloy'n). They nro abroad and did not know what to do with this boy, so I asked him here. He gener ally bestows his company on tho .koepere, and gives me no troublo. I expect Captain O'Hara and your guardian, Miss Tracoy, but when tho latter will appear, it is impossible to sny. Wo have ono or two rather pleasant neighbors, so, with fishing, riding and rousio, we must try and piece our programme as best wc can." 44 You seem to mo rich in matorials, Lady Elmslie, said Claudo, 44 and you have left out reading, which is a grand ingredient." 44 Yes, you are right There Is a library here, too, full of quaint old books, and I have a box from Mudio's every fortnight." v 44 Then what more can we require," cried Kate, as sho roso to follow her hostess to the room allotted to hor and Claude, whero all possi ble comfort seemed to have been provided with thoughtful care. Kate was a great success that ovening. Her bright good humor and unaffected talk, helped things immensely. It was' rathor difficult, Lady Elmslie thought, to make things 44 go " when tho members of the party were so foreign to each othor, as a boy from Sandhurst and an old world woru London man, and two girls fresh from the schoolroom. Both the boy and tho beau, however, were charmed with Kate. Tho touch of nature in her melted the reserve of the one and the conventionality of the other. Lady Elmslie, in spite of her instinotive fears, sat talking to Ciaude, who was a delightful listener, and interested her hostess by the strange mixture of liking and distrust which sho awakened. Lady Elmslie was a lover of music, though not much of a musician, and was sur prised and pleased with Kate's singing and tho duets botweeu the cousins, so tho first evening passed more successfully than she expected. The next day broke bright and fair. The cousins were enchantod with the beautiful out look from their windows, and, when thoy descended, they found Lady Elmslie radiant over her letters. 44 1 have a note from the groat O'Hara," sho said at breakfast. 44 Ho haa been at the Liver pool races, and is staying somewhere in the neighborhood. He writes to know if he may come tho day after to-morrow (he had a floating 1 engagement to me) and asks leave to bring Sir Philip Brandon. I think wo must grant our royal consent. "What do you say V 44 Yes, certainly," cried Claude, who, suspect ing tho strong but subdued liking he had in spired in Kate, blushed from the earnestness of her wish that he might come iu a way that suggested hope to Lady Elmslie. 44 1 fancy he knows you are here," she con tinued. 44 Both men are capital companions in tbo country. Captain O'Hara has picked up a couple of horses for me, and is going to send them on at once. "Wo must try their mettle. How I wish Mr. Brandon would write." 44 So do I," echoed Claude cordially. Hois always interesting, and though ho Is so gravo and quiet, I fancy he enjoys himself." "Perhaps, "returned Lady Elmslie doubtfully. 44 But ho has been cruelly disappointed in more ways than ono. Howover, thoro may bo com pensation boiorc him." Tho morning was spent very agreeably, inspecting the stables and rambling in tho grounds. After luncheon the boy persuaded Kato to mount a steady old cob and allow him to accompany and guide her to a picturesque ruined tower, while tho beau, who always breakfasted in his room, was not visible before luncheon. Ho had an immense correspondence of the greatest importance with very high and mighty personages — at least a few cleverly dropped hints conveyed this impression. He went gaily and gallantly forth to drive Claudo in a mail phaeton, while Lady Elmslie, com- plaining of a slight headache, stayed at home. So tho evening and tho morning were the first day, and both Claudo and Kate thought it very good. Tho fino weather continuing, the Becond day was spent out of doors, much like the first. On returning from a riding expedition, which included Lady Elmslie, they met tho waggonette going to meet the expected guests. 44 Come, let us mend our pace," said the hostess. 44 1 must bo ready to reoeive tho new arrivals," and tho party pressed forward gaily. Claudo caught a glimpse of her cousin's face, as she passed her with the boy, and noticed, with some anxiety, the beautiful bright color which had risen in her oheeks, the joyous light in her dark hazel eyes. 44l8she inolincd to love Sir Philip Brandon, and is it well for hor? Is he worthy of her?" were the questions she asked herself. 44 Now, Claude, dear, do put on that pretty demi-toilotto of greuadine and orape, with the jets. It becomes you so much, and I will put on my whito silk and blaek laco. See, here are some charming flowers to brighten us up," and sho vanished into her room. "When sho reappeared, Claude, after a moment's quiet scrutiny, observed, 44 1 don't think you want much to brighten you up, Kate." Tho dinner bell rang just then, and tho cousins descended to the smallor of the two drawingrooms, which looked out over the bay. Claude at onco retired with a book into a recess, which was formed by a small corner window looking up the dale, while Kate stood in the bow window gazing on the waters still glittering in the sunset rays. They were the first to obey the sum mons, but, in a very few minutes the door again opened to admit Sir Philip Brandon. Ho looked sunburnt aud well, but thinner and taller than formerly. Kate came out of the strong light in which she stood, and advanced to meet hira. Sir Philip hesitated an instant, and then sprang forward to tako the hand she extended. 44 Miss Selby, by all that's lucky. This is moat unexpected," ho exclaimed in his usual unguarded manner, while his open, good looking faoe lit up joyfully. 44 1 had not the faintest idoa I should meet you here. I thought I was to meet Miss Tracey." 44 Here sho is. Claudo, come out of your corner." 44 Why this is delightful. "\Vbat a jolly woman Lady Elmslie is to ask us all together. "VVu will ride all over the country, and have no end of larks. " After an interchange of inquiries, Claude re sumed her Beat, while Sir Philip threw himself on a sofa beside Kate, and began to describe his joy at finding himself in England, looking ad miringly at her as he spoke. On this tableau tho doot onco more opened to admit Captain O'Hara, whose toilet always took a considerable time, and Claude, from hercornor, could hardly refrain from audible laughter at the dismayed expression which suddenly replaced the satisfied smirk adorning his countenance as his eyes fell oh tho happy looking couple before him. Chapter XVII.— On Guard. Kate immediately wont forward with sparkling eyes and laughing lips to greet tho discomfited O'Hara. 4 4 This is an unexpected pleasure, Captain O'Hara, at least to you. I know you were coming, but you did not know I was here. I don't think you arc a bit glad to see mo," she exclaimed. 44 Is it mo not glad to see you?" said O'Hara in a pathotio injured tono, 44 Am I the man to quarrel with the sunlight for shining on mo? Why tho pleasure just struck mo dumb." 44 1 understand. Tho effect of excessive joy. Well, here is another shock for you. Hero is Miss Tracey," with a slight gesture, indicating Claudo in hor corner. 44 Well, it is almost too mueh for an old fol- low's balance," shaking hands with her. 44 Bo- gad, it's enough to grind a man young again to find such a delightful vision at tho end of a dusty journey." Then greetings and inquiries wore cxclmngod. 14 Ralph Brandon is in London," said Sir Philip. 44 1 mot a man at tho races who came over with him. I suppose he is coming down here. You never ooo him at a raco nowadays. Ho was rather keen about them once. .He must bo as grave as half a dozen judges now ho haB tho care of a young lady on his hands. I don't think I could sleep at nights if / had such a res ponsibility." 44 You malco me feel a ton weight at least," returned Claude laughing. 44I hope I do nob cmbittor poor Mr. Brandon's oxiBtenee too much." 41 Not you, faith," cried O'Hara. "If tho load is more than ho can stand, thoro is many a one would bo ready to bear it for him." 44 You aro a man of resourco, Captain O'Hara," said Claude with a littlo nod. And Lady Elmslie's appearanoo changed tho con versation. Sho was quickly followed by Mr. Grantley and young Langley, tho former greet ing Sir Philip and his friend more politely than warmly. Grantley was older than O'Hnra by a good many years, and, though carefully dressed in modern fashion, had tho ineffaceable stamp of an older period. On looking at him, ono felt that his neck wantod the stiff stock, his coat the higher collar, his legs tho tight pantaloons, his head a wig a id George the Fourth, which was in fashion under the Regency. Still, Mr. Grantley had too much taste, taste which some times supplies sense, to affect youth ; rather, in a way, he affected ago, hoping to appear younger than ho nffeotod to be. He was tall and thin, nature having mercifully spared him tho horrors of rotundity, but far from good looking. His face was broad and somewhat common, adorned with, what ho considered, fino eyes, but which were oomewbat lobster like in form and wotting. He was, in fact, a harmless gossip, of an easy and some what generous nature, pleasant manners and ready tongue. Ho was tho late Lord Elmslie's youngest brother, who had inherited tho smnllest portion of his father's wealth, and dis sipated a good deal of that. Ho was attached to his sister-in-law, who had always shown him greater consideration than the rest of the family, and now found him a useful friond in the first isolation of hor widowhood. Not that Lady Elmslie was a woman to allow tho world to dictato its terms to hor, none know bet ter than horself the safety which lies iu a grasp strong enough to orush tho nettlo's sting. "My neighbors aro late," she said. "I have asked Colonel Ctavoring and his mother to din ner. Thoy live at Thirlstan Manor, that sweet old placo beyond the railway you admired the other day. She is a dear old lady. . Colonel Claveriug only succeeded to the property two years ago. I used to know thom when I stayed here long ago, when you wore a little fellow in knickerbookers, Jack," to young Langley. "Do you know Colonel Claveriug ?" "Ihavo met him," returned Mr. Grantley. 44 "Wasn't there a carious story about him and a Begum, a sort of princess, whon tho 24th Dragoons were at Mustaphabad?" 44 1 don't know. Really you have tho most appalling memory. It is well for this world I you are a man of honor, or what enormous black mail you might levy on society," said Lady Elmslie laughing. 44 What it is to jump to conclusions ! " cried Grantley. 44 1 can toll you that Clavering came right well out of the affair, and they say the Begum gavo him some of the finest pearls and rubies to bo found in India, for his wife, when ho had one." 44 What a nice dear," cried Lady Elmslie. 44 Colonel Claveriug must be a most dosirable parti," said ICato aside to her chum. Jack Langley. 14 Yes," put in Grantley, 44 bat the devil's own temper. Flogged a native servant to death in his griff days, and smashed " " Colonel and Mrs. Claveriug, "announced tho butler. There was the usual process of welcome and recognition, and before this was over, the mngio wordB 44 dinner is on the table" put the party in motion. Mr. Grantley took Mr. Clavering, O'Hara was allotted to Kate, Colouel Clavoriug to Claude aud Lady Elmslie appropriated Sir Philip. (To be continued. J 