A M A O S P E C T R E . By Phan Phantom. " Any ghosts, wraiths, spooks, spectres or other representatives of your defunct ancestors hereabouts ?" I asked the question of my friend, Augustus Danforth, as we seated ourselves before a blazing fire in the stately library of the grand old gray stone pile which had recently come to him by inheritance, and which I now visited for the first time. " I can't speak from personal knowledge," he laughed, "having had no experience with the gentry, but, tell it not in Gath, publish it not in Askelon, or every servant would quit the place without an hour's notice—if tradition speaketh correctly, there are half a dozen, more or less, closeted about the house somewhere, though, as they are not disposed to disturb my nightly slumbers, I don't propose to bunt them out, and they are welcome to possess in peace." We had both seen, read, heard, and, best of all, thought much since we last met, and wc thought of many things that night ; of things seen and unseen ; of the natural and the supernatural ; of the body terrestrial and the body celestial. We talked of old friends and old times, and at"my request Danforth gave me a brief account of his ancestry, names, characters and eccentricities included. The eight itself was conducive to good fellowship; all the foiir winds of heaven were roaring and rollicking in the wide-mouthed chimney, and capering in and out the gable3 and cornicc-s, whistling through the keyholes and.thrashing at the leafless oaks and giant elms in a regular high-daddy, witches' frolic that reminded one of " Ingoldsby " in his gayest mood. The full moon held high carnival amid the fijing scud that occasionally obscured her brightness, and now looked calmly down upon the animated scsne. A large grey owl sat perched on a swaying branch and asked his monotonous question at every appropriate interval. We stood looking out of the French.windowfor a moment before separating for the night, Danforth remarking that a Btorin was brewing, the moon being partially obscured by a watary hase and enveloped iu a circular "night-cap as if for Drotection. "You "and the spooks will have it all to yourselves ; this is the only room that is occupicd on this side the house," he said as h& bade me goodnight on the landing. " All right," I responded ; " if they cut up very rougit«ing -out, and--you -can—come -to the rescue." I was dog tired after my loug journey, though 1 hadn't realised it until now, and gava but a hasty glance round thé room, merely noting its size and .comfort, before turning in, auù m five minutes was in that mystical lani where the mind wanders at will, untrammelled by the body. I may have slept an hour, perhâps longer, when I was aroused by, or became conscious of, a sound in the room resembling that ruade bv a rapid plarer of the bones. For a time 1 struggled with the drowsiness that possessed me, but as the sound continued and increased 1 gradually woke up to the significance of it, and opened my eyes. As I did so tbe moon emerged from a cloud, and a long, bright stream of silvery light fell across the floor. Just in the very centre of tbe radiance I saw a sight that made my heart thump like a trip-hammer for a minute, until I reflected that no one had ever heard of a spectre doing any real damage to anyone, and determined to pluck up courege. My ghoBt was none of the ordinary kind, I would have yon to understand, being no more or no less than a gibbering skeleton. In itself this was qui te enough to arouse a feeling of curiosity, if no stronger emotion, bat add to it the fact that so far from standing upon its pedal extremeties, as any well conducted ghost would do, it was carefully balanced on its hands, with its feet in the air, and the head elevated like a turtle, and wagging from side to side when I first perceived it, and furthermore that it started off into a variety of contortions to which double somersaults and the hop, skip and jgmp acts were the mildest prelude, and you have a faint idea of an odd, not to say striking, perform- My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth for a few moments, and then I summoned the courage to ejaculate " Helloa 1" in a decidedly weak voice. The spectre, or skeleton, paused instantly in a pirouette upon the right hand index finger and faced me, head tilted upward, and grinning hor-; ribly. " Shan't" do it," a weird voice returned. " I helloed once with a vengeance, though, but it had no effect except to wake the echoes and frighten the rats." *' I beg pardon," I ventured-. "I didn't think you could talk." "Why not? There's no law against it, I suppose," he chattered. " Oh, no, of course not ! B ut you see most people require a tongue for that sort of thing. - ' have That's a tongue, where and I have it can the wag advantage as faBt as of you. another I man's, too, only I have&'t used it for so long that it's a triflerusty. I have eyes, and flesh, and blood, and nerve and muscle, only you are blind aud can't see them." "You don't say 1 Why, your bones look as dry as—as a haystack." "Well, so they"are, but I still invest them, and shall until they crumble away as my other material part has ; then I shall be all spirit, with a body of a different kind." '.'Gracious ! I don't mean to be disrespectful, I assure yuu—but>—who are you, anyhow 7" " I might ask you the same question with a better grace, since I find you intruding upon my privacy ; but no matter ; you're not ' to the manor born,' or you wouldn't ask ; everyone with the slightest pretensions to relationship has heard of the Mad Baron. I'm his èpectrej and every -whit as mad now as I was when they dubbed ine so, yet I am as saneas yourself ; everyone is more or less mad, you know;" " So they called you mad, eh-î What for ?" "Why, you see, my mother died when I was born, and what with missing her, and with inheriting her weakly constitution, and one thing and another,'I W«B a puny youngster, and exercifed my lnhgs to suchjgood purpose that my nurse spent the major part of her time in trotting and dandling me upon her capaciouB knee. Now this might have been all right for the ordinary young one, but you flee it was different with me ; I was feeble and my bones were hollow, so that my brains gradually settled down to the.lowest point and lodged in my heels. Of course no one knew of this, or they might have hung me upjSy the heels and sst me to rights. I wasn't conscious of it myself until I came to àn age where I began to reason, and then I set to work to remedy the trouble. A man can't be strictly sensible with bis brai&s; upside down, so I began to practice walking upon my head, or hands, rather ; and as soon as I was inverted, and my brain in its proper position, I was all right. Folks began to look At me askance after that, though, and finally I was fastened up here and never allowed to go out." 41 The deuce 1 I mean—that was pretty hard on you,, especially as you were quite sane. I hope you' dotft mind my being here ?'' " Not ât all j I rather like it, if you don't object to my little eccentricities. I most have some exercise." " Certainly, but why choose the night?" ?' I haven't any spite against the present occu pant,fendit would be sure to make trouble with $ervahts and children, if thete are -ahy, if I were to sppifcrih'fhe * alWayl preferred this time, Hitty ^ wii® and oft I have gone tumbling into my younger brother'» room—be wm waiting for my shots,, and wasting eagerly,too—-in the dead of night, and frightened. himhslfto death. Although they shut me uplalwayBContrived to get out, and gave them no end of îarouble to the very last, I was helped o3, finally, you know." : i w The.deu —what do you mean V . J , ; ' " Wby, helped to shuffle off the mortal coil, " You don't mean it?" • • " Yes, I do ; it was strychnine, tlic most diabolical poison ever invented. My brother Blipped'as easily into my shoes as if they had been made' to his measure, but something troubled Iiim, and after a lor.g time be camc to the family vault one dark right, and opening my narrow prison house rifled it of my bones and took them home. After placing them in the large closet over there be locked the door, and next day I overheard workmen cementing the cracks, and it has never been opened from that • day to thi6 ; in fact, the door-knob was lemovèd, and it has always been considered as no moreor Ices than a panel. But, bless you, they can't^hain spirits, even those partia'ly trammelled by Hie material, with bolts and bars. I stood by.my brother'6 bed or gibbered on the f oatboardevery night of hisBinful life,until I think he woulâbave been glad to die, except that he was afraid of-what came after. Sometimes he stretched out his bandé and pleaded with me to go away and leave him in peace ; and once he leaped out of bed slidimplored me to kill him and end it all. But I was notqr jnifca i4 ~ bad enough for that. I went away then ana LU~ he died eoon after. I haven't sought to find him since ; naturally he doesn't care to linger abbut;the scene of his crime, and—on the whole—perhaps lre suffered enough—helloa ! what's that? Daylight, as I'm a skeleton 1 Well, good~dayl" And he vanished into thin air in the twinkling, ôf jàn ey;> " Ever taken a good look around the unoccupied . side of the house ?" I inquired carelessly, the next dav, after discussing a hearty breakfast with Danforth. .\7 " No ; suppose we go over it together this inoni-- ing," lie suggested, as we rose from the tablé and lit our cigars. '' Agreed," I returned, and we strolled about for several hours, poking into all aorte 'of nooks and corners, and discovering a secret passage from one room to another in the most innocent looking panel j in the world. r ; " By the way," I said, isn't it a little strange that in so large a room as that I occupied last night ! there is no closet?" " Strange enough, I should think. Are you sure, though?" " Reasonably." I said it with a mental reservation. " Let us examine into it," quoth Danforth. fie went to work, looking carefully all along the wall. After a moment he paused. «• By Jove ! Dick," he called out, "see hererthat's cement, sure's you're alive ; I can pickit out with my knife; keep still, though, and we'll see •what's inside in & brace of shakes." After two hours of hard work I stood back while Danforth pried opsn the door with a chisel. A tail skeleton fell clattering down upon the floor.' "The deuce !" cried Danforth. " Tbe mad spectre of the Ma£ Baron !" said I. : ; ; 