K Y N E T O N C H U R C H . W E S L E Y A N ANNIVERSARY. The annual tea meeting in connection with the anniversary of the Kyneton Wesleyan Church was held yesterday afternoon. The attendance numbered about 100, the inclement weather and other influences operating in opposition. Mrs. Chudleigh and Mrs. M'Bonald, together, gave a table, and the other tables, catered for by Mr. Hewlett and Mr. Murray, were presided over by the following ladies:— Mrs. Castles and Miss Miller; Mrs. H. Hill and Miss Bobbins; Mrs. M'Lennan and Miss Campbell; Mrs. Pearson and Miss Pearson; Mrs. Ward and Miss Tail; and Miss Johnson and Miss Florrie Joluison. The after meeting was held in the church, and was presided over by Mr. C. P. Woodfin, who was called to the chair at the close of the customary devotional proceedings. Mr. J. Morris read the following report: —Tour trustees have nothing very special to notice, no material alterations or improvements having been made, and your church property on the whole being ina fair state of repair, there are only a tew items bearing upon the working of the church, which we would notice. At our last anniversary public meeting, our minister, the Bev. G. Schofield, had just commenced labours with us. Now he has been with us a little over twelve months, and under his ministry, pastoral care and supervision, aided by the various orders of workers and helpers, the year numerically andfinandally at least has been one of prosperity, and it gives your trustees pleasure to be able to say that that gentleman still holds a prominent place in the affections of his people, not only in Kyneton, bnt we believe throughout the circuit. Soon after the beginning of the year, which now doses, it was deemed advisable to secure the services of a young man as an assistant to the Bev. G. Schofield, especially in pastoral wort. The officials of the circuit met to consider the matter, and they decided to bring it before the people of the principal places throughout the circuit, and if sufficient funds could be raised over the regular revenue of the circuit, and the way was clear, to take the necessary steps to secure a suitable young man. Accordingly the people of the several places were called together, and the idea met with a hearty response from all. The way then being open, a suitable young man was found in tiie person of Mr. Hughes, and engaged. Mr. Hughes is much beloved by all, and he has proved himself to be worthy, and in every way adequate to the work to which he has been called. Now the time having expired for which he was first engaged, he has been employed for six months more. It affords your trustees much pleasure in being able tostate that so far as material property goes, the affairs of, our church were never so flourishing. Every department of church work, with very little exception, seems to be moving smoothly and effectively. Our Sabbath school continues to work efficiently, the choir continues to render valuable aid to our congregational worship. Our Mutual Improvement Association is in a bur condition. We only want one thing to crown the whole, and that is a mighty baptism of the Holy Ghost; this we believe to be the finest property a church can have, and for this we are praying and hoping. Before closing this report, your trustees would take this opportunity of thanking eveiy individual worker and officer in each of tiie several departments of our church work, whose interest and energies have tended so much to our success; and we pray that the Great Held of the -church may long spare them to labour with us, and that the only true motive, "love to God," may ever be their stimulus in their work. Mr. N. Blencowe, J.P., read the balance sheet, as follows :—Receipts: Balance in hand, £14 0s 6d; proceeds of 1891 teameeting, .£16 10s 6d: donations, £17 9s 6d; refund from Jubilee Fond by Mr. M'Lennan, J525 5s; seat rents, £47 12s 6d; gas, subscription, fees, rent, iS6 7s 8dL— Total, JE127 5s 8d. Expenditure: Interest on private loan, £21; insurance, £3 10s; printing, repairs, music, £16 18s lid; gas, £16 4s 9d; cleaning church, £13; repayment toloan fond, £15 s repayment toJubilee Fund, £15.—Total, £100,136 8d; credit balance, £26 12s. Sir. Blencowe mentioned that arrangements were in progress for a bazaar in aid of the trust funds, to be opened on May 24th, and that tiie ladies would thankfully receive donations of any kind. The report and balance sheet were adopted, on tiie motion of Mr. Pearson. Following the arrangements of last year the principal portion of the evening was occupied by a lecture. On this occasion the lecturer was Mr. E. Adcock, of Melbourne, who took for his subject " Character." At the outset Mr. Adcock considered the question of heredity in connection with character, and then dealt with home influences, and particularly that exercised by a mother over her children. How important is a. mother's influence was illustrated by references to illustrious mothers and their sons. The influences of good and bad surroundings were considered and illustrated, and then the lecturer went on to define character and the bearing of education upon its formation. Men of character were asserted to be God's heroes, and a number of brilliant examples were adduced. Then it was submitted that the only perfect character, and that which should be copied, was that of the Saviour when on earth, and tiie peroration treated of the ultimate triumph of beautiful character. The various points of the lecture, which was well received, were forcibly illustrated by abundant well told anecdotes, most of them being strongly tinctured with mirth- provoking humour. At intervals the choir rendered the following selections from "Choral Anthems (Burnham) :—" The Lord shall come to Zion" (soloists, Messrs. Simpson and Campbell, and Master Max Castles); "Bock of Ages" (solos by Mrs. M'Lennan and Mr. T. E. A. Castles); " O, How Lovely is Zion" (quartette by Misses Cass and Vail,and Messrs. Campbell and Castles; "O, Father Almighty" (soloists. Miss Castles, and Mr. H. Castles). The numbers were excellently rendered. ! The usual comprehensive vote of thanks was moved by Mr. M'Lennan, and seconded by Mr. Hoiles (of Malmsbnry). That to the chairman was moved by Mr. Addock, and seconded by tiie Bev. G.. Schofield. Both motions were carried in a hearty amiiiar, and -the proceedings contended in tiie usual way. 