MY UNCLE'S GHOST. BY FRANCIS FOOTE. One rainy evening laat week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One of my uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more than a boy himself in feelings, although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," as we called him—I believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when we were in a collegs scrape; no one who wo aid loan money so readily when an allowance fell short; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his wines aud cigars were unimpeachable. On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from his pipe. 41 How are you, Tom 1" he said, lazily ; "you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my ghost," " Your ehost ?" I echoed. " Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. - Do you mean that I have never told you the story ?" I say " No," emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. "Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. " I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and yon will find the best Arigars on the top shelf." At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my. way to Chicago. The trains didn't go Tight through as tbey do now, and stopped oftener. ■ It might have been five o'clock in the evening, and we had one more night to ride, when thetrain began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. " The seats were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said' Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a fait of a bag with her. "You know I never was mnch on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, and a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves bad been neatly, mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her, and when she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have heard—low soft and musical. ' " By Jove 1" said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy," I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; she Vinvp KMnprJ " Well," he continued," she took up a book, but she didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. "41 am sorry,' he said; ' you should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section ?' "* I would,' she replied; * altbougb a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?' "* I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how' and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as he saw the troubled expres sion in the girl's face. " Then 1 spoke,— "' I have a whole section to myself,' I said,1 and I always prefer the upper berth; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for I had never slept in one before, but "she was pretty enough and" unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. " I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the Enow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. " I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by w hich I could discover who she was, where she was going, nr wliv she was travelling alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I wa9 deep in my book. "' I've got to do it,' I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe "he knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied was she with her own thoughts. " In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself,— " They must never find him about me. It would spoil ail, and I would never—' "I lost the next two words, but they sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. 1 turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a picture. As near as I could make out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling lips. "She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under cover of ber handker chief. "After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. "' Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel 1' I thought; and yet it didn't seen like that. It was to* serious; like a parting forever. " In a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. "' Will yon please open the window V she asked. ' I have something to throw away.* "Idid as she wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. "'Now that is over the ntat will be comparatively easy,' she said tins time to me. "' What will be easy,' I ventured. "1 Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,1 she replied. * 1 suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death when "' LiTe 1.1 always be easy for one as young as ..-elf,' I said, gallantly. " She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly,— "' Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the ' has been' ' too sweet to last j but now— well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.1 And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak In monosyllables. " At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and X shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. " There was a little, scraggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a c'ail! as I looked j at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. 1 thought. I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth belowt" I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. All my senses were abnormally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-band fight to see which of ns should save the pretty girl, and daring oar struggle she had been crushed under the car. " I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car. In ths morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had becu all night, the girl had not yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was very near my stopping-place—I could not go without saying good-by. The porter passed though. 1 called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. " He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lasbes resting tbick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart—ah ! there was no action there. She was dead! " By her side was a bottle half-filled with landanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. " I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why sbedid it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station." The major smoked violently for a few moments. " But where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. " ' " The ghost 1" he said, with a suggeslion of passion in his voice, which 1 had never heard there before ; " she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have ; haunted me more or Jess ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will aiiow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic storv. " I am never on d uty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was—you will Bay an illusion, a fancy—I call it her ghost. " How many times have I wished that in gome way I bad gained possession of that man's picture. 1 would have pasted them together if it had taken half a Lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had done. Ye9, wrong, for I know that in some, way he had driven her to her death. Per- ; haps that is why ][ have never married. 1 can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who conld be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but cnce; she was not even a name to me; of herself, her character, I know nothing, and Ijam called a man of the world. "And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion,"! sin happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her— spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to fling soft arms about my neck, to tei3S me with tcndcrest lips. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you ca'i faintiy understand bow much reality there can be ven in a ghost." The major had gained complete Control of limself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and he bad always been, as they a; ways wonld be, strangers. 