feet t our fses have climbed ile many of us ushine we have '5ople enjoying old fools trying S d of false hair, a put on airs; S ecember being ex S l the month just is? certain!y Warm res i odr gr ates tion. In the ro j oflBroad Is it true, S ha our part sat schpwere so overjoyed at the defeat of Mr ya11in4 ck htig 'or neid for a ea oinking the rng .tea ne 't rao any whisky, but it mattered little asall professed to be cverto of m Harrisou Lee. Is it true, Sir, that the pilots of our elsty deep were sn overjoyed at the defeat of lr Hugh it Reid for a seat on the Maine Board, that they positively dressed their schooners in big tip top gala fashion ? Naughty pilots Why not return good fi r evil! It is not British to kick a man when he is down. Hugh R. will pay you off for this some day. He has had his hour, and strutted the stage; he says he means to have it again. Next time he will put on t more canvas, and look out that the pilot schooners or their crews are not in the fair way. 'Ir friend "Oriel" in the Arqui, writing of this little episode in Mr Reid's life, says :-The Marine Beard, as everybod knows, consists--a- body of noble, self sacrificing men, wo bring to the disc?ssion of the marine affas of toris those fine constant studyof ledgers, and come to perfection in the breezy atmosphere of the counting-house. When a couple of vacancies t occurred on the board lately, one of the retiring members was vehemently opposed I when he sought re-election, because it was felt that it was not right for him to be called upon to do so much for his country, and that b someone else ought to be given a chance to p practise the virtue of self-abnegation. But Mr H. R. Reid was obdurate. Was he not in his younger days familiar with the interior ti of the pilot office, and had he not in that position learned to love those that go down to the sea in ships and direct mail steamers, d without the use of tug boats, into deep , waters? No one could be better fitted than himself to teach the board its duty, and, 1 secure in this conviction, he anchored himself c, in whathe firmly believed to be good holding o ground. But the winds of controvery grew n and the tempestsof disapprobation increased, cl and in a twinkling the staunch vessel was quits at sea. The pilots who are used to ia little jobs like this, had in fact dimply taken the barque H. R. Reid out and brought in , the clipper ship E. . Parker. They are so much please with themselves too, that they have made no charge at all for their trouble. "Itrwas quite simple," said one of them in describing the maceure afterwards, "but, of course, we had touse a tremendous lot of canvass." An inventive American woman has paten- t] ted a "means for detecting the unlawful opening of the common gummed envelopes." It is according to the fitness of things that a feminine mind should take up this branch of n the detective business, for women still re- c main, in spite of the spread of the good manners which should attach to modern civilization, the greatest sinners as regards the vile crime of nefariously opening corres pondence not intended for their eyes. But I the invention hardly goes far enough. In b some circumstances it may be enough to f know that an envelope has been opened surreptitiously to fix the culprit, but not 0 always, andths patent consistingin "placing I on the inner side of the flap of the envelope . a small device in a sensitive ink or substance which is stable when dry, but will spread on being moistened," will not tell who did the dirty work--only that it has been done, which is likely to be merely vanity and I vexation of spirit and an aggravatton of the injury. Besides, what about the corres pondence that sometimes "goes down to the geat deep in ships ?" At any rate the C nowledge that some such device does exist a may act as a warning to would-be spies. The Trades Hall is keeping unusually quiet in the face of there being 15,000 names S registered on the books of the State Labor c Bureau, while hundreds of unemployed in a adjacent provinces are steadily bearing down aMelbournewards, scenting the jobs within prospective possibilities, which a complex- n new railway extensions, the building of the improved police offices, and other Govern ment undertakings, will shortly offer. The sole object of solicitude at the moment is the practice of the City Corporation, which is in I the habit of obtaining its supply of bluestone h from the gaols on economical grounds. This, t] it is argued, is simply putting a tax upon honesty, but the Government declines also on the basis of economic considerations to maintain prisoners in idleness or in unprofit- je able works at the expense of the taxpayers N generally. A niods rirendi is, however, not difficult to arrive at. Let the proceeds of C all criminal labor be sold by public auction, a and in this way no unfair competition could t] arise whereon to peg compleints. This is C the course pursued in many of the states of America, and it was mainly on account of the exceptional procedure adopted in Ten- d nesse, where convicts were hired out at a reduced rates to private mining companies, r that a blood thirsty revolt of the workless free miners plunged that locality into a veritable pandemonium. Every day I feel more convinced that we m?st look to the soil to lift us out of our troubles. Trade in our cities, of every description, is overdone. The competition i every line is too great, and the honest I trader cannot exist unless he keeps pace s withhislessscrupulouscompetitor,and "'goes a hung" every now and then to the tune of a copper in the £. If the same amount of I labor, caital, and energy, that is spent in I huandredsaye thousands,of cases in our cities were laid out in the country on small hold ings,from say 50 acres upfwards, there would Me better returqs, more omfort and Illenty i apart from the enjoyment of health, happiness and independence in that every man would "rest under Ihis own fig tree, not troubled with bum bailiffs or rogue com petitors. In my wanderings through this, still to my mind, great, young country, I find that the butter factories and creameries are causing a great revolution in farming, and the returns are not only larger from small and large estates, but more prompt .and not cut down or curtailed by the hand- c ing of middle men. I know farmers in the g district 'from where I asm writing that draw from £5 to £30 a week from the creamery. Mr Donald Ferguson junr., of Flowerdale, I not far from Broadford, is one of them, and generally tops the score. Dairying now is I pretty well brought to a science. All a man o has to do is to buy a piece of land, ao prding to his means, if he it not inp 4'positlon to I pirehase let him lease,'and with say ten or 1 twelve cows, make a start; see that a bit of Crop is put in for the winter; raise a few pigs ard calves on the return milk from the creamery for which he is charged a farthing a gallon. " The pigs are tile hoys that pay the rant" and the yog stock in due course w iiltake the place of their parents. I ad a few hunreds or thdnsands that I dig pat know what to dowithy just now I should nivepst it in bro?d arei. Land cannot possibly' remain long at its present market rate. I know of a farm in the North Eastern district, 46 miles fromn Melbourne, three miles from a railway station, and creamery that recently changed hands at £2 os an sare. you may say but what sort! I reply good graing land, that will carry more than a heep to the acre all the year 'round.. I have walked over it and know what I am talking about. You wealthy men of Wil isamatown. now is your time. Instead of hoarding up the coin in the banks at four or five per cent. launch out in broad acres. There is no " bursting up," your security is beyond doubt, and in a few years the outlay will beodbubled. In the meantime you can let younproperty for a higher rate of interest thah the baiars giving you. "I am not a -igi' ', lit I am prepared tb make one of a company oa ipy £10o shares for investment in broad acres iwithin 50 miles of the metro polis I care not in what direction, pro vided the land is suitable for dairy farming. Dear Wan&rcr;, the C~,'oniidc has just arrived. In looking over it I came toa paragraph under the heading of "Should women preach" tp which I should like to d~rewonr. attention. In starting,let me say' c.neithercoded. ~ rcommel mymtis ifihr0 bt~r o~i h\\( to i ll? t? ? ; down hm alone the light she has. lng is this,--Speaking ing, you say, "I now t. Paul Wsct at it...b... ......but St. Paul wrote in es different to ours.................besides e great and learned apostle wasa bachelor." Now Mr Wanderer don't you think it should make us very careful m expressing our opinions as being opposed to St. Paul, if we remembered that St. Paul was but the in strument used of God to tell us His mind? In 2nd Timothy 3rd chapter verse 16, we read,- " All (not some)-All scripture is given by inspiration of God." What Paul or Peter might choose to write of their own accord might or might not influence us much, but when we consider that it was God the Holy Ghost who gave every word, surely it becomes us to bow our heads and listen. I should like to write more about this, but per haps it is better not: I just ask the Lord to use the few simple words to make you care ful. I think you would grieve to say any thing dishonouring to Him; you did It with out thought. It is very kindof you to listen politely to what I have to say. With kind regards, believe me ever yourssincerely, A SISTER IN TIIE FAIT.L" It is very kind of my " dear sister in the faith" to write thus; but it would have been much fairer had she finished the quotation from Timothy, and added "and is profitable for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness." Paul was writing to Timothy warning him against the enemies of tfle truth, and had to use strong language. I don't mean to say that the bible writers were not inspired men, but at the same time I am doubtful that erery r ord from Genesis to Revelations is inspired. St. Paul himself says "I am speaking of myself" or from myself at one time in his writings. Most men and women are more or less in spired at times. If I, when walking down the street, see a poor beggar in want of food pr clothing and put my hand in my pocket tndadminister relief, I am inspired to do it, icontend, by something higher and nobler 4tl I possess. In like manner I might go o quotipg eases of inspira?ion. I am not an advocate for women holding forth on the pl~tIoror in the pulpit, but, as I contended in my article last isue " Should women -psob aa," 'womaui-narCdttcr edueated-sad know more now than in St. Paul's time of writing, and if inspired to preach or teach the Master's message, who dare stop them ? A nervous feeling always comes over me when I hear or see a woman stand up in a public place to speak; caused not from disappro. bation, but dread of her breaking down and burlesquing the seriousness attached to the part she plays. If my " sister in the faith" will read her bible carefully she will find that women have preached. Mary preached; the Woman of Samaria preached, in that she went abroad and sermonised "Come and see a man which told me all things that ever I did. Is not this the Christ ?" Women we are also told, prophesied in those days. There are between 300 and 400 religions based on the bible. They all claim to be correct. Is it worth ''the candle" to split over straws? There is too much religion now-a-day. The curse of our so- called christianity is fighting and squabbling over matters not essential for salvation, but calcu lated to fog still more our puny intellects and drive men and women to despair, rather than serve Christ and walk in His footsteps.. 