THE OLD HOUSE OF DUNTHE1M. A STUDY IN PSYCHOLOGY. CHAPTER I. MVRTKKY. BY GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of " Leaves from the Log of a Gentleman Gipsy, The mansion house of Duntheim is a very old one, and its position, high up on a bold and •wooded cliff by the banks of the Wye, is singularly romantic and beautiful. The river beneath gees winding in and out, as if loath to leave so lovely & country; broadening out here, so that its waters scarce cover the boulders and pebbles that form its bee ; narrowing there and swirling, deep and sullen, between black walla of rock, and anon forming clear brown pools Moved of the angler, and beloved too by lovers whose boat may rest in peace under the green arms of overhanging trees. Verily a iuhanning stream is the nver Wye ! I had at first but seen a photograph of Duntheim in the portfolio of my friend Jackeon, who had lately fallen heir to a few handy thousands. "Oh ! by the way, Gordon," he said, as he noticed my looks of interest and admiration, "I've taken that old place for the autumn and winter months. Yes, it is a curious craze of mine, but after all these years of struggle and toil in business there is nothing I do so much desire as a few months of perfect rest. Drop down and see me though. I shall be all alone, «xoept for the one or two friends like youreeJf I shall keep importing. You can have \- moma some shoofing ana fishing always. So promise." / - I promised. And September saw my friend and I seated ' by our two selves in the antique, low-ceilinged :. dining-room, overlooking the green glen and the wooded banks of the winding Wye. Duntheim must have been built in trouble- • some times, for the lower windows, with the exception of those of the dining-room, which : Opened Frenoh fashion on to a pretty veran- ' dab, were closely barred. Sheer down over a • precipice you could look from this verandah to tbe river is dark surface. Trees even far beneath clinging to the rocks, many of them torn uid battered with tbelightning, and round these cm this still delightful evening the rooks kept Aiivlieeline and cawing, I dont know whence Jackson imported his ervanta, but they were strangely in keeping with the antiquity of the place. A quiet and ^tidy.maid servant waited at table; but here -' too was an old, old butler, so quaintly respect' «ble in dress and in manners that he seemed to .Jure stepped out of one of the many large jud ancient pictures with which the walls were gfe-j,; iung. We had had a good day on the stubble, and g mde good bags, and I at all events felt comppfort&bly; tiled, just in fonn to enjoy a good «3inher, with a quiet talk and smoke to follow. fppRTe Sat oditm the verandah while the shadows gS;«rf_ eveninjt deepened and deepened over the '••, wild landscap j^piUihy of my friend save the red tip of his iiugeoigar. Then, as the night winds began to and moan through the pines below we cietired within to the cosiness of the drawing- 4 jDobm, and easy chain before a fire that looked r :>«B cheerful as the face of an old and valued riehd. Silently and on tiptoe came the maid at last . trith the good old-fashioned candlesticks. ''fin putting you in the tower bedroom," ,piud Jackson, laughing; I know you like to go •jdoft, and you will see the sunrise over the -Wye Woods, if you are awake in time." 5~"'Ihopo " he added, " that you won't see a ghost." ";'/ "Psychology," I said with a smile, "is a favourite study of mine, and I really wouldn't snind seeing a ghost." "WeU," he replied, "that would be the laked truth at all events." The turret chamber to which my friend conducted me was octagonal in shape, but roomy -—Tod 1 capacious, both walls and ceiling were of panelled oak, which but for the few nt pictures that hung here and there, the heeriul Ifire and the bed with its snow-white ery would have lent an air of Jeloom to my jundings. The room had evidently been as a study at one time. Yonder was an n'bookcase and near it a table at which > one must have been wont to write in the « days of old. jwlisankinto the low chair near the fire after on left me, and should soon have fallen > bud I aot roused myself and prooeded to v &y; laBt act before retiring was to draw up beplinds of the eastern window, for high over the dreamy woods a bjg round moon was ! "^•'ng, sad I wanted its rays to lighten up the j ?>Not a sound was there to be heard out of j Bor in. Hie most complete silence reigned nd this strange old house of Duntheim. I 1 b have fallen into a sleep as sweet and deep that of. childhood the moment my head . _ eesed the pillow. ' p^Bow,; long I slept I know not, but I awoke Ignite suddenly. No, not with a start, it was strangest awakening ever I have ex- _ enced. I seemed all at once to be restored i7«amplete consciousness and perfect mental -^yity. The room was quite flooded with moonlit ; I could scarce believe it was night and bdav. . Something caussd me to tum my _ id Mid look towards the fireplace. A morsel f ooal Ithink had fallen on the fender. The »W»s wasptill burning, but was] somewhat ll^foron the hearth and on thesmall chintzpvered easy-chair, the moon's rays fell with uubuhJ brightness. ~ ", mercy on me! some one was sitting in n't know that I started, though a man of J temperament. I have never felt fear B when presence of mind was neoessary Vfiafety. Besides, there was nothing startlinp rcterror-Btriking about, the being who sat Quite the reverse. A lady of fragile but young and very, very beautiful, pensive melancholy in her up-turned eyes ay, it was more, it was grief—actual grief, v teara trembled on her eyelids — added than detracted from her singular ( WjWneredid die come from! What was she ' yg there? Could she be aware of my pres- j SJJWm I dreaming? I must be I thought. ' Ddistmctly remembered as one does remember ^ even in a dream, having bolted my door eietirbg. Still, if dream it was, it was a >ly real one, and it had complete possbsaion fine. I"or the time being I was spell. I gazed long and wonderingly klthe figure. I almost feared to move lest she braid disappear. As I looked she slowly rose ad glided or walked towards the oaken-table. &ta; touch, it seemed, some secret drawer flew " ten, and somewhat to my horror now, the By extracted therefrom a curious" dagger haped knife. It fell from her fingers audibly ' gh next moment, and with a moan thaj noet fi CT7 tbe lady fled towards a door Ti&W; of 'A' rdr of the chwbcr whiih I had otbefore noticed. There was less light here, f.I could distinctly seethe door open, the nter and disappear. ang out of bed and quickly lit my 31©. fshall find aclue to the mystery now, t all evente. Hurriedly throwing on a dressing-gown, ' ht in hand, I rushed towards the mysterious i-How stiff it was ! It did not appear to have i opened for ages, and when it did at lash 1, the hinges cracked and creaked. Bat on ring I found myself not as I had expected Mother apartment, but at the foot of a iron staircase that led to the roof, ffot even a cat could have hidden itself here, toT hastily followed the steps and soon stood * ht out on the turret top and in the moon- _bt flood. ^Around the roof was a kind of embattled para- Sjpet, but I looked in vain for her I had expected sfpsee. No one was here, nothing was here Sekoept a half-rotten flagetaff, from which years years ago a flag may have floated. I bed to the south side of the tower, where beneath the wooded precipice stretches |Slown, down, down to the darksome river. But sly that was the flutter of a white garment pending over the greenery. Yes, I could If&oti; be mistaken, and in a few seconds it eachee the water and is swallowed up. 'Tor the first time I now experienced a i'Jktrange but unmistakable sensation of snper- " BtitionB dread. I cast one brief glance around . met then, candle still in hand, slowly descended, t,~*nd was glad when I once more stood in my f.'«wn room. 1K1 carefully o examined the oaken- table,' but lid find no signs of a secret spring or drawer. IfBetting more and more bewildered and feeling lrowey now, I determined to once more seek ny couch and try to sleep. I would not extinguish the candle, however, had now a child-like dread of being left alone . Jn the darkness, or in the moonlight, which *" fas even worse than darkness. I fell asleep at last. I believe I tell asleep "ith a half-formed intention of seeking instant adience of my friend Jackson in his own (joom. }v I remember thinking of this as soon as I |4»woke, and found it broad daylight. • -- But there stood the candlestick on the table '•" where I left it, the candle burned down to th* |ii?socket. All thoughts of saying a word to '<&3ack£on about my strange experiences wore ^-instantly banished when I entered the cheerful rtakfaat-room, and my eyes rested on my tiend's laughing face. Here was a breakfast fit for a prince. How g.jddightfuUy sweet the new-laid eggi? and l il toasted bacon; how brown and fragrant the 15;tea, and the huge plate of boiled mountain rout. Why, verse alone could depict tneir nerite 1 ' Presently the maid brought in the letterpbajr, and nodding apologetically to me. .Ja"kt commenced to investigate the content?. "Oh," he said, as his eyes scanned the pages of a business-looking letter. " How annoying! Just as a fellow is getting settled. To town I must hie this very forenoon. You won't mind, will you, old man ?" "I'll be sorry to lose you," I replied, "even for a day, but I can shoot, and lish, and read, you know, and besides" I said no more. I had been thinking of that turret-chamber, and the mysterious table which I determined to examine most thoroughly, even should I have to knock it to pieces. But 1 ceased speaking for another reason, for just at that moment an ice-cold wini seemed " to stir my hair.'' I would not have looked behind me for the world. I caught sight of my face in the glass, however, and it was strangely pale and drawn. Jackeon's eyes were rivetted on his letters. He saw nothing]. I quietly lit a cigar asd strolled out through the French window that led to a lawn. A rcs3 lawn, and late though it was, roses were blooming here now, on this crisp, clear autumn morning. A thrush was making melody ring from an adjoining thicket. A gardener lad was mowing the grasp and singing low to himself as he moved along at his work. Everything around me, indeed, seemed to speak of and to breathe of the purely matter-of-faot, the purely physical, as if psychics and mystery were things unknown. I felt half ashamed of myself now, and inclined to put everything down to the workings of a semi-fevered brain. Yet do what'I might I could not altogether shake off from my mind the feeling of the supernatural that had apparently taken possession of it. In cases of this kind one must have some one or some creature to talk to, should it be but a dog or a cat. But here was the gardener boy, certainly, of somewhat higher mental calibre than any quadruped. I approaehed, and addressed him betwenths whiffs of my favourite weed. " Been here long, my lad ?" "Wot, at Duntheim, sir? Ay, that I ha>, and my father afore me and his un and his un." " Any of them alive, lad?" "Any which ?" "Why, the ancient parties you talk of." " Well, sir, father ain't ancient. Grand-da do be a bit dotty at times, though. Sich a filiv old chap, you'd laugh to see him. Ha! ha ! ha ! But why, as sure's as I'm aloive that be he coughing on t'other side o'ch' 'edge, yonder." I went in the direction indicated, and a footpath led me through the shrubbery till I found myself right on the cliff top and face to face with a very tiny mummy of an old man, who was resting on a rustic seat. "Good morning,- father/' I said. He turned his red and bleary eyes towards me. "Same to you. sir," he piped, "and many on 'em, stranger though ye be." I placed a handful of cigars in his shiny claw, and we found friends at once. Then I sat down beside him, and we got into conversation. I drew him on and on, from the natural to the supernatural, and many a strange story I e, got till out of at him last about (I ghost could and see goblin. He came to the point at last, as I knew he would. He stretched his parchment fingers towards the turret-chamber of Duntheim. "See the tower yonder?" he croaked. "See it, sir, high and grey? Tweren't in my time, so I says nothing fer certain. O, I wouldn't lie to you on the brink o' the grave. But father said, sir, there were a murder done up yonder— an ugly murder. She was beautiful and he was jealous. Oh, it were an awful deed. But tell me, sir, for my eyes are dim and misty. D'ye see a red soattered mark all along from the tower to the ground ?" "I see some lichen growing there," I answered, evasively. " It's blood, sir, it's blood, and all the storms that ever raged around tbe old tower never could wash it out either. It's her blood; it's the bonnie lady's blood ; and" "Hullo, old man! wherever have you got to ?" It was Jackson's voice, and next moment ho was with us. " I'm off. lad. Come and see the last of me, and I'll promise not to stay long away." There was a heartiness about Jackson's every mood and movement that never failed to banish m"ilaucholv, and PS T hurried away with him towards the station I was soon laughing as loud as he was. For the time being ghosts, mystery, and murder were all forgotten. Only for a time, however. CHAPTER II. MADNESS. About two honrs after my friend left I stole upstairs to my turret room on tiptoe. I felt as midnight thieves must feel; and yet I was only going to investigate a mystery, or try to. The room was arranged. For that I was thankful, and once more I bolted the door. My privacy must be most perfect. I betook myBelf first to the turret roof. I remembered the decayed old flagstaff; it was there just as I had seen it in the moonlight. And nere were the imprints of naked feet in the dust of this upper deck. They were my own, but there were no other. I once more gazad fearfully over the parapet, down, down, to the brown river far beneath. Again that strange, ice-cold wind stirred my hair, and I drew back with a shudder, as a feeling—not uncommon under such circumstances—that I might possibly be led to leap over took possession of me. Descending once more the spiral staircase, I proceeded most carefully to examine the oaken table. To all outward appearance it contained no secret drawer, and after searching in vain for a spring I struck my hand on the table by way of expressing my vexation, when, lo! at once from the side there opened a long, shallow ! drawer. ] A long, dagger-like knife and a small pile of I half-faded manuscript-. I brushed the dust from both and laid them on the table. Where, 1 I could not help wondering, does dust come : from in a ease like this? Once more making sure the door was bolted, I seated myself at the table and prepared to read. But first I must examine the blade of that knife. Those dark, rusty stains what could they be but blood ! The manuscript was in the form of a tale or pfory, It was simply headed— "ALONE." " Alone ! Yes alone now. Alone, as I have almost always been. Alone, as I ought tQ have been contented ever to remain. "What am I 1 about to write? Why 6hould T write anything ? toometh£~ seeing to imtxrl me. And yet no eye save mine must ever see these lines. To have j it otherwise would be to drag the dead from the grave. A sin has been committed. Nay, j but sins, and amply methinks have they been atoned for. I "But these lines in after years may help to bring back thr r.-ist to my mind, when age has rendered my i: ; n-r.v less green that it nowis. I might wronjr i;er else. Wrong her who for a time at least—an all too brief time—was to me 1 the only joy and brightness my life ever con- j twined. i " My very earliest recollections are those of f being alone. I scarce can remember my j parents; or if I do it is but as a dream. Th° 4 ' . was my mother, though, was it not, p* who»e knees I used to pray, having . some faint not«n P th 7 at ^ ^d none other was the San*^ and Mater Dcit that none CiseGonli be more pure and lovely. Inat Was ir.'y mother, who used to sit by my couch. 01 a summer evening crooning songs to mt, low and sweet till sleep sealed my eyelids. And that mnst have been my father—that tall and handsome man who carried guns and fishings-rode, and whose partings with mother used to be ever so tender. Ah! that was he too, that blood-dripping burden men bore home one day and laid in the library. The face was covered, and I think even now I can hear my mother's shrieks, Then things happened I could cot understand. There was a dark carnage at the hall door I know. There were many men in black, there was much weeping, much grief, then all was Btill in the house, and servants glided about like ghosts, cowed, frightened, silent. "But where was mother? Why did she leave me alone ? For days, for weeks, I often used to hear—coming from a certain room that my nurse would hurry me past as I was marched to my room—a voice strangely like, yet as strangely unlike my mother's. Strange talking, strange wild laughing, strange snatches of old- world lilts and songs. " Ah, me 11 know it now. Mother was mad.' Then I was taken on a journey, accompanied bv Kancv Blaine, my white-haired nurse. She was very kind to me. I wondered even then, what such extra kindness and pitying affection meant. " We returned in a week. Then I was no longer hurried past that door, and there were no more sad, wild lilts and strange sounds issuing tlierefrom. One day the door wai ajar. I peeped in. I entered. There was the silence of the very grave in that room. I was alone, oh, so much alone. A cold hand seemed to clutch my heart. 1 threw myself on the floor and wept. Would I could weep now as I wept tlirn. " And I never paw mother again. "I was an orphan and alone. I was rich, they told iiir. I was rich, or would one day if. l'ut what .-are! T for riohes. alone in tbi? pr.-j'r, hoi:fe. ] would have bartered ail away fiir «)!<; loving companionship of one of my own " I'.ut this v.'iip not to bn. I was to have TV) c!iii<ili*.r,'1, mi it gt- cmed to me. TUevo iirsc enn c to Duntheim a govonm=s and her maid. Ye.=, the governrss h.;d a maid. She was o!tl and sf-ven\ and I hatf-d her and her maid too fioni the [jvet. " F:ut she taught me, or protended to, ani for that I foul) had rea-on to ba thankful. I pret tily Ir-arr.'-d to n=ad, and bavins learned I felt s.orr.fwhat, lees alime in the library, where ' in Fdce windowpd rei.-e-s I used to sit for hours at a time, devouring the contends o c ol'- fafchior.cd HOVSIF. " That library was to me a little' world all in itself, peopled too with beings of another age. I used to wish, however, that the carpet had not been so thick and soft. The silence of the old house was saddening, and I longed at times to hear even the sound of my own footfall. But no voice or sound was ever heard in that rocm, save the cawing of the rooks on the tree-clad rocks beneath. No wonder I acquired the habit of talking aloud to myself, and even addressing myself in the second person. " I had one other little world to live in besides the library, but this was out of doors, lay garden world. The gardens around Duntheim are wide and wild. There was, too, a seeming wilfulness about every bush and tree that was quite in keeping with my thought?. Those bushes and trees cared nothing for the fe-jble old gardener and the lad who assisted him. The.y were rebels, and had long since thrown off the yoke of allegiance. " But they were inhabited. Oh. 4he chorus of wild-bird music that used to issue from the foliage and branches on a May morning. And I do think even now that every bird knew me. Ay, and every old-fashioned flower as well. I used to tell the flowers about all my lonesomeness and my weariness, and they seemed to listen and nod to me in silent sympathy. "I was growing up a tall, shy, and—yes, it may as well be said, an ungainly boy. I heard the servants sometimes say I was ugly. I look into the glass now as I write. Nay, I am not ugly, but plain, yet methinks that plainness is redeemed by the good nature and trustfulness that dwell in my eyes. " Once a year, no oftener, I was taken up to town, and much I marvelled at all I saw or heard Though the life I saw around me was not my life, nor were the people I mingled with a whit like the heroes that dwelt in the quiet old bbrary. I hated these people, ana longed to be back at Duntheim. And I hated the redfaced, white- haired baboon—they said he was my guardian—who used to seat me on a high office stool and glare at me through his goldrimmed glasses. "He had an idiotio way of repeating his words and sentences as if ie were trying to learn them by heart. He expected no answer from me, perched upon that high, hard stool, and he got none, only his scrutiny made me hot and uncomfortable, and I never Knew what to do with my legs and hands. "' A tall boy,' he would sny, 'yes, indeed, a very tall boy ! And growing every day too; growing every day of his life, I warrant you. Gawky and awkward, too; wants polish. Plain, to3, decidedly plain. Take him away, Miss Roberts, take him away.' " And I wa3 taken away and led to the railway station, and ,my spirits rose as I neared homo, and my garden, and my library. " So my childhood passed alone. " Then a tutor arrived, and Miss Roberts— smelling of lavender—kissed me starchilv, and went away. "My tutor was no companion. He spent most of his time on the river, and I was glad to be left alone. " The companionship of my books, my birds, and my garden beetles was never more welcome to me than just after a visit to town and an interview with the baboon. _ " But woe is me; my pleasant though lonely life was doomed soon to be broken up. I was gawky and awkward,' and my guardian thought it his duty to send me to school. "It was a heavily respectable one, though the pupils were few. Situated somewhere in the outskirts of London it was, though near to a densely populated neighbourhood. This choice seminary was walled in, and its grounds were quite 6elduded. We seldom went out beyond the boundaries, except for the stiff and conventional daily walk, but played cricket or other games in the grounds. '•Irefused to join, and the boys jeered at me. Perhaps they hated me for my plain and awkward looks, and for what thev were pleased to call my stuck-upiskness. "But I was not proud. I had a warm, loving heart in my bosom, and to more than one of these lads my affections would have gone forth like the tendrils of a vine. My innate shyness forbade, however. " So I kept aloof and alone. "They jeered me also because of my habit of talking to myself. " I must have been fully seventeen years of age now, though there were boys there still older. One of these, for no reason known to me, constituted himself my enemy from the very first. Strong though I was, he was my master, and bullied me on every available occasion. " I bore it all as patiently as I could; I even brought his things for him in the dormitory, and went messages to please him. t»" But matters came to a terrible crisis at last. "It was one day when we were left to our- Eelves in the schoolroom that Harrison shouted— "'Here, lout, drag off this boot of mine, there is a pebble hurting my foot.' " I felt my blocd begin to boil. ** 'I refuse,' I cried. "'Refuse?' he hissed, walking towards me. ' Refuse, you fool ? But you can't be a fool; your mother died mad J' " They say that people who slay see red ; but a mist was before mv eyes; I felt something in my hand—it was a large stone ink bottle. "Next moment there was a heavy fall and a moan, and blood was all about. "I fled. I was captured and brought ack before many hours. " * Yes,' I confessed, ' I struck Harrison, and I hope I have killed him.' " Harrison did not die. I am glad now that I was not guilty of his death. "But all that passed for the next three weeks was to me like a pained and racking dream. " There was a scene in a Court, I know. I know also that my guardian, the baboon, was my defender, and more than once I heard the words ' inherited insanity.' " Two days afterwards I found myself within the walls of a strange and silent hospital. "Silent, but not always silent, for even at midnight the stillness used to be broken by | eldritch howls and screams, that made my blood run cold. And oftentimes even by day, I could hear yells—yells of pains, accompanied by the horrid sound of the lash and gruff and brutal swearing. ; "Alone, now, eurely. i '' Alone for three long years. i " Then came a kindly-faced old doctor. I had never seen him before, but my heart went out to him at once, and one day while seated together 0D a wwden tench near the high brick garden-wall, I told him all my sad story. i " ' Awful! shameful!' he exclaimed. 'Why, J dear lad, you are as sane as I am myself? " In a month's time strange things had taken place, thanks to that kind old doctor. " I was free and back in Duntheim, in which place my guardian, the baboon, hnu besff ' living in clover at ay expense. He had been collecting my rents and spending the money freely ; not only on himself but his neighbours, j for his was a free house to friends from all ' quarters; and the stud of horsas ho kepi up was as good as any in thj, country. ! "This guardian of mine had really dropped into a fine t^ing. All his life he had been toilmp- moiii ng i n a dusty office in the din- : .jtne city. He had not known there was any such thing as really rural' pleasure till he took up his abode at Duntheim. He had now leased . to practise as a solicitor too, and it was well , known that he soon intended to lead to the : altar a beautiful young wife. "' What could ever move him ?' he thought, j Was I not secure in a mad-house? Mad I may i not have been when first incarcerated, but who j could live even a year in Bedlam without , becoming insane j " Oh, the madhouses are fearful places, fear-, ; ful, fearful ! j "Jnst one little plot I hatched, or rather it : was hatched betwixt the good doctor and me. I But I carried it out. My guardian then knew j nothing of my having recovered my freedom until I myself brought him the news. That was my revenge. " A great dinner was to take place at Duntheim, the honoured guest of the evening would be the lady my guardian intended soon to wed. " But a guest arrived that my guardian little expected. " It wanted but a quarter <•: an hour to the last dinner bell; all were lau^l-ing and chatting gaily in the dining-room, when my name was announced, and I entered in full evening costume, calm, and I believe, dignified looking. '"Surely, I thought, 'my guardian's eyes would start from their sockets,' as I quietly advanced towards him with outstretched hands. " He grewred, purple almost; foam appeared on his lips as he shouted at me. " ' Tis false ! 'Tis not he! He is mad, take him away ; take him away !' " I stood there smiling, but answered never a word. '' My triumph was complete. I had succeeded in spoiling at least one good appetite. Then I went away as quietly as I had come. *' But my guardian was made to disburse the rents he had collected during my cruel incarceration. Being unable to meet hi3 creditors' claims he was compelled to retire into private life—the private life of prison walls. What cared I? Why should I show mercy to the merciless wretcli who had sat down to enjoy life upon my living corpse. " I never saw the baboon again. " And now came the turning point in my strange and lonesome life." (To he continued.) A FAIB, BKACTTFCL SKIN.—Sulpholine Soap gives the natural tint and pc-:ic)j-liko Bloom of aperfect compit-xion, makes the Skin smooth, up pie, hfiaithy, conifer table. G<i. jV'il.v.s. everywhere. z33tha2 roi.n WEATHER. NKCKlVrtATS ami MlirlLKItS in endless variel v. •I I.E A VF.B, Gcnt'iimn's M-:r,-r .mil I niter, !9Sthsc .10, liing William-street. 