Local and General. Belanelo Public School.— On Friday last the public school at Belauglo broke up for tho Christ mas holidays when an entertainment took place in the school. After an appropriate 'address by Mr, Rosenthal tho follo»ving programme was gone through :— Overture, Matteis grand valse, cleverly anaprcciuy excciuea oy mis3 Kosenthal; recitation, ''A Legion Mt. St. Bernard,' Miss Annie Ward ; ' Up lads and at him,' recited with spirit by Honry Parmentcr j school song by pupils, 'Catch the sunshine' : recitation, ' Be careful what you say,' Miss Angel ; song, 41 The Gipsies' Warning,' Mrs. Cork ; recitation, 'Oh let me ring the bell.' H. Pelloticr ; duet, 'Fairy Voices,' Miss and Master Rosenthal ; song, ' Such is Life, Mre. Cork ; reci tation, ' Buy your own cherries.' Ernest Parmnn ter ; song by pupils, 'Merrily over the snow' ; recitation, ' A pair,' Miss May Thomas ; recitation, ' What I live for;' Stanley Burton ; duett, Miss and Master Rosenthal ; rccitation, 44 The wind,' C. Parmenler ; rccitation, 44 A surprise,' Miss Rose Barton ; duet, well rendered by Miss Thomas aud Miss Rosenthal ; song by pupils, ' Vacation comcs to-morrow' j recitation, ' Tho pretty birds,' Sydney Burton; 'Little blue eye' waltz, Miss Rose Barton ; piece of music by Miss Aunio Thomas 41 Little Birds.' God save tho Queen was sang at tho conclusion by the gathering. At tho Belauglo school picnic there were over 100 present and a very enjoyable time was spent. Orchard Robbing. - 3omo theives robbed Captaiu Walters' orchard cf all tho cherries on a great number of trees, and what is worse thoy stole tho mosquito nets that covered them to save them from tho birds. It is a pity such villains should bo let off unpunished. Sudden Death at Wild's Meadow-— On Friday last William Mason, aged 73 years, in the employ cf Mr, W. T. Sowell, Wild's Meadow, died suddenly. Constable Salo acquainted Mr. A. D. Badgery, who held an inquest upon the body. Dr. Nash deposed that he had mado a post mortem examination of the body and found it veiy much en.aciatcd aud not looked after as it should have been. Death lesulted from natural causes, to wit, heart disease. The jury returned a verdict in accordance therewith, The deceased was interred in the Burrawang cemetery. Tea Meeting and Social- — A tea meeting in aid of tho funds of tho Roman Catholic Church took placo at the School of Arts, Bowral, on Mon day ovnning,last, and proved a great success. Tho entertainmuent was undor the careful guidance of Miss Macbeath, to whom special praise is due for her indefatigable efforts to make tho affair a suc cess. The other ladies on the committee, who also did good work, were: — Mrs. King, Miss Dywer, Miss Burns, Miss Fitzgerald, Mrs. Brown, Mrs. J. Rice, Miss N. Rice, and others. About 150 sat down to tea, including many of the leading resi dents of tho district. Tho tables presented a very attractive appearance, being profusely decorated with flowers and heavily laden with edibles of all descriptions. Tho hall being cleared, somo 100 couples indulged in dancing until au early hour to the lively attains of Messrs. Vincent and Wright (piano and violin). Imported Stock Act.— In accordance with tho provisions of the above act, the importation of sheep, fodder, or stock fittings from New Zealand into this colony, is prohibited for a period of 12 mouths from the 18th instaut, Diseases in Sheep Act.— The annual contri bution to tho expenses of the abovo act, by Btock owners, lor tno year nas been reduced from £1 to 5s. per 1000 sheep. A Critic on Cricket.— The Eecnwg Xcws. says 'tho Governor is a critic on cricket.' Let our young readers try to say this rapidly throo times running, and anyone who can bring satisfactory evidence that he or she succeeds shall bo presented with abound copy of our collected works— wheno published. It reminds one of tho old catch, also te bo said rapidly threo times — Three gray goes ! walked up a groon reed ; Green grass, gray geeao WORTH REMEMBERING.— The attention of advertisers is called to tho fact that tho Scrutineer is the oldest established journal between Sydney ai)d Qonjburn. It has a circulation of more that four to ono oyep of tho other papers published n tho dUtiiot, Held Over.— Report of Monday night's concert aud other items aro crowded out till next issue. School of Arts Bazaar.— This afternoon the bazaar in aid of the dchool of Arts funds will open. Every effort has been put forth to cusuro success, Tho various stalls will ho laden with (goods and it is the intention of the fair stall-holders to see that fair value ia given for fair goods, and that no exorbitant prices aro asked. There will he music and other amusements. The Mayor will perform the open ing ccrcniony. The Christmas Holidays and the Stores.— A3 will be seen by advertisement, the Moss Vale storekeepers have agreed to close their establish ments on Monday and Tuesday next. Protestant Alliance sports.— a no committeo havo arranged the following addition to the pro gramme for New Year's Day : — Married mau'o racc, 100yds,, handicap ; first prize a silver mounted bis cuit barrel; second, a trophy; entrance la Gd. Entries for tho first two events a3 advertised to be in the secretary's hands by Saturday next. Pclo.-A polo match was played at Bowral on Saturday last between the Goulburn and Bowral teams. The Goulburn players were Messrs. Camp* bell, Gibson (captain), Austin do Laurct. Dudley Gibson, and Huthwaite, Bowral was represented by Messrs. C. B, Fairfax, Colin Stephen, A. B. Patcraon (captain), and Mowbray Forc3t. Patcrson won tho toss for his side. Bowral won by 4 goals to 3\. Tho play was very fast all through, but both | sides wero wanting in organised play. For the I wiuncrs Forrest played splendid at back hitting jackhandcra on cither side of his pony with great lccuracy. The Goulburn players showed splendid horsemanship, their team being nearly all well known amateur riders. They have only been playing polo about a third of the time their opponents have been nt it, and with a little more knowledge of the game, will he as good a3 any in New South Wales. Captain Cholmondelcy, A.D.C., was solo umpire and gave every satiafactoon. A return match will bo played at Goulburn about the time of the Taranna Picnic Races. Masonic Installation at Vobertson.— On Monday evening last the annual installation of officers took placo at the Masonic Lodge, Robert sou. There was a good attendance of visitors, The Moss Vale Lodge was represented by Bros. Aland, Bailey, Hnddin, Richardson, Salmon, and VVanen. Bro. Puph and others visited from Bowral. Bro. Pugh was tho installing officer. Bro. R, G. Ferguson was installed as Master. At the conclusion of the ceremony of the installalion an adjournment was made to Mullens' Hotel whero a good spread had been laid by Mrs. Mullen. The usual loyal and other toasts were proposed and duly responded to and altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. Brj. Bailey con tributed a rattling sea song; Bro. Warren, 'I'll hang my harp on a willow tree Bro. Aland, 14 Eight hour Day,' and tho 44 Agricultural girl.' Bro. Spiccman sang a story about ghosts and also related in song as to the ' Building and baking of a cake.' Our informant cannot give us the speech verbatim of Bro. Spiccman when that gentleman returned thanks as one of the visiting brethren for Joadja. Bro. Warren responded for Moss Vale, and a brother from Bowral for Bowral brethren. A vote ot thanks to- tliS Host and Hostess was heartily accorded. Bowral School of Arts.— ^ The monthy meeting of the committee was held on Tuesday evening. Present : Dr. Fisher (chair), Dr. Morgan. Messrs. M. Rico, A. J. Turner, F. Riddles, T. C. Brown, H. L. Davis, and R. A. Dobbin (sec.) The librarian reported that 10 new members had joined since last- meeting. The sum of 10s 3d had beon deposited in the reading-room box. He had been lip a great many nights during tho year, and asked a bonus. Mrs. Debenham had kindly given 14 books. Accounts amounting to £22 19s 4d were passed, The Dowral Band asked for a reduction ou tho account for rent of hall for their concert. — Reduced to 15s, in consideration of services rendered by the band at the conversazione. ? Mr. A, T. Turner reported tho following Conversazione account : Receipts £44 0s Sd ;*Exppuditure, £15 Gs 7d ; Paid into bank, £2S 14s Id. Tho thanks of the committeo were accorded to Messrs. Dobbin, Turner, and Roylance for their zeal in the affair, which was acknowledged. A vote of thanks was civen to Mrs. Debenham for the handsome donation of 14 books. The Governor.— On to-morrow night Lord and Lady Jersey accompanied by His Excellency M. Laffon, Governor of New Caledonia, will return to Sutton Forest to spend Christmas. ' On Tuesday following Lord Jersey will entertain some two or threo hundred newsboys and others members of tho Boy's Brigade, in Government Houso Grounds, Sydney. Sudden Death.—A sudden death took place at Mount Murray East Kangaloon on Wednesday. Miss M'Guinness, aged 17, in passing through tho bush found a clock, reported as stolen by the burglar Shaw, at present under committal at Moss Valo. She duly reported the matter to the police, and fearing from neighbours* conversation that she might be mixed up in the matter, took a series of hysterical fits, which developed into fever, aud which, dsspit&'the efforts of Dr. Nash, quickly ended in death . ?' Races. — A day's racing will take placo on Mon day next, Boxing Day, when the liberal programme of the Wingecarribee Race Club as advertised in our paper will bo gone through. A big attendance is anticipated. Public Notice- -In order to give our staff the full benefit of the Christmas holidays the Scrutineer of next Weduesday, (Dec. 2S,) will not be published until 11 o'clock on that day. Advertisements will bo received until 12 o'clock on Wednesday morn* ing. Certainly the best medicine know is SANDER and SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, cclds, in fiuenza ; the relief is instantonous. In serious oases and accidents of all kinds, bo they wounds burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains it is tho safest j remedy — no swelling — 110 inflammation. Late, uprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of tho lungs, swellings, ! &c.;, diarrhcea, dysentry, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and clinics all over the world ; patronised by His Majesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma tic Internaitonal Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust to an approved article and reject all others. Public Notice. — Mr. Sibcrfc, photographer, in thanking the public for their kind patronage, begs to announce that as he has weathered the winter, he has determined to remain, and his travel ling photo waggons are now traversing the different districts, aud will visit every homestead, farm, etc., iu rotation. Await his arrival. Photos at greatly reduced prices. Cabinet size — 15s per dozen, 9s per half-dozen; C.D.V. size— 10s Gd per dozen,. 6s Gd per half-dozen. AU work beautifully enamelled i and guaranteed satisfactory, Mr. Sibert has a large ' stock of picture frames and mouldings cheap at his studio, Bowral. — Advt. 