e1 PIESTBYTERIAN ClUIRCII. ,e , e The anniversary of this churchm was n brought'to a successful conclusion on .s Tuesday evening, when a large num bf her assembled to,partake of a very nicely laid tea, which was presided over by tile following ladies:-Mes. F. dames M'Alpine, D. Campbell, Miller, Clarke, Miliigan and Sligh ; and the Misses Wilson, Hagans, Neilson, e, Pope, Burton and Campbell. b After the hall had been cleared and i re-seated, the public meeting was opened by the usual devotional exer cises. The Rev. J. G. Wilson, pastor . of the church, expressed his pleasure at seeing so many present to rejoice at. the completion of another year of church work. Ile did not know a year in which difficulties had not been met with, but sometimes they came thicker and bigger, and most people . had had a larger crop than usual during the past year. It would be some thing remarkable to say they, as a church, had not experienced any. But difficulties were things to be got 6 over, and brought out any true metal 3 and grace within them. They were all prone to get proud, and were the better of a knock down occasionally. He looked upon the present gathering as an indication that the future was not all dark, or failure at every point. Business people said tihe times were hard, and probably this had an effect on the church; but the depression may lead all to take care of the little things, with the result that these dull times might prove beneficial. He trusted that the congregations would keep good, at least -while the fine weather lasted, and that there would be an improvement in this respect during the year on which they had entered. Mr. Wilson then indulged in what he termed a "word of ex hortation," but what many considered as straight out hitting from the shoul der atthose who neglect public wor w ship. e A duet, "The Sea of Glass," was splendidly rendered by Miss and Mr. J. S, Milligan, both of whom are old favorites. This was followed by , a solo by Miss Downie, whose clear, flute-like voice would have been heard to better advantage had the lady stood on the platform and faced the audience. Miss Lloyd played the accompaniments. Mr. Haynes, of Moe, sang, "Angels ever bright and fair," Miss Ross played the accompaniment. The singer is possessed of a good voice, and was loudly applauded for his rendition of this beautiful solo. The Rev. A. J. Wade, of Rosedale, was then called upon, and stated that if ever Mr. Wilson left Traralgon, he hoped he would go to where there was no railway, as it was a kind of bete oirt, whenever they met on a platform the railway intruded itself. After alluding to a place where there was no railway, Mr. Wade went on to say that lie looked upon the present meeting as a representative one, and he was not. only glad the differat churches helped one another, but hoped they would continue to do so. He intended saying a word on the signs of the.times as relating to the church, and.he must say he thought well of the Christian church at the present time. Almost the last word Spurgeon had uttered was that he thought well of the world and the c church; and he would express the same opinion, because the church was I beginning to understand the signs of the times, and raise herself to them. The condition of tihe poor was be- i coming one of the leading questions, and the speaker went on to refer to the meetings held in Melbourne, and o paid a high tribute to Dr. Bevan for the stand he had taken in not address ing a meeting where the socialistic flag was unfurled. The church was not only rising to the troubles of the poor, but also the position which i wealth should occupy, and the re- t sponsibility which rested on those whom God had endowed with worldly goods. Andrew Cardigan had saiditwas a shame for a man to die a millionare, andhe was glad to hear such expressions of opinion, and to learn that wealthy individuals were beginning to realize their responsibility. The day was past when the man who did the preach ing must also do the bulk of the work outside. A great deal of it had to be done by the laymen, who by their life and conduct could forward the cause of Christ. Mr. Wade alluded to different works carried on, and said that while looking after those in other lands they must not forget the 200,000 black men which were on their own shores. ThIe race was fast dying out, I but while they lived they must be looked after and taught the Gospel, and some of the responsibility rested upon them. Miss Milligan again favored the. audience with a solo--" Queen Mary's Prayer," which she sang with great pathos, and feeling. Miss Ross, a visitor to Traralgon, 5 favored the audience with -a solo entitled-" Tears," and later on in the evening sang " Helene." The lady's voice was scarcely equal to the large hall, and was not heard to advan- I tage. Miss Robins, who is fast becoming a favorite with Traralgon audiences; gave "The Cradle Song of the Poor," and as usual sang with great taste and feeling. The Rev. C. P. Lloyd delivered a short address on two difierent schools of thought, one of which believed in deeds and acts rather than that of doctrine. According to some the time would come when the church would have restaurants associated with them, and people be literally fed with tiele bread of life. Mr. J. B. Patterson I told of how Talmage in thie middle of his discourse stopped and informed his hearers of how thIere was a man in distress, and a concert was being got up for hIis benefit, and added "I'm going, all of you come along." This was practical, and thie time was coming when the masses would say to those coming around for bread, if you will not work neither would they eat. They must make self-denial take its proper position. There was the danger, how- a ever, of making humanity their re- I ligion. Another school was that in whlich thie power of the Holy Ghost was taught, and these two elements required amalgamating. Miss Lloyd sang "TiThe Better Land," a difficult piece, and as the lady had to play the accompaniment for herself, shie was not heard at hlier best. However, shel acquitted herself well, ,nd received a deal of applause. Mr. Il-mynes followed with a solo "ChsRi,y," and again greatly pleased thie m-Jionce. The Rev Mr. M'Donald, who is a new arrival from Scotland, at present stationed at Morjvell, took as his theme the Stottish ministry, which he info'rmed his audience had undergone some great social changes. Ministers were formerly drawnl from the wealthy classes, but now their ranks were filled from the artizan and poorer grades of society. The pulpit had not, however, deteriorated, for at no for mer period were, the Scottish clergy su gifted or endowed, or so fitted for their calling. In some respects the present ministry had outstripped their forefathers, for formerly many of them took the "Cup of Kindness," but now they were mostly abstainers. The speaker eulogised Seotchmen who understood their ministers, and could grasp the knotty points in a discourse. Miss Downie sang "There is no night there," the lady's intonation be ing perfect, but her singing fell flat owing to the cause already mentioned. The Rev. J. G. Wilson then moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, those friends who had discoursed sweet music, to the brethren who had spoken words of wisdom, and especially to the Rev. A. J. Wade, who had conducted the ser vices on Sunday last. Mr. M'Alpine seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. This concluded what Mir. Wilson said was one of the best meetings both in quality and attendance that had been held since he came to Traralgon. 