&£&&&&'£ BOOK. Sir Henry Parkes's long- promised book, ' Fifty Years in the Making oi: Australian History,' has been published in Londor, It is variously described by the criticu as ' a graphic account or! stirring incidents' and aa ' a warmed-up account of old local politics,' and from a cabled summary of this, no to eay, sample of hashed history the latter description would oeem to fib the late Premier's work best. It ia also said to have little or no interest for English readers^ and we hardly ceo why it should have much more for us here, who already know the venerable author's vanity and vulgarity, hie egotism and his cpite, aa well as we do hia familiar features. It; thia book is, aa ifc appears to be, a full-length portrait of Sir Henry Piii'kocj by himself, we certainly do nofc want anything of the kind, and oo £m- as it aosumeo to be an oulimafca of his opponents or contemporaries ctill less, perhaps, shall wa be diepoPQd to accept it as iu any v-nj i authentic history. In the one case it io doubtleaa what we have often had from the name hand before, a fciaoue of th© moat estr&vag;&nfc; conceit, and in the other of ao impudent abuse. Tho ooci'efc of a good deal oi: Sir Henry Pai'kea'o reputa tion is, nesfc to hia unblushing selfaoQer tion, his atudied depreciation oi erevy mnn opposed to or even standing neap him, and in thia book, it seems, there are ample esamplaa of both. Ho himself, of course, io everything that ia good and great, the purest of patriots and moot unselfish of men, with the most fervent and unchanging love for his fellow-creatureo and willing to chare his last chilling with those in need ; but for the rest, with the exception of a retired G-ovei'= nox1 or two and eooie of his late eolleaguea there appeasa to be hardly a good word in the book about anyone. He sneers at the late Mr. Dalley, abuses Sir George Dibbs, patronizes Sir Patrick Jennings, ridicules Mr. Reid, but praises next to himself Meeoi'B. Brunker and Bruce Smith, and pvo nounceo hio young friends, Mr. B. R, Wise and Mr. J. EL Carruthers, able and honest and conecientiouQ politicians. This is all very much what everyone with any know ledge o£ the man must have espeefced., but certainly does not prove the necessity for his book. Strangely enough one of the few objects oil his eulogy is the late Sir John Bay ley Darvall, who, perhaps, next to the oneered-at Mr. Dalley, inflicted upon the hoo. gentle man the worst public punishment he ever received. The advantage is all with our late right hon. friend, who assuredly would have much preferred from such a source the sneer to the eulogy, and we can only hope that like ' honourable mention ' has been reserved for those other like offenders, the late Mr. William Forstar and Sir William Macleay. It is fair to say the lion. gentle° man takes exception to the ' sneer, ' which he says was not meant for Mr. Dalley personally but only for his ' brilliant flash of genius,' the Soudan Expe» dition, but not to say that this is very much a distinction without a difference, as he goes on to quote as evidence in his own favour a letter from Mr. Dalley dated more than thirty years ago, we cannot accept hio disclaimer. At any rate we may say that as there was no measure to the late Mr. Dalley's contempt for the hon, gentleman's conduct in more than one passage of his career, so there would be none now to find him reviving in this book his gross criminal libel in the case of the wretched lunatic O'Far° rell. Kightly enough, says the inventor of the Kiatna Ghost, ' in a book like this; whatever I might have wished to do, 1 could not omit this passage in my life,' and he adds that to defend his own reputation he ' now leaves it with the facts and explan&o; tions here placed on record to give a clear and definite character to the attempted assassination.' We shall probably have more to say on this matter when we see what those ' facts and explanations' are, and meanwhile have little doubt that the hon. gentleman has left his reputation in very suitable company. There can only be one true character, as was abundantly established at the time, given to that crime — that it was the sole act of a congenital lunatic — and any further ' facto and expla nationo' that Sir Henry Parkes may now bring forward in defence of his sufficiently infamous reputation in connection with that matter can only make it, if possible, more infamous than it is. 