xEL1O~RZ GCOSsP. (PROx oa ORWN CORRESPONDEseT.) Arrea a good deal of shilly- shallying, dilly dallying, wc-pulling, and political lying,. the Fates hire settled the much:disputed question of toAgent-Generalship. Graham Berry did nct want to remain away any longer from hs yonrhfnl love Victoria, and James Munrohad no desire to run with the London fogs Still the old Radical terror comes back "th a handle to his nameand James e-xpeeh to do ditto. The Age has already pret: well settled it that G.B. is to be Treasureriand looks forward to his tak ing polities t of the slough of parochialism ; while the g9e casts ridicule on Munro going Home nd posing as a financier. One manon o'Ch e said to me the other day. speaking of the recene financial collapse, "No two m i in the community are more responsible or these - bubble Land Banks than mmy Munro and SirMatthew H. Davies." no that the Argus' sneer pretty well exp~ the idea of many men in Collinsdttr who fancy themselves only second to t Rothachilds as financiers. However, three or foure years ago, any young bras ted individual had only to take an fc i and put ' financier ", on a big brass plate . ,i as his big brass coun tenance, and people flocked to him with their money. -And all half-a-dozen of these brass-casted individuals had to do was to get a big lyini prospectus printed, form a big lying syndicate, and start a big lying e bank, and people rushed to get the 8 or 9 or 10 per cent. which they lyingly promised: s "Ohll men are just like sheep and cattle," tl said my Stock Exchapge friend; "seven years hence-a good deal less, in all proba- e bility-the public will be just as easily h gulled as they were last year and the years a preceding it." I hear that "feelers" are being thrown out from Wangaratta to the Hon. James b Campbell, who was lately solicited to stand t for your electorate; but his Brighton friends t think he will be able to win hands down, as f' Tommy Bent is regarded as being much weaker than he was at last General Election, t when the much-travelled James ran him so closely. "'Are you a good Bamboozler" asked the suave big-footed militia-colonel t Ballarat member of the squarely- built and t squarely-acting Highlander who represents p the other side of the Dividing. Range from Anglesey, and whose son is, I believe, well known and respected by you Vealtes. Were the Colonel to putthat nice little question to the sitting member for Brighton, I wonder what-except to. " wuk his other, eye!' the msas who defeated 'our great Chief Justice would 'say oi"do.' The Ballarat Colouel was not far wrong when he likened politics to a game of bamboozling. And don't you forget it, ye young pliticians, or you'll be left- on a certain day, when the I polls are declared-in the lurch. There is a good deal of gossip in Collins street and elsewhere as to where a secure haven can jbe found found for the Hon. Duncan Gillies. The Eastern Boroughs have grown tired of him, just as Ballarat and Rodney and other eleetorates'did. But that the haven will be found I have little doubt. He is still one of the most robust men in the House, and looks very little older than he did 20 years ago. - "Nothing surprises me more," said an ex-Premnier to me a few years ago, "than the vigor and freshness of Gillies. I have grown old my self, and so have all the older politicians; but he grows younger instead of older. It is wonderful And as to his great ability, there can be no 'question." Those were words uttered by a political opponent, and will account for the commanding influence of D.G. Still, his Surplus Budget has been blown to atomnn,.aml his headship of the Victorian Railways resulted in tremendous loss to the colony-- in fact, under his nominal control, the Railways became a veritable horse- leechc And, talking of the Railways, reminds me that Chief Commissioner Speight and the coning Premier, and present Minister of Railways, .have buried the hatchet. After miles of angry cnrrespondence, Mr. Speight now actually condescends to person ally see the Minister, whose physical con stitution he nearly.wrecked, and the genial William looks once ioore like the bright eyed, good-hearted Irishman that he was when our fossil Divorce laws puzzled his too active brain. If ever one man returned I good for" evil in this world, that man has been William Shiels,'and the other party is .Richard Speight. The long" political partnership between Duncan Gillies and 'lfAefdip ekin is likely to terminafe withl tihis. Parliament. Our very own Alfred has a chance, now that an obsolete bar has been swept away by the Legal Professions Amendment Act, of sharing in the big prizes of the Victorian Bar, and lie is going in for some of the rich crumbs which now fall to the lot of Mr. Purves and Dr. Madden. And he ought to succeed, for le has great command of temoper, a keen in I sigt into human nature, and the "gift of the gab" to a high degree. Whether he will ever make a sound or profound lawyer, like the Chief Justice, or Judge Molesworth, or 1 Judge Williams, is quite another matter. But a man may make £5,000, £6,000, £7,000, or even £8,000 a year, at the Victorian Bar, without. any transceudental legal ability. Strange, is it not? But true, all the same. One or two lucky hits-sometimes as acci. dental as a good cricket or billiard score and a man's fortune is made. So true is it, that even some of the Conservative Judges in England are in favor of abolishing fees altogether in our Courts of Law, well know s ing that it is a fiction, pure and simple, which tells us the same law exists for rich and poor alike, hut a fiction which has hoodwinked successive generations, since I the Normans and their black-letter lawyers t came over with the Conqueror. Meantime, before this much-needed reform comes about, the hen. member for West Bourke Boroughs will be able to return from the Bar to Parliament with a well- lind .bag of golden b sovereigns. Dr. Pearson will not come back to the House next year. " That appears settled. And more's the pity, for he is a true scholar s and a gentleman. We have too many bamboozlers in Victorian politics, and can ill afford to lose men like Dr. Pearson. There was some talk of appointing him Agent-general; now it is whispered that he will take the place so long ably filled by another scholar and a gentleman, Mr. Cashel Hocy, the husband Df the novelist, who so long delighted Victorian readers with her gossip about art, polities, and the sayings, and doings of the great London world. When Gavan Duffy edited the Irish N?alion Mr. J. C. Hoey was sub editor, and another of thethen subeditors, Mr. Doyle, has long been sub-editor of the Melboiurne Aie; yet his hard work andl faithful service were not able to prevent the sting of inverted commas being applied, even after death, to his old collaiomrteur on Sa paper which Marcus Clarkeonce described as the best-writtes anid'best edited news paperin the early part of the Nineteenth Century. According to men like David Syme, a man may be any kind of patriot in the whole earthly world; but if he ever strove with all his might and main and energy to lift up.Irish serfs, and convert them into upstanding men and women, then he must have been a "patriot." ,And even Death, the gRest leveller, shall not prevent the use of the inverted comma. Ebenezer SSy)me wnas a man of different calibre. He could fight, but he could also forgive, and rcould appreciate the motives of men with whom he differed, But his ghost would be appalled at the everlastingly nursed grudges and envenomed strings which hang 'like r.spectres on the editorial walls of that Sjodrnal which his geniums converted from a I bankrupted concern into a aetter than Vi.c torian'gold mnine. 