TUEF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. liv " XUNQUASI Dorcniio," THAT oft-fiuoti."l am!, at times, muuh nvvUgrn'il imlivi'lu-il -Thi! Clerk of the WwiUier" ii;i-i a r.irc lark with the aniatour wi;atlH'.i--irau^ei-s over Durby Day. On Fvi'lay afternoon tlioy votpd tfl a man that tlmvo was to lie a teriilily '• ilirty niglit" (amih li mtical parlanro lieing tliu orthodox thing. iJfm'tchiM'know, cmisidRring as lioiv S.uiimy de Coul; liatl put. ill an appearance with his " shi\\*er-niv-timliers " sort of crowd — y,.|,.]it The Admiral,'The Captain an 1 Tho Sailor Prince). Moreover, the attendance was bound to be miterially afl'e :teil. a> tin ladies were not ikely to attempt to patronise the lawn in sueli a state us it was bound to be in ; whilst, with re^a- d to the running ground itself—well, it was to he floundering through slush; there wasn't to be lly riming in the matter at, all. Sooth to say, all hese tiling seeded nnre thau prihahle even at the early hour 0:1 Siturday morning that the hief Cook aforesaid put soaieof his team through their picings; and oil my leaving the training racks at about 7 o'clock tlm oullo >k was ominous in the extreme. But at last "Old Sol" (copywritcd expression) managed to get, in his left one? or twice, the result heing that, tlm rainbow in the • moniiiig. which in the Old World is credited with being ilie shepherd's warning, glinted iitfully across the cloud-capped arc (\Vhat price Me?), and at, last and at long run the clouds rolled by. Unt they didn't, so roll without u controlling power, so to speak, which controlling power turned out tohe tho ancient Horea-s, who ceased to be rude for the nonce, lint still was sufiicienOy in evidence to make the goinguuderl'ootas pleasant as pleasant could he. Certainly there were one or two slight sprinkles during the afternoon, but they only added to the ze.-t of things without causing might but the slightest of onibarrassiiieut amongst those fair daughters of live who had selectud their robes mor.j in a'Mord with Summer requirements than in anticip it'ion of a day in early Spring. Hut these were in a minority, and although I am about the worst authority ill the whole world on such matters, it could not help but strike mn that the V.R.C. Derby Day of 1811:2 was in contradistinction to the Derby days of the previous few years in tint the dresses of the ladies who patroni.-ed the grand stand were noticeable more for their quiet simplicity and grace (albeit the element of "richness" was by no means ahsent) than for garish emblazonment. For which, amongst multitudinous other improvements in the social circle, my better half whispers me, our liege lady the Countess of Hopetouu will ever be held in grateful lemeinbrance. fx so far as the numbers present were concerned. t he attendanej! appeared to me to be quite up to tlii? awr ige of previous years—that's on the stand and hill; whilst the " Hattites " were considerably in excess of the " boom " times. Another thing, those marvellous " hoardings" on the opposite side of the Saltwater River were conspicuous by their absence; a sure sign that the colony is not what it was cracked up to be, but rather what it has " cracked up " to be. THK gubernatorial parties (Uopetoun, Jersey, Kintore and Rowley Pickering) had just nice time to get themselves comfortably ensconced in the Vice-regal box— [MEM.— Rowley didn't patronise tlm (jovernor's boK. as he wanted to participate iu the usual half-crown sweeps in the Press sunctinnj—when Starter Watson trotted over to the mile post and took the field of a dozen in hand for the Maiden Platfl, of one mile. Amongst these was the Hon. JI. 12. Dangir's bay colt Attalus (by Welcome Jack from Signora), who had been withdrawn from tbe Derby with a special eye to tins event,.and a kind of a far-away look to the teu thousand pounder in clie future. As a matter of fact this colt should have gone out first favourite, but the weight of money put another New South Wales representative, named Ronda (by Trenton out of Mona), into the posi- tion, the " Hon." W. Forrester's nomination (vide Saturday evening's Heraldi starting at a shade less thin even money (about 10 to <)). whilst Attalus received support at :f's and 4's, Hudgeree and Angola receiving support at H's, wliiist 10's were on offer agiinst U.K., Redleap and the others. Redleap was piloted by Mr. W. S. Cox, but he appeared to be, out of his element, Angus Cumming subsequently informing me that he distinctly caught, him throwing his eyes ahout to see if lie could spot a fence or two anywhere knocking round during the journey, and hearing quite a disconsolate appearance when hi* ijiiesfc proved in v.iiu. He this as it may, the •rillanV, V'ha'-M' did not fiiiish closer than eighth. •Hi,aim drawing out at the. half distance anil winning comforlablv from K h". by a length aud -lialf, whilst, Angola, who looked all over a winner a furlong mid a-lialf from home, was 1 wo engths behind Teddv Kevs' gelding, with Prior oiirth, li'inda fifth and li-.idgerce sixth. Time liniu J^iJ.see. SALUTATION, who started in the Maiden Plate as placed completely out of the bunt from the all of the flig, being left, at the post. A siT.EN'imi fi-ddof eighteen saddled up for the clbourno .Stakes, of a mile and n-quartur, the ontest promising to be of an intercolonial hnracter. as the cricks of New South Wales, ictoria and New Zealand were taking part herein. However, the betting quotations quickly roved that the vast majority were only " out for il airing," the consequence being that the gay 1'aree " was installed favourite at 'J to 1, Hungehali coming next at o's, followed by utonomy at (i's, Correze at K's, and The Admiral nd the rest at 10's. Hungebih left no loop nor inge to hang a doubt on as to his lumi fides in he transaction, as (Sainsford wai ou the qui vim t. the start, and when George Watson at last ave the ''oilioe" that they could go, the straw icket. with blue sleeves and cap, was first away, nd quickly placed clear daylight between himself mi the others, the nearest of whom wore Paris. rieste, Autonomy and Oxide, the last two being enance and Altliotas. Hungey held comniiind ll the way rouud, Autonomy closing up to him s they swept round tile turn for home, where he Admiral first came into prominence threading is way through tbe field, aud nearly stumbling hilst so doing. Huxley failed to head Hungehaii ntil well within the distance, but no sooner bad ie done so than Lewis brought The Admiral up ith a fine run, splendidly sustained, but not of nfli:ient duration to do more than get upsides ith Ijuugebah, tbe pair finishing a dead heat for econd half a length behind Autonomy-, Paris eing fourth, Titan (under punishment) fifth, rieste sixth, nnd Etra-Weenie seventh ; the last uartette being Penance, Altliotas, Tiraillenrand ortland. Time, 2min. Djsec. As showing what sort of a performance the elbourne Stakes was ou the part of the placed orses, J may mention that the last six furlongs ere traversed in luiin. XTsee. PAIUS appeared to possess a winning chance two urlongs Irom home, but he failed to distinguish imself, and once again his backers were left — ike Lord Ullin's daughter—lamenting. As Power would have had to declare overweight to ride llopetoun in the Cup, Mr. H. R. Kalkiner ecided to have a cut iu the Hot.haui Handicap, f a mile and a-lialf and a distance, in which the on of Proto-Martyr and Pandora was iuiposted t 7st,. ]0lb..and in which he was opposed by sixteen others. Of these D.mal i"ii was considered to be the pick of the basket, his partisans atone time accepting-t to 1, though on the " Pygmalion craze " once more setting in he eased half a point, whilst. " l'yggy" figured at ,Vs. and Hopetoun at (i's and 7's. Theopposers were all at sixes and sevens, too, when Power made his run a furlong irom home; the only one who threatened to be dangerous afterwards being Chatham, who displayed something akin to what is commonly described as a " Reversal of Form" by throwing out a challenge a hundred yards from the winning post, and only suffering defeat by three parts of a. length, identically the distance that Judge M'Oulloch declared to be between Norbertand Mr. Giltinan's horse ; Yarran finishing a good fourth, followed by Litigant, Dundas and Pygmalion. Time.iimin. ooisec. Moitiiisox was up on Pygmalion in the Hotliam Handicap, Paddy M'Gowau bestriding Airlie, who was close up alongside Hopetoun in tho betting quotations. To uiy mind the Derby was one of tho fastest races ever run. I may be niakiug a terrible bloomer in thinking so ; but, all the same for that, I do think so. It seems to me, looking back at the race, that it was voted by the riders of the eight other opponents (because Ulric must pose as a friend) as a pure one-horse race, and consequently lliey made it one'from the time Camoola ran to the front a furlong and a-lialf froin home until some of them discovered that he was not getting auy further away from them, aud, on making an effort, actually finished within threequarters of a length of the supposed " moral." That is how the race presented itself to me. Uelow tbe distance. Camoola assumed a threelengths' lead of Candour, The Captain, Azim, Meli and Jonathan. This appeared to be good and sufticieut reason for Ellis, Lewis and Moire to turn it up—toe game of attempting to catch the conquering Camoola, not being thought worth the effort. Hut Morrison and Maybin grappled the situation soonest, and as soon as they perceived that Huxley had apparently shot his bolt they set sail, with the result that before they could get quite up to liitu Huxley had forged him past the judge's box. I am as confident ns a man can possibly he tlmt had the contest been another 150 yards Camoola would have boen third instead of first; And in writiug this I am not desirous of impressing you with auy idea as to the super-excellence of llcli and Jonathan. Tho latter rau a remarkably good colt without the shadow of a doubt, but it is the very fact that the pair of them got into sueli juxtaposition to the winner that discounts the merits of tbe performance to my way of thinking. The time—2min. 42sec.—was very mediocre, and there can be no two opinions about Huxley having to ride for his bare life to get home. Tnere are plenty of people who lire just sis firmly convinced about thi6 as I am, though iu a totally different direction. These maintain that Huxley was simply caught napping and tlmt Camoola could have won by half ' furlong had bis jockey chosen to Jo so. But. I •won't have any of that pie. 'Die true solution of the matter may possibly be that Tom Payten, for once in his life, nearly committed a bloomer by scratching a Derby colt that was Coining 011 in favour of one who was Going Off. Camoola's starting price WAS 7 to 4 on, Azim claiming some slight attention at t> to 1. So hard did Huxley graft on the favourite towards the finish of the. race that. (I have it on the very highest and best authority) it was a toss-up of a coin whether the jockey's head or Camoola's got first past the post. The three-year-old colt by Richmond from Miss Heslop was so little fancied for the Derby by his party that only a few weeks back the advisability of adding him to the list was seriously taken into consideration. And yet bis party are persons of vast erudition and research—to wit, the AsinaMim Push. Being built that way, the noble Jonathan was allowed a chance of displaying hie abilities in the race for tho Blue Riband on Saturday, and beyond the question of a doubt had he been kept in a better position during the earlier portion of ilie race, ho must have given it a trenieudons shaking, even if he did not quite annex it. Hut he was actually last at the home turn, and appparently dead to tho world. However, I suppose from this out he will have to pay the penalty for finishing in front of Azitn, Candour, Calculus, The Captain, Ulric, Elswick and Wolf, until, like poor Whimbrel, he will have to be expatriated in self-defence. That rich stake, the Waribyrnong Plate, with its cool " thou." of added money, attracted fourteen two-year-olds, Wanganella being slightly a better favourite than Zeph, whilst the fact that Cecil Parker was up on Glowworm caused that filly to also pose amongst the fancied division. The betting at the start was 3 to 1 Wanganella. 7 to 2 Zeph. . r ) to 1 Glowworm, S to 1 Ourrnwang, 10 to 1 The Sailor Prince, Fairfield and Oet-o. The start appeared to be a pretty even one, the colours of Zeph, Wanganella, La Gloria, Shotbolt and Auster being amongst the earliest descried from the Press box. As som as tho tan was crossed Octo put in a claim, nsniso did The Dauphine, the pair closing 011 Zeph. A slashing set-to between the sistor to Ringmaster and the Marie Louise filly resulted in the former (Zeph) gaining the advantage and a hundred yards from home she looked all over a winner, until Sam Conk's second string The Sailor Prince cuuie (most appropriately) through with a " wet sail " ami squelched the pretensions of Zeph by a length and a-quarler, with The Daupliiiie finishing only a neck behind Jimmy Wilson's filly, and then coming Fairfield, .luster. Li Gloria, Glowworm and Wanganella in order; Currawang being last all through the proceedings. Time, Imiri. 4sec. The Sailor Prince is a fine upstanding colt, l>y Robinson Crusoe from Water Lily, mid as showing how utterly unreliable private trials must be, individuals who profess to be 111 the know, yon know," aver that friend Samuel tried The Dauphine to be no less than Two Feet Three and Three-quarter Inches better than biiu over five furlongs on the Sandringham track ! There now! And yet tho Squire of Pytehley Lodge sniileth and smiletb again. Ah ! I am afraid that at times S. G. C. spinneth yarns to tho marines. Lewis and Gleeson; Gleeson and Lewis! Now Yon See It; and Now You Don't. Seventeen tried conclusions over the mile and a furlong of the Coburg Stakes; Jem Scobio furnishing' the. favourite in Goldreef. hut the St. Albans stable securing the win with Cooya, a four-year-old filly l>y Nordenfeldt from Radiance, who was handicapped at 7st. Mb., and had Paddy M'Gowan on her back. The Jersey Maid cut out the running for about six furlongs; but there was nothing had the ghost of a show alongside Mr. W. R. Wilson's filly at any portion of the distance between the entrance to the straight and the winning post, and she won with tho greatest ease by two lengths from Bloodshed, who in turn was three-quarters of a length 111 advance of Goldreef, a nostril behind wliom eime Kookaburra and Star of Erin locked together. Time, lrnin. 50jsec. Cooya whs right sturdily backed at 10 to 1 for the concluding ovont of the day's sport; Goldreef (at It's), Bloodshed (at O'b), and Jack Robinson and Accident (at H s) causing their respective partisans to fall heavily into tho soup. The unlucky Accident (so named through beiag struck by lightning when a foal) also fell heavily during tho race, fracturing his leg so badly that the aid of tho orthodox "friendly bullet" had to be brought into requisition. Well, I hope you enjoyed yourselves on Cup Day. It was Slightly Damp without a doubt; but then, of course, you wore on to (3 Ion loth. No ? Law bless my heart and soul! You don't say so?- But you should have been, considering how easy he'won. Eh? What's that? We Press Tipsters are a huge Set of Frauds ? There wasn't a Blooming One of Us ever 30 much as named a Placed Horse? Ah ! But only fancy the number of placed horses we would have name! only for the weilher. You couldn't possibly expect a fellow to tip in such weather as that. My friend Thomas P. Power was the only man I know that did it. And how did he land his Three Hundred ? And liow did be put the Pedagogue (that's Gillespie), and Sam Irish (that's the gymnasty fellow) and Jim Eedfearn and Yours Truly on to the good tiling ? Ob, I tell you when Tom knows a good thing he likes to see his chums participate therein. But to come down to dryasdust facts, I'm blessed if I don't think that Glenloth would have shook that Cup had the wan.tb.er been as Dry as a Bowen, so to speak. Groat Scott! How did lie leave them after rounding into tho straight! There wasn't one of them had a dog's show against hiin—110, not even my particular pet. The Admiral, who ran a terribly good horse, but had " Buckley's chance" against the winner. Ronda and Penance. Some of the books backed Glenlot.h for a few thousands ; but I am given to understand the stable didn't throw in for a very big stake. They would have done last year, though, had Gleiiloth turned up trumps then. What Sort o? a Duck is Meg ? Only her Fifth Consecutive Win that. Kensington Stakes victory. And bought in for £300, too! Cheap—dirt cheap. Fairfield ran a good race, but he is altogether too slow otf the mark to stand a chance against the flying daughter of Neckersgat and Meg Jlerrilies in a sprint race. By-the-ivay, 1 car. take one small crumb of comfort to myself over mv Cup day tips. I actually placed them in the Kensington Stakes—Meg, Fairfield, Auster. I AM afraid that Pygmalion is a bit of a cocktail. Mind you, Ascot Yale is no smonch. as lie ran the. last six furlongs of the Yan Yean Stakes under lmin. I7sec. But. all the same for that, it looked 10(1 to 1 on " Pyggy" three parts of a furlong lrotii home with til", lead he then held. Item: A bit of news from Canterbury (N.Z.), which should interest some of our leading horsey ,nfin Cutts will sell his tw.i-year old colt by Lochiel. and his yearling by Chainshot, both from Nautilus, to the" first comer who gives him his price. Tho price is not too much either for two first-class horses. Were I all owner T would rather take the Chokobore. pair of youngsters at the price Cutts tells me he will take for them than 1 would have, at the same price, a p-iddock full of the horses some owners buy on the " off ch-ince of getting something good.'' 