MYSTERY OF TREVARROCK, By Mrs. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER IV, [Conti!nud] daughter, and Harold longed to be alone with his new born happiness. * * * * * * With livid face and somber, hate laden eyes Olive St. Maur rose up from behind the large clunp of Portugal laurel, where she had knelt concedled, her ear against a chink in the rustic woodwork of the arbor. Harold and Madge had spoken in low tones, and Olive had only caught disconnected fragments of what' had passed. But she had heard more than enough to fully decide her what i~se to make of the information she had gleaned from The Herald. 'CHAPTER i VII. A LIFE FOR A LIFB. 'A few days after the occurrences just related Mrs. Trevylian had an accident -elipping off a step ladder while nailing up a piece of creeper. . She twisted her ankle, and the injury, though nqt serious, was sufficient to confine her to her room for some time. Hence a singular change which had taken place in Olive was unremarked by anyone. Madge was busy attending to her mother, and Harold Carrington too engrossed by. the secret trouble, which haunted him day and night, to take heed of her. A strange gulf seemed also to have widened between the cousins. Formerly, though so unlike, they had at least lived on friendly terms. But now Olive seemed to avoid Madge and to speak to her as little as possible-or, if at all, in 'a taciturn, strained manner which, when her cousin noticed it, pained' her. Still she took no serious heed, at tributing it to one of "Olive's odd moods," which would sooner or later. pass over. Meanwhile Olive St. Maur's face grew thin and pale, and her great black eyes burned with unnatural luster from the hollows which began to fonn under them. She slept little and ate less, her whole appearance being that of a person whose nerves were strung up to the highest pitch, or who was a prey to the most ter rible suspense. The.atmosphere of the cottage seemed unbearable to her, and she would walk for miles on to the moor land, only stopping when dead beat through fatigue. An awful struggle was going on in her mind. The deed she meditated was one of such black treach ery that, unscrupulous as her nature was, it made her pause. She recalled the many kindnesses Har old had done her, lthe gentle considera tion with which he always treated her, but the evil angel was stronger than the good one. Jealousy and hatred strove for the mastery, and were successful. Little dreaming of the dire danger which threatened him-a danger worse than any he already Imew of-Harold Carrington was lulled into a sort of false security. Ho thought lie saw a way out of his -trouble-difficult, per haps, and perilous; ,but h.is was not a nature tp shrink from the cost of what he undertook. Miadge's love seemed somehow to have brought counsel as well as comfort. No word had been spoken between them since that memor able day that might not have been heard by all the world. But it was enough to understand each other- to be together. Harold had been forced to lay aside his determination to leave Trevarrock. In fact, there were now the weightiest reasons why lie could not do so. "Whisht! step softly-ho may hear ye; and lie's sleeping-the first time for many nights." The sky brooded darkly over Trevar rock bay. Only a distant sullen roar, and a faint glimmer of white at the foot of the cliffs, qhowed where the angry sea tore and lashed them in its wrath. A red gleam of light flashed for a moment at the door of Dinah Retallack's lint, and the old woman peered out into the murky night anxiously. A figure stood without-that of a man, who had given three taps at the window before Dinah lifted the latch. "Come in, come in! Him as you want to see ain't come, but he will, he will, sure's life. Mun ha' patience and wait a bit," she mumbled, pointing to the locker close by the fire. SThe new comer, a short, burly man, with weather beaten face and strong black beard, dressed in seafaring clothes and with a eou'wester pulled well.down over his ears, obeyed. "Mun gie me summat to sweeten the waiting, then. But whoe's he-I mean, him as you'm"- he began in low, growling tones. "Hush!" SShe pointed with her thumb back wards towards a door, which seemed set in the solid rock. Then diving into a chest, she produced a square stoneorbottle and a glass. She poured some of the liquor into the latter and gave it to the rhan, who smacked his lips approvingly. "That neverpaid duty, I'll go bail," he sai li with a gruff chuckle. :Primo stuff! You've had it a mort o' years, I reckon; for devil a keg has been run ashore at Trevarrock since I was a boy. Ahl those were times." "A still tongue makes a wise head; and there's other and fairer ways o' nnak ing a bit o' momey. Your father and my man were friends, John Sholto, and you are about the only one round here I can trust. Yoiu may have a prickly skin like the chestnut, but you'm an honest hearted child. When? I heard your boat was off Penzance, I walked every step o' the way to see you. I had a dream--but never mind. Whisht! hers he comes. Now you can hear all." A low tap at the door, interrupted Dinah's speech. She rose and admitted Harold Carrington, cautioning him as she had done John Sholto not to wake the sleeper in the inner room. Then she crept away in the darkness of the hut, leaving the two men in low and earnest conversation together. CHAPTER VIII. rr'rrrNro. "You think it can be done, then? Re niember, money is no object. Any sum you like to name shall be yours if you are successful." Harold Carrington's voice was strained and eager as heOgazed into the face of his compaion. "Donel ay. Wh~afman hasdone, man -_ do. But 'twill be a risk, that I wain't gainsay; still John Sholto's not' the one to mind that. let alone it'. every one's duty to help a naybur out o' a bit o' trouble. rll stand by'ee, sir, and hang the money.'" Joh:e Sholto's keen little dark eyes sparkled, but not with greed. There was a rough frankness in his face, as well as his speech, that told Harold he might be trusted. Besides, he had the daring and love of adventure innate in all west countrymen. "Capt. Jack," as he was familiarly called along the coast, had made many a wild and dangerous journey, that had nothing to do with herring or pilohard fishing; and his smack, the Lively Fanny, was one of the best built and fastest to be found from the Land's End to the Lizard. "Agreed, then," said Harold, in the saome low tones, producing a leathern bag from the breast of his coat. "But I would rather pay you now; one never knows what may happen. In case of success, it will have been fairly earned; in case of failure, the same," turning paler and his hand trembling slightly, "for you will have done your best. There are five hundred pounds in this bag in gold and notes. If all goes well I will make it five hundred more." Capt. Jack's eyes grew round and he gasped for breath. A thousand pounds! That were a prize worth "winning, in deed.' There ,was, as "he had 'said, no "free trado" worth the namiing carried on along the coast now; still, here and .there a skipper, with .daring enough,` occasionally made a small' private ven ture of his own. . But the profits on a few: boxes of. cigars, a bale of gaudy silk handker chiefs or a keg of raw spirits, secured' at infinite risk and trouble, seemledto sink into beggarly insignificance all at once. A thousand pounds! Why, he was a made man for life. Burxomn Molly Treln sa, the widowed landlady of the' Blue Boar at Penzance, would easily 'be brought to reason then, and lihe would leave sea going, and settle down' as "mine host," in his own snug parlor, with hot rum and water, and tobacco galore. Though Capt. Jack still loved advent ure, he was not so young as he once had been, and the prospect of a peaceful bar bor in which to lay to at the end of his' life was attractive. All these thoughts flitted rapidly through his mind. Then he struck his horny, tar ingrained fist on the locker with a force that made the bottle and glass ring together, anda Pixy, the black cat, spring, with bristling coat, 'away from'the fire. "I'm your man-and here's my hand on't. 'What Jack Sholto says-he means.: If the thing is :to be done-it shall be done." "Good, then. But when?, Every mo ment of delay nieans danger," responded Harold, pointing to the door in the wall, and holding up a warning finger. "To-morrow night, if you like. The smack is just inside the bay, and the moon rises about midnight. Be here at that time, and leave the zest to me." "Why not now-at once?"' Harold's tones were full of anxiety. "Need we. wait?" "Mlust," growled Sholto, in his beard.' "Or it would ha' suited me well enough to be off before this, I can tell 'ee. But the ebb's going out, and I could not bring her past the Devil's Teethin such apitch black night. It was all I could do to get into the bay." "Have you a man on board you can trust?"pursuedHaroldearnestly. "Every thing, after all, depends on that.'' "Ay, two-good' plucked:-'nns, father and son. They've sailed wi' me this twelve year. We know a bit too much abont each other; they main't play us false, never fear," said Capt. Jack, with a knowing smile. "You can tell them they shall,be well paid for their help," said Harold; "and now - till to- morrow- farewell. my friend." He turned to Dinah, whlo came slowly forward into the light, holding up the horn lantern to guide him out, and after a few whispered words pressed some gold pieces into her hands. "Shall I wake him? I will if,'eo like. It wain't be any harm now he's slept so long," she whispered, peering into Har old's face with her sunken eyes. "No, .you needn't trouble." Harold's voice was cold and hard. "Only tell him, when hoe. wakes, that all is ready and the time, 12 to-mOrrow night." The old woman nodded assent, and drew back into the cottage. When she was once more alone she crouched down before the hearth, her face buried in her, hands, motionles's and silent save for the few muttered, disconnected words which escaped her toothless, puckered mouth. " 'A life for a life;' ay, that's what the book says. I shut my ears and wudna listen; but them words has been written in fire. I've seen 'em day and ni~ght. Mebbe I shan't see 'em no more now. 'A life for a life;' Sy, but if I save one, how then? Them drowned faces wi' their staring eyes, mebbo I wain't see those either, and my old bones will rest peaceful when I die. He spoke kind to me, the bdonny chlel; his face was like my Ben's;" she rocklced herself to and fro in the silent agony of despair, of which the old cottage walls had been so often the dunmb witnesses. Suddenly Pixy gave a low hiss and a growl and leaped on to her shoulder. She looked up quickly. The cat's green, glaring eyes were fixed on the small win dow behind her. Her blood curdled in her veins. A pnle face,'framned with storm tossed elf locks of black hair, was pressed close against the dim, thick gl~ass. iAt leart so Dinah Retallack fancied. But it van ished instantly, and the old vwon:m, with a shudder, cowered closer to the fire. The apparition, for so she thought it was, boded no good, mind was a bad omen as regarded the success of the morrow's enterprise. She shook her head and brooded darkly over what seemed 'oue proof more that the curse of fate hung over her. Un0 TO EARTlr. Madge Trcylian,' in her neat dark blue linen gown, with its spotless collar end cuffs, a little bunch of ox.-,ed daisies tucked into her trim walatbelt, w:s-? alone in the pleasant parlor, the breakfast tray already on the table. Neither Olive nor Harold Carrington had as yet appeared. and it was getting late. She ran up to her cousin's room and tapped at the door. lbut received no re ply, so she tried to op.ti it. In vain, it was bolted inridse. '-. ' ;ae felt uneasy, and pushed harder. ' he fastening. which was not very htrong, gave way, and the door flow open. She started back amazed at what she saw. Olive, pale as a ghost, stood in the middle of the floor. Her dress, which appeared soaked and heavy with water, clung round her; her hair was disheveled and wet and her hat and jacket lay on the bed. She turned peevishly ot Madge. "What on earth did you come bursting into the room like that for? Whydidn't you wait for me to open the door?" she asked, crossly, twisting up her damp plaits and turning her face away towards the glass., "I did knock; but what is the matter, Olive? Where can you have been, to get so wet? One, would think you had been out all night," Madge said. The latter words were spoken in care less haste; but Olive turned oni her cousinwrith such a strange expression in her eyes that she recoiled, frightened. "What a tmad ideal" she answered' scornfully. "And, pray; what should I be out all night, for? Nb: such things are, I suspect, more in your line, Miss SMadge-sly and deiture as you: are. I have no lover with whom to hold secret meetings.' No; I hlve simply been for a bathe before breakfast, that is all; and coming bTck -I slipped on a bit of wet rock' aidfeel into a pool of sea water. .So mucli for your mare's nest, my inmo cexit minded' cousin," she added,' a cold sneer on' her lips.. Madge, though unsophisticated and gentle, was not without a certain simple dignity of her own. "I do not know.what. you mean by at tacking me like tlhis, Olive; but I see, of course, that you have guessed my secret" -she flushed as she spoke. "I am at your mercy; for it is useless to try and make you understand that we did not mean to deceive anyone. But Harold must know now that I cannot be silent any longer."' Madge was pale and her lips were firmly set, as she turned to leave the roosm. Olive saw she had gone too far. She had. not meant to betray herself thus; but rage had mastered her. "Wait," ' she said hastily, seizing Madge's gown. "What a little fool you are! Of course, I :was only joking. If you are wise you will say nothing to Harold Carrington. In: time all that puzzles you now. will be made clear. Some day you will thanik me for" "Olive, what do you mean?" Madge was thoroughly alarmed by her wild words and demeanor. "I- Oh, nothing!" Olive burst into a laugh--hollow, wretched, with no ring of mirth in it. "Go away, and for get all I have said. I will keep your' secret, never fear." And with this Madge was forced to be content. On reflection she deter mined not to tell Harold anything of what had passed. It would only distress him needlessly; and had he not hinted to her only yesterday that he hoped soon all necessity for concealment would be past? When all three anot at the breakfast table there was no ;ign to show how full of electricity the air was, how strained the relations between the trio, save an unusual silence. But later Olive's words came back to Madgo, fraught with is new and terrible meaming. The night was still, though a faint ripple broke the dark, even surface of the sea, and a flying scud of black, rag geod clouds chased each other over the steel blue sky, hiding from time to time the pale disc of the full moon. Silently, stealthily the Lively Fanny stole into the bay; her masts and rig ging cutting with, their sharp lines the moon's white face. There were steps on the sands; low voices and the grating of a boat's keel on the shingle. Then a soft whistle sound ed three times, and in response, a red light flashed for a moment from the bow of the smack, vanishing as quickly. It was Capt. Jack's signal to the anx ious watchers on the shore. A boat was ready to put off to the smack. In it were three persons-a man and a boy-the-two sailors of whom John Sholto had spoken to Harold Carrington in Dinah Retallack's hut-and another old man, with flowing.white hair and beard, also dressed in a seaman's rough blue jersey and oilskin hat.,: Harold Carrington, muffled in his long dark ulster, and Dinah herself stood on the beach-the latter screening her horn lantern from the wind~ with her'apron. It was a strange, weird night, and thie scream of a distant curlew seemed like a banshee wailing for the dead. A few whispered words passed be tween Harold and the old seaman, who sat ii the stern of the boat. "You Will not forget your promise? If you keep it I shall not grudge anything I have dared or sacriticed for you," anrold said in a subdued undertone, that sounded husky and strained. He held out his handul, and the other pressed it with trembling, nervous grasp. "Indeed I will not, so help me God! Harold, old fellow, Iswear if Iget outof this all right I"- He could not finish his speech. "Hist!" Old Dinal clutched Harold's sleeve suddenly, pulling hinm back from the boat. Her face 'voriked with agnta tion,and her. hand was held up to her ".'Did j.o hear yow? WVe'u trapped, suie as there's a heaveen above usl" sihe muttered, hoarsely. There was a measured tramp of foot falls oit the sand-distmst, but clearly defined. '"'Pull for your lives" P'.arold whispered fieorcely. Themen obeyed, and Harold, stepping almost waist high in thIe water that tossed and surged around him, helped to push the boat off. Not a moment too soon. The wind . ? ....u·.' ··-,~ had risen, and ominous white lines showed themselves upon thedark water. A gust struck the boat, which made it pitch heavily'and sink into the trough of waves; then it was seen plowing its way gallantly through the surf; the veil of darkness had next moment hidden it from sight. .Mean while the steps had come nearer -quite ,.lose. In spite of Dinah's en :reatics, i trald had not moved, but tuood ganlg ar;award. His pale face wore a stra ngo e':xpression of triumph, and a faint smile curved his lips as four lmen-- two wearing the uniform of police officers and two in plain clothes-came into the circle of light shed by the lan torn. "I think I know what your business is," he said, calmly, going up to one of the latter. "You are Inspector Venner of Penzance, and you have a. warrant for the arrest of Hubert Carewe, late manager for the firm of Vanneck & Blackmnore. dianiond merchants, who was snluppsetd to have gone abroad last July on business for that firm, and, fail ing to return at the appointed time, was proved to have absconded with a large sum of money he had in his charge. He had. however, in reality, never left Eng land, and has been lying hidden at Tre varrock. hoping to make his escape. Well," he continued deliberately, with a strange inflection in his voice, "your search is ended; Mr. Venner; and you, Sergt. Clark." turning to the other man in plain clothes, whom he recognized as a noted Londn'detective, "need fear no resistance on my part. It would, Iknow, be as foolish as useless. I am ready to accompany you." The two men stared at each other aghast. Such utter coolness, such con sumnmate audacity they had never met with in the ceurse of their professional experience. Clarke recovered himself first. "You have put it correctly, sir," he said with a grim smile, "and I am bound to say I think you take a sensible view of the matter. - I've got a trap waiting round the corner, if you will kindly step this way. No need for these, ell, In spector?" As he spoke something bright glittered in the moonlight--,a pair of steel hand cuffs. "Certainly not. I have not the least wish to try uid escape," said Harold, with the same strange smile. His cap tors little imagined with what double significance his last words were fraught. Old Dinah's hut was searched without result, the Witch of Trovarrock standing by, shaking her head and wringing her hands, though the police officers could get nothing out of her to further crimi nate Harold. Fearing that the worst might happen, though as yet he guessed nothing of the treacherous means.by which his secret had been betrayed, Harold had intrusted Dinah with a letter to deliver in such case to Madge Trevylian. It was merely a few lines imploring her to believe in him and trust him a little longer, how ever sorely appearances were against As the simen left the bay a light flashed again from the Lively Fanny. Harold's heart gave a leap of joy. The boat had reached the smack in safety. Before starting on his journey to Lon don Harold Carrington made a singular request to Sergt. Clarke. It was that. Messrs. Vanneck & Black more, his supposed late employers, should be at once apprised of his capture by telegraph and psked to meet him on his arrival with the; detectives at Scotland Yard. "It's rather out of course, but perhaps I can manage it;" said the detective, stroling his beard reflectively. "He's ia deep card, and no mistake. Wants to do the soft, and thinks they'll let him off if lie disgorges the plunder. He can't have mado away with much of it in that out of the way hole, Trevar rock," he thought. "You will not regret having granted the request," said Harold. "Oh, it's no good trying a bribe, if you meanthat," said Clarke,an honest enough specimen of his class. "Look here, sir; I don't think I ought to talk to you like this, only Isee that, though you've got into this scrape, you're ai gentleman and not lilkely to take mean advantage of me. My advice to you is make ternus and give back the-you know what. I've reason to know the parties most con ceaned won't be hard on you if you do, and very likely the whole thing may be hushed up. I've seen a deal o' life- you'll pardon me, sir, el?" The officer took an involuntary respect ful tone in speakling to his prisoner,whom lie secretly somewhat admired for his cool daring and pluck. "Thanks, my good fellow. I do not think Messrs. Vanneck & Blaclanoro will be Inrd on me." Again tlhe saio strange smile crossed his pallid face, but they only thought it meant bravado. They were in the express, in a first class compartment, whirling on their way to London. Thle two men whom the detective had brought with hiin ac companied themi, but Harold's conversa tion was carried on in such low tones as to be inaudible to them. If Detecti?e Clarke had been aston ished by what had passed, he was doubly so when, a few Ilhours later, after an in terview withl the chief of police and Messrs. Vanneck & Blackmote, Harold Carrington walked out of Scotland Yard a free man. "A'mistake, that is all. No blame to you: yoti are in every why exonerated. The chargeo has been withdrawn," was all the information, curtly given, that the detective received from the head of his department. "I'l sweir that ho was the man, though," said Clarke, naturally nettled. "Why," he stopped abruptly, "he told me as much in the train.. Confound his impudence! lWhat can it mean?" It was not every man who would have dared to speak thus freely, but Detective Clarke was a valuable and lprivileged officer. "What can it mean? Why, simply that for once you ihave been gulled. You may think what you like, so may we. But when the very firm dechLreo that we have got the wrong pig by the ear, what To Ie ccntinuaol. 