Oorrespondence. Tin Editor does not Identity M.oralX vilh the opinions of correspondents.! That Beenleigk Drain. (To the Editor of tke Logan Wttneu.) 'Forty different odours, all well defined, and several stinks.'— Shakcspcro. Oh ! that old drain, that obnoxious old drain, The smell of it makes one exceeding profane, It creeps through our houses, it sulks up the [street ; In filthy old raga and green slimy feet. It carrieB the germs of many diseases ; A pig even sniffing it splutters and sneezes. Throe tank* of. carbolic, six. tons of quick lime, A hearty old thunder shower just in its prime; Two dozen of men of muscle and bone With three-inch hydrants of Eau de Cologne Couldn't extinguish that horrible smell, So rumour say*; and ike knows pretty well. I met ' the old gentleman up from below,' fie was hanging around 'The Army' you know. Just looking about with a cute jealous eye, For any defaulters that he might espy ; When «ut stalked that ugly quintessence of stink. Poked' 'Mick' on the ribs, and said with a wink, ?'Delay here no louger, just leave them to me^ ?*' Their fate is decided as safe as cap be. ?' I breathe on them gently a waft of my breath ?'And they instantly call on their' Maker for death. ?' E'en if they weren't damned through pro fanity's voice, ?' Thoy*d much prefer your place to mine out of clioioe.'' Humour says, too, the ghost of this stink one day Called on the Board in their Council array, And told them it dared their municipal might To shift it away from its losg vested right ; And if they molested its' haunts of repose It would stuff thorn with typhoid and feed them to crows. Each Boardsman, 'tis said, when the ghost stated that, Turned pale as skimmed milk, and reached for hiB hat, Lit out for the open and ran for his life ; Leaving hnnie, irieuds, and comrades, chil dren, and wife. And this is, says rumour, (sans violent expression) Bow it comes that we find the stink still in MORAL. How rumour we Inow is a horrid old jade, And seldom tells aught but foul lied I'm afraid. For 1 know for a fact that the Board as one Immediately rose up and put under ban That full flavoured ghost, and^, cleaned ont that drain, $o never place faith in rumour again. XNGOLSBY. 