NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Fine. Clear. Cricket. Theatre. Carl Hertz. Cyclorama. Fairy Four. Wool duties. "Le Cocon." Silk Stockings. Labor troubles. Wattle Blossom. Australian mails. Swimming match. Pony races to-day. More rain wanted. Arrest of a burglar. Sunshine after rain. Troubled by ghosts. A new Academician. An old colonist dead. A fever-stricken ship. A rowing commission. Collision in the Canal. A new chum murdered. Fatal pleasure excursion. Pony races at Plympton. The training of deaf mutes. Kanaka Labor Bill carried. An uncertain share market. Farewell to Mr. Dashwood. Sydney bankers condemned. Vaughan enquiry concluded. Presentation to Mr. Schlapp. Iron trade permanently injured. Shops and Factories Commission Last cricket matches of the season. Sampson, the strong man, in trouble. Another Australian scholar successful. Insurgents in Venezuela badly beaten. France will be represented at Chicago. A change of programme at the Royal to night. Highborn is reported to have been sold to go to India. Horse and pony races at the Grange on Easter Monday. Elton scratched for the great Eastern Steeplechase. O'Connor, the Canadian sculler, is anxious to wear the champion's belt. The inter-university race is the all-absorbing topic in rowing circles now. The Port fire brigade was found to be in a state of efficiency on Friday afternoon. Should Deeming evade the clutches of the law in Australia he will still be indictable in England as the perpetrator of the Rainhill murder. The steamer Hubbuck and the clipper Torrens took between them a large and valuable shipment of South Australian produce for London. NOTEWORTHY SAVINGS. When you doubt, do not act. Truth is often eclipsed, but never extin- guished.—Livy. He who studieth revenge keepeth his own wounds green.—Bacon. The man who most enjoys prosperity will most acutely feel adversity.—Horace. Vice stings us, even in our pleasures; but virtue consoles us, even in our pains.—C. C. Colton. Time destroys the groundless conceits of men; it confirms decisions founded on reality, —Cicero. I find the doing of the will of God leaves me no time for disputing about His plans.—George MacDonald. It is best to love wisely, no doubt, but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.—Thackeray. Politeness is the natural expression of a refined nature. The counterfeit is always easily distinguishable from the genuine article. Learning to love any one is like an increase of property; it increases care and brings new fears lest precious things should come to harm. To disclaim praise is to dwell upon it, and yet if one is silent one is supposed to "swallow everything." I see nothing but to talk of some thing else upon the first practicable opening. The joy resulting jrom the diffusion of bless ings all around us is the purest and subliinest that can ever enter^the human mind, and can be conceived only by those who have ex perienced it.—Bishop Porteus. Men seldom appreciate the fact that though, women pay really value silent affection, what they chiefly prize are those little courtesies and attentions which a man is ready to offer to any woman except his own wife. Meditation is the life of the soul; action is the soul of meditation; honor is the reward of action; so meditate that thou mayest do; so do that thou mayest purchase honor for which purchase give God the glory.—F. Quarles. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. "I don't see why babies cry all the time," re- marked Bobby, "Poor little things," re- plied his sister; "that's the only way they can have any fun." Epitaph for a photographer—Taken from life. Mamma was peeling the potatoes. "Can't I help you undress them?" asked Myra. "Ah, I say, have you any books on cricket?" Shopman—"No; nothing except Dickens's 'Cricket on the Hearth.' " Enthusiast "Well, give me that." "Whatever made you make Brackins a pre- sent of a pocket-comb; he's as bald as a billiard ball." "That's just it; I want to make him think I never noticed it." It is always well to be charitable. The woman who enters a theatre after the perfor- mance has commenced may have been obliged to wait until she washed up her dinner-dishes. "Oh, Harry, I told you not to tell any one your sister is to be married," said mamma. "I didn't tell any one," replied Harry, innocently; "I whispered it to a boy in school." Fogg—"Oh, you are too hard on Flimsley. He has his faults, but there is one good thing about him." Brown—"And pray what is that?" Fogg—"He—er—I can't recall it at just this moment." Clergyman (showing a lady visitor round the church)—"So, madam, you have now seen the organ and the nave, I should like next to conduct you to the altar." Lady—"Oh, this is so sudden." A professor of theology, speaking of Balaam's ass, said that "it is very wrong to doubt but that the ass had been able to speak like a man, when they every day heard so many men speak like asses." Mrs. De Pretty—"Horrors! That woman who just passed is a young man in disguise." Husband—"Well! well! How do you know? Mrs. De Pretty—"She looked at my face instead of my dress." . In Chicago.—Mr. Stranger—"Have you no orphan asylum here?" Mr. Granger—"What do we need of such an institution? Under our liberal divorce laws every child has more parents than he knows what to do with." Schubegel (setting down his beer mug)— "Hansey, vy don't you pring dot sauerkraut?" Hans—"I can't find it anywhere, fader." Schubegel (with suppressed wrath)—"Gott! Den vy don't you look somever else for it once already?" Quester—"Do you think that, had Shake- speare lived in our day, he would have attained the same degree of fame that we now accord him?" Jester—"Upon one condition, yes." Quester—"And what is that?" Jester—"If he'd let poetry alone and become an expert football player." Employer—"Now, Patrick, I shall expect you to work from sunrise to sunset." Pat (at the close of the day, watching the sun set, looks over his shoulder and sees the moon) "Begorra! this is the greatest country I iver saw. One sun don't no more than go down whin they hang up another." "Have you fixed up my will?" said the sick man to Lawyer Quillins.—"Yes." "Every thing as right as you can make it?"—"En- tirely so." "Well, now I want to ask you something—not professionally, but as a plain every-day man. Who do you honestly think stands the best show for getting the property?" Miss Twitter—"I want to ask you some- thing, Mr. Penn, I hope (blushing) you won't think me too forward?" Steele Penn—"Have no hesitation, Miss Twitter." Miss Twitter— —"I am going to have some handkerchiefs embroidered, and I was wondering if it would be safe to have the initials of my maiden name placed on them." Young mother (in ecstacy)—" Yes, my little niece, this is your teeny weeny little baby cousin. Isn't he a darling, bless his itsy tootsy wootsies. He can talk too. Sit up, baby, and talk to your little cousin." Baby—" Goo, goo, woo, mawoy, wow, wow, goo, goo." Little niece (in disgust)—"I've dot a new doll at home at talks better zan either of you." Bessie was dressing her doll, while Master Frank, who was out of humor, spoke to her in a very teasing way. She was quick tempered, but in this instance did not retort. "Bessie," her mamma said, "Frank talked very dis- agreeably to you. It was very nice of you not to answer back as you do sometimes." "Mamma," replied Bessie, "I wanted to, but couldn't. I had my mouth full of pins." First young man,(at summer resort)—"I have met a good many amateur photographers, but I never saw one quite so devoted to the fad as you are." Second young man—"I never take photographs." "Eh? Then why do you carry that detective camera round with you all day, week in and week out?" "Be- cause when the girls see me coming all the ugly ones run away and all the pretty ones stay." There is a story told of a veteran night editor who, for some reason, had a couple of days off. For years he had reached his home about 6 o'clock in the morning, slept until late in the afternoon, and been obliged to rush off to his work. His children naturally saw but little of him. On this occasion he found it necessary to correct his youngest daughter for some flagrant breach of discipline. The child rushed to her mother, flushed with indignation —"Mamma," she exclaimed, "that man with whiskers that sleeps here in the day time spanked me." 