THE SILENT SEA. Br "Antari.o Author of " An Australian Girl." BOOK II. CHAPTER I. Victor had several times before this s;wnt an hour or so with the Challoners, b-it always in the evening, between 8 and 10 o'clock. On these occasions he had become acquainted with all the occupants of the house but one— the host and hostess; Kunhemia, the host's stout, rosy-cheeked daughter, p!,ici;l and silent, and much given to bl-.i-Inn^ ; .Shun^- Loo, who ha.d learut the secret of swift and noiseless action ; and tho cheerful noisy Jri. ;h general servant, whose good in;ention>; wero far in excess of her performances, lie li.id heard Miss Lindsay named from tima to time, and building a theory on some of those inferences too vague to bo called thoughts, concluded she was a middle-aged lady, probably something of an invalid. His intercourse with Mr. and Airs. ChaUoner had been frc-m the first on a pleasant and friendly footing. They had invited him to spend his Sundays at Stonehouse any time lie felt inclined. But hitherto he had spent them with the University ohum he mentioned in his first letter to Miss Paget, at Wynans, the rabbitinfested station. On this afternoon he chatted with Mr. and Mrs. Challoner for some time, and then went into his own room to write. As he was going tliere Mrs. Challoner told him that if lio felt inclined to sit on the western vurj.uaa;i at any time, he would always find a comfortable chair there. After writing several pages to Miss Paget he availed himself of this invitation. Taking a book and a cigar with him, he went round to the western verandah. The curtains were all drawn. Before his eyes Lad grown used to the semi-gloom, he heard a sound that startled him strangely. It was the sound of one sobbing in bitter grief. A young girl, in an armchair, at the open French window, her face buried in her hands, was within a few paces of him. She had not heard his approach, and ho tried to steal away without attracting her attention. But he could not for a moment withdraw his eyes from the slenderly rounded graceful figure from the exquisite head, with its wealth of deep amber hair, bend low in an abandonment of sorrow. And thus trying to do two things at a time—a performance against which we haveall at one time or another been warned—he stumbled heavily over a chair. Doris, hastily wiping away her tears, looked up. Their eyes met. "I am awfully sorry," began Victor, and then ho stood, colouring deeply, unable to take his eyes off the face upturned to bim, to look away from those wonderful eyes, radiant even in their sorrow. Doris got up as if to go inside. There was a little wicker table by the chair on which she had been sitting, covered with crayons and water-colour sketches. Hue began to gather them up. •'Pray do not let me disturb you. I will go back to my room again. I did not know j there was any one here," said Victor, coming nearer to her. j "Oh, no, don't go away please,"said Doris softly. She tried to look at him, but the great tears were again rising in spite of her, and she half averted her face. "I am afraid you are hurt, or in pain, I am so sorry — so very sorry — to see you iu distress." | There was so much kindness and hsartfelt sympathy in his voice that Doris felt constrained to make some response. " You must think I am very foolish." ; "Oh, no, no! I am only sorry I cannot do something for you. I am afraid you have had some bad news." " No—not news; there is nothing more that could happen tolne," she replied, speaking in a very low tone, so that her voice might not utterly breakdown. , " I—I did not know of your coming; I had cot heard," said Victor; and then he suddenly paused, asking himself whyiie made so sure that Shung-Loo's mistress was an invalid middle-aged lady 1 Had any one ever said so ? Had any one, in fact, said" anything beyond speaking of Miss Lindsay? But how was one to imagine that this represented a beautiful young girl with an air of distinction and refinement rare anywhere, but little less than astounding in a spot so isolated from the higher graces of civilization. These thoughts passed rapidly through his mind, ending with the reflection that he had made a most foolish and inept reply to the pathetic words the girl had uttered. He had in truth lost his head, and— he had better clear. "I am so vexed I disturbed you," he said, "Would you like me to raise the curtains before I go ?" " Oh. but you must not go; you came tc rend. You are Mr. Fitz-Gibbon, I think; I have heard Mrs. Challoner and Euphemia speak of you." It seemed to Victor a distinction conferred on him to hear his name spoken by that Eoftly modulated, musical voice. 7'bere was something toD irresistible in her direct simplicity, her clear, candid gaze. " I shall be only too glad to stay if I do not disturb you, he said, and ou that Doris resutr.ed her seat and took up a chair-back on which she was outlining figures in pale ami dark blue. Victor rolled up the curtains, and sat in tbe chair over which he had stumbled, and took up his book, but the words danced before him and the lines ran together. Then ho perpetrated felony with hi= eyes. Still holding the book before him as if he were reading, he stole plances at the girl who was sitting barely six ] feet away from bim. She was in a thin black dress, relieved only with narrow white lisse at the liiroatand wrists. She began to sew, her long thick lashes downcast, and as he looked he saw a great tear roll down her cheek and then another. He felt choked with compassion, yet when she had spoken of her trouble he had made so imbecile a reply. Tliere was something infinitely touching in the grief of one so j | young and so much alone in the world. If he j could only say something — something to | distract her thoughts ! He rustled the leaves i of hls book an d cleared his throat. Doris furtively wiped her eyes and bent a little lower I i over her work, and the silence remained ua broken. Then Shung-Loo came in his usual noiseless way with a white silk shawl. '• It neal sunset now, MisB Dolis." She took the shawl from him with a litt'e smile of thanks, and put it over her shoulders. "Oh, Miss Dolis, you have clied, you must not," he said in an impressive whisper. " No, Shung; I am not going to again," she said humbly. Then Shung-Loo disappearud as noiselessly as he bad come. As soon as she was alone again—she felt satisfied that Mr. Fitz-Gibbon was buried in his book—Doris took up the corner of the shawl and held it to her lips, and her tears flowed afresh uncontrollably. "Miss Lindsay, I ought not perhaps to speak to you when you are in such trouble; but you kindly asked me to stay—and—and—I cannot bear to see you cry." Victor had put down his book and drawn his chair closer. His voice vibrated with emotion, and, in fact, his eyes were moist. "Oh, I thought you were reading." she said brokenly. "Everyone tells me I ought not to cry, and I seldom do." " Would you find it very hard to tell me why you are so sorrowful? But don't if it hurts you; only" " It is because my mother has left me. She is gone; she can never come back to me. : Khe did not sob, but the tears were falling as fast as raindrops, her filmy laced haudkerchief was soaked, her lips and hands were quivering. " I would give the world if I could say something to comfort you," said Victor, speaking little above a whisper. "But ycu cannot—no one can," pIip said through her tears, vainly struggling for composure. Even ill the midst of his distress, Victor felt a half-inclination to smile at the uneomprowising sincerity of this little speech. It was evidently hopeless to trot out any of the servieeable platitudes that- people use to bridge over those depths of grief in which they have no personal share. Still, even to make her talk a little helped to stem the tears which gave him so horribly uncomfortable a sensation in the throat. This constrained him to make another effort. " You know, eveiv one feels badly hurt at some time," he said lamely enough, keenly conscious, even as he uttered > the words, that any stnnl! efli.^cy they may ] ever have possessed iu binding up a broken spirit would be now ruthlessly weighed in the balance and found wanting. "Has your mother died, too?"' asked Doris, looking up with tears trembling on her lashes. " No—oh no ! She was quite well when she last wrote to me.' : " Then you came away from her ? You left her?" said Doris, a little shade of mistrust creeping into her manner. " Oh, well, you know, young men nearly always do," he explained. " Don't they love their mothers a - much as girls do, then?" asked Doris. Sho glanced up at Victor, her lips slightly parted, a look of dawning interest in her face, as if the incmgruities of his kcx were for the first time brought home to her. "Oh yes; I think most of them do—only, you know, there is a difference," he replied anxious, he could not say why exactly, to make her believe as well of his kind as possible. "Girls, of course, mostly stay with their mothers till they marry" j "I would never have left my mother, never, —never," she answered with slow emphasis. "What a pretty place this is!" he said, which picking had up fallen one of to tbe the water-colour ground. He sketches felt all the absurdity of this abrupt change. But he wanted above all things to lead the talk away from dangerous topics. " That is Ouranie, our old home, where I was born, and where maman and I always lived tocetlier,"ehe answered softly. Then she turned over the rest of her mother's sketches and showed him the shadowy corner in the garden where the violets used to carpet the ground, and the tangled banks of Gauwari, with tho tail trevs growing overhead. Doris had by a great effort rscoveicd her composure, but her gncf had br-cn tu • suddenly arrusted, and the pictures of her old home awoke too many tender memories; fearful that she might again break down ^he rase, saying, " If you vonM like to sec them, I will show you se:nc nioi'c of mother's drawings another lin.c;" and fhc-n, v:tl: c;-;u-e litiie bjw, she Wfiit :r.to her ..-.va room i'.iro'.^h the open l-'rtuch window. She liaii been for some t. : i;i.; that-afternoon looking over these to<5 «• •'.l-reiiiciuln-redseanes, the last her mother' bad sketched and painted, till it sensed to her as if her mutlier was quite near. "Oh, maniaii darling, it is sometimes so very stiange without you '." she said. Then she had fallen ;isleep, an-.i in her sleep she dresiat a dream <lcar and beautiful, as the imieimost circle of heaven could have been, tier mother came to her with the old tender finile and words, the old cire-ising touch. But in the moment that her heart was throbbing for exceeding joy, she awoke to find herself alone. In the cruel reaction, ehe was overcome with a grief keener than that of the first days of her bereavement. It was then that Victor had come. When he was left alone, ho sat for some moments lookiag ! blankly at the sketch hi had first taken up, ' and whi'-h Doris l:sd 1- ft behind l:-r. V. e.i, j •., <•£ a iearfr.1 jackass '. I might have I known that these were probably the very j things that made her cry so. Poor little : darling! . . . Well, she is a little more than a child. . . . What wond-.-rful cvos. what a perfect face altogether! . . . it is curious, but it seems as if I had often seea a face like hers in my dreams. . . . TIk- expression is just that of the beautiful little i Virgin in Titian's picture of the Presentation— ' hat serious dove-like innocence." These and divers other thoughts, more or is confused, passed in rapid succession through the young man's mind. He looked at the sketch a long time, talcing in all the details of the tranquil home where this beautiful young girl had probably lived all her life, with the ivother sho ivould never have left. "She seemed to be a little suspicious of me because I had Jeftn.y mother," he rejected, smiling. " If I had only known what to say! . . . It must have been dreadful for the pior dear child to lose her mother To think I have been so inniiy nights under the same roof with her without knowing it. . Then he reflected with imint-use chagrin that he had declined to spend the evening at St onehouse V'cause of '/ilia's blue-ribbon meeting. He felt half inclined to go to Mrs. Challoner and ask her to let him come, after all. as it aid not matter so very much abjut playing a stupid little melody to a lot of rowdy miners. But when he played his stupid little tune aa 'hour iater in the small schoolroom, crowded with the miners and their families, and a large proportion of the inhabitants of Colmar, "NorahCreina"was so rapturously cncored that he had to play again. It was a rough assembly with several larrikins in the back seats • who joiner 1 in the choruses when there were nny, invented parodies on certain recitations, ana called out to the performers by name to cheer or depress them. This hitter was especially the case if any one gave a reading of a didactic cast. " That's hawfully dry 'ash !" one would cry out. " But tnen, 'tis to do yenr immortial soul good, Jack," another would respond. "We didn't come 'ere because of our bloomin' souls; we come 'ere to have a lark," would be shouted out if the unfortunate reader still persisted in the reading with a purpose. But no musical performer, unless very obnoxious to the crowd, was ever interrupted. " Angkore ! angkore! go it, young un ! you knows 'ow to handle the fiddle!" "Giveus snother chane, Mr. Purser! they're worth twenty tractses." On being thus adjured Victor played from memory Beethoven's "Adelaide" with variations. The melody, weighted with impassioned yearning, swept him into hitherto unsuspected depths of feeling. The winds of evening in the blossomheavy bowers, May's silvery lilies of the valley, .streams in their leafy channels, nightingales 1 louring out their souls in ecstaey, all whispering and breathing and murmuring and fluting the beloved name. A—de—la—i—de! A— de—la—i—de ! What had given such unaccustomed skill to the young man's fingers ? what had suddenly kindled his instincts and imagination and heart with such swift intuition of the inner meaning of the great musician's masterpiece of a lover's incommunicable rapture and sorrow ? The applause of the audience at the close was noisier than ever, the room more stifling. Victor was glad to get out under tlie starlit sky, cutting short Roby's profuse thank3 and big words about "valyable "clp in a good work." On leaving the township, ho walked back to Stonehouse by a circuitous route. He approached the house by the western verandah. There was a light in one of the windows: he stood looking at it for some time. Then, with a profound sigh, he went round tu his own, roosu. and therewas his uniinishedletterto Miss Paget staring him in the face. He ought to finish it to-night, so that it might be posted to-morrow, and reach town in time for tlie outgoing mailboat. But what an apre it took him to write a page and a half, and how ctifi' and fragmentary'the close of the letter seemed on reading it over ! He decided it would be better not to write at all when one I felt so incomprehensibly stupid. As he reached | this conclusion, he found hiu self staring hard I into vacancy, recalling the sweep of heavy ; golden-brown lashes wet with tears. And this I made him ask himself the question why he had in ad i: no mention of an event that had ! interested him so deeply. He went on with a sort of wrathful catechism, with eloquent blanks by way of answer. He lay long awake that night, and the upshot of his night vic;:l was that, instead of spending part of Sunday at Stonehouse as he had thought of doinsr. or going across to Wynans as he had half promised Maurice, he went for a solitary ride towards the north-west. After going four or five miles from the Mine in this direction, the country became more diversified. There were numerous low reefs, ridged in places with dead-white, milkylooking quartz, and others with innumerable ironstone "blows." Watercourses, too, were jiiuc-h more frequent than in any other part of the district—watercourses with wide shallow beds, filled with gravel and red dust, with broken pieces of hungry and crystalline quartz, mingled in places with fine specimens of glassy £ix-sided prismatic crystals. The region was full of experimental shafts and the remains of small alluvial diggings. Challoner's run verged on I the western side of this auriferous tract, the I boundary between beiur marked in one spot • by a large broken-down whim, the massive posts bleachedwhitewithtliefierysunsofmany 1 rummers. Behind this whim was an abrupt blackish rock, that gave weird echoes of any sound that broke the silence. It was a desolate spot, speaking eloquently of the drought that had ravaged the district four years before, j Striking off irom this in a northerly direction, Victor rode towards Broombush Creek, which was four miles off. This creek took itB name from being near its rise densely lined with I that shrub. It was the largest watercourse in the district, with wide gravelly reaches, ?Iosely neighboured by innumerable little reefs, and rises with a water-worn, denuded aspect. "There ought to be alluvial gold here, it anywhere." thought Victor as he struck the creek. He had heard it was seldom found without a lonely prospector here and there prowling in its vicinity. There was evidently one not far off now. for as he rode on following the sinuous windings of the watercourse, he saw a film of smoke ahead of him, rising in wavering fragments till they were lost in j the blue air. The sight gave him a feeling of j pleasurable excitement. Perhaps he was going to ccine on the early beginnings of a great goldfield. As he went ou he noticed innumer- i able trenches and small pits, now partly ] choked up, most of them evidently of old date, j They weie on each side of the wide shallow j watercourse, some on the face of the banks j and in the bed of the creel:. Two or three of j the latter wr-re quite rec-r-nt. Xe.ir one of j these he noticed a broken shovel. Half a mile li-yond ho came in sight of the spot from ! which the smuke ascended. chapter ir. It was a curious little encampment, in the vicinity of an old well. Near it stiKHl a horse in hobbles, looking around with r_ contemplative air, as if he wero accustomed to a couutry in which it was casiet to think than to feed. A little further on stood what at first glance looked like an irregular sort of tent. It w.n a cart covered with a large discoloured tarpaidin, held dowii with stones at the back and sides. In front it was fastened back ou each side of the shafts. Close to the cart a wood fire was smouldering. Between the fire and the cart an elderly man was sitting on a low three-legged stool before an empty deal c.ise turned upside down. He was smoking a pipe with a long manyjcii.tcd stein, aud dealing out a pack of cards ill two heaps. He was under the shade of a group of sandal-wood trees on the bank of the creek, yet his soft felt hat was pulled so low over his eyes that as Victor approached lie could see little of the man's face. Neither did he seem to notice the sound of the horse's hoofs. Victor halted within a few feet of the fire, expecting that the solitary smoker would look up. But be went on dealing out the cards in unbroken silence, so engrossed in hie occupation that he seemed oblivious of the rider's presence. "Good-day, sir. May I come in?" said Victor at last, riding a little nearer. Tbe man did not etart, nor show any appear- ance of surprise. Holding the cards he had in his right hand fanwise, and pushing his hat back a little, he looked at his visitor. "You may come under sncti shade as there is, certainly, young man ; bv.t to ask you to come in is beyond my power. "' " But is it agreeable to vuii that I should come under the shade ?" "Agreeable is a comparative term." "Ah, X 1 see, you really d..n't d,.n't want to b-j interrupted. 1 1 Well, please excuse my intrusion.'' "Intrusion? InhiicTftn *t Not a n bit 1-• t of .,-F it! •'Come n.. under i . ; the shade and have a pannikin of coffee. By . the way, do you like coffee ?" i "Oh yes, very much," said Victor, who was really loath to go away without having some : talk with this eccentric recluse. ' At the first glance he did not look very much unlike the ordinary bush labourer. B'ic as soon as he spoke it was evident that ho belonged to a different class. " I cannot offer you a chair." he said, after Victor had dismounted and fastened his horse to one of the sandal-wood trees; "and I fear there is a slight weakness in one of the legs of this stooL But I ought to have a box somewhere equal to your weight." j He dived in under the cart and brov.^'it out • an empty kerosine case, on which Victor seated himself, with an apology for the trouble he gave. ' "It's uo trouble at all," returned his host. ! "In fact, I should probably not give you a seat if it involved any trouble, if you'll excuse me for a few moments I'll finish this game with Jack." " Jack ! where is he?" said Victor, looking round with surprise. "He is not visible to the material eye,"' answered the man gravely. "He formed my acquaintance shortly afterl dropped out of the ranks. I think he bad some vague idea of setting up in the ghost business ; but I didn't approve of that line, so I adopted him into the bosom cf the family, so to speak. He plays a ' very good game in his own way—a very good game indeed." He went on smoking and dealing out the cards very fk-wly. It was apparent from the heaps already . the table, and the number still in his hand, iii.it there must be two packs of cards required for the g?.:ne that "Jack" played. Victor watch< d its progress with great interest, pleased with the thought that he had by chance cume in contact with one of those solitary men who are sometimes known in the Australian bush as "real characters." " By the Great Llama, Jack has won !" said the playt-r, as ho faced the last card. " I hope that does not mean you lose a great deal':'' "Well, perhaps not. It just means that I may go on to Colmar to-morrow; that i?, Sunday. I made a bet with -lack on the fcubiect." "Sunday? No—to-day is Sunday." " You must be mistaken." " Indeed I am not. Yesterday was Saturday—le day is Sunday." The inau with a perplexed look counted on his fingcis. "Monday I gave up fossicking; Tuesday I eame hen : Wednesday I went to the little shanty at Starvation Creek, where they sell giog on the sly: Thursday I returned with a furious headache and a few bricks fo: the pavement of hell; Friday I went aero--; - . -.. Van Dieintn's Nick : and Saturiaj', th.-: r.>day, I sank an experimental trench t:l! .'i o'clock, and broke a shovel. In face of su -h an alibi, bow can you explain your methjd of counting the days ?" "Perhaps you will be angry at my explanation," said Victor, laughing. "Anger is a moral luxury in which I have long ceased to indulge. Let us have your explanation." " The next time I get drunk it shall be with those who have the fear of God in them. That carries Tjics my opinion of the alibi." •Ihe mail's face slowly relaxed into a smile, and he looked at his visitor with some interest, " You young rascal !"' he said, in a tone of amusement: "you think because you get tipsy yourself with boon companions that a man of my standing indulges in the same weakness. , .- .-, .- Perhaps you - are - rigat -f,— about —---. the day. I p.uppose you ve lived all your life in places crowded with the human species, where you kno::k every day into hours full of appointment?, with men who cheat you and women who deceive you. I slung up that form of being happy many years ago." "And the meantime you lose a Sunday occasionally, and find Jack stealing a march ou you. But do you think he won this game fairly, seeing that to-morrow is Monday?" said Victor, who longed to ?lean snore information regarding the habits of the partner who was not visible to the material eye. But the man did not at once reply. He went to the fire, and pushing the smouldering sticks together till they burst- into a flime, he put a copper saucepan half full of coffee ou the fire. Then he produced a second pannikin aud handed it to Victor nearly full of that btv. rage, veiy strong and of excellent flavour. " Did you see any one at work on your way here," he asked, as he relit his pipe and resumed his seat. " An old man, for instance, with a battered profile, as if people had been till ing stones at him for half a century "I saw no one since I left Colmar till I came heie/' ' What! did you come from Colmar, from th i Mine?" " Yea; I'm living there at present: I'm pmser at the Mine." "The purser? By Jove! you don't look much like it." "I give ><;u iny word that lean add two end two at the last shot," said Victor with a tinile. "Oh, I don't doubt it! But why a young fellow like you should be at the Colmar bothers inc. I should have thought you would at least be feeling pretty down on your luck, instead of which you go about with violet eyes, and a sini e that embraces all creation." ' It must be your very good coffee that's getting into my head if I look so benevolent." "All, you find the coffee good? I'll give you the recipe for making it. Get the best Arabian beans: green, mind you. Roast them till they are quite brown, but not black. Then take two handfuls and bruise tbem between two stones. Put that amount to two pints of water in a copper saucepan, and let the water*.-ome to boding point slowly without the lid. That's the way the M'zabites of El- Aphouat made coffee when I lived in Sahara for some time several years ago. But now tell me about the Colmar. Who is robbing that Mine now for the shareholders !"_ t " No one, I hope," answered Viator. " Do you know much about the place ' I lived there six or seven months some time , 1 1 wonder if you are the man Searle spoke about ? ' " By the name of Oxford J im ':" ^ "Yes." " The same? Has Searle 1 gone away " Yes ; I came in his place." " And who is the Manager now | "Mr. William Trevaskis." " You don't mean that?" said the man with a start. "William Trevaskis, eh? The last time I had the honour of seeing him he was rolling to Government House in a carriajre lined with violet velvet, or something of that kind. Back to the old life, eh ? Well, that is . a piece of news !" " But how is it you didn't hear it before, j living within ten miles of the Mine ?" " Because I have for the last three months been not living, but biding, like the modest peony, burrowing little shafts, turning over gravel drift in dry tributaries of the sandy Proombush Creek, most of the time two miles from here, where no man comes. Excepting Van Diemen Nick—my friend with the ha*- ' tend phiz—I have not spoken to a soul fur ' eleven weeks till you came to day " 'For eleven wec-ks entirely alono ! Why, it's like solitary confinement!"' said Victor, looking round at ihe eerie desolation of tho great neutral-tinted plain, which, in the declining light of the afternoon sun, assumed more and more the hx>k ot a lim'tless ocean, without sound or colour e>r moves:.• iit. "Yes — solitary ce.nfir.eir.crt ' v i th hard labour thrown ic. .\:;d yet iri.K-s likely six months from this, wl • n 1 am Hiding my nuggets, eating the hu>ks which tic- swinn dill eat, I shall be sorry I left the Sai'bn.-Ii c-juntiy." • l^ our nuggets? 1 hen yuu have found gold ?"' "Oh, a little more than the colour, answered Oxford Jim, with a satisfied laugh, and glancing behind hiui under the cart. Victor looked also, but all he could see were a few ordinary digger's tools, a roughly constructed cradle, a shove;] or two, a pick, and two rusty dishes. But somehow the conviction grew on him that the solitary prospector had turned up trumps. '"Yes; a little more than tho colour," he i went on, still smoking. His pipe had a very i deep bowl, and the smoke, which ascended in blue spiral columns, seemed to Victor to have an acrid odour foreign to ordinary to'ncco, " But what is gold to a man like me, an exile, an outcast, with a hateful past and no possible future; with every chance in life exhausted, every avenue closed ? Some one says that each man bears his own tragedy about with him. I know what mine is well." A vague look had come into the man's eyes, but there waB a sort of mild exaltation in his face, and notwithstanding the melancholy despair of his utterances he seemed to find a certain enjoyment in giving them expression. "You are too much alone, you are morbid in consequence," said Victor, who was touched by the thought of the man's dreary isolation. " Morbid ! Good Lord ! what can make vou as morbid as your fellow-creatures, when you begin to undertand them ? Snakes and dingoes and lizards are amiable sentimentalists ia comparison with the bulk of mankind." Victor could not refrain from laughing. " For iny own part," he said, " I should like to be spared the amiable weakness of a carpet snake I" 'Oh, as for that, a carpet snake is a harmless worm compared to your own kind of both ^ sexes. He does not come to you with a smiling face till he gets a good opportunity to sting yon. Ah, you may smile; you'll find it out for yourself one day. Now, tako that man iicvAski; as an instance. I worked with him for a year and a half lifteen years a<*o. He was riii-king money fast, and had thousands of pounds uivestid, I sai.J t„ onedav, 'I oiidir why you keep .vi king Iil ;e~ this j when you have so much. 1 ! "-Oh,' he, said, ' I made • — . . . up my mind when J. was quite a boy that 1 would niike ciioutrh money some- how or other to live like a jnjiitleu.aii, and I me.in to do it None of you^ poky, t'ij'^'j" iiu!e incomes, but something substantial s>::rl hi.ndsome." i'cor- old chap ! it's rather rough on him to huri |iU money, after all." "lis: l.ut my feeling is that, on the whole, it £«.-rvcd him right," said Oxford Jim vindii tively. "When he said that tome, I said half jokingly, ' Wouldn't it bo a good thing to k?r;i to speak like a gentleman, Bill, before 3 <ju come on the stage as a man of money and lr.shion?' He took up the id>>a quite seriously then* and then. ' Suppose you give me les- Mins.' he saiel, ' in jironoiini ifi^ ainl writing? 1'il pay you well for it.' I dldu'twant to make a money affair of the matter. Indeed, I thoiipht it would drop through in a month or to. But no, he was too determined ; I never saw a man tiiat stuck to any plan in all my life as he did, once his mind was made up. Every evening during a whole year he woilc-jd away for hours like a nigger; and then he would get up by candlelight and study again, writing out pages of dictation. Of course we grew very chummy in that time. I used to vary my essons in pronouncing and spelling by telling him of the ways of living among the civilized aces of the earth, developing his conceptions of society as if I were a sort of unedited Manual of Etiquette." Here the S]leaker suddenly burst into laughter. " If you don't know much of the vagaries of. busli life," he said, " this may serve as a specimen for you. A man of fifty-five who grubs about in the wilds as a labouring drudge, and has lived the life of a wandering sarage, for over twenty years, can still give instruction in ilic social ethics of society." He had ceased smoking, and his utterance war> now a little heavy. | "Then what was the upshot5'' asked Victor | "The upshot was that when I returned) after bc-icg in Africa and the East, some time ago, 1 <h;:tcd to Adelaide on my way to Blanchewatcr. Five years ago I saw Trevaskis, | fate to facp, in his role of gentleman; I, as usual, a poor devil in dusty clothes on the dusty highway, and—he cut me dead." j " Surely he couldn't ha;e known you ?" | "Oh yes. ho did : I caught his eye. Well, ' 1 believe I'll take the change out of him yet. ;' I'm at a loose end just now. I want to wait for an old friend of mice who i- coming down from the Far North. I might as well stay at | Colmar—better than going to town, indeed. : 1 11 most likely trundle across to-night nr tomorrow. You won't begone before then?" | "Oh no. You see I have an interest in the C'.linar Mine, and" | "Oh, you have an interest in it, have you? Thin just let me tell you a little secret," said ; i ;ian, with -' a sudden " gleam of excite- —... overcoming a drowsiness which began l_::i'.U;ally to make itself apparent in his voice and manner. " Search the caverooin well." ! "Oh, it was well searched by the late Manager'' j "Dunning, the man who was killed, you mean : Ah, I know a little about the sort of search he was making. Never mind, you take my advice. Tell Trevaskis you met an old m an prospecting out at Broombush Creek, who advised you to turn over the floor of the caveroom, with a passage between it and the Manager's office. Don't fll him it was : Oxford Jim who gave the advice, and don't let him search it alone!" "Perhaps we had better have a couple of policemen to look after us both," said Victor, in a jesting tone. I "Oh no, you haven't been long enough m the world, or in the gold business, to acquire the usual morals. . . . But there is a scientific , classification of liars that I should advise you I to keep in mind—the simple liar, the damned liar, and the mining Manager," answeivd the man sombrely. ! "Well, good-by! I expect 111 see you again; though. I should do better to stay in the taltbush country than mix with the human race," he added, when Victor rose to go. The sun was low on the horizon as he rode back tn the Mine, his mind full of speculations regarding the lonely prospector. How had he eome to have such a profound sentiment of the iiuitii;".»y of life, to be so penetrated with the iMiiviction that henceforth nothing could change the course of his own existence, or make the world a fascinating place to live in? Tho thought that a human being could be so joyless and stranded, and perhaps, too, the ! solitary desolation of the coimiry around him ' gave the young man an uih:.-l-.i1 feeling of 1 depression. But as he passed Stonehouse a curious glow of gladness stoh' ';eer bim, and liiE ride appeared to him in the light of an interesting event, one that might lead to the discovery of an unsuspected treasure. \ 