Tho Oasis (JInb Papers. NO. II.— ON IBSEN. (dy bbnkst shbap ) Gentlemen,— When, tho last Sundiy that ever there was, our estcineil and gifted secretary informed me that I was *' put down to read a paper on Ibsen ' to-night, you might have knocked me down with a feather. I suggested with a faltering voice that I would read a little of what someone elso wrote, on some interesting topic— a short piece that would bo more, worthy the attention of this literary and critical society, than any attempt of mine; that I had from time to time writton papers connected with my work, but that I was really unequal to tho task of writing on Ibsen. My pleading was of no avail. Gently but firmly/ our secretary in sisted, and as a parting shot, remarked that tho papers wero expected to be original and th-t they wore probably to be printed ! A sparo hour or two during tho week has given but a short time for such a subject. 1 may say I hare r«ad in periodicals several reviews of Ibson— aud I am told that thero aro some books about him to bo got at Robertson's and that there is a good selection at tho School of Arts. Nono of these are here made uso of. What' I give yoo.uro merely my persona' thought!, and vbe paper cannot bo other wuu than very imperfect anil fragmentary. I havo read several of Ibsen's plays, and when I have told you what I think of them, I will leave tho company here assembled to attack my views if they think fit, and by friendly debate and suggestion to correct them. Punch has very ably produced co-nic imita tions, which are well worth reading, and the Saturday Review has endeavoured to throw cold water on Ibsen. I greatly admire both Punch and tho Saturday Review, but while I do not worship at Ibsen's feet, after thn manner of a certain set in London, I admire Ibsen too. In tho first place, he is tbo enemy of cant and bypociisy, and, in l.he next place, he hsu made a troly scientific enicovour to exhibit human Uuractor «s the result of phynical types. This may bo objee or! to by somo as too materialistic, but I think it is work on tho right lineB. Before the time of my late celebrated master, Dr. Skao, of Morningside Asylum for the Insano, (Edinburgh), psychologists and alienists classified insanity according to mental pheno mena. Thus, thore were the ' melanoholic,' tho ' maniacal,' and so on, names which conveyed no conception of tho diseased con dition of the sufferer. Dr. Skae was the first to classify insanity according to associated conditions of impairment of bodily health and hprpriit.nrv ritunndi*. T moan Iia nrna tlwi firaf to insist that insanity was rr much s disease of tho body ns the mind. Thus, if we got a man who had been half starved and was weak and miserable, and had tho fixed delusion that he had murdered his grandmother, we did not sit down by him and try to prove to him that his grandmother had been dead many years and show him a copy of the certificate of her death from natural causes ; no, we made no allusiou to his relative ; we fed him up — with the stotnach pump if necessary— nnd did all wo could to improve his body. Thou when be b»gan to gsin weight and eat and sleep well, and his brain got a suppply of good blood, bis grandmother bothered him no more. Bat while I learo ic to others more competent than myself to deal with the literary merits of Ibsen, and give you hi these short notes only a kind of modico-philcsopbic view of him, I must not weary you too much with histories such as these. I could give vou many miner inscnuces or a similar diameter, bnt what I want to bring home to you is this, that if in a lunatic asylum all mental states are dependent on bodily conditions, surely all mental states are contingent on bodily con ditions out of lunatic asylums. Now, bodily condition dopends on race, climate, horeditary predisposition and environment, in which last I include education. I maintain that educa tion docs not only mean what we are taught or wliat we try to teach ourselves, but that every little thing we see or hear educates us one way or other. I am told that mathematicians and physicistB hold tbat a Bpeckof duBt cannot fall on a block of granite without having an effect, and I hold thr.t the toys and pictures a child 1 iok» at, and even the pattern of the wall paper in its nursery, all make their im pressions and have influences, difficult indeed to calculate, but no less real, on the course of its future career. Ibsen goes deeply into the influenco of heredity. He is not food for babes and suck lings, but he is food, and good food too, for the philosopher, the thinker, and the student. I would not put his works into the hands of the very young, any more tbnn i should think it proper for a child to hear all that I hear in my consulting room. IbBen goes to tbe root of things and displays human character aa he haB found it, in its weakness and also in its strength. It is not to be wondered at tbat superficial readers who take up his books should feel disappointed, instead of lovs making and adventure, to find ghastly por traits of their cousins and their aunts, or perhaps an unpleasant exposure of a weak side of their own characters. Or again, a mau may very fairly say, ' I read for aninsemcni, and I would not barrow my soul with there pictures of misery and woe any more than I would witness a surgical operation for enjoyment's sake.' A visit to Norway much enbancoa the interoBt attaching to all Ibsen's writings, and familiarity with the scenery and the homes and the manners of the people is a great help to picturing the plays in your mind, as you read. ? I have never had tho good fortunn to see one of Ibsen's play's acted, but if you read one of them carefully, I think you will find it easy, and absorbing, to follow the actions and motives of the characters, to watch tho types of the full-blooded, the imperfectly developed, tho weakly, and the criminal ; to see ' tho eins of the fathers visited upon the children ' and ' the seed of the righteous not begging their bread.' There is a good deal of sound science in the Bible. Most of yon may have recognised, in instances of crime aud diteaso, what is meant by the 'tbe sins of the fathers,' but perhaps not so many have pondered over the meaning of not seeing the ' righteous forsaken, or his seed begging their bread.' Now, I take it that the righteous, in the old times as now, was never a ' sundowner,' or a habitual drunkard, or a liar; consequently he was trusted and was nover long out of em ployment. The course of life led by him tended to a sound constitution, and he begot healthy children, and bade them also 'speak the truth and shame the devil.' Sent oat into tho world, these clear-skinned, bright eyed young persons, with their cheerful facca and frank armies, soon found their allotted task aranmrar. men. and livinc hunest find con tented lives, hare truly beon considered tbe 9nlt of the earth. Ono of Ibsen's plays is entitled ' Ghosts.' Now, as you are aware, one of the French words for ghost is revenanl — one who re turns. This is here more properly the moining. It is not the usual Xmas ghost story, no sheeted spectre walks the night, churchyards do not yawn and graves give up their dead. Tho son of a dissolute father lives the sad life preordained for him, and displays the mental characteristics of a deceased brain and an enfeebled nervous system. The picture may bo horrible, but it is truo. The noxt play in my book it ' An Enoiny of the People ' or in the original Die Folke Fiende (but I am not finite sure of the spelling) ' the people's devil,' or besetting demon. Hero we have a fine picturo of a medical man of healthy, sanguine tempera ment, working in a small community, and having the welfare cf tbat small community honestly at heart. Ho thinks when ho has discovered something far the benefit of all, truth and justice will be so apparent that he will need no help to carry out certain re forms. He finds his mistake, and I recom mend to you all the perusal of this most amusing and healthy work. Next iu my book !b 'The Wild Duck.' It has' its humorous and its pathetio Bides. I do not think any observations of mine are needed here. - 1 can only say, read it. And now. gentlemen, if I can claim your thanks for nothing else, let me take credit for not wasting too much of your pleasant evening. There are numbers of criticisms of Ibsen well worth your reading — (I seo my friend Phillip Wicksteed has written one.) I am mysolf but poorly informed and ill fitted for the task, but I hopo you will treat with iudulgenco this friendly chat amongst friends, and that it may perhaps bo the means of leading you to author who will well ropav your a ttontion. 