ANACi'R'S hIIORSE. THE OOLONEL'S STORY. I had a fine company on the road at the time, and the play which gained us the best houses through the pro. vinces was a serio-comic piece with a number of blood-curdling situations. The horse which the play required in certain scenes, and which we had taken. with us, suddenly died, and I have forgotten just why, but I know we had a great deal of difficulty in getting another animal which would be even in the least suitable. Finally, after no end of vexation and delay, a substitute was procured by our leading man, who himself rode the horse on the stage. I think I never saw a more ugly looking quadruped. In. color it was some grimy nonde script between a cream and a roun. Naturally rather undersized, it had been starved until it was scarcely more than a skeleton, and in spots the bare, scarred flesh showed the welts from an unsparing whip. With its gaunt head, its prominent joints and dejected aspect, it looked more like.the caricature of a horse than like a living animal. SEy the great Bucephalus ! Where in the name of Rosinanto did you get that walking spectre, Launce?' I exclaimed. The young actor's name was Launce Richmond. He was a handsome fellow, with a sinewy and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny hair, and blue eyes, and a skin as delicately pink and white as a woman's ; and, besides his physical attractions, he was as fine a fellow as ever walked on the stage or off it. My amusement seemed to mortify him ; but hte was not the sort of young man to yield a point because of a moment's embarassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at hinm. ' All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming and a little kindness,' my young friend answered me. ' He's as sound as a dollar ; the shape of his head indic.tes intelli gence, and those quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether.' '.Well, if you can train him for the required purpose I shan't grumble; but I don't imagine you will ever make a beauty of your prize scare crow.' Launce had correctly judged his t new pi session. La a month no one would have recognised the beast. His glossy coat in colour was a lovely dappled cre.t,, faintly patched with mah:ogany bh y. His limbs were smooth and supple. his intelligence was wonderful; he was perfectly docile, ;tad as playful as a kitten. With the gentleness and teachable qualities lie maatifested toward his new master an affection a;ltost. hunm-t:. About the time the animal was fully trained and everything was runnatn smuothly, one of our ladies secretly ' folded up her tent and stole away,' leaving us without notice or explana tion. She was one of tlhe principal characters in the piece, the rival of the heroine in the play ; we had no one capable of acting her past, anrd we were in a had predicament, as may be supposed. We had not discovered her absence until we had assembled at the theatre for the evening performance. And then somebody brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and all. While I was storming over the ill luck, and anathenratising the ruaaway nectress for her want of ordinary con sideratinn, a tall woman, closely seiled was ushered upon the stage where I was raging up and down like a madman. Well, ma.lain 7' I said shortly. Before she spoke the new comer darted a quick, furtive glance in every direction, and then removed her veil. The features disclosed were large and a trifle coarse, but not altogether unprepossessing. Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair which was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. There was something singular about her voice. I noticed it at once although I was too disturbed to ponder over the matter, and it failed to arouse my suspicions as it probably would have done at another time. She stated her erra ad in a few words. Shie was an actress, she assured me, I and iasmemnler of a company which had I disbanded in a neighhouridngtown. She had been informed of my difficulty, and she had come to offer herself for the part. As site lhad played in tihe same de.un. before, sihe was perfectly familiar with the lines. To prove the latter assertion, she struck an attitude and quoted from a thrilling dialogue in the third act. SA crowd was already collecting out side the threatre waiting for the doors to open, and it can be imagnned witha what relief I accepted the services of t the strange actress. I had stepped to the back of theI stage with her, and had called some . body to conduct her to her predecessor's ?:?#a.?ngt-rooan., when I heard a gasp and'thi-isi?u-ndo fsfalling body. .... At the same instant I caughlt aa smile upon the strange woman's face a which almost made me jump. It was the most startling expression of diabolical conning and fiendish triumph I ever ssw in my life. As she disappeared in the direction of the dressing-roomn, I returned to the * tage, anxious to learn the meaning of ( the sound I heard. Brenda Evelyt; my star, a most beautiful and adorable girl, was lying all in a hieap just outside the wings. I was on the point of going over to her whien Launce Richmondisuddenly sprang from thie wings and lifted her a in hlis armstn. -" My darling, what isiti What hass happened to you 7' heTcried in great I distress.' . . . t Sil-?'as recovering from ler faint, hut she was trembling.iiolently. Atlhis tender questions silte began to d cry piteously. - The two had long been lovers.? For t omne nnknown reason, Brenda had con tinually hIesitated about settling the wedding dlay; ilnt she had done so at last, and now they were to be married j in a few monthls. ' Oh, Launca I'm. afraid ! Oh, Launcca, we never ought to have loved e each other. If anything harms you i now I shall die i' shte sobbed distrac- I tedly. -r ' What has frightened you, sweet I You were happy as a bird a moment ago,' he asked her. She did not reply. She only clang to him, shuddering, murmuring in coherently, and weeping more piteously than before. It wasn't that woman who was here with Meredith just now'who has made you like this V Launce queried suddenly, The girl put her hands before her eyes, as if to shut out some awful sight. ' That was no woman I It was a ghost ! and it means death to you or me to-night,' she said, in a fearful whiqper. The appearance of a couple of scene shifters interrupted the unsatisfactory conference. And, still soothing her, Launce led her away. The incident had perplexed nme greatly, and1I was seriously uneasy. I was impressed, vaguely and yet power fully, with a sense of tragedy in the air. I could not get the fiendish smile of that strange woman out of my thoughts for an instant. What did 'it signify 7 What had she ever been to Brenda Evelyn, that the lovely young actress should fear her so intensely I These questions fairly haunted me. But the play of the evening pro gressed quietly enough. I noticed, however, that Brenda Evelyn did not regain her natural repose.of manner, and that she was straining every nerve to mantain even a semblance of composure. I noticed too, that Launce never ceased watching her with a perplexity and distress which he did not attempt to conceal. (To be continued in our next.) 