fiSygoec I'KOI'LI! were just a trifle. carious when John I'. Sheridan announced liis intention of plnyimr Conn in " The Shaughraun." Clever folks scouted (he idea of the lillle comedian able to do anything outside the Widoiv O'Hiien. Saturdny night, however, told the tale, ami to say that John P. more than astonished his wannest supporters, is putting it very mildly indeed. Mr. Sheridan tool: thy character from tin; rise of tlm curtain to the finish. ft. is not too much to say that the talented little comedian's essay will more than hold its own with most of the previous Conn the Shaughmuns seen in the Marvellous. Another surprise, tort, wax the excellently-played Mnyii of Miss Gracio Whiteford. Having a'cfjiiitted themselves so we 1 in their lioucicaullian effort, tin; public will never let them go away without further proof of their versatility. Several innovations have been introduced into the present production of "The Slnmghraun." all of which serve, to still further strengthen the piece. A case; ill paint; is Conn's sudden appearance just before the wake. The Harvey Duff of the production gave Oily Dwring an opportunity of opening out, and this ha did with a vengeance, giving one of the very best readings of this " duteshted Irish Thraitor" seen in this part of the globe. The Father Doolai: of Mr. < J. li. Ireland. Captain Molyneanx of Mr. Al. Jioothuian, and Coony Kinchella of Ml 1 . Chas. Hrown. were all meritorious performances. Mr. Bernard was the liobert Kfolliott: Arte O'Neill am) Claire were fittingly represented hy Missus Clau bus and Harcourt, and the smaller parts were especially well cast, including such a capable performer as Mr. John Hesford. The scenery by Mr. Jiruntou added not a little to the general success of the evening. Productions of such excellence as the present performance should do much to raise the drooping spirits of " The. Old lliyal." TUB popular one, Mr. J. C. Williamson, announces the. last weeks of the Royal Comic Opera at. the Princess' Theatre. " Carmen " has proved an immense success, and no wonder when we take into consideration the brilliant army of talent, tbe superb scenic effects, and the princely manner in which the production lias been mounted. The Misses Marie Hilton. Florence Graupner. Violet Varlcy. Florence Young, Marie lleddall and Messrs. Chas. Ryley, Howard Vernon, C. Leumane, William Walsh, Morris and others all work like veritable Trojans to make the operawhat it undoubtedly is. one of the most decided successes with wliieli Mr. J. C. Williamson has been identified, and this is saying a great deal, for J. C. has had a big say in nearly all (he truly great successes uf the Antipodes, as witness tile, recent Bernhardt boom. The. compiuy at the Princess' have had about twonty-six weeks of sulid success at this house, and fixtures ahead necessitate J.C. i 1 uforcin«r the movo-on clauso, in ordur to let in fresh forthcoming novelties of which - more a'uon. Tint liovii,! Princess Com- pa,ny, 'wbkh will shortly" sot out on a. thorough tour of tho colonies, heiiee tho earl.v closing of " CAvme.n." Our ucxt •• '*J. T 0." ^ sittraotion in Melbourne will bo an Italian and English Opera Company, including Signor and Siigaora Cuttiea., toother with the Italiau Onmpany that lias just terminated au eminently successful ten week^ season iu Sydney. The intention of the management in to play those operas with which Sitfoor and Signnra Cutiiea are most favourably identiiied for tliree or four nights in «swil\ t-U« rtmiu-uuui»; rii^UU of the \\\'(?vk to be devotod to the production of papular English operas by a specially selected company. Although it is intended to devote every attention to the mise eftsrim'.iind produce the operas on the elaborate seale which is always the rule at this theatre, it has been decided than uo subscriptions shall be asked for, and though a double company will he required th-iiv will be no ndvanees iu the Jjri'swit prices of admission. The season is likely „ prove another of W.Hian.son's " bi« thinSs." W( have forgotten all about the first performance' of Fedora." We saw it, of course, and we saw that two of the principal members of thn u'linpxny were indisposed, and we then went home and slept it off. We now write, not of the first performance, but of the fifth and sixth. Briefly, then, Mrs. Bernard Ueere's Fedora may be described asaii artistic triumph, a performance that may iittinsly rans by the side of those of Mil,.lame' Bernhardt and tho. late loved Siguoru. Majeroni. Thattheaudiencesarelarge,fashionable and enthusuistic. a peep in at the Opera House any evening will suffice. Calls and recalls are tbe rule, and at times the applause has been fo great t.hattbe action of the pieces has been stopped. Une thinv! the iudispositiou of Mr. Standing has done; it has given us an opportunity of seeiu«; what Mr. Otto Stuart is uiade of. This gentleman, as Loris Ipaaotl', has burst upon us in the shape of a remarkably pleasant, aud at the same time unexpected, surprise, his ability beini;' unquestioned. Mr. Stuart has more than excelled himself, and judging by present performances ee»Ueman"may accomplish 'durins his stay y in ir»f7,n,oul.ne Melbourne, ,UI'HMJU111.-. .f miro Miss 1 1^^. Urquluirt'a Countess • i a general favourite with the audience, and Mi® Watson eKcellently interpreted the character of ^luintri M. ilarins gives very humourous of Dumlri. M. Marins gives a very portrayal of Jean de Siriex. The remaining characters have full jusHce done tlieni, and the piece is on the whole fcnperbly mounted. " Fedora" vill lie pjodueed to'm'ihl again and to-morrow evening for I he Jam time. Too-'-, therefore, who have no! yet wilne,-.•••! lie- Fedora of Mrs. liernard-lieere will do well by availing themselves of the opportunity <•:•'; it is too late. now on his wav to Mit. liEomi: Mi i.jtov); is sent 'lessee* of tile Australia, and th the jo"*' Opera House has Borne " good tilings " in store for Antipodean* goes without saying. The approachmgseasonol the new 'idiet^v Company is^ looked forward to, and already great headway is being made for the Oaietv debut. Amongst "the new people" are Mr. E.J. Lounen, a Lon'nener, whose name in Loti'nen is now a household word. Miss Marion IJoud. who so distinguished herself with the Nellie Farren Company, is once more to eturii to us ; d''tto Manager Walter ltaynham (who, by-the-way, lias arrived). Mr. Lovell Phillips,"the newly- engaged conductor, is also part and parcel of us, having landed in Melbourne. This gentleman's musical fame is not alone confined to London, being well known throughout. America, so that it is confidently expected he will add the Australian scalp to his belt. The Opera House season of the new Gaiety Burlesquers will begin about the middle of next month. "THE Soi.ieiTOit'.s " clients are now like the sands on the seashore, the 13ijou Theatre attracting laughter-lovers nightly in great numbers. Those old favourites, Mr. and Mrs. Hrough, the former as the legal luminary, and the lady as M rs. Brandon, are all that could be. desired. The cast includes, in addition, such sterling performers as Misses Kunier, Major. Gibson, and Messrs. Frank Cates, Cauuam, OUiehe-iter, &c.; Next Saturday night the pretty little theatre will jciij- ol-u be again en fete, tile occasion being set apart he"theatre M has tor the adieu of Geo. Anson been granted gratis. His Excellency the Governor will patronise the performance, and Private Secretary Wallingtou has written Anson to that effect, the letter making a very nice advertisement. An influential committee is on baud, and all the theatrical and musical profession have volunteered to assist in giving a huge send-off and wishing f>™ voyage to Mr. Anson. " WH.FPL MIJROKU," with Friday night instalments of Shakespeare, a capital mixture by-theway, is still the Alexandra altraction. In tho former JSob Vernon, of the Hearthstone, is hissed, hooted aud booliooed at as of yore. He has made an especial study of the alleged (we say " alleged" advisedly, from fear we might be called over t-lie coals—we mean hearthstone—for condemning a mail untried.— Vide daily papers.) They do say that at one time Garnet Walsh and Dampier had an idea o¥ calling their refined effort "The Hlood Smeared Criminal," but (probably from fear, like yours truly) eventually let it alone. Now that Miss Nugent has become accustomed to the hearthstone business she goes to her doom smilingly- Miss Nugent, by-the-wa.v, has not so extra much to do in " Wilful Murder," so that after all there is much iu this sensational drama that, the audiene.es have to be joyously grateful for. There are, of course, any amount of characters \n this remarkably-liktJ-lhe-Wiadsor-di'auia, all of whom Jiavy bean dealt with in a previous issue, a ^ew^h-tse of life how^vor, b* gmMi this drain* if the management worn to go in for ;v few Up-t<» date locals. Introduce say, the arrival in Melbourne, «* ..IV the crowds r. at the different landia^ places anxiously awaiting the arrival of the -(Ahem!) iillcired murderer, " mad Fred," the appearance of' Superintendent Kennedy ^ person- (vulc daily papers again) directin liis men, uhief Ooimuissioner Ohomley and tlie detective force riding up with thn alleged, Ac., of tho liitny names. A diorama, too, miMit he introduced, showing tlie piece ot glass wifb Mv. mowed oil" bis mo, port-raits nf Mr. Hirschfeld's present; to the faol, apples, Ac. Another character miglit intvn-Wed that of Miss Rounsefell, and it would still further enhance proceedings if Mm ]iounsef<ai conld l.n ,,1'O.ailod upon to accept an iraitawiuwit, aud nppwu" lievsult. Slantred lio=,e IK " rcdited with having attempted to purchase t|113 Windsor villa ri^lit out, with a vi-;w, we 1)rosnu)e, of transplanting the sceue to the J 2 ^ ^ n^htly in Mnbition-st^t th« --Udi-evvsstreet doniicilc. Kii iust by war of a eiiatiw, lias MR. DAMI'IU , . , , . ' ' , „ , ' . .. ',„„.,.,Vi,:„,r i,.,,,,, si'nL-ps 1,:i decided to -ive f peare upwards. Thus, on Thursday uight we hat e WmIHi ind Windsor aud ou Friday Shakespeare's (UlcliaiM "Hamlet" ' , ' „„1, ' m „ was the piece chosen, and we may ril'bt away mention that it is Dauipiers intention to irivc sev i-eral Jlaiulets, leading ofl' as he did „itu the best of the bunch, the Dauipier Hamlet. Alfred's melancholy Dane is well-known here, and puts completely in tho back- vard most of the Hamlets of late years. Need we say more? Friday night's pt- rfornmnce, however, served ia introduce to metropolitan playgoers Bister Hose, as Ophelia. Hitherto, Sister Lily has been'the reigning attraction at the Alexandra, and for novelty's sake, Pa, for this occasion, brought Miss liose forward. Notwithstanding the limited time at the disposal of tho management aud the naturally hurried preparation, the performances were more than up to expectations,aud S Rose Dampier must be credited with giving a flue and intelligent interpretation ot Opbellft. Amongst the many wbo succeeded in shining to , ad « vantage mention may be made of the ghost e d Hollo«ay. If all visitors of tbe ghostly ot 1 C ' . ! like like Xed isea then tuen we w<. can description possess a voice l.ke <-•«' » readily understand how old women and little children sliudder and shiver when left alone at S f t white the old ,uan goes out to the nearest pub. to learn tlie latest news about Williams. i . . i ..u 3 il.- Keg. Beds shouldered tho spade of tho first gravedi»ger, irravedifger and Whitworth, Junior, was cast tor ror the second. Of this latter gentleman, lie appears to be perfectly at home whether it he chirruping a. song or digging a, grave.—His troubles. I'oloiinis ivas entrusted to Ediviu Palmer, Julia Merton was Queen Gertrude, and It. H. Vernon was the Williams—we mean the King. To- morrow night we are promised a new Williams—we beg pardon, things do so get mixed—a new Hamlet, a local Hauilet, a Mr. T. It. Treloar, a gentleman who his l l ' ead ,i:in )' ' d to play this part, with, it is said, considerable success in the provinces of Victoria. On Saturday night we are to havo " Faust,' 1 for , . , u , prcparations ,1)lve be(!n inadu. In tho m e a n ti m e - Wilful Murder/' To-nigh lne ul,aln w "»« " u l 1 " 1,l u " ,t "' lo-.ught is the last occasion on which lovers of gore vill be ble to s u l> ful1 of fcorro ™- Tii 1: Victoria Hall is, as usual, well patronised, and " 'J'he Iirigands " are evideutly in for ft long and prosperous career, Th(i management -have made a wise move ill the., engagement of the Hovis IJrothers (of the Sheridan's Company), This remarkably clever song and dancs dito are without (juestion one of the best in their line of busiuess that we have, ever had in Australia, Whitburn and Alf Holland are also amongst the most successful contributors, and Mr. Hillin, in front, is as civil and obliging as of yore. Moss. uc's Fiintoches Franchises have completely changed the order of things at St. George's Hall, which is now quite a fashionable family resort. Matinees are given every Saturday. The show, on the whole, is one of tho moil enjoyable ill Melbourne. THHHK is a formidable array of taleut in this week's Gaiety programmeMisses Fraser, Sisters Sherwood, Morrison. Pearl Akerinau, MODS. I.'rovo, Tauehert, Bodin, Nnyler, Akennan, Matlock, Fred Ganiett, ic., &c.; The large and enthusiastic audiences nightly filling the Gaiety hail with i°y ou ' i laughter the continual changes of pro- FITZGKBALII'B circus, that excellently managed and purely Australian circus, has hit popular taste to a nicety, each item being greeted with genuine applause. The principal artists are already amongst Melbourne's first favourites, and we note with pleasure au addition to the managerial department in the person of Mr. James Heiidy, the well-known treasurer, so long associated with the Opera House. PKOFESSOH HOFFMAN is still the reigning attraction at the Waxworks. Williams aud Co. are also iu evidence. Gnon bi - /.. at both Cyelorauias Aquarium. 