A WOMAN SGOIIMI1'ED' ('N the courtyardl of CastleOs'trog a gay company of gues?s w.ere assembled; Count Zamofski, one of the magnates of Poland, had invited the nobles of the neigh bourhood to a bear-hunt. The guests were Eagerly awaiting the signal to set off. In the courtyard-of the castle the carcass ofan ex revolved slowly upon a great spit before a huge fire of logs, and a colossal cask of Hungarian wine had beeoon broached. itfeu'moustre ri'adkedainong tTifd'ihole ci6n pany'ýwe re Cotint' M1ikronowsksi and his" fair daughter, Cdnstaince.: The young lady]was to make one of tlie'party of hunters: He? courage was, it scemed, as great as her beauty. The son of the host, the young Vounk,tStanislaus.Ziimofski, .attached him esilf 'tihier" side, hand, ilihen the signal for thesetting out of the cortgc woas given, 4!nt1 the huntsiien, urriohinded b?. their yelping, leaping pack of liounds, had departed in the direction of the forest, it Wa.s into tlhelyoung, Sifrit'Tf blci'h ilitCoonstdrice. was lihfted by Sits owner, wlho, le·pilg iu, after her,- took i herfeins of'tlhehiery llorses; harisniessed thiree abreast before it, and drove swiftly off through the snow and mlist. -'Arr~idd it th sp6t tIh::'re'the hi.ntsman were drawnri uip in expectation of the-ir uame, theiy di?mounted, ?rail," standing there side thyi1 ide?; sileirtly a:iaiteil the comising s-! the -beau. -Fa~e thalt daysmiled upon Const:nee. .- icgd? ber- yaii?. Idrivuen `by` the' beaters directly::acmss the pliath i?:here shou anil Stanisl sus had taken their stand. At sighit 'f tli'thi the -mnster reared himself up hreateiingly on hiis hind fdet; but the girl, lifting he?ir rile, calmlv shot bini through tlhe Conipletely fascinated by her beauty and 'co'urae, Stanislhus vielded himself a Wtilling captive to'hei chiinris.I, Froni that' moment his passiougrew daily. The love Iswhich her ooiuraie lihd 'ielspired was sdeepened and s trengthenied by the sight of :her at hotme, seated modestly before, her spfiuing-wheel. Afi' the sheel revoiaed,- ind tlie'whlite hi-inds of, the ,maiden drew' the !thread froni it, 'St.i"pis'aus, sittin" by her side, nmurmured in liherlr; to aniiecomipaiurent of the whir .rin ,uiiu ;in p the wsiieel, his vows of love, ihfillilFhited lher his trol;h. 'i T'he betic thdi- dh publicly celebrated'~oon after? at tloe t pouse of,(;onstance's fathier. The'pJireits ?oe :tlhe hbridegrboom, however, a?.tw,s ith ideep' thoughli seeret dislikke,his inifatuation for the daugshterof their ilpo? eiisiued ne?glibouri' Mikro;nowski, aiid they phersula(dd thciu son,,'shortlv ,fter thu cele oriation of the betrotlhil, total:e, a journey to Dresden, where Aurtlis t ise Strong, ing of Polanld anit Elector of Saxony, held his cou?t 'T'ie .t'olish :unb?isa dor at Dres' ddne sts kecrsetl- inktHisctetd by :ZAmcofski' parentsa tolead the young otidllemanr into: thetika?, iiotliato society of the capit il. o To?: hest bautiful :ydoung: widoB? Anloir nette, Countess of: Olinskae, tlhe favourite; alihke ofAi'g-ustu's t as hiss iall-powerful ministeri biBrlsbl; wias ,iveh: the i: olnTenuiil tdaslEof rendering Stanislaus faithless to his' absent love. Mistress in tihe aits oi coquetry alnd intrigae, the.fair.eo'u tess soon accom plistred-tli s".. .. A letter, written to tConstatnce onlylv. ew months aftfer iis arrivni in.Dresdei iomn her lover, appriisedTher of his de-esertion of her, andi at the same ltime,' begtFd 'fo rcideeniess for hii, faithlesnea± :ilamily.' interests' and his- do- to the State rland his Kipg, het recrea. lover wiote, were the causes .o -his. !brenkiiun' his pliehitcdlr ivo'rd" On 'ic:eeiip, 'oE this,,epistle, CGousthrice dlietla atei;i' angiry teC?? ; but shbe was snot the ewoman to 'weeip loutg over a lover's desertion. , Plans of revenhe-for thdeslight. stiU iiponl her caused her sooi to forget her ridf. One pight, wliile returniing late from a ball at Prince. Sapiehaes, asi h'e MWas dirivuing through the forest of Giodna,. his sleigh wasi suddenly siurrounded bliy a b'niid of armed. men., At the sight of'this tbiael the coacIh sana and footman lesped quickly froimi the box o ani: filed, away;:; on: l oot?:. Zasofski 3lefdinded'hiilself bra:ely bua was.ovrcome aftehr;'lS- hot striuggle. He was bound, a sack was drawn dowtii over his head siid'face, and hlie was 1ifted on,a.horse..-which was led hff at a gallop . The youhn$man;::sutiposihigrh?e liad beeieI attaceked by robbers, with '.wichi the forest was infested, now gave hliimself up for lostl Aftir aiwild:rido olfan hour oi so, Stianis?hls w'as.mado aware, by the sound of his horse'd hoofs' tiht they 'werecrosssing a bride. Directly i after he wais lifted ifrom the saiddle and htrried oni foot fob a siho6r disthcce.'The ?ack vais: tliken removed -and lie discoveied zlimselftfpbe inua small, cell-like apartment, with a single grated window ligh up in one >f its sill'" Atone side of the room was a plalldt of strsi?. '' Th ie rays of a smiall hunp nheda:cd?im ligIb around. t efore hiun stood two men in the uniform of Cossacks. h" Wleinrin? Ii"" he demanded. " Why have ou'? j~i?ighst sIue lier?. ?"' They voieblisafedino silswer,- but the door preseptly. opnied;,-: aid -admitted Conulsencee, cladl in a manitlesof dark-green veClvet. bor dered 's:it; - salle. She motioned with her haudifo? lfi' ibien to Uskit-hdraw : then, left plonen'ithjtihri diietive, - hie measured him -ith eyes full of angr-v scoru.''- : ' ' " Yout are in my poweir now," she said, sxultingly. "Expecti no mercy from me. I give you ohly~onoichoice.: rEitrber'i'u infirrxy ine, here and at once, or you die." " I "I can iot marry you, (Cqus -m-esic he ,returned, firmly ' vy ditiy to my " parents and my country forbids it:'. . "You are deceicig in :" n Zamofski's face urimsoncd with rage, and rn -miry "nswer seemed trcmbolinu an his .. lips. it hdechtirodlled himsell, sftier' : visible:sti?ug?e uatid re:naiied siioit. "Yes,-you are lyino to me-you ire the acklnoswledgerd loer of, the Co!ustess Ocinska,: and it'isoie ciise you twish to marry her.that you li:el liioke?i ,eour: faithl to me. BEti I ask you dnck!meorb ;id :for thd ih l 'tirmi'e are you:willing-.to keep your :promise: and .massrry me:: ' I'cai iot Cbiui;nce. Un?foretunately I may not follow:the licudtes of mmy ieiart in this imatter.""i :: :::: "Theo prepare? and at once, bot dealth,: coldly rturued..the.djsdained, beauty " I: ehall leve you noetw to send s pi'est in my stead. lii ai ctiltestoof cii hiomr, :you sh il die on!the s:gallos.' - ' - Zamofslki started invohnstarily, but cou trolled himself immediat.elhy.auld bossed low, i'ithouet openiig i si'?lism .l A few moments afters (qustance id gone a priest entered the room. "Is it really so- scriotiso ? i deinided ZamiofSki of the ineoncomes; ;::. "T Tlicralnlos has uready been erected in the codi ~? i'd"epoie t1he o 'ls.i. A quartei of a :hour" lat:er, ;Z mofski, securely bbundmi;:wais led into. dhid court-yard. Not esen th, si?ght.of the gibet, hu;ercs could slk liels det?-milnait?sio i It ','s only when lie 'va-s onfilie seiallold auild Icli the noose ti htening ahoit his ineck that ie gtsie sy. ,a "'I a:m Fe:?i'y li'uifittesr- d to thie priest st'niiing near him. "List thie-in-re;ace tsike Constance 'ave ordeis lnthit he ble lifted from thiese-ti-indauils:bi :bends r:movtd. : If you:mnaketblio:Slig~heste attemilptr to cocapeshoe usaid, eis:a varn, ini tone, "I teill shdot .you at-once," aid; as- sh:, epoke, i she pointedto .pistol stituk :in her girclde. " amof~ki was' iow bidden to enter the ehapel, .whicsi iiid alriead-c been lighted for the occasion 1:~IT marrisce ceremosnr y iS quickly performed :by-the priest, the riongs xchlanged; thg blessinc pronounced.s , iThe ceremony over, Zsmnfd ikis wIs cos .nucted into:a richly- furnished a-!irtment by ;is bride, Wiho, soeating heiself 0oil a divan covered mitsh illbear-skins' :-hihcs - addressed him, her eyes flashing scorn as she spoke:- " You-are sit:libertyl now, my lord, to go svhithersoeoverit may please you to go.' -I have no farther demand -to make oi you, either asia.:egFirds yeour :property on your person. 1 shall remain as before, undrir the protectiop of~my ifather, ind. tho;shelter of his roof. ;We pat nosed td for eve yTu Iare well." ,,pi i . . ,.lzir : : Zamofski gazed at her a moment in astonishment, then, reove-nus himself,; S'Litr, whenhis pn.'erits, ,wiith their friends aind supporters among" the :Polish nobility and thel Jesuits, were moving heiven.and. 6atth .to induce/the Pope to annul' tbis miarrige, Zaiinofski reminined quietly at Ostro:. He appeared, however, to be a prey to melancholy and the bitterest humiliation, and soon after quitted the castle to bury himself in a small hunting lodge in, the,.forest. .r-There,-aimong-his' books and manuscripts, he led the life of a hermnit, his only diversion being the long, solitary rides he took daily. Oie day, riding slowly through the forest and sunk deejpin thought, he cam 6fac?bto face with Constance, who appeared sudidenly froin out a thicket opposite. Zaimofskibent to. his shaddle-biti in greeting, and "she acknowledged his salutation by a slight nod. ,,, Vhen,.she,.,had passedi-he drew:rein and gazed long iild tixedly after her. Hesighed and miurm~ured half under his breati: " Whht at,;iibsurdiity it is for the husband of a yo:ung' and beautiful woman to pass his days alone like a hermit amtong dusty, uusty. 'folios." 7*' ." "...... He was not without.hope of encountering her again in bi. 6daily rides. Failing to do so, however, lie rode off secretly one night to' Zabolow, tied his horse to. a tree in a grove hard by, and then" 'tole thro ugli 1the garden up to the lhouse.i; ;Thewindows wore ,securely closed.by, thick, wooden shutters; btt a'slieiidier ily 6of light,.,creeping throueh one of themi, betrayed the presence of a ritt. .Applyin. his eye to this, ho. found ' that he could see into a small room, furnished' with ; Turkish divan. Bear-skin rugs were thrown acrops -it and laid on the floor beside it. A littleto one si'de stood hitembrpideiy fraine, nnd, on a small 'stand,' i 'silver' branched.;candlestick, .with three liglhted candles in it. Constance c'aiie into "the rodm presently. Seating herself on the divanr, lshe diew the frame uo"before her Anid began to work. After an intervalof wo-rking, she6d ished the frame asideand threw horself ldiily down on the dark skins of the divan. Thereafter Zaimof.kiicamie seccetely to the house every night. . ,') These nightly visits to'his wifes home had gone on for -some weeks when, on ecielinig, his jealousy was, arousedby seeing a sleih ,drive up intb the court-yard, fo.ronQ wibch a tall,;handsome man, wrapped iin furs alighlgtd. :As he could not visit Zaqbplow except under covei of darKness, he commissioned his valet to do so and to bring hinimback w6rd '1ho the new-comer might be. .::., The mani, brought iback word that the 'strange guestfwas Count Starbel, and the further information "that he'was a suitor for Constance's -hand when. on the .'aniuleilit by ttlo Pop'e of her inaria'ge,- she would be Sfree to enter on ii 'secoid union. " This new's fairly set Zaiiindfski-eside hiii self. Mladdened .by minrtified' pride and fruitle-s passions lie lay in ambush one night for Count iStirbel, as heiwas retuirning hione ward 'fhrougli, the forest: of OBt:ig."i He barred the wayo, of lhis" rival td ui icrcely c'hallenged. him to,; inglen coinhnt., " Starbel dismounted from lis hi ore and drawing his stebre, the dluel lidl'" li-eady lasted lone enough for each' c6mbiiiatat to haive received serious woundu , wheni Col.stance, iunexpcet edly appearing, ,pu:tan end to:the combat; ;1 1i oe came riding swiftly. up, andl dashlie her horse in betwceen the combatants, heed less of the leapig, clashing swords.: SWhat is the reason of your .vwanton and unprovoked attack uupon thii' ihobleman l ishe deimanded, looking sternly at her hus? b n d . . ..t . I - . . _ ~ . ":tHI has dared to come here,: madam, aa :" sutitb for your'haiid," Zinmbfski returned, hotly.' Constance broke out into a ringing laugh; " Put up your sword, sir," shbesaid, merrily.; "there is .no furtiter use for it.. Counit tai'bel is not a;suitor fbi niy fiaiid, but for that of mny sister."' ; :'' ' Then slie dressed their, woiiunds'with her owri hnds, .and then invited her husband to a pritaite interview in the very apart meni thironlio'tlhe shutter'of which he had so often watched her. ' SThrowing herself on the divan and leaning back against its covering of bear- skinriugs, she gl n'ced'niisculievously tip at ZamofAki as Ihe :stood 'irresoltitely before her, and demanded: "iWhatni;ist,: I'do tu t irevent similar escapades of yours in future ?" ::' "Forgive- me! " lie exclaimed, falling; on hIis knees at her feet. ,:'"But, coint, hav'e you-forgotten tie duty you owe to king: arid country ?which ;was such a bar to our union formerly." . ; :'.' " :' Ilave forgotten everything, except that i1love you !" he'exclainied, as he caught her in his arms. , Three days later 'Constaiico,'clothed in a magnificent mantle of ermirie,.leaning back on the cuslhions of lbear-k ins in a sleigh richly; gilded' and dI.ra.i 'by three superb horses, made her" eritrv, to the joyous peal ing of bells and the booming of cannon, ilirugh the castle - gates of Ostrog. Thrinslated for tlie ;.gonaiubt.bv. Emma M1, Phelps. ' : : ; -. - .. " BHE WAS IN LUCK. .A TALL; dignified-looking gentleiian stood facing an uinoccupied house iri a prominent West Side streiebtthie other *day, closely scaniiiui i large white signi whlich Ilnig in the front door. The hbouse'was i handsome modern structure, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by; some wealthy man for resideulce.purposes, but was now adver-r tised, as being "For Rent" The. :tall. nia liad just finishled tkiiii" observations and jotting :down .the owner's sddrelrs in a imall notebook, and was turnini to leave, iwhen a .iieighboiur came along and pleasantly remariked: S"It's a pity that a'i flue' houise- like this should stand idle for such a long time." "' \liy, how long ias. it been idle?"' '" Well, the 'lait t'eumint inored out two years ago, . and the owniier cati; findl another, 'who : is brave ieiiough to' live 'in there!" , i Whait'.s the tmatter with it i Danger of collapsing "' ." . . . " Oh, no. The 'house .is built solid enougli. 'The : great: trouble is that it's 'haunted. , . , . : : '. . ':",You don't say!" And .the tall man seemed to groitw more interested. ' "It's a- fact. 'Everyj Wedineday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood..are st;'rtled by:a series of wild, blood-curdling yells; and immediately 'lt-r thnt; ti o white figures ,apiear at the upper windows.: I've sen them 'myself ;' a;'ld the good man -shuddered as he'thoughb of it. : H " sHa;e you iiny idea whiat rental the owner demands or" the isiole house ?"' " Yes, I heird him siy he'd let anybo'dy have it forive dollars per montli:: ' "';.Five dollahrs a mo:uth !v ( Great Ca'"sar: ! but.ti ht's a bargain. G(jiess 'll take it before some othci- fellow ge ts aliad of'me."'' "Butith .ouldithi you be aft id of living in ' house infested with spooks " : . " Ol, : l'm nquite used to them. *I am a spiirittuhiist,;aid dis I hold my seances every 'Wednesday atiid Friday night, those spooks Wil come in'every haidy. Yoi'll exeuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner 'aid sign'a leiase for niuety-nine yeart.' . Arid as he walked off, lie muttered to hinself. ."1ivedollarsa .moiith; aid twofull:fledged ghosts to boot. !; Tiiis indeed, a bargain." , EXTREME POLITENESS. ' X .VIITo : " I understand that; you:, waiil soine paintia g done.,' - . Editor : " Yes, I wish a sign painted at the foot of the stairs. ;.It is'for "poets. to .read after I lire ti;,m' out; and, asl they, generally aliightt on their heads you had- better paint it like this." ' . . .;. DON'T SLAM THE DOOR. Theimost.difflculttiip; and: dowrns ·-f. this life are kcepin;; exl:cp'n^ low :- and atpuarv ancc; uip. 