DANGEROUS JOKING. /gj|\ARTIN was the eldest son and hop.c of ImJ1 Mr. Lord, tho Squire of Morton. His amiable disposition and superior intel lect procured for him universal loA'e aud esteem. Martin Avas a great favourite Avit-h the girls, old and young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ash ton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella Avas young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and, beautiful as she Avas, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to her. Martin and Isabella liad been pointed out as lovers by village gossips for several months ; he Avas now nineteen, and she Avas of the same age, Avlien the incident about to he related occurred. Otic evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and the company enjoyed themselves freely Avith jests, songs, and social games. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when some one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It is a silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that a ghost has really been seen there ; and I doubt if any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you knoAV you do, Martin, althoun-h vou are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; bub Martin only laughed. "Come, hoav," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such thiugs may exist. Goto the church yard alone in tlie dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." " And what would that prove ?" " Why, you will he frightend, though you should see nothing. Your fears Avould pub your belief to the test-. Hoav could you be afraid if you did nob feel that there was something to be afraid of?" "I do not think your logic is the best in the Avorld," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to tho churchyard, even at- midnight, would frighten me in the least." "Ha, ha! but you shall not escape so," laughed Isabella. "Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, Avhich Martin had desired her to part with, "provided you go to the churchyard alone, in the dark, and declare on your honour Avlien you return that you were nob afraid." "Agreed," said Martin, buttoning his coat. "And as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back Avith you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. Thus driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit-, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yard, stopped a moment to gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolato ground, for tho stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half Avay, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards hiin. All Martin's strength of courage Avas gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood running chill Avith horror, still he stood his ground. The spectredreAV nearer, seeming to grow Avhiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell Avhab frenzy seized upon the brain of the URhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at tho clergyman's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, his fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, Avhile he still uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, Avhilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and foil lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoke again, and lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 