THE SLOWVBOB FAMILY GHOST. lihere was no end of eacitement at Hollydcse when it became known that a gentleman re joicing in the nami of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grauge. The old house hltad boon empty for many a year. It was once the residence of a wicked old squire, who mortgaged his estates to the tops of the trees in the carriage drive, drank port until he required an escort to bed, and was nicknamed Ninrrod on account of his sporting proclivities. The builanlg, with its many painted gables, mossgrown terraces, and surrouuding grounds, had an evil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustering iight, with esnow in the air, awl the wind shrieking like a packeof banshees.. The people of Ilollydalo all agreed that if Cylrlsa Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, or it had huge panelled rooms, dim and mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a piece of old armour still romainingoupon thedwu ls am seat c titre, where perhaps in days long pest conspirators had whispered plots, or men, women, and children had lain hidden, and trembled as they listened to the thunder of war between Cavalier and Roundhead. So it was just the very happy hunting-ground for a good old-fashioned ghost, grim, ghastly, and deliciously transparent in the moonlight. Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rate, and mice. As for the ghost, it might walk if it liked, or keep away. He was perfectly indo. pendent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghost of his own-a real family ghost. He was blessed, among other enviable things, with ahandsome wife, ai sturdy son and heir, an extremely pretty daughter, and plenty. of money. Some people said that he had founded his fortune on pickles ; others that he lhad, so to speak, tumbled head first into a mine of precious metal during the Australian gold i fever ; a few whislpered that he had made thousands in a soln'lo day on the Stock Ex. change; but all agreed that he was a jolly, open-handed, generous, plain-spoken, no-hum bug- about-hin geontlemun, and that his arrival at Holldale bhad practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in fact, all the trades men, except the unduertaker (who, by the way, knew more comic songs than anybody in the village, and sung them well, too), received such astounding orders that they met in thevillage street and shook hands with each other. i Speech failed them, and they could do nothing but gasp and grin in their delight. It was rather late in December, 1880, when the small army of bricklayers, carpenters, fur. I nisheis, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and maderoom for the Slowbob family and the servants. The verylirst thing the now I squire did was to frame a programme fortho forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to be attended to. the school childroen to feast their hungry little, interiors on good 1 things and their eyes on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and-.well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wondcirul things f put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bri"ht frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving tIts sister Dinorah to tihe rail. 1 way station in a waggonette drawn bya pair 1 of dark bays, which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart tuirn out, and Tim handled the ribbons in a masterly style ; but smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah, I with her cheeks glowing with health, her dimpled chin making love to a sable boa lucky boa !-her blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet peeping out-they insisted on peeping out, and would take no denial--from under a large bear-skin rug. "'I wonder, Din," said Tim, as he made tho I whip crack like a pistol-shot, "if they will ` both come down by the same train ?" To this question Dinorah vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and anexpres. t sion half demure, half mischievous settled on her face. And not without reason, for Captain Herbert R?tnon--who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and cannon-balls at the business end of it, and, was a perfect firs- eater-had whispered certain touder words in her ouar, and repeated them on superfine note-paper emhla. zoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gilderson had done exactly the same thing, and heigho! it was i choice of two, and t the rivals were coming to Hollydalo to spend 1 Christmas. There had already arrived one visitor at 1 Cypress Grange-Jack Stanfiald, the son of a BManchester man, who had worked his way up a from errand boy to millionaire. Jack was a rather matter-of-fact young man about two. I and twenty years of age, and. looked the very last one to fall in love for some time to come. f " Haven't time," he would say when spoken to on, the subject. "You see, my gav'nor v insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfleld and Mr. Slowliob went out for y a ride on horseback, while Tim and his sister drove to the station; and they were back again S just as the waggonette with its distinguished s company and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and a shaking down the boar frost like showers of t diamonds, P. "Here they are !" cried Timothy Slowbob, f running down the terrace steps. " Welcome r my noble captain !-welcome Gilderson ! God bless you and us all! Merry Christmas! Come in -come in! What splendid weather for the holidays ! Ha, ha,!" f That laugh was loud and joyous enough to t set the church bells ringing out of very sym pathy, and the style in which Timothy Slow. I bob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. t Captain Rennon was a tall, thin manon the I wrong side of 30: Stanley Gilderson was his junior by some five years, about themedium t height, dark, and would have been good-look- c ing had his nose not been a trifle too long for his face. He and the captain travelled down from i London in separate carriages, and had said very I little to each other during the exhilarating drive from the station. Neither seemed overpowered with joy to see Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad-shouldered, and as ruddy as if he passed his life in the opec.- I air; and to make matters rather more compli cated, he deliberately lifted Dinorah out of the waggouette, and placed her, with her feet e twinkling in the nir, on a step swept clean of the snow-which was a hold act, and a rather unreasonable one in a young man who had not f the time to listen to Cupid's arguments. The old diningroom teemed with light and warmth when the party assembled later on, and if there was any cause for complaint, it certainly might have come from the sumptu- 1 ously-laid table. Ibhave settled down at last to be a real ola country' squire," said Timothy Slowbob, rub 'biu his hands, "and If Ihfe is granted me, I wiplay tho part well. Bless me, I can look back 40 years and see myself scuttling along the foggystreets of London, withsmybreakfast in one pocket and my dinner in the other. How hittle I thought then of being master of Cypress Grange, or dreamet of anything better than a small house and a bit of garden. B13ut mind you," he added, " I sprang from a good stock. The Slowbobs were great people hIundreds of years ago, and on mny nrother's side there is aristocratic blood enough to turn thepages of Burko's Peerage bhlue. And that accounts for dur family ghost." I Haw, haw I" laughed Captain lennon. 'i Do you really believo in ghosts 1" *' I don't want to believe-I am convinced," 1 Timothy Slowbob rejoined. " I am not convinced, but I can believe," said Jack Stanllld. " What is jour opinion oin tlhes suject, Mr. Gildeorson " " Weally." replied the gentleman addressed, who was blessed with an interesting impedi ment in his speech-" weally- now, weally,I have never aeen a ghost. but I darethay other leople have. I should like to hoar what Mith blowbob thlays.s' "Oh, I hlave never seen our family ghost, but I must pat implicit faith in my father," Dinorahsaid. " Itisone of his pet Christmas subjects, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dinner." "I Feor my own part," Captain Lennon chimed in, " nothing would delight me so much as to meet a ghot. I would turn the fellowto ac. count-put him under a glass case, you know, and exhibit him as a curiiosity all over the country. Why, I declare-haw, hawl-that Mr. Stantfield is quite pale." " Unler the lamplight,'I confess," Jack re. plied. "But, to tell you the truth, I have read andl heard so musch about ghosts that1 should not -are to exererie my mind much on the subjsct, lost that----" " You would grow ndryous,"' the capytain interposed. lk, . oo may put it hat way if y' ike," Jauk Stanhield returned.. " I was about ho say, lest it should troible nima endbother my sleep. with ugly dreams. " . - Timothy Slowbob's family s(jot was tempo rarilylaid, and other things discusased. Wheni ever Captain Rennon made a remark to e Dinorah, Stanley Gilderson glared at him, and whenStauley Gilderson followed suit. the cap a tam frowned darkly, and glared at him. s When the gentlemen were left to their wine 1 it was easy to see that Timothy Slowbob needed no encouragement to tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufllicient to set him i he' story," he said, " has been handed down from generation to generation. In thbe days when Charles the First sat so unsteadily on the throne, one portion of the Slow bobs lived in Buckinghamshire. Francis Slowbob owned a goodly estate, and led a quiet, peaceable life, but unfortunately his two sons, ine young follows, took ul' armse Frank for theking, ted Philip for the Parlia ment. " It was a miserablestato of affairs for all conaerned. Their grey-haired father implored them on his knees to remain in brotherly love and at home, but he spoke to deaf oars, and his fatherly counsels passed unheeded. " Frank rode away to join a Cavalier regi ment hound for Oxford Philip enlisted at UTxbridge, which, after the fruitless atttempt of the representatives of the opposite parties to form a treatqp-uf peace, foll into the hands i ,of the so-called'Itoundheads. " The winter bf 1646 passed away, and with the spring the lighting began again in real earnest. A battle was fought and won by Cromwell's adherents, and no man felt more flushed with triumph thanPhilipSlowbob. who for, his valour had boeen pomoted to a cap:, " Un that very day he had led a squadron of 1 Ironsides to victory, dashing through the ( thinned ranks of the brave but dospairing Cavaliers as if they were so much paper. And now he eat in his tent, writing to his father, who lay ill and heart-broken at home. "' lhe war is nearly over,' he wrote, ' and in a few months I hope to be with you again, i to receive your forgiveness and blessing. If Frank lives, he will see the error of his ways, and join the popular cause'-- I " H got no further, for tho paper was sud denly snatched by an unseen hand, torn in a hundred fragments, and toesed contemptuously j intheair. Filledwithhorror,Philipdashed ontof r the tent, and fled to anotherocoupied by several t of his comrades. White to the lips, he told f them what he had experienced: but he wee s only laughed at, and told he had been dream ing. ",' No, no!' he wailed : ' I was in my t sober, wakeful senses. My brother Frank is t dead ' i' " ' And slain byour own hand,' whispered a voice in his ear. ' Oh, brother, brother, that it should have come to this !' ' " 'Heard 'you not that ?'Philip shrieked. 'Mly brother a spirit declares it was my hand 'I that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeance: his blood is on my head ! Oh, r merciful heaven, what have I done?-what have a I done ?" " His brother boficers, in alarm, sent for a surgeon, who, having bled him, admesnistered a I soothing draught, and ordered that he should be put to bed without delay, and closely c watched ; for Philip's sudden mialndy was pub down to a raging fever which often attacked men fresh from the field of battle. "Philip made noresistance whatever. He repeated his conviction that his brother Frank, was dead, and then lying down, talked calmly, r butasdly, to the man placed in the tent. "Now Philin auddlenly saw a change come a over the soldier. His can of steel became a v gaily-plumed hat, his breiastplate was trans. i formed into a tunic. and the man's rough g features melted into the likeness of Frank. - i "Philip knew that he was in the presence of b his brother's spectre, and he lay speechless, and bound inder nu awful spoell. t; " ' Brother.' said the ghost, ' do not take nty h death to heart. You slew me innocentlYt in the t charge. and all I ask is that you will seek my body, and see that it is put decently under the J earth. I died for my country, and I ant per. ti mitted to come to you for a brief true, to tell you that whenever a member of our'family is in danier of sudden calamity or of harm heing h lone. I shall warn hitm or her, as the case mtva be. Such I shall do in the spirit, because I c lost my life at my. own brother's hands, and a' the curse that is upon him is upon me, for we S were at variance, and our hands against each It other. I amn doomed to haunt the earth from I time to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside c your armh and hasten home: our father, is t dying, and it is only right that one of his sons li should receive his blessing.' "Philip uttered a sharp cry. and started uip, at and io! there sat the Ironside leaning drowsily h on his sword. The young oficer was so much h impressed with the vision, that on the follow- I ing day he received permission to return home. fi And only just in time. His father was dying: h the sands of his life were ruduiug outi fast, but l; le was still conscious. fh " ' Oh, my son,' said the old man. I have a prayel that you might return. I havealready g seen Frank, but not in the flesh. lHe is dean- U dead-dead ! oo the' hour that you' left my g roof: And here under this roof lead.a:new a life. Ttepent' of the grievous error you have committed. Repent in truesiacerity of heart, C for your time is short" n "The old man's lips moved atganr, but the b words died away, and his spirit fled, f: "Philip shut himself up in the old house, u seeing nobody but his manservant, and ere the a year passed he pined and died." "I they," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as -Mr. c Slowbob ceased speaking, " what a dweadful It athory! Hath the ghohtlh overbeen theen?" " On several occansons," Mr. Slowbob replied, ti solemnly. " My grandmother was engaged to I be married to a ne'er-do.well who had a greedy S eye on her money, and the "host warned her father of it. I firmly believe that if any p rascal or adventurer ever came to my house the t ghost would' appear and frighten him out of tl it." Captain Herbert Itennon. sat silent, and u fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled him. He was none too rich, and had made up his mind to woo and win Dinorahl, but he wished that she had a better name to change than such a one as Slowbob. It cer tainly was not commonplace, but on the other handit was neithernuasieal nor aristocratic. P " By the way," he said, "I should imagine ft that the family name was originally Sloebough, is and became corrupted." "Slowbob is good enough for me, at all a events." returned his host, rather sharply. " If it had been Thiekhcad, I should have had to put up with it." Onthe following' morning, after breakfast, Captain Renuon buttonholed Jack Sanfield and whisperaed something mysteriout in his ear. " Oh. yes," Iacksamid:; "itean be raummged without miuth trouble, but it is rather adark olot. It might end in fits, yon know." d S" I-I may trust you I hopeY" the captain I stammered. i "Well, then, I don't mind telling you that I y am madly inlove with Dinorah Slowbob, atd that Iwould chanrge an tirmy einglehanded to make ber m7 wife." t1 "I will get what von ask. and have it sent i down in my name,"';Tack said; "' but yoe mta? be extreniely cautiouis. It would be a fearful thing if any mistuke was made. Fancy, for in stance, an uqluest at Christmas-tidol I The bare . thought is too horrible to contemplate." r About an hour later Tack Stanfield went for a "cotnstitattonal " in the park. His face inderwett several rhanbes as he strode along 1 like a young giant. Sometimes he looked very grave and exorcised in his mind, but now and c then he broke into a loud laugh, and snapped t his lingers contetmptuously. Any strouger i might have thought that hle was rehearsing a part for amateur theatricals, but there was something more than actisg pasemug in Mgaster Jack's mind. Suddenly the renort of a gun and the whirr of a a strong-winged pheasant startled him. 'Iissed again, sir," said a eruff voice. "Mithed ! I've done nothing but mith the f birdth. Hers take the bethlv gun, Edwards: my fingerth are tho numb that I can't feel themo. Ith time that I went back, as Iuntheon muth ie almost teady.' "The victim--the rival. I mean," muttered JTack Stantfold. '" And hlere be comes. 112Happy birds, to have no more formidable marksman to fear!" Statley Gilderaon was a sight to see. Hise t get p" would have made the heart of a sportiig tailor glad, for hiis costume was as E perfect as his shoating was the direct o'ppo sit*. I "Oh, I thaTy, Sthanfteld, you are the very man I want to thee," he cried. " You may go back, Ed ards, and take that beathly gun withyou. I than't want it any more while I'm here." 2be keepler touioahed his hat as he pocketed half-a-sovereign, antl muttered, as he turned upon his heel :' A" nud a good job, too. The way be handled that 'ere gun made me think that he'd been practising at bottles instead of pheasants." Stanley Gilderson took Jack Stanfieldl's arm in the most friendly manner imaginable, and as he began to talk, Jack's eyes grew rounder and rounder. " You'll doit for me, my goul.fellow, won't yoLu?" 'Gilderson said. '' You thee, if it ciamenddrethed to me'o it would exthite, thuth' picion "." " Very well, bnt"-- '" ' ' " The fact ith,"Stanley Gtlilersoninterposed, "I am madly in love with Dincith Thlowbob; My dear fellah I'm ateeped in love up to my finger-'o dth, but I don't theesay way clear to propothe until" id "Say no wnore," Jack interrupted, "I will p. write soon after luncheon." On the morning of Christmas Eve a bulky parcel arrived for J,ack Stanlleld, and as soon as it had been convoyed to his room he com ly menced to dance round it as if he had suddenly n taken leave of hissonsen d It was the witching hour of nightr when , churchyards, according to the immortal bard, y yawn and graves give up their dead. 3Midnight! r- Let o man be where he may, there is something is mysterious and uncanny in the; air after the a clock has ceased striking twelve,,until chanti 5 deer, the herald of the msorn, proclaims the coming day.- Bold is the man who would prowl' aliout tho'oloisters of.the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so I still that-silence seems to have ai voice of its Sown--ghostly murmurings of departed soiinds 0 of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleepin r, house reputed to be. haunted, and especially in one where the owner, like Mr. Timothy Slowbob, Sboasts having a pot family ghost. SIJust as the hands of the clock were-pointing I to the hour of twelve, and the hummer trembled s and throbbed in its action to strike the gong, there appeared in-the picture gallery the tall and spectral figure of a Cavalier. The costume ofthe ghost was perfect in every particular, oven to the long gleaming rapier which his ghastship had drawn and clutched in a dead whnto hand. Ghastly aind luminous was the figuire'. ac, man noiselessly ?wsdvd the Slowlob ' :.r:ly ghost ovs- the poliuned ti?e, bright r: i 6hining i.i'the light of the full moon. Oh, it was ia blood-curdling and hideous sight ! At both entrances to tho haunted picture gallery ran a passage, with spacious bed chambers on each side. Now, the spectre in entering upon its midnight stroll mast have passed Stanley Gildorson's sleeping apartment ; it it held its course, it would come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Rennorn. On stalked the spirit of tihe restless Cavalier. Suddenly it stopped and performed ia very usn ghostlike skip, for at the opposite end of the gallery stood a rival spectre! Ghosts are very jealous. They do not care for company, but revel in solitude, and it is no wonder, then, that 1 this particular ghost should be much put out at flndiing thatithad a rival in a select line of horrifying harmless people into fits. Ghost Number One lowered the point of its sword, and cranedits neck as if half convinced that there must be a tall mirror, at the end of - the gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to be in trouble with its plumed hat, and came straight on. t " Ah-h-h! Oh " gurgled Ghost Number t One. " Yah-h.h! Oh!" shrieked Ghost Number Two. u e Then both howled in chorus, until the house b resounded from end'to eund with the hideous sounds,' and having startled everybody from their beds, fell flat and lay still. "Lord bless us, what is tbemmatter?" roaredl Mr. Slowbob, tearing out of his bedroom. b "Tim-lack! there's either a pack of wild t cats or the very deuce in the house!" He was armed with a club, a relio of the past, snch a one as the ungrateful savage t might have'taken Captain Cook's life with. t ' Don't be anlnrmed,'" said Jack Stanfleld. " The Slowrbob family ghost'has laid itself-or, rather, two of them. Come and see !" Whehen the servants came rushing upon the a scenoe with lunmps and candles, end armed with a weapons, fromn a blunderbuss down to a toast- a ing-fork, the ghosts were found in the picture gallery. There, iii the moonlight, cold, white,. ( anrdm otinless, they lay. Poor things, they o had fainted. b " What the dickens is the mneaning of t this ?" Iellowed Slowbob, senior. " Why,' here's Mr. Gilderion' and Captains liernon i, tricked out-like ruasqueraders." "They had better be taken to their rooms," Jack Stantleld said," and at a more suitable time I will explain all." - " Explain altR?" gasped the old gentleman. " It will take some time to explain.why mwy house should be turned into a galarity show. ' . By this time the: " ghosts" were slowly re- n covering, and they were borne away in oripm- t site directions, as limp as rags. Then Jack c Stantield gave vent to'hbs feelings. He h laughed till he cried, and cried till he laughed. He hung on to anything and everybody he could catch hold of, and looked so apoplectic v that Tim Slowbob thumped him on the back e like a drum and brought him round.. ''"It's thefunniest thing youiiver heard of;' a e said, with toers of mirth still streaming from Ii his eyes. " Captain Ifennon asked me to get I him a Cavalier's dress to play the ghost with. 1 His idea was to pay Gilldeson a visit, and f, frighten him out of the house. And-ha, ha, f ha, oh, my sides!-Gildersoun conceived the i sameidea, and I had the costumes sent down ei from London. They both rubbed their hands a and fa-es with phosphorus, arnd-oh. brave r, ghosts of the. Slowbob family!-they' met. I i think-ha, ha, ha!-they would' have been , glad to'go underground, but the tfoor was'just o a little too solid." Neither Captain Herbert Renson nor Stanley Gilderson seemed to care much for the Christ maseports, and although no word was uttered 1 by their kindly host or any member of his in family of the nocturnal revels, both had made t up their minds to leave Cypress Grange as soon a a?they could within the bounds of politeness. fl They depasted next day, travelling in separate I carriages, and each in his heart bade a long and a lasting farewell to Dinorah. f Early in the ensuing saring the gallant cap- h tain saw a notice in the Tines to the effect that , Dinorsh Slowbob had changed her name to a Staufield. b "' Confound it!" said the captain, tearing the n paper in two, " She would have been my wife b now if it had not been for that lying storyabout e the Slowbob family ghost." s And, strangely enough, Stanley Gilderson t was of the same opinion.-Veerkl Budglet. b b 