I - SPIEHB, GOOD AND MVm. According to psychologists end theosopli ists the appearance of'wraiths, apparitions, doubles, ghbets, etc, of both living and dead IB on the ere of herom ingan established fact. j Tius class of phenomenais epofeea ofin the theosofhic inuiiege "as astral appearances, which are visible on Hie astral p .ans to the snbUer erases which they term the astral senses. Mrs Beeant who has renounced iter m&'erialistic. teachings and become an ardent and" influential disciple of the later Madam': BiaTatefcy, the great -apostle of theoeophy, claims that " the weight of evidence is enor mously on the tide of euch appearances ; that in. all ages of the world human testimony lias borne witness to their reality." Maoypeople,. no doabt, who possess the astral senses and who have had experience of phimlvsms and" apparitions, will support this claim ®fthe occasioDal visitation of spirits, it is s well known, fact that juaany hid epirihi not only exiist b'ul cxerciBe a most unwholesome in flnence oa their victims, An It is on tins Bceoanttliat WolfeV Bcbnapps, tho purest, best, and mast wholesome of sprate, is BupeiGediiig atlothers. Beware of imita tions which are worthless shams.* T" - New am vale in Charters Towers are struck dumbwith tbebeautifulpeaily. teeth, of the residente,but as soon as they hearthat' Mr J. Br. Kain, the celebrated dentist,-has rooms here, they are SID longer surprised, as; they fcnowthatin the South lie wai one of the few who had Che name of doing first-claes workmanship, combined with, artistic And! modern finish. Care of JS McDcrmott, Mosman-Eta-eet* BABBITS have at last invaded the gold field, and mors -are on the way. Graziers and gardeners peed not, however, in die meantime, dread the expense of rabb' t-prooE fencing, as the " bnnnies" are -carefully con fined in tins, (each containing 21b), nnd their only chance of escape is "by way of the t&b;'e Where their presence will be as much appre ciated, as in the -South, it is dreaded. Call at Wslcli and Co.'s MosmiD-street, endhave a OOK at them.* ?? 