HUNGER AND POVERTY. There are few more hackneyed expres sions in the whole of Shakespeare's plays than that one of Marcellus in the presence of the. ghost, " There's someH;ing, rotten Ju- the state of Den mark>''.< 1Suph' .,aii::' expression might witli truth bappliedlimos.t.jevery country under the sun at the present day. All round,1 and from every quarter we read tales of poverty and distress, until the sickening spectacle loses half its horror and all of its effect. Week after week the world is treated to tresh revelations 01 the agonies endured by the famine stricken millions of Russia ; and the sufferings of that downtrodden empire are accepted as a part of, and as the result of the cursed system which holds them like brute beasts in subjection. Our protectionist advocates never cease pointing at England, her poverty and .misery, as the outcome of a freetrade policy. But during the last few weeks the revelations from other countries have been sufficient to silence this argument. Now we read of thousands of. starving people in Austria rioting for bread. ; the cable states that 12,000 human beings "applied to the officials for this sole necessary of life. A similar state of affairs, is shown to exist in Germany and in France ; in both, countries unemployed have made demonstrations, and there has been a good deal of rioting. Added to all this we read of steps being taken in America to meet the increasing poverty and distress ; and coming to this great country we have a state of affairs existing which stands in mocking con trast to our vaunted progressive civiliz ation. Throughout the world we find economists, philanthropists, societies and commicsions discussing, inquiring and taking all manner of steps to unravel the terrible mystery. In the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce it has been proposed to establish a com mission of inquiry into the causes of the present depression ruling there. In Queensland Sir Samuel Griffith has placed the introduction of ad ditional black labor as the saving medium for that country. It is clear then with such an appalling record of human misery and poverty, arising under circumstances so varied, and under conditions representing nearly every phase of civilisation there must be something rotten in the conditions of life in this nineteenth century. Advanced education and growing intelligence have swept away all traces of serfdom aud so-called slavery. The extension of the franchise, of trade unions, and a score of other influences have served to make English speaking races free, although not necessarily independent. Even within a couple of centuries the whole social con ditions of life have been changed ; from the mode of obtaining the necessaries of existence to the manner of using them. Luxury has increased side by side with poverty, and this in the most democratic country in the world, as also in those under autocracies. Shakespeare, quoting from the Bible, says " There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow." High society iu great Empires now decrees that pet dogs and cats shall be spoon-fed and clothed in gold and silver embroidered jackets, and this whilst millions starve for want of the necessaries of life. Throughout the world as it is to- day poverty is a crime, successful swindling and roguery is genius ; might is right ; so called society is guided by cliques and hangers-on for patronage and office, and Goldsmith says, " Laws grind the poor and rich men make the laws. ' ' Political parties are swayed by party influence often blinded to the truth. To the present day remedies for poverty and distress are mere quackery, and true solution still lies hidden beneath a world of shams. When we have come to realise the value of human life, and when the greed of wealth and monopoly has given place to a greater equality, and when the true position of land as the people's heritage is recognised, one step towards the elucidation of the mystery will have been secured. 