A PROCESSION OF GHOSTS.* Here is a fair parade of the ghosts of literary ladies who were once extremely popular. The show is a very entertaining one, and very far from uninstructive. Mrs Hamilton has done her work happily and well, understanding precisely what it is that we readers and writers of to-day desire to know concerning these erstwhile heroines ef the quill. Very few of them appeal to us any longer through their "works;" but their " ways," the ctori's of their sire, how they came to write, how their successes were won, what their rewards were, what note contemporary criticism took of them, what figure they made in their world-all this is interesting to us. Here are many ladies admirably shown forth, almost every type of writing woman, poets, novelists, dramatists, essayists; Fiancee flurney, whose "satirical lithe pen" has not yet lost its virtue, for the Diary is delightful read ing; the astonishing De Stael, "the Begum of Literature," with her white arms, her turban and her terrific tongue; that terribly fine young creature, Mrs Inchbald, a permanent type of the literary adven turess; Joanna Baillie, the Scotch minister's daughter, and " the only woman who has ever written a creditable tragedy;" Lady Anne Barnard, who gave us the im mortal Auld Robin Gray and no more; Lady Nairn, who wrote the Land o' the Leal; the horrific Ann Radelifle, who gave two generations the shivers ; Mrs Bar bauld, Hannah IMore, "dear Aunt Jane" Austen, the radiant Lady Blessington and others. CL:arly fame of all but the highest order is primarily, and in many cases entirely an affair of fashion. The judgment of the public seems all but valueless, and that of the accredited critics scarcely better. One is astonished on turning over Des Hamilton's bright pages to read the praises which Dr. John son, Sir Wralter Scott, Hazlitt, Byron, Landor lavished upon playa, poems or novels which have lain rotting this many a year on the least eccessible smelves of the orscur-e a corner in the library. Equally clear is it, however, that any woman (we are treating only of the gentle sex to-day) who acquired literary fame during her life time is at least great in her own genera tion. Whamover may be the general average of intelligence at any period, to be so far in advance of it as to become a "popular" author is a very signal distinction. Nearly all of Mrs Hamilton's ghosts were extraordinarily popular ladies in their day ; many of them every bit as popular (and as sedulously " boomed" by distinguished critics) as the tallest literary eiants of our own quarter of a century. But what in significant is this, that the very small number of them whose reputations have survived were the ones who were least regarded by their con y temporaries. Mrs Radcliffe was to the full as popular as Mr hider Haggard; and Scott, when he read Joanna Baillie's tragedy of De Montfort, actually wroem in J Marmion that "Avon's swans" should i deem "thair own Shakespeare lived s again ; but Jane Austen did not meet a during her lifetime one single critic s worthy of her genius. She had "slept in her quiet grave in Winchester t Cathedral" six years when Archbishop ;rWhately first told the readers of the SQuarterly Revicew what manner of woman a she was. So much for fame, ladies! O sona'T I.-orAnAorr D'ARrLY. a In a gay opening chapter, Mrs Hamilton 3 brings Frances Burney (MIadame d'Arblay) before us. Fame burst all of a sudden upon " Dr. Burney's timid little daughter." She wrote "Evelina" at 26, followed it up with s "Cecilia," and was the wonder of the day. One can imagine her feelings when she heard that Johnson could repeat whole pages of "Evelina." Sheridan urged I her to write a comedy, and society I caressed her. Then came the memor able presentation to George ILL, so deliciously described in the Diary, I and after that the five years of penal servitude at court as a keeper of the Queen's wardrobe. These posts of a upper servants at court should always be reserved for the nobility; they are not at i al fit for persons of genius, and it is rather gratifying than otherwise to think that s Frances Barney made a worse wardrobe \- keeper than any duchess would have done. However, posterity oros a good deal of the I Diary to it, so posterity is selfishly glad of , Mits Burney's servitude. Ris is her gentle s and witty ashes! she has for eurre had her s revenge of Mrs Schwelienberg in the \- shades! We may fairly write her down as the mother of the modern school of fiction. GHOS50T Ir.-osus sNerreALo. a The gay ghost of Chapter IL was once the gifted, beautiful, and much daring Elizsboth Inobbald, "something between a mikmaid and a lady," who would be an a actress, and who, at the age of 19, e "on April 11, 1772, early in the morning, left my mother's house unknown to anyone, same to London in the Norwich fly, and e got lodgings tit the Rose and Crown, in St. " John-street." Here commenced a series of adventures, generally amusing, but not always strictly correct, tempered bya diet of "penny rolls and water." A widow of 21, after a mrixed experience of the stage in London and provinces, and cheap lodgings in France, she began to play at Covent Garden at £1 GI ld a week, and three years later she is the brilliant Mrs Incbbald, actress, authoress, wit, and beauty, who gets £130 for a farce, and £000 for a comedy. trernovel,, the" Simple Stesy" (whioh Maria Edgeworth read three times) and "Nature and Art.', showar delicate and feeling heart, considerishlo 1 tragic power, and oftun a file sense of style. Hazlett considerod " Nature and Art" one one of the mast interestirg and p.,treti stories ever rrirttn.'t Ito her declining yetrra, whoa her bersuty bad forsaken hrer, and she wtrs living in aolilar'y lrsdgings Isaving money for her sister, Madame de Stael insioted uprrn meetieg her at a third peroon's hrouse, rind asked bee why shze Sshuourd cozirey. " Be truce I drr aIthre r 1 snelirtees tltrt tell foflote." " Wta:! wrill yen feel your solitude nmore when ayoa return fram this company titan yotr tld before you came P' " Yes; * a I have no one to tell tirat I hrave seen you, -na one to wehons £ can repeat the many encomiuims you hrrve lsass':d on my "Simple IStory," no one to ensjoy tiny of yourr prriise buot myself," She died at G8, "repentant -and forgetfal srf the woorld," though it a would he a hrard judge whro would tsay that shre h~ad muchr to repent of. 6She made the world laugh and weep. r OS III.-arADAME DE scArs,. e .-,Way now for the thalmasratturgie de St-set hlrerelf. Really one haordly Icuows, though she hind been dead t'aree-qusavtsro of to century, how to aum urp this extra I vagarit, heroic creature. tier own age s eems to never have hnotvn exactly \- what tn make of brhe. To some great ones she was a deligirt, to othees a terror and a 5 torment. Shrs was certainly one of the ''Womsa W~riters Tireir 'Works and 'Waye." I By Catherine J, Htieiltsn. (Loadoan: Ward, Lock, sad Cs.) porsonalities of the Europe of her day, and (as with Beaconsfield) it is as a person ality more than as a writer that she sur vives. Moore dubbed her "the Begum of Literature," and that felicitous phrase tells more than a dozen pages of criticism of 'Delphins' and 'Corinne.' Yet her renown as a writer was European. In Edinburgh 'learned and scientific men stopped in the streets to talk of her new novel.' " dhe was the most prodigious and qu mehless talker of her day. Byron com plained of the time she sat after dinner 11 the gentlemen wished Mrs Cor rine in the drawingroom." One has a vast vision of iher still, waving her white arms through the drawingrooms of Europe, seizing all men by the button hole, haranguing the universe on universal topics, Talleyrand has told how she would burst out thus, without an atom of pro- vocation :-" Rise from thy asher, 0 Rous seau ! and encourage in his career the man who, having to contend with the extremity of misery, aims at securing the perfect good." Heavens. what a female ! Goethe grosno out how "she dashes in without noto or warning, fells you with a club, and the next minute you must begin piping tunes for her, and jrg them from subject ti subject." Napoleon could not breathe the same air with her; she must be banished 40 leagues from Paris. When the Duke of Marlborough, "who had not spoken for three yearo," heard that she was coming to Marlborough Iso cried, "'laki me away I" Yet this was a generous and high souled creature, with a passion for liberty and incapable of giving pain ; and she thought the Lord's Prayer worth all the metaphysics in creation. Perhaps Byron was not far wrong when he ex- claimed-" She would have made a great man !"] HeisT Iv.-Moo OS tSAULD. All mention of the worthy Mrs Barbauld leaves us, we' meet confess, very cold. We cannot read her " Books for Children," nor the poem called 1811 (which un- doubtedly gave Macaulay his inspira- tion for the famous psseage about the New Zealander; but we would never go so far as to approve the eccentric young man who composed for his private joy an elaborate paper discussing " The best way of putting an end to Mrs Bar- bauld's life." This was. in good sooth, an admirable and a handsome woman; a good classical scholar, the friend and corres- pondent of many of her most eminent con- tenrporaries; and as for those "Books for Children," it were kindly to say with Dr. Johnson, " To plant the first idea in a human mind, sir, can be no dishonour to any band." She could read at two years old, which was going one year better than Swift; she had three or four old lovers, who " never ceass to look upon her with affection as well as admiration; " and she lived blamelessly for 82 years. Words worth said that he wished he had written these two lines of here: Life! we have been long together, Through pleasaut and through stormy weather. Adieu, adieu, good Barbauld ! OSHOST Y.-HANNhAH HO550w Hannah More is another of Mrs Hamil tone's estimables to whey' wer-i's our heart will not swarrm. Hero, nec" osslees, is a most pleasing picture of her, a variousa woman, Puritan to the roots, infinitely platitudinous as often as she took up the pen, but with loveable little lapses into worldliness in her social inter- course. She begins as a girl with her - Letters to Depraved Characters," and winds up with her cheap 1 repository tranto, of which 2,000,000 were sold in one year. in between, we may just note her novel of " Celebs in Search of a Wits," which has glimpses of a dry wit. Everything she wrote " was greeted with fattery and applause"-perhaps not too wisely bestowed. She was at home with the Garricks and a pet of Johnson's. We see her beaming in the theatre one night, and anon hear her mourning over " the strawberries which cost £150 at Lady Stormont's breakfast last Saturday." Mac- aulay called her his second mother. A thoroughly interesting and idiosyncratic woman, but, when there is question of her literary works, we must respectfully beg, with the Duke of Marlborough, to be taken away. SOME SCOTCH GHOSTS. Over those rare Scotch songstresses, Lady Anne Barnard and Lady Nairn, we need not delay. Mire Hamilton has sketched them both charmingly. We pause only to note 's curious virtue (whrch so some cases, hoseever, amorunted to a morbid wecak ness) displayed by many of these bygono ladies of the pen. It was their resolute determination to hide their literary light under a bushel. They shrank from being known and applaud..d as authoresses. Fair ladies. what say you to tis? When all the country know Aulid Robin Gray, and the French had tranelated rt, and tire Society of Antiquaries were c~fferiny' a reward of £20 " to anybody wise would throw light. on the subject," Lady Anne " remained resolutely silent." When Lady Nairn was writing those brasv Jacobite songs, the fire of which has not di-d in thiue 't this day, she allowed it to be supposed that she wrrs all the while inditing love letters to her sweetheart. vTRAIGIT FsOns THE CIIARNEL HOUSE. The wine and noisy fame of the super sernitive Mrs Raloliffe need not in any waey urprise o1. Ie any day of the sen satiocal novel ales would hrave had a clam orous public. In our own day she would have been no rival of Mr Stevenson, but she would leave rim Me Htider Heiggard (sot so respect of " King Solomlon's Alires," hut in respect of " She ") a rather hard race; she would have left the "Hansom Cab" manu faoturer nowehere; and Miss tradon, and cetawinl Mrs Heny hWved, would have leadel ba e sto loolt theirlues Merts Raclfher fonedy mtherl chool ofhorror, eand, within lmtsshe wetasra istes of itr. Shil e bedc nowtohnmoh tlsrr snsl ant thesin desrip irgiostisoyon the wouldhavie ofsurpvee thouhrein hand woul dobharebo t, laost habrat pof Lemosu. huAsityi," wae Icuoter onlyes aslunilhful ehnist hr and sinc sh veymaerial epi rnel Irores, we a~re notuitn to~hees afraidof her Stil wefac ghost storyk aeny the othetsid of Styr tJrogh w haveno nor douletstiesto amonst thathr"posthuOsi s hranity,"oJae onlstin mhles as nscpy re of leert uils ever. her s 0Tom ArMN uoore i etio. s worid fhainiterstl no in y tir huerr of Faher kedt Daughcter o" bu ft, e indew dscnot thinky apenn rthe betterz, ofhirh Iasolacyme Opi wasr Laheyrosue "Only Vin lage" (not a play), which has passages as delicate as Lamb's; she stands close to Cowper as a letter writer; she was eulo gised by Kingsley as "the single eye, the daughter of light ;" she lived a long life of whole souled devotion to others, and no body ever had the heart to tell her that she once went to an evening party with the shop ticket hanging from the border of her brand now evening cap. It is less than 40 years since flights of angels sang Miss Mitford t) her rest. Maria Edgoworth fills the chapter after Mrs Radcliffe. Has modern criticism anything to say to the elaborately moral Maria P It cannot quite pass her by, if "Castle Rackrent" be acknowledged as "the perent of the large family of Irish novels," and we believe it may lay claim to that distinction. But Maria herself, and all the 47 volumes that she ventured her name to, are nebulous existences at this day. We can still read the " Essay on Bulls and Blunders," which she wrote in collaboration with her fhther (Maria's relations with her father are a part of the romance of letterm; he was to her what George Henry Lewes was to George Eliot), but we deny her any touch of genius; and the " Moral Tales" which appear to have given her such place as she has in letters we could now never think of as fit for anything but parody. Mr Burnand might deal with the pick of them as he dealt with " Sandford and Merton." The author of " Sandford and Merton," by the way, was a friend of Maria's ingenious father. Macaulay praised her at the dinner table, Moore called her "delight. ful," and Byron mentions her in his " Diary " as " a nice little unassuming Jennie Deans looking body. . . , her conversation as quiet as herself." And else was the lioness of London the year after Byron had been its lion. We must leave the rest of Mrs uanlil ton's entertaining ghosts- Sydney Owen son (Lady Morgan) whose story is so much more captivating than her stories; Joanna Baillie, who would write plays pith a purpose, and whom Scott himself could not immortalise; Ssian Furrier, of whom Christopher Norin wondered whero in heaven she picked up her knowledge of the world, and whom incautious admirers have called " the Scotch Jane Austen," and Lady Blessington, who made £1000 a year by a pen which in these days would have been worth about ss2 a week to her in Mr Yates a column of " What the World Says."-Daily Chronicle. 