Brother (Men or on Ghosts. 41 It has cum to my knowledge,'* said Brothor Gardner after tho meeting had been opened in due form, “ dnt snrtin members of did Limo* kiln Club nm trubhlud will ectiiu’ ghosts an' bearin' strange noises. I hev booii told dat Shindig Watkinn has received three distinct warniu’sdis spring lo prepare hisself fur do grave; dat Kuruol CabitF can't sleep fur heuriu* whispers at midnight, an* dat Eldor Toots wakes up moos* obery night an’ sees a spook wid Jery eyes glarin' at him obor de ftit o’ his bed. I hev got a few words to say on dis eubjick of ghosts, r.u* I want de members o' dis club to lisseu wid all dcir might. “ I am now sixty-one y’ars old, an* I reckon I hev had ns much experience wid ghosts nu' Mich as nny oddor man of yo’, I usea to believe in ’em. D.tr was a time when I’d hev hot my mow) ngiu a peck of benna dat ghosts was a-playin’ baseball under my bed obery uight of do y’nr, I lay dnr nti’heard warnin’s an* death tricks an’ whispered voices, an* I got up iu do inawnin’ fecliu’ dat I was not long fur dis world. Biineby I began to liggor, an’ it wasn’t a week befn’ I solved de mystery, I raado out about as toilers : “Ifyo'ura six weeks behind on yo*r houso rontyo* will see a spook lookin’at yo’ obor do footboard of do bed. lie's dur to inquar* what yo’ am gwino to do about it. “If yo' has bin shootiu'- craps and lost do two dollars de ole woman had saved up to buy a pa’r o* shoes, yo’U h’ar ghostly footsteps all obor do oabiu fur three nights runnin*. Yo’ll also h’ar from de ole woman doorm’ de day. “If I hud bin sorter walkin’ around doorin* do day and hud diskirered a hencoop which promised to pun out well de fust dark night, I Bhould listen mighty hard when I got to bod. If I heard a death tick iu do wall I should tako it to moan dat I’d better letdcrn twenty-two chickens alone, ’cause deir was a spring gun jest insido do doah of do coop. If I didn’t h’ar do tick I reckon I’d chance it, though I’d go powerful slow an* feel all around in de dark fur dat gun. “If a white man cams along in de mawnin’ an’ oilers yo’ a dollar fur a day’s work, an’ yo* stick fur a dollar an’ a half an1 continuer to sot on do fence ’cause ho won’t give it, yo’ll go to bed dat night to h’nr strange wldapers all arouud yo*. If yo’ll lisaen cluely yo’ll mako out dat yo* am bein’ told yo’d bettor resign from dis club befor’ yo’ git do bounce! “If Samuel Shin should borrow two dollars in cash of mo, which he can't possibly do, an* should fail to pay it back at do tlmo agreed upon, he’d see ghosts at night. Doy wouldn't be ghosts from tho graveyard, but ghosts from his conscience. Dar am uuilm’reul about it, Yo’vo donn sunthin* moan, an’ yo’ feel con science stricken obor it. No member of dis club who keeps up his duos, pays his debts, an’ tricB to live like a docent man need be afenrod of spooks. He’ll go to bed to sleep as souud as a brick. Spooks won’t hev no use fur him. “ From dis time on I shall hev an eye out fur Bruddcrs Watkins, Jones, CabifT an* Toots, an* fursich odder members of die club us may take to seeiu’ a ghost an* bearin' warnin’s. I doan say dat seem* a ghost will bo considered sufficient rcasou for expulsion, hut it will go a long ways toward makiu* iuc foci sartin dat sich puBsons doan reflect no particklcr credit on dis club as a nnahuual orgaui/.nshun.” Brother Jones arose and tried to squaro him self by explaining that what lm tool; to bo the whispers of spirit voices turned out to bo nothing but tho labored breathing of his brindled dog under tho bad, and that ho had so reported, but Brother Gardner rapped for order an’ said: “Sot down, Bruddet Jones! Dar am no quoshun befo’ do house. Yo’ hev heard what J had to Bay, an* I hope yo’ will profit bvit, same as do roat. At do next mootin' I shall arrango wid Sir Isaac Walpole to move dat byelaw No. GGG bo amended to read so dat any member seoin’ a ghoBt or bein' whispered to at midnight by a speerit shall stand accused do same as if ho had buatod into do museum nu’ stolon do sacred skull of Cicero.'* Why is it that death should come before tho allotted age of “ three score and ten,” and why so many millions of human beings never live to see threo scoro and fivo, nnil why that not one iu evprv thousand livo to throe score years? Wo kill ourselves. Many interesting particulars are found in tables of physiologists uud writers on hygiene. Tho eminent phy siologists, Haller and Buffou, present interest ing particulars on tho subject of longevity. Thoy treat it iu two ways, historical and physical. The historical side of tho rocitation of all facts known of tho naturally ordinary and extreme duration of life and the physical aspect of tho problem involves tho contempla tion of tho great natural phases of development of tho opecies, digestion, period of growta and length of life. Mankind pays too little attention to tho wurning voico of nature, signs of approaching ralaniit^T tJiVor^noi.nho,, ©f the uflccted organ increases, and aftor a timo becomes insensible, then no pain is felt, nud tho sulTerer is deluded into the beliof that ho hni shaken oiT the disease, nothing could bo more erroneous or dangerous, for tho complaint has only passed ou ono further stage towards tho end, aad nature ceases to send those warn ing aches and pains as they wero unnoticed whon scut, tho delility and weakness increases, however, and nervousness, loss of appetite and general langour comes on aud a cold is caught iu the kidueys, lungs or livor, aud anothor life is sacrificed to Bright’s disease, Consumption or some other surious and fatal disease. Scoffers can talk as they like ut tho virtues claimed for Clements Tonic, but even the most prejudiced mou know it is gcuuino nnd does posses merits no other mediciuo ever did, as instanced iu the following caso For tho past four years I have been a great sufforcr from severe pains in tho back and loft lido, being ut times quite unablo to do any work or even walk about. I suffered iu this way until it became quite unbearable and iu February, 1S89,1 consulted a physician who treated mo for seventeen months, and during that timo I suffored tho severest torture under Ids treatment, aud instead of improving, con tinued to got worse, he said at last, “ I have done all I cuu and you will never bo better.” This drove mo to despair nud I went under another doctor’s treatment for four months and took about thirty bottles of medicine, but with no result, I was giving up all hopes when I road of the wonderful cures effected by Clements Tonic, and on my husband's advice tried it, and after the uso of only three bottles I was quite a different woman. I have taken fifteen bottles, and feel as well and strong as ever, and can do my work with ease aud ploasurc, whereas it was a great trouble before using Clements Tonic; I can now walk for miles without fatigue. Before taking this znedicino I had often suffers^ with neuralgia for weeks at a timo and could ffever got any relief, • but since taking Clements Tonic I have never had an attack of it since. As a roiult ef my experience I have much pleasure in recommend ing it to all afflicted. Mrs S. E. Baker, Swan stroet, Morpeth,.N.S.W, Header!—Is it any wonder interested people should be jealous of Clemente Tonic when its patrons write euth. spontaneous praise aa that ? yet there is not a mail bag comes our way but what brings ut similar letters. F. M. Clements, 212 a'Beckett street, Melbourne. 