I Urgent Private Affairs. Br EICHABD DOWUNG, H p. The Mystery of Willabd, h aithob f weird sisters,' &c.; jn foub chafters. I (Clambers' Miscellany.) I CHAPTER III. I OrEKlNG THE DBAWIHG-BOOM OF fl gabwood house. I ijppgm or fact S— dream or fact I— , m or fact V thought Nellie Morton, I he lay on be er own room I "tor Mrs Bathnrst had left ten Had he heard this man say he was hope- Wf mined I Had she dreamed that ' >5 Bnrifcftfoi that she. Ellen aha Ola - w— — , — — I Morton, could save him? If she had dreamed, what could the words and I Ltures of Mrs Bathurst mean ? Only , I c thing— only that this monstrous "Lture should come by whatever money I her father had saved. How was that to | be done? Only 1b one way— by this I a5rfiil, this monstrous man marrying I her! . . What a horrible, wnao an mnoieraoie I position was bers ! Colonel Pickering jjd bidden her good-bye, aod she had no jddress for him between the leave- taking and Gibraltar. In all the world she did tnow a sonl on whom she conld rely I for help or advice. She thought of her old school, but that was in Yorkshire. jjost 0f her acquaintances in Deighton I were connected with the regiment, and od the move with the Colonel. She had I never gone a journey by hereelfiand she jyj jjte a Inst wanderer in a desert, or the sole human being on an island where Jjpjsts of prey lurked in every shelter. H She was alone in Grrwood, aloue in I London, alone in England, alone in gopope ! There was no one to whom she nnn, at. She was imprisoned Bjthin the high walls of these lonely —pads. She was certain it would be fforae than useless to ask assistance of sny servant in the house. The old B0IB&n; who had opened the lodge-gate H ffoUld, she knew, refuse to let her out H Even if ehe succeeded in gaining the I public road, what could she do there ? gfj6 could not wander about day and H sight She bad only a little money in her pocket, and even if she had ten H times as much, what could she do with jt; ghe never in all her life had bought food or been across the threshold of an hotel. But what was the use of think- I log about liberty ? From the grounds of Garwood House she could no more escape than flee to her father in remote H Brazil- Mrs. Bathurst had chilled her, had gent the blood back iolo her heart, until H she felt suffocatiue, until she awoke to shadowy terrors threatening ber in dis- lances and silences and spaces of that H oppressive uuuw. J.U .uv wmw UV.UOO the nooks and corners had been no more B foil of fears than on esplanade or terrace pt conntry lane. Here nooks and B corners were the hiding-places from vihich ghosts fled on one's approach. H jfatethe vast spaces over the stairways H wen the haunts of shrouded mystery M ud hiding echo. H Mrs Bathurst had chilled her : H William Bathurst had made her blood freeze with terror. The hideousness H of his appearance stunned her, and at sound of his monstrous voice and H sight of his revolting capers, she bad H swooned. And then to think — if she conld trust her numbed senses— this old woman had indicted that this bideoue man was to be her suitor 3 She who had never beard word of love from man H was by a vile conspiracy to be forced into the arms of this loathsome creatnre, < B in order that his ruined fortunes might be made whole with ber tatber'e money ! B Sorely no one in England conld to-day ra contemplate so odious a crime : one S would die, ay, die a thousand deaths of agony before yielding to so hateful a fate. Conld it he that she gathered the H real import of what had gone on while H she sat half conscious ? H There was no room for doubt. Had not the old woman begun with a recep- lion chillier than December ? Had she H not told herthis William Bathurst would H never marry? And then, after learning that her son had lost his money, had the not spoken in terms of affection, nay, H w .u. g..., ..uw |"v H sence seemed a burden and an injury an H hour before? What more confirmation H was needed 1 She was the ceDlre of a vile plot, en- compassed by inviolate walls, alone, helpless, friendless ! i Oh, would not merciful death come to deliver her ! Inviolate wall ? The grounds were not closed in on all sides by walls — at the foot of the grounds flowed the river ! H Nellie rose from the bed. She was H deadly pale. She caught up the hat worn that day in the grounds, and stole out of the room, out of the houee, and, H following the dip of the land, took her way towards the Thames. When William Bathnrst had left the B house at the bidding of biB mother, the old woman rang the belt and ordered the luncheon things to be taken away. She B then crossed the great hall into the large gloomy drawing-room. Atordinary times, months went by without a visit h ««ui eauer nerseii -or ' ner bou to uiio great chamber. The blinds were always kept down, and in spite of the blaring B unclouded June son, only a dim twi- I light 6lled the place. She drew up the blinds. That was her flret act towards changing the aspect B of the house, as an indication that all I within had changed Up to this day she had her mind made np that her son would never marry. This day she made DP her mind William should tike a I Wife. She raised the blinds as the first act to prepare the house for her son's marriage. B She had been tbe inapirer of her hue- I D&nd;'fl flnp.fttllalinne in l-ha and ha I l® all he died worth to her. This wu not the faouBe where her hnsband B died. He bonght it a short time before B death, but bad never lived in it B The widow let it nntil she began to be B troubled with those alarming hysterical J B seizures ; then, it being qniet, retired, j I sutronnded by large walls and high Walle and large grounds, out of the way I and well qualified to keep a secret,. she I went to live in it herself taking ber son I With her. I When mother and son moved into I Garwood Honse, the place was furnished fot ordinary family use. Mrs Bathurst had not then derided William should never marry. But as years went on, the air of retirement deepened around the. house, the isolation of its inmates be came more strict, until from year's end to year's end no stranger entered its gates. The rising of the drawing-room window blinds to-day was to let in the dawn of a new era. William had lost all his money, and all hermoney as well, in those villainous South American speculations. But the very Bame day that news of the disaster reached London, this girl, Ellen Morton, strayed under their roof with a fortune large enough to save William. Nay, more, the finger of fate pointed indubitably to tbe match ; for, out of the South America which had engulfed William's money, the money of this girl had been rendered Into their bands, and the veiy day which brought ruin to the City bom the south brought news from the south of tbe I death of the girl'a father, and the de parture of the girl's only Mends from England, thus leaving this Ellen Morton with her fortune comptetely in their power. The old woman knew all her son's affairs save those connected with the speculations she bad discountenanced. Once yon go south of the equator I abandon you,' she had said to him long ago when he first broke loose from her counsel. ' Ton are not to mention to me any of your affairs in that iios of thieves and revolutions. All I will ever hear of South America la that Christopher Morton's money comes safely out of it, and does not go back there to be lost.' She knew that by this time the amount of Christopher Morton's invest- ments must be thirty or forty: thousand pounds. This was not a large fortune, but it ongkt to be enough to give her son time to recover himself ; and as she was quite enre William would never H cr flirt riforoon.rri liar uvToim hoe onn would once more be able to hold up his head as a member of the Stock Exchange. She knew that in the will lodged with Christopher Morton's lawyer the dead engineer had left all his money to his daughter, and appointed her sou and Colonel Pickering guardians and trustees. Tbe father now was dead ; and the other guardian and trustee would be out of England before morning, and wonld not be back again nntil this girl was of age — until she was married. Mrs Bathurst rang the drawing-room bell, which had not sounded for no one knew how long. ' Let this room be thoroughly done out to-morrow,' ehe said to the servant; 'and for the future, when the snn is off this side of the house, let the blinds be polled up.' While Mrs. Bathurst was taking a first step in arrangements for her son's future, that son was hastening back to London to stop disaster in the present. Having once made np his mind to use Christopher Morton's money for his ex trication, there was no difficulty iu the way, though there was possible danger of the direst kind. Christopher Morton being dead, and Colonel Pickering as good as out of the country, it was necessary only to produce the signature of the dead man on a certain docament,so as to enable William Bathurst to raise money that very even ing. There was no need to tell any one in the City that Christopher Morton was dead. In fact, it would cause fatal delay if the Dews in the telegram from Brazil got abroad. The message bad been forwarded from his office nnopened, so he was safe from premature disclosure. Bithurst had no moral scrapie abont creating the document he required. It was dangerous work : dangerous work this fabricating of signatures, even of a dead man ; aod dangerous this con cealing of the dead man's death, and dealing with his property as though the signature were genuine and the supposed signatory alive. Bathorst did not in his mind nse the word fraud or felony, bnt he was not blind to the gravity of the act he contemplated. Morton was dead, the girl was under his roof, the other trustee on his way to India; months of undisturbed possession of the money could be counted on — even If the girl did not become his wife — and in months all could be put right. Even the girl did not know of her father's death, and was not to know of it until tnere uaa been time tor a teeter to come from Brazil. Truly, as his mother said, fate had played into his hands ! If he had been allowed to design the situation, nothing could have been better ordered. Lock 1 Yes ; he believed in lack. He had always been lucky until he touched South America,, and the very moment South America proved a ravenous quick sand under his feet, from that self-same South America a hand of succour was nfcretahed forth to him ! A hand of sncconr stretched forth to him ? — or was be stretching forth his hand to rifle the tomb of a friend ? Bah 1 Such thoaghts were childish, and conld not be of nse to a teen man in the City this day of hideous disaster ! He had told bis clerks in Langley Court, Fenchucch Street, that he was goiDg to Garwood. He bad not eaid anything about coming back. Tfiey (lid not "know whether they ebonld see him again that day or not When be walked in at five o'clock they were not surprised. That day no one was surprised by anything done in the City. William "Bathnrst went straight into bis private office and locked the door. In a quarter of an hour he emerged,pale and anxious, and hnrried est That day the banks shut their doors at four as nanal Knt nmtnta nffima fftfooh Anfffftm and were open long after closing-time. In less than half an hoar, Bathnrst was back, had saved: his house, had borrowed money on a. signature which was not genuine, and on the faith that Christopher Morion was alive. -- Com more he turned his face towards home. In the hurry aud exmtement.-pf his operations in the City the necessity for doing Bpeedily what ho was abont prevented thinking. In .the cab which took him to the train and in the train | that carried him away from town hehad plenty of time for reflection. , . ' Saved f he thought as he jumped into cue can. saved r ne tnougui waro aa he flung hi msdf into the y cnsluoned corner, of.rthe railway reroege-V Saved from imminent and complete ruin! How easy it had been ! ,felfllngjlfcffbrt it cost him toplace a aecurebarrler be- tween bis house and destruction! ' To morrow, the names of all the houses sncked down In the whirlpool weald be known in the City, would he known throughout all the commercial world ; and but for the thing he had just done, the house of William Bathurst would be in that black list 1 Favoured by circumstances, and aided by his mother's advice and his bold vigorous action, be had been able to save himself from bankruptcy — from bring posted as a defaulter — be, posted! who had for years held his head so high, and been regarded as a rock of good sense, as a slow-going, money-making speculator 1 He had kept his dealings in JUUVII juuornak «HHBMI. AW VUC need now know that he had burnt bis fingers, to say nothing of escaping annihilation in the fire. True, he had been obliged to ran risks ; but were the risks worth taking into connt ? Supposing the worst, were the risks very great ? No. For, even if Colonel Pickering were not going abroad, he would be friendly and allow his fellow-trustee to do pretty much as he liked ; for the Colonel, no doubt, knew that the dead man had placed unlimited faith in William Bathnrst When his mother suggested his using this money, ehe did not take into connt the risk he wonld run. No doubt she had no suspicions there was sny risk beyond that of nsing another man's money without his authority or know ledge. In the hurry and confusion, her notion most likely was that he could get Morton's money as readily as the money standing to his own credit in his own bank. There would be no need to ondeceive her. Or, indeed, it might be that she knew exactly what he had been obliged to do. " What 1 She, his mother, knew that he was at that moment a felon 3 Monstrous! His mother know he was a felon ! His mother approve — nay, suggest that he flhnnl 1 onmmif o wimn hnrn crimes ! Intolerably monstrons 3 Mascu line as her mind was, still first of all she was his mother, and no man ever yet could believe that his own mother would nrge him to crime 3 Ugh 3 he wonld think no more of this ghastly side of the affair. He wonld dwell altogether on tbe fact that he had been threatened with destruction and had saved him self. He reached the door of Garwood in profound cogitation. He had resolved to take his attention away from un pleasant aspects of the affair, and yet no sooner did be for a moment forget this resolation, tbao, like a spring at the release, his mind flew back to the question : Did his mother know what following her advice involved, a crime on his part? ' Where is Mrs. Bathurst V he asked of the servant who opened the door. ' In the drawing-room, sir.' 1 In the drawing-room 3' cried he, awaking oat of his reverie. ' Did yon say in tbe drawing-room ?' he asked in astonished incredulity. During all their years in this house she had never awaited him in the drawiog-room be fore. . ' Yes, sir ; the mistress ordered dinner to be put back, and ssid that when you . came you were to be good enough to go to the drawing-room, where she is alone.' He hastened across the ball, and entered the room which he had not seen for — months — years. His mother was sitting in the arm of an old-fashioned sofa at one of 1he windows. She motioned him to shut the door and come near her. ' Yon are surprised to find me here. I have drawn up the blinds in honour of Miss Morton — in honour of yonr future wife. Sit down here.' She pointed to tbe other end of tbe sofa. ' How did yon get on in the City ? Did yon arrange everything satisfactorily f 1 Yes. There was no hitcb.' He sat down at the other end of the sofa. ' I am glad of that. I am greatly pleased you acted so promply. Yon have taken all means to ensure safety 1' ' Oh yes, all the means.' ' And there is no going back npon what yon have done ? Even suppose you thought of cbaoging your mind -now, you could uot go back ?' 'No. I have drawn Morton's money, and the proceeds have been paid away against my undischarged liabilities ofto- day.' What could she mean by asking could be go back 1 It seemed clear trom this that his most horrible suspicion was true. It was now plain ehe must know he could not have extricated himself without crime. This was terrible. ' I am glad to hear you cannot go back, that you are now obliged to go on towards prosperity once more. Some thing has occurred since which made me for a moment fear yon might be able to go back npon what we this morning resolved to do.' I A _«l «AH if T /winl<1 T VAtlM £ What is it that has happened V The cold sweat broke out on his forehead. That morning fas had been distracted, driven frantic, made half mad by the things that had occurred io the City. Never in Ms life had he felt fear until now. He -felt cold with fear, clammy with fear, sick with fear.. '-An nnexp'eSlrii event has occurred here since yon left.' What is it T He was not Sore that his voice ottered the question. ' Colonel Pickering came back.' 'WhyT ' He fonnd a telegram for him announcing Morton's death, when he got to town. We never thought of that. We never .thought Morton wonld . have said that Colonel Pickering, also. most be telegraphed to if he died.' \- t KTii ma navnr . tfinnarfil: nf -tih&ii.; Telegrams from Brazil are So dear, 1 fancied one would be enough.' ' Yes ; we never could have been pre- pared for this. Does it make much difference? ; . ''Perhaps. -I do. not know ; I cannot say yet- What has taken place here I He groaned and whipod tbe cold sweat from his forehead. ' He came, not thinking we had word of Morton's death. I did not tell him we had a telegram' '. ' Thank Heaven for that !' ' 'He said he got the a»hle, and ran oat tobreaktbene we toMiss Morton.. T o Diircnf fnr !lpr She war tint in her room. The servant sopposed she bad-gone into the grounds,' «S<her r hat had disappeared.'' .Colonel - Pickering Bald he would go but to took ' Cor -her." She pointed to the window. He had only just left me when you knocked. Does it make much difference ?' 'I thought this man was leaving London to-day?' ' He" says if he can get away by a train near eleven to-night he can catch the ship. — I asked yon, does it make much difference, and you have not answered me. I ask yon again, Does it mate much difference?' ' It may.' Again he groaned and wiped his forehead. Tbe piercing, dark, inscratable eyes of the women were fixed inexorably on his face.' Mnch f she asked. ' Very tnnch ?' ' It may.' He loosed his collar at the neck and stared. His face was ghastly, UU JO" Utvywii For a minute silence was unbroken ; each sat regarding the other. In that brief interval he knew that she must know alL In that brief interval heknew more than associating with her a life time had taught him. In that brief interval the heart of each was revealed to tbe other more plainly than ever wordB conld tell. In that brief interval he knew she valued as dross the wealth he had believed she_worahipped . for it self ; and that for her heart, he, and he alone, tbe ugly, duckling, the Crocodile, was the only gold she saw or worshipped. In that brief Interval he knew she had devoted all her life to Mm, because she had come to the conclnsion no other woman wonld ever love him. In that brief interval he fathomed her plan of concentrating all his mind, on getting money in order that he might have a pursuit which wonld not stale with time — a pursuit that would grow in in terest and become more ardent and absorbing: with time— a pursuit which snccessfully followed would make him powerful and respected in spite of" his grotesque figure and his odions face. In that brief interval the son saw through the mys'ic robe of the sibyl deep in the bosom of tbe woman, the heart of the mother Uuinr with the intolerable vlorv of its unselfish love. Blinded and awed, like Moses by the fiery bash, he was mnte. ' If it is too much,' she said, ' you will try to remember I am a mother, and all I did I did for love, and it is hard for a -mother to help loviog too mnch.' He held ont his hand to her, bat could hot speak. She caught his hand, and sinking npon her knees, raised it to her lips in a transport of gratitnde, crying to her self : ' He will forgive me ! He forgives me even now !' At that moment Bathnrst saw a man running towards the house with some thing in his hand. He raised his mother hastely and flang open the door into the gronnds. The man shouted: 'X cannot find Miss Morton. She is not in the grounds. I found this, her bat, on the bank. The hat is torn, and there are signs that some one has fallen into the river.' CHAPTER IV. RESCUED. When Nellie Morton left her room and wandered into the grounds for the second time that day, she was Id a state of high and extremely unpleasant excite ment. The thought of the river cooled and soothed ber. Except on that side, the grounds of Garwood House were dosed in, shut off from tbe free air of heaven by tall, stifling brick walls. On the Thames' side the grounds were open to the sweet broad flowing air of summer. A girl could notescape over those high brick wails, old and sodden, and smel ling dank in the son. Bat one conld escape by the river. Yes, one might be taken off by a passing boat One might wander fur months close to those greasy walls without seeing a living soul — soch a thing as a meeting withyonng Chaytor that day might not occur again in a life time — bat on the river, people wonld often be in view, passing by now and then. Even supposing no boat, came to take one away, still there was a Doorway of Escape on the river-Bide. It was the Doorway through which only the des perate went ; but one did not know when one might become desperate. Here was the river, and how much cooler to walk up and down by the stream than to breathe the choking atmosphere indoors. No boats were in sight jnst now, bnt no need for any existed at present If desperate need of escape arose while no boats were at haod, there lay the Door for the desperate — the Water. That doorway conld never be closed np. As long as Garwood House stood, it wonld remain free and open. While she paced up and down, tbe violence of her perturbation subsided. She was able to survey more calmly the events of the last few hours. She no longer doubled that the scene after luncheon had occurred aa it appeared to her. The dwarf, William Bathurst, had knnnrla intn thp -rrtnm filinnHno with frenzied laughter, had totd his mother he was bankrupt, had been seizad by a fit ; and on recovering, M<s. Bathnrst bad indicated to Mm that his only means of deliverance froui raiu was by a mormgo with herself, and so getting the money her father had laid by. If it ever came about -that she was forced .to select between the'fate foredoomed for her by the old woman and the river, she would not hesitate a moment. What should she do ! Could she do anything ? Of course, she could not be forced into a marriage with that fearful man. Those who thought she, Ellen Morton, conld be bullied or cajoled into doing anything against her will, did ; : not : know anything . at all of her, Ellen Morton. Bnt her ancle and annt were gone out of Eng land -her father "was riot confine home until the 'autumn ; and between this time and autumn, matters would be very disagreeable for her if she continued a guest at Garwood Honse. And if she ' did not continue a guest there, whither, should she go ?' Here, sgainrc tue wan, uoaer auis tree, ; stood a dilapidated rustic seat. She wonld sit and look deliberately at the case— the very hard and trying case in wMch she fonnd herself. . At her habk rose the end of the wall over wMch young Chaytor had climbed ; on her left, just at the end of the seatj janthe river, sRent and deep and dart 7n flip Rb'futnw of beeches and willows 7 on her. right lay a tangled wild o ess of neglected Undergroivth ; in front of her itdntched the 'dqstjr dry pathway, from wlficb 311 <verdnre had-been burned by a hotand droughty inohth. ' Here, In the shade, the air was cooler 1 and fresher than even on the unsheltered pathway by the river. She took off her hat, to let the breeze tonch more freely her forehead and neck and hair. Her mind, instead oftakingnp the considera tion of the future, ran back npon the past. She thought of the happy time spent with the bluff, kind-hearted, simple-minded Colonel and his affection ate, soft-mannered wife. She reviewed the peaceful days with them, and the frank modest gaieties of Deighton, where she had emerged from school into life and the world. When an overwhelming contrast be tween that stirring garrison town and f.tiA lafltuwvip ofermofinn <if flila riavBAnrl Honse ! And to think that only a week ago— nay, bnt yesterday — she had been there with her sweet-mirided annt and blnff nncle ; and here ehe was today mewed inside these repellent walls, with this chilling mysterious woman, and this man, more fearful and odions than any hnman being she had seen, than any nightmare which had ever made the silent chambers of darkness hideons 3 She -shuddered at the thought of the man. Then she started and looked round uneasily. Had that shudder shaken the leaves of the trees overhead? Impossible. Yet the leaves of the tree, or some other leaves near, had raetled more thanthe faint breeze wonld warrant. It was more than a rustle — it was a sonnd of rustling to wMch was added b sound of poshing among twigs; She looked, round again. With a start, she sprang to her feet, pale, gasping, trembl ing. Some living thing was moving in the' bracken on the right.- It conld not be a large animal, for nothing appeared above the ferns. It was poshing to wards theriver — towards her ! — towards where Bhe stood, shaking in every limb ! Then all of a sudden a hideous lizard, huge, flat-backed, long-tailed, stole fur tively into view and looking cunningly a UWUU WWW us UUC OMIOIl Qril UJ C| W BggCU his prodigious head and waddled slowly towards the girl. On the wild impulse of escape from the l<<atbsome reptile, she sprang back ward, stumbled over the bank, and, with a scream, fell into the deep slow-flowing water of the river. The lizard waddled forward, snapped op the fallen hat of the girl, dropped it and tumbled himself into tbe stream. At the same instant tbe form of a young man clad in flannels plnnged into the river from the opposite side of the division wall against which the girl had been sitting. He rose and etrnck back through the sluggish water to the bank with the head of the girl resting on his shoulder. This time she was in no half- conscioas state ; this time every trace of consciousness had left her. The yonog man gained tbe slip in his own gronnd, and slowly and carefully carried her up the bank. Here he eMfted Mb burden, to make it more convenient. He did not call oat for help. He never felt less need of help in all his life. He never beforefelt so proud ofhis broad eboulders as when he rested her head on one of them. He never felt so prond of his strength as when he shook his head, and steppod fur (raid towarJc hbc hoaac) disdaining to own to himself that he bore any burden at all. He could walk thus to the end of the world, the harden helping, not hindering. When he arrived at the door, hie part was done, and be called for assistance. Mary and Hate and Lilian were in stantly in attendance on the inanimate girl ; and presently his widowed mother appeared, a stately and gracious lady of middle age. To them George briefly explained what had occurred. The girl was earned upstairs; and when she was safe in a room, with all four women busy around her, George stole out into tbe gronnds for a walk and a smoke, to qniet him, and for solitude, in which to build a romance-all to himself around his oeantirui neignpour ana nis two auven- tares with her that day — the veiy first day of her sojourn at Garwood Honse. It was plain to George that these two adventures conld not be mere accident. Fate most mean something by them. What did fate mean ? Well, let time tell, and for the present let Mm dwell in memory on the girl's enchanting beauty. He had been close tothe wall on their side when he heard her scream and saw her fell into tbe river. He had caught a glimpse of her face as she fell, and he was certain she had fainted before she nrtntio fha mo tor Whfif a 1 fellow he was to have been on the spot! What a lucky fellow he was to have her head lying on Ms shoulder as he carried her np to the house 3 He mast go back to the house now, to see how she was getting on, and he most then run round to Garwood to tell them she Was safe. Miss Morton had recovered conscious ness and was doing well. Mary, his eldest sister, gave him tbe news ; and he said be should call at Garwood to tell them of the accident, aod that the girl was safe. It was the sight of your wretched Jacko that made the poor girl stumble into the river,' said Mary indignantly. I always knew that creatnre wonld do some dreadful mischief.' ' Ah,' said George, ' I thought I heard a Becond splash. He didn't hurt her ?' 'No; bat we -cannot thank yon for that. I am delighted the abominable reptile is drowned.' ,n .i jrl _ 1., OOOB KlUUB OL WUWJUllOO a iwv of drowning. I'm off to see the one next door. ' All the water in the ocean wouldn't drown him, if the hangman is to have his due.' Young Chaytor reached Garwood House jnst as the Colonel, impetuous with apprehension, entered the drawing- room holding" Nellie's hat in his "band. Yonng ; Chaytor said . to tbe servant," whom ' he ' met at the back door, a few yards from the wjndow;-doqr through which Colonel just" passed into ihedraw- intwtn'r" I want to see Mrs. Bathnrst at oncey please, abont Miss Morton.' J ill — J It n — i iTji rvl A rt fl , iae uuo uu eta »t. «»i"wuu Honse? and -the servant was quite onpirepared -far the apparition of a young mart en dripping flannels boldly demand ing to see the lady of the house. She wasalittie-thrown- pff 'herhalance by the ud expected demand of .this young mani / . As, however, he , was a next-door : neighbour- — seemed to have something important to say-2nd -mentioned . Miss Morton's name," she thought she might in jiqtie of outside world. She had no notion there was any reason to be uneasy about Nellie, for she had not heard the Colonel's words at the drawing-room door. Upon reaching the drawing-room, she spoke her message so that Mrs. Bathurst, William Bathurst, and the Colonel conld hear. ' A gentleman abont Miss Morton 1' cried the Colonel. ' Show Mm in at once.' In his excitement, he forgot he was not the person to whom the message was addressed or the one. to give orders in that honse. Hie servant retired. Mrs. Bathnrst was seated on the conch. She had not recovered from the emotions which hod jnstetormed through her nature and broken out into a wild, aojecc reveiaaon or ner mind love tor her unhandsome eon. She conld not truBt herself to speak. She had not strength enough to move. She leant against the bade of the sofa. Her eyes were half closed and lack-lustre, as if she dozed. She had a terrible feeling that ehe was losing correct appreciation of ber surroundings. William Bathurst had taken a chair close to the sofa, and sat with head dropped on breast and month open, breathing heavily, like one who has climbed a steep quickly. The Colond, who had token a few quick paces np and down the room, tamed round and faced the door, hold ing the girl's hat still in his band as. yonng Chaytor entered. 'I am Miss Morton's uncle,' said the Colonel, without giving time for any one else to speak. ' Where is she, and what has happened to her P He held ont tbe torn hat, to give emphasis and point to the question. ' Miss Morton fell into the river accidentally. She was got ont, and is now in par place next door quite safa I BBsure yon she is perfectly nnhnrt. Of course she got wet' ' And you, sir, are wet too. Perhaps I ought to have begun by thanking yon »VI UUl SMUVJ 1 OMU VIU) VUtwUCIj advancing to the yonng men and holding out hie band. Uhaytor took tiie outstretched hand and bowed in admission and acknow ledgement ' I happened to be near tbe bank on onr side of the wall when the accident happened 1 ' And yon jumped in aod saved her ? I wish her aunt were here to thank yon.' ' Miss Morton is at our place, the Osiers, next door. Perhaps you, sir, wonld lite to see her P he eaid, laying a light but significant emphasis on the you. ' Fray, lead on, air ; and take my word for it, that you never did a better day's work in yonr life than when yon polled our Nellie out of tbe river, and you may count on my gratitnde in great or small things while I live. — I beg yonr pardon,' said he, suddenly turning, becoming mindfal of the presence of the mother and son. ' L am afraid yon most fancy me very rnde. Hut I conld only think of oar dear girl. I will come baek to you when I have seen her.' And follow ing yonng Chaytor, he went ont of the room, the two leaving the house by the front door. "As "Cliaylor Mil Ovluttel "weufc ronud to the Osiers, the elder man said : ' Nothing could be much more unfor tunate than the business on which I came out here. I have been quartered in Deighton. My regiment is on its way to India. I am due at Portsmouth to night at the very latest, or rather first thing to-morrow morning. I bade good bye to my niece at Bathnrsfs to-day, went to my club, and fonnd a telegram from Brazil, forwarded from DeightoD, saying the girl's father is dead. They didn't know anything abont it, tbe death, at Garwood until I told them — that is, nntil I told Mrs. Bathurst — her son was not at home when T arrived. I am one of the executors aod trustees. Her father intended coming hack for good in hUC BUbUlllaL JLv 13 vCIj' Odd; ttWIUUj sad, for the poor child. I do wish I wasn't going away just now, and such a distance too 3 It really is most unfortu nate that I should be. I suppose I conld obtain permission to join at Suez; or, nnder the distressing circumstances, I might get leave if I applied for it. But of course I shouldn't like to apply just now, with the regiment on the way, aod after being bo long at home too. But surely these are nrgent private affairs, if ever there were nrgent private affaire. I never saw Mrs. Bathnrst nnf.il Ouiar and npvpr saw Mr. Bathnrst nntil jnst now. What an extraordinary- lookirig pair they are 3 Do yon know them very well ?' ' I do not know them at all. I never was in Garwood Honee till to-day, or spoke to either of them nntil this after noon. Indeed, I never spoke to them at all. You saw onr only meeting.' ' And yonr family are not friendly with them?' No one in onr honse ever spoke to either mother or son.' ' I wasn't favourably Impressed with Mr. Bathnrst ; and the son is positively revolting. I do not care much abont leaving onr girl in that woman's charge. Had r seen them. I would never have consented to the arrangement. Yon see, my niece was to stay with them only a short time, only nntil her father came home, and now the poor fellow is gone. I don't like leaving our girl in that honse.' i a ratuer leave ner iu uci ' Would y on ? By George, that's Btrong. Bnt I think yon're right. No ; I will not leave her with them. They wonld be the death of her.' ' Or they wonld drive her mad,' "said young Chaytor ; and then he told Colonel Pickering all abont the son's nickname, bis strange paroxysms of mid night laughter, and the chill mystery and seclnainn in which that house lay. ' I am very glad to hear all this from you,' said the Colonel as they entered the door of the Oners; 'and you are quite right in saying it wonld be better to leave the girl in her grave than in ' George introduced the Colonel to bis mother, who led him to the room where Nellie la/. On the way up-staira he resolved to say nothing about the death of Christopher Morton just now. When Nellie saw Mm she uttered a cry of relief and joy, and stretched ont her hands to him, crying, as they were left alone 'Oh nncle, nncle, this Ib too good to be true < JNOW l reel sate once more. Yon will not leave me 1 Yon will not ask me to go. back to that awful honse— to those awfnl people 1 1 do not care what becomes of me, so that yon do not ask me to go back there. I wonld rather go into the river. I did think of doing that, bat I fell in by accident. Yon will not, dear nncle, let me go back again !' 'Never 3 Not for the crown jewels of England, my dearest child, wonld I let yon enter that place again. I'll telegraph for yonr annt to come back to town from Portsmouth, and I'll apply for leave on nrgent private affaire.' 'Bnt yon don't know ail. It wonld be unreasonable of me to object so much for mere whim or disliking ; but that monBter is a villain, a tKief, I think. Oh, my dear nncle, yon do not know what dreadful people they are.' auu gin up au tuc uuU| pa iq auu trembling, and recounted the scene in the dining-room. As Colonel Pickering listened to the girl's story of that afternoon, he first grew crimson with rage, then pale with resentment, and when she finished, he walked dnmbly np and down the room. At last he spoke in collected and firm tones : ' This is tbe most atrocious con spiracy that ever came close to me in all my life ; and if there ie justice to Re got in England Til have it against that infamous pair.' ' Oh nncle, don't do anything against them, but keep me away from them ! Do not let them come near me. I never was afraid in ail my life before ; but now I am terrified.' 'I must leave yon in Mrs. Chay tor's charge, while I run back to town to see what can be done and how I am to manage all. Do not be io the least un easy, my dear child. You will be as safe here as yon would be in the Tower.' This was not the time to tell the poor girl of her father's death. She was at once too excited and too prostrated for more news of a distressing character. She had been looking forward to her father's return with great happiness. Of late years she had seen so little of mm mat ms person couia ne to ner little more than a vague memory But the desolation of ber present state of mind wonld be injuriously increased if she heard jast now that she most relinquish all hope of ever seeing that shadowy, far-away father again. Nellie in her distress had not asked him why he had come back after leave-taking. No doubt ehe thonght accident or some trivial matter had brought him. When he was gone to town there wonld be talk at the Osiers of his visit. Thst would be the time to tell her of her loss. Before setting ont for town he con fided to Mrs. Chaytor the object of his second visit that day, and aBked the widow to bide her opportunity for telling the ead news to Nellie. ' Just think,' said the Colonel to him self iu the train for Loudon, ' of the villainy of those people in Garwood planning the robbery and marriage of the dearest girl in the world over her father's open grave 3 Hanging wonld he too good for the hideous monster and the old witch.' When he reached London, it was too late that day to make snre of the leave ; but from what he was told, he felt there would be no doubt about his getting it to-morrow before the ship salleo, as iue' case was a moat peculiar and important one, the circumstances admitting of no delay. So off be went to Portsmouth that night, having telegraphed Nellie that he hoped to be back at the Osiers next day. And next day he was back with two months' leave. One of the first tMngs he did was to go to his own solicitor and toll him all he knew ; whereupon that solicitor wrote a brief note to William Bathnrst Esq., of Garwood House. From that day to this Colonel Pickering's solicitor has never got a reply to the note; and he says, when talking of the affair, that no doubt, in the hurry of Mr. Bithurst's sudden jonrney from England to Mexico with nis motner, ne qmce iorgot uo repiy . Bnt as Bathorst had borrowed tbe money that fatal Monday on forged signatures, Nellie did not lose the fortune laid by for her. As the time approached for the Colonel's departure for India, the question once more presented itself as to how he was to provide for the charge of his niece daring him absence. But this was Bettled one day promptly by George telling the Colonel that, there bring no objection from him as her guardian, Nellie bad promised to be his wife. Tho Hnlnnpl tnlri the vnnnp man that, having saved tbe girl's life directly and her fortune indirectly, no one else could have so good a claim on ber ; and ae he, George, was a decent fellow, and there appeared to be nothing onsnitable in the match, he didn't know why Nellie's annt should not see ber niece married before leaving home. So the yonng people were married the day the Colonel and his wife sailed, that there might be only one parting. And the two women wept as only wo- men can wnen tnere is at once a weaaing and a long separation at hand ; and the two men shook bands distressingly often to keep themselves from — well, to keep themselves employed. X Uovd bLuUglll,' (SMll tLtt OoUaanl, by the way of good-bye and benison, ' that there conld be such a happy end- isg to my leave when I applied for it that Monday on nrgent private affairs.' THE end.) 