Deeming Doomed. THE trial of the most sensational criminal of the nineteenth century terminated at Melbourne yesterday, and there can be no doubt but that the public opinion, is that the jurymen have done their duty in finding DEEMING guilty. The prisoner and his counsel complained of the hostility of the public but there would be little hope for this or any other country in which suck a fiend could escape the pubic hatred. That just anger of the people was not aroused by any sensa- tional newspaper articles, but by following out the bare history of the life which the enterprise of Australian journals, with marvellous rapidity, sought out. We are not concerned as to DEEMING's career before he first arrived in Australia, but his Sydney record is that of a fraudulent insolvent and convicted thief. Return- ing to England under one of his numerous aliases he committed bigamy by marrying Miss MATHESON and was subsequently imprisoned for fraudently obtaining the jewellery, which he first presented, and then wrested from her, closing the incident by sending the dishonored girl home. Up to this time he had been content to steal, but tired of the burden of a family he determined to kill. Never was a more terrible plot to murder more fiendishly devised or more ac- curately carried out. With a caution which does not savour of insanity, the cement was purchased in Miss MATHER'S name, and in the night a wife and four children were slain. The most wonderful feature, in the case is the iron composure of the man, who coolly interred his five victims before leaving the house. The murder and the interment must have occu- pied hours; an experience through which but few strong men could come After such wholesale slaughter, the murder of a poor weak girl in a strange land would be but a trifle. His overweening confi- dence, however, and probably a desire to economise caused his downfall. Another half cask of cement and Miss Rounsfell would probably now be reposing under the cement floor, which, with his partiality for that material, DEEMING had laid down in his house at Southern Cross. There would have been a seventh victim added to the list of those already dis- covered, and DEEMING, under another alias, would have been looking for another wife, which despite his 40 years his jewellery could always pro- cure him, and another residence possessing a kitchen with the indispensable cement floor. It is not impossible that an insane man could commit the crimes which will render the name of DEEMING infamous for all time, but it is highly im- probable that having done so he would be sufficiently apprehensive of the punishment to seek to evade it by lying about his relatives and traduc- ing the memory of his dead mother, and murdered wife. Were he in- sane no one would cry out for his execution, but so outraged are the public hat almost irrefutable evi- dence on that point would be required to satisfy the general indignation. Were DEEMING to escape, every murderer on trial would simply have to relate realisti- cally how his mother or grandmother in transparent costume and illumina- ted by green lights appeared to him in the small hours, and cried for the blood of the person he particularly wished to dispose of. The lion's den story, which is an improve- ment on Scripture — for DANIEL never traded away the harmless lions — could also be told with pathos, and morbid females in the front seats could, as they did on Monday, weep for pity's sake. One great question would be solved by the release of such men as DEEMING the preponderance of the female population. " What to do with our girls" need never then be asked, for one husband would go round so often, and if the strain were too great on the female population, a society of ladies could be formed for the suppression of concrete floors, and the leading brands of cement could be brought under the Sales of Poisons Act. However, these speculations are idle; a hard-hearted jury, were not moved by Mr. DEAKIN'S eloquence, were not impressed by ghost stories and green lights, disbelieved the lion's den story, survived the pathos which so touched the fair occupants of the Court, and brought in the murderer guilty. A MEETING of the committee of the Towers Pastoral Agricultural and Mining Association was held at the office of the secre- tary, Mr A Mears, on Thursday. Present Messrs A. H. Pritchard (president), B. Toll, G. R. Ogg, E. H. T. Plant, J. Byrne, R. Kirkbride, and F. Pfeiffer. The Under- Secretary for Lands wrote, stating that pen- ding legislation a Crown grant for the show ground could not be issued. It was deter- mined to renew the application after the passing of the Mining on Private Property Bill. A letter was received from the same source, stating that Messrs F. Pfeiffer, A W. Wilson, E. H. T. Plant, J. Marsland, and A. H. Pritchard had been ap- pointed trustees of the society's reserve. A letter was received from Mr. J. N. Parkes, secretary of the kindred association at TownsvilLe, stating that it was not intended to hold a stock show this year. It was agreed that it would be inadvisable to hold a stock show in Charters Towers this year. Sufficient medals not having been obtained, it was decided to send for those required. The secretary was instructed to collect from the subscribing publicans their portion of the publicans' prize, given for high jumping. It was decided to hold a show in the School of Arts late in August or early in September, of minerals, druits, flowers, vegetables, indus- tries, fancy work, painting, etc. Messrs. A. H. Pritchard, G. E. Ogg and E. H. T. Plant were appointed a sub-committee to revise the prize schedule for the forthcoming exhibi- tion. Formal business concluded the meeting. A STORY which, if true, is (the Paris corre- spondent of the Daily Telegraph remarks) one of the most sensational on record, reaches Paris from the Spanish frontier. A farmer and his wife, living at Peraiada, near Figueras, had saved up £60 in order to hire a substitute to serve in the army for their son, who had been called upon to join the colours. The parents, accompanied by their boy, set out the other day for Gerona in order find the substitute, leaving their daughter Dolores to keep house in their absence. Meanwhile a local bad character, named Foulanou, who lived in the next house to the farmer, over- heard the latter and his wife as they were conversing about the object of their proposed visit to Grerona. He also heard through his eavesdropping operations the amount of money raised, and heard the farmer's wife locking it up in a wardrobe. When the coast was clear of everybody but Dolores, Foulanou — his face covered with a mask — entered his neighbour's house, closed the door of it carefully after him, and going to the kitchen there seized the girl, gagged her, and bound her to an iron post, which supported a beam. Standing over Dolores with a knife the robber made her point to the place where the £60 was secreted. As he was putting the money in his pocket the girl muttered some words of reproach ; whereupon Foulanou said that, as she recognised him despite his disguise, she must die. She could, however, choose die manner of her death; whereupon the girl said that she preferred hanging to being butchered with the robber's knife. The most sensational part of this story is its climax. Foulanou, in tying the rope which he in- tended for the maiden, got his neck hope- lessly entangled in it, and was accidentally strung up himself. Then there arrived on the scene, like a true hero of romance, the lover of Dolores, who was accompanied by a crowd of villagers and Foulanou's wife. The robber was released from his perilous posi- tion, restored to consciousness, and handed over to justice. The curtain fell as Dolores was lifted from the ground by her deliverer, while the robber's wife went off into a fit of hysterics. 