Concert at the Moshanics. A, oranb minstrel entertainment was (ij»en on Saturday ni^lit Uat at the Mechanics' Hull l»v the incmhors «'f the North Melbourne Crickol Club, i" ail «'f the fund* of t!io local dub. Ti.m vmiti-n ssem-d to plenso evrrybody, nnd many will look forward with pleasure to their returning on a futu™ rUte. Thu huiiju was fairly w.ll filled. Th* oveiimi!.. amusement opened with an nvcrturb for piano, played in good stylo by Mr. Alex andrr, the him. pianist to the tiiitur*. Th« neit item wa« a liailad, "My hett i friend was mother," mnc very fiirly liy Mr. ! H. T.Nairn, whoalaoacted ai inu-rl»cut"r I in a iiiaiiiuT which showed lint he hd j hud pr.icticn at the tiuami'ta before. Mr. C. Gourlay urn« next with a comic mng, " Hi, tiddly. lii-ti,' 1 which caused a fjir amount of lighter. A ballul fvll"Wi'd, ••Juit within the harbour Inr," bunj l>y Mr. E. Armstrong, who is tl.u pnti'-sior .if a very eood luin.r voice, Jlr. A. J. Woodbam sung a comic sung, •• They're ifler me," and rw duubt they will Lo after him when he visits Camperdown a»*in. Mr. (i. W. Y-xin- sing that favouritn ballal, "Oily to see tin dear old place ai»ii>,'' which ciustd nnny of thu audience to rcmrm'.p' the old homes where they spent their younger days. "Giilooloy'» Suj/per Party," was g-ven by Mr. Marshall, and caused a isood amount of fun. A senti mental book, by Mr. H. Lording, came nut, entitled "Thu Vacant Chair." It was well sting, thu chorus part beinc taken hv a quirii'tto nf voice*, and was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience. A luuiic uuiir, riititlcd "Iv our back yard last night," wan sum; by Mr. P. Costello, «nd cautod mars of hughttr. A well kuown' ballad came next ctlled, " Come where my Love lies Dreaming," sung by Mr. C. Armstrong, and was it treat, the chorus part being well sunn by the quartet mentioned before. '■The Ghost," w the end of the first part. Wo looked in vain for the ghu>t, but couldn't ccc it. Perhaps th» tu'lieocc could euliehten a« on this portion of the t-ntertaioment. The secjud part of the concert commenced with a selection on tho pi«no, by Mr. Alexander. Then the good old ballad, " Tho Friar of Orders Ijray," wu well sung by Mr. U. Lordiiig. Exception, however, may be taken to tbe ttrnipo, which wu rather low. A comic ■one came uext, sung by Mr. C. Gourlay, "They.vo all got^em". Thii song wai not ao pleasing as the other selection by tho sainorentleman. A song in character, •' The Camperdown Bjbby". hy Mr. Nairn, fully explained iho advantages of ■u-cminu a member of the''F»>rc»," »oil •as well received. Th>- noxt item was s line piece of part aiogini:, the number boin^ a quartet, " Aca'.ha" sunn by Messrs. Arinatronu. Alexinder, Larding, and Young. The voices blended well together except in one part the alto seemed a little oat of tune, but still tho piece was received with favour. The accompani ment to this pieco wu well played by Mr. Mann, of thU town. Mr. C. Armstrong then sang "My sweethesrt when a boy." This w«s undoubtedly the gen) of tbe evening, it being mini; in an artistic aud feeline manner. " The U'ikl Man from Bonieij" was rather acted than sung by Mr. P. Coatello, and caused roars aud screams of laughter, this gentleman evidently retelling in fan. A duet, one well known, " Lsrboinl Witch. 1 was the next item, the exponent) being Messrs. Lording and Young, and it was ren dered in a pleasing manner. A lung, selected, "The school at the end of the street," by Mr. Mirshsll, brought the vocal portion of the entertain inent to an end. While every praise mu-t be given to the performers, the «udienea should not insist opon ao many encores. In some cases double encores were insisted upon, but tbe management indicted ' a slight rebuke ta the audience for this. Tbe stags *a« prepared for the force, "The Travelling ArtiiU." ThU w»s entrusted to Messrs Nairn, Costello, and Gourlay. These gentleman brought a very ynod «r*ning's amusement to an end. During tho welling Mr. J. Thornton apoke a few wuids concerning the visitors, which was ably responded to by the secrvUry of the North Melbourne Cricket Club. He mentioned that they would bo very happy to visit Campcrdowu again on some future occasion, aud siid tint had it nut been for thoir having such a splendid bowler with them, the result of the cricket match might have been different. We may add that we heartily wish tho members of the North Melbourne Cricket Club every succoss, ami may they visit us again at no disUut date. 