Bar Parlour Heeltaps. [Br Freelunoheb.] In the room behind the bar, Where people most do congregate, Ton get the gossip, near or far, Of matters past, and np.to date. ' The windy affairs of men ' Else like a cloud of dust, ?' And are as quickly laid a«ain.' THE 8N0B0CRACT. In spite of our assumption of plain, common sense, and alleged contempt for the mere pomps and vanities of this wicked world, apart from the aristocracy of brains, the learen of snobbery lies within us. It was noticeable that quite a number of people at Sir John and Lady Bray's garden party ostentatiously wore mourning for the late lamented Collars and Cuffs. Otrtainly these people were related to the Heir-presumptive to the British Throne through Adam Gardener, Esq. of Edan, deceased, bat the connection is so remote that I am sure Her Gracious would not have felt hurt if the Slopkinses, the great family of Jones, and the Flapdoodles had not shown such over whelming tgrief. As members of the great human family we feel deep sympathy for the Royal House that has lost its eldest hope, for the bereaved parents the same as we would sympathise with the members of any household over which the shadow of death had been cast, but the snobbery of parading a woe with crape at a festive gathering is enough to make the ghost of old Makepeace Thackeray sit up and snort. One can under stand an ultra Loyal Premier requesting the members of the Civil Service to express their inconsolable grief in crape, but for obscure civilians to asaume a sorrow when they have it not is simply snobbery. Of all the snobs, a female snob is the worst ; you can take your revenge oat of a male shoo, but politeness prevents your showing your mind to a woman taken that way. As a harmless young fellow out off in his youth, and on the eve of his marriage, the fate of the poor Duke of Clarence and Avondale is a sad one and evokes sympathy, bnt at the same time the British Nation have been saved the prospeot of paying many thousands a year for an unproductive article, and the still more important risk of having a King Log to rule over them. These are unpleasant reflections, but they stand out square, and therefore the Free touchers rise up to remark that it b not true is the papers stated that 'the whole country iras overwhelmed with grief at the Hews. The country, however, does offer its Bincere sympathy to £a Gracious grandmother, to sorrowing parents, a prospective bride, in their Iosb as such. THE ETERNAL FSBDmG. It is a queston whether the public here banker so much after a full feed at ten and sixpence or a guinea a head in the delusive attempt to do honor to a great man as it was once their wont. The ahindykit seek ing to sell Bhares, I mean tickets, in the great Bray banquet, it is said very nearly found the scheme a fizzle. It did not boom, and the Freelunchers imagine not because Sir John Bray is unpopular, but for the reason that ? people are getting sick of this imported British custom of guzzling and gorging to the verge of dyspepsia in order to show how muoh they love the man they are incurring a stomaoh-ache for. Wby, even the ' testimonial and puree of sovereigns' farce has more meaning in it. ' It's all very well to dissemble your love, but why did yo kick me downstairs' might be paraphrased to fit this social absurdity. I like Johnny Bray, who is a clever, genial, hard working hearty gentleman, cousseous and kind, but I draw the line at dyspepsia. Therefore the Freelunohers have resolved to go to their favorite pub at eleven o'clock on the day of the banquet, drink his health in Heeltaps, and after a liberal free lunoheon they will all shout for themselves aad wish him long life and happiness. 2IHBI, J. Z. Sellar means well, but Zirari is wont to show his feelings in a funny manner. He dresses in hot weather in something like a long white nightgown, and bears not a very remote resemblanoe to a white William goat of more than ordinary intelligence and experience. When he unfolds his eiz feet of too too solid flesh he shuts oat the light from behind him, and bis shadow Ib projected over his audience until they are steeped in gloom which accounts for the somnolent expression of their faces. Zimri is harmless with bia battery of platitudes, and he would not hurt a fly. His ideas are^moreorless good, but he has a stodgey way of Betting them, which the Froelunchers are inclined to believe spoils the artistio effect, and knocks the stuffing out of the ' toot ongsembull' as he calls it. J. Zimri would be an acquisition to the Gawler Corporation as . a counter blast to Burden, whose fiery eloquence is seriously damaging the plaster on the walla of the Counoil Chamber. Zimri speakes in a slow measured tone, and when he rises to speak he emerges from his ?bair like .one of those elderly seals in the Zoo, deliberately, and with a preliminary blow off of condensed air from his nose. ' He is as fond of nomineeism, capitalism, absenteeism, and monopolism, with the ex* ception of egotism, as the parsons are of buttons in the collection plate. THANKS THUNDERER, The London Time* has been very patronis ing to South Australian soientiste lately, which it is worry kind of the Thunderer, werry. By and by if the Times goes on patting South Australian savants|on the back like that^there will be no holding them, and they will be wanting a rise in their wages. what's the odds. 'Where ignorance is bliss 'tis Jf oily to be wise.' The death of the Duke of Clarence and Avondale has started a lot of igaorami (another word for Bartlett) into speculating as to who would be heir to the throne in case Tummy and his son George gave up the crown here for one above. One wiseacre declared that the Shook of Edinburgh would succeed as the crowned effigy to the British Nation, another that the Princess of Wales would be Queen, and yet a third, that the Duke of Cambridge ? Heavens J They are all wrong. It would be the Chief Adulator Lieutenant Governor Way. ELECTION SQUIBS. Quiz publishes an old time election squib. I can give him another. 'When W. C. Buik was putting up— I think that, is the correct phrase— for the Mayoralty of Adelaide, he was a great advocate for surface drainage, and the following printed slip was industri ously circulated. — ' Why is it Bulk deep drainage opposes, And stirs up the stinks to regale his friends noses The reason's apparent as plain aa can be. Why Bulk's initials are W. C. I can't see any meaning in it, can you . THU WAT OS IT. According to Bird of Freedom ' the credit able sum of |£1,424 was subscribed it in Adelaide for the widow and - children of Harry TothilL the veteran trainer,' Free lunohers think that allright, but they re member that when Davte Bews died— a man who did work of more lasting good to the community than training horses to win money fer the gambling fraternity— the amount raised to honor his memory was under £300. If Davie had been a noted bruiser, a crack oarsman, a terror at football, or an abnormal billiard player the case would have been different. There's mighty little excitement over the proposal to erect a monument to Colonel Light, who was a bettor man than all the jockies, trainers, prize fighters, and sportsmen collected within the four corners of the Globe-^bur corners of the Olobe is my own patent — since the world began. If Colomel Light had been able to bash a man's face into palp, break the record of runs on the cricket field, or cannon off a hat on the billiard table, he would have had in the hollow sphere where the 'general public' Btores away what he oalls his brains. Better 'tits to be a dead pugilist, or defunct footballer, than a living philosopher. The newspapers nowadays re cord the death of a literary or political notability in fair set terms, but we bear less of the living Gladstone! than we| do of the living Grace, and more fuss is made about the failure of Giffen than the famine in Russia, or the earthquake in Japan. A king dies and the event is cabled out and noticed in less space than would be given to one inning! of a Grace or Giffen, or a career of a Tothtll. A prize fight at Mac's draws a crushing crowd at 10s. a head, when an exhibition of pictures by the best artists, including Don*, cannot command a dozen visitors a day at a shilling, and yet we call ourselves enlightened— about [as enlightened as the hen who sits on a china egg till farther orders! A. SICH1C I HOORAY I The Gawler Corporation had a picnic on Wednesday but i wasn't in it— I was so distressed and worried over the death of the Duke of Avenoe and Clarendale. Anyhow it was not like tbe Marine Board picnics, it was not marked by beer bottles all the way. They- visited the Mayor of Adelaide and sampled his whisky, likewise his courtesy, which was equally Al. They visited the sewage farm and did not use their handker chiefs more than necessary ; and they went to see Booker at the Fire Brigade Station. Booker told them how they could put their fireB ont without wasting soda water ; aad he also showed them how to cool their coppers with soda and whisky, or brandy if they preferred it. But, joking apart, Free luncher recognises the common sense principle of country corporations visiting the city. It is a good thing all round ; it brings the practical members of the up-country municipalities in contact with the eity Fathers and enables them to exchange ideas ; it gives the Mayor aad Corporation an out iog, which they very well deserve, and it strengthens that silken bond which unites, etcetera. I haven't ink enough to finish the quotation. The Gawler Corporation have done wisely in visiting the city Fathers and I hope that other Corporations will do like wise ? but not too often. (I only wish I had been there, I missed that heeltap any* way. HOT FO* JOSEPH, The Mayor of Gawler has reported that the roads and footpaths within the muni cipality are in satisfactory condition. So they are, but if Mr. Cox rode a bicycle just a little way out of Gawler he would look up the dictionary for suitable swear words in which to express his opinion. The road from Gawler to Adelaide is as disgraoeful as the Port and Bay roads, whioh is saying a deuoe of a lot. Now I look to] the Gawler Corporation, especially as'they travelled over that road in the drag (I hope the typo won't set that up as dray) to get their backs up. Ring the bell for Burden I A TBAVELLER-OH ! YES. ' Councillor Burden—' What is the desire of Your Worship and the Councillors with regard to the Sunday Closing Act? Is it a fair thing that these gentlemen who pay rates and taxes up to the amount they do, independently of the license fee, should be debarred only to sell six days in the week?' Tbe Matob — - The Parliament have settled that matter. We cannot interfere.' (Hear, hear.) Councillor Burden proceeded to argue the matter, but was stopped by His Worship.' Now tke Freelunohers axe not sorry that tbe Mayor put a stopper on Burden's jaw tackle, as the sailors say. The Freelunohers are keeping an eye on Burden and look to him to do them a good turn. They say ' he ought to know.' He is evidently on the right traok, and, although he may iuour odium for waking up the Gawler Corporation by his|fl6t-footed way'of putting things, by and by — in the sweet by and by — he will be recognised as a very «s*fol iconoclast. He has set himself to break down the idols of Fatheadednem, Indolence, and Goasyou please. I wish X knew Burden personally, I would shout a full glass, |not a heeltap, at his expense. THE BIBB PRIGADE. It is preposterous that the Gawler Cor poration should want the Fire Brigade to turn oat before they had the permission of the Board. What on earth are they think ing about ! Now supposing a fire broke, out in the Institute, would there not be time to ?end a written request to the Chairman of the Board for leave to]rustle out the Brigade, and supposing he was away, we will say at the ' Old Spot,' playing uohre, wouldn't there bs time to. let. him finish his game without bustling him,? The idea of a country Corporation wajrting the fire brigade on the spot at once when an alarm of fire has been given! Why, it is opposed to all British Institutions— no wonder the Duke of Clar endale and Avonoe died. 