CUR LONDON LETTER. FltOJI Oun ColUlESrONDENT.J LONDON, 12th August. JSxnotly at midnight yesterday tho prolonged obsequies of tho Salisbury Govorninont woro brought to an ond amidst a noisy nnd uncdifying scono, Mr. Gladstone's " lame patriots " break- ing into tho division lobby yolling triumphantly " Down with coorolon " nnd '.' Remember Mitohollstown." Mr. Akors Douglas was back first, showing that tho Ministerialists, for whom ho was tolling, wero in tho minority; But tho whips on tho other sido seemed to tarry a pro digious timo. Whilst thoy wero being looked for tho throng at tho bar parted, and Mr. Gladatone, bright and cheery, as though he had not sat through nn eight hours' debate, walked with buoyant step up the House to his place. Instantly tho Opposi tion sprang to their feet, loudly cheering and waving their hats. This was rcnowod again and again when Mr. Mnjoribanks arrived bringing the nows from tho " Aye" lobby, and the paper was handed to Mr. Arnold Morloy in token that the Opposition were in a majority. Three handrod and fifty, it was made known, voted for tho amendment and 310 against it. Thus by a majority of just 40 in tho largost Houso ever ohronioled the Government wero defeated. But I must now relate tho events of the past week in their proper ordor, commencing with Friday night last. Tho monotonous operation of swoaring in the mcmborB of the new Parlia ments was relieved on Friday last by the antics of tho successful Labor oandidato for South-wost Ham, Mr. J. Koir Hardio. This momber drovo to the House in a four-horso drag, accompanied by a gang of noisy supporters. He was got up exaally liko tho conventional English workmnn of Adelphi melodrama, woaring a flannel shirt without a eollar, ohecked twoed trousors, a hluo sorgo eoat, nnd a navvy's cap. The polioo naturally took tho now member for a workman ongngod about tho House. This was precisely what Mr. Hardio desired, and when tho constable guarding tho lobby told him stoutly he couldn't pass along, tho now member's enjoyment overflowed. " Can't pass along, can't I ?" ho ohuekicd, " why, I rather think that's why the oleotors of South- west Ham sent mo hero," and he shufllcd on, leaving the police officer gaping with surprise. Finally Mr. Keir Hardio orownod his misdeeds by walking up the floor of tiio House with out removing his little cloth cap. The passage being orowdod witli now members taking tho oath, tho Speaker did not sea tho perpetuation of this outrage till he nppronchod close to tile clerk's table. Mr. Pool then cried " Order, ordor," in shocked tones, nnd members by common oonsent turned their gn/.o upon the quccrly dressed phenomenon. For a moment Sir. Keir Hnrdie affected not to understand tho naturo of his offence. Loud whispers, however, speedily enlightened him, and with n contemptuous "Pish "tho represen tative of Labor slowly removed the obnoxious bend gear. When ho arrived at tho table Mr. Hardie objected to take the oath English fnshion, pro posing to do it in the Scotoh way — that is, witli right hand raised and without kissing tho book. Mr. Milmnn, however, pointing out that the Speaker's assent would be ncecssary lie gave way. Here cnmc another littlo scone, for tho huge hand of the mombor for South-west Ham en- donvored to tnko possession of n testament on whioh tho distingui looking Colonel Howard Vincent had already placed his iinnd. Thero was somo tugging, but though Mr. Hardio possessed great strength Colonel Vincont proved tho moro dexterous of the pair, and with a nent twist wrenohed nwny the disputed volume, he then proceeded to swear, possibly with added fervor. John Burns I need scarcely say is too strong and level headed a man to oommcnao his Parliamentary career with any tomfoolery sueh nB tho above. Save that he prefcra a " bowler" to tho more conventional tall hat, "Honest Johu " drosses liko ordinary folk, and slipped in to take the oath without attracting spcoial attention. Dadabhai Naoroji brought a Parsec testament to Bwcnr himself in on, but the olork objecting thereto he chcorfully kissed our more orthodox volume. . Mr. Duncan Barton, who at 4 o'olookon Mon day last roso to movo the nddross in a densely orowded House, is an Irish Q.C., and wore what tho Times grandly calls ' the dress of the Queen's counsel of tho Hibernian bar without the robes." This; in plainer language, consisted of a black cutaway eont and a white tie, suoli as " dressy " bnrristers assumo, with their robes. The effect was pcouliar. Mr. Barton rend a long, and 011 the wholo fooblc, spocoh, in which he called upon Mr. Gladstone to formulato the measure which he proposed to substituto for tho peaceful and successful Irish polioy of the present Government. Mr. W K. Gross, in court dress, seconded the address and was far more entertaining. He is a son of Lord Cross, but not tho least liko that dry, proci3o and withered vctoran. Almost at onco this young man caught tho ear of his ntulieneo, and mado thorn laugh by dismally referring to the fato which had over taken previous movers and seconders of tho address in reocnt years. Mr. Milvain, Mr. Hormon Hodge, Lord Ornnborne, Mr. Forrest Fulton and Sir John Colomb had all, tho Houso would noto, lost their seats. Ho trusted tho coincidence might not bo an omen for klmsolf and his honorable friend. Mr. Gross then pro ceeded to dilnte on tho good work nohioved by the dying Government. The electors, ho admitted, had voted for a change, but thoy had not shown any enthusiasm in tho matter. ' The Government was prepared to meet the verdiot andaccopt it cheorfuUy, but they olnimcd a record that thoy could look baek upon with prido. There were oooasions when the vanquished pnrties wero more pleased than the viotors; nnd if be wore asked to wrlto an opitaph oh tho prosont Government ho would shy that thoy had por: formed what they bad promised, and had not promised what thoy knew they could not per form.' Mr. Asquitli next rose,and'inade the speooh'of tho cvoning— logical, iuoiuivo and epigrammatic. In moving the "no confidence " nmondmcnt, he said they wero in tho address asked to return thanks for a perfectly oinpty tnblo, hut tho real business for whioh thoy wore assembled was to tako part in tho obsoquios of a dead majority. He doolinod to nocept Mr. Barton's ingonuous invitation to discuss mattsrs whioh had no moro to do with the quostion whether tho Government had forfeited the confi dence of tho country than tho specula tions of astronomers with regard to tho composition of Mars. Anont tho Liberal Unionists, Mr. Asquitli spoke almost savagely. He referred to tho relianoo the Government could plaoo upon "a pervortod fidelity, whioh was rare oven in tho annals of political apos- taoy," and prophesied tho ultimate cxtinotion of a party whose numbers had dwindled from 94 to 47. Tho Tory party had, ho said, for the past six years bocn engaged in abandoning great historical traditions, and had gone in for a system of fiddling and huckstering in what they called progressive logidation in order to keep step with n small band of deserters from the Liberal camp— an ephemeral and acoidcntal combination, whioh was born tho day before yesterday, and whieh would bo forgotten the day after to-morrow. Aftor Mr. Goschcn had good humorodly justi fied tho aotion of the Government in not resign ing directly there was a minority against them, Mr. J usEin M' Oarthy for the anti-Paruelites, and Mr. Jno. Rodmond for the Parnelites, called upon Sir. Gladstone to givo definite guarantees with regard to the future. Mr. M'Oarthy ex pressed his party's demands imploringly, whilst Mr. Redmond was ooldiy polite, but there seomcd no essential differences in their rosneotive plat forms. A free and full Home Rule Bill which would satisfy tho Irish people, and piodges that it should occupy the foreground of tho Liberal programme and not bo dropped if thrown out by tho House of. iLords, wero Mr. M'Carthy's ohicf requirements, the repeal of tho Cocroion Aot being taken, ns he re marked, for granted. Sir. Redmond also exacted. the release of the "political prisoners," othenviso "dynamitards," and tho immediate reinstatement of the evicted tenants. Tho latter act of reparation onght, the honorable member urged, to be oarriod ont at once daring tho pro sont session so . as to savo hundreds of poor families from tho miseries of another wintor liko last, On Tuesday the tamcncss of the ilobato was partially relieved by spocahes from Mr. Glad stone and Mr. Balfour. Tho formor was in cxcollent form, nnd his assault on the Minis terial position was dolivorcd with a fire and vigor astonishing in a man of his ago, nnd with, as tho. Times remarks, "that vast command of a kind of language grave and mnjestia, but of vaguo and uncertain import," whioh Macaulay noted as the most striking feature in his style more than half a century ago. He began by reproaching the Government with hanging on to offioc contrary to tho " manly pre cedent" sot by Mr.Di8rncliin 1868, and followed at succeeding general elections up to 1886. The debate was ostensibly arranged with tho objcot of supplying opportunity for dofending tho con duct of tho Government whilst in office, but tho Chancollor of . , the Exchequer entirely skipped over . the gronuds of tho vote of no confidence, and devoted tho grcator portion of iiis speech to a denunciation of tho coming Government "a nebulous hypothesis," whose certainty to go wrong was solely alleged by him as the reason for keeping the present Govern ment in office. After denying that Mr. Balfour had been successful in governing Ireland, and stntlng that the country hnd bcon in a : state of poaco since 1884, Mr. Gladatone endeavored to skilfully placate his Hibernian allies. Supplemented by the irresistible ohorm of tho old Parliamentary hand's gonerous mannor and sumptuous language his promises and conoessions ..sounded splendidly . " fine and large." . Analysed, liowevor, they oome to very little. Mr. Gladstone skilfully deolined to discuss that "nebulous hypothesis," tho polioy of a non-existent Government, but nssured Mr. M'Oarthy the rest of iiis public life was bound up with Home Rule. The measure should bo pushed forward promptly, and not abandoned in case of any mishap. If the Lords rojaoted it, let the Lords look to— themselves.- The Coercion Act ought not to remain on tho statute hook a moment longor than was necessitated by Parliamentary pro cedure. As to the amnesty to political pri soners, it would bo impossible for : any ono, save the Minister who had the facts of tho casos im mediately before him, to como to aiiy. decision. It would be the .duty of the Secretary of State in ordinary course to roviow long sentences, and he did not doubt that duty would bo fulfilled. As to tho ovicted tenants he hoped' "some' arrangement would be made during the coining autumn, which would preclude the necessity . for speoial legislation on tho subject. And so 011— nny amount of vaguo indefiuito talk of probabilities and possibilities but no clenr.pledgei . ) , Mr. Baifour,rfollowed.with a lucid statement of tho onormous difficulties of reconciling tho Irish demands with English notions of supromaoy. He drew a vivid piotnre of the future of tho incoming Government. Ministers were the beaten party, bat they looked forward with hope and confidence, knowing the future was with thorn. "For you, tho viotorious parly," Mr. Balfour said, stretching out his hand towards the massive and. smiling form of Sir Win. Haroourt, " tkb future holds nothing but perplexity. and dismay." , L Last night as on the historio occasion wh'on Mr. Gladstono introduced his Home Riilo Bill chairs blocked the floor of: the House to accom modate thie unparalleled crush, of .memborsj aud tiio spacious gallerios overflowed', with-, princes, peers and diplomatists.. Froci.-ioly. at 5 minutes", past' 4, 'Mr. Chamberlain in a ... oool white ".'waistcoat, and wearing the inovltnlilo breliid, yvhieh signifies that lis is in prime figbtingconilition, rose to eontiiiuo tho debate. .His speeohwas not one. of tho host he has dolivorcd in'.tbo House, but suffioiently.effoolive. He made ' a' ' palpable hit by pointing out. that though Mr. Gladstono dcolinod to answer "tiio" Liberal Unionists' "ques- tions on. constitutional grounds, ho had nevertheless replied in writing to five questions put by Mr. Justin M'Carthy- This lis supposed was part payment for tho votes whioh were to put the Gladstonians into power that ovening. Mr. Chamberlain went on to ask what was tho foreign polioy of tho Government which would havo uncontrolled xunver over the destinies of tho Einpiro for tho next six months. The front Opposition bench daren't answor booansc, as everybody know, they differed amongst .themselves. How, ho nskcti (witli palpable double meaning whioh was riohly rcliahod) did Mr. Gladstone propose to rooonoilo tho interests of tho Cabinet with the interest of truth Truth)1 Finally tho lion, member denied tho possibility of Mr. Gladstone's introducing a bill whioh would satisfy either Mr. Redmond on Mr. M'Carthy, nnd prodioted that within a few hours of the introduction of tho measure the Tories would bo in a majority again. - From tho timo Mr. Chamberlnin sat down tho debato flagged wearily, nnd till midnight the perspiring public in tho gslleries lis tened indifferently and tho Liberals In the House impatiently to a number of minor Conservatives, to Sir Henry Jaincs nnd finally to Mr. Chaplin. Many attempts were mado to " draw" Sir William Haroourt and Mr. Morley but the Liberal " conspiracy of silence" was stoutly maintained, nnd at tho last the Tories grow as anxious ns tlioir opponents to get the division over. Mr. Chaplin spoke amidst eonstant interruptions, a piping trcblo voice from tile Irish benches keeping up a yrcrpctual oroak of " Divide, divide." But tho membor for Mid- Lincoln continued his flow of "ohnplitudes" undismayed. Even when Dr. Tanner, amidst roars of laughter, was observed walking up the floor of the House with a gloss of water which ho placed ostentatiously by the orator's side, tho lion, member scarcely paused. Twelve o'clock, however, at last arrived, witli tho first stroke Mr. Chaplin sank to his scat, and a schoolboy shout from the Minis terialists aud wild " hurroo " from tho Irish benches proclaimed the division hour. Ton minutes later tho Salisbury Government had fallen, and Mr. Balfour, in matter of faet tones, was qaictiy moving tho adjournment of the House to Thursday next. After an interval of nearly 10 years, tho sculptor's "ghost," which played such a pro minent part in tho cause eilibrc of Belt versus Lawes, has commenced to walk again. Tho individual accused of unduly profiting by '! ghostly " assistanco on tho present occasion is understood to bo Mr. Adrian Jones, whoso magnifioent group of Duncan's horses (Macbeth, aot 2, scene 4) formed the centre piece of the sculpture room at the recent exhi bition of the Royal Academy of Arts. It re presented those horses almost life size, fighting and gnawing each other, and was universally admired and pronounced a very fine piece of work. Tho first inharmonious note enrao from Mr. Spielmnn, tho editor or the Magazine of Art, who is our lending metro politan art critio, and popularly supposed.to be incapable of petty jealousy or. malicious gossip. Without mentioning namos, he remarked in his July issue that tho sculptor's ghost was walking again, as nny exports who examined a certain group in tho Royal Academy would at once agree. Mr. Jones happened to be abroad when this and moro dofinito tumors' keoame ourrcnt, but on hearing of thom ho at once returned and tried to trace their source. Tho editor of the Magazine of Art, Mr. Jones discovered, was not the originator of tho ghost theory as regarded himself, and whether ho believod it or not, had no notion of risking £5000 damagos. Ho admitted, however, that his information came from a highly influential soiiroe. Mr. Janes thereupon invited president and council of the Royal Academy to formulate a definite charge, pledging himself promptly to bring an action for libel. No reply has been received, or in ail probability will bo recoivod, to this ohalienge. Sir Frederick Loighton, intciviewcd on tiie subject, intimated that it was in the highest degree unlikely the Royal Acadomy would intervene. If a group of seulpture wore good thoy would admit it, even though three hands might seom to liavo been at work thereon. Sir Frederick added tho assertion he made at the Belt trial, viz., that an expert conld easily detect when a sculptor hail received illegitimate assistance. Mr. Jones is in a most unfortunate position, ns with tho re sult of the Belt case within reoollection even those who firmly buliovo him to be iu the wrong dare not say so. Mr. Lawes, you doubtless remombor, accused Mr. Belt of receiving valuable aid from nu assistant, in alleging indeed that tho best part the work in all Mr. Bolt's sculptures was his "ghost's." Mr. Bolt retorted with an aotion far libel, in tiio course of whioh he exoeuted a bust of tho judga (Sir Jno.. Huddleston) in court. This was considered a capital likeness by the jury, who, after tho judgo had summed up strongly in the plaintiff's favor, awarded Riohard Belt £5000 damagos. Mr. Lawes nevertheless stuok to his guns, avctriug that lie had novcr said Mr. Belt could , not oxeouto an indifferent bust. What ho did say was that the artistie touohoB whioh gave suoh value as thay possessed to Bolt's sculptures woro his assistant's work. Twolvo months later Mr. Richard Belt was Bhown to bo a person with a hazy approbation of the difference between mcitm anil tuum. He retired into durance vile for a protracted period, and haB not since boon beard of. 