THE CULT 0/ 'l'i tli ,.H0STLY. (REVIKW or nr.viF.ws '; The uiKinitnons vc:dict of ail t!iow> who have rcsd " MOJO GhoM Storus" is tbat.it represents an immense advai-ne upon " Ileal Ghuat Stories." More Ghost Stones " has had the extraordinary pood forluna to plc.^Ee the most diveise classes of readers. A. Catholic priest came down tn tho office the other day to say that he had read overy word of our yew Year\» number, and was immensely Jelighted to Rnd that, cluu)in;r the subject from an entirely independent standpoint, I had arrived at exactly tbo same conclusions as the Catholic Church. If you had studied for the priesthood yon could not have stated more precisely the views of Borne." On the other hand, the Theosophists, whose faith is declared in the Month to be of a devil, are equally pleased with the conclusions at which I have arrived, although Mrs. Besant somewhat regrets a passage in the " Plea for the Tar Barrel." Still, more strange ti sav, the Spiritualists, judging from their Interesting weekly organ Light, concur almost entirely with the warnings that I have thought it necess&ry; to otter as to the danger of reckless and indis- criminate experimentalising. The comments of the Pre.-s have been almost without exception complimentary, it being the declared opinion of oar critics that, for thrilling interest and snggestiveness, " More Ghost Stories," is unrivalled. The interest which the subject has excited may be said literally to extend all over the earth. From the uttermost parts of the world, I receive letters from correspondents who have had mors or less mysterious experiences which they desire to elucidate by the aid of the latest researchers in occult things. I have also had some curious experiences of my own which demand further investigation. If the conclusions to which the phenomena pointhre substantiated, we are in a fair way of establishing, on an incontrovertible basis, as a scientific and ascertained fact, the existence of intelligences other than those which are encased in the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyance and of the reality of the Doable accumulates, and I have alresdy in hand the compilation of yet a third ghostly publication to be issued at midsummer, under the title of " Ghosts np to Date." To many, ghosts at aiidsnmmer will no doubt seem an anachronism, bnt that is e-mpljf'because the ordinary person's ideas of a ghost ate conventional and falsa^Ghosts, if they exist at all, are just as rife -at midenmmer as at midwinter, and as we shall have more time to prepare " Ghosts up to Date" than we had either for " Heal Ghost Stories " or " More Ghost Stories," I hope that we shall be able, in our third publication, to satisfy even the most inoredulons that we have not been for the last few months on a wild goose chase after chimeras. - Itr is no use putting your hand to.-such a thing as this and then irawing back. We have got to pat the łhing through, and I renew my invitation to all those persons wbo have had experiences of the Double, or of clairvoyance, or of ghosts, properly so called, to communicate with me. Ihave now two invitations to spend a holiday in haunted houses, but what with the County Council election, and thi imminent approach of the General election, I am afraid the ghosts will have to wait a bit. Others who have more leisure will, I hope, furnish me with the information which is necessary. What is wanted is to have evideaoe. that -will sa'isfy. say, Mr. Kay Lankester and Mr. Maskelyne as to the reality of the phenomena in question. The North German Lloyd's fleet now numbers 79 vessels, with a tonage of 202,118, and the Canard has 30 vessels, of Stt.402 tons. Of the North German Lloyd's fleet, 52.431 tons are now devoted to the Australian trade. These ships made 13 round voyages in 1S91, and, in view of the fact that this service has beeu in operation for only three or four years, the growth of the line is even more remarkable, in comparison with tbe recognised English and French lines to Australia,'than is that ofthe Atlantic competition. The Orient Line tonnage of 140,763 made 2G voyages to Australia in 1B91 ; the Peninsular and Oriental, with a tonnage of 13S,402, also made 26 voyages; and the Messaseries Maritimes, with a tonnage of 63,741, made 12 voyages. 