MBNIC1PAL CONFERENCE. THU&6DAT, MAZOH Si. The seventh conferet ce of the Municipal ' Councils of Hobart and Launceston was held at the Town Hall, at 10 a.m., whtn there were present — Bis Worship the iTayor of Launceston (Alderman 6. J Button, 1LH.A ). chairman; 'His Worship the Mayor of Hobart (Alderman T. A. Beynolds), and Alder men W. Finitb, J, Watchorn. J. Baily, G. 6. ijroucoi J- Yr . tionnson, ana u. maaiestone, ox , Hobart,* and Aldermen P. Barrett, Ad ye I Douglas, H. Edgell, B. H. Price, D. icott, W. I Thrower, H. J. Dean, of Launceston. Mr W, H, Smith, town clerk, Hobart ; and Mr O. W. Rochor, town clerk, Launceston ; were alto preeent. The Mayor of Hobart apologised for the absence of Alderman Da vies. The chairman returned thanks for being elected chairman of the conference for the second time. Tbat was tbe seventh of the conferences that had been held alternately &t; the two elties, and although their labors had sot borne much fruit the harvest was at band. Belative to tbe Private Streets Bill be was happy to say the Attorney-General bad drafted it, and when it was completed op!e9 would be sent frr the consideration of both Councils, when they could make such suggestions as might be suitable to tbe in dividual corporations. The various proposi tions to be submitted to the conference were before them, and the majority had been j adopted at the last conference. One of the most important of the new clauses was that af&rming; tbe desirableness of the Launceston Municipality returning officers and rate collectors having power to stamp ballot papers or demands, This be desired to say was merely an extension of the power alruidy granted. It was then decided to deal seriatim with the propositions agreed to at the former con ferences aa follow : — AC4JUIB1NG UNCLAIMED PBOPBBTT. ' Toat legal power be obtained enabling Corporations to acquire unclaimed property and property not in the possession of its legal owner, for improving and leasing pur poses, and providing ttat, if the samo be re claimed, the owner pay the value of all im provements with interest on tbe money expended, less the amou&t; received for rent, and that Corporations be empowejod to treat with such ownc-r for acquiring his interest in such property.' Passed. FBI V ATE 8TSEBT6. 'That steps bs taken to obtain aa Aot of Parliament giving the Corp oration 6 of Hobart and Launceston power to borrow money to be expended in the construction of private streets, and authorising the Councils to recover tbe amount expended on any street from the owners of the lands abutting thereon by levying a private Improvement rate, ygfryiding over a specified number of years.' Passed after a little disou'slon. THE FIBB BRIGADES AOT. 'That the Government be asked to con sider the advisability of amending the Fire Brigades Act as regards monetary contribu tions made by the Municipal Council's of Hobart and Launoeston.' Alderman Crouch sn*d it was a qnrstion of having the rates of insurance increased if the brigades were not subsidised. Alderman Barrett moved that th:s proposi tion be struck out, as tbe contributions to the brigades were very reasonable. Alderman Edgell seconded tho molion. Alderman Baily said bo considered that, as the Corporations provided water plugs and pipes, they should not be asked to contribute lucther. It was only fair to the cltiMas not to Ptt7* .j . The Mayor of Hobart *a.td he considered the Government were in dnty bound to sup port the brigade, for if they were stripped of their subsidy they would become useless. Tne | rate per head, too, was only about one half ^ Alderman Smith said he was in favor of letting well alone. Aldermen Kdgell, Hiddlestone, and Wat chorn were in favor of eliminating the pro position. Alderman Barrett, in closing the debate said it was a shame for Hobart and Launces ton to put on aoy public tax just to reduce their own liability. It was most, unfair to ask the small country towns to pay towards the support of the brigades. The chairman said he had breome a con vert to the position taken np by Alderman Barrett. The same position exactly prevailed in Vi;to»ia as in Tasmania, with respect to Bnnnmt of the brigades, namelv, that the Government, tbe Corporation, and tbe In suiance Companies paid one-third each. The prop sition was then struck out. SCHOOL TBUA-T OWICBBB. 'Tha-, with I he view of mo.c effic-ually carrying out 'he wnipulwiy cTaute* of the Educational Ac'sin tbe cities i f HolaTtand Launoeston, the Government fce requee ed io appoint special officers wha shall devote the I whole of their time -to enforcing the attend I anoe at schools of children. Struck out. WOUEM SUFFRAGE. 'That fema'c taxpayers ba allowed to vote at municipal elections.' Aldermaa Crouch au 4 be was most strongly I J?vor proposition, I I The Mayor of Hobart said lie liked the ladies, and weald do bis beit for them ; but nfl contended it would only bring trouble on them if this proposition wire carried. For their sakei he w iuld oppose it Alderman Baily ruid the conce'ston only referred to fem*'« taxpayers who were not represented in tbe Council in any other Th6 proposition was put and c&rrled.; candidates' consent ih w&ithto.; | 'That candidates at municipal elections i give their consent in writing.' I Alderman Crouch said this wag a step in the right direction. He also thought 'plump- ing ' should be done away with, and that each candidate shoald be compelled to de posit £20, which shotfd ba forfeitei If be did not secure sufficient support. ^ Ald°rman Johnson supported the proposl Alderman Edgell said ho was quite in aocord with tho oonsent in writing, but he objected to the payment of a deposit. He ©b/eefcei fo candidates being unnecesaari'y put to the expense of au election, and thought if the nomination piper was signed by two or three reputable persons it would besnfflcisnt. sent in writing being enforced. Alderman Hiddlestoae said he could a?t agree to a depoiit being paid, and thought the £503 bond of a sacaeisfvl eandf-'at* quite sufficient, A per tana should harj a show ot securing the sappaxt.of the eltiaeas, if he deserved it,as well as the aaaa who wore broad oloth. ^Alderman Sally supported the propwtf Alderman Crouch said his objeet was to prevent a man being nominated for a 'lark,' and thus causing a contested election, though he knew he would not have tha ghost of a show, He then moved as au ameadm-EQt— ? ' That a deposit of A20 be paid, aud that a voter be compelled to vote for the three men required ' After a little dlscnssfdu the amount of ds tsuBib Y»«*o jum KiiU) ana tne proposition as amended wa* passed. CAPITAL VALUB 'A6BE861fBirr. *' That Parliament be aeked to amend tbe Municipal Acts of Hobart and Laucceatcn by inserting tha following : — That io attest ing unimproved land within the cities f r the purpose of taxation the same shiil be as sessed in a sum not icxoaediog I per cent, por annum on the estimated eapltal value of such land,' Tills propcaltlon was amended so aa to read ' five per cent, per annum' instead of ' three,' and was then paved CONSOLIDATION OF MUNICIPAL ACTS. ?' That th s conference respectfully sub mits that the tine has arrived when the Municipal Acts of Hobart and Launceston should be. consolidated and amended, aud that a bill be submitted to | that effect during tho present session of Par- I I'ament.' ! Tbe chairman said the Attorney-General ; had consented toconsolidste aod amend these i Acts fer 4100, and he thought it would he I wise to have this work donn. Passed. I MEDICAL HEN AB OFFlGBBfl OF HBALTB. *' That the Hea'tb Act be amended by tbe | appointment of two medical officers of health, I one for the South and one' for the Northern : division of the colony,' j Alderman Price said he hoped that some- I th-ng would be done in the next session of Parliament in this matter. Alderman Dean recommended that these medio \1 officers should have their various dis tricts specified. Passed. 8UPPAB6BIOK OF QAMBLHTG. ' Tbat the AUorn«y-Geneml be requested to introduce a bill ieto Parliament for the suppression of gambling by totalisators or otherwise..' The chairman said legislation in this matter had already been enacted and the totalizator suppressed in some quarters, bat no penalty was affixed, and he recommended that this question stand over, and the atten tion ot the Attorney-General be drawn to the omission. Agreed to. rXBl or XIOBVBttD VIOTt7ALX.B&e.;' 11 That the fees paid by licensed victuallers and ethers, which are new paid into the general re venae, be paid to tbe Municipal Council within whose mualclpallty they are col :ected.' Alderman Crouch said this should be strnok out, and thns prevent the coffers of the Municipal Council being soiled by snch monies. (Laughter.) Passed. IU8PEOTIOET OT DAIBIIB. ' That an inspector under the Local Beard of Health of the district wherein the milk is said be empowered to inspect tha dairies fro a where such milk ia obtained, though the same be without his district. Alderman Barrett moved the adoption of tbie proposition. Alderman Soott, in seconding it, said when he was Mayor he visited, with the aanltary officer, some of the outlying districts, over whom they had no jurisdiction, and saw repeatedly cows drinking putrid water. Moat of the milk from the neighboring dairies came into Launceston, and some check should be put upon dealers. Alderman Baily said he had also seen dairy cows feediDg in pastures through which sewerage water ran, and thought tbat an in spection should be made of the food, water, and pastures used by dairy cattle. After a few remarks from Alderman Douglas the proposition was carried. WOMEX AXD CHILDB&K; XMPLOIMBKT ACT. 'That power bi obtained to permit of regulations bsiog passed under tne Women and Children Employment Act, regulating the space to be allowed to each worker in a workroom or factory. The chairman said this Act as it stood was unworkable, and required amending, Jt was necessary to have the power of passing regulation*, and he hoped they would soon have it. Passed. BATIK G OF QOVBBTOSKT BTTILDIUQB. ' That all Government lands and buildings be subject to Municipal assessment and the payment ot Municipal rates in the same man ner as the lands and buildings of private per sons now are ' Alderman Crouch contended that tbe Go vernment were not giving their proper quota j to the 0orporations in the way of rates. They j just gave about £1000 or £2000 as a kind of I sop, whereas thuy should be taxed as well as j private persons. | The Mayor of Hobart said if they went in to tax Government lands and buildings they would decidedly lose by it, and como off second best. Alderman Seott said the proposition was too sweeping. It would be unfair to tax the charitable institutions, but he would not object to assess those buildings where the Government officers oonduoted their busi ness Alderman Douglas considered it would bs only right to tax all Government buildings except charitable and educational establish ment*. Belative to the Parliamentary grants, they mnst cease some time, and he always contended a corporation should work alone, and not continually go begging to Parlia ment. It was a right principle, whioh they shoald establish, and he was heartily in favor of it After a little diseutsion the proposition was amended ao as to exclude charitable and educational eitablishments, after which it was carried. tbb rowiB or roTrwo. Alderman Crouch moved— 'That at all Mnniolcal elections a ratanavfir pball be compelled to vote only for tbe number of candidates required, and that all papers containing more or less names be informal.' Alderman Douglas hoped the motion would not be carried. It was one of those theoretic ideas good in appearance but »oet vic'ous in practice. Alderman B\rrett agreed with Alderman Douglas, and Alderman Smith safd a man's vote was his own property, and he should be allowed to do what be liked with it. The motion was then put and lost. OEN*B&XiI6ATION; OF TRB POLIOB. Alderman Crouch next move-3 — ' Tbat this conference approves of the bill brought in by the Attorney-General lor the centralisation of the poli-e.' The motion was not seconded. PAftSBD WITHOUT SISOtTBftlOK. The following pronoaltions were pasted without discussion ?'iThat power ba obtained for taking any lands for aay public purposes. ' ' Tbat it is desirable that tbe Municipal Councils should have power to establish or purchase gasworks or other public lighting works.' 1 11 That the Building Aot be so amended as ; to prevent the Government from erecting ' buildings which tbe citiaens are precluded I fcom erecting.' j ' Thai partioas of eaUrtaa of certain o*\\. 1 ! cerfl at the Town Hall be charged to Uie 1 municipal poliee aocount,' Oat-stations tot Poliee^4 That the expen diture on polioe buildings be included In the disbursements for ^general 'polioe patpMes under which the municipalities receive Par liamentary subsidy.' . « That the Government be requested to provide as speedily as possible a place both in Hobart aud Launceston for tbe reoepMon of drunkards offending under the 100th clause of the present Licensing Act ' 'That the 101st section of 1h« Licensing Aet bt amended so as to provide some better method of enabling publicans to identify S ergons prohibited from bung supplied with qn-»r.' 'That with the view of suppressing brothels, ' The Police Act. 1865/ be amended by adding sections similar to the following, whioh are taken from * The English Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885':— Any person who keeps, or manages, or acta, or assists in the management of a brothel ; or, being the tenant, leuee, or occupier of any premises, knowingly permits such premises or any part thereof to be u-el as a brothel, or for the pnrpose of habitual prostitution ; or, belug the lessor or landlord of any premises, or the agent of snoh lessor or landlord, lets the same or any part thereof with the knowledge that such premises or some part thereof are or is to bs usrd as a brothel, or Is wlttoUy a party to tee cotiinubd tue of such premises or any jiart. thereof as 4 brotllel, shall, on su^maxy conviftion in maun*- p ov.did by the Ori-ninal Prcidure te iable to a penalt' not ex r cd;ng £20, or, in the discre tion of tbe Comt, to imprisonment for any term not exceeding three months, with or w'. Lout bii-i Isbor ; and, on a second or eube-*queni conviction to a penalty not ex ceeding £50, or, is the discretion of *bs Court, to imprisonment for any term not ex-j ceading aix va nths, with or without bard] labor ; and in cms of a third or aabseqatnt j oonvictioa suek person may, in addition to I each penalty or Imprisonment u last afore- ! said, be required by tbe Court to enter into a . recognisance, with or without sureties, as to j the Court B-jetns meet, to be of good behavior far any period cot exceeding twelve months, a&-1 io default of catering into such recogni- j patice, with, or without euraltes (m the case n ay be), such person may be imprisoned for I any period not e^cecdi^g months in add'tion to any euo.h tSnn of imprisonment at aforefiaifl. Any person on being summarily convicted in pursuance of this S9ction may appeal to a Court of. General or Quarter Sessions against suoh conviction.' ' That to ballot papers aod to demands for ratep, mnn'o'pal returning officers and r.^te ooliectors respectively be empowered to stamp iDstead of writing their signatures.' TSfl NEXT CONFEBKNCB Alderman Bi-rett moved, and it was seconded at:d carried — '? That the nett con ference bo held in Hobart in 1893.' THAKK4. The Mayor of Hobart moved a vote of thanks to His Worship the Mayor of Lasa ceston for presiding at this conference. The motion was carried unanimously, aad acknowledged by Mr Sutton- who said he hoped to meet them all again next year. The conference then, at 12'45, dispersed, 