WHAYIT THE HAMMOCK HEARDi Ir CLARA nr. HOWARD. Only a hammock, 'tis true, and ea cloth one at that, but I have seen some thing of life and its vicissitudes in myj day; many a scrap of family history; many a bit of romance could I relate,' for no one thought a hammock had ears to hear, or eyes to see what? was going on around, consequently talked freely i1 my presence. I have list ned to the innocenti prattle of the( chldren, the laughter and love-making of the young people,, the gossip of matrons, and to learned dissertations from wise men. Surely one must learn something from these conversations It was a gay company gathered at the old farm-house that summer-the summer when I was first swung under the tree in the yard; previously I had lain, neglected and forgotten, on the dusty counter of the village store; Blue-eyes saw me one day, and pounced upon me, as "the very thing for a hammock;" and a hammock I speedily becamne, under her nimble fligers, assisted by a pair of stronger hands whose aroner bent his tall head over the wolrk until the brown and golden locks mningled. Once he threw my folds about her, holding her prisoner for a moment, while lie gazed in those lovely eyes with a look which made them droop, and their owner struggled to be free. Soon the task was completed and Iwas swung by strong new ropes, and pro vided with gay pillows. The sticks were'not so strong, how ever, for Hercules, the owner of the brown head, being the first to try their strength, was precipitated to the ground amid the laughter of Blue-eyes and her companions; she soon met her punish ment, for, the damage being repaired, she was seized in a pair.of strong arms, deposited unceremoniously among the pillows, and swung until she begged for mercy. Ahi, this was life indeed! to sway gently in the summer wind, and listen to the song of birds overhead, while the trees whispered softly together in the balmy breeze of morn or eve, stood si lent and drooping at noon, or groaned and rocked in the 'ury of the summer tempest. Ohl! those goldenslunmer days; filled; to overflowing with joy and gladness,: each more perfect than the last, will I ever see their like again! How brief they were! How soon that merry com pany werb scatterel-to meet, perhaps naver again this site of the grave. There were picnics up the river, boat rides by the light.of the moon, fishing excursions, tramps to the- woods for berries, croquet,I and tennis parties, everything that youth could desire to fill the hours with enjorvment. Blue-eyes was the life of these gatherings, and the young men vied with each other in showing her atten tions, causing the other young ladies much vexation of spirit; but she was so sweet-tempered and lovable, and so anxious to please that they forgave her, and she became prime favorite. I had abundant opporturnity for ob serving those things, as I usually ac companied the party for the benefit of an invalid, a fair young girl u.pon whose face death had already set his impress, plainly seen in the hectic itush of the cheek, and the hollow cough which racked her frail form. To an ordinary observer Blue- eye's treatment of her admirers was such as to give encouragement to :none, but I knew Hercules was the one she favored by an indefinable somnething in her manner toward him. Be made no secret of his preference for her, being in the seventh heaven of beatitude when she smiled on him, and sulking when another was in favor. Especially was this thq, case when the small young man with the eye-glass approached her. If black looks could haveannihilated, Ev:e-glass wouki have given up the ghost speedily; but.the little man con tented himself'rith 'basking in the light of her smiles when they were directed toward hiinself, and returning Her cules' black looks when they were not. Those two glared at-each other like wild beasts sometimes, and I trembled 'for Eye-gluss' safety, for Hercules could have shaken the life cmt of him with perfect ease; his looks often indicated he would greatly enjoy the process. One day there was a picnic planned with which Hercules refused to have anything to do, sayim4g The hated picnics; and sulked about unkler the trees pre2 tending to read, but really watching, from behind his book, the m~ovements of Blue-eyes who was playing croquet with his small rivaaL Whenm the party w?re nearly ready to stard Blue-eyes came out, probablywith the intention of ur?ng HIercules to ac company them, Int fnding Irim fast asleep she slipped back to the house without waking him; I felt a tear plash upon my pillow close to the brown heand as she bent above him for a moment. As the invalid was not of the party I was left behind, and luereules finished his nap in peace; but on waking tum bled about, tossing my pillows right and left, and malking m~y ropes crack under his two hulndred avoirdupois; lie tried to read, but soon gave it up and lit a cigar; having finished this he disap peared in the direction of the house and I was left alone. How quiet it was I no sound but the twitter tof birds and the hum of bees to break thle stillness. At dusk the picnic party returned, too tired for their usnu?al evening amuse ments, and soon I etired. Blue-eyes came out to me for amoment's solitudr, however, but was not allowed to enjoy it long, for the odor of a cigar floated upon the air followed by Hercules' tall form. He seated himself beside Blue-e yet and puffed away in silence for some mo0 hients, then throwing away the cigar; paid abruptly, "How did you enjoy the " picnic?" "Very well-that is-a little," she an twered composedly. "Yes I daresay with that jack-a-napes, Eye-glass, in close attendance, while I spent a miser able afternoon." "Really! You seemed exceedingly comfortable when last I saw you! What disturbed your slumbers I" "How did you know I was sleeping?" "I--well-that is I forgot my fan and came back this way" she answered hes it atingly. "Where was Eye-glass that he al lowed it?" sarcastically. "As I do not watch his movements I am unable to say," coldly. "'I'll not stand this a moment long er !" he burst out, while I felt his form tremble. "You shall not encourage that puppy in this shameful manner!" "I do, not understand you! What have 1 'one, and what righit have you to dicp lm ineof cond iet?" ..in.' "You do understand sme, and you know well why I came here; you know also that you have treated me shabbily the whole time, ant all for that puppy! there isn't enough of his whole anat omy to mage a decent grease spotl" "He is at least a gentleman !" "Which means that I am not, I sup pose !" "You can infer that such was my meaning if you like!" with a little break in her voice which caused Hercules to cry hastily, "Forgive me, Blue- eyes! my love for you makes me desperate !" and he stole an arm about her whifper ing sweet nothings in her ear till she promised forgivness. I saw him hold her hands at parting and as their lips met they whispered, "Don't tell anyone yet, dearest; let us keep the secret a while longer!" Next day as Blue- eyes and her friend Lara were talking together, I heard iLara say, "Be careful, Blue-eyes! do 'not lose your heart, for he is the worst flirt in town!" Blue-eyes blushed and was silent. Those stolen meetings occurred nearly every evening, apparently by chance, and there was often a brown .head beside the golden one upon my pillow, or sometimes the golden one was transferred to a white-shirt front. or a black coat-sleeve; invariably there were the same words at partine, "D) "not tell them yet, trust me yet longer,' and Blue-eyes went to the house, whih herlover lingered to finish his cigar. The days grow into weeks, each fillce with perfect happiness to two, at least of the party. All things must have as end, however, and soon the day cane when the merry party said good bye tc .the old farm-house and departed, leav ,ing this pleasant spot reluctantly, and carrying a host of pleasant memories with them. Hercules and Blue-eyes had evidently been quarreling again, :for they parted coldly, only the anguish in the azure eyes telling how keenly she felt the parting. After he had gone she flung herself among my pillows and sobbed until the first pangs of parting were over. Lava tried to comfort her and gain her confiu klence, but Blue-eyes' only answer waie "Please don't, Lara;'don't you"see how miserable I am?" Lara at length departed and Blue eyes was alone. I saw very little of her during the day, but at dusk when the pale moon was peeping at me through the trees, she came out, and nestling her head down among tmy pillows, cried softly, and kissed the spot where the brown head had lain; whis pering as she did so, "You will not tell tales, you dear old hammock! and now lie has forgotten me no one shall ever know." For a long time she seemed sad, and depressed, never singing at her work, or laughing gayly as before. One day there came a letter which brightened her wonderfully; then came anotlher, until she became quite herself again. I was removed to the hall upstairs, when winter came; although I found smaller opportunity of seeing the "ups" ansd "downs" anld "ius" and "outs" of life, still I saw Blue-eyes every day and she always passed me with a smile and blush that told me she had not for gotten. Eye-glass came often, in those days, but met with small encouragement; grnwing desperate, at last, he urged his suit, but Blue-eyes gave hint no hope. Growing angry at this he told her lie kne- her secret, adding with great heat, "Y:ou shall never marry him while I 'ivo!" "Neverl I swear it!" Ilue-eyv, dismissed him with a face as white ats marble; lie left her presenoce, lmuttering "You shall rue th'is day! now mark my words!" One day )Dr.- ', who had known Blue-eyes from childhood, called, and seeing how pale she was, asked why she looked so sad: she answered him witlh a burst of tears. Soothing her cen tlv, as one would a child, hie toull lher he hadl loved her always, and beggedtl her to brighten his lonely life, and let him take care of her. IRecovering from her surprise, she told him she could never be his wife. There were tears in his honest eyes as he kissed her forehead gently, and bade her adieu. She was watching the post again, with feverish expectancy, and grew paler every day, so I knew those pro cious letters has ceased. Sjpring came, and grew into summer. I was swung under the trees, as of yore, but saw little company. Blue eyes came to me sometimes, ulint she looked so sad, and cried so, I wished shle would not come. One evening, late in suimmer, she ,name hurriedly out. andil sitting down, drew frons her pocket a letter, swhichl shie tlpened with trembliug fingers: as she did so there fell fromn ita pic ture, whichl chanced to fall upon the very spot the brown headad hdso often pressed. ]ilue-eyes, glancing at it, uttered a shriek, and fell forward, as fwhfite as death, and as still; the face w\as that of Hercules,. and beside him another--a fair young girl in bridal dress. Poor chilh! Hlow I longed to wind my strong ropes about his neck and throttle him I Those words of Eye-glass' came back to me, "You shall never marry him, never " I hung there for weeks, the prey of wind and rain, neglected, and forgot ten. One day my mistress came, with tottering steps and a face I would scarce have known, so changed it was, and untying my ropes, with trembling fin gers, carried me tenderly to my old place in the hall, where I have lain ever since. Only when the children come troop ing out to "Grandma's," from town, am I ever swung under the trees I love so well. They tease "Auntie Blue-eyes" for a swing in the "pretty hammock," and she humors them, sometimes swinging with them, but with a look on her face I tremble to see, although I am only a hammock. 