Green-room Gossip. Cellier'B charming " Dorothy" has proved just aa effective a draw at Her Majesty's during the week as did its predecessors, the " Gondoliers/' " Marjorie/' and the rest of the merry repertoire that Mr. Williamson I has put forward in quick succession during 1 his season at this popular theatre. The j houses have been as large as the most j exacting manager could desire, and the I audiences enthusiasm has been as spon I taneous as it has been merited. The character of Dorothy looses nothing in the hands of Miss Clara Merivale, who, last Saturday night, went through avery trying ordeal before she appeared before the public at all. She went straight from the express to a long rehearsal, and then utterly tired out appeared in the evening,to score an instantaneous success, and that in a part previously made con- siderably popular by Miss Nellie Stewart. Miss Merivale's performance is a remark - ably good one, and loses nothing by con- trast with previous representations. . Her style is entirely her own, and the success that her efforts have scored with her audiences1 is a sufficient guarantee that that style suits the public taste. Mr. Chas. Ryley is, without doubt, the best Sherwood we have seen here, and of course Mr. Bracy's Geoffrey Wilder is too well-known to need special mention. Miss Violet Varley makes a very graceful and entrancing Phyllis Tuppitt, and Mr. Lauri plays the part of Lurcher to perfec- tion. We are genuinely sorry that exist- ing arrangements compel Mr. Williamson to remove " Dorothy " next Tuesday night, for the opera has never been seen to greater advantage in Sydney than during the present season, and we oan only hope that the management will see their way to revive it before the company leaves us. On Wednesday night Gilbert and Sulli- van's opera "The Yeoman of the Guard" will be revived at this theatre. * "Jane" has been running to splendid business at the Imperial Opera House during the week, and Messrs. Lestocq and Harry Nicholle's rollicking farcical comedy seems to have a deal of life in ic yet. Although it is now over a year since " Jane " was first produced at the Criterion ,' Theatre, the plot must be tolerably familiar to most of our readers. Every one remem- bers the pert worldly-minded little maid servant who, for the sake of shekels, is induced to perjure herself to an unlimited extent, and pass herself off as the wife of her young master, who, by the way, in real life, has no business to have such a remarkably kissable girl about his bachelor premises. Then the vagaries of William j Tipson, whose sole ambition seems to be centred in Jane, and a prospective milk walk j the dilemmas of the shallow- pated well-dressed Charles Shackelton, utterly ; unscrupulous and delightfully selfish ; and the block-headed stupidity of that old fool Pixton-all must be fresh in the minds of those who had the pleasure of sseing this undoubtedly funny conglomera- tion of nonsense as it was first produced at the Criterion on May 23, 1891. The first thing a would-be farcical comedy writer does nowadays is to hatch a plot BO intricate, . involved, and impossible that at first blush he can scarcely bring even himself to con- ceive how the public will stand it. Then familiarity makeB him used to it, and before that farcical comedy is ready for the prompter he (the author) very probably believes in it himself and persuades him- self that his ridiculous situations are the most natural things in the world. This must have evidently occurred to Nicholls and Lestooq when they wrote " Jane," for the piece is simply bristling all over with wild impossibilities, " gags " from the lumber chest are hawked out, and jokes our forefathers would have been impelled to call " chest- nuts " to are cracked as naturally as though they were new-born wheezes. Still " Jane " is awfully funny, nevertheless, and this utter disregard of philosophy, ethics, or precedent is one of its charms. It is positively refreshing to see people coolly performing the most palpable miracles with the air of one that is used to it, and as miracles occur regularly every five minutes in "Jane," the amount of refreshment mentally imbibed: during the performance would very nearly float a New South Wales loan. Miss Kemble herself plays the part of the remarkable slavey, and her acting is refined and humorous in the extreme. Messrs. Owen Harris, Geo. Leopold, and Edwin Lester fill the respective roles of Shackelton, Kershaw, and William very satisfactorily, the latter gentleman espe- cially proving himself a very finished comedian. Miss Annie Taylor makes a remarkably good Mrs. Chadwick, and Miss Madge Corcoran is seen to advantage as Lucy Norton. - The rest of the cast is well placed. " My Uncle's Will," which pre- cedes the comedy, is perfectly safe in the hands of Mrs. Molyneux, and Messrs. Harris and Clitheroe. * * * A ghost of a show-The living skeleton. * * * Adelina Patti is in mourning for. the loss of her little hairless dog Ricci, which died the other day in New "Xork. It was presented to her by Senor Diaz, President of the Mexican Republic. * Henty Irving likes to tell how, when he was in a Dorsetshire village last summer, he passed a group of children. One of them eyed him so sharply that the actor said : " Well, little girl, do you know me?" "Yes, sir," was the reply, " You are one of Beecham's Pills." She had seen his face in an advertisement. * * * Here is an idea which should find imitators in Sydney and Melbourne. Originality is everything, and an English confectioner is up to date. He has. begun to manufacture thin leaves, resembling sheets of paper, out of sweet paste or dough; these sheets are then used for printing the programme of the play. This is done, not with ordinary printer's ink, but with diluted chocolate. The pro- gramme can be devoured, and if the play is a poor one, the audience can at least have a pleasant taste left in its mouth. Now, if he will go further and saturate his sheets with whisky, he may also make the practice of going out between the acts to " see a man " an obsolete custom. * The entertainment which Senor Manuel Lopez haB provided for the visitors to the Garrick Theatre has been very well patronised during his all too shoit season. On Saturday afternoon last a matinee programme given for the benefit of the school children was well attended, and a special performance to suit the tastes of the youthful audience was submitted. In the evening the programme which had proved so successful crating the week was changed for another equally acceptable, in which, amongst others. Miss Ida Osborne, Miss Colbourne Baber, Miss Nelly Wynn, and Mr. Edgar Straus took part. The signal success scored by the Estudiantina Espanola concerts during their initial season will, we hope, induce Senor Lopez to repeat his venture at no dis- tant date, for the novel entertainment is decidedly of a popular order, and should run to paying business for an extended season. This even- ing Mr. Widow O'Brien, John F. Sheridan, will commence a farewell season of one week at this popular little theatre. The piece which the famous comedian has chosen in which to make his final bow to Australian audiences is Boucicault's " Shaughran," a play that is ever green and ever welcome. Of course Mr. Sheridan will play the part of the immortal Conn, and will be strongly supported by his own company. * * * Mr. Harry Rickards' English Comedy Company has just completed a successful season in Bris- bane and the northern towns in Queensland, and is now playing overland to Sydney. * * * Owing to her husband's pressing business arrangements Mme. Vanderveer Green was un- able to leave on Monday by |the Monowai, as was originally intended. Ti e popular contralto will sail for 'Frisco on September 5. * * The London Gaiety Company open at the Bris- bane Opera House on August 22. After a short season in the northern capital they will come on to Sydney, opening at Her Majesty's at the latter end of next month. * * * A series of high class ballad concerts ate shortly to be given at the Sydney School of Arts. * The rebuilding of the Theatre Royal is going on apace, and it is hoped that it will be open to the public by the end of October. * A novelty in the way of musical entertainments is to be initiated at the Town Hall next Saturday, as will be seen in our advertising columns. The novelty consists of the collection of some of the best musical talent in the colonies for the pur- pose of giving concerts to which there will be only one price of admission, namely a shilling ; and the idea having " caught on " in other cities is likely to meet with public favor here. The following artists, who were members of the Italian Company, are already announced to take part : Signora Cuttica, Signorina Matioli, Mademoiselle Krawkoski, Signor Tiavaglini, Signor lorio, Signor Siseo, Signor Rebottaro, and Signor Cuttica. -4 Here are the latest statistics of the Protestant Episcopal Church. In England it has 43 bishops and 24,090 other clergy- men j in the United States, 61 bishops and 3800 clergymen j in Ireland, 13 bishops and 1807 other clergymen ; and in Canada, 24 bishops and 1300 other clergymen; in Asia, 13 bishops and 713 other clergymen ; in Africa, 13 bishops and 360 other clergy- men ; in Australia, 21 bishops and 269 other clergymen ; and in Scotland, 17 bishops and 280 other clergymen, in scattered dioceses, 9 bishops and 120 other clergymen-a grand total of 189 bishops and 32,729 other clergymen. People with a love for statistical science sometimes indulge in queer computations. A genius of this art has arrived at the conclusion that a gold coin passes from one to another 2,000,000,000 times before the stamp or impression upon it becomes obliterated by friction, while a silver coin changes hands 3,250,000,000 times before it becomes entirely effaced. *. Have you ever noticed that barristers' wives are seldom beautiful-that is, when the barristers are prosperous ? The reason, doubtless, being that they are so little at home, that the looks of their wives are of no consequence. The average beauty in doctors' wives is decidedly high. A some- what cynical reason^s assigned : "Ahand- some and healthy, wife is a doctor's best advertisement." i - 