THE SOCIAL DEMANDS INSUR ANCE COMPANY. (From the London Times). “What is the least I can give without seeming shabby” is a question which many citizens have to ask themselves on the arrival of every post. A large percentage .of our letters (we .are not. speaking, of charities) are requests for mouey, for money to be spent on futilities with which we have no sympathy, but to .which tradition compels us to, subscribe. There seems to be a race of busybodies, for example, who exist for the...purpose of getting up testimonials, and monuments, and memorials. They appear to consult the almanac daily and to aßk themselves, “ Whom can we tease the publio into com memorating?” Almost every.‘day is tbe birthday, or the centenary, or the tercen tenary of somebody. A hundred years have passed since Prodgere was born, or died, or published his immortal work. “Let us do something,” cries the busybody, “ for (he illustrious memory of Prodgere.” He tlen consults tho “ Biographical Dictionary,” tnd finds that Prodgers was born at Little Pid lington, or died there, or was at school there. So he determines to make Little Pedliugion a kind of Stratford-on-Avon; he takes iito his counsels seven other busy bodies wo - se than himself, he makeß a committee, he writes to the papers, he sends letters to all the conspicuous people whom he can thiik of, lie asks for their names, Bnd, worst of nil, for their money. These thiigs cannot be done without money, end Little Pedlington (which never heird of Prodgers before) iB enthusiastic, but does not subscribe. A Prndgirs drinking fountain iB proposed by the temperance people; the local bookseler is all for a Prodgers library (as if any onein Little Pedlington ever read a book !);! a Prodgers museum, containing Prodgers relics; the walking stick of Prodgeis, his old bootß, his quill pens, letters to Prodgers, aud similar objects, :is “ a felt want.” Every man of lettjrs is asked to subscribe. There is a Prodgers fete —many distinguished expres sions of regret are received, the local clergy perorate, and all those spleudors have to be paid for. Then the problem arises, “ Htw little can I give for Prodgers and his glory without seeming shabby ?” There are thousands of such demands. It is Professor M'Glashan’s silver wedding, or his golden wedding, or he is resigning lus chair, and some noxious peraon decides ttut M'Glußhan must have a testimonial, or that his venerable features must be immortalised ou canvas nr in marble. The natural and just thing would be for the enthusiast to put his hand in his own purse and defray the neoessary and considerable expenses. But that is tbe last thing of which the en thusiast thinks; he gives his useless time to committees and circulars, and a world of honest people, who never think of M’Glashan, are asked to subscribe. There is no help for them, subscribe they must, that M'Glashan may Bmirk in maiblo nr frown in oils. If they hold their hands, will they not be thought mean, envious, and unfriendly ? Yet they have no enthu siasm in the cause. The world has wagged on without a statue of Prodgere or a por trait of M'Glashan, and might continue to do so. But they have to pay, and naturally wish to pay as little as possible, and with the smallest conceivable amount of trouble. In addition to those endless and super fluous demands, there is the constant tax of wedding presents. These usually take the form of the smallest and cheapest articles in silver and ormolu, but there is the trouble of selecting them, and the expense of buying them at retail prices. To meet all these difficulties, and to lighten tho needless burdens of life, the Social Demands Insuranoe Company has been formed. The Bociety, on receipt of a sub scription, graduated according to the income aud needß of the members, will transact for them the whole business, on tho cheapest possible scale. The society is not afraid of beiog called shabby; it has no corporate deli cacy of feeliug. Doing a large ready-money business, the society enjoys exceptional facilities for the purchase of silver muffineers at a considerable discount, and is thus prepared to greatly reduce the anuual expenditure on wedding presents. It has established a fixed ratio of contributions to testimonials of all descriptions. A large baukrupt stock of epsrgnes and decorative clocks has been secured, and silver weddings can now be arranged for on satisfactory, yet economical, terms. In the matter of portraits, the society has engaged a staff of impressionists and sculptors’ ghosts, who will work at low rates, yet produoe articles which, the society flitters itself, are calculated to give artistic satis faction. Moreover, a collection of painters misfits has been secured, on very reasonable terms. These are portraits re jected by the vanity of the sitters, and it has been estimated that they can be con verted into toierable likenesses of alinoßt any professors, actors, schoolmasters, gene rals, musicians, landlords, or masters of -hounds, at an almost nominal expenditure. Thus commanding the market, and utilising artistic refuse (that great principle of modem economy), the society is prepared to con ciliate the most apparently antagonistic inte rests, and ib equally ready to treat with the organisers of testimonials and with the un fortunate persons who are at present com pelled to-defray the expenses. The society is not without hopes that its procedure may end in entirely destroying tlie business in testimonials, memorials, drinking-fountains, statues, and wedding presents. But this, of course, mast be an affair ;of years, perhaps of centuries, and’ in the meantime the society offers eligible opportunities to persons in almost every class of life. Artists rejected at the Royal Academy find here a market for their output. Almost any portrait of a gentleman, by aid of a gown and a gold chain, may be oonvert“il into a mayor, while the addition of a Liddell aud Scott, and an expression of responsibility, will fur nish a head master on economic principles. The society employs its own architects, builders, and decorators for memorial halls, fountains, and museums, and is prepared to treat with the organisers of bszinre. Having secured a large supply of theological works, the society can furnish presentation libraries to towns on the lowest terms consistent with efficiency. Candidates for Parliament will be dealt with on specially favorable terms. 