A GHOSTLY CHAPTER. Muligan, as we said last week, led the way. the " Doctor" quaking with fear, bring ing up the rear. At length the party reached an opening in the timber, the moon sending a silvery shaft across the little clearing, until it struck a peculiarly white gaunt-looking object, which looked quite weird in the moonlight. They had halted near a tall gum, at once side of which was a rough bush fence, a board out of a whisky case bearing an inscription being nailed to the tree. As soon as the " Doctor" caught sight of the object opposite he gave a loud howl and would have run away had not Brady caught him by the slack of his pants and held him. The object was certainly weird enough to frighten anyone of a timid nature, or who was inclined to be superstitious. The figure appeared about seven feet in beiglit; the arms were outstretched, while the face looked quite demoniacal. A short sword in one hand, while something like an old fashioned pistol was held in the other. A peculiar light was reflected upon the whole. " Jack's Ghost" involuntarily dropped from those who had heard the story a few minutes before ; but SUlligan said nothing, but peered intently at the object for a minute or go, when he suddenly burst out into a loud laugh, and seizing hold of the shivering and shaking cook, gave him such a kick in the rear that sent the nnfortunate chcf into a clump of brairs. " What the deuce do you mean by scaring us all that way : you don't know an old gnm tree when you see one." And sure «nough the " ghost" was nothing else; the moonlight through the rift in the trees shone directly on a weather-beaten broken gum, the arms being the stumps of the limbs left standing, while peculiar marks in the timber -made by aboriginal stone axes-gave an unearthly expression when the moonbeams played on it near where the trunk bad been cut or broken off. All were laughing when Hillignn quietly called attention to the fence and board, stating that it was " Jack's" last resting place. The inscription read : " In Memory of Jack Valiant, who was killed in this scrub ? 188-; Vale Verbena." " My object," said Milligan, " in mentioning Jack's faithless lady love was in case search Ghould be made at some future time for his remains : Jack Valiant being a fictitious name, while the words Vale Verbena would give a clue, although when I wrote borne to the old folks I told tbem of Jack's Australian name. Still Verbena, herself, may perchance seek out the lover whose adoration was so illy recipro cated, for I often find a canker remains, and the old love is thought of and longed for when the honeymoon of a clandestine marri age wanes, especially such a marriage as Verbena made. Ah, well, let ns return to camp." In twenty minutes the camp were in the arms of Morpheus. Next morning a horseman brought a letter for the boss: he was asked to cauip at the Nulla Kalla hole, a place about five miles south, the owner of the run being desirous of inspecting the flock with a view to purchase. This was done, and camp was made easily at four o'clock. After tea all bands lay around smoking and conversing, when the experi ences of the previous night cropped up, and a debate was started on " Ghosts," several maintaining there were such things, and vice rerta. " Tim" believed in them, and said he .remembered a story be was told by Father Keating, the village priest:-One September, when he was at the College of the Propa ganda at Borne a Danish student died. He had been in the habit of writing out his con fessions before he went to confessional. A short time after the student's death his con fessor heard a knock at the door. He said, " Come in." The door opened, and the young Danish student entered the room. Although the priest knew he was dead, he was not frightened, and asked him what be wanted. He said, "Will you look in my Latin dictionary? You will find there a paper on which I wrote down my last con fession which I wished to make to you, but I was taken off before I saw you." The priest asked him if be was happy. " Yes," he 6aid, " quite happy. That confession is the only thing that is troubling me. Will you get it?" The priest said he would, and the interview ended. He then went to the dictionary, and there between the pages he found the written confession. He read it, and then destroyed it. The young student never afterwards appeared.* Father Keating also told me a story of a priest, whom he said he knew, who bad'entered the priesthood because of a ghost which appeared to him in an old country house. He followed this ghost to the room which it haunted. It pointed to a place in the floor and disappeared ; they took up the floor, and found the sacred vessels which bad been hidden there since the time of tbeBefor mation.and which still contained some of the Host or sacred wafer. The vessels were re moved and the ghost ceased to haunt. Well, said the Boss, the most familiar instance of the apparition of a ghost for the purpose of bringing to light an unavenged -crime is the famous Ballarat ghost case. It is told as follows in Dr. Lees's "Glimpses ?of the Supernatural":-About twenty-fire years Ago, two graziers, who had emigrated from England and entered into partnership, became, as was generally believed, possessed of considerable property by an unlooked-for success in their precarious bnt not unprofit able occupation. One of them was all of a sudden missed, and could nowhere be found. Search was made for him in every quarter, likely and unlikely, vet no tidings of him or his whereabouts could be heard. One even ing, about three weeks afterwards, his partner and companion was returning to his bnt Along 4 by-path, which skirted a deep and broad sheet of water. The shadows of twi light were deepening, and the setting son waB almost shot out by the tall shrubs, brush* wood, and rank grass, which grew so thick | and wild. In a moment he saw the crouch ing figure of bis companion, apparently as real and lifelike as could he, swing on the ground on the very margin of the deep pond, with his left band bent resting on his left knee He was about to rnsh forward and speak, when the figure seem^i to growless distinct, and the ashon-colored face wore an unusually sad and melancholy aspect; so he paused. On this the figure, becoming again more palpable, raised its nght arm, and,, holding down the index finger of the right hand, pointed to a dart deep hole where the inter was still and W«ck, immediately teside , an overhanging tree. This action was dc-1 liberately done, and then tiyicc repeated, after which the figure, growing more and more indistinct, seemed to fade away. Ihe grazier was mortally terrified and alarmed. For a while he stood nvetted to the spot, fearing either to go forward or backward, while the silence of evening and the strange solitude, now for the first time in his Aus tralian life thoroughly experienced, overawed him completely. Afterwards he turned and went home. Night, which cam* onsomi, brought him no sleep. He was restless, agi tated, and disquieted. The next morning, m company of others, the pool was dragged, and the body of his partner discovered in the very spot to which the figure of the Phantom had twice pointed. It had been weighted and weighed down by a large stone attached to the body ; while from the same spot was recovered a kind of use or hatched which the murder had evidently been com mitted Tliis was identified as having be longed to a certain adventurer, who, on being taxed and formally charged with the murder and found to be possessed of certain valuable documents belonging to the murdered man, eventually confessed bis crime and was exe cuted. This incident and its supernatural occurrences, made a deep impression; and having been abundantly testified to in a court of justice, as well as in common and general conversation, is not j forgotten in the neighborhood of Ballarat, where it occurred. A most curious story of a Prilc',cal'Jr minded ghost was sent me the other day by a Wesleyan local preacher at Home, quietly said someone, and a middle-aged »a? then observed for .the firslt times H® briefly announced himself as A. B. Viheldon, the owner of Nulla Nulla, but said he was too much interested in the conversation to intro duce himself sooner. After exchange of courtesies with the Boss and MiUigan, Mr. Wbeldon continued Many years agoi tb poor house belonging to the H°lywell Union, situate at Holywell, was being enlarged. The matron and matroness at tlietimo were Mr. and Mrs. John Williams, after that of Gadlys House, Llandudno. The contractor for the alterations at. the poor house was let to a Holywell joiner, ^hen the contract was about one-half completed tbe contractor died ; the widow was unable to complete the contract, but possessed some knowledge of monpv soent by her husband on the work which had been done. The authorities of the Union dealt with the widow in rather a high-handed manner, pay^gjbe* «mply what they thought proper for the Trk donc. Great complaints were made by the widow and all who were capable of forming an idea of what the contractor had spent on the <con tract up to the time of his death, with no effect unon the guardians, who gave the | widow aP sum of money in acknowledgment of their indebtedness, but nothing approach ing the sum stated to be due to her as matter of justice. Another contractor was employed to complete the work. No sooner had it been completed than unearthly noises and disturbances began and continued, especi ally on Sunday nights, at the house among the paupers J well as in the matron'scom. partment. Doors were slammed violently, the bedclothes thrown about, and sometimes the inmates themselves thrown out of bed. A local preacher, of the name of Aaron \\\ il liams^ Marian Mills, near Holywell volun; teeredto go there to read and pray during the night. He was placed in a small r0°m: himself with fire and candle; he read and Brayed with no effect so far as the disturb ances or the cauee of them were concerned. The door of his room was opened and slammed | continually through the night. Mr- a°d ^s. Williams were Wesleyans ; generally when returning from chnpel on Botidoyriigs ey would find on reaching home all their fur niturc disarranged in the house,. . occasion in particular, when ^turning home on a Sunday night they saw the figure of a man standing on the top of the portico before the door. On nearing the door they clearly saw it was the contractor, tbe wi^wa hns band. On several occasions different rodi viduals saw him, with two-foot rule in band, measuring the walls of the building. Arch deacon Clough, after that Dean of St. Asaph, was then the Chairman of the Board of Guardians. These disturbances and scenes? had been noised far and wideband he had heard of them at a meeting of the Board. He brought the matter forward. Mrs. Wil liams and Mr. Williams, matron and matron ess, weie examined; they were also asked what they would recommend the guar, lans to do (they threatened to leave tbeplace if something was not done). Mr. Williams answered, '? Pay the widow of (thcfirst con tractor the balance due to her. The guard ians unanimously voted the money. From that day all disturbances cawed. Milligan said : When my old friend, John Harford, who had been a Wesleyan lay preacher for half a century, lay dying, in June of 1861. he 6ent for me. and when X went to his bedside, he said, »I am glad you have come, friend MiUigan; I cannot die easy until I am assured that my wife will be looked after and cared for until fibe may be called to join mc in the other world. I have known vou for many years, and now want ?ou to promise to look to her well-being duT ine the little time which she may remain after me." I said, " I will do what I can, so let your mind be at rest." He said, ' I can trust you," and then soon afterwards, on the 20th of the month, fell asleep in the Loro. I administered bis affairs, and when all was settled there remained a balance in favor ot the widow, but not sufficient to keep her. 1 put her into a small cottage, interested some friends in her case, and saw that she was comfortable. After a while Mrs. Harford e grandson came and proposed to tak-e the old lady to his house in Gloucestershire, where be held asituation as schoolmaster. The request seemed reasonable. I consented, provided that she was quite willing to go, and the young man took her accordingly. Time passed on. We bad no correspondence, i had done my duty to my dying friend, and there the matter rested. But one night as 1 lay in bed wakeful, towards morning, turn ing over business and other matters in ,my mind, I suddenly became conscious pat someone was in my room. Then the curtain of my bid was drawn aside, and there stooa my departed friend, garing npon me wjth a sorrowful and troubled look. I felt no fear, but surprise and astonishment kept me silent. He spoke to me distinctly and. audibly in biB own familiar voice, aud said, "friend Mil ligan, I bate come to you because you hare not kept your promise to see to my wife. She is in trouble and la want." I assured, him that I bad done my duty and was not aware thatsbe was in any difficulty, and tbat I would see about her first thing, and have her attended to. He looked satisfied and vanished from my sight. I awoke my wife, who was asleep at my side, and told ber of what had occurred. Sleep departed from us, and on arising, the first thing I did waB to write to the grandson. In reply, he informed me tbat be bad been deprived of bis situation through persecution, and was in great straits, insomuch tbat be bad decided on sending bis grandmother to the Union. Forthwith I sent some money, and a request to have tbe old lady forwarded to me immediately. Sbe came, and was again provided with a home, and ber wants supplied. These are tbe cir cumstances as they occurred. I am not a nervous man, nor am I superstitious. At tbe time my old friend came to me I was wide awake, collected, and calm. But I do not believe in ghosts for all that. McGrogan remembered that in a small village in the north of Scotland, where I was born, my mother was very much sought after as n sick nurse to the poor. One of our neighbors sickened and died, my mother was a good deal with ber during ber illness. De ceased and my mother lived for a long time on very friendly terms, and now that she was gone and did not leave very clear evidence as to what ber future state wonld be, my mother's mind was much perplexed about the matter. So a night or two after tbe death of her friend, as sbe was lying in bed perfectly awake, the dead woman came to her bedside in form as perfect as ever sbe had in life; my mother was overcome at the sight, and could not utter a word, so after a while she vanished away. During the next day tbe matter scarcely left her mind, and nest night at the same time and in like manner the visitation was made. My mother was unable to speak and this seemed to give offfince, for she looked angry-like, then van ished as before. Next day my mother re solved if the visit was repeated tbat she would ask her if sbe was happy. Tbe oppor tunity of doing so was given her next night, but in her agitated state of mind she used the word " weel" instead of happy. Sbe replied, " Yes, be praying" ; this she repeated three times, and vanished and was seen no more. It was here decidcd to "turn in," and resume the experiences another evening. 