Cfoair goitittfl*. THEY say Deeming is a merry murerer, and that he jokes and laughs in ourt at every ludicrous incident, ust as a man might do at the theatre. rust me, you will see this end in a horough collapse. The man is always iving a lie. His words have been ies, his smiles lies, his tenders of egard lieB, his cheerfulness lies, nd now his assumed nonchalance s as great a lie as anything lse. When he lies in the condemned cell, under, the shadow of the gallows, he will undergo a change, and show the cowardly heart which he showed at erth, and again at St. Kilda, which is ow veiled by an artificial effrontery. IT is simple affectation to talk about his possible innocence. The. case against him is just about as complete as if a dozen witnesses saw him out his wife's throat and batter her skull in. He is enmeshed with evidence like a gnat in the toils of a spider. For the wife and four children over whose bodies he danced his wedding dance at Rainhill; and for the victim who was done to death at Windsor in the Christmas watches of last year, we can all heave the sympathetic sigh ; bnt it seems to me that the irreproachable young girl, Miss Bounsefell, who so narrowly escaped a doom of a like nature, and a sepulchre underthe cemented floor at the West Australian goldfield, is one who is entitled to the truest sympathy of the public. To find herself pillowed in the paper and exhibited at the Waxworks as the betrothed of the most villainous murderer of the century must be poignant suffering to a modest woman. ISN'T it singular that this event should have more than half eclipsed the interest of the elections P And yet we are within twelve days of the announcing time. I reckon that on the 20th of April next there will be nearly 200,000 electors drop their' ballot-papers, in the box, and this is a number far surpassing any previous experience. What will be the result of it all P That is difficult to say; but it is a fact that the Ministry are more hopeful now than they have ever been. MB. SHIELS had a difficult task up at Normanby, but'his colleagues say that he is now fairly safe. Of all the other Ministers there is no doubtful oase save that of Mr. Turner, at 8t. Hilda. Mr. Gillies, at Eastern Suburbs, is said to be in the greatest peril of losing his seat. Indeed, people who know say that Frank Madden will beat him for certain. For myself, I never consider any of these elections as certainties until the returning officer posts the figures. SIB GBAHAM BEBEY'S friends admit that his case is serious. A month ago he was olaiming to be Premier of the new, Government. ,Now he has all he can-do | to get a private seat in the new, House. The fate of Liberal politicians is a {very strange one in Victoria. I am old enough: to remember when the populace shouted., " Ftv«" to every word Sir James . M'Culloch uttered. I saw him ten. years after scouted from Victorian politics. I saw Graham Berry rise., over the ruins of his own stone? i wall, and stand as the idol of., the multitude whilst he praised " the., great heart of the people." A few years,, and we see Sir Graham beg in vain fqr the Brunswick Liberals to give him a,; hearing; and it is certain now that if he, finds a seat it will only be by the help of Conservative voters. ONE of the main questions of thiselection is—Are the ex-Railway Comf missioners to be reinstated or finallydismissed P The great bulk of the candi- ' dates support the suspension, and, it looks as if the new House will!, be of that mind. Mr. Wheeler is to make his railway revelations on Friday,, night, 8th inst. He has very machjiew matter to disclose. I have neard of, one/ point on which the Minister relies, tojustify his verdict of " inefficiency'*! against the ex- Chairman of Comttfo' sibners. When the Minister insisbeQ'Mi the new goods tariff to Ballarat .Mr;" Speight told him that would o^l&iur;, increased revenue of J625.000 . a $ea£. ; He , arrived at tius. shm puting the ,extra mileage via <Uewp9g».; It sow turns out that , itaiiaiers to Geelong are struck so very. ixntV in order to compete with water carriagie, C that goods sent to Ballirat via Geeuing" will go almost at the same chwrge as 1 if they travelled direct, a distance-«f p - twenty-nine miles shorter. Hie railway revenue will not benefit to any appreciable extent. That Mr. Speight, the managing Commissioner, should have been ignorant of a fact like this the Minister regards as a strong proof of his unfitness for his post. I OBSERVE that Mr. Balfour, the leader of the British House of Common s, says that he is confident the Tory Government will soore another majority at the forthcoming elections. What a capacity for hope the man must hare in the face of the shoals of byelections telling almost uniformly agaitost the Government! We saw the other day that even the Times gave up the idea of Lord Salisbury's Government getting a working majority, while denying that Mr. Gladstone would be any better off. We are certain now that the great appeal to the British people cannot be very far distant—possibly not more than a few months, certainly not more than nine or ten. And then !—well, then we Bhall see one of the most interesting electoral struggles ever known since Pan O'Connell won the famous Clare election. THB fourteenth Parliament of Victoria is dead. It gave up the ghost on Tuesday last. Its end was peace. Only the members of the Government attended its funeral as Lord Hopetoun said the words of burial over its grave. It is said that when the Governor gave the requiem service its final word, he added on nis own account— Here lies the old Parliament—here it lies. Nobody laughB and nobody cries. Where it haB gone to, and how it fares, Nobody knows, and nobody cares. It has not been a Parliament of which the people will ever be proud. Its sole merit is that it burst up the system of "octopus" railway bills, and at the same time burst up the Coalition Government. With the Parliament there expired also the Bail way Standing Committee. This has been one of the most useful bodies that worked for the public at the bidding of Parliament. Do you observe how the same questions occur in almost precisely the same way at opposite ends of the earth P They ere now introducing into the House of Commons a bill to abolish plural voting. The Conservatives of Viotoria assure us that if any such measure were passed here it would destroy Victorian credit at once. For all that, however, Mr. Gladstone keeps "one man one voto" in a prominent place in his programme. I UNDERSTAND that Fr. Malone has been appointed by the Archbishop as the chaplain' to the new Federal Council of the Catholic Young Men's Society. , This bright young priest has a literary and scholarly turn, and takes a special interest in the work of the young men; He ought to be able to afford theim good advice on the council in working out their destiny. Everything will depend on the character of the men who compose the firstcouncil, and who from it are chosen to do the work of the executive. The first meeting of the council, I am informed, is to take plaoe on the 2nd May, when the constitution will be confirmed, and the federal business at once entered on. No previous union ever had more than eight or nine affiliated societies, I think. This one will Btart with twenty-one—almost the whole of the societies in the archdiocese. Let us hope they will number 50 before the year is out. TAPLEY. THE Western Morning News says that a certain Hen Paul Biebm has invented/a mist or fog ball with which to envelop your enemy in a deep mist, nay, even a thick fog, whioh shall not be surpassed, claims the inventor, even by a London particular. These fog balls are easily broken spheres, containing ammonia and aoidB, whioh, upon escaping, create a fog that envelops all around it until blown away by the wind. Battles, though, are not always fought on windless, calm days. But, saye the inventor, with this fog around them it will be impossible for the enemy to find the range, or to reply to the fireof the attack. ONE day during the war between Prussia and Austria, Bismarok found a oompany of peasant. "Hellol what's up here?" he inquired. "He's been calling the Prussians names," shouted t'Uw soldiers. "That's a lie," shouted Wok the peasant, who did not Teoognise the Ohaiioellor," I only called Bismarck names." There was a roar of laughter, and everyone looked inquiringly at Bismarck, who laughed • little too, as he said, "Let him go. Others and greater than he have done the •sue.'' 