SPORTING NOTES FROM . VICTORIA. A RAINY CUP MEETING. The .Oaks and Steeplechase Day. BETIE1TINO THE RACING. Kext Year's Cap Stake. (Br 'Ajax') Milbodhnb, Monday. As I rose from my virtuous oouoh at tho usual hour on Saturday morning rain was do Boondiug steadily, and a glauco out of the window supplied ovidenos that Buoh had beon tho oase for Bomo hours. The anspioion at onco oroBsod my mind that the concluding day's raoing iu oonuootion with the V.R.C. Spring Meeting wonld have to be postponed. Tho Btowards mot during the morninn and ro luotantly docided that tho mooting must go tors than for any other reason. Tho rain did not oeaao until before the lost raoe of the day, and the state of tho reserves, the coarso, and the handful of pooplo pro sont may bo bettor imaginod than dosoribod. With a norious falling off in tho receipts ou Cup Day and a shortugo ovor Steoplochaso Day, it would uppoar that tho V.R.C. has rouchod that position which tho pessimista havo beon looking forward to (and apparently withfoolinga not altogothor unploasaut) for somo timo past. ' Wait till tho V.R.C. got a wot Cup wook,' oroakod thoso prophets of ovil, ' and thon soo what about your ton thousand pound stukoo.' Thoro is certainly an impression noiv that a reduction in the prizo money will have to bo facod, but I havo tho word of a V.R.C. oommitteoman that tho stakoB will only bo out down as a last extremity. It is recognised that tho Molbourno Cup has in its prosont form become, as it woro, the proporty of tho colony— for it is supported from tho four quarters of Victoria— aud it is lookod upon that no broach of faith with the pooplo should bo lightly entered upon. As a last rosourco it is quito probable that the V.U.C. will havo to follow the example of othor clubs, und appropriate the sweepstakes money. In tho past tho odd (Ivors, tho half forfoits, and tho fitful .£-15 apiece, which ownera of starters in tho Cup havo to nay has totalled botweou .£3000 and £4,000, and this has all gouo to swell tho 410,000 addod by the club. By appropriating tho sweepstakes tho Club will bo able to got themsolves out of thoir difficulties without, as far as the outer world can boo, reducing the stakes. If such a courso is adopted, and I am afraid that it must bo dono, tho J250 which is now required before a horso can start iu tho Cup would bo rednoed, say, to .£30, which would give tho Club a substantial sum, would ploaso all tho owners, and the Cup would remain a ^EIO.OOO Cup all the name. Othor big racos could be Bimilarly treated. This, then, now that there is uo hopo of assistance from tho totaliBator, becomes almost inevitable. A glanco back at the four days of the meet ing ahows that tho sport was excellent, not withstanding that terrible Cup Day and that worso Steeplechase Day. Now South Wales trained horsos won seven out of the 2*1 raoes, which is only afair rosult, whon wo remem ber that your colony led off with throe wins on the opening day. The Cup surpriso is still ono of tho chiof topics of conversation in sporting circles. Tho prizo could not have gone to a party who noeded tho money moro. If it had beon necessary to pay the last £th or tho £30 sweepstake in connection with the Cup on tho Tuesday boforo tho raco (which was the last timo for declaring out) it is any odds that Glenloth would not have started. It was the ' ready ' that tho people behind Glonloth were moat in nood of, but they thought they had a show of winning tbo Warlabv Handicap at Caulfield on tho Tues day, and theroforo loft Glonloth in. They did win the raoo alludod to, though it is said that thoy reaped very little advantage thoroby out sido tha stake, tho big backers to whom the olso, including frionda being put off — won a largo Btako with littlo riBk, only throwing Glenloth'B pooplo .£125 of their winnings. Mr. J. Urquhart, tho owner of Glonloth, is a milk man carrying on buBinosa in unarlstooratio Col lingwood, but he isagood judge of ahorse, and a far better sport than many a man I know who could buy him up twenty times (Glonloth's winnings and all). Goo. Robson, who rodo Glenloth, was laid .£2000 to nothing. Of course, now that ho has won a Molbourno Cup, ho will bo cracked np as the coming jookoy, but as a matter of fact ho has always boen a good jockey, and ho nevor puts on much ' fiido ' either. Ho is bhaped vory muoh after tho style of tho lato Frod Archer, and English raco visitors have told us iu tho pant that Robson'B stylo is exactly what poor Aroher's usod to bo, Tha ownor and trainer of Glenloth hadn't a penny on tho horso— they conldn't afford to back him— and could never discover who had the horso in any of tho big sweeps. If any luoky drawer of Glenloth wants to be gonorous he might do worso than send a hundred or two to Mr. M. Carmody, of Caulfiold, tho very competent trainer of the Cup winner. Carmody graduated in a homo stable, but for fifteen yoars followed his calling in Now Zealand, and afterwards' in Tasmania, where ho was Mr. ' Rod ' O'Connor's privato trainer. Carmody has been 30 yoars at tho game, aud knows every turn of it. As full accounts of tbo first two days' racing at Flomington appeared in last week's lto'EUEE, I will not furthor alludo to Derby or Cup Day, but will get on to Oaks Day. Tho racing on tho third day was aoinnionoed with tho Flying Stakes. There was no two year-old Trieste in the raoo this yoar to beat the oldor horsos, though somo people say that Hok was bettor than Tries to over know how to bo. Perhaps she is, but she is not quite her solf just now, and before starting in the Ken siugtou Stakos '(which she won) was badly boaten ou tho track by three moderato stable companions. Still, shornns bettor in publio than in privato, aud though she mot her first dofoat in tho Flying Stakes, sho boat all of her own year, finishing fourth (after losing a lot of grouud at tho start) to Bungobah, Paris, aud Autonomy. Tho race was a gift to Bun gobah, who now appears to bo in his truo form. He simply played with the field all tho way. Somo pcoplo thought that tho rider of Paris was not anxious to win, but if that wero so ho is the best ' ladder' I ovor saw in my life. Undor any ciroumstancos though ho could not havo liraton Bungobah, whose great performance could bo gauged through Autonomy, who, though third, was vory badly beaton, and tho seven furlongs woro cut out in tho smart timo of Iniin 27|bco. The result of the Oaks race was very un satisfactory. Etra- Weonie won, but to mo hor rider lioomod to seriously interfere with Triosto. Tho stewards — only three sat on tho oase — thought othorwiso, and dismissed 'tho protest. Mr. J. B. Clark was naturally vory wrath over tho matter, and cuterod an ap peal. Tho full committoo of tho V.K.O. will now havo to deal with it, but it is to bo hopod that tho throo stewards who sat on tho oasu— aud who aro members of tho oonimittoo— will rofrain from sitting on tho appeal. If thoy havo any rotrard for doconoy of courae they won't Bit on it. Undor tho oircuni Btauccs I still havo hopos of Trieate getting tho raco. Sovoiil Sydney witnossos aro to be callod on tho appeal by Mr. Clark. With a dear run I think Triasto 'would havo won by two or throo lougths, although Huiloy did not rido oua of his brst races on hor. This was ono of Etra- Woouio'n first wins sinco her Maribyrnong Plato vio tory. Sho is a very hard maro to train, hor teeth giving a lot of trouble If all had gono woll with her I thiuk sho would have boon good enough for tho Dorby, and if I woro aukod to muno a likely ono lor tho next Mol bourno Cup I would havo no hesitation in mentioning Etra-Woonio. Sho is by Trouton, who has had a rari innings ut tho meeting, tho six horses of his get running at tho meeting winning four racos and running second in the Cup. His stock when offorod by Mr. Wilson noxt soason should realise splendid prices. Ronda, who ran second in tho Cup, and winnors in Gaillardia (twice), Gloria and .Etra-Weonie aro nil by Trenton, whoao only other stock running ot tho meeting woro Alicia and Caloulus. 1 would liko to couplo tbo lattor with Etra-Weonio as a likely Mol bourno Cup winner. With a yoar on his age, he will, all boing woll, turn out a groat horso. Thoro is Bomo talk about Mr.t Wilson keeping all the Tronton horsos and racing them him ? olf, eld tho lato Mr. James Whito did tho horsos by Chostor, but I don't think thoro is anything In this. Though not snch a hifih-priMd lira u Nordoafeldt. I tiink Tronton will prove hlnrsolf quits u good, Both are stallions that any country might bo proud of. Thofoatnro of tho Socond Hurdlo Raoo was tho orrutic porformance of Morrignl. Tho son of Robort tho Duvil oponod at 0 to 1, and rooodod to 20 to 1 at the fall of the flag, After being kept longths and longths bohind the field for tho groator part of tho journey, he oamo with a tromoudous run at the fiuiih ftud secured fifth placo. Several owners are anxious to buy tho horse with a view to Grand National possibilities, but tho price wantod is. I bolievc, vory high. 1 think Horrijrul, Browor, son., of Wagga, for JJ12, Is a second Rodloap. Tho raon was wou by Mr. S. Mitlor's Pingara, whoto ownor had not a penny ou hor. Martin Bourko, tho weU-knowu oross-country jookoy, had tho mount, and thoroforo tho viotory was popular. Cumbe roouu, who is now In Hickenbutham's Btable, rau second. Liko most of the Glorious what 'faiut-hoartod.' The Tusmanian-brod Blyth went out favorito, but, though loading at tho last hurdlo, ho wus not in sufficiently good condition to finish homo. Kscort shaped woll, running fourth, but the muoh- fanoiod Josephine rau badly. Tho Royal Park Stakos eudod in a sur prise. Paris was reckoned uoxt door to a certainty, while of tho throo-yoar-olds, Moli, Azim, and Candour woro all proforrod to Dona but at tho last momont Torn I'ayteu docidod to sond Donation und reserve Camoola for tho Canterbury Plato on tho fonrth day, aud tho oxoollonoo of his judgment was aouflrmed by Donation winning, though if ho aud Paris had not oollidod at tho half-distanoo I think Paris would havo just about dono tho trick. Tho victory of Donation ahowod what n strong hand tho syndicate hold in rogard to throo-yoar-olds. Moli and Azim rnn disap pointingly, but Malvolio shaped bettor than ho did iu tho Cup, and finished third. Tho victory of Titau in tho Spring Handicap, caused no end of a. Bonsation. Considering his good fifth in tho Molbourno Stakes he should not have boen allowed to go out at ton to ono, moro especially as that good and resoluto horseman, Jamos Hayos, was up. Hayos had nover proviously riddon Titan, but he made the faint-hearted son of Chostor go straight all tho way, though ho triod to cut it once or twiuo. A horse in Hayes' hands bos to do his best, or suffer for it. Litigant, about whoso Caulfield Cup ohance I was very swoot, won the Votoran Stakos like a good 'un. She came with a tremondqus rnn at the finish and smothered hor fiold, Goldreof trotting second, aud Clouard, the favorite, third. Litigant was not fanoiod by tho stablo (thongh on form she lookod to havo a rare show), and she went out at 12 to 1. The concluding day's racing will bo long remombored. It was the most miserable day I over spent on a, racocourse. Tho sport itself was not so bad, but tho ro serves were ankle-doop iu mud, and tho rain kept up almost to the last. Calculations wore, of course, considerably npset. Still, throe favorites won, which was owing princi pally to tho fact that as soon as a favorite was made tho majority of tho othor ownera woro content to back it in preference to their own horses. Backors made a bad start, as Autonomy, the favorite, liko tbo other Chester horses, cannot act in tho mud. He was novor onco dangerous. Azim, who ran well in the Cup race in heavy going, and who was not hampered with a penalty, had the race won all tho way, nothing having a show with him at any part of tn« journoy. Moore rodo the . winner, and he also rode Panoply, who won tho Flemington Stakes. Panoply was enterod in his trainer's, Tom Brown's, name, but ran in the Hon. W. A. Long's colors. In Panoply and Gloria tho stablo havo two good two-year-olds, Salntuticm (full sister to Lady Edda) is, however, said to be hotter than either. . A frivolous protost againBt Panoply for interfering with Fortunate, who ran second, was dismissod. Litigant again showed hor superiority in tho V.R.O. Handicap, whioh she won rathor easily from JericLo. Clonard, the favorito, finishod among tbo rear ones. Litigant was only raised 51b for hor Veteran Stakos win, but Mr. Doakin thought sho would not stay — which ho had no right to assume, seeing that tho trainer thought so, or ho would not have ontored her. Besides Litigant has always shown herself a stayer. Sho ought to win tho Williamstown Cup ou Wednesday. . Confidence must be groatly improved, or thoy wero a bad lot behind him in tho Steeple chase, for ho carried his list lO'b to victory in raro style. Nothing that stood up had the ghost of a show against him, ICromlih, who was trying to race him the last five furlongs, ootning to grief at the second last lenoo. Sir W. J. Clarko's horse, Clarot, has boeu bencuttod by a spell, and shaped fairly well. Tha Admiral won the Canterbury Plato like the racehorse he is. He won the raco just as easily as Confidence did tho Steoploohaso, Paris, Camoola Ar.im, to., only appearing like hacks oompared with him. If it had been a fino day when the Cup was run I think he would have won that race all right. Qail lardia scored again for Trenton by winning tho final raco, the Froe Handicap, in which All Thore, tho favorito, ran badly. ? Mr. Dakin made another blunder here, as Gail lardia was allottod 31b less than sho carried in the Railway Handicap. Again, tho handi capper assumed — ou hor Oaks running — that Gaillardia could not stay. This is a very dangoroua principlo, Mr. Dakin, and you will do woll to drop it. Danto, tho Btro of Rodloap, died at Colao last week. ? Bol Giorno, Caloulus, Ronda and Kooka burra roturned to Sydnoy to-day. Fenanco and Forty Winks are both in tho hospital, and will not go over lor somo days. 