CHAPTER XXX. JACOB FRECKLETON. At last the laughing madman who was pos- turing for the time being as John Smith, pit- man, grew tired of knocking out props and bars and bringing the rotten roof crashing down. Flinging away his hammer he seated himself on a stone amidst the cloud of dust his own destructive work had created, and with his cap wiped the great drops of sweat from his wizened face and furrowed brow. And while he sat there with the ghost of a smile still lingering on his carious, old coun- tenance, he listened intently for the sound of voices or the swift patter of approaching footsteps. In the excitement of his deadly work he had forgotten everything save his paramount desire to bury alive—get rid of for ever—the man who had been sentenced to death for the mur- der of Adam Blackburn, and whom he had recognised in the course of that strange con- versation they had had some hours ago. But now, when his cunningly conceived and cleverly executed plan was accomplished, he was enabled to realize all the consequences of his murderous work. If he was discovered by either the night fire- man or any of the night-shift datallers, his position would be one of extreme danger, and any signs which would denote that his fell intention was known to any one save himself and his victim. But all was still as death. The fireman was far away engaged in examining other parts of the mine; the datallers were probably taking a quiet snooze after their supper; and even the immersed man had ceased his wild plead- ings and vehement, despairing expostulations. After five minutes rest Jacob Freckleton arose, and with one longing, searching glance at the piled up masses of roof, made his way down the old gallery to the spot where he and the imprisoned man had been working previous to the supper time. Here he paused for a brief space and again listened carefully. Half demented as he was at times, he was sane enough now when his own safety depended upon him getting speedily away from the mine before his late workmate was missed and his crime discovered. If he could only escape undetected, the mystery sur- rounding Atherton's disappearance, so far as all the other miners were concerned, would probably never be discovered. And even if it was found out that his late comrade was walled in by the fallen rocks of the old gallery it was almost impossible to clear a road to him in time to save his life. So thinking he began to make his way in the direction of the pit shaft, travelling at as fast a rate as the nature of the roads would permit, and keeping a sharp look out ahead, while every old gallery he crossed was carefully peered into ere he sped past. Presently Freckleton was in the main level which stretched in a direct line to the shaft. He was now half a mile or more from the dis- used gallery wherein he had trapped Ather- ton, and in five minutes would be at the pit-- eye. Suddenly he stopped and started violently, while a low curse fell from his lips. There, a hundred yards or so ahead of him, he per- ceived a light which shone like a star through the intervening darkness, and the way in which the flame moved to and fro and bobbed up and down told him that it was being carried about in somebody's hand. Who was the man in front? Was it the fire- man or one of the night datallers? He was pondering those questions and trying to invent a sufficiently plausible tale to account for his presence there, when the rumble of wheels broke on his ears, and presently there came rushing towards him one of the small wagons used in the mine, and which was being pushed along by a night-shift miner. "Hello, Smith!" the man sang out. "Is that you? What's up, lad, as you're going out?" "I want to see the fireman, Ike Thomas," Freckleton replied. "Where is he, Edwards?" "You'll find him in the cabin, I think, Smith. He was there five minutes since when I was at the shaft." Without more ado the miner ran along the level with his "tub," and Jacob walked leisurely towards the cabin which stood, the reader will perhaps recollect, a few yards from the pit-eye. Here the crafty ex-lunatic found the official who was just then writing out his nightly report as to the condition of the mine. "Well, Smith, what is the matter now?" the fireman asked as he glanced up and saw the other before him partly dressed, "I feel very poorly, Thomas; I've not been well all night, and I thought I might as well go home as stop down the pit when I was in no fit condition to work." "Just so," was the official reply, "a chap cannot work when he's poorly. But where's your mate?" "Oh, he's still working away at that job." "I wish he had come out with you. It is against the rules to have a man working in the old air-ways by himself; it's dangerous, you know, and I could have found him a job with some of the other men." "I wanted him to come out with me, but he wouldn't," said the other. "He said he could manage all right by himself." "Come along, then, and I'll knock you up," was Thomas's rejoinder, and, rising from the rough table after shutting his book, he and Freckleton strode to the pit bottom. One of the cages hung a few yards from the landing plates, and, seizing the "knocker," the fireman pulled twice, which was the signal for the engineman to lower the cage so that any one could get in. Presently the great iron structure came creaking and jingling down, and, pushing aside the "catch," Freckleton got inside. Then the other pulled again at the lever, signalling three times on this occa- sion, and soon the cage and its single tenant were speeding upwards towards the moon-- illuminated earth and the star-lit heavens. On reaching the surface Jacob quietly blew out his Davy, and then walked to the lamp office, where he left his lamp. That done he struck off at a rapid pace for the house he lodged in, and reaching his humble diggings, he at once aroused his landlady, making to her the same excuse for his return home as he had made to the fireman for quitting his work. Presently Freckleton was left alone in the little meanly-furnished kitchen, and he forth- with began to make preparations for flight. During the few weeks that he had been located here and working in the mine he had contrived to scrape together a few shillings, and after hastily washing and changing his garments he slipped out of the house and stole away in the quietness of the passing night. He knew the road which would take him to Leghsbury, and along it he trudged at a regu- lar pace. He knew also that the town he de- sired to reach was only about twenty miles away, and he meant to gain it before be rested. As he sped along with the falling moon and the scintillating stars lighting him on his road, a hundred thoughts were running riot in his still half demented brain. He thought of the murder which had been done that dark night at Pennyhurst Mill, of the gold for which the murder had been committed, and of his own daring theft of the spoil, and of his hiding it. Where had he hidden those thousands? Would his memory be fully restored on reach- ing the town and renewing his acquaintance with the old mill and the other places about it? If not, then he was doubly accursed, for not only would he have lost the fortune to which his wrecked brain was clue, but he would have taken Will Atherton's life to no purpose. Then his vagrant fancies wandered back over all the years to the time when his fellow clerk had been sentenced to death for another man's crime. How had Atherton obtained his liberty? Why had he gone to Dr. Davidson? And then he had tracked him to the mine. Was it because he thought him responsible for Adam Blackburn's death? Well, whatever it was that Atherton thought or suspected did not matter now. He had escaped the scaffold, then penal servitude, only to be buried alive in the dismal galleries of a coal mine. What was the prisoner doing at that moment? Had his lamp died out, or had Atherton been choked by the foul air? Perhaps— Freckleton's cogitations came to an abrupt termination, and a loud exclamation of affright left his throat as he went sprawling among the long grass and into a dry ditch which bordered and divided the footpath and the hedgerow. When he picked himself up and turned to examine the object over which he had so clumsily stumbled another little cry of amaze- ment welled from his lips. It was a man's body. Was he dead or alive? Had he fallen in a drunken stupor? or had some murderous hand smitten him for sake of either vengeance or a lust of gold? For a few moments Freckleton stood there shaking with fear, and not knowing whether to run or stay. The spot was a most lonely one. Not a single habitation was visible along the high road. A patch of dark wooded land bounded the road on one hand, on the other a ragged hedge and the dry ditch, into which he had floundered, ran, and behind them fields. While Jacob was looking around a ster- torous grunt from the prostrate figure caught his ears, and going forward he knelt down among the rank grass and looked into the man's face. That moment he discovered why the man was lying there. His breath smelled powerfully of strong drink, and it was evident that he had been supping not wisely but too well with his friends, and on proceeding homeward had fallen or laid himself down amid the grass and gone to sleep there. Rising to a standing position, Jacob Freckle- ton was turning away when an idea occurred to him. The senseless man was evidently a gentleman, or a man of considerable means if one might venture to form an opinion from his garments and general appearance. He was attired in a stylishly-cut suit of dark brown tweed; his hat, which lay on the grass a yard away was one of London make, and a heavy gold albert was slung across his vest. Such a man ought to, or rather was most likely to have a well-filled purse about him, thought Freckleton, and wanted money. It might be weeks, months even, after his arrival at Leghsbury before he laid his hands on the hidden—the crimson fortune; and he would have to live while the searching and waiting went on. Yes, he wanted money and would have it too, if the drunken man had any in his possession. "Hello man! What are yon doing here?" he cried, not too loudly at the unconscious fellow's ear. "Wake up man, and get off home. Do you hear?" There was no response, and when he ven- tured to shake the man gently a remonstrative kind of grunt was the only answer vouchsafed him. So without more ado he slid his fingers into the vest pocket and hauled forth a valuable gold watch. Then he unfastened the albert and conveyed timepiece and chain to his pocket. Next he gently slipped his hand into a trousers pocket, and when it came forth his palm was filled with a goodly store of gold and silver and copper coins of the realm. He thrust the money into his pockets after the watch and again sought for treasure. He was less successful on the third dip, but still he found a few more coins, and pocket after pocket of the inebriate was entered until all his marketable possessions were in Jacob Freckleton's keeping. Dr. Davidson's late patient was coolly trying on the senseless man's hat when the clatter of a horse's feet startled him. Some one was ap- roaching at a rapid rate, but was still hidden by a bend in the lane, and without waiting to make the newcomer's acquaintance, Jacob shot through a hole in the hedge, and running on all fours soon put a respectable distance between himself and the man he had so easily robbed. When he had reached what he considered to be a safe point he left the field and re-entered the high road, and trudged stolidly, resolutely onward, his hands occasionally seeking his trousers pockets to play with the money and other valuable articles he had placed therein. Midway between Leghsbury and his starting point Jacob Freckleton entered a small town, and as he was both hungry and tired by this time he resolved to rest and refresh himself ere he completed his journey. It was still early in the morning, and the workpeople of the place were hurrying through the streets to their breakfasts. Finding a cheap eating-house he entered, made a hearty meal of the plainest and cheapest fare, and then sauntered forth again. Suddenly it occurred to the wayfarer that he ought to disguise himself before setting foot in the town he had not seen for so many years. There were only two men he feared now—Matthew Lewis and John Crawley--- and there was no telling when he might run against one or the other. If he did and he was recognised then all hopes of obtaining the fortune would vanish, and he would be again lodged in an asylum—perhaps never to regain his freedom. So he put his idea into effect, and when he passed through the Market-square at Leghsbury some hours later he had so altered his ap- pearance that not even Will Atherton would have recognised him at first sight. His face now seemed much less wizened since he had had it cleanly shaved; his shaggy hair had been cut and brushed and dyed a jet black, and a pair of big blue spectacles hid his keen, ferret-like eyes. He had also donned a new suit of clothes, and altogether he gave one the impression of being a quiet and respectable working man of the better class. On reaching Leghsbury Jacob Freckleton's first thoughts were of Pennyhurst Mills, and of Messrs. Crawley and Lewis. Did every- thing remain at the factory as he bad left it all those years ago? Suppose the mill in which he had hidden the money had been pulled down and the money taken? He sickened at the thought, and prayed that such might not be the case. After all these years of waiting it would be terrible to lose the gold for which he had endured so much. Then he thought of Lewis and Crawley, and wondered how they had fared in the passage of years. For the purpose of learning something concerning them and testing his own disguise also, he entered the Black Bull Hotel, thinking that in all probability he would find some one inside who would be able to tell him all he re- quired to know. Walking along the lobby he made for the snug bar parlour he remembered so well, and was just about to enter when a familiar voice fell upon his ear. With an effort he choked back the exclamation that was in his throat and quickly turned round. There, on the broad old-fashioned staircase were the two men he was thinking about—the cotton spinner, Matthew Lewis, and His Worship the Mayor of Leghsbury—and they were engaged in earnest conversation. As he gazed the eyes of the former met his own for a moment, but no gleam of recogni- tion lit up the millowner's pale countenance, and noting this with a deep-felt pleasure Jacob passed into the parlour, selecting a seat near the door, whence he could watch the other two without any appearance of playing the spy. Almost before he could seat himself he saw Lewis and Crawley pass out of the hotel to- gether. He rose to follow them, but a new thought stayed his feet, and reseating himself he ordered a glass of beer. Half-an-hour later Freckleton was walking up Pennyhurst-lane, and presently he was beside the old offices wherein Adam Blackburn had been murdered. He strode past with a tightening of the lips, and skirting the old building came to a low wall which bounded the factory yard. Here he paused. Leaning his arms on the stone coping he glanced before him. There, only a stone's cast away were the boilers and fire holes, and there, just behind the resting "fireman" was the wall wherein was embedded the crimson fortune. But how was he to obtain the gold and notes? To dig them out of the solid wall would be a matter of both toil and time, and night and day the week through some one was about looking after the boiler fires. But the treasure was there, and some day he would delve it out. 