(MISCELLANEOUS, Tho South Maiboarno Town Hall was well fillnd on tho ovcuing of tho 19th Inst., tho oocs.don being tho annual Ladies' Night in connection with tho .Seagulls' Club, whoso head quarters nro at Bleak House, Albort Iiwk. The honorary secretary, Mr Percy Cox, hud arranged an attractive pro- gramma of professional and amateur talent, and tho concert was in every WAy a success. Mr Fred Ireland, who was tho accompanist of the ovcning, opened the programme with Faust up to Dutu, aud at a later stago ho ren dered a clover blindfold performance on the pianoforte. That able puhlin entertainer, Mr Cecil Fnrroater caused grout amusement in his representations of odd characters, mill Mr A. G. Stach held the clone attention of the audientio during his recitation, The Spanish Champion, for which ho rccoivcil n well- merited recall. Mr Witt Watkina can always send his nudienco into roars of laughter, and ho never uppcnrnd to greater advantage than un this occasion, his render ing of Tho Ghost at Binks being uuo uf iliu most enjoyubto featuros of tho evening's entertainment. Mr II. Williams sang The Song that Urachal My llcnrt very sweetly, and Mr Dohcrty's recitation, Murphy Shall Not Sing To- night, caused unbounded merriment. The programme, which was n vory full one, did not torminato till a late hour. Tho hall was attractively decorated by Mr J. G. O'Brien, of IHoak Uoupe, aud members of tho Seagulls' Club, Tho quarterly mooting of Sub-district No. 1 of the I. O.K. was hotel iu tho (police Palaco, Fitzroy, on Friday ovening. when delegates wcro present from Melbourne, Carlton, Fitzroy,, Collingwood, Clifton 11111, Preston and Heidelberg. The periodic reports from tho tents showod that they had slightly fluttered from tho nttcutH of the general depression, but that they compared very favorably with other so. cictlcs, both from, a financial and numerical poiut of view. Tho juvenile branches woro also stated to be iu a healthy condition. Several matters of routine business woro discussed, aud a roster of visi tations agreed upon, it being tho intention of tho Sub-district to rouse tho individual Tents to increased aotivity during tho quarter. The subjects for discussion at the visitations are— How to Promoto tho Well- being of. the Order, and Advancement of Javcnilo Reohanitism. P. O.K. llro. Maokerlio (No. 209) was clcotcd as Sub- district President ; and C. R. Bro. G. Swcotland (No. 11) secretary. 'Tho first official visit will Imj paid to tho Mural Hofortn Tent, Carlton, on Monday, let August, whou thu officers hopo to tiuot with a large number of members. \- In reference to the Ironmongers' Theatre Ktrty, " A Constant Visitor" writes:— Would you, on behalf oi myaolf aud family, thank thoabovo for the most cnjoyohlo ovoti- ing wo spent last Friday night. Iamsuro a word of prsisa Is due to whoover had tho arrangements, which woro carried out an successfully. And I must nlso say thn satnool tha «lug6rs, which I am sure would have done credit to any of our music halls, especially two good old favorites, Our Jack's Conic Homo To-day, and They All Love Jock. Before I liuiab I must also congratulalo the Ironmongers on the way tlmy behaved them- selvris, and wishing them ovory success and n good run of luck. 