I THE HUMORIST. TRUE GHOST STORIES. AUTHENTICATED BIT LUKE SHARP. emulating tbe example ot ttie Uhristmas number of the Rev/em, of Scviewt I bare con cluded to place before the: public certain ghost stories which I have been at some pains to ] authenticate. If the truth of these incredible tales was vouched for only by myself I oould hardlv blame the publio for not crediting them, but 1 am' happy to say they have in each case been investigated by a committee ap pointed for the purpose by the Physio Research Company, Limited, as well as by prominent Theosophists;'and other equally veracious per sons. The unanimousverdict has been that tbe stories are true word for word as I have set them down. The fullest examination is invited. I may say I am not- myself a believer in ghosts, and that as a general thing: I have found myself unable to credit many ghost stories I nave read in Christmas numbers, even when they have been accompanied by expen sive coloured illustrations. However, these stories have staggered me, and I am forced to admit that 1 have no explanation to offer other than that they appear to have a supernatural origin. I.-THE MVSTKBY OK ISo. 17A. No. 17n Dreary-lane, London, W.C., is a fisbshop. The proprietor, Mr. Abraham Binks, earns a precarious living sellinc fish, as stale as the law would allow to the poor, but not neces sarily honest, inhabitants of the lane. On the evening of November 10 last, at about twenty minutes past G, he placed in a row thirteen bloaters, formerly ot Yarmouth. When he noticed that there were thirteen, he remarked to his wife that it was an unlucky number; but Mrs. Binks being a strong-minded sensible woman, with no superstition about her, but rather a smell of fish, merely said, with, some scorn, that Friday was an unlucky day, but more fish was sold on that day than on any other. This statement being true, Mr. Binks did not deny, but as he was a man of action rather than words, he placed a placard in front of his shop, which read, " Bloaters is cheap to day." This brief conversation between the fishmonger and his estimable wife is girea merely to show why the number thirteen was impressed on the mind of Mr. Binks. Shortly after this a tall, thin, ghastly-look ing man in very tattered garments stopped for a few moments before the open front of the fish shop. He enquired kindly after the wel fare of the fish, and priced some of them, but bought nothing. He said to Mr. Binks that what he really wanted were soles, and as he said this he Biniled in a saturnine manner that made the honest fishmonger remember the remark. When the thin man had shuffled off and disappeared in the darkness, Mr. Binks, casting biB eye over his wares, (noticed that there were now but twelve bloaters where there had a moment before been thirteeln. He asked his wife if she had sold a bloater.' She replied that she had not. When she made this startling announcement . BinkB felt a queer, superstitious feeling creep' over him. He described ;this sensation after wards to Mrs. Besant as being like a oold salt mackerel drawn slowly up find down his back. Not to make too long a.story of it, nor to harrow up the feelings of our readera unneces sarily, it may be stated that day after day co incident with the appearance of the mysterious stranger in rags, a bloater disappeared. There were eleven, then ten, then nine, and so on, aB day by day went past. Mrs. Binks, who is a cultured, well-read woman, said it reminded her of the poem, the "seven little, six little, five little Injuns," so familiar to readers of our best literature. The Theosophists claimed that Mahatmas took the fish, whereupon Binks, who is a practical man, expressed a. wish that the Mahatmas would leave on the counter the current coin of the realm, which would prevent the bloaters going on tbe wrong side of the profit and loss account, wherever else they went. On the last day, when but one bloater re mained, a materialistic policeman laid his untheophistical fist on the shoulder of the tall thin man. With his other hand, the officer pulled a bloater from the pocket of the ragged coat. The Judge, who has kindly consented to verify this story, said it would be fourteen days. II.-TUB HEADLESS TCAVJSLI,B«. This thrilling story is vouched for by the post office department, and thus in a measure by the Government of Great Britain. I con sider the Government an authority even higher than the Theosophists, much as I value their testimony. Johnny Knobbs, who tramps the distance between Sludgebury-in tbe-Hofe and Newcomb-Pedlock twice during the day, and once at night, as local rural postman, knows that this story is true, and as he has been in the confidence of tbe post office department for nearly twenty years, and as the post offioe de partment is in the confidence of the Govern ment, I think I am not claiming too much in making the Government responsible for this story as it was told by Knobbs to me. John Tompkins, an honest hedger and ditcher, was the first to see the ghost. Tompkins, nob being of an investigating turn of mind -an easily satisfied man-at once took to bis heels and ran. It was a dark and stormy night, and after Tompkins had somewhat caught his breath and other refreshments at the public-house, he told his thrilling 'tale. " It was a tall man," he said, "without a head." " And how could you tell that on such a dark, wild night ?" was asked. Because," said Tompkins, "he carried his. head under his arm, and the eyes they glowed like live OOAIB,and bis mouth spitted lire." This was enough for the crowd at the hostelry, and they resolved not to go home till morning, and heroically kept to tneir resolu tions. The ghost was seen by various other people after that, always on wild and stormy nights, and always with its fiery head under its arm. The local authorities supposed it to be the restless Bpirit of a traveller who bad been waylaid on that road and beheaded by ] robbers in 1633, and who had beoome tired waiting for the police of Scotland Yard to find the miscreants. Hie police had a clue, but the ghost appeared to be impatient. Johnny Knobbs, who went his last postal rounds anout the time this ghost walked, was advised to look out for it, which he did, bnt it never crossed his path. A servant girl in Blemboro' House bad seen the ghost one wild when she was coming home, ana the sight had well nigh bereft the poor girl out of what few wits she had. One tempestuous night there was a ring at Blemboro1 House door, and the girl went to see who it was. Instantly the house was filled with shrieks. The headless ghost it was who rang. The master and the rest crowded to the door and saw there the amazed face of honest Johnny Knobbs. who had his cloak over his head to shelter himself from the storm and his lantern under his arm. This was why he had never met the ghost. III.-OVER A CHCBCHVARD WALL. These events happened in Scotland, which is, after all, the real country for ghosts, and always will be, as long as its justly famous mountain dew retain its potency. It has been claimed by scoffers at the supernatural that Tarn mas Wabster is a professional , drunkard, that on the night in question he ivaa more than extra foil, and that anyhow he isn't to be believed drunk or sober. All I have to tayto these culumnies is that the storjr is admitted to be strictly true by the ghost him ' self, and so its. verity does not at all dejwnd on the word cf Tammus Wabster. It is also claimed that Tammus would have run the moment he saw the apparition come over the wall of the kirkvard, and that his statement that he stood his ground until the ghost came . up to'him is palpably absurd on the face of it. All this to those who know Mir. Wabster lias a oertain air of plausability about it, still the' answer of Tammas to these expressipns are very weighty, fie saya he has been too familiar with spirits all his life to be afraid of them in any form they take, and thatas for running, he was in such a condition as to render speed utterly out of the question. The only choice he had, he claims, was between hanging on to the post, which he leaned against for tempo rary support, or falling into the ditch. This seems to me conclusive. When the public-house had closed Tammas had started out down the road, hoping to attain Glenlimmock some time before morning. He was accomplishing this by making repeated dashes anglewise across the road, now to the right and now to the left, and before each dash steadied himself against the stone dyke or whatever stable object he ran up against. He had reached the post that stands at the road side by Glenlimmock auld kirk, when he was horrified to see a figure leap over the church yard wall and climb up on the road. Tammas knew that no living sane man would be in suoh a place at such an hour, for at that moment the church clock slowly strusk 12. Wabster hugged the post and prepared for trouble. The figure approached, and when it recognised the man clinging to the post, it seemed as startled as Tammas was himself. "My good man," said the apparition at last, " I have loBt my way, can you tell me if this is the Glenlimmook-road 1" " It is that," aaid Tammas. "And is there a public-house down the road*" "There is that," said Tammas, with a sigh. "Can you tell me whether it will he open or not at this hour of the night ?" "Maun," cried Tammas, gathering courage, "yon'eanunco queer question to spear at me. Ye mun be a stranger in these paerts, or ye wud ken weel enuch that if the public wis open TftrnmoB Wabster wud ua be here. -vctroit I Free Press. 