THE CONVENTIONAL DRAMA. HAMLET UP TO DATS. Tbe author in England, »marks ? a writer ia the Cornhill Magazine, apart from the difficulty that is always with him of writing a good play, has many auperb difficulties to oontend with. Almost the greatest rejaauw with the audience, for assuredly no «.vilised country hat so backward ah audience to show aa. oars. Tba manager ia their maathpieoe, since lang .experience has taught him pretty well «hat they want ; and him you can hear «ny morn» ing as be sits ia his little room over his asbestos fire. To snob a gentleman, if you eau conceive Shakespeare taking. Hamlet, I think I eau tell you pretty well whathe woald say. Indeed, I can hear hun ¡"Plenty of good stnff in it, my boy, bnttotally unsuited to the British public. They won't swallow these long speeches all about nothing, right out- side the action of the play. The yoang man talks a lot too muon, and works right against the sympathies of the audienoe. They'll 'ass 'tm if he's as rude aa that to his mother; and look at his treatment of Fiji-what's her name, Ophelia P And he's quite brutal to that old obap, Polonius, who's a first-class dodderer. It the yoang awn | . thinks his father's been murdered, why don't he call ia tba good old Danish bobby and have a nailing good trial, like the Man's Bhadder, instead of going through that plaguey play-soene f And, look*her«, it must end happily« the B.P. won't stand ,an un- happy ending; 'Amlet mast marry Ophelia, thongh there's no 'armin her goingdotty fer a bit. And you've got three corpses on the stage at the ourtaia; no, four, by George! Do you suppose the audienoe want to be sent heme miserable? And no second love interest. First grave-digger muet 'ave a daughter or Laertes-that can be easily worked. And whaf a the good of putting the scene ont of England ? The people like a aoena they oan recognise, and say,'Lord! ain't it aaaokly like P ' Make the scene English, my boy, and the people middle-olasB. The ghost can easily walk ea Primrose 'ill, ? and 'Amlet's father be a lawyer or some« thing, and Polonius a county oonnoillor. Besides, it we're going to do it, I'm not ; going to spend a lot of money on scenery, I oan tell you. And I shall want ny name OB the bill as part author ; and Boseneranta and Guildenstern can come right ont. They're a nopsanoe. And look bera next thing you write, for graolous sake get it typewritten ; suoh a fist as yours I never saw in the 'ole of my .days." And so poor Shakespeare, having been recommended to look after a good farcical comedy from the Frenoh, and a collaborateur who knows the ropes, the manager gives him two lagan and says as the daer closes, " That ohap'll come to no good." 