THE DOCrOBS SHOOK TH KIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,00) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of Ko. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, nvar Derby, is n«t fo rich as many, being a gardener, bat he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadnt got. Bere is his story and he.shall tell it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years ago 1 had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away,1 had dreadful pun after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with mj fingers. My chest used to ' fil op' and my throat would swell so that X could not bntton my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly of a ycjlo wish-green phlegm. Lhad a racking cough, and would coaj(h aaR strain till! bled at the nose, and the blood rushed outof my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six we p ks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospi'al, and after attending there for six months was very little better, i got so thin th»t I wa« like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with Inn. For eighteen months J kept retting better, then worse, ainl at "last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I foun<?, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were: full, and I s»w iny club doctor and alao two doctors at Derby. The lirat one said,TOM ore in a galloping consumption and mutt die"; ihe other doctors after sonnding my luniiS and chief, aaid nothing, but *hooh their htads. "•'Gft'tiog a little bettrr my old master allowed TO to do what little I ci-uid in iia gard^nit 'sntU jgiTmnda «óme xtayę I worked ah'ttle, and-would then be away for a few;day«." Things went onJik« tbtsnnbl De-euibcr, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely- I was always coughing and dpi ting upphl-gin, Fometimes as muih as a tea-capful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear Hue phlegm would choke mc. A t this time the whites <if my eyes turned > ellow and my cy- s w<-re Mooilshot. My 1-ps and mouth were dry auH pirelieil, and I often broke out into a c»Id ciammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I cmild keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight iu three weeks. "'I managed tn get up for a few hours at a time, bnt was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and Fitting or lying was never at ease, aud got no it-al rest. Too weak to reai I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and Iwine, and was so nervous I cuuldu't bare the least uoisc, and the children at p'ay qnite upset iue. "The doctor kept on attending me but he said, 'J can. do you, no good; I can only patch you, up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything T could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from 1/mdon that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did me any good and my friends who came to see me said, "Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' '• About the middle of March, 1S89,' a neighbour named Joseph Tathsm who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, " Tom, did you ever try Mother Scigcl's Syrupf and told me how he haa been cured alter being in the hospital. He spoke so mnch in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street. After the first dote I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for thiee days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to get out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who askrd what bad wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, as I tell everyone that Mother Seigel'a Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once and hare never loBt a days work' since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once," but after taking Seigel's Syrup for sw -months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.*' In giving his consent tothe publication of tbia remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetly, Head Gardener. Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey for 22 years and bears an excellent repntatinn. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping jconsumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than, three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint'was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gaatric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, waa used, the disease yielded, as all diseases of tbedigesfwe tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the fscts of hia case to thinking people. 