EASY-CHAIU CHAT. [By Rusticus.] I was at the Town Hall last Saturday at the nomination of candidates for municipal honours. One or two things struck me. The first was the number of late-comers and tbe noise tbey made In walking to tbeir seats. Some people are el ways iate, aud actually make a point of being behind time. They must bave been born late, for their bad babltseemB to ha incurable. But they bpcome a source of positive irritation to all punc. tual people, wbo bave lo Buffer from tbe noise made by squeaky boots of those coming in while proceedings are going on. On Saturday last the late-comers were very numerous, and tbeir bootB — how tbey did squeak ! If we cannot make people punctual, something can be done to lessen tbe noise tbey make. Could uot the Council afford a coil or two of cocoanut matting and place it along the passages of tbe hall ? It is a perfect infliction as it is lo sit aod bave tn listen to tbe noise made on tbe floor instead of wbat la going forwards on tbe platform. Another thing that struck me wbb tbe difficulty which nearly all the can didates experienced In putting their ideas before the meeting. I don't know whether tbe Mayor intended to perpetrate a bit of satire w hen he remarked that in consequence of the number of candidates he would limit them to five minutes each, for tlie sequel showed that scarcely one of tbem was at all equal to talking for five minutes. One of the speakers, however, declared he would take up the five minutes, though be bad not intended doing so. He waa equal to bis word, and a putty kettle nf fish be made of It, He talked for talking sake, end said nothing but wiiat wouia uave been better left unsaid. Amongst other things, he re marked that 'The waterworks was bang ing fire.' I don't know whether he is au Irishman ; If not, he ought to be. Everybody knows that water will put out Are ; hut It Is new to bear that water will hanr/ fire. Whatever abilities the candi dates may possess, tbey certainly oannot he congratulated on the ease witb which tbey express, or rather do not express, themselves. It is a grand thing to have good Ideae ; but (he next grand tblng Is the ability to clearly expreBB tbem. In these days there are so many opportuni ties of learning tn speak that few can make cxcubp, and all our young men should avail themselves of these oppor tunities, and thus prepare fnr tbe day when tbey will bavo to enter upon the re sponsibilities of municipal and polltloal life. Thkre was still a third tblng tbat struck me at tho meeting. At least two nf the candidates made tbe humiliating confession that tbey bad no polloy to set before the electors, for tbe simple reason tbat tbey had taken no interest in muni cipal questions, and consequently knew nothing about them. And all this from aspirants to tbe Counoll board I I thought, end etlll tblnk, tbat euob con fessed Ignoranoe on the part of business meu is no oredlt io us. This clearly shows that many bave no local patriotism, and relegate all responsibility to those wbo may be elected tn tbe chamber. My view of the matter Is tbat tbe citizens as a whole ebould take tbe liveliest Interest In our local parliament, and back up tbe aldermen wben tbey need backing up, or condemn wbeu tbey need condemning. It is to be hoped the elector will read a valuable lesson from reoent proceedings. Local autonomy 1s tbe Ideal of govern ment ; and yet being In posBesBlou of the boon how lightly some make of It 1 Just one otber remark about tbat meeting. I was glad lo bear that iwo of the candidates are prepared tn act upon the Idea I ventilated In this column lately, and If elected will endeavour to secure a free reading-room In connection with our School of Arts. But whether they are elected or not, thn matter ought to be pushed to a successful Issue, I like exactness. Reading the lately' published balance-sheets nf some nf thv Divisional Boards I came to tbe conclu sion Ibat Clerk Parker Is a man after my own heart. The balance In band io con nection with the Granville division was stated to be jd. How flue things are cut la these dull times i But here's tbe sur prise— tbe division of TinBiia has a balnnoe In hand of Id. I Now tbat is too much. Where 1s tbe farthing? Does tbe clerk carry It about with bim, or Is It locked up In tbe Iron safe? But I don't believe there Ib oue. If tbere Ib, I suggest it be placed in our local museum at the Sehool of Arts. In Melbourne tbe otber day a parcel of high class tea from Ceylon was sold Bt 10 guineas a pound. I should like to have a taste of it. But what are things— and especially some kind of teas— comlug to? If people can swallow guineas in tbis way, tbey ought to pay for fbe pri vilege ; and that is tbe reason why tbe Victorian Government are talking about re-impoBing a duty on tea, which duty was remitted at tbe beginning of the year. The Bcienoe Association, which bas just concluded Its sittings in Tas mania, passed a resolution in favor of tbe cremation of tbe dead, and therefore against tbe present mode of burial. Of course, cremation Is not a new Idea. It is a very old one ; but it is now being ad vooated in many places. In large ceutres of population tbe present practioe of dis posing of the dead is a menace to public health ; and out of consideration for the liolncr Iho nnanttnn nf APom niinn in Of.. enming increased Importance. Custom and prejudice are bard to Bill, but wben one's life depends ou tbe killing, it might aa well be done. We don't know bow poou we may be in a position to place tbe ashes of our dead In a silver urn on tbe maullepiece, or carry tbem about in our waistcoat pocket. The kanaka labour question has risen from tbe dead, and Is etalklng about tbe land like a veritable ghost. At tbe eight of it, some are awfully scared and are making strenuous efforts to send It back to its sepulohre. But it refuses to go, and is being welcomed aud eutertafned and asked to remain by many more. Why cannot people look at kanaka labour in its true light? If sugarcane cannot be grown H'iilioot labour otber than tbat of white— and lbe great majority of people seem to agree Ibat Itcannot— tbe question simply resolves itself Into this—' Are we to bave tbe cane and thn kanaka, or shall we do without both ?' If wbite men am do the work, why don't tbey. For two reaBons — (list, because tbey ao not like it ; and second, because tbey would not be satisfied with tbe wages tbe sugar-grower bas to give. Can anything be substituted for sugar wblcb will em ploy white labour? If not, is It not a dag-in-thn-manger policy to oppose kanaka labour and crush an Industry tbat bas done so much for the colony and wblcb Is likely to do more., A suggestion bas bean made in Eng. land tbat Iu consequence of the number of women in tbat country wbo can by no possibility get husbands tbey should set sail for Australia, where men are sighing with opaa arms tn reoeive them. And tbere is much truth in tbis. Tbe single girls wbo come out to these colonies are, bs a rule, very soon mated. A few years ago tbe New South Wales Government, In order to meet tbe demand for servant girls, bad brought out a shipload of girls once a month ; and tbe arrival of those girlB, and tbe eager desire on the part of uibuuiio ui «ukb|(o tueui, WBHUue ui iu« sights of Sydney. It was found, how ever, tbat Instead of the great demand being met it rather increased ; and on Inquiry being made tbe fact came out that tbe girls soon found fairly Well-to- do husbands and tbat they wanted girls themselves. What took place next door Is laklug place here I suppose, for I know one youug lady who came out to Queens land bad four offers of marriage In bb many montbs. But wbat about our Australian girls, I am sure some of them are anxiously waiting. May tbey all get tbe men tbey want. 