"HOW UH AIL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION r Xoir, which is Ihr morse-to liare, ito ii/)/j, tit? for your dinner, or to halt ito iliiuia* for your appetite ¡ There are lois of people on thc one side ru- the oilier of this question. When "gura! digestion waits on appetite and health en both," that is thc idrul altitude of a perron, towards his meals. But most of ns are nol blessed in that way : we either hare too lunch food without an appetite, or a vigorous a¡.¡:e tilc without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question dilferently, j rf the common sense of il is thal, within rcavm alilc limits, it is belter to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the star- vation line, a hungry mini isa healthy man ; whereas a mau who ought to cat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in Hoed of "altera- tions and repairs." To illustrate. Wc recently received a com- munication in which tho writer says, " I was afraid lo eat." Did he fancy his toad was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against thc nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why V Let him clear thc mystery himself. Ile says, " lu thc year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and tlaui all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; thc palate, to put it in that way, appealed to have uothiug to say to them. One diing was like another, aud none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur around it. My breath was offousivc and my appetite poor, with pains through thc chest ami shoulders, which were always riglut before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so il felt like a ball in my throat, and oct os if it would choke me." Wc cannot wonder that under these eircum* stances our friend failed to rio justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation"at his heart, as though it were touched with some shari; in- strument. Then, again, at times he HHS attacked with spasms, ¿lie ago H y of which was so severe that tile sweat lulled off kim. " I dreaded " he says, " the thou/fht of eat- ing, and many a scanty meal haue I made, for I wan afraid to tai" "After a time I got into a.low, weak, nervous condition, and felt misercii/ie, as if something was goiug to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by thc fear of " some tl,in" goiug to happen " is, ot course. Ibo fear of some calamity, such as thc loss of his posi- tion, his own death, or thc death of some- body dear to him. This was due, ut. lie intimates, to the impoverished state or bk blood (thc lifo bearer), his unstrung Helves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourish- ment. Thc night nf this form of il)ncr- is always full of ghosts and goblins, thc creat urus of a restless aud ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," ho says, "I stuck ' to my work, for I had a wife ¡md family dc-< pending on mc. Ho I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years ia past my powers of description. / am s-ire m OIK has suffered so much as I hare done." In thc latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's one pain is ono's own, and is always harder lo bear than is ono's notilm of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who arc all the while going tin «ugh the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. « Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case ixnetly Itke his own having heel cured by Mother Seigcl's Syrup. .My wife," h > snys, "got ms a bottle ut Mr. fjangstoiTV, in IVoodlesforri, and after using itsroiiletür: (hw ailment left mc and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like flip whole world to know what it did for-me. I lui ve been employed by thc Midland Hallway Com- pany for eleven years. (Sigued) " GEOPJ!E HUNT, " Car Bottom Raid, " Appcrley Bridge, nour Tiende." Wc publiait this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of thc wond at least may know how thankful he is and for nl.at reason. 