A Little Red Crutch. GRANDMA'S RAINY-DAY STORY OF A PATIENT LITTLE SUFFERER. 44 The woretof it is," said Nanette, 44 that there isn't any garretto this house." Nauettte was leaning on the parlor win dow, polling the lace curtains very much awry, and looking disconsolately out into the wet si root. 4.' I don'tmind rainy days in story-books." continued the small philosopher, " because there are always garrets in story-books, always, and little girls find the loveliest things in them when it rains— old Uces, and skeletons, and things." 14 Skeletons I" ejaoulated the listener at the other window. 44 My, Nan ! should you like to find a skeleton. I'm rather glad we haven't any garret, if skeletons live In garrets. But I tell you what," lowering her voice mysteriously, and coming over, to et&nd; ou the same long-suffering curtain that Han was abusing, 44 there -is a little jhut-up place in this house that must have something awful in it.'1 The 4 little shut- up place" was a closet in the third story hack room. A gabled roof made irregularities in the room, and one of them developed into a dark oloset. 44 But it's looked," objeoted Nanette. 44 No, itfan't. I pulled it open, one day, just a wry little way/' 44 And what was inside?" 44 Nothing," confessed the discoverer, 44 except dost and darkness. But I didnlt go in, you know. I wouldn'tfor anything." Tho ntxc minute two slim little figures might have been seen— they ' copld --not be heard— stealiug-up iheQueen Aune stairway. Tiptoeing and . covering up iaaghing lips aud pinching each other, they reached' the third story back room, and atood before, the closed door. - But it wa pot an obstinate door, and the small, cunning fingers soon had it open. Darknef« and dust, indeed, plenty of both, and nothing else to be seen. 44 Would you be-afaud to go in, Kan?" 44 No, indeed; 'fraidof what?" 44 Would you go back to the very darkest end?" Nan insisted that she would. 44 Well, then, doit," dared the other, and sturdy Kan plunged into total eclipse. She oame book to the cheerful light of day with great alacrity, covered with dust, of course- eyes full, nose and mouth ditto, apron looking like Cinderella's, and something in her hand. Winking her dusty lashes, she held up her discovery. . It was a little red orutoh. Downstairs they clattered, with noise enough to make up for their silent ascent the little crutch bobbing along each step as they flew down to grandmother's room. The look that came into grandma's eyes, when the cratch, vas held up, was veiy much the look Anita would hare shown if the skeletop had been found indeed, or & ghost. There was clearly something to tel),andasa story on this wet aay would be even more de lightful than finding & skeleton, the dear old lady was at once put In a state of siege, the crutch and two little girls sitting down obstiuately before her. 41 One breezy day," said grandma, surren dering at discretion, 44 a little girl went out to the barn to swing." (to de continued.) 