THE WALTER BENTLEY SEASON. Early this morning should see the arrival of Mr. Walter Bentley, the well- known star, together with Miss Laura Hansen, the young English actress, and the company that has supported them in Sydney and Newcastle. By wire we learn that a very great house bade farewell to them in Newcastle, and the audience rose en sK/s and cheered Mr. Bentley at the conclusion of the performance. Altogether, Mr. Bentley's tour of Australasia has been attended with splendid success, and gathering from the bookings hero one of the biggest audiences that has assembled in the Opera House for some considerable time may be expected to-night. The company will arrive per Eurimbla, and at 2 o'clock this afternoon a reception will be held by the Queensland Scottish Association in honour of Mr. Bentley. This evening the pipers will perform in the vestibule of the theatre previous to curtain rising on the production of " Hamlet." The English Press is very eulogistic regarding Mr. Bentley's impersonation of the Danish Prince, which we understand is a new and most interesting reading. The Leeds Daily News says, " From first to last, Mr. Bentley's acting was most impressive, and it seems as though, from the scene with his father's ghost when his heart appeared wrung with agony-to the last scene of all, when he dashes all obstacles aside and strikes the King dead, his passion and power increase with each scene." The Birmingham Post remarks that "Mr. Bentley secured a triple recall after the play scene, and throughout the play evinced careful study combined with rare powers of execution. His condition of Hamlet stamps him as an actor of great rank." The Scotsman in its comments makes mention that Mr. Bentley's is an intellectual and forcible impersonation of Hamlet. The play scene was worked up to a wild outburst of excitement, in which the actor remained muster of his resources. The London Telegraph says : " He has a fine stage presence, a well-built frame, and a handsome expressive face, and the same thoughtful realism that characterises Mr. Irving, with whom he has been associated so long. . . . He is consistently'admirablo." Of his New Zealand tour a Dunedin critic writes : " Mr. Bentley is equally at home both in comedy and tragedy, while the company has been selected with the view of producing the most varied programmes as thoroughly as if the plays had been especially cast from the ranks of the cleverest actors to be found in the colonies. Who will ever forgot Mr. Bentley's weird and exciting portrayal of Mathias the Burgomaster in the great play The Bells, a piece in which Henry Irving made his fame, Then his hamlet ! It was a masterpiece of oratory and facial play, and to think that the same man should be able to set the whole house in roars of laughter by his inimitable performances of David Garrick and Jock Howieson. The drunken scene in Garrick, ' from our point of view, has never been equalled in the Southern hemisphere. Mr. Bentley was leading man with Henry Irving for three years, and has certainly caught the spirit, the creative ability that conceives at a glance the most trivial piece of stage business, that has done so much in building up the reputation of that great master of stage craft." The production of "Hamlet" at the Opera House to-night pro- mises to be a rare dramatic success. 