MELBOURNE NOTES. (By D. M. M). Tha attendance at Plomington on Tuesday and the cheerful way in which the well dressed throng paddled amongst the mud of the lawn and paddock, or the persistency with which the " flatters" stuck to their positions under umbrellas for hours, while the rain came down with doggedness and steadiness must have proved, beyond a douht; if suoh proof had been necessary, how muoh the average Victorian believes in horse racing. Since the year in which Assyrian annexed the great stake there has been no such downpour on Cup day. The rain was hardly so heavy as in the Assyrian year, but itwas quite enough to make things feel unpleasant for anyone capable of feeling horse racing unpleasant under any considera tions. The rain was advantageous from two points of view. It was hailed by some as very beneficial to the farmer, and it gave the multitude, whose " fancies" did not show in the race a way of escape from the position of having no judgment at all. The rain, of course, prevented the favorites from having the ghost of a show, while it played into the hands of rank outsiders. At the same time, no matter what kind of weather prevails, the M elboumo Oup has always been, and I fancy always will be a very open race. There is too muoh money involved in the stake and the bots trainers and owners may make for the preoiie condition and ability of a horse to become publio property. I hardly care to mention it, but docs it not seem as it the members of the Mel bourne North presbytery had suddenly taken their eyes off John Knox and fallen into the stream whioh carries aton; the great crowd. For years the Presbytery, as if in protest against for the great race for tho } Oup, has held its meeting on Oup day, as if determined that at least ton righteous men should bo found in the city, On Tuesday last, however, the attendance during the fore noon Jbccame so small that one minister sug gested tho adjournment of the presbytery. Where wore the absentees 1 The Y.M.O.A. picnic had gone long before tho meeting. Oan wo therefore doubt where tho reverend gentlemen must have gone. I have put tho question to several sporting people and their opinion is that tho absentees could havo gone no whore ol-io than to Flomington ! Tho first news wliioh was circulated to-day was of the death at an early hour in tho morn ipg of Sir James Macbain, President of tho Legislative Oouncil who lias boon ill for some weeks and has bean given up by tho doctors. By this death Victoria has lost a genuino good citizen who for many years hns boon identified with most cf hor publio move ments. Many years ago Sir James was one of the members of the Legislative Assembly but for some considerablo timo ho has boon a member of and presidont of tho upper branoh of tho Legislative. He did the honors as presidont of the last Exhibition and filled the position with mueh oredit to himself. The divorco proceedings in the case of Parkor v Parker aro still boing prepared. Tho petitioner accuses his wife of habitual drunkennoss and neglecting hor family duties, and to this sho makes a distinat donial, while it is stated sho intonds to charge her husband with misconduct. So much pub licity has boon given to facts relating to Mrs Parkor that tho case when it comes on is certain to bo interosting. Tho bill to cut down tho salaries of mom borsof the oivil sorvico passod its second read ing on Thursday and was carried partly through council, but although tho foolings of tho House was largely in favour, a small knot of politicians waxed vory warm in opposition una headed by Sir Bryan O'Loghlon protes ted strongly ngaiiiRt wimt they considered a groat injustice. I don't think this fooling is ontortainod largoly by tho publio servants j thoinaolvos, I 