A REAL GHOST. A lawyer and a bishop were talking, i this was the manner of their talk. "Ibwi become thoroughly convinced," said tbe lawyer, of the existence of nocturnal i tions, for I have seen one 1 "Dear itT exclaimed the bishop, "lam very carim relate the story." "I will, my lord, I said the lawyer. "It was betireen tk hours of eleven and twelve. I btd gone to bed, and was just falling into my first comfortable sleep, when I was awakened by a strange creaking noise. It sonnded as if someone was walking up stairs! The steps sounded nearer and nearer, eloirer and slower ; solemn and measured they were, and presently they halted at my door. 1 drew the sheet over my head, and lay then trembling, not daring to move. "Something," continued the lawyer, " entered mj room, and threw the sheet over my face. I felt rather than say a faint glimmering light. I could not move at first, bat I presently managed to gaiu a little cosnge. I drew the sheet cautiously down from m; face, and—looked !" " Well!" cried the bishop, excitedly. " In the tbi centre of the room," said the lawytr, slowly, "stood a tall old man. fie seemed gaunt and worn with age or hunger, and his long grey beard hang halfway down his breast. He was dressed iE • queer loose cleak with a cape, and wore a broad leather band about hid waist. In out hand he held a peculiarly-shaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strange ghostly shadows on the v&U; behind him. In the other hand he held a stall, tbe look of which was nnpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor, looking at me. Presently I said, " Whence art thon! What dost thou require?" "And what did he say!" cried the bishop, fixing his eyes npon tie odd expression of the lawyer's face. "BE said"—replied the lawyer, speaking in » hoarse whisper—"h« said" "I beg y pardon, snr. I'm the watchman of lie street, sur; an' I thought 'twould be best for me, sur, to come up an' tell yer that yer front door stood open 1 If yt do be lavio' it that way, sur, it's tad luck ye'll hare before the morain'!" 