"THE WAY OF LIFE" Many persons nave been induced to subscribe to the Educational and other work carried on by the Ritualistic Sister hoods at St. Augustine's, Kilburn, in the belter that these ladies are engaged in promoting the cause of Education, and in charitable efforts for the benefit of the poor in connection with the National Church. The supporters of the Sisterhoods are evidently unaware that under this out ward work of charity the Kilburn Sisters are actively endeavouring to propagate Romish doctrines, and teaching, as set forth in the writings of members of the Ritualistic party who profess to be in communion with the Established Church. The teaching is forcibly illustrated in the books placed in the hands of the young people receiving instruction in the Sunday and Day Schools conducted by these Sisters, in connection with St. Augustine's. One of these books, " The Way of Life," was recently given by one of the Sisters to a young girl who was about to be confirmed. This girl was directed by this Sister that she was not to give this book to her parents. She did not give it to her parents, but placed it in the hands of the local Secretary of the Protestant Alliance. This book, " Compiled by a Priest," is " Edited by the Rev. T. T. Carter," who was appointed in 1865 Warden of the notorious Anglican Sisterhood of Clewer (members from which have gone over to the Church of Romo), and who is a Hon. Canon of Christ Church, Oxford. The Church , is duly held up in this work aB having authority to define mat ters of belief and ceremonial. It directs the communicant to say, p. 88 : — " More over I believe that in the Blessed Sacra ment Thon giveBt Thyself to us with all Thy treasures, and giveBt us a pledge of eternal life. I believe that there cannot be a greater happiness than to receive Thee worthily, nor a greater misery than to receive Thee unworthily. All this I most steadfastly believe, because Thou teacheat it to us by Thy word and by Thy Church." To enforce farther the Church's authority, this book;: commends as "/Doc trine ana Instruction " obedience to the ; " Precepts of the Church." These Pre cepts are set forth, p. 3, as follows:— " (1). To observe the Festivals and Holy- days appointed." " (2). To keep the fasting days with devotion and abstinence. " (3). To observe the Ecclesiastical Customs and Ceremonies established, and that without fro- wardneBs or contradiction." " (4). To repair unto the publio Service of the Ohurch of Matins and Evensong, with other holy Offices, at, times , appointed, unless there be a just and unfeigned cause to the contrary." " (5).- To receive the Blessed Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Gebist with frequent devotion, and three times a veir'at least, of whioh timeB Easter to be always one. And for better prepara tion thereunto, as occasion, is, to . disburden and quiet our consciences of those sins which may grieve us or soruples that may trouble ub, to a learned and discreet Priest, and from him to receive advice and the benefit of absolution." This inculcation of Auricnlar Confes sion to a Priest is elaborately set forth at pages, 106, 107, et seq. of this work. The penitent is there instructed to examine himself, or herself, by the Ten Command ments. It is directed If you are about to confess to a Priest, call up your sins since your last Confession, and accuse yourself of them, one by one, note them down that your Confession may be full and faithful," and the penitent is re quired to bring to mind all the places where he or she has been, " the chapel, bedroom," etc., and to "trace out any thing that made the sin worse, as com mitting it after Confirmation, or Com munion, or Confession." The instructions for self-examination by the Ten Commandments are skilfully adopted to enhance the authority of the Church and the power of the Priesthood. Under the Second Commandment, which, it will be recollected, forbids the making of graven images and idolatry, the penitent is instructed to ask himself or herself — " Have I remembered that the Church is God's House, and behaved well there? " " Have I gone to the places of Worship of those who dissent from the Church ? " " Have I kept from Confession when my conscience told me to go? Havel performed the penance given to me in, Confession carefully, and followed the' Priest's advice ? " ' ! It may well be asked— What has jail this to say to the sin of idolatry ? " Rut in! the instructions for self- examination which; follow under the same Commandment (the second) it would seem that the sin of idol atry of the wafer God is well borneinmind and even commanded. The penitent is directed to ask himself, or herself — " Have I after communicating been thoughtless of Christ's Presence within nie? Have I failed to receive the Com munion fasting when I waB able ?" The self-examination prescribed under: the Third Commandment is specially directed to inculcate Sacerdotalism. ; The penitent is instructed to ask himself, or herself: — "Have I turned the Clergy, or any thing done in Church, into ridicule? Have I failed in respect for the Office of the Priesthood ?" Here we may ask : Are the ' Clergy ' or the ' Priesthood ' Gods ? and are words spoken disrespectfully of them the ' taking of God's name in vain ? Again, under the Fourth Command ment, directing the observance of the Sabbath, penitents are instructed to ex amine themselves as follows : — " Have I observed the Festivals of the Church as far as I was able ?" " Have I kept the Fasts of the Ohurch aB far as I was able, by acts of Belf-denial and abstinence ?" But, we ask : What has this to do with keeping holy the Sabbath day ? And is not this the " teaching for doctrines of the commandments of men P" Under the Fifth Commandment, com manding to " Honour thy Father and Mother," penitents are required to ask themselves : — " Have I made sport of idiots or persons of weak intellect ?"— And under the Sixth, which forbids the commission of murder, they are told to ask themselves : — " Have I been cruel to animals ?" Under the Seventh Commandment, in structions for Belf-examination are given with reference to " impure thoughts, in decent conversation, songs, and jests, drawing or looking at indecent objectB, writing indecent words or committing in decent actions, alone, or with others," in structions sufficiently suggestive of evil, and all in preparation for the purpose of confession to a fellow man — a priest. : Following closely the words of the Church of Rome, this work of Canon Carter's given the following "Form of Sacramental Confession." " In tbe name + of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. " " I confess to God the Father.. Almighty, to His Only-begotten Son Jesus Christ, and to God the Holy Ghost, before the whole Company of Heaven, and.to you my Father, that I have sinned exceedingly in thought, word, and deed, by my fault by my own fault, by my most grievous fault. Espeoiallyl accuse myself that (sinoe my last Confession, whioh was ago) I have sinned." The in structions then go on to say " After you have confessed all that you oan ; remember, say":— r' " For these and all my other sins which I cannot now remember, I am heartily sorry, firmly purpose amendment, most humbly ask pardon of God; and of you my Spiritual Father, penanoe, counsel, and absolution, &o.;" Arc we not told iu Scripture, that God alone can forgive Bins, and'has not our Lord directed us " to call no man Father upon earth, for one is our Father, which is in Heaven "? Canon Carter, in this work, "The Way of Life," frequently commends the invocation of the advocacy of the Virgin Mary, of Saints, and of Angels. In pp. 12, 13, 14, 19 and 20 we find forms of such devotions. The firet runs as fol lows: — " May the intercessions of the Holy Mother of God, of the Prophets, of the Holy Apostles, of the Martyrs, help mo ! May all the Saints and Elect of God pray for me !" eto. " May the Holy Angels, especially ray own Guardian, keep watoh around me thoughout this day, to protect me against the assaults of the' evil one, to suggest to me holy thoughts, to defend me against all dangers, to lead me in the perfect way of peaoe, and to bring me safe, at length, to to my homo in Heaven !" How can any parson feel assured that the Virgin Mary, .or the Saints, or the Angels, can hear these prayers addressed to them by Romanists, and their copyists, from all parts of the World at the same instant? Is the Virgin Mary, and are the Saints and Angels, possessed of the powers of Omniscience or of Omni presence, which are the attributes of God alone ? The chief Subject of Instruction which pervades Canon Carter's pages is a belief in the Sacramental System. In accord ance with the teaching of the Church of Rome, Canon Carter upholds the belief in Seven Sacraments. " Tbe two Greater Sacraments generally necessary to Sal vation" are, as he states : — " Holy Baptism," by which Canon Carter affirms "We are set free from : original or birth Bin, and are born again -to a new life in Christ." ! But, Canon Carter teaches in " The Way of Life," that in the Eucharist a Sacrifice is offered up for tbe remission of . sin. In page 84 tho Communicant is in structed to pi'ay, " May this Holy Sacri fice which I, though unworthy, have joined in offering up in Thy sight, be acceptable to Thy Divine Majesty, and through Thy mercy plead for the pardon of my sins, and those of all for whom it has been, offered."— And, again, in page 72, Canon. Carter " instructs " Communicants, that " by the prayer of Consecration the Body and Blood , of Christ, the actual Sacrifice of which He Himself made once for all. by His death upon the Cross, and the Euchariatic Sacrifice of which He makes through His priests as often as in this Holy Sacrament they do show the Lord's Death till He come." — This offering up of a Sacrifice is explicitly taught throughout the book. It is fully set forth ret pp. 5, 29, 49, 60, 80, 91, and 94. It is moreover plainly taught that this Sacrifice is offered up for the remission of Sin, and not only for the sins of the living but of tbe dead. In page 49, the Com-, municant is instructed to pray, " I desire to offer this Sacrifice for obtaining pardon, and remission of all my sins," &c.;, " aud that such as are dead in the Lord may rest in peace and hope." — In the " In struction,". page 60, it is taught, that " The priest prays too, that through the Sacrifice of the Eucharist now being offered it would please God to bless the whole Church, both living and departed." In page 78, under the ; heading of " Devotions for Holy Com munion, after the prayer of Consecra tion," a prayer is given for " Commemora tion of the Departed." And, page 80, a lengthened "Instruction" is set forth, which states, amongst other matters, that "The Sacrifice of the EuchariBt is an offering for the departed as well as the living." Canon Carter further instructs the Communicants, p. 72, that Christ is present in this Sacrament, and there . to be worshipped. He writes, " Our Lord is coming to you in the Holy Communion," , and he directs, "When the priest says the Words of, Consecration, bow your, head aud worship and adore Our Lord! Jesus Christ, Who comes then to be present on the Altar, though we Bee Him not, under the forms of Bread and; Wine."— Iu page 3 the Communicants: are instructed " to bow their heads in the: prayer of Consecration in the Communion ; Service ... in order to worship and adore Our Lord Jesus ChriBt, for then HiB Body and His Blood are present oft. I fie 3£itar, tinder the form of Bread and Wine;" : In page 91, in the " Litany ' of Our Lord present in the Holy Eucharist," #e also find .this prayer, " Jegu . . . yrho . deigne'st .v.to be worshipped and adored by us on our Altars, have . mercy upon us." ..-The Doctrine of the Beal Presence pervades the entire work. It is set forth in passages too numerous to quote; but it is distinctly taught that by partaking of the . Sacrament Eternal Salvation is obtained. In page 5 we read that the ' Holy Communion endows with im mortality the bodies of those who receive it." In page 50 we read, in an introduc tion to the Communion Service, " Body of Christ, Bave me! Blood of Christ, inebriate me!" In page 62 the Com municant is instructed to pray dnriDg the Communion Service, " Grant that this Oblation may promote my everlasting salvation " and further on, " We Offer unto. Thee. O Lord, the Cup of Sal vation." In page 88, in making an " Act of Eaith during the Service, " the Com municant is instructed to say, " I believe that in this Blessed Sacrament Thou givest us a pledge of eternal life ; " and in page 96 the Communicant ib taught to pray, " That we may bo worthily eat this Bread and drink this Cup that we hunger no more, nor thirst any more, nor die eternally." To facilitate the performance of illegal services, the Cathedrals and Churches of tfie National Anglican Communion have been, in many instances, fitted up in strict conformity - to the idolatrous edificeB for worship erected by the Church of Borne. A notable example is afforded by the Cathedral at Truro, con secrated on the 4th November, 1887. According to the Beport published in the English Ohurchman, November 10th, 1887, " two so-called ' altars ' have been erected in the Cathedral with most of the adjuncts required for the due celebration of MaBS. At the Consecration the sermon was preached by the Archbishop of Canterbury, who stated in his dis course " that the worship of this beautiful house must be beautiful. It must give the full and tender music of that Prayer- book which — while Missal and Breviary have become the private devotions of priests . . . — is becoming the Prayer- book of the world "—See Guardian, Nov ember 9tb, 1887. . In the Parish Magazine for St. Matthias,- Earl's Court, Kensington, in the number for May, 1891, we find, p. 7, the following notice, " Anniversary '.Festival of C. B. S. — Corpus ChriBti Day, Thursday, 28th May 1891. Wanted, Assistants to take part in the High Mass at 11 a.m. on the above day, aB Crucifiers, AcolyteB, Banner-bearers, &c.; — Protestant Alliance. 