ON THE MURDERER'S TRAIL. EXTRAORDINARY ROMANCE OF CRIME. WHO WAS ALBERT WILLIAMS? GOING BACK ON HIS LIFE'S HISTORY. ROBBING THE SOUTH AFRICAN MAIL CART IN 1877. HOW FIVE THOUSAND SOVE REIGNS DISAPPEARED. A CHAPTER OF THRILLING ADVENTURES. SOME STRANGE REVELATIONS The Windsor (Vic.) murder is the sensation of the hour. Tho discovery of the mutilated body of a woman beneath a hearthstone, half buried in cement, has caused a thrill of horror throughout Australia. Talking to a press repre sentative in tho city of Melbourne about the disappearance of the mur derer. and the strange developments of the crime, one of the detectives engaged uu uiu case vouiureu inc reraarK that '? when this man i3 caught and his life's history is revealed, people will have occasion to remark that 4 truth is stranger than fiction.' The full extent of the information in the hands of the police people do not know ; but it would seem from the revelations of tho past day or two, coupled with still further information now in our possession of a still more startling character, that Wil liams, tho murderer of his newly-wedded bride, is an accomplished robber as well as an assassin. His life appears to have been singularly eventful, and full of the most thrilling incidents. Instead of the awful tragedy of Christmas Day last in the little cottage in Andrews street, at Windsor, being his first in cursion into the realms of criminal ad venture, it iB becoming more and more apparent, as the mystery of the man's nnat. lifo io non-*f»«a+a/1 episode was but one of the culminating incidents of a life of crime that has run its allotted span, and is now gradually but surely drawing to a close. The story that has been laid before us is OF A MORE STARTLING NATURE than auy already chronicled. It goes back IT) years and the scenes are all laid in South Africa, at a time when the diamond fever was raging ancl the Russo Turkish War was nearing its close. In Capo Colony in 1877 three boxes con taining 5000 sovereigns were one day mysteriously abs' ranted from n mail cart travelling between Kingwilliamstown and Gruhanistown. The gold belouged to the Standard bank, and was taken to a hotel in lvingwilliauistown, whence the mail started, and here placed in tho vehicle by Mr. Pointing, manager of tlje hostelry, in the presence the bank officials. One of them mounted the box with the driver, aud all went well until a certain half-way turnpike was reached, when tho bills of lading had to be scrutinised, nnd tho contents of the vehicle examined. Then it was found flint the gold was not on board. It had disappeared in somo unaccountable manner ; but how or where it had gon.e remained a mystery for somo time after, ft was policed that at about this tlmo a seafaring engineer named ' bully' WILLIAMS was knocking about Kingwilliamstown, and in such a way as to excite sus picion in the minds of the police, for ho had no ostensible means of support, though he represented himself as being connected with a big engineering firm in England. He lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the owner of the place being at the time in the old country, having left Pointing to look after his interests during his absence. Pointing and Williams were fast friends, and the fact that Pointing evidently knew some thing of how the money had disappeared, brought suspicion on both men alike. There was no dircct evidence upon which either could be arrested, and so it was decided to keep them both under close surveillance. Williams began to find this sort of thing rather disagreeable and determined to put some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as soon as possible. But his time for departure had not yet arrived. He resolved to put up with the risk a little longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of sharing in the spoil. The police at last DETERMINED TO ACT DOLDLY AGAINST POINTING, fearing that he would sooner or later give them the slip. So they pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused him of the robbery : and he, taken back with the suddenness of the charge, tacitly admitted he was a party to the deed. The bank, more anxious for the monoy than the vindication of the law, gave the thief to understand that if he would only lead them to the place where the coin was ' planted,' they would not prosecute him. He reluctantly consented. The money, he told them, had been planted in a sand hill near the town. There were several such hills, but he conld not tell then exactly which one. Two policemen, a bank official, and Pointing set out for the concealed treasure, and Pointing led them up one hill and down another till darkness came on, and they were all tired, and tho 5000 sovereigns were as far away as ever. For several days after the search was. renewed, but with no better result. Pointing had changed his mind. Williams had found an opportunity of persuading him that it would be much better to risk a term of imprisonment, and have the money when he came out, than give up the money,- and perhaps have to go to gaol after all. The hotel manager was at last placed on his trial. The evidence brought against him was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and, much to his disgust, he left the court to SERVE A SENTENCE OF THREE YEARS' IMPRISONMENT. The position grew altogether too un comfortable for Williams now. The eyes of the police were on him every where. It was know that he had played an important part in the robbery, and he knew he was suspected. While Point ing was on his trial, Williams assured him he would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his in carceration, that he would wait till lie came out again, and that then they could lift the ' plant,' leave the country, and SAIL FOR AUSTRALIA WITH THE £5000. At any rate, Pointing asserted on his liberation that such an understanding did exist between them, and how Williams on his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning, after the hotel manager had begun to serve his sentence, a mysterious disappearance was reported. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no one could say when he had taken his departure. He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could be found. Nothing more was heard of him till about nine months later, when a queer-looking little man, evidently disguised, got off the coach at Kingwilliamstown. No one knew who the visitor was, and as so many people were going and coming to the diamond fields he did not excite more than ordinary notice. The little man was none other than ' Bully ' Williams, who had RETURNED FOR THE 'SWAd' WHEN THE COAST WAS CLEAR. He found it where it was planted in the sand, and laden with sovereigns, he made his way back as quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of East London it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave a great spree at one of the hotels, got all his old acquaint ances round him, and after a really merry time of it, he sailed for London. The gentleman who has supplied us with this information was at the time a prominent resident of East London, and his bona fides are undoubted. He knew Williams well, and all about him, and has no doubt that the man who com mitted the Windsor murder, and the accqmplice of Pointing in the South African gold robbery, are ONE AND THE SAME PERSON. Williams was for some years an en gineer on one of the Union Company's Cape mail boats. When at East Lon don ho had to leave the vessel, it was supposed, through a row with tho men, who could not stand his arrogant dis position. He was known among sea faring men as 'Bully' Williams, be cause of the constant swagger ho as sumed, and his notoriously aggressive manner. When Pointing got out of gaol he went back to Kingwilliamstown, to get the money he and Williams had planted, but found to his sorrow that Williams, who had promised to wait for him, had been thore be fore him. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail cart PUT IN DUMMY 110XES INSTEAD, the bauk officials who were standing by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams's favorite topic of conversa tion on board the Kaiser Wilhelm was ' My travels in South Africa,' where ho alleged he had made a fortune and ' Spent it like a man, sir.' 