CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The BisHbp Of Adelaide cdebrated the Holy Communion in Sb. Peter's Cathedral at 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, subsequent to which prayer waB held, while at half-past 10 a choral celebration wae held, and his lordship gave an address IromSb, John ivx. 2 verse. A memorial children's service was arranged for the afternoon, when the bishap again occupied the pulpit, and the representatives of the various Sunday-schools and institutions pre sented their offerings. In the evening Canon Green preached an eloquent sermon bom Isaiah, 60 chap., 13 verse. On all occa sions there were large congregations present, while the choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. M. Dunn (organist), gave a fine rendering of the morning choral service, and also of the 'Hallelujah chorus,' which closed the devo tions of the evening. The offerings which, with the amount of £30 promised bytbe bishop and the deacons on the condition that the total aggregated £1,000, amounted -to £986 16s. 3d;, were contributed as follows :— Wednesday (St. Peter's Bay), £163 0s. 6d.; Sunday, 8 o'clock eexvioe, £101 2i 3d.; half- pasb 10 ser vice, £262 3s. lOd.; half-past 3 service, £258 lls. Sd.; evening service, £lfl 18s. 53. Among the offerings was one small nugget of gold. The quarterly meeting of the Bible Christian Church, Bnrra and Hallett circuits, was held on Wednesday, June 29, at the residence of Mr. G. Hiles, Mount Bryan. The chairman of the district (the Eev. B. C. Yeoman) pre sided over a large gathering. The report was vary gratifying, as the receipts for the quarter ?were sufficient to meet the expenditure. Messrs. J. Snell, Kooringa, and J. Wise, Hallett, were appointed circuit stewards. The quarterly meeting of the Mount Lofty cbenit was held at .Forest-road on Wednesday, June 29. There was a good attendance. The Bev.J. Dingle (pastor) presided. The statistics ehowed that 24 had been admitted daring the quarter, two dropped, two removed, 37 on trial, 169 fall members. The receipts were al few pounds more than the disbursements. Brothers J. T. Bojjere and Thomas Oliver were reap pointed circuit stewards. The pastor reported that a request has been sent to the Sunday schools in the vicinity for a written report to be sent to the Christmas quarterly meeting to enable the meeting to forward a correct statement to the district meeting. The quarterly meeting of the Port Elliot Bible Christian Church was held at Mr. Wood's, Port Elliot. The Eev. J. Dingle, chairman of the district, presided. The atten dance was fairly good. The meeting was of a high tone spiritually, but the finances were no ?way equal to the demands. Bros. Wood and Henley were reappointed circuit _ stewards. .Arrangements were made for special services during September. The statistics showed that tome had been added daring the quarter to therolL A consecration meeting, oondncted by the Sev. John Watef ord, of Melbourne, was held in the Pirie-street Wesleyan leoture-hall on Saturday evening, there being a good atten dance. Short addresses on 'Sanetofieatxon' ?were given by the Kern James Watsford, S. Mead, J. B. Stephenson, and J. E. Bradbury, ?and the meeting frequently joined in prayer. There were large congregations in the Pirie ?streefc Church on Sunday, both morning and -evening, when Mr. Watsford preached re vivalistic addresses of a stirring character. He ?etwee for his morning text 'They ware all filled with the Holy Ghost' (Acts, ii. 4). He remarked that the {Spirit took full possession of the Apostles, purging them from ill Bin, for its entrance was as a baptism of fire. When they were filled with the Holy Ghost they, truly loved in a spiritual sense, while as to the power it gaye them — 30,000 persons were converted in a single day. He asked, are we of to-day filled with the epiitof the^Holy Ghost also, and what will satisfy as of the present? Would,the command or the promise of God be sufficient? He then gave both the promise and the command, showing that we might possess this spirit. The rev. gentleman then dealt with the time . when this could bo received, which is now, for when Christ said 'Any man who is athirsb, let him come onto Me and drink,' that meant at the present time. Tfia second text was from Revelations, chapter 3, -verSe 20, 'Behold I stand at the door and knock,' which he divided into two parts, deal ing with the power Christ hadand his wish to «ava men's souls and the appropriate means betook to accomplish this end. The-Master ?waaknockingat the hearts of the unsaved, of the ainner, the backslider, and of thelnkewarm pro fessor of faith. He knocked tenderly, patiently, lovingly. If the heart opened and the man .surrendered his soul he was saved, and any might open the door because if they wished to -do so nothing could stay them, bat if they did not desire to do so nothing could compel them. Opening the door meant happiness and reciprocal delight. The revival meeting held after evening service was largely attended and very (successful. The Gawler Bwnyip states that the Eev. Canon Coombs, incumbent of St. George's, who has been unable to attend to bis duties for seyeral weeks past by reason of indisposition, is now improving and hopes shortly to be about as usual. On July 10 the Bishop of -Adelaide and the Eev. Mr.' Stephenson will conduct servieesatSt. George's, whichwOlincludeacon firmation ceremony. . The quarterly meetinr of the Mount Gam bier Circuit of the WesJfcyan Church was held on Wednesday afternoon, the Eev. J. Leggoe, minister of the circuit, in the chair. There -was a fair attendance. It was reported that there were 216 full members on the roll, and that eight were on trial for membership ; there were 26 junior members. The quarter's income had been £101 16b., and the expenditure £110 ?9s., part of which was extraordinary. The balance in hand of the stewards was £25 8a. A favorable report was received from -the Sunday - schools in the circuit, both as regards numbers and working. The pastor reported that the monthly ?choral eervioes had proved a success, and the meeting resolved that they should be con tinued. The Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor formed since last ?quarterly meeting had, it was reported, proved very successful. Mr. M. C. Wilson was appointed the medium of communication between the society and the quarterly meeting. After, the quarterly meeting tea was held in ?the schoolroom, and in the evening a public meeting in the church. The latter was ad dressed by the Eev. J. Iieggoe, Messrs. S. T. Webb and J. F. Palamountain (circuit .stewards), J. Cock, M.P., M. C. Wilson, Francis, Broad, and Billing, and Mrs. W. H. Senfrey. The quarterly meeting of the Jamestown 'Wesleyan Circuit was held in the Caltowie ?Church on Jane 29, under the chairmanship of the Eev. J. H. Trevorrow. Valuable reports ?ofchnrch work were riven, and imnortanb lines ?of action were resolved upon. The number of members was reported to be the same as that of the previous quarter. The drcuibateward's -financial statement was satisfactory, the in come having exceeded the expenditure. Special -wrvices in connection with the Jamestown ?Church will be held forthwith. The loaal preachers' meeting was held on the same day. The following information, extracted by the Eev. W. Watt, clerk of the Synod, from the ?records of the New Hebrides Mission Synod held at' the Mission Church Aneloauhat, Aneityum, New Hebrides, in June, has tiepn supplied by the Eev. James Lyall:— Mission Synod met and was duly constituted. The New Hebrides Mission Synod having beard of and witnessed the renewal of the labor traffic by the Queensland Government feels it to be its duty at this its .earliest opportunity to protest against the Pacific Island labor traffic for the following seasons:— V Although 'the Synod does not wish to dispute the contention that cheap labor is a necessity for the maintenance of the .isuear .industry in Queensland, yet the know ledge possessed by every member of this Synod jis to what the labor traffic is in these islands leads the Synod to affirm that this labor traffic ?cannot be carried on with justice to the natives nor with honor to the British nation. 2. That ?while the .Queensland Government has pledged itself to prevent abases connected with the labor traffic, yet the absence of civilised -government to protect the interests of the natives,- the settlers, and the missionaries makes ~ recruiting without abuse an impos sibility. 3. Farther, because the deportation ?of the young and able-bodied natives from the islands prevents the development of industry .and Badly hinders the advancement of civilisa tion and Christianity in the group, and is a most powerful factor in its depopulation. 4. That the atmost invariable practice of giving large presents to the persons recruited or their relatives is universally regarded by the natives as- --purcbaee'-money, and the transaction is therefore considered by the natives as a traffic in human beings, and consequently it has a most demoralising effect on them. That -a copy of this minute be forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the Premier ?of Queensland, the Governor of Fiji, the con veners of the foreign mission committees of all the churches interested in this mission, and the convener of the foreign mission committee of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland. The quarterly meeting of the Kooringa 'Wesleyan circuit was held on Tuesday, Jane 28\. The Eev. E. M. Hunter presided. There was a fair attendance of office- bearers. The membership was reported as being 124, with 11 on trial. There was an increase on the previous quarter. The income failed to meet the ex peBditure by a small amount. The present circuit debt is £9 2s. Id. Favorable reports were presented of the Kooringa and Baldiaa Sunday -schools, and the formation oi a Chris tian Endeavor Society in Kooringa was re potted. Special services had been held, with very good results. Various other matters occupied attention. 