STORY OF A REAL GHOST, ?Tis now the very witoliinf liour or midnight. 'When chimdiynnlrt yawn, nnd hull luilf-brctillies out . Contusion In tliia world.'— IIamu-.t. } They had boon lato out and oxeitcd bv ? dubate. Tho imagination had bcon working at highjprosstiro.jtho rovorbarations of hi^h-strung mental effort still haunted thoir minds' oar. But thoy woro placid — not at all on bad terms with themselves ovor that night's score, if ' tho unstable multitude ' had left them at tho post in the contest. Tho horse was free, the carriago comfortable, tho night cold and dark. ' Do you buliovo in ghosts, .Mr. iilacicior' 'Woll, now, Master Laiubie, thoso aro_ 'ques tions of fact,' all I can sav* is, speaking per sonally, I havo ncvor seen anything more ethereal than myself — that is— well, of courso, yes, just spoukiugof ghosts.' Mr. Lambio was trying to throw togcthor somo recent impres sions ho had got from a nomadic Ilobrow,^ who had declared to him that a headless figure fleeted aftor his trap ouo night lately for 30 miles, that his (tho spirit's) aerial ' onnouv' was as proof to bullets as Dan Kelly's cast iron 'mail.' Whon all of a sudden motor-like illumina tion, appeared to their loft in tho^ forest noar Cambowarra Turpiko. It lit up with a pale lurid ghostly light, _ tho columned aisles of tho groat forest. Instinct ively, Mr. Blackio pulled up to survey ^ the wondorful and suddenly appearing flood of light. No soouor dono than thoro boforo thom was apparently a camp firo— a strango indescribable fire, with as strango a deep humming sound liko tho accumulators of a groat electric battery. — Such a sound in such a placo at such a time! Tho spectators folt a magnetic inclination to wards ' that lire— that illumination— against thoir will. Presently as thoy approached a little closer, dancing round tho magic pyro as if by automatic movement, thoro was a tall and beautiful foumlo onrobed in a whito cannsolo with flowing hair and 'such a pair of ims chevious oyes.' This mado Mr. Lambie's paco towards tho Siren more decided. For inia tho magnet folt no whim Though he dmnucd mm it rimnnod not htm. No : Sho, in this caso, danced in a world of ho1' own, and was unconscious of tho spoil sho had cast over tho midnight travellers. «? Iter innntlo Innje of greenish huo ' ' Their ini/.Wif wonder chlt'lly drow, and 'hades bold mlnsHnjr threw And astonished view, A well-known land. ' A hairwbmincd Kcntimanlal tmco . - -Wns RtmnRly uuirkt-d In her faee, A wildly witty ru«tic grnco Shone full m-on l.er, Her oyu u'tm turned on empty upaco llcam'd kis-n with humour. Having now got near enough to got on the homoward sido of tho strango vision tho horso— trusty 12 mile an hour trotter— tho nag took tho scare ; so nothing loath Mr Blackio, so Mr. Lambio dcoluros, urged tho ilory stood to all ite motal, 5 , ?« Now do tliy speedy utmost, 'Mldfc' Aud wiiCtlfe keyxtano on the bridge, There at lier, thou iiuy- t-m thy tnU^ Novor before h'ad Midget so travelled aiiclnovor. boforo had shu such a froo roin. Tho reason of this lay in tho fact that while Mr. ,B. was o»i trauood by tho vision as a whole, Mr. L. was irresistibly drawn to quit tho vohiclo nnd to approach the 'fair ono'. with opouout strotchod arms. Just while .iii this position liko as if plaving ' Hoodman blind.' Midgot tho trusty nag, mudo a snorting whistle and started off ; Mr..L. by ' a passing clianco,' as it woro, managing to catch tho passing hood of tho vohiclo. Mr. B. nor his lly iun' midget never looked round. Ho thought his friend must ho ' in tho folds of tho serpent' or that his own turn wouhl bo noxt. Moantimo Mr. L. was, as best ho might on a flying vohiclo oil a bumpy road, carefully, with porcupiuo fretted hair anu minus a hat. scramb ling ovor tho back of tho hood which had como down. It was his inovomonts and endearm-' requests from tho rear, in scared and changed votco, tomolorate tho paco, that, boing imstakon for tho voico of tlio vision, lent such a froo roin to Midgut. It was bad onough for her to maguotise his friend out of tho trap, but now that sho was flying after himsolf, ami dougorously near to him as hor woird falsetto voico indicated it was indeed timo to travel. Tho more oasy or smooth motion of tho vohiclo ovor Nowra Bridgo enabled 'tho flying contain- ' from behind to regain his seat aud to reassure his friend that tho vision had not crossed tho stream. After getting homo, though both aro teetotallers, their respect for their nerves and tho need of restful sleep, rendered a gontlo opiate neccsaary. Through tho night, howovor, Mr. B. could bo hoard in sloop shouting lustily to his terrified stood; whilo Mr. L.'s companion in bod more than onco was awakened aud com pelled to haul his friend down from tho bed post which ho. was found to bo vigorously climbing, tlio whilo awakening tho household with his entreaties to 'pull up a littlo,' 'pull up a littlo!' Both liavo, howovor, now suffi ciently recovered to disavow all knowledge of tho affair, though secretly both aro preparing 'a truo and faithful narrativo ' of tho affair for tlio Psychical Society, to soo whothor this might not bo a Thoosophistic resurrection of Madam Blathoratsky or Colonel Oldcock. Scono : Tho solicitors' desk. Court-house, Nowra. Constablo, wliisporing confidentially, with hand on shoulder of old gent, just prepar ing to leavo Court. ' Say, iti1. — - you must not keep your hat on in Court.' Old party, acoustomcd to closo whispors, boing a littlo deaf, answers with audible ompltfTSis, 'Oh, 'ooayo mon,' and pressing his hut on moro carefully, ' but a'win just gaon oot tho now.' Scono (2.) Hotel Bar:— Teddy: An' thank vou, missov, thank you, missey, for that drink ' })Ogob.T'm*stonobi'oko, and it's mo that's not boon ablo to got tho prico of a drink or borrow ono. But lishton to mo now 1 If that drink comes op, for I'm very sick, will oo givo mo auothor ouo widout paying for it ?' Tableau ! A HUANG!! of tho Grutid United Ordor of O.ld Follows ia to bo oponed at Holonsburgh this (Wednesday) ovoning. ; The Boga Farmoru' Company, which proposos carrying ou^ffljuinoss in'.Sydnoy on tho linos of the South Const and Wont O-iindou Co oporotive Company, though, in a Binalh»r ^way, lias just appointed a matmgor at £250 a yoar. 