THE COMING ELECTIONS. BUT a few more weeks and the country will be plunged into the turmoil of a general election. The exact date has not been arranged, but it is generally understood that the elections will take place during the third week in ApriL Notwithstanding the fact that the present Parliament is about to expire, it would indeed be difficult to describe correctly the political situation, or to give a correct forecast of - what the country may lose or gain, lay the approaching elections. It wonld, perhaps, be better if Mr. SHIELS would issue his. manifesto, BO that the policy of the Ministry would be known but, at the same time, we fail to see why tal, the two leading Melbourńe papers should Uj raise such a clamour, because the Premier will npt oblige them and a number of political hangers-on, by unbosoming m, hims&lf; without delay. When the two leading Melbourne papers agree, their unanimity wonderful. The most noted instance of political agreement between the two leading organs of political opinion in the metropolis occurred, when coalition, with the BenyrService Government vw- xiwliorpfl -on, «nj cS^WtJoalition Governmentis now felt by the suffering conntry that Las to pay the piper. Fortunately th ere appears to be but little danger of another Berry-cum Service Coalition being brought about and, as there |is no burning question before the country, it is difficult to understand why there should be any need of the Government announcing their policy seven weeks before the election. The Age, with its usual inconsistency, lectures Mr, SBTELS for not announcing that the ghost of the One-man-one-Vot& measure is to be laid, for a time at all events, but the Premier would be very thin-skinned indeed if he could not afford to disregard ihe' elidings of the so-called radical organ. The Argus also lectures Mr. SHIELS because a few worn-out politicians, such as Mr. LAKGTON, whose appearance in the political arena may be looted upon in the light of a political resurrection, having entered the political arena, the Government will not take their appearance as the signal to open the campaign. The Ministiy can well afford to disregard the taunts of the metropolitan. Press, and self-seeking politicians. No doubt it would be very convenient to so-called radical politicians who are coquetting with the farmers' dual vote, to know the in ten tions of the - Government on the franchise question, but there does not appear to be any reason why t the Government should, oblige them in the. matter. Politicians who are so anxious to deliver .themselves may e well do eo without any reference to tiie policy of tiie Government, thjońgli such-a course ipighi be very embarrassing, in view of future contin- a>i gencies, 4o those whbirish to regulate or, perhaps, change .their opinions, There is so earthly reason why the Government policy cońld .not be as •the jeleeiion, as at'present, -- ]*cota the 'tone of. one of onr -melaiipolitan' conibemporBiies, one imidd -imagio^'tiiat •we' were back again ' to the -early forties, BNIL a vivid ^picture has been drawn of the /difficulties "of <»nntry candidates in- travelling about to address their constituent® within the limited time afforded them owing to the delayoftheGovernment indeclaring jBieir policy. There is something very inconsisŁent in the-, utterances of the Age, a journal which has iyeen the apolo^st of the worse form of Coalitaoii \- Gpyernmrat,: appealing to Mr, SHIELS^*) put: the fetaichise question Bade, leaBt it fibould cause dissension uijtiie Xabsr«l Pasły, «ud at tbe same tilde 'calling an the' iGovenunent to . ... "wepresume, ItB _ipfw1i^«lmfg r bęTE an «)portunity tif ^ttii^ łip a The absurdityof-^efatnation issnnunpd np in tiie-&ct; Jiliat the .so-called zadical oiRaai is anxiooB for « good łaJlFing ay, and yet Irtrad to tondi question that would, in the ^ pecfaoiiE of the hej Came-into ^jffice^i^ęŁęn> Ooałłmmmmm enfc The late Treasurer may have alled the rein a little too tight, bat hat are we to say for the man -who ave too much rein, and lost control f the team ? It is true that the resent Ministry cannot be called one f talents, but at the same time the, dministration contains practical men, uch as the Minister of Railways, who are not afraid to attack large abases. The question is, what is to be gained by discrediting the Ministry at the n £ b a . t c q c w present stage? They hare certain much-needed reforms in hand, and it would certainly be unwise to attempt to prevent them from carrying out a those reforms. If the present Government will be returned to power, it is almost certain that a strong opposition will be formed, and this will be rather an advantage than otherwise. The Gillies-eum-Deakin Administration would have closed their career sooner had there been an effective opposition to check their action. There would be little, if any, danger of the Shiels Government being placed in such a position, and, unless some fresh and good reason can be shown for a change, it would, we consider, be unwise to favour a change of Government at the present time. s 