The electionfl now being fought in Victoria afford painful thought to the lover of DemocrAcy and tho disciplc of freedom of speech. In Melbourne and suburbs it is apparent that liberty of speech appertains oaiy to the electors j attending political meetings, in many j instances it being almost impossible for certain candidates to obtain a hearing. The worst feature of this disgraceful system of stifling discussion is that it applies only to candidates who arc being opposed by the Trades Hall party. Some of the leading politicians of the Colony hare been actually hounded off the platform by a pack of hoodlums, who bring neither intelligence for conviction to bear on tho subject. The spectacle presented almost nightly in Kelbonrne and suburbs is one as humiliating as it is dangerous to Democracy and baneful to the country. If continued, it will inevitably result in banishing from tho political arena tbe refined, the educated, and the intelligent, leaving Parliament to be engineered by the callous, tbe ignorant, and the professional demagogue. The fact that candidates of the lastmen tioned category— of wliich there are unfor tunately several now seeking election for Melbourne and suburban constituencies — are not subjected to the bounding' down process tends to the opinion that there is an organised party in the back- I ground, and that the enemies of free speech are merely the satellites of subtle wire-pullers. The ' boohoo' tactics are to a great extent indigenous to Aus | tralia. In England the MarquiB of Salisbury or Mr Balfour can safely rely on at least a patient hearing in the strongholds of the Opposition, and Mr Gladstone can with impunity address a ]-olitical meeting iti the hotbeds of Conservatism. In the United States, where party politics. are rampant to an extent knowiT in no other country in the world, it is Teiy rarely, indeed, that a leader of public opinion is debarred from expressing Tiis views, which, are often couched In what certainly are not raild terms. In the two chief cities of Australia, however, it is t-y so means uncommon for the 1 wading politicians o! the colony to be hounded off the public platform, when addressing' -political gatherings ; hut never has there been re sorted to these cowardly, contemptible tactics to anything approaching the ex tent now indulged in by the larrikins of Melbourne and suburbs. It is lamen table to find that the Trades Hall is to a considerable extent responsible for the disgraceful scenes which are now, bring ing Victorian' politics into . contempt. ! The Labor party have ^laoed x-n a publicly admitted black-list certain of | the Victorian politicians — including some of the ablest tnen of the Colony, Messrs. Deakin, Gillies, Bosisto, Sir - Graham Berry, eto. — and it is against 1 the men opposed to the Trades Hall programme that the bitterest hostility is displayed. In the best interests of the Labor p^rty no more fatal policy could have been adopted. It is giving their opponents a weapon which they are wielding with crushing effect, parti cularly in the country districts where opposition to tbe Trades Hall propa ganda has actually become portion of the political programme. One terrible evil resulting from the mode of politics now obtaining in Victoria — and also in the other mainland Colonies— is the arraigning of town against country. One of the most bitter opponents of the Trades Ball party is Mr J. B. Patter son, ex-Minister of Works, and the following excerpt from a speech recently delivered by him at . Oastlemaine shows to what proportion this evil is assuming-: — The 41 One man one vote 11 question is a move at the instance of the preaent managers in the forefront of equal eleo to rates, which are openly demanded. Equal electorates lor town and country mean the obliteration of the latter as a political faotor. When that day arrives the Lygon-etreet Trades Hall Parliament will be in power, and then every lover of this country, of progress, peace con fidence, and goodwill, may say farewell to the paramount desideratum of establishing confidence, either at home in this colony or in tho mother land. Then you will have a reign of strife, bltteraes, lawlessness, inse Auritv. renn(UB.ttnn. and tvrannv. which form the delight of those vipers who glory in their country's ruin, and we would beoome a byword and a disgraoe among nations Those are the men who deseocate the Sabbath and scoff at religion. I do not care whether a 1 man goes to church or not, but I say that the I men who look upon the Sunday aa a day for holding meetings of riot and dieorder axe no friend to good government. (Cheera.) All hope of prosperity would be absolutely lost, and we need no Moses and the prophets to enlighten ns as to tbe consequence? of a Trades Ball Parliament. We could not raise twopence on snob security in any part of the world. . . . . I rejoice to eee t-\&t; the farming community from which we got. the men who came to Melbourne to protect the people during n time of riot and dis order,— I rtjoioe, I eay, to etc that these mea have oaused, by the attitnde they have taken np, the withdrawal of *bat proposal. Bat the Trades Hall will reintroduce it whenever they think they have the ghost cf a show. It is, indeed, deeply regrettable to find country thus set against town ; but still more deplorable to understand tbe facts giving rise to such statement. Viewed as a whole, the position of Democracy inj Australia 'gives cause for gloomy fore bodings for those who study politics from the standpoint of results, achieved, rather than the actual means. to secure an indefinite end. In Victoria, New South WaleB and 2fow Zealand De- 1 mocracy is truly on - its trial, and it re mains to be eeen whether the govern ment of the State is to be placed in the hands of competent, honorable, and in- , telliga&t; legislators, or to be allowed to ; be usurped by the professional agitator, i and blatant, ignorant demagogues, who I are now, scum-like, coming to the surface in Australian politics. J Vbuy general regret was expressed yesterday, when it became known — through the medium of an extra issued from this office— that the Tasmanian Permanent Building Society had sus pended payment. By the full report of the circumstances leading up to the sus pension — published in another column — it will be seen that the unfortunate closure was caused by tbe depression in ! Hobart in consequence of the failure of the V.D.L. Bank, together with the tightness of the money market having | to a considerable extent dried up the i ordinary cash resources of capitaL The suspension will probably be but tem porary, and there appears every reason to believe that the Society will in a few weeks be again a going concern. The business of the Society was to a very great extent local, there being no branchin the North, and their transac tions outside the capital were almost wholly confined to making advances on property. There was not the slightest connection between the Tasmanian Per manent and any other Building Society in the Colony, and the suspension of the Hobart Society cannot possibly affcct in the remotest manner any other institution. The effects of the sus pension will not be felt materially beyond local limits, and certainly will not reach Launceston, the failure to meet immediate demands being, as set forth in the statement of the directors, due wholly to local circum stances. The amount involved is so totally insignificant— probably not more than about £20,000 being at issue, con sidering the withdrawals which caused the suspension — that even were liquida- tion resorted to the effects oould not possibly assume any magnitude even in Hobart, to which the loss would be prin cipally confined. It does not reach half the total amount locked np in the Laun ceston branch of thn Rritiali Tuni, aud would not exceed tho liabilities of a third-class insolvent merchant. The proposals of the directors appear to be wise and practical, and there is little I doubt that the result of the meetings held on Tuesday and Wednesday will be the re-opening of the old-established Tasmanian Permanent Building Society on a sound basis. I The Late Cab Accident.— Upon inquiry it has been ascertained that the condition of Mrs Leary, who met with the accident on tbe Elphin road on Monday morning, is im proving, and Dr. Holmes, who is attending her, entertains a hope that the case will have a favorable issue. City Police Court.— At this Court yesterday, before Messrs. E. Whittftfa B P. Fanelly, J's.P., a oab driver, named Wm' Dalton, was fined 10', with 9s 6d cost*, for haviog obstructed the roadway in flfc Jobn streetos the 7th inst— Richard Barker, who drives the vehicle in which the maile de posited in letter pillars are collected, pleaded guilty »o having driven raoidly over a street crowing. He ecplained that be wan com pelled to have the mails at the Post Offios bv i certain time, and the Bench, taking into jorisideration the unnenal clroumstano-^ of 'he ease. Hood him 2e 6d, and remitted the rats. 8ocrHHKWooD's coach for Lefrov leavm Pofft Offiw daHy at U a.m.; ieuvaa Lofrov tally at ff a.m. — -[Advt,] M*cW, %.4 JupbVTFa'bewell Oosobbt, — In the _Meohahica%Int?litate last right a oompllmentar/.tjeoefltioonoart was tendered to Mr W. SL Jude byfe vcriLlofal 'musicians in recognition of (he work done by .that gentleman in Launceston towaids elevating tlie m rical taste of his times. Considering the unpropitJous estate of the weather, - here wai a very fair attendance. The programme gone through oomtatfsed the following itemn ; — ' Douglas ?Gordon/' -exquisitely _ sun? by Miss Macfarlane ; 'Thou lorrst me not,' by Mrs Anderson, that l*dy - giving ' Home, sweet.- home ; B-hclUh's setting is rsspon-e to a merited anoore. ,Mr G. -O. Gilmore ably recited a pathetic selection entitled 'The Religion of Bob Scratohley a' minuet and 'Bcherzando after . Hadyn, a* ranged as a .quartette, -won ^o]den opinloaB for the Violin playing ;of -Messrs. Jbsecljnc, Young. Bos worth, and Youturmaa. Mr Val Tbueden, the popular ^ontriloquial enter tainer, contributed three lifelike ? aketcbes, riz., ' Nightmare '—by special request— in imitation of the .yelping of a dog, and the galloping of a horse on a metal road, with numerous other mimicries ot charaoter in response to -an unanimous lanoore The fol lowing were selected iy Mr Jude from his select, though extensive, repertoire Henry RusadTs descriptive song, 'The ship . on. fire ' Granny's story,' the composition of the performer;' 'The three ages of love,' being the reply to an enoore. Mr Jude con cluded the entertainment withV-s popular ! fantasia oq Sootchafrs, including tbe 'Camp- bells are coming,' bag-pipe playing, and the : march past of a Highland regiment. The ' avp auee accorded tnroogbout was of tbe most hearty nature, hut after 'Granny's story' aad the concluding piece it reached its climax. The many friends made by Mr jude since hie arrival In Launceston will accept his approaching departure with a regret only tempered by. the hope that they wlllaee him again amongst them. LoNoroBD.— Our correspondent reports : — j t the Police Court the sitting commenced at 10 o'clock, and did not conclude until 4 p.m. The Warden (Mr W. H. D. Archer), and Dr. Stevenson ana MrB. Gould, -J.'bP., presided in' the first two' cabec, and the Warden and Mr. B Gould.''iF P., In the other. J. Camp ^eUsued W. Brown, of Rich mond Park, for £ 4 8, wages due. Verdict for plaintiff for £16, and to pay his own costs. Hannah Knights, for uein$ insulting language to -Mary Sixer, was fined Is, and costs Its 6d. Francis Bird was charged with assaulting W. F. Williams, and was fined £2 and ordered to pay doctor's bill, £2 2s, and 13s 61 costs. An OLD COLONIST.— Our obituary notices in this iesue include the announcement of the death ou Monday, at his residence, Latrobe, of Mr William Frederick Norris, in the 72nd year of his age. Mr Norris will be remembered as having been engaged in the hairdressing business in this city for many years, first in St John-street, in premises now occupied by the establishment of Messrs. F. Hart and Son, and afterwards in partner- ship with Mr Parsonage, in Charles- street, near the Central Hotel. The deceased, wbo removed to Latrobe, joined Mr Clarke in an extensive business, which included groceries, produce, etc., besides a hairdressing establish- ment. For some time prior to his death be was confined to his room. The late Mr Norris leaves a widow, but no family. Home Again.— Mr A. T. Gibson (son of the Hon. James Gibson, of Belle Vue) who, in August last, left hia native colony in company with his previous tutor, Mr J. D. Thomas of the Launceston Grammar School, returned home yesterday. Since Mr Gibson and his companion left Launceston, they have travelled many thousands of miles by rail, road, and steamer, and they seem much benefited bv their trip. The fine P. and O. etcamor Oceana took ,|hem to England, where tbey landed on': 'September 20, and after a quiet tour through this historic old land ther wont tbroDgh Scotland, and on re turning to London went a r^&sto; Paris, and bad a very pleasant tour right across the Continent. The. liocs of Paris, Milan, Rome, Venice, Vienna, Dresden, Br jfsoIs, and Cologne, and even the Sold of Waterloo, were viewed in turnj after which they returned to London, I untTbi.tk the e e. Umbria for New York. The I principal cities of the New World were ' ylsited,aud before leaving for home, theyfcpent some time at Chicago. Here they saw an army of workmen preparing tbe grounds for - the Groat Fxposltion, which is to be held I next year. Mr Gibeon said he was much struck with what was going on in connec tion with this Exhibiton, and remarked that to give an idea of tbe extent of the show, the flo^f of one portion of the structure was about 304 acrcs in extent. G.U.O. Fbee Gaedenebs. — The quarterly meeting of the Albert Lodge, No. 33, was held at the Workmen's Olub on Monday even ing, when there was a good attendance. Mr S. Houston occupied the chair. It was unanimously decided to close the lodge owing to adverse ciicumstancee. and a call of 8s per member was declared, due and payable on M ondAy evening next, to cleAr oft the debts rf the lodge. There aic 46 members on the roll. A Pltjcky Cabman. — A pony belonging to Mr James Lyall, of Brisbane-street west, bolted from the ftab'e door last eveefne at about half-past 6 o^clook. The animal nad been driven into the oountry in the after noon, and upon its return home cleared out of the yard and made for the centre of the town. As it passed the cab stand at the corner of Brisbane and Charles streets a cab driver named Harry Chandler left/the rank and succeeded in overtaking the vehicle, and attempted to clamber in behind. Owing to the rapid pacc at which the pony was travel ling, the whole length of Brisbane- street as far as Mr J. O. Ferguson's establishment was traversed and Georgo- Btreet was entered before the man could get to the front and take the reins. At length, however, he suc ceeded in his object, and the animal was pulled np by Trinitr Church and driven home again. Great praise is due to Ohandler for his promptitude and courage in undertaking all the risk of a collis'on in Urisbane-etrrct, where, although it w*b getting very dark,tbfi lamps remained nnlighted, and he was with out the means of steering cluar of any obstaoles. Vital Statistics. — The Government statistician (Mr B. M. Johnston) reports on the vital statistics of the registration dis tricts of Hobart and Launo?ston for March, 1892 Births— D 'ring thsmooth of March, 171 births— 06 maloe and 76 females— were registered in the registration districts of Hob»rt and Launccstou. This shows an increase of SO births as compared with the corresponding month last yrar, and an in crease of 28 60 as compared with the average of the births registered in March during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two distriols the propor tions of births registered were as follow :— For Hobart, 3*26 ; for Launceston, 2'84 ; all, 3*10. Deaths— The deaths registered in March, in Hobart and l aunceston, numbered 217 — 59 males and 68 females j 34 deaths, or 29 06 per cent, of the whol*, took place in Sublic institutions. The to'al number of eatbs registered in the two districts during March, 1692, ahows a% increase of 20 as com ? pared with the corresponding month last year, and shows a dccrease of 12*20 as com pared with the average number of deaths registered in Marrh during the last five yearly period. To erery 1000 of the popula tion of tho respective divisions the propor tions at deaths registered worn as follow :— Hobart. 2-22; Launceston, 1*95; all, 212. The deaths under five years of age numbered 67, or 48*71 per cent., of which 47 were under 1 year of ag* j the deaths between 6 and 66 years of age numbered 29, or 24*79 percent; and tbe deaths 65 years and upwards num bered 81, or 26*60 per cent. Of tbe 117 deaths registered during March, 113 actually occurred during the mouth of Maroh, and four actually occurred during the month of February. The total deaths registered up to the present time as having Actually occurred during February amount ioS6 — 56 in Hobart and 30 in Launceston — which is m'x lefs than the deaths registered during that month irrespective of date of actual occurrence. In the country districts for the month of March, aB compared with the same month of the previous year, the returns were — Births, 263, against 214 ; deaths, 114, against 84. The WEATHER.— The barometrical fore cast which foretold that showery weather wou'd prevail yesterday, was more than fulfilled. Commenolog about 11 a.m. rain fell almost incessantly during the day, and the prospect of a ohange looked very re mote at an early hour this moniing Should the Wet weather be much prolonged floods may be anticipated, as the steady downpour will have washed away tbe heavy anow which covered the mountains on the Eastern Tiers. London Missionary Society. — A pub lic meeting in oonuoction with tho Lo^dr.n Missionary Society will -he held at Christ Chnrcb this evening. Addra»sea will be pi'ven by f-Iie liflv. Albert Pcartse, of Now I Uuiuea, and other ministers and friends. I tiAiEBfi' ^ OetrBOH — 3Lr»gt*~ evening, although' the weather was s- Ver- .inclement, tfeere Wya ~a'g7pd -gatfteiiog ]u' Chalmers' Ohnrcb Fchoolroom upon^tbe occasion of the aunoal^ea meeting TheBflv D. 8. Hruntoa (the pastor) presided at the meeting which folowed, ami addrei'cs ^ere delivered by himself, the Uevs. J Lyle, J G 'Wright, and O Anthony. Songs were sung by Misses Grey, M'lisohla?, and Oox, and Mr J: St&rrar;, -and -Mioses famoat '?and Wi'kius contributed a duet. Under the conduotor phipof/Mr J. 'Btorrar the choir rendered offloSentservice by giving ssloctJons. At the conoludon of the entertainment, whioh was thoroughly enjoyrd, a vote of was paased to those .who had furnished the even ing3® amusement, to the speakers, and to the ladies who kindly provide! the tea Minibtebiax.— The Hon the Treasurer, Mr B 6. Bird, who went to Melbourne a few days ago principally in connection with the fruit trade of jthe Suon, returned to Laun oeston yesterday and left by the afternoon train for Devonport, where he - intends j arranging some poistal matters. Ha will re- 1 turn to Launceston to-day, and meet a depu tation at 8 o'clock *Mw evening relative to the -intercolonial mail service. The Oity Pabk.— a resident of Oimittere etmet writes ' Fow that the Tasmanian Exhibition Is a thing of the past, I hope the unsightly iron fence which blocks that por Hon 'of the thoroughfare through the Oity Park, mostly- used by residents of Xawrenco ind Cimi tiers streets, will be removed, as juickly as possible. This very pleasant short jut ie found ot great convenience, especially to business men, and as the fenoe is ' now neither use nor ornament it shonld betaken away. Winter is now close upon ns when the gates will be closed at the earl^hour of 6, con sequently it would be well to have this matter remedied as quickly as possible,' . The Victorian Hop Harvest.— The hop harvest at Bairnsdale terminated this week (says the Age of Saturday). On the whole it has been one of the most profitable to growers and piokers alike for some years - past. Though the acreage was smaller than in the previous year, tbe quality and yield were good. Thi principal growers near Balrnedale on pay day distributed to hop pickers £4600, two-thirds of which was earned by women and children. Leaf Ybab's Peivileges. — In the year 1268 a statute was published by tbe Scotch Parliament, of which the following is a copy. Translated into modem English it runs thus : — It is ordained that during tbe Teign of hex most blessed majesty Margaret a maiden lady of cither high or low estate 6hall bave liberty to speak to the man she likes. If he refuses to take her to be his wi'c he shall ba mulot in the sum of oae hundred pounds, or less, as his estate may be, except and always if he can make it appear that ne is betrothed to aLother woman, then he shall be frev' After the dear old Margaret bad passed away the Women became clamorous for tneir privileges, and to appease tnem another Act of Parliament was paased allow* ing tbem the privilege ' To speak to the man they liled every fourth year. Queensland Politics— flir Charles Li ley has intimated to tbe Premier, Sir Samuel Griffith (says an exchange} that he i ' willing to retire from the position of Chief JustJoe upon the understanding that he le impeached before the Bar of tho House, and a Royal Commission i* appointed to enquire into tbe ohar^cs brought apainst him. Ur Gannon, who formulated the charges (the principal of these being that the Chief Jus tice farored bis son, who is a barrister) ad mits that it would he oxtrenely difficult to substantiate any Bpecific charges, and the impression exieta that Sir Charles Lilley would come through scathlesq. Attempts will likely be mane to induce Sir Samuel ?-'riffith to retire from politics and sucoeei Sir Charles Lilley as Chief Jugticx Failing this, Mr Real will probably receive tbe ap pointment. A Huge Undbbtakujq.— 1 The half-yearly report of the Manchester Ship Canal shows that tbs total expenditure to date has b-?en , £11,383,043, and it is estimated that a further; sum of £2,650,017 wi;l be required. Thel Manchester docks at Cornbrook have been | completed and tho water admitted, aud only a email length of wall *s required to complete the Ralford docks The embankments for railway* are complete, tbe permanent way is being laid, and little remains to finish tbe viaducts and bridges. The ship oanal from Eastham to the River Weaver ie now being used by all the Ellesmere Port traffio. The whole of the share capital, £8,000,0 00 ster ling. is callcd up and has baon paid ; £1,981000 has been raised by mortgage debentures, and £1,425, 3*0 received from the Manchester corporation. It is believed that tbe canal will be completed some time during 1893. 'David GbIeve.'— It is said, with what truth 1 (London correspondent of the Age) know not, that Mrs Humphrey Ward has received the bum of £17,000 for the copyright of ' David Grieve.' If t&ls; be true, it beats the record. Watch's Literary Intelligcnoer for the current month contains a review of Mrs Humphrey Ward'*? new book ' David Grieve,' and notes of current literature, in addition to theusual catalogue of works and novelties recently imported by tbe firm. The annual roeetiogs of the St. Leonards, Turner's Marsh, aud Evaudale Bead Trusts will be held to-day. Edison's phonograph will have something to say af- Scottadale on Easter Monday. Other dates will be found in the advertise ment, Mr J. 8 Wipgiae announces he has just opened up, per a'l late arrivals, a large con signment of tbe mrst fashionable co^ds. The annual meeting of the members of tbe Road District of Midb'iret will be held at Elizabeth Town at 2 p.m, on April 30. 