THE WINDSOrt TRAGEDY. TILtS ALL5So1ED CONFISSIOcs, T'IEM1ENDOUS ENcsAT1ION IN LONDOT. ATT1ri1PT8 AT LYNCoItyO.. London,', Friday Night.-Considerable excitement has boon caueod at Iniunhill by rumours that Deuhun s Villa, where itirs. Dowming and her children wino murdirud, was haunted. It appears that a policeman was stationed in the villa anid soum persons who wore in the v oinity at night hoard noises mado by the alloer in eTvIng aboutist, Finyiung that it was a ghost they fled fronu the place. London, Saturday Night.-An Austra lian eablegran, received by Daleiell's Agency, stating that Deoming hod con fusend to the murder of Oss ito anod four children at Rainhill end to the two lat \WYitechupol murders, conunitted by " Jock the Rlippur," was iumediately osroeolated by the evunuig papers and created a tre moundous sunsation in London. The ashes found in two fireplaces at Ruinhill have beon chumically tested aRid ore proved to he those of burned cloth Porth, Friday Night.-About 11 o'clock this suoriung Deteatives GusreUy and Caweay, acconipanied by two holico contuhles, drove to tho Wotorside lockup and obtlined the prieoner for thie purpose of cunevying liu, to AIluny, on totto to eilbourns, As Swenstoin wea led from the cell to the vehicle, soveral attemits were iiiede to photographl hie, but they wovro without success. rovarslladies were etanlieg at the roar of thi cab for the iiurpuse at obtuiniogalooeek at the prisorer beforo b wais ttkmi away, endl tii these Snanston raisid hitshat and said, " Gooil. hJ o, ladies," Driven byDeutootiro Guernoy the vehielo with its oeuc'pants thon proceeded alonsg Adulauida terrac to tGuildford, whore tiwanton waer put on board the train, tho luggageo having gone by ordinary train. Th:s device of gotting the prisoner away was resorted to by the police in order to avoid usy ciassehmig at I'erth stanOtio, and hlbe:has a demonstration of in undesimable choroctor. At Utildiord accusod w's plancd in a closed carriage aind pio coiled on his way to Alba, Dooming, alias Williams, upon arrivnl at York (\\.A.) was yellod at by a lnrgo crowd of people, who criied Lynholi him," ind who mudoJ a alush for tito railway carriage, but woro drivou back by the pbliao. One of tho orew olung to the foot board of tho c:uariago and cried out, " Good-bye, old lman; you'vo done for a good ny.ri, and now you're going to got your noclk tretched." The reported confession of Doemiag to theguilt of the Whitooehapel murders is doeiod by Mr, llaynos, the prisonor's solicitor, . ! The navvios at uOilford (W, A.) wanted to lynell Dootming, but did not make auy attack upon him. Dooming, whilo at Albany on Saturday, hlavod off his mountatuh with a piece of glass ho hud pikUed np. This unfortunnta episodie will doubtless give conkidorablo troublu in gotting him identiliod by tradvs inou in Molbournl, The pisionor could Iout help showing his satisfaction ht the auoceos of hi scuei10on by occasionally indidlging in It broal grin naie h was boiigt colnvuyot on board theo steamor, Albany, Saturday Nighlt,-Dtetotivo Oawsuy arrived with tho pri)aoor Swantltol at Albany this morning, II hail an ox. citing jotirney down the 'lino. At all the statiolns antd idings large crowds had as semblud, anxious to soo tho plisonor, At York ,tatione a largo crowd was assomnblod, and filildiig tho wilidoiv ulosod they broko it. Th'l wolllln oalling outi, '" Ijynoh hit, drliag him Out," Swianston was groanod at and hootoed, This made him nervous tand frightonod. At Ueverluy ihe wais placdtl it a room at the station, and here hiis iondition was groutly affootod by tll.orios otf thl ucrowd. Aftlr leatvillg B'ivurloy Swvaiitoni liy down to sloop, a id uat hou,' latrl' hi pavtrl. 'aiseid himsitalf aid wais given lbrt'ady. .1o then ftiiltd' away. The thnin wva stelppd hlortly afterwards and water wis obtaintod and 'thrown over him On roeovery he bogai to kick and writhe violently, ind four ien could hardly hold lin down. At tunes, witht tlhoso mnu sitting on him, he partly raised himself, and with his lhiatoutll's heo bruisod his wrists badly and ciaused thoe to swell ntid bleed, At later pe io:ls he hld similar fits, but his struggelo wore not noarly so vio lent. Dutootivo Caw?oy sooeis to think that those writhltgs wUro simply pioeceO of splondid noting. Swnnston got to sloop at 1 o'clock andl slopt untiil ibout 0 o'clook buing groetly refrtjshed by hii roat, At Albany the train A as stoppode at tho i PIrado-strout orossing, noar to the prison. Oro t orowds gathered to s'o hint arrive nt Albiny gaol, The railwaiy line runs throiugh tlhI ugl yard, and tle train was stoppeud for i f'uw tiiuulos to illow the plisonor to be tiakonout. bwnmston ovi" dontly wanted to Iapear unoonoorned, and had a ci4ar botworn his lips, but was only going through the motion of sultiking, as hoolie r wats unlightod, The b3staidura roinalitod "LooI k ut the inturdolor,r" .1ho prisnnor shook his hoand and nsiled grimly. J~sortod by the polico, he stopped jnuntily to the giul, whloro ho 'romaiuod till takona on board the Ballllarat.' . Swiutlon is ovidcntly bronling doiwn famt, ntd bus biLons.posorilbod brandy yovry jour l'etted by his lmdicit atedil nu t, 