THE VENETIANS. By M. E. BEADDON, .] Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phan tom Fortune,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Out by the County,' 'Taken at the Kood,J . ' Weavers and Weft,' 'One Thing Need fuL' 'Mohawks,' &c.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. AU lights reserved.] Chapter TXTX, — ' 'Tis Not the Same Now, 'Nkvhr TWVihic fi*TT Rfc.' Yansittart was the first to break that agony . of silence. . v' -.' b ''-.????. 'Does this mean the end of loveT'he asked. ' Is all over and done with between you and me? Is love only a dream that we have dreamed?' --'-. ; ' Yes ; it is a dream,' she answered, looking at him with tearless eyes, which had more misery in them than all the teikfe he had ever Been in me evca ui wuuibu. x»k buiuovuiub perhaps to have believed oneself happy for ' two blessed years. You have been so good to me— so good to poor Peggy; - She loved you almost as fondly as I did. You have been -all goodness — and you did not know that he was 1 my brother. Yet, yet, when you killed him you must have known that some heart would be broken. No, I can never forget how good you have been— or how dear. 'Don't think that I can change in an hour from love to hate. No, no, that cannot be. To my dying day I must love you— but I cannot live with the man who killed my brother. I can never be your wife again; that -is. all over. .We must be strangers on this side of the grave.' ' A hard sentence, Eve, it could not be harder if I weie a deliberate murderer; and yet perhaps it is no more -than I deserve — perhaps even the gallows would be no more than my rdesert ? ' . . 'The gallows ! Oh, God, could they kill you because ? ' The words died in her throat,: choked by the agony of a great fear. - - ' ' 'But no one knows— no one wHl ever know,' she cried. 'She will never tel|' pointing to the door;, 'she loves you to dearly.' ?' 'No, she will not telL' 'Is there anyone else who knows ?' ' Only- her aunt, who may be.trusted. No, I don't think I am in any danger from the law,' he said carelessly, as if that hardly mattered. ' Bnt you— you are iny supreme judge, and you look upon me as a murderer. Well, per haps you are right. Let me sophisticate with myself as I will,- in that one moment I was in mind and instinct a homicide. - When I struck that blow I did not care how deadly it might be, all theeavagest impulses within me were aroused. Yes, I was a murderer; and you Bay that we must part ; that is your sentence ?' She bent her head in assent. 'Very well; then I muBt do all I can to make our parting easy and reputable. The -world will wonder and-talk, but we must bear that. I think I know a way of lessening the scandal. You will live at Merewood and I will travel. That will make things easy.' 'Live at Merewood without you? Not for -all the world. I shall go back to Fernhurst to my sisters. You will let me give them some of my pin money, I know, so that I may not be any expense to them.' '..-.?? . *f Let you— why your pin money is all your own, to throw in the gutter if you like.' 'No, no; it was meant for your wife. I shall have no claim upon it when we are parted. But I don't want to be a burden at the Home stead; I should like to give them fifty poundBayear. I shall not cost them so much as that.' ? ?' 'I daresay£»t. Why do you torture me with this talkof money? Alt- the money I have is turned to withered leaves. Eve, Eve,' he cried passionately;/' you could not do this . cruel thing if our child had lived.' ' Could I not, would ^ihat have altered the fact that you killed my brother ? No, Jaak, for God's sake don't come nearrne,' as he ap proached her with extended hand trying to clasp her hands in his, passionately longing for reunion. 'iThere is a ghost between us. I* should hate myself if I could forget the dead.' 'Ah, that is the worse sting of death,' he cried bitterly. 'The fatal inflaenoe of the dead which blights the living. Is there no hope, Eve— no hope? la your mind made up?' 'Alas! Alas! I have no alternative.' 'Take time to think, at leaBt, before you act.' 'Time to think, why, I have been thinking for an eternity. It is ages since that woman put this picture in my hand. If there were any truth m the stories of hair turning grey in some great agony mine ought to be as white as snow. Ob, I have thought, Jack, I have thought. If I could shut my eyes and say I forget. If I could say the past is past, and the dead are no better for our tears, and our sacri fices, our crape gowns, or the roses we plant on their graves. If I could be like the heathens who said let us be happy to-day for to-morrow we die, how gladly would I blot thought! and memory from my brain. But you see while I live I must think and remember ; and every hour of my life with yon would be darkened by one hideous thought. I should see my brother in his blood-stained winding shiest standing be tween us. There are somethings that caaaot be, that heart, and mind, and fponsciencs cry out against, and our aUiaoc©t^Sii'oSe ' of those things. Oh, it was wicked, Jfrtfettdiigid oraeI to marry p\e knowing what jimp*1 ' Was it cruel, was it wickaffl6;i! it waa I don't repent of that sin. J Sitoippp^my first crime— the crime of bloodsh^r#ali$iy6eoond, the;crime of making you my wife. — I-have had ? two years of bliss. How many men can say as much ? Well, since you are resolute— have weighed what you are doing and still decide against me I will leave you in peace. If the memory of those years cannot plead for me words are indeed idle.' She heard the strangled sob in his voice as he turned from her and went slowly to the door, but she did not call him back. She stood like a woman of stone till the door closed on him and the outer door opened and shut again. Then she clasped her hands above her head in sudden despair and rushed but upon the bal cony to see the last of him. She leaned over the high iron rail to watch him as he sprang into the waiting hansom. She saw him drive away and did not shriek to him to come back, though her whole being, brain, heart, nerves yearned after him with the wild yearning oE despairing love. She watched till the cab vanished from her sight, hidden by the foliage on the Embankment, and then she dragged herself slowly back to the room as a wounded animal crawls to its lair, and flung herself upon Lisa's sofa, a broken-hearted woman. 'Could I act otherwise— could I, could 1 2' ehe asked herself. 'My brother, my own flesh and blood, Even if I had not loved him, could I live with the man who killed him?' Lisa crept into the room while Eve sat sob ing, with her face hidden in the sofa pillow. L£a crept to her side and sat on the ground by her, pitying her and looking up at her with mute dog-like tenderness. 'What have you done?' she asked at last. ' Have you sent him from you — your husband, who loves you?' ' Yes, he is gone. It is our fata' 'FateT'criedLisaeontemptuously. 'What is fate ? It is you, not Fate, that makes the parting. If you loved fri'» you would not let him go.1' ' ' If I loved him. Why, my whole being is made up of love for him. ' What then ? And you send him from you for an accident — for something which no one could help. I was there— these eyes saw it— a moment and it was done. There was not time for thought. For that one instant of wrong doing are you to make his life miserable ?' ' He killed my brother. Do you understand that, Lisa. The man who ought to have been your husband was my brother. Did you care nothing for him — you, the mother of his child?' 'Yes, yes, I cared for him. When first he came to Burano I worshipped him as if he had been Sb. Mark. And when he said 'Come to Venice with me, Lisa, and be my little wife,' I went. It was wicked, I know. I ought not to have left Burano till I had been to confes sion and the priest had married us, but when I said, * You will marry me, Signor Inglese/ he said, 'Yes, Lisa, by-and-by,r and that was what he always said till the last 'by-and-by.' He was not always kind to me, Siora, though he was your brother. He beat me some times when the luck had been bad at cards. When he bad been sitting up half the night playing cards with his friends and I crept into the- room and begged him to play no more— ie was not kind then. He would start up. out of his chair and swear a big English oath and strikeat me with hie clenched fist.- IBnV^m I sorry? Yes, of course I am sorry*1 1b was dreadful to see him fall dead in a momeni.f but is that to be remembered againsl your husband years afterwards? He , was' bnrfaV so brutal that he deserved his death* almost. He flew at the strange English man like a tiger; he would not listen, he would nob believe that I was nob false to him. He was mad with drink and foolish anger. He wag like a wild beast. And for an accident like' that you would make the noblest of men unhappy. Ab, Siora, that is not lore. If your husband belonged to me and he loved me as he loves you he might kill twenty men and I would cling to him and love him still. What would their life be to me, or their death, if I had him.' 'You area semi -civilised savage and you can't understand,' eaid Eve sternly. 'Life and death, good name, and honor have no meaning for you.' 'Love means more than all,' said Lisa doggedly. 'There is only one man you have the right to love,' said Eve ; 'the man who ought to have been your husband. You must be indeed a wretch if you can love the man who killed hint.' ' 'Ah, madonna mia, we do not make our hearts. They are made for us,' Lisa pleaded naively. ' The Signor Inglese was very good to me at Burano in my poverty, but afterwards at Venice I had a good deal to' suffer. It was a hard life sometimes. One had need be young and able to laugh and forgive and forget. But he— Signor Yansittart— he was always kind. TTia face haunted me after that afternoon on the Lido, and when we met again— when La Zia and I were strangers in London without a friend in the world — oh, how kind and generous he was ! All that I have of fame and fortune I owe to him, and though he does not care for me so much as that,' with a contemptuous wave of her fingers, ' yet he is always gentle, always good. Da not tell me that I am to care more for the dead man who deceived me and beat me than for the living man who has been my . benefactor, my guardian angel, and for whom I say a paternoster and two ave3 every night of my life. It is sweet to say these for his eake.' ' Ah, you do not understand. You do not know what death is,' said Eve with gloomy anger, gettingup from the sofa and rearranging her loosened hair with trembling hands. ' It must come to all of us,' answered Lisa with a philosophical.shrug. 'Better that it should come in a moment as his came, without suffering, without 'fear, than that we should live to be old and fat and foil of maladies. People die of dreadful diseases that one shudders only to hear of, and that is called a natural death. How much better to be stabbed to the heart unawares.' 'I cannot reason with you,' said Eve haughtily: 'I loved my brother. You, his mistress, evidently cared nothing for him.' And with this verbal stab she departed. Who shall say whether she was most indignant with the Venetian for loving Harold Marchant too little or for loving John Vanaittart too much ? The victoria was waiting for her; the ser vants were asleep in the afternoon sun. She had* herself driven homer; being just able to utter that monosyllable ' Home' in answer to the footman's question. . How strange the streets and all their move ment of everyday life seemed to her as she drove along the interminable King's-road and _by Sloane-street and the Park— how careless the faces of the people. Was there no other trouble in the world but her own? Was every body else busy and bustling and happy ? She felt as if she had been driving home from a funeral, wondering to find a world where there were no signs of sorrow. Had she not verily parted from her dead? The dead brother whom she had always pictured to heraelf as alive and happy in some far-off African wilderness lead ing the adventurer's solitary life, caring for no one he had left in the civilised world, but des tined to come back to her hereafter with that wild spirit tamed, his boyish affections warmed into new life. He was dead, and she would see him no more on earth — killed in a tavern brawl for the sake of a worthless woman. And the husband she adored, he, too, was dead dead to her for ever. She had renounced him, and- he was free to go his own way and lead his own life, and find consolation and happi ness where he chose. Her friends of Mayfair had told her that no man laments long for the loss of any woman, that one beautiful face pushes aside another, that there is no image, however cherished, which does not grow faint and fade and vanish, as a circle -widens and melts away upon still water. Even the house in Charles-street hai a strange aspect when she re-entered it. Should she find t»'n there? Would he plead with her again in their own house, where she had been so happy with him, .where aU mute things re minded her of the glad life he had given her ? Would he plead with her once more and renew . the agony of the straggle between love for the living and loyalty to the dead ? No, she was spared that ordeaL The servant who opened the door told her that his master had been summoned hurriedly to Southampton and had left a letter for her. She caught up the letter eagerly, hungry, in her desolation for some sign from him, some last link between them. ' I start by mail for Southampton,' he wrote. 'Till seven I shall be within reach of a tele gram at the Travellers, if you change your mind. Before to-morrow night I shall be out ward bound, but till to-morrow night a wire to the post-office at Southampton would? find me. I have made no plans as yet, but you may think of me as an exile and a wanderer. I will . send you tidings of my whereabouts from time to time, so that if ever you relent you may call me back. I will go to you from the uttermost ends of the earth.' He was gone. She had been obeyed. The wrench was over, and now she had to face life calmly and deliberately without him. She had sacrificed all that was dearest to her on this earth to the shadow of the dead. She had made her choice between the dead and the living. Could she have chosen otherwise ? That was the question she asked herself when she had locked the door of her room and was alone with her misery, walking to and fro among the familiar surroundings which had been the background of a happy union. How could -she have chosen otherwise? 'He killed him ?!' she repeated to herself with dogged insistency. 'He killed him — killed my brother. What should I be if I could stay with him— call him husband, love him and obey him for the rest of my Jife— the man who killed my brother ? Was it murder or not murder ? He killed him. It was death. Oh, to think that he entered that fatal place in all the strength of his manhood ; a young man with a long life before him, perhaps ; with all Jibe chances of fortune and happiness which length of years can bring ; and there ia a moment he was breathing his last' breath, stabbed to the hearc !' Memory recalled that fondly-loved brother in the flush of his active boyhood— a cricket field shining in the aunlutht, the white tents, the village crowd, and that tall muscular form, the (sunburnt face, blue eyes, and auburn hair, the type of English boyhood at its best. One scene after another of her Childhood passed before her as in a panorama, and Harold was the central figure in every picture. So strong, so brave, so intelligent, so kind to her always, even when at war with others ; loving her to the last, even when an outcast from his home, How cruelly Fate had used him — an unkind * father— a forced exile— an early and a violent death. For more than an hour— for an eternity of suffering— she paced her room— or knelt beside the bed, not praying, nor yet. crying — oaly thinking, thinking of the lite that had been and that was over for ever — her childish life in Yorkshire while her brother was still the cherished son, the honored heir — the later season of disgrace and parting— her life with the husband of her love. ' And Peggy,' she thought, with a new agony of temorse and unavailing love, 'oh, how good he was to my poor Peggy— no brother could have been kinder— but if she had known that the band -which smoothed her pillow was the hand that killed her brother— if she had known ! Does she know now, I wonder, and know what I Euffer and pity me from tbe far distance, in the land where there are no tears ?' She refused admittance to her maid at the usual hour of dressing. She had a headache and would not go down to dinner. Iiater in the evening she wandered about the house, looking at «he rooms in which she had been so happy— remembering the days of her courtship when those rooms were still new to her and seemed to realise aU she had ever imagined of luxury and refinement, an elegant simplicity which seemed an emanation of her motherin law's mind and character. She went about bidding the rooms good-bye, looking at them for the last time, as she believed, for she meant to depart on her journey early next morning. On thinking out the question of her future she rejected tbe notion of that return to the old home of which she had spoken to Vanait tart. To depart whither ? She could not go to her sister's at Fernhursb, the refuge which she would instinctively have chosen, content to hide herself in the humble home of her girlhood, to live the old unlnxurious life, to sit by the cottage hearth, and read the tattered old volumes of Scott and Dickens, and Bulwer and Thackeray, and try to think herself a girl again, a girl who had never seen the face of Jack Vansittart. Fernhurst would not do. It was too near Lady Hartley ; it was not remote enough from Merewcod. She had to find some abiding place which should be unknown to all the world except the servant who went with her. She ciJ not feel herself equal to travelling without a servant. The ways of luxury had spoiled her for the ways of independence. She was no longer the same young woman who used to head, an early expedition from Haale mere to Waterloo, travelling third class, among soldiers and workmen, to be first in the scramble for bargains at a sale of drapery. She felt herself powerless in her bruised and broken state to face the confusion of a crowded railway-BtatioD, the bewilderment of foreign travel with its stringent demands upon the traveller's calmness and intelligence. She found her maid waiting for her in her bedroom with a tea-tray and a meal of cold chicken, fruit, and jelly, set oub temptingly to beguile her into eating. 'You have had nothing since lunch, ma'am.' ' I can't ea't anything— yes,' as the servant looked distressed, 'some bread and butter. You can leave that and the tea, but take away all the rest, please. And then give me Brad shaw— and I want you to pack before you go to bed. It is not very late, is it ?' lookinsr hopelessly at the watch on her chatelaine, but unable to eee the quaint old figures ia the heaviness of her tired eyes. ' Past eleven, ma'am, but lean pack to-night, if you like. Are we to leave early to-morrow?' Eve turned the leaves of Bradshaw before she answered, pored over a page for a few minutes ? ' The Continental train leaves Charing Cross at eight,' ehe said. 'Then I must certainly pack to-night, ma'am. Shall I take many dresses — evening gowns — tea gowns? Shall you be going out much in the evenings f 'I shan't be going out ab alL Take my plainest walking gowns; one black evening gown will do. Take plenty of things. I shall be abroad a long time.' ' It is very sudden, ma'am,' faltered Ben son, who was honestly fond of her mistress. ' Yes, it is very sudden. You must not ask me any questions. You must take it on trust that there is nothing wrong in my life.' 'Ob, ma'am, I should never think that, whatever happened. I know you too well. Are we going to Mr. Vansittart?' 'Ko, Benson. We are going away from him. Mr. Vansittart and I have parted for ever. Please don't speak of it to anyone down stairs. I want to avoid all talk and scandal. I tell you because you are going with me. You will share in my new life — if yon like to go.' 'I would goto the end of the world with you, ma'am. But, dear, dear, dear, to think that you and Mr. Vansittart can be parted — you who have been eo happy together, like children almost ! It can only be a passing mis understanding. I am sure of that.' ' Benson, if you guess and speculate about my trouble I shall go alone. Can't you under stand that there are griefs [that rwon't,' bear to be spoken of? Mine is one of them. I am going abroad ; I hardly know where as yet. To some quiet places in Brittany or Normandy most likely, where I can just exist.' 'Oh, mjr dear mistress, you will kill your self with grief,' sobbed Benson, as she poured out the tea for her mistress. While Benson was packing, with all the dexterity andmethod of an accomplished packer, Eve was employed in writing the most difficult letter she had ever written in her life. She was writing to her husband's mother, the woman who had received her ab first reluctantly, but afterwards with tenderness and motherly affection ; the woman who had surrendered the son she adored to the wife he had chosen for himself and who looked to that wife for the happiness of her son's future years. Penniless, the daughter of a disreputable father, with no social surroundings of family influence to re commend her, she had been accepted by Jack Vansittart's relations; petted and praised by his sister; lovingly cherished by his mother, and for recompense of their trust in her what was she going to give them ? She was going to spoil her husband's life in the heydey of youth and love; to leave him bound in wedlock and yetcompanionless; with a wife and no wife. He could not divorce her; she could not divorce him. His sin was not of the kind which breaks marriage bonds. ? What could she say to her mother-in-law which could in any manner explain or justify the parting of husband and wife who until yesterday bad been living together in seem ingly happiest union ? There was no expla nation, no justification possible. The mystery of those two broken lives and broken hearts must remain for ever a^mystery to their kindred and' the world. ' My husband and I have agreed to parb, and our parting must needs be for a lifetime,' ehe .wrote. 'We can tell no one our reasons, not even you, mother, who of all people have the strongest right, to question us. Unfaithful ness or lessening love has nothing to do with our separation. I never loved my husband better than I love him now ; or, at least, I never knew the strength of my love for him so well as I know it now. What must be must be. It is fate and not our own wills that divides us. Wherever he may go my hearb goes with him. Think of me with indulgence if you can; pity me if you can, for I have direst need of your pity.' She said nothing about her destination. She had not made up her mind yet where she was to go. She sat for an hour or more turning the leaves of the Continental time-table ; now - thinking she would go by Ostend and to the Ardennes; and then again deciding upon Brittany. It mattered nothing to her where she went ; all places were alike, except for her desire to avoid tbe people she knew. Finally she decided upon crossing to Sb. Malo by the boat that lefb Southampton at five o'clock next day, and from Sb. Malo to Dinan or Avranehes. She would avoid the .seaside where English visitors would be likely to be met at this season. The Norman and Breton towns she knew by repute as places where people lived quietly and economically, forgotten by the world. The same post which brought Mrs. Van sittart Eve's letter from London bronghb her a letter from her son written from Southamp ton:— ' Yon will be surprised at the address from which I write, and still more surprised when I tell you that Southampton is only the first! stage on my journey to South Africa. I sail from here to the Cape, and from thence shall make my way to whichever portion of the Dark Continent promises beat for health and enjoyment at this time of year. Do nob be uneasy about me, my dear mother. I shall take counsel with experienced travellers before I turn my back upon the civilised world, and I - shall not go to meet fever, famine, or assassina tion. You shall hear from me at each stage of my wanderings. I do not go as a scientific explorer or. as a sportsman in quest of big game. I go with the desire to escape from civilisation, monotony, and my own thoughts, which just now are of the saddest. 'A cloud has spread itself between Eve and me, and we two, who were so happy in each other's affection a little while ago, have agreed to part. I fear sever again to live together. I cannot tell you our reasons, for they involve a sectet the revelation of whioh would be disastrous to me— the only secret I ever kept from you. Eve is blameless — chaste and faithful as in the beginning of our wedded lives. I implore you to think of her always with affection ; to shelter and cherish her if ever she appeals to your love or claims your protection. She is entitled to your respect and to your pity. The only Bitaier — never a deliberate einner — is your son, who in his shattered domestic life pays the forfeit of oue unhappy act.' Chapxee yyy. — A Double Exile. Hail, dark .mother of wanderer*, parched '~ nurse of lions, amidst thy sandy wildernes3 r : ; grief and dishonor/may forget themselves — with thee man is only man ! He leaves that other half of himself, reputation, yonder in the crowd, and in these solitudes becomes a crea ture of thews and sinews, valuable only for his strength and endurance, for the range of his eye and the truth of his hand. He has done with the outward showa of life and with all nice, differences between good and bad. Here, worth is to be measured by the hunter's fleet ness of foot and honor by the marksman's aim. What a man is counts for but little ; what he can do forjnneh. In that aching'misery which possessed him when he left .England John Vansittart looked to the desert as his best refuge. The hunter's Me in Mashona land gives scanty leisure for brooding over the ruins of a home in England. The early march, the rough life, ths necessity of providing for the sustenance of his party with his gun leaves the head of the expedition briefest time for introspective thought. His slumbers are for the most parb dreamless, or his dreams are of lions prowling by the camp fire ; not ^of the losb faces at home. Bast of all, his conscience is at ease, for face to face with man in his most primitive aspect he loses the habit of weighing his past acts and com paring, with futile regret, the things he has done with the things he ought to have done. For Vansittart there could have been no better refuge than the desert. Here if his heart wounds were nob healed his consciousness of sin was' deadened. Here, where no exaggerated value was set on human life, he could remember Harold Merchant's death with less intensity of pain. Here, where the black man freely turned his knife or his gun against his fellow man, a mischance such as that of Florian's Cafe seemed a small thing — the [fortune [of war, a spurt of anger, an unlucky blow, and there an end. Every man must die somehow; and ib may not be the worst doom to drop down in the fulness of youth and vigor, knowing not the slow agonies of gradual extinction, the torture of dying by inches. Vansittarf s thoughts were tempered by his surroundings. His character took new colors in that vivid life, in that lapse backward from the civilised and the complicated to the primi tive stage of man's history. It was as if Time hsd turned his glass and the earth were young. The wild race of Cain, the outcast, could have been no wilder than these woolly-haired fol lowers of his, who were faithful to him because he was a good shot. Nature, ^the [great consoler, helped him to forget his grief by forgetting {himself.;, Here, face to face with nature's mightiest forces, man's sense of his own personality dwindles to the faintest shadow in the vastness of his sur roundings. Instead of Trafalgar-square he has the falls of the Zambesi, instead of the languid club lounger he has the elephant and the lion for his com panions — the purring growl of the lion instead of the gossip of the smoking-room, the trumpet of the elephant instead of the chatter of the dinner-table. Surely it h good for a man to be alone in the wilderness — alone save for the company of followers who may change their minds about him and murder Mm on the slightest provocation. It is good for him to feel his own insignificance among men who value him only for his powder and shot and who will lose their reverence for his white superiority with the spending of his last cartridge. Here he must needs forget that pride of place which at home was a parb of bis being. Here there are no tradesmen to fawn upon him, no servants to touch their hats to him, no women to praise him. Small food for vanity here, where the darkies call his smooth flab hair dog's hair, and his sunburnt, sinewy arm an ourang outang's arm. Here if the women Tawn upon him it is not for bis smiles or 'Jm [favor, but for beads or printed calico, such vivid orange or scarlet fabrics, figured with stars or half moons, as Man chester weaves on purpose for the Torrid Zone. Here if the men are true to hi™ it is because he can feed them and pay them. He is in a world of stern facts, where sentiment and sophisti cation are unknown. - The atmosphere suits him. The primitive . interests of this primitive life help to shut off that other life where all is gloom, the life of thought 'and of memory. Sufficient for the day, that is the motto here ; food for] the day ; safety for the dayj fuel for the camp fire, cartridges for the guns. Beside them, behind them, ahead of them stalk dangers thatJEorope knows not. Danger from beasts of prey ; danger from men as cruel; fever, starvation, death in many shapes— all the vicissitudes of a life between the desert and the eky. Fortunelfavors'.him in his desolation of spirit. A happier man might have been less lucky. A man more careful of his life, with more to live for, might have hardly escaped scot free from all the dangers of a rarely-trodden route. Travellers far more experienced wondered afterwards when they heard the story of this man's travels and the impunity with which he had done desperate things. Hifl daring had been the audacity of ignorance, they said. If he had kaown the extent of the peril in such a route, with so email a party, with such inadequate prepara tions, he would have been a madman to ad tempi; it. Had he answered them truthfully he would have told them that he was a madman when he attempted it ; mad with the agony of a life that was blighted ; mad with the bitt°r memories of lost happiness. OE these wedded- lovers, parted in the noon tide of their love, one carried his -wounded heart [to the wilderness and sought for bran qoility of spirit in a life of movement and peril; the other, the weaker vessel, had.no such large resources. The hie of adventure, the everchanging horizon, were not for her. She could only creep to some quiet haven and sit alone and brood upon her grief. She went first to Avranehes; then late in the autumn she took a fancy to the solitude of Mont St. Michel, the quaint monastic citadel, the fortress on rock ; and here, when the lasb of the tourists had gone and the equinoctial gales were roaring fiercely round the Gothic towers, ehe took up her abode in an apartment specially prepared for her by the cheery patronne of the Inn at the Gate— an apartment upon the ramparts, with windows looking wide over the eea to Coutance and Jersey. Benson, who had a constitution of iron, complained bitterly of this wind-swept rook, yet had to own later that her health had never been better. Eve stopped here late into the winter, sketching a little, reading a great deal, wandering on the sands in all weathers, and sometimes wishing that her footsteps would take her unawares to that portion of the bay where, as in the Kelpie's flow, sorrow niighb find a grave. An imprudent ramble in the marshy fields between Pontorson and the Mount, which left her belated in the mists of a November even ing, resulted in congestion of the lungs. She had contrived to lose herself among those salt meadows as completely as ever her husband had lost himself in Mashonaland, and it was eleven o'clock when she and her whimpering attendant tottered along the causeway leading to the gates of the fortress, footsore and weary, their shoes worn out in that long tramp over the coarse grass and the sandy hillocks. Benson telegraphed to Miss Marchant at Fernhurst,| and Sophy appeared on the scene as quickly as boat and rail and a wretched fly from Avranehes, with harness eked out by bits of rope, could bring her. Sophy was broken hearted ab this cruel turn which her sister's bright fortunes had taken and agonised with remorseful retrospection. Ib was she, perhaps, whose imprudent tongue had parted husband and wife, had destroyed that happy home. Sophy hated herself for the folly of that reve lation. Why could she not have let well alone ? Why could she not have left undis turbed that happy state of things by which she herself had profited so richly ? Looking back upon her conduct of that fatal week she saw that it was her own disappointment which had soared her, and her own selfish vexation which had made her so angry with Vansittart. It was a long time before Eve was well enough for serious talk of any kind. ~ She rallied slowly and daring a monotonous days of her convalescence she was treated as a child, who must only hear smooth and pleasant things, bnt when she was well again, quite well, save for tfcat little hacking conga, which seemed to have become an element of her being, Sophy ventured to approach the subject of her domestic sorrows. 'I have been utterly miserable since that day I left Charles-street,' saidjSophy, seated beside Eve's easy chair and resting her fore head on the cushioned arm as she talked, so that her face was invisible. 'I have hated - myself for speaking of your husband as I did —only upon hearsay. After all Mr. Sefton might have misinterpreted Jack's conduct. Itt might all have been a mistake.' ' It was a mistake, Sophy.' ' Oh, I am so glad. You found out ab onse that Mr. Sefton was wrong.' 'Yes.' , 'Thank God ! Bub then,' looking up at her — J sister in blank astonishment; 'if that is so, -gT why are you parted, Jack and you ?' ^^ ' That is our secret, Sophy.' ^^ ' But why, but why ? I can't understand. ^*' There could be only one reason for your leaving _— him -when you loved him so dearly. Nothing fjj but the knowledge of his infidelity would mmm, justify ? ' «y~ 'Stop, Sophy,' said Eve peremptorily. y^ 'There ia nothing gained by speculating f*. about other people's business. My husband ^^^ and I have our own reasons for taking different roads. We have never quarrelled, we have -ji never ceased to care for each other. I shall »J» love him with all my heart and mind and ^^ strength till my last breath.' J^ 'I euees your reason,' answered Ssphy, . a nodding sagaciously. 'He is an Athejat and J— you, who have alffjys been a good Church- » % vromau, could not go on living with au uu- V*/ believer.' . Ill *' Ob, Sophy, do you think I shoald forsake ?*? him because he was without hope or comfort XJL* from God ? Why do you tease me with foolish | - i guesses ? I tell you again the reason of our IW parting is our secret— a secret that will gtt _^S down with me to the grave.' ?»-* Sophy's «ager imagination ran not in the world 'of. mystery. Politics, freemasonry, hypnotism, tiheoBophy, nihilism, hereditary ghost, a family feta£ty. Tnat lively mind of hers touched each poseolrifitv, rejected each, flew off to the next. And lastly, wi&a; sigh of relief, che exclaimed— 'I am more tlhankfnlthanTc&n; say that it was sot my imprudent tongue which parted yon.' An bom later, miking alone on the ram* parts, she told Iwrsetf tha» in all probability this desolate wife was only throwing dost in her eya .and that Vansrttarlte moonstancy been dearly demonstrated in accordance with Sefton's story. It would be only like a devoted wife to violate tmtii ip. order to vindi cateher husband. Pride and love would alike urge her to deny her husband's infidelity. (To be continued.) 