[?] A MILITABY NOVEL By G.A. HENTT, = Author of 'The Curse of Carnes Hold,' 'A Hidden Foe,' &c; (Published by epeolal arrugement with the author. ? ...--.-.. -.. . AU rights rf served ] : . ? . '.. -. _ .Chapteb IX. : uoctor Wade war-exttmg in the verandah, sniokingand reading ^aa English paper that had arrived by that morning^ mall, when Isobel returned. T- -. - -? ? . ; ;, : . ?? ; :? *|. Good morning, ^^ doctor, is uncle back?' ' Not yet: He told me he might be half an - hour late-and that I was to come round and amuse yon untillie came back.' - - ' So in my absence you have been amusing youreelf, dbstor. I have been round at Mrs. thifl evening, and we are all to go.' ' Yes, I got a chit from her this morning. I have seen scores of them, but I make a point of never missing, an exhibition when I get the chance. I hate anything I don't understand, and I go with the taint hope of being able to . find thongs out, though I know perfectly well that I shall not do so.' ' Then you think it is not all quite natural, doctor?' 'I don't say it is not natural, because we don t know what all the natural laws are, but I eay that socae of the things I have seen cer ? tainly are not to.be accounted for by anything we do know. It is not often that the jugglers show their best tricks to the whites — they know that asa rule we are altogether. sceptical, but I have seen at native courts more than once the most astounding thrngs ; things absolutely in comprehensible and inexplicable. . I don't suppose we are going to see anything of that bom to- night, though Mrs. Hunter said in her note that they had' heard from the native servant that this man was a famous one. 'There is a sect of people in India, I don't mean a caste, but i aeorji of eeqreti society, who, I believe, claim to^j&abSe; by, some. sort, of in- ? fldence to euspen&^^e^rttelawsof- natnrS^ ; I do not say th^l^^^fthem ; asa^iiBntiael . man it ismy 4u^^^^^glieve tfero,1j'ut JZ have seen euchf^mn^Pllorie By some of -the^: higher class of juggler*, and that under cir cumstances that did not seem to admit of the possibility of deception, that I am obliged to suspend: my . judgmentr, 'which, as you may imagine, my dear, is exceedingly annoying to nie,.bnt some of them do possess toaconaiderable extent what the Scotch call second eight, that is to say, the power -of foreseeing certain events in the future. Of that I am morally certain ; I have seen proofs of it over and over again. 'For example, once an old fakir whom I bad cjired of a badly ulcerated limb came up just as I was starting on a shooting expedi tion.' ' ' Do not go out to-day,' he said. * I fore see evil for you. I saw you last night brought back badly wounded.' ' * But if I don't go your dream will come wrong,' 1 said. He ehook his head. ''You will go in spite of what I say, he said, ? and you will suffer and others too,' and he looked at a group of shikaris who were standing together ready to make a start. ' ' How many men are there,' he said. ''.' Why six, of course,'. I replied. ' ' I see only three,' he said, ' and three dull spots. One of those I see 13 holding his match look on his shoulder, another is examining his priming, the third is sitting down by the fire. Those three will come back at the end of the day ; the other three will not return alive.' 'I felt rather uncomfortable, but I wasn't as I said to myself— I was a good deal younger then, my dear —such a fool as to be detuned from what promised to be a good day's sport by such nonsense aa this, and I went. . ' We were going after a rogue elephant that had been doing a lot . of damage among the ?natives' plantations. We found him, and a savage brute he turned but to be. He moved just as I fired, and though I hit him it was not ;on the fatal spot, and he charged right down among us.'. He caught the very three men the fakir jsaid were doomed and dashed the life out of them ; then he came at me. The bearer had run off with my second gun, and he seized me and flungmeupin'the.air. ' ? ; .' I fell in a tree, but broke. three of my ribs - i and one of. my arms ; fortunately though the ?beast tried to get at me 'I was out of his reach and the tree was too strong for him to knock down. Then another man who was with me came up and killed him, and they got me down and carried me back, and I was weeks before I was about again. That was something more than a coincidence, I think. There was some \- twenty men out with us, 'and juab .the' four he had pointed out were hurt and no others. ~ ' I have seen scores of other cases in which these predictions have come true, especially in cases of disease; though I grant that here the .predictions often bring about their own tulfil ment. If a native is told by a fakir or Holy man that he is going to die he makes no 'Struggle to live. In several cases I have eeen natives whose deaths have been predicted die without, as far as my science could tell me, any disease or ailment whatever that should have been fatal to them. They simply sank — died I should say from pure fright. But put ting aside this class I have seen enough to con vince me that some at least among these fanatics do possess the power of second Bight.' *'That is very extraordinary, doctor; of course, I have heard of second sight among .certain 'old people in Scotland, but I did not believe in it.' ? 'I should not have believed in it if I had jnob seen the same, thing here in India. I [naturally have been interested in it and have [read pretty well everything that has been written about second sight among the High landers, and some of the incidents are so well authenticated that I scarcely see .how they can, be denied. OE course there' is no .accounting for it; but it is possible that among what we imay call primitive'psople there are certain intui tions or instincts, call them- what you like, that have been lost by civilised people. - '.The power of scent in a dog is something so vastly beyond anything we can even imagine possible that though we put it down to instinct it is really almost inexplicable. Take the case of dogs that have been known to have been taken railway journeys -of many hundred miles and to hare found their way homo again on foot. There is clearly the possession of a power which is to us absolutely unaccount able. ' But here comes your uncle, he will think I have been preaching a sermon to you if you look so grava' But Major Hannay was too occupied by his own thoughts to notice IsobeL ' Has anything gone wrong, major ?' the doctor asked as he saw hie face. 'I have just learnt,' the major said, 'that some more chupaties were brought last night. It is most annoying. I have questioned several of the native officers and they profess to have no idea whence they came or what is the mean ing of them. I wish we could get to the bottom of this thing, it keeps the troops in a ferment. If I could get hold of one of these messengers T WGuld'get out of him all he knew, even if I had to roast him to make him telL' ♦'My dear uncle,' lEobel said reprovingly, ' I am sure you don't mean what you say.' .. ..'' X don't know,'' he said, half laughing, ' I should, certainly consider myself perfectly justified in taking uncommonly strong steps to try to get to the bottom of this business. The thing is going on all over India and it must mean something, and it is all the worse if taken in connection with this absurd idea about the .greased cartridges. I grant that it was an act of folly greasing them at all when we know the idiotic prejudices the natives have, still it could hardly have been foreseen that this stir would have been made. .The issue of the cartridge^ nas' been stopped, but when the 'natives once get an idea into. their, minds it is 'next :to impossible to ' disabuse them of it. It .is a tiresome business altogether.' - . 'Tifien readyj sahib,-' Bumzan interrupted, .coming out on to the verandah. ~ ? ' '.That is tight, Rumzau.' Now, Isobel, let us think of more pleasant subjects.' 'We are to go into the Hunters this even ing, uncle,' Isobel said, as she sat down. 'There is going to be a famous juggler there. There is a note for you from Mrs. Hunter on the mantel.' ' Very well, my dear ; some of these fellows are well worth seeing. Bathuret is coming into dinner.. I saw him as be was starting this morning, just as he was going down to the lines, and be accepted. ' He said he should be able to get back in time. However, I don't suppose he will mind going round with us. I hope you will, come, doctor, to make up the table. I have asked the two boys to come in.' VI shall have to become a permanent boarder at. your establishment, major. It is really useless my keeping a cook when I am in here neariyhalf my time. Butlwilloome. I am off for three days to-morrow. A villager came, in this morning to beg me to go out to rid them of a tiger that has established hiuoEelf iii their neighborhood, and that is an invitation, that I never refuse if I can possibly manage to make time for it. Fortunately ever^-'bne is so healthy here at present that I oiri be very well At dinner the subject of- juggling came up again and the two subalterns expressed their opinion strongly that, it was all humbug. ' Doctor Wade believes in it, Mr. Wilson,' Ieobelsaid^ ' 'You don't eay ao, doctor;; I should have . thought' you were, the last sort of man who ' would have believed' iii conjurors.' '' 'It requires a wise man to believe, Wilson,' the dootor said, 'any fool can sooff, the wise man questions. When you have been here as long as I have, and if you ever get as much sense, as I have, whioh is doubtful, you may be ' less positive in your ideas, if you can call them ideas.' 'That Is one for me,' Wilson said good humoredly, while the others laughed. - .'Well, I have never seen -them, doctor, except those fellows who come round to the verandah, and I have seen conjurors at home do ever so much better tricks than they do.' v'What' do you think ' of them, Mr. Bathurst?' Isobel asked. 'I suppose you have seen some of the better sort ?' ' I do 'not know what to think of them, Miss . Hannay. I used to be rather of Wilson's, opinion, but I have seen things since that I could not account for at alL - There was a man here two or three months back who astounded me.' ? ? . . -- ' Mrs. Hunter said that the girls had had no opportunity of seeing a good conjuror since ; they came out, Mr. Bathurst. I suppose they did not know this man you are speaking of beinghere?' - . , .. : 'He was only here for a few hours, Miss - Hannay. I hid happened to meet him before ? and he gave me a private performance, which' .was quite different to anything I have ever seen, though I had - often heard of thw feats he had performed. ' J. was so impressed with them that I can assure you that for a few days I had great difficulty in keeping my mind upon my work.' . ' What did he do. Mr/Bathurst f Bflthucst related theioatef ihediaappearing gW. :^. j: -?.;;:.;'?:-?. \';'-''-r'--V«-::. ':. ??????? 'Shejmust- have jumped down 'whei 'ytm were noj6 looking,'? Richards said,. with an air of conviction. - ?? ? . -j -.;,....... ?-?:,-: ? ; ' Possibly,' Bathurst replied quietly. 'But as I was within three or four yards of the pole and it was perfectly distinct in the light of my lamp, and as I certainly saw her till she was some thirty or forty feet up in the air, I don't see how she can have managed it. For even supposing she could - have sprung down that distance without being hurt she would not have come down so noiselessly that ' I should not have heard her;-' ' SsilL if she did not oome down that way how could she have come?' Wilson said. ' That is exactly what I can't make out,' Bathurst replied; ' If it should happen to be the same man and he will do the same thing again I fancy you will be as much puzzled as I Was.' :..???'? ? .:'? ? - ??-'? After dinner was over the party walked' across to Mr. Hunter's bungalow,, where «va-, short time the other officers, thi3r^#jara^|£i&: all the other residents at tto^tati«3pa^ assembled.- Chairs were place*® n mememiL-j eaa tor tEgataaies ana a nrwnbe* ot^awps t*asK-= 5«B the wall,- so that a strong light -#asMr«vnA jqm-n the. ground in front of it;-ialamliti£a-i/ «&^3te.:bad been driven info :tiie^ppi '?^feriJj^P^y feet from the verandMrirjnid Iamp3 had been fastened upon them. ' I don't know whether the juggler will like that,' Mr. Hunter said, ' 'and I shan't light them if he objects. I don't think myself it is quite fair having a light behind him ; still if he agrees it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movement) without) being seen.' The juggler, who was sitting round at the other side of. the house, was .now called up, he and thegicl who followed him salaamed deeply and made an even deeper bow to Bathursn, who was standing behind Isabel's chair. 'You must have paid them well, Bathurst,' Major Hannay said. ' They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favors. I suppose they are the pame you were talking about?1 ' Ye?, they are the same people, major.' Then he said in the native dialect ot the juggler, 'Mr. Hunter has put some posts with lamps behind you, Kujub, but he hasn't lit them because he did not known whether you would object.' ' They can be lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkDess. Any of the sahib3 who like to stand behind us can do so if they do not come within the line of those posts.' .' Let U3 go out there,' Wilson said to Richards when tbe answer was translated ; ' we will light the lamps and we shall eee better there than we shall here.' The two went round to tho other side and lit the lamps, and the Bervauts stood a short dis tance off on either side. The first trick shown was the well-known mango tree. The jaggler placed a seed in the ground, poured some water upon it from a lota, and C3vered it with a cloth. In two or three minutes he lifted this and a plant four or five inches high was seen. He covered this with a tall basket, which' he first handed round for inspec tion. Oaretnoving this a mango tree some threo feet high in full bloom was seen. It was again covered, and when the banket was removed' it was seen to be covered with ripe fruit, eliciting exclamations of astonishment from those among the spectators who had not before seen the trick performed.' ? . ' Now, Wilson,' the dootor said, ' perhaps you will be kind enough to explain to us all how this was done ?' 'I have no more idea than Adam, doctor.' 'Then we will leave it to Richards. He promised us at dinner to keep his eyes well open.' Richards made no reply. ' How was it done, Mr. Bathurst ? It seems almost like a miracle.' 'I am as ignorant as Wilson is, Miss Hannay. I can't account for it in any way and I have seen it done a score of times. Ah ! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't be alarmed when you hear the girl cry out. Yoa may be quite sure that she is not hurt. The father is deeply attached to her and^ would not hurt a hair of her head.' Again the usual methods were adopted. The basket was placed on the ground and the girl stepped into it without the pretence of fear usually exhibited by the performers. Before the triok b^gau Major Hannay said to CaptsLin Doolau, 'Come round with, me to the side of those boys. I know the first time I saw it done I was nearly throwing myself on the juggler, and Wilson is a hot-headed boy and is likely as not to do so. If he did the man would probably go off in a huff and show us nothing more. From what Bathurst said we are likely to see something unusual.' As soon as the lid was put down an ap parently angry colloquy took place between the juggler and the girl inside. Presently the man appeared to become enraged and snatching up a long, straight sword from the ground ran it . three or four times through the basket. A loud shriek followed, the' first thrust and then all was silent. .' '?'?',' Some of the ladies rose to their feet with a cry of horror, Isobel among them. Wilson' ! and Richards both started torush forward, but were seized by the collars by the major and Captain Doolan. ? 'Will you open the basket?' the jaggler said quietly to Mrs. Hunter. As she had seen the trick before ehe stepped forward without hesitation, opened the lid of the basket, and said, 'It is empty.' The juggler took it and held it'up bottom upwards. 'What on earth has become of the girl?' Wilson exclaimed. As he spoke she passed between him and Richards baok to her father's side. ' WelL I am dashed.' Wilson murmured. 'I would not have believed it if fifty people had sworn .to me they had seen it' He was too much conformed even to reply when the dootor sarcastically said— 'We are waiting for your exp'anation, gentlemen.' ' Will you ask him, major,' Richards said, as he wiped his forehead with his pockethand kerchief, 'to make sure that she was solid?' The major translated the. request and the girl at once came across and Richards touched her with evident doubt as to whether she was really flesh and blood. There was muoh curiosity among those who had seen jugglers before as to what would be the next feat, for generally those just seen were the closing ones of a performance, but as these were the first it seemed that those to follow must be extraordinary indeed. The next feat was the one shown to Bathurst and was performed exactly as upon that occa sion except that as the girl rose beyond the circle of light she remained distinctly visible, a sorb of phosphoric light playing around her. Those in the verandah had come out now, the juggler warning them not to approach within six feet of the pole. Higher and higher the girl went until those below Judged her to be at least a hundred and. htty feet from the ground. J.nen tne iigMt died out and she disappeared from their sight. There was .silence for a minute or two, and then .the end of the pole could be eeen descend ing without her. - Another minute -and it was reduced to the length it had been at starting. The spectators were silent now, the whole thing was so strange and mysterious that they had no words to express their feeling. The' juggler ' said something which Mr. Hunter translated to be a request for all to resume their places. 'That is a wonderful trick,' the doctor said to Bathurst. ' I have never seen it done that way before, but I once saw a jaggler throw up a rope into the air, how high it went I don't know, for like this it was done at night, but t stood up perfectly stiff and the juggler's atten dant climbed up. He went higher and higher and we could hear his voice coming down to us. At lash it stopped and then suddenly the rope foil in coils on the ground and the boy walked quietly in just as that girl has done now.' ? , The girl now placed herself in the centre of the open space. ''iou will pleaee not to speak while this trick is being performed,' the juggler said ; 'harm might come of id. Watch thegrouLd near her feet.' , . A minute later a dark object made its ap pearance from the ground. It rose higher and higher with an undulating movement. 'By Jove, it is a python,' the doctor whispered in Bathurst's ear. A similar ex clamation broke from several of the others, but the jaggler waved bis hand with an authori tative hush. The snake rose until its head towered above that of tbe girl and then began . to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground it enveloped her with five coib each thicker than a ?man's arm.. It raised its head above hers and hissed loudly and angrily; then its tail begun to descend, gradually the coils unwound flwmserres— lower and lower it descended until it disap. peared altogether. It was some time before' anyone spoke, so great was the feeling of. wonder. The dootor was the first to break the' silence. - «llL HV% ?,evet ^eenJ that before.' 1» said,' 'though I have heard of it from a native rajah.'r : , ; ^'Would the sahibs like to see more'' tho juggler asked.. ' . The two MissIHunters, Mrs. Rintoul, and several of the others said 'they had seen enough,' but among the men there was *? general wish to see another feat. 'I would not have missed this for any thing,'. : the doctor said ; ' it would be simple madness to thrown away such a chance.' Tbe ladies, therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, ? Mrs. Doolan, and Isobel, retired into the house.. ? ...-?' j 'Youmustallgoonone'side now,' the juggler. /.-; . said, ' for it is only on one side what lam now / t' ; going to do can be seen.' : . ?-..-. : ^He then proceeded to light afire of charcoal,! . ' . . - ?when he had^done .this he said, 'the lights: ? must now be extinguished 'and the curtains , ': drawn, so that tbe light will not stream on*' from the house.' ? . ? .- . .1 - .'? : -As soon as this was done he poured a powder. '',''? iover the fire and by its faint light the cloud* of' j white smoke could be seen. * ~ 1 ! 'Now I will show you the past,' he said,; 'who speaks.' , ? There was silence, and then Dr. Wade-aid— ' . a£T'iSiHS~iight stole up over the smoke ; ift . grew brighter and brighter and then a picture was cifearijKseen^upon it. . ; : It was the sea, -a house standing by itself in a- \- Igardrtnand separated irtHB-the water only by. a road. Presently thVJmjre. of a'gktappearefe :':''?'.? at the gate and slipping out looked down tbsr - v'; . road as if waiting for some one. They wold; make out all the details of her dreBsandsee : . -': .. her features distinctly, A low exclamation1 : : ' '-' ' - broke from the dootor, then the picture gradually faded away. 'The future,' the juggler said, and gradually - an Indian scene appeared on the smoke. It was a long, straight road bordered by a jungle. A native was seen approaching ; he paused in the foreground. , ' That is you, dootor,' Mr. Hunter ex claimed, ' you are got up as a native, but it's you.' ? , Almost at the same moment two figures came out from the jungle, they were also in nativa ^ress..— - , . ... . l f§Si^-Y-tti and Hiss Hannay,' the doctor said in pt- low^BEHre;, 1©, Bathnrst, ' dressed like natives PLand mSmWati no one else detected the die &UBeg4;≪&g; picture again faded away. ; ^ V5Ii&|li8nonghi Rujub,' Bathurst said, for he feljrriBObeV lean back heavily against tho jjMjd ifcSgjh JSb held at the back of her chair aiid felt sure that she had fainted. ' Draw back the curtains someone, I fancy this has bean too much for Miss Hannay.'' : \- The curtains were thrown back, and Mrs. Hunter running in brought out a lamp. The doctor had already taken his place by Isobel's side. ' . *' Yes, she has fainted,'-' he said to Bathurst), ' carry her in her chair as she is so that she may be in the room when she comes to.' This was done. 'Now, gentlemen,' the doctor eaid, 'yon. had better light the lamps again out here, and leave the ladies and me to get Miss Hannay round.' When the Iamp3 were lit it could be eeen that tbe whole of the men were a good deal shaken by what they had seen. ' Well,' Mr. Hunter said, ' they told ma be was a famous juggler, but) that beat any thing I have seen before. I have heard of such things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom that Europeans get a chance of seeing them.'' 'I don't want to see anything of the sort again,' Major Hannay said, 'it shakes one's, notions of things in general. I fancy, Hunter, that we shall want a strong peg all round to steady our nerves. I own that I feel as shaky aB a boy who think he sees a ghost on his way through a churchyard.' ; There was 'a general murmur of agreement, aud the materials were quickly brought. 'Well, Wilson, what do you and Rioharda think of it?' the major went on after he had. braced himself up with a strong glass of brandy and water, 'I should imagine you both, feel a little .less sceptical than you did two hours ago.' 'I don't know what Richards feels, major, but I know I feel like a fool. I am sorry, Bathurst, for what I said at dinner, but it ' really didn't seem to me to be possible whatj you told us about the girl croing up into the air and not coming down .again. Well, after I have seen what I have ..seen this evening- X won't disbelieve anything I hear in future . about these natives.' . ' It was natural enough that you should be. . incredulous,' Bathurst said. 'I should have been just a3 incredulous as you were when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, though I have seen some good jugglers before.' At this moment the doctor came out again. 'Miss Hannay is all right again now. major. I am not surprised at her fainting; old hand as I am at tLese matters, and I think . that I have seen as much, or more juggling; than any man iu India, I felt very queer my self, especially at the snake business. As I said, I have seen that ascension trick before, but bow it is done I have no — more idea than a ohild. Those smoke scenes, ' too, are astonishing. Of course they could be accounted for as thrown up a column of whita smoke by a magic lantern, but there was cer tainly uo magic lantern here, tbe juggler was standing close to* me and the girl was sitting at his fcob. I watched them both closely, and certainly they had no apparatus about them, by which rsuoh views could be thrown on tha amcka' ' You recognise the first scene, I suppose, doctor?1' Bathurst asked. ' Perfectly. It took me back twenty- five years. It was a cottage near Sidmoubh and . was correct iu every minute detail. The figure was that of the young lady I married four years afterwards. Many a time have I seen - her standing just like that as I went along tbe road to meet her from the little inn at which I was stopping; tho very pattern of her dress, which ltieed hardly say has never been in my mind all these years, was recalled to me. ' Had I been thinking of the .scene at the time I could have accounted for it somehow ? upon tbe theory that ia some way or other the- ; jaggler was conscious of, my thought and re flected it upon the smoke — how I don't at all mean to say — but, undoubtedly, there exists to some extent the power of thought) reading. It iB a mysterious subject and one of wbioh wa know absolutely nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred, years mankind: - may have discovered many secrets of nature in that direction. ' But I certainly was not thinking of that scene when I spoke and said ' the past.' I had' no doubt that he would show me something of the past, but certainly no particular incident . passed through my mind before that picture appeared on the smoke.' 'The other was almost as curious, doctor,' Captain Doolan said, ' for it was certainly you masquerading as a native. I believe the other was Bathurst— it struck me eo— and he seemed to be running off with some native girL Whab on earth could that all mean ? ' ' It is no nee puzzling ourselves about it,' the doctor said. ' It may or may not coma true. I have no inclination to go about dressed out as a native at present, but there is no say ing what) I may oome to. There is quica enough for us to wonder at in the other things. ; The mango and basket tricks I have seen a dozen times and am no nearer now than I was at first to understanding them. That ascension triok beats me altogether, and there wa3 some thing horribly uncanny about the snake.' ' Do you think it was a real snake, doctor?' ' That I cannot tell you, Richards. Every movement was perfectly natural. I could see the working of the ribs as it wound itself round the girl and the quivering of its tongue as it raised its head above her. At any other time I should be ready to take my affidavit! that it was a python of unusual size, but ad the present moment I should not like to give a decided opinion about anything connected with the performance.' ' I suppose it is no use asking the jaggler any questions. Hunter?', one of the other men said. . - 'Not in. the least; they never do answer questions. The higher class of jugglers treat, : their art as a sort of religious mystery and- ; , there is no instance known of their opening - their lips, although large sums have frequently. ? been offered them. -In the present case you; will certainly ask no questions, for the manu and girl have both disappeared with the boxi and apparatus and everything connected with ; them. They must have slipped off directly the last trick was over and before we had thai lamp lighted. I sent after him atonoe, bufci the servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed because I have not paid them.' 1 ' 1 am not surprised at that,' Dr. Wade said. ' It is quite in accordance with what X have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks; butj I have heard from natives that when they show any what I may call supernatural feats they do not take money. It is done to oblige some powerful rajah, and, as 1 have eaid, it is only on a very few occasions that Europeans have ever seen them. Well, we may as well go in to the ladies. I don't fancy any of them would be inclined to come out on to the verandah again this evening.' No one was inclined even for talk, and in a very short time the patty broke up and re turned home. ' Gome and smoke a pipe with me, Bathurst, before you turn in,' the doctor said as they ., wentout. 'I don't think either of osmll be ; likely to go to sleep for some time. What is your impression of all this ?' .,.-,.? „ ' 'Mylmpression certainly is that it is en-, tirely^maeeonbtable byany laws with.whicb. ^e'aTbAtwnjust my idea and always has been; since I first saw any really good jugglmg ou«, here! - Idon't believe in the least m anything supernatural, but I can quite believe that therlaremany natural laws of which at pro.. '*?*??&&?** MB ^entirely ignorant. ? believe the icnowledg^BFthBm atone time exafced'bntLhaB ; —— *£.^Pib belief in mwdiB-^L^Mdrte ahy- 4arowe2um knowledge -A The magien»ns «|%ttarto( Pharaoh threw down their '* TOdB »d tumed ttiem into serpente. The TJraohrf JEndor oaBedup the spirit of SamneL ' The Greeks, by no means a nation of fools, foe Jiftved implicitly in- the oracles. Coming down v*» oompMatiFely later times 1he workers or ? magic Wat &ar; books before St. 3?a-dL It ; doemt say, nwnd you, that those who pro ; tended to-work magic did so, but those who 1 ^E«rir travellers in Persia and India have 1 reporteTthmgs they saw far »»S«B8m£«»y wehave witnessed this evening, and there » «rtainly»B«*inIndiaatMesentOT »*!»«» l^of men, »nd those, mB§rafiI ^k^S abbTto learn, of an exceptionally intelligent dam. who believe that they po3Bess an almost absolute mastery over] the powera « a**'*' J TfaTeee, fifty years back tf anyone had talked : «bc-rtt»Yelling*t fifty miles an hour or Bend iBirame6»MBfivBtihonB»nd jmles maminnte he would nave been regarded as a madman. : There may yet be other discoveries as BtarBmg 'When I tna.in England Jfieard some thing of »Bet of people in America who called, themselves Spinfcu&liBte;, same of whom— ' notably, » young n»'» ^i»»ni*fl Home— claimed «b have the powerof raising themselves through the air. Itmfat from saying that each* power exiBts; it is of course oontrary to what we know of the laws of nature, batsnouldsuoh ' a- power exists,' it would aoooant torthedis* sppearanoeof the girl from l&etop; of the pole, xugbland second sight, carried somewhat farther and united with the power of conveying the impressions to others, would xosOTJUttor the pictures on the smoke^-that is supposing them to be tnHt ftcdi^rsonallylownthatl expeotthsy«llprovetobetrne-smlikelyaBit may seem thai yon, I, and Miss Hannay will ewer be going about in native attire.' By this time they bad reached the doctor's bungalow and had comfortably seated them selves. . ??- - - ?? . ?-? - .P ' :-? '?'' 'There is one thing that Hashed across me tak evening,*1 Batburst Baid. ;'I told yon that first evening I met Miss Hannay that I ha* a dietinot knowledge of her feoe. You laughed ait me fet the time and it certainly seemed absurd, but I was convinced I was not wrong. Sow I know how it was ; I told you' at dinner to-day about the feat of the girl going up and not coming down again, but I did not tell yon ' —for yon can understand it is a thing that I should- not oare to talk much about—that he ?: showed me a picture like those*we^aw to night. : w 'It was a house stand&g;? in a oonrtyard:! with a high wall round it' T did mo* particu larly observe the house. It was of the ordi nary native type, and might ftwjanytihingl know be Shehonse used as aconrtuby Hunter, and for keeping stores and so on ir£*he middle of this station. I don't say it wasihat; I-3id not notice it much. There was a breech in the onteide-wsai and ground i* there'-wa&a; fierce fight going on. A party to. offioers Jand ' civilians were repelling the assault' of a body of Sepoys. On the. terraced - roof of tJie houee others were standing, firing and looking on, an&Itjhinkengaged; iii loading rifles were Swo or three -women. One of them T. particularly * notioed, and now I recall it her fade was that of Miss Hannay, of that I am absolutely cer tain.' ~ ? . ?' ' ?' ''Iti8«uriouB,lad,-- the dootor said after a pauee, 'and the picture you see has «o far oome trne, that you have made the acquain tance with one of the actors whom you did not previousryinow. ' I aid not believe in the truth of it, doctor, and I do not believe in it now. There was one feature in the fight which- was, as I regret to know, impossible.' 'And what ;was that, Bathursty Bathnrst was silent for a time. 'Yon are an old friend, doctor, and you will understand my case and make more allowances for it wan moat people would. When I first came out here I dare say you heard, some sort of reports as to why I bad left the army aad had afterwards entered the Civil Service.* 'There were some stupid rumors,' the doctor said, 'that you had gone home on sick leave just after the battle of Chillianwalla and hud then sold out because you had shown the white feather. I need not say that I did not give any credit to it, there ib always gossip flying about as to the reasons a man leaves the army.' ' It was quite true, doctor. It is a hideous tiling to eay, but constitutionally I am. a coward.' 'I cannot -believe it,' the doctor said., warmly. 'Now that I know you, .you. are the last man of whom I would ^credit such a thing.' ? ?' ' ''?'?? ^ - 'It is the bane of my life,' Batburst went . oh. ' ' it fe my xcisf ortune, .for I win not allow ; it is my- fault In many things J am not a ' coward. -.''I think I could face any danger if the danger were a feQent one, but I cannot.; stand, noise. The report of a gun .makes me . tremble all over, even when it is a blank cart- ' ridge that is fired. When I ?was bom my father was in India; a«hort time before I came into the world my mother bad a great fright. Her house in the country was broken into by burglars,' who entered the room' and threatened to blow-out her brains if she moved, but the-, alarm was giv&v; the men servants came down*: aimed, there was a struggle in her .room, pistol ' shots were fired, s»d tbe targlare were over ? powered 'and -oaptnred. -My mother fainted sad was ill for weeks afterwards, in fact until the time I was born, /and she. died a few days later, never having, the doctor said, recovered from the shock she bad suffered that night. 'I grew up a weakly, timid. boy— the sort of boy that ib always bullied at school. My father, as you know, was a general officer and did not return home until I was ten years eld. He was naturally much disappointed in me and I tbink that added to my timidity, for it frew upon me rather than otherwise. Morally was not a coward. At school I can say that I never told a lie to avoid punishment, and my readiness to speak lie truth did nofc-addto, my popularity among the other boy's and I used to be called a eneak, which was even ' As I grew up Z shook 'off my delicacy and peev, as you. see, into a strongman. I then f qnght . ee veral batdes. at- -school ; : I learnt to : j-ideaad came to have. con6deaee in myself, - and though I liadno particular fancy for the ' army my father's heart »«s «o set, on it -tibat I : \- ofiered no pbjectionB. : That the sound' of- a; - ? ' gun iwa& ^tohorrent to me I knew, for the-fiist ; time my falser ;pat-a;gnaininy hand and 5 fired it I'fflinted and -nothing would persuade rae to 4^ again. ,3taU X thought that this was result of jterwoasaete as to finng-it myself: and ? tbat Ishonld getoyar it Ultima : : . ; '** A month or two after I was gazetted I went out to India with- the regiment and arrived inet in time to get np by forcea marches to take part in the battle of Chiilianwalla. The consequence was that up to tbat' time-'I literally had heard no musketry prabtaoe. 'Of the events of that battle I have no remembrance whatever ; from the moment the first mm was fired to the end of the dav I was as one paralysed. I saw nothing, X heard noi^une, I moved mechanically, but nappily my will or my instinct kept me in my place in the regiment. When all was over and silence followed the din I fell to the ground insensible. Happily f cri- me' the doctors declared I was in a etate of high fever, and so X remained for a fortnight ; As soon as I got. better I was sent down the' country, and I at once sent in my papers and went home. No doubt the affair was talked of and there were whispers as to the real cause of my illness. My father' was terribly angry when I returned horns and told liim -the truth of the' matter. That his son should be a coward was naturally an awful blow to him. Home was too unhappy to be endured, and when an uncle of mine, -who was'. & director on the company's board, offered me ' a berth in the Ciril Service I thankfully ' accepted it, believing that in that capacity I need nev^r hear a gun firei again. ' . 'Ton w/U understand, then, the anxiety I am feeling;owing to these^nmors of disaffec tipn among' Ae Sepoys and &B; posabilitry of ?nyliuajgJikefteeneralmutiDy. ' It js^not ot^beiog killed that I nave any fe»r, Aipon^befiontrarylhave suffered somoch in the last eight years- from the consciousness that treason why I left the army was widely Jcuown jthat Isiiould ««loome death if jt came «o me noiselessly, but the 'bhonght-that if there is teadOe I«haU «amedly not-be able-to play my part like a mail filla me wife abeolute bormr.iimlX'fmmoreiiiaaerer. ... ~'S6yoo*«ffi mjdftBtandBpwWhyaie ©ic *n»I saw. ia whicSu I jna fighting in tie middle of tb* 8*poys, s to a» '«ot Only im .UlW9ablej' * \flA \wlupqT -'impO8B»K8-' *'-:-Xt- |S :A l' horrible story t6*i*TO to telly Ttfajs the firal tiatelhave openedmylipsontheeubjeetfaneel spoke to my father, bntrl know ttat you, both «s« friend and a doctor, will pity rather than blame ma' ' ' ? 