? TWO KISSES That Christmas Ere we| wei£ all; : c^jeEL^e d^iSg^i'Ly awra-ud the} cb&vM;> . .fewing-room five; and, as my_.eU i>'dSt brother was then 011) Jjis jvkyj r-from* laiverpopJ.rvwheL-e lie ~'gaged m'Wsm'ess, expressly to" spend I Christmas Day at home, we 'children sion to' remain up" and await his arj rival. In the corner of %he hvoa4 fireplace, reclining in -her easy-chair.; grandma looked smilingly ,.fropi one young face to the otiieV^'ev-idfenkly.. ' .quite prepared; for the demand mad(3 Nor had she to wait very']6n£;-- : fbi--: scarcely had mamma looked at hev watch and announced that Richard might he expected to knock his usual louti " rat-a-ta.t-tat-tat-tat," - at the door in just forty-five minutes punctually from that moment,- when little Nellie turned to the white-haired old lady in the arm-chair and exclaimed, clapping her tiny hands : " Ob, story."' ' , , „ " "Yes, grandma, do! we all chimed in. _ . , " A lovely fairy tale," said Jitnei, ii young lady of nine summers. ' " No, no, grandma," expostulated Master Ned, who was two years Ethel's senior; "let's have a ghost story—oue that'll make oar flesh creep. , , " What rubbish ! " said Ethel, contemptuously. " As if every sensible person doesn't know, nowadays, ^that there's no such thing as a ghost." Quite as many as there are raines, anyhow, retorted Ned. Ah! but fairies are delightful, returned Ethel, determined to have the last word of the dispute^" and ghosts are always disagreeable.' "Well, well, children," said grandma, " we won't disc ass the question. Fairies and ghosts both have their merits, no doubt, especially from the stoiyteller's . point of view, and I should be sorry to say a single word against either. But, as tastes differ, Idon't think it desirable to make any of you dissatisfied, so I shall avoid both goblins and fairies to-night, and tell you a story about a certain old lady of your acquaintance." "A true, real old lady?" asked Edith, a quiet child of seven, who had not previously spoken. "Yes, my love," replied grandma, smiling. " The old lady I mean is a very genuine person—at least, I hope she is—and the story about her is perfectly true." All right, grandma," blurted out Master Ned; "if it's not going to be creepy, I hope it's funny, that's all." "I'm afraid you will be disappointed, my dear," continued grand- ma, shaking her head, "for the story is about myself, and I don't thiuk I ever did anything funny in my whole life." "About you, grandma?" we all exclaimed, joyfully:. ">Oh,..,do-«tftll. ' Well, then, children," said grandma, " when I was Gertrude's age and here the good old lady glanced 1 pleasantly at me—" I was much like what she is now ; that is to say, tall for a, girl of fourteen, slight of figure, with long, wavy, fair liair, blue eyes, and rosy.cheeks. In fact, if I may be allowed to say so, I was pronounced by good judges to be— ahem! rather attractive. My eyes are still blue, but the rest of my description is considerably altered, as you - see. Such changes will happen, you know, in the course of fifty years, so I shall not give way to fruitless lamentations. " At the time I mention I was.no longer quite a child, but could scarcely be considered a young lady—don't forget that I am speaking of -fifty yeairs ago, and that the girls of that period were by no means so advanced and so clever as those of the present day." (I half suspect this was;, "intended ironically.) " However, when I was fourteen;" o-randma continued, " I fancy I must have been still very simple-miuded, for my existence., apart fronT iny studies, was wrapped up in two passions, love for my only brother, whojn I worshipped, and an inordinate fond ue c s for- the game of battledore a'nd shuttlecock, then -as much m vogue f o lawn tennis is "now. Of course I loved- and revered: my.-" father, -who wa= then not far from sixty, <and looked older, through grief at the loss of my mother, who died -when I'..was an infant. My .brother—whom 1 used to call ':my big brotheras : ==twelve years my senior, and we were " Colonel 3?ortou J 5 oiiiy'-reniamnig-*cK'il- 'dren, a boy and-, girl-having-diedbe foie my bnth •" -It was darmg -:ihe autumn lio'li- 'days, oneveiy larny, unpleasant July we sometimes ha^e such July days m London, even noiv 1 —and I was in the diavung IOOUI moping, M * ctead of playing - shuttlecock m -the garden with my -brother Eredenck, • who was alwaysireadyto do anything " I a=ked, or, as lie called it, com- ••' manded. I was dozing over a.stupid book, when all-at;.once..I-.i3vas.,»r.o)ised by the sound of voices m the adjoining loom, mj fatl er's study In an other moment,-1-heard my father and \- -brother • ni revadent - altercation^, the former peaking m 1 ioud and angiy tones—so loud, indeed, that I.rcould hen distinctly evei y word he*atteipd whilst my Mother's voice, ugh -pitched m a lower lev, wal? quite audible thiougli the thin "iiaitition whicll separated the two disputanti from me ^ ^ " Fathei," aid Frederick, resiiect- (fiilly Mmt cfirmly 'J/ am ^solved to make "Maiy Gnthteit mv -wife,' be' 1 causpj she" is *in ^eyery^way^vforthy Jo bear j oui name, ^and , because pove tf Jher 'NI 5 S - -v R T S I T. u << 'LAIID I,' l eplied 3 my-^fath ei; R am , equally, IESOLVEDFI;HA^4'OU<FEH^\\] nof ^VjnytconsSnt agienmess governess J^OW^I^FIIPEISIST in your intention, J on. W ill -KNOWJ exabtly%e coui se'I SHAL^PUR-SUE^ ' -j.3 'Ij-undeistanaJyoUjtfathei J I,am ^ I F E G N E F E O offeig ^OP butpfrt I and the woman you arc about to force into my family are strangers to we forever.' r- : ^'J.„hope,. father, that time will convince you of the harshness-and in-. justice of such a determination—Jtoafc you Trill forget and forgive.' " ' Never, sir! Gtoodjbye.?!' ; •••• i; " In another, , instant: .the study, dooi opened, md my biotliei ap peared in the roomv /where 1; sat ^(Tniblin and bewildered. ~ He < was quite calm, but very pale. Perceiving me, he came at once and took me in his arms. "'Good-bye, darling,' he • sadly 'I am going -m ay foi "a long 'Jong time, and I don't know when I "shall see lh^*little sister again.' ; "'No, no 1 ' I cried 'Don't "ay that, dear Frederick! You know I am not angry with you—how could I be; angry w.ith. you/ my;; deal-,. kind brother?' .' ,.", " He ' looked' at me inquiringly. 'Ah!' he said. 'You heard what passed just. .now, Maggie, 'did yoi? r Then, as if remembering the di.fierchce m o® ages, lie added . ' I wish L could explain all to you, deal, but £ must not do that now Yon aie only a child, you know, little sister. 'Thgsb'We'-matters^OMct^o'v^iViiV 1 . 1^.". derstand better when you are a few years older. All I can say to you at present is that I shall always love you tenderly, whether I am near you or far away.' '"And I shall always love you, too, dear brother,' I sobbed. "He took me once more m lus strong arms, kissed my quivering lips, and was gone. . " A fortnight afterwards Frederick Norton married the woman to whom lie had given his heart, and now gave his name. It was a severe' shock to my father, whose soldier's notions of duty and obedience were thus set at defiance by his only son. 'I will never forgive him,' he declared, 'never!' " From that day the undivided arfection of the proud, imperious, selfwilled, but kind hearted old man centred in me alone. 1 became bis constant companion, and rather than permit me to be away from him even for a few hours each day, he took me from school, and engaged professors to continue my education under his' own immediate direction, whilst -he iZLlf vielded to all my girlish hinfs and caprices with llJ most:L ilicnlntp docility. This commenced S t u r of m? brother's departure, aud inc eased as time went on. My father anoeared to divine and antici- ^ e my'smaltst wishes, and often when /went out with him I >vas afraid to admire any trinket or kuicknack I happened to notice in the shop-windows, well knowing that | I did'so he would be sure to buy ic for me before the day was over. " To this paternal iudulgence there was only a single exception, and-on that one subject—my discarded bro- ther—Colonel Norton remained as immovable as a rock. , " Often and often I essayed _ _ to brirj" qbout a l-ecoucilation, and- ui fui thei wee of this much desued end I , 5 H « ab lufloeuce -1 but my efforts were totally unavailing. The moment I commenced the forbidden theuie, his brow darkened, and he commanded me to be silent. The tone be adopted on these occa- sions left me no alternative but to obey, I knew bis nature too well to lesist compliance with his will I w, lepuked but not v anquished Indeed^ my hopes of ultimate torv were not in the least diminished by many successive checks which might well have disheartened a feeble I «irl like me, .had I not been firmly 1 resolved to triumph in the end. I was a soldier's daughter, and I had read enough of Roman history to remember that to temporise is sometimes to win." " I know what thai means, grandma," interrupted Master Ned, eager to display his erudition. " What does it mean, my deal ? replied the old lady, smiling. '"Why, YJiv r Fabius amus v-/-uuuua.LL»j., Ounotator, the B.o man Consul, who played the winning M«ne against Hannibal," lepliedNed, rirmidly V " Ton aie perfectly light, Edwaid, and I adopted the Fabian policy of caution icLmg to fight mtbe open fipld but continually harassing, the enemy by countei maiches and am- Wades, like my wise Roman pre decessoi Ah' what a clever geneial oi field ma! sl/vl I might have made, U if only I had been a man " Well, time passed on, until be tween six and seven yeais had elapsed smce my fatliei and biother had sepatatedm anger A ^conciliation seemed as,fai off as ever, and I was Z ! t beginning to lose courage, when oue day at a dinner party given by a high functional y of that penod, it Which my ^ fatbei and I "were an incident ^ occuri ed that unexpectedly leMved my dioopmg J " Amonsst other suhiects of dinner table conversation, an allusion was made to aaecent lailway accident m ivInch, it was stated, a young civil engineer who chanced to be a passenon the tiam, had saved many hvesby his coolness and lWtiepidity The gentlemair who descubed the e^ ent w a str ngei seated p t onpo ite to-my fathei He i elated how the engine drnei had been uddenly seized with lUness knd the 1 comotn e left nngover ed IU bed on t full peed v hen the young man. si okeu 'of had "'crawled along thei footbo rds of the earn ge and- at \ the ii k of hi life ucceeded m stonninK the tLarn lust^m time to t Jie ? vent\ tei^ble catUop^i T , And^who wa^tbe I f m young fgllo^ inquired my faffiei c Toi a moment theie^ s an,em osyiu on T- am o"^ i „ ^ •— | father ^simply ^ M>v son orilv did I ^ But atthe^ ame-raoment^^leH staiSi'l^ole^ n i>! noli Jc 11? m lhC i5v 11 "uVf- itliL ituition | ] netd so icel> S4y thai biother and I had always kept up the most. affectionate ,. communications Tvith each other, .and, during the.years-. which followed his marriage, we 'had often met, though 1 caiefully concealed the fact from my father's knowledge. " I - was- -well .^aware. that my biothei had made his wiy in the world bylne own unaided exertions, and that'lie was highly esteemed by all who came into contact with him, socially or professionally. I knew, too, that in the helpmeet he had "hosen, he had happily -found a most; Excellent and" devoted wife, admired xnd respected by all who -were acquainted with her good-qualities. " On the- night of the memorable dinner-party, ! went to bed with a: serene and contented rovnd, firmly convinced 'that a very short; time would suffice to bring uiy plans to a successful issue 1 was determined tliEit tlio enemy should sui-rendoi-~a.t discretion, arms and V>ugg«g<v . " We were justthen at the begiih ning of Christmas week, and the great -festival of the year fell on a: Wednesday On the previous day my father, who -was always most punctilious in the observance of the old-fashioned English Christmas including a substantial English Christ-; mas dinner, called me into' his study. " • Now then, Maggie, my dear, lie said, with a cheery-smile, ' I want to consult my little girl on A matter of very serious importance. Of course, you have riot forgotten that to-morrow is Christmas ? Now, my, pet; | listen, I am going .to ask your advice. " ' My advice, papa ? Surely you must be joking!' . • , " ' Not at all. In fact, I don t mind-telling you in strict conhdence that I'm at my wit'R end, and it will be very kind of you to give me the benefit of your sage counsel- An l y g b m intimate friend of mine has a charging daughter, a gentle, afiectumate, devoted little girl who loves him, and he is very anxious to make her a nice Christmas present. He doesn t quite know what would please her test, and has asked me to suggest something. Now, as you and the young lady are of just about the same age, and I should be glad to oblige my old friend, I thought, perhaps you might give me a' hint.—Oh, hang long speeches and P ^ ™ 3 ^ ' he burst out, impetuously. v ™ cmld- ypu.Uke, ^aggie,for a Christmas-bos P there ! ,, , . " Of course I knew from ie beginning exactly what wasooming for t was merely a - repetition of a litt e comedy my father vepeated regula ly every year at Christmas-^e But I raised my; eyebrows prise, as if struck by the estiaoidi uary novelty of the idea. ' Good gracious, papa i Am I the young lady you mean ?' ''"' What other young lady should! mean, you little puss ? Come now speak out, and don't be afraid! I leel in a prodigal humour t M ^ h ^ S ^ and you must take advantage of jour old fetter's «Yourugeneron... in the least, be smpi^e rncxn ^ ^ - 1 P f ^ i n"® j- But- . -\ ,. " ' Well ?' ,., ' 1 '"This year I should like you jo give nie something very, very special, u < What- is it, my love ?' '• 1 You won't be angry?' <• ' Au"ry'.' said mv father, with a tino-e of sadness." ' Have I ever been will'voii "'No, dear papa, nevei Wiyou pxomise not to refuse me the Cbnstmas box I have set mj heart on, what ever it may be r — •'' That's rather a strong promise, jsn't it ? Very well, papa, Then I don't want " anything.' - " 1 Stop, stop ! Humph! 1 will go so far as to promise you anything it is in my power to give.' " 1 Anything f " ' Anything!' " ' Oh, dear papa, thank you! And I thre w my arms around his,neck an d kissed him oil both his bronzed cheeks. " ' There'' — I - exclaimed. , ' lo- , morrow, 3ust before we sit down to dinner, I shall ask jouformy Chnstmas-box.' ., ; - " ' To-morrow Maggie ? How am I-to buy youi Christmas box to-moi row? Why, all the shops will be closed!.. . , • - , „ - , T " ' Ah, but what I shall ask you foi is something you cannot buy ' 1 see you are teinbly perplexed, so J. ill relieve youi anxiety by dealing up the mystery I?or my Chiistmas box to morrow, you are to give me two kisses ' '•'Two kisseshe exclaimed de lighted 'I should rather think they areiot to be bought, nor so d eithei If you like, my dear, you shall have and- two to follow | them at ODce, I before dinner tomorrow Kisses? That's not much -of- a Ghristmas-box: I for a 1 gnl of twenty' "'Never mind, papa IJont, for get I have youi' -promise, the word of 1 a soldier "'Oh, Til keep it, nevei_ feai. And then, as he went away, 1 heard him muttei, ' But, by Jove I haven t promised not to give the child a hettei Chiistmas box than a couple of; kisses ' " The, next, day, punctually at four o clock, Pressed m my prettie t ±i ock I knocked at the study door, and m the most jmpie ne tone I could, muster announced If you plea e,; Colonel dmnei is on the table | All ught replied my i tliei with a smile of sati faction you sec; <L am^quite ^.eady and l^e got loaring appetite m ordei to dojUorioiJ to the teastr , T: l.am Relighted -to h.a. it J; ans vewd^Mow^-wiL^ou have the oonattct lfeffiMV ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ . jgth w e b nq^tinglhall ,: ^ J ^ * f «>«.', fur ^ISi sider my meaning, I took his arm, and led him into the dining roopi. Scarcely hkd we crossed the thres,- liold, wlien a sweet little giil of four summeis clasped my father's knee, and lisped, < Meuy Chiistmas, g'anpa' At the same moment a cnilyheaded, blue-eyed boy of six seized his coat tail, "and shunted 'Meny Christmas, gr^nd-pa' "My father stopped short, turned shaiply towards me, -with biows contracted,. and for a. moment my'lieait. sank within me I thought my plan, had failed. But the kind old man glanced at the two baby faces, and ui instant the threatened storm had passed away. Stooping, lie lifted both the childien in his arms,andcovered them with kisses, whilst I saw two big teirs roll down the veteran's cheeks. . " 'Now or never,' thought I, as I ranq- uicklytotliedoorandTeturned 1 , holding by one hand my brother Eredelick ana"~liy™uVSe'-o^o -J"- ,yomj: wife. I must admit it was a most anxious momentfor me, as my father looked from me to his son and the -woman who had "been the cause-of their long'esf rangement My father's expression w as by no means reassuring, and it needed all my courage to' speak as I did ' , " 'Fatliei,' I said with desperate esolution, 'yesterday you -pledged: our word as a soldier, that you would r me two kisses as. a Christmas ox. I am here to claim the fulfilment of your promise.' "For an instant he hesitated. Then, holding out both hands towards my brother; exclaimed : Frederick! My-son]' Father ! ' and they were locked in each other's embrace. " Tnrninf to where Mary , stood, with her two little ones at her. side, my father said with deep emotion:, " ' I know now that Maggie s, Christmas box was intended for yovi. If my white iiioustaclie doesn't frigid ten you, come; 1 . . " She threw herself into his arms,: and he=impi : inted two big, sounding kisses on her cheeks^ 'Maggies gift,, my dear—and mine.' ' Mary cried, "tut her tears were tears of joy and thankfulness. I rather fancy, indeed, everybody cried a little, but my father pretended to blow his nose violently, and rturned the matter o0 by taking 'Mary's liand, and conducting her to the -place of honour at the head of the table.' And never was there assembled together a happier Christinas' party tlian ; was gathered that day around my father s festive board." As the old lady spoke these words a loud i-at-tat:tat came atthe street door. "' Brother iElichard! Bichard! " we all shouted in niiison. " A"d that." said grandma-, " is the end of my story. 