MR STEAD'S "REAL 6H0ST STORIES." ,i " Real Ghost Storios " it tbe title ot the Christmas number' of tho u Review of Review" Tbo collection includes several old-fashioned blood-eurdtera : bat tho tlx- potroyworth, as a wboio, may be described as unique. Following are few examples of Mr Stead'a sensations : — ! the clairvoyant and the \ . . MJ1.DERER. j ; / Tho Idea of urine the clairvoyant oaa ' i spiritual sleuth- honnd to track down au ud- < ' known murderer baa always been a fascinat- log one. a Swedish doctor fjivca an ac count of a case in which evcrytbiug in tlio j ' vision taQiod with the case afiorwards got togothcraeaiust a particular man, woo bad I - atead with tho murdetsd man, but who ! got off with a sort of " not proven " vor- dict.— " The clairvoyant was hypnotised in my wife's pretooco and then ordered ' to look for the ploeo whero the murder bad been committed and too tbo wholo scene, follow tha murderer in bis flight, and deaedbo bim and his homo and tho motive for tho murder.' I Mhs Oln then spoko as followv, in great agitation, Bomclimca ueinc violent gestures. 2 took note of her exact words aod repro duce them hero fully:— It U between two villages — I ace a road to a wood— now it iseomiug— tho gnu — now be-in coming along, driving— tho horse is /afraid of the atones — hold tho horse ! hold tho horse ! now I now ho is killing him— he 'Was kneeling when ho fitcd— blood 1 blood 1 now no is running in tlio wood— adze, him 1— ho fs running in on oppo- lite direction to tho horse in many chcsite — oh any footpaths. Ho wears a cap and grey clothes— light — has feojb coarse brown hair, which has uotbocn ' «nt for . a long time— grcy-bluo eyes- treacherous look— great dark-brown beard- he is aoeoatomod to work on tho land. I 'believe he has cut bis right band. He has a , , aaar or a streak between bis thumb and loredoger. Ho is suspicious and a coward. ' . . - murderer a homo is a red wooden house, standing a UtUe'way 'back from the road. On tbe around-floorUaroomwhicnleada into the kitchen, and from that again into the passage. Ibero la also a larger room .which does not communicate, with tho kitchen. Tho church ' of Wisaefjerda Is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing In tho passage. ' His motive was oumity ; it seems aa if . he had bought something— taken something —a paper. He went awuy from, homo at daybreak, and tho murder was committed i In tho evening. ' Mlae Olaen waa then awakened, and, like .all my subjoota, alio romcmbored perfectly 'What sho had been scoing, which had \- made a very profound tmprcaaion on .her/" Everything tallied, rva it turned oat, down 1 :to tho scar on tho band - Tho clairvoyant had never, seen . the mur derer in bor life, aud know nothlug uf the i circumstances. 