flm:.ochtai Intdii^fltei \ ?_ , - - ' :'' .. '' ' Mai/don. — The Eight Eev. Dr. Goepaid his expected- visit to Maldonu on Thursday last, and left again by the afternoon train' on Friday. During his stay the Eight Eeverend Prelate was the guest of the Eev. E. W. and Mrs. Cooke, at the Vicarage. The first function in which the Bishop was occupied was the laying of the foundation-stone of the new porch of Holy Trinity Church, the handsome gift of Mrs: J. B. Eickard. Great interest had been aroused among the Church folk and others in expectation of this event, and a goodly assemblage was collected together outside the west end of the church as the hour of noon approached. A procession was formed in the vestry, which proceeded through the churchyard to the scene of the ceremony in the following order : — Choir boys, choir men, reader, vicar, chaplain (bearing the pastoral staff), and the Bishop of the Diocese. Arrived at the site of the foundations, the lady members of the choir were found grouped around the harmonium, which had been brought there for the purpose, with Miss Evans presiding. The Bishop now took up his position on a slightly raised platform facing High-street, having the staff-bearer (the Eev. E. A. Crawford, B.A.) on his left hand, beyond whom was the Incumbent. On his right hand was the large surpliced choir of boys and men. The scene at this moment in the bright sunshine was most picturesque and striking, and evidently impressed the crowd of spectators of the ceremony. The service commenced with the singing of Hymn 396 (second part) — ' Christ is made the sure Foundation'— after which Versicles and Eesponses were used alternately by the Incumbent and choir, prayers following for the donor of the porch, and for the builders of it. Psalm 84 was then chanted by the choir to a Gregorian tone, after which the laying of the stone commenced. Mr. John Bowe, the con tractor, stepping forward, addressed the Bishop in a few appropriate words, expressing the pleasure it gave him to offer a trowel for the Bishop's acceptance, and trusting that equal pleasure would be afforded to him in the receiving of it. The trowel, which is of solid silver, with an ivory handle, was richly chased and ornamented, having also the following inscription upon it :— ' Presented to the Eight Eeverend Dr. Goe on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the porch of Holy Trinity Church, Maldon, August 18th^ 1892, by Mr. John Bowe, contractor.' The Bishop having expressed his thanks for the offering, proceeded without further delay to Jay the stone in the accustomed manner, dedicating it 'to the glory and honour of Almighty God, and in pious memory of James Bentall Eickard, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' A very interesting and suitable address was then delivered by His Lordship, in which he pointed out the various uses to which a porch should be put, the dignity it imparted to the House of God, and (with special reference to him whom it commemorated) the beautiful symbolism by which it represented that state of waiting in paradise, the ante-chamber of heaven in which the souls of the holy departed are awaiting the joyful resurrection of their bodies on the last day. Hymn 239—' Christ is our Corner Stone' — was then sung, and a prayer offered for those entering through the porch into God's Temple. Hymn 215 — ' The Church's One Foundation'— followed, and the service closed .with the apostolic benediction pronounced by the Bishop holding his staff in his left hand, and blessing the people with. Ms right. Before the: procession retired Mr. :T. B. Davisbn, hon. treasurer of Holy Trinity, stepped forward, and explained that the porch was due to a suggestion made by the Eev. E. W. and Mrs. Cooke, which Mrs. Eickard had : ' gladly adopted. The Bishop's pastoral staff attracted much attention during the ceremony; its beautiful silver ornamenture', set off with costly jewels, and its richly-chased crook, with staff of polished wood, adorned with a silver figure of St. Paul, rendered it altogether a most handsome and fitting emblem of the Bishop's office as chief pastor of the diocese. In the afternoon a confirmation was held at Baringhup, ' ' when nineteen young persons of both sexes belonging to the Neereman congregation received the Apostolic rite. The young ladies wore white veils and dresses, and the behaviour of all alike was moBt seemly and- :'? reverent. The Bishop delivered two earnest and simple addresses before and after the laying on of hands, and the rapt attention of the confirmees showed how deeply they were impressed by the solemn rite; The service was new to most of the large congregation present, and they followed it with great interest. His Lordship expressed himself as greatly pleased with the conduct of the candidates, and . delivered some excellent advice to their parents. Full choral service ? at Trinity Church in the evening concluded the day's proceedings. Evensong was sung to Tallis' Eesponses by the Incumbent, and lessons were read by Eev. E. A. Crawford and Mr. Harris. . The anthem — ' Behold how joyful a thing it is to dwell together in unity'— was sung most admirably and with great precision, Mrs. Cooke, Miss M. Farley, and Mr. Sutcliffe taking the solos. The pastoral staff was., ' again carried in procession both before and after the service* The' Bishop gave an excellent sermon from 1 Timothy iv. 8, showing in - what true godliness really consisted, and the. kind of life that was pleasing to God..-r-Tarrangoioer Times,. August 20th. . . . ? ?^Moyhu and Greta. — The new church at Moyhu, dedicated to All: rSaints, was opened for Divine Service on Sunday afternoon, September 4th.\ The church is situated about a mile from the township, near the Hunction of the main road and the road towards Boeev (Jreek, and is more convenient and central than the old church, whjch was burnt down under most regrettable circumstances. The ; new building is of spacious proportions, and comprises a nave and chancel, two porches, a vestry, and a bell turret. The interior ? is pleasing. and church-like, the altar being elevated several steps above the nave level, and a suitable prayer-desk -and lectern being ? provided for the minister. The church was crowded to overflowing at the opening service, about two hundred persons being present. The glorious weather permitted friends from Oxley, Whitefield, Greta, Boggy Creek, &c;, to attend, who thereby showed their interest in the welfare of their brother-Churohmen at Moyhu. The east end of the church was decorated with flowers and evergreens by a few willing hands. The principal portions of the service were taken by the Eev. A. C. Kellaway, M.A., of St. James', Melbourne, a former reader . in the district, assisted by Mr. H.E. Mallet, the present reader. Special lessons were read, and appropriate hymns most heartily sung, and after an earnest sermon by Mr. Kellaway, the service concluded with the administration of the Holy Communion. The guardians of the^ - church and the people of Moyhu generally are to be congratulated ? upon the successful inauguration of their new church, for which they have worked so hard and so patiently. Wangabatta. — On Sunday, 25th ult., as' Bishop of Melbourne's deputation, the Eev. Mr. Marsh visited Wangaratta. In the morning, he preached a thoroughly practical sermon from St. John.xvii. J.5,. which has already resulted in known spiritual good. The congrega tion was large, and most attentive. In the evening the congregation was very large, when the reverend gentleman preached from St. Mark vii. 27 most eloquently, and at the close fully enforced and : explained the claims of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. The choir , woe lovnro or»d t.liA ninnrinor pvp.fi11f-nt. P8Tifip.ifl.llv f/ho n.nf/hem ' T?fiO.v not, O Land,' which can never be forgotten by those who had the privilege of hearing it. On the Monday evening he delivered his celebrated lecture, 'Eed, White, and Black,' which , was : .greatly. - appreciated, and a collection was made, on behalf of the Bishop of ? : Melbourne's Fund, and a lady secretary appointed. Although a concert was held in the town the same night, yet the Theatre Eoyal, in which the lecture was delivered, was very nearly filled. Yackandandah.— An induction service was held at Holy Trinity : Church on the evening of the 22nd ult. The Eev. Geo. F. Cross journeyed from Beech worth to officiate, and in a few well- chosen and appropriate words formally introduced the newly-appointed Incum bent,, the Eev. F. Vanston (late of Taradale), to those present. He exhorted the parishioners to assist the new Incumbent in his great work in this very extensive and far-reaching parish, and also laid particular stress on the fact that we ai'e very apt to become inactive and disinterested in the good work of the Church if it should so happen that the Incumbent does not reach our own particular ideal of what a minister should be. The little while Mr. Vanston has been here he has made a most favourable impression by his ability and the tact which he is exhibiting, and we feel assured with his arrival in the parish that Church-work will not retrograde nor be allowed to remain quiescent. 