fcoprniiiiiT.] Fernbrook's Double. — »-♦-? — A Romance of Maoriland. By Atha Westbury. CHAPTER IV.— (Co.vnxur.n). Whilo tlio iiddlea are. being tuned, nnd tho players are preparing for honest Philip Massingor's masterpiece, let me tako up tho wand of Hermes and put back old Father Time by aix yearB. The world was younger and brighter for Yictorine Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birth day, a birthday at which there hail been mi innocent drinking of ten at Major Hargrave'a cottage, on tho cliff overlook' ing the Waitamata. Major Hargravo is a \vidowor,and as poor as Job. Ho is a man who has seen much life. He lias fought for Don Carlos, and rtorivoa his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London have in turn been his home. H o hns spent Komo portion of liis days in South America, nnd is not unrcmembered in Mexico. Rut at sixty-seven ho has had enough of n nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wander ngs and relate his adventures while he 1*01)0-303 lit nasn l»v h\n linni'Mi r ninnqnnf ni still to have his clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a .sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. Mis cattail), ut Piirnoll, is tho pink of noatness ; very small, but seaming so much the snugger for its smallncss, diiintily furnished with tho rolics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up a3 occasion sorvod. Victorino is ono of tlioso active spirits who rise early. Sho gives her mornings to household duties, and Hits about light of foot, with u!-ivi'tl hiuids, mul broad linon apron. Thu mujnr, although a soldier of for tune, hns ever bean nil honest man. It is his boast chat hu has lived amongst ?tpQiidtlirifts and social Bohemians, and jut i) lid his way ; that no tailor remem bers him with a pang ; Unit no timo-yol. lowed pitgo in a fashionablu bootmaker's ledger records his dishonor. In his retirement ho amuses himself vviih literature, and though this paslimo widens Iiih narrow income, he has mriro pride in his achievements than in tho ro iiiuiicr.itioii. Thu daughter is not ho woll auti- lied with hor surroundings. Sho has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for niciro than ten years, lint sho has dim recullcctioiis of London and Purls, which come mid go in her memory like a droam in tho ''Arabian Nights.' To bo rich ii:nl jioworful, that is the acme of her ambition. Sho asks her father wondoringly, ' I low he can exist in this dull antipodes after his experience of brightor worlds.' The girl kr.ows that with oven less op portunities, sho is more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings bettor, plays more brilliantly, has u mores general capacity for learning now things, a greater deftness of linger, superior tasto in dress, and moro skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Yictarine's protty looks, her swoot voice, graceful winning ways, her clevurnnss, and general good iiiaiingement. She livos in an atmosphoro of praise j rises every morning to be ad mired ; lies down at night pleased with her own beauty and sweetness. Tho Lyiidltiirstsaro the major's nearest nnd dearest friends. Mother and son are us fond of Victorino as if sho were thoir own flesh and blood. Often in tho sum mer gloaming girl and boy have climbed tli« cl ill', above tho noble bay, nud hero have watched the ships glido to and fro, liko grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Mujor Hargravo is at his host as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a wholo library to him. Hu lias so embued his daughtor with a lovo of tho great drama tist, that the girl has a veritable passion for tho art. Sho knows ovory word of ? luliot, Queen Kathorino, Rosaline, Lidy Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Under tho major's tuition Yictorine has grown into n superb elocutionist. 1'y tho winter's lire, whilo her father sinokod his pipe, sho has apouted the wholo Shake pporiau round. He teaches hor how thu most famous actress of his day used to pause lioro, or linger fondly on a word thoro, or riso at such a point to indignant passion. He remembers the great Siddons, how her awful whisper wont through the gloom of tho theatro, na if mocking thu evil apirila. And Victorino hangs on hia words with delight, and asks him again »nd again to describe the wondrous art. Alton Lyndhurst is three years Yic torine's senior, and is fighting tin uphill light for a place in the world of letters. What little timo ho can sparo from his work is dovotod to Major Hargrave'a daughter, for tho poor penniless aoribe almost worships hor. It is tho one glenin of sunahii'o on hia drudging lifo to read Shakospmro with her, or to play Romeo to hor Juliet. Thoro is just enough in her unlikoneas to all other women to cntoh the fancy of tho dreaming en thusiast, who is as deeply smitten with thu only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty two can be. So on that high cliff, porchud on tho lua wall, Alton tolls Major Ifargravo's daughter his lovo. Al.is ! for tho unfortunnto scribo. With shapely bunds resting on liin nhoiildcr, eyes looking into his, words Homing swiftly, nud with boIib borne along tho eloquent voice, sho tolls him, that if she could lovo nnyono it would be Alton. If sho could forgot hor torrihlo slrugglos with grim want, and rosigu her h'ipuof unboundod wealth and station, it would bo for Alton. But it hud boon tho drenm of hor lifo to bocomo rich nnd powerful ; to oniorge out of tho alough of despond, poverty, into the clear or light that ia bom of nfSuenoa. Ill Alton Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strives only as earnest men strive when lovo dies and ambition is born. Before tho year is out Victoriuo Har grove is married. Amid the fever of Parliamentary do bate, and the strong opinions quickening into lifo, and which had begun to agitato even those remote colonists, Alton Lynd hurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first hi3 faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overthrown like Borne rickety temple of frailest masonry, ho had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him ; hind, stern, unflinching work. The very effort to forget his mad folly and presumption, had brought forth a latent power, till then slumboring, and tho result was fame. Victoriuo Hargravo had the gratifica tion of her darling wish satisfied, inas much as she wedded ono of tho largest land owners in tho colony. In the ab sence of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to lovo, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that we poor dreaming rogues rail against bo bitterly. Tho folish whom we all adore, rail as we may. Ah, mo. If Mrs. Victorino Clayland was not thoroughly satisfied nnd happy in her married life, it was, perchanco, because bIio was a woman, and not the fault of hor lord and master, who gratified ovory whim, every dosire of her heart, so far as ready cash could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorino Gayland went to Eng land, and was absent but two years, when sho returned to Now Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorino Gayland becamo tho fashion and tho rngo amongst tho upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. Tho wives of tho squattors and bankers who had hitherto shrugged their fair shoulders at Major Hnrgravo's penniless daughter, wore delighted with tho brilliant, cap tivating,. rich young widow. Thoso who had passed hor coldly by herotoforo wero Kind at n nod of recognition from tho queen, whoso word was final. Sho has thought of Alton Lyndhurst bo times in thoso two years of hor married life. Comparisons have jarred upon tho sensitive cords of her naturo when sho hns pitted him in imagination against this money-getter who calls hor wilV. Sho has thought of him very often in hor solitary widowhood, wondering why he does not c-jiuo; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding bis notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and prnises hor. Sho is amongst the first to road that book which lifts his nanio at ono bound into notoriety. Oh, how every pago preaches to hor of tho days that aro gone, of thoso un forgotten days, when ho was horn, lying at hor toet in tho Into autumn twilights, with tho broad full moon shirking upon tho .sea. lie has laid his own heart upon tho dissecting table, anatomised its every pulse. Sho knows now how utterly that heart was hers ; how torn nnd wounded by her desertion. Sho comes face to face with him once more in those vivid pages, and tho very breath of that lovo day comes back to her. Sho roads, and tho smouldering lovo flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and she knows that sho lovos Alton Lyndhuret better, pun-r, than of old, and must so love him to tho end of life. Ono day at a garden party, given by tho popular momber for West Auckland, Alton and Victorino moot again. Tho bcllo of fashion and tho rising author are both changed ; both aro accomplished in tho polite art of solf-reprcssion, She greets him with graceful tranquility, ho with gracious candour. They talk of tho old eottago by Iho sea walls of tho dear dead father. From thut time tho idol of fashion and tho popular author are friends, but thoro is no word of lovo be tween them. Tcnijiua omnitt rcerlut. Cast thy magic wand aside, O, Hormes. Lift the curtain again on the group gntherod round Alton Lyndhurst. Tho theme is still men and books. Colonel do Roal is ono of tho latter party. Watch him as ho sits with quiet mien listening to tho talker. There is ono hugo sneer Btampod from brow to chin, bul it is so subtle and refined that it appears liko a benign sinilo upon hi) face. ' 1 often wonder,' romiirks Foiiton (iruy, a noted musician, who has come down to spend the winter ul tho lloclc, 'I often wonder Unit aniong so many bonks written for this age, there are so few that soom calculated to make people better.' ' My duar Bi'r. goodness, from an luilhi'tii: point of view, is tho reverse of interesting,' rejoins the colonel, blandly. ''Vet, (ioldsmith hns ventured to depict characters that aro almost fniill loan,' an swers Lyudhurst. The colonel shrugs his shoulders. ' True,' ho suys j ' but ( ioldsmith was a humorist, and could allord to paint v in in1. Humor removes the insipidity of buiievnlonco with hiu herons. Kaust is not giidil, nud Ingo is simply uxoerablo ; but whoro can you mutch thoso for in terest.' Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tention at tho upcaker than ho hns dono hitherto. ' Then you deny that thero can bo any interest in the kind of reading which may tmd to raise tho wholo tono of one's being V he asks. ' For my part f lovo Tennyson, Ono cannot road him without feeling bettor and braver.' ' Nay, virtue is so simplo a tna'.tor, that itnUbrds fow opportunities for art,' responds de Roal, in thosamo quiot tono. 'Vice and crimo aro many-sided, and oll'or iulinito scope for tho litorary anato mist. Ono Cleopatra, mighty and fnllon, is worth all tho cold perfection of your modern horoino.' Tliu stago bell rings ns Alton is about to reply, and that puts an end to nil further controversy. Thoso who to tako part in tho pcrforninnoo hnsto away to droaa, and thu fiddlos bagin to tuno for tho over ture Tho most difficult part hria fallon upon tho raantlo of the oolonel ; but ' Sir Gilea Overeach' fits him as if ho had made it a life-ljng sBudy. Lady Artlworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Victorino Gaylaad. The rich, -widow is an artist of tho first order, as. -well as a woman of fashion. Nino o'clock p.m. — Sottlo yourselves corrifortably in your seats. 'A Now Way to Play Old Debts.' A. play by Philip Massinger, written two. hundred and twoiity yearn ago. Such a piece is just tho thinig for a drawing-room lflko this one. And tho costumes, so far as. the rallies sire con corned, are simply perfect. lip with tho curtain. A room, in Laily Allworth's .house. Boudoirs, IjIuo and gold, brocade and aatiiv wood. Tho walls are painted white, eiwred garlands i-f flowers and fruit adorn tho ptwellinv. Old Venetian mirrors, rellcetmy dark blue dclf and rsirii old porcolain. (Jrim Fornbrook has boert ransacked to furnish thic scene. Ton o'clock. — Tho applaoso is loud and long. Hilton Fornbrook, who has boon lourgiug about moody and silent, goes behind tho scones. '' Ah, won eher, how are you?' cries tho colonel. ?' Accept my congratulations,' replies tho young man, with just tho faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. ?' You are winning golden opinions, sir.' Colonel do lioal leads him inside. 'My Son. If some, groat enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst, and raise tho roofs off those people's brains, as Asmodous lifted tho roofs of tho buildings in tho city of Madrid, what strange things wo should find this pleased and happy assembly pondering.' Closo by tho wing opposite, stand Mrs. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. ' This nights will mnko you famous,' ho whispers. Sho lifts her eyes to his for a moment, then replies thoughtfully : ' If ono did not seok to win fame thero would bo no such thing as greatness.' 'Tho most lasting fume has boon won by goodness rather than talent,' ho an swers, coldly, and moves away. Tho closo of tho entertain mout is vory brilliant, and merges at longth into a ball, when polkas and country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. 