Mr. C. de Boos paid a visit last Wednesday, to his old friend Mr. W. H. Johnson, of the Royal, Richmond. Mr. De Boos is the oldest journalist in Australia, and is now on the staff of the SYDNEY MORNING HERALD. He is a man with an interesting history ; was born in London May 24th, 1819 (the natal day and year of Queen Victoria,) was educated in Addiscombe College near Croydon. He served in the British Legion in the Carlist war during the years 1835-6-7, and arrived in Australia in 1839. He was Government shorthand writer in Victoria from 1851 to '56, was connected with the SYDNEY MONIOTOR, SYDNEY GAZETTE, HERALD and MELBOURNE ARGUS. He wrote "The Stockman's Daughter," (published in the PEOPLE'S ADVOCATE) "My Holiday," "Corn Cobs," "Moruya," "Australian Ghosts," "Christmas and other Sketches," "Cor- respondence of John Smith of Congewoi," (by which title he is best known) "Random Notes," "Collective Wisdom," (Parliament- tary Sketches) for the SYDNEY MORNING HERALD," and "Fifty Years Ago," a novel. In December 1874 he was appointed a Warden of the New South Wales goldfields. He was also Police Magistrate at Temora. As may be imagined, the genial Proprietor of the Royal was very pleased to meet his old friend to chat over bygone days. Stanbury, the champion sculler, is at work on the Tarlo-road digging post holes for a telegraph line. It is under- stood that his object is to keep himself in form. A lawyer's clerk at Edinburgh has been arrested for forging many letters purport- ing to have been written by Robert Burns, Lord Macaulay, and Sir Walter Scott. Some of them were sold at enormous prices. There are 200,000 words in the English language, and most of them were used one Sunday by a woman who discoverd after coming out of church that her brand new hat was adorned with a tag on whirh was written "Reduceed to 6s 8d. In the action of Cotston and wife v. Barlett, plaintiff sued the defendent, a greengrocer and poulterer, for libel, the jury awarded plaintiff £300 damages. The libel complained of was that defend- dant had engaged a man placarded as "bad debt collector" to walk up and down in front of plaintiff's boarding house in Victoria-street, and frequently ringing the bell, thus bringing plaintiff into shame and contempt. 