"HEOW SHALL WE DECGDI- THIS QUESTION 't" -0 Now, which is the worse-to have no appetite for ynur dinner, or to have no dinner for your appe tite . There are lots of people on the one side of the question. When "'good digestion waits on, appe titeand healnh on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. jBut most of as are not blessed in that way; we either have toe much food' without an appctite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it- Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without food,. heca ?se short of the temptation line, a hungry man is a healthy nman; whereas. a man who opght to eat and doesn't feel !ike. eating, stand. in nes4 of Salteration and repairs." .To illustrate. We recently received a coamtnn cation in which the writer says, 'tI was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ?, If the latter, who i?. :Let him clear- the mystery himself. ,He says' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been sig nalman twelve months, and then all at once, so. to, speak, I did not feel myself, My mobth tasted bad,. so that. ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor ;- the palate, to put it. in that way,. appeared to have nothing to say to them. One. think was; like another, and nor.e was good. My tongue was coated and fer?e1 with a dark line down, the middle and yellow far round it, My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were alwaya right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled- with wind. It would gather so. i felt, like a ball in my throat, and act. as. ifi iAwoR choke. We cannot wonder that under thes. eircumstau ges our friend failed to do justice to. his meals. He adds that there was what he call 's a pricking. sen satmn at his heart, as though it were touched with, some sharp instrument, Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was: so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he says, " the thought of eating, and many a sceaty meal have I made, for I was. afraid to eat. After a time I got into. a low weak nervoeS: state, and felt miserable, as, it something was going to. happen, and this caused me to. lQse a good dal of sleep." What he means by- the fear of'" something going. to happen" is, .of course, the .fPar of some calamity, such as thelo.ss of hisposition, his oew dqath, or the death of somebody dear to, im. This was due, as he intimates, to the imioverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the bratg enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The -night of this forna of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the ereatues.of a. restless. and upgov-. erned i~agination; " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled'n, b~ wht Isffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure, no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is.a cdoubtedly wrong. One's dwn pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's nation of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them, Well, the writer finally mentians that after all medical treatment had left him where it? fonnd him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cared by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My- wife," he says, ' got me a bottle at Mr Lanstaff's, in Woodleford, and after using its contents the, ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know- what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eieen years, (Signed) ' GsoRaG Htnrr, I' Car. Bottom. Road " Apperly- Bridge, near Leedsi.'" We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful. he is and for what reason. u .- .- i nnn-- u Ulm ? mN 