TRUE GHOST STORIES. PERSONAL EXPERIENCES. "A believer in apparitions," whose me mory has evidently been freshened by the publication of Mr. Stead's ghost yarns, remembers several blood-curdling ex periences ho had during his residence in the old country. In detailing the circum stances he significantly remarks that a person who has not seen such things is bound to be sceptical. Bo that as it may, he remembers three occasions when he had moro than n glimpse at the supernatural. The first of these apparitions appeared to " a believer " near Pattrington, in York shire. He was crossing a field alongside of which the main road ran. For some dis- tanco tho thoroughfare waB made on an em bankment, so that the correspondent had a good view of tho situation, tho hedge being lower than tho roadway. The sun was sinking to rest, but had not quito dis appeared behind the distant hills. Suddenly there appeared on the roadway a ghostly form astride un equally ghostly bicycle — "a dandy horse it was called at that time, with two wheels in a lino." The figure was that of a man named Hopper, who was in the habit of visiting Pattrington, and was probably on thiB occasion fulfilling a similar errand, for the field lay some three mile3 from the town. Hopper "propelled the machine with his toes," much in tho same manner that the modern flesh and blood bicyclist gets over tho ground. Several men on horseback were racing along the road, and tho apparition appeared to be anxious to outpace the horsemen, who seemed to be blissfully ignorant of the presence of their supernatural contestant. A l/UllUU Ui JUL CUUUUII unu icon lUil£) iitkCC UTTU- edged sword, projected from the back of the head of Hopper's ghost in a horizontal position. After going about 100 yards at a- great speed, Hopper and his bicycle changed to a fine-looking horso with some other man on his back, and for a short spin the animal went at a terrific speed past the spot where tho onlooker was standing. The tongue of fire still licked the empty air from the buck of the ghost's head. Still another change. After passing " a believer" the horse carried its rider for about 40 yards, and then appeared a dirty-looking horse, and the stream of fire had become transferred from the rider's head to that of his horse, and issuing from between the ears lay along the horse's mane, but the horse was not con sumed. The pace was now quite a leisurely one, and the animal kept along the highway for about 40 yards further, where it made its way through the hedge and disappeared in an adjacent pond. The next appearance of this kind occurred to a " a believer" iu 1S47. At that time he was living at Beverley, in Yorkshire. One evening, whilo walking near the railway station, an incident that is worth recording took place. Apparently there was no person within sight, but suddenly an old man ap peared, as if he had sprung out of the ground, and disappeared almost imme diately. He remained sufficiently long for " a believer" to notice hiB manner of dress, and on the following day he mentioned the fact to his fellow-workmen, describing how the ghost was dressed. They told him that ho had seen a visitor from the other world known as "Old Griudell,"and that he had been seen scores of times by different people. A lady friend relates how on' one occasion she had seen the identical "Old Grindell." Appearing to her as described by "a believer," tho ghost walked along the street beside her for 50 or 60 yards, but never spoke, and disappeared in the same mysterious manner. The third case is one which will find many more believers than the other two. Those who do not believe in ghosts are sometimes quite ready to believe in eases of " visita tions," in the case of death of a relative or near friend, aud " Believer" writes that in 1856 he had one of these experiences. He was living at Manchester dt the time, and was out- early in the morning — before 6 o'clock. As he stopped to light his pipe he espied an open window, through which could be seen the furniture of a bedroom. He was surprised to see in the room an uncle of his wife, with large pockmurks on the face. The circumstance was the more startling as ho believod that the uncle iu question was at that time 120 miles away. Two days later he received a letter conveying the news of tho death of his wifois uncle, and subsequent inquiries and comparisons showed that the death had oc curred about the time that he had had the vision. Describing how the deceased was dressed to the person who attended his dying moments, " a believer" found that while ho had seen a person dressed in an unbleached calioo shirt and a worsted night cap with a tassel, the unole was wearing those garments when death ensued. 