THE STORYTELLER. THE LOST LEGION. UY LII'DYAIU) KIPLING. "When the Indian Mutiny broke out, and a little time before, the siege of Delhi, a regiment of Native Irregular Horse was stationed at l'eslmwur on the frontier of India. That regiment caught what John Lawrence called at the time " the prevalent mania," and would have thrown in its lot with the mutineers, had it been allowed to ! do so. The chance never came, for, as the regiment swept off down south, it was headed off by a remnant of an English corps into the hills of Afghanistan, and there the newly conquered tribesmen turned against it as wolves turn against buck. It was hunted for the sake of its arms and accoutrements from hill to hill, from ravine to ravine, up ami down the dried beds of rivers and round the shoulders of bluffs, till it disappeared as water sinks in the sand -this offieerless, rebel regiment. The only trace left of its existence to-day is a nominal roll drawn up in neat round hand and counter signed by an officer who called himself, " Adjutant, late -- Irregular Cavalry." The paper is yellow with years and dirt, but on the back of it you can still read a pencil note by John Lawrence; to this effect: " See that the two native officers who remained loyal arc not deprived of their estates.-J. L." Of six hundred and lifty sabres only two stood strain, and John Lawrence in the midst of all the agony of the first months of the Mutiny found time to think about j their merits. That was more than thirty years ago, and the tribesmen across the Afghan border who j helped to annihilate the regiment are now old men. Sometimes a greybeard speaks of his share in the massacre. " They came," he will sny, "across the border, very proud, calling upon us to rise and kill the English, and go down to the sack of Delhi. But we who had just been conquered by the same English knew that they were over bold, and that the Government could account easily for i those down-country dogs. This Hindustani regiment, therefore, we treated with fair words, and kept standing in one place till the redcoats came alter them very hot and angry. Then this regiment ran forward a little more into our hills to avoid the wrath of the English, and we lay upon their Hanks watching from the sides of the hills till we were well assured iliat their path' was lost behind them. Then we came ] down, for we desired their clothes, and their bridles, and their rides, and their boots-more especially their boots. That was a great killing-done slowly." Here the old man will rub his nose, and shake his long snaky locks, and lick his bearded lips, and grin till the yellow tooth stumps show. " Yea, we killed them because we needed their gear, and we knew that their lives had been forfeited to God on account of their sin-the sin of treachery to the salt which they had eaten. They lode up and down the valleys, stumbling and rocking in their saddles, and howling for mercy. We drove them slowly like cattle till they were all assembled in one place, the Hat, wide valley of Sheor Kot. Many had died from want of water, but there still were many left, and they could not make any stand. We went among them pulling tiiem down with our hands, two at a time, and our boys killed them who were new to the sword. My share of the plunder was such and such-so many guns, and so tnany saddles. The guns were good in those days. Now we steal the Government rillcs, and despise smooth barrels. Yes, bejond doubt we wiped that regiment from off the face of the earth, and even the memory of the deed is now dying. But men say- " At this point the tale would stop abruptly, und it was impossible to find out what wen said across the border. The Afghans were always a secretive race, and vastly preferred doing something wicked to Baying anything at all. They would be quiet and well behaved for months, till one night, without word or warning, they would rush a police post, cut the throats of a constable or two, dash through a village, carry away three or four women, and withdraw, in the red glare of burning thatch, driving the cattle and goats before them to their own desolate hills. The Indian Government would become almost tearful on these occasions. First it would say, " Please be.good, and we'll forgive you." The tribe concerned in the latest depredation would collectively put its thumb to its nose and answer rudely. Then the Government would say: "Hadn't you better pay tip a little money for those few corpses yon left behind you the other night f" Here the tribe would temporise, and lie anil bully, and some of the younger men, merely to show contempt of authority, would raid another police- post land lire into some frontier mud fort, and, if lucky, kill A real English officer. Tbenthe government would say" Observe; if yon really persist in this line of conduct jou wjfi be hurt \ If the tribe knew exactly what was gopng on in India, it would' apologise or w rude, according as it learned whether the Government was busy with Other ihingsot able to devote its full attention to ilieir performances. Somejcf tbe -tribes jkne^to one corpfe how farto go.Othere became excited, .. Sost their heads, and told the Government to come oft. With sorrow and tears, and one «ye on the British taxpayer at home, who insisted on regarding these exercises as brutal ^ars of annexation, the Government. wouldu iwpare ..ftu, expensive little field-brigade and some guns, and send all up into Hie hills to chase the wicked i tribe .out of the .valleys, .where the corn] grew, into the lull-tops, 'Where there was nothing to eat. The tribe would turn out in full strength and enjoy the campaign, for! they knew that their women would never be touched, that their wounded would be nursdfd,; not mutiiated,andtlmt M soon as each : man's bag of corn was spent they could surrender and j>»lavr-r with the English General as though they had been a real enemy. Afterwards, years afterwards, they would pay tlie blood- money, driblet ty; driblet, to the Government, and tell their] children how tbev had slain the redcoats by thousands, 'i lie only drawback kind of picnic-war was the weakness redcoats for solemnly blowiig ,?£ \e powder their fortified toweii LfiPi,nWlUl This the tribes always considered mean8* Chief among the leaders of tiie sniiiin tribes-the little clans who knew to a £ the expense of moving white troops nE£ them-was a priest-band t-chief whom ' will call the Gulla Kutta Mull^ enthusiasm for border murder as an art S almost dignified. He would cut down ^ mai -runner from pure wantonness, or bL bard a mud fort with nlle tire when he k.w that our men needed to sleep. In his leisure moments lie would go on circuit amonc hU neighbours, and try to incite other tri es to devilry. Also, lie kept a kind of hotel XI fellow- outlaws in Ins own village, which hi m a valley called Bersund. Any respectable murderer 011 that section of the frontier'wT sure to lie up at Bersund, for it was reckoned an exceedingly safe place. The sole entrv\n it ran through a narrow gorge which cou d be converted into a death-trap in five minutT It was surrounded by high hills, reckoned inaccessible to all save born mountuinpr nf and here the Gulla Kutta MullI S I great state, the head of a colony of mud m l stone huts, and in each mud hut hung some portion of n red uniform and the plunder of dead men. The Government particularly wished for Ins capture, and once in\ited him formally to come out and be hanged on account of seventeen murders in which lie had taken a direct part. He replied " I am only twenty miles, as the crow flics from your border. Come and fetch me." ' "Some day we will come," said the Government, "and hanged you will be." The Gulla Kutta Mullah let the matter from his mind. He knew that the patience of the Government was as long as a summer day ; but he did not realise that its arm was as long as a winter night Months after wards, when there was peace on the border and all India was quiet, the Indian Govern ment turned in its sleep and remembered the Gulla Kutta Mullah at Bersund, with his thirteen outlaws. The movement against him of one single regiment-which the telegrams would have translated as war -would have been highly impolitic. This was a time for silence and speed, and, above all, absence of bloodshed. i'ou must know that all along the north west frontier of India there is spread a force of some thirty thousand foot and horse whose duty it is to quietly and unostenta tiously shepherd the tribes in front of them. They move up and down, and down and up from one desolate little post to another; then are ready to take the field at ten minutes' notice ; they are always half in and half out of a difficulty somewhere along the monotonous line; their lives are as hard as their own muscles, and the papers never say anything about them. It was from this force that the Government picked its men. One night at a station where the mounted Night Patrol fire as they challenge, and the wheat rolls in great blue-green waves under our cold northern moon, the officers were playing billiards in the mud-walled club house, when orders came to them that they were to go on parade at once for a night drill. They grumbled, and went to turn out their men-a hundred English troops, let us say, two hundred Goorkhas, and about a hundred of the finest native cavalry in the world. When they were on the parade ground, it was explained to thein in whispers that they must set off atouce across the hills to Bersund. The English troops were to post themselves round the hills at the side of the. valley ; the Goorkhas would command the gorge and the death-trap, and the cavalry would fetch a long march round and get to the back of the circle of hills, whence, if there were any difficulty, they could charge down 011 the Mullah's men. But orders were very strict that there should be 110 fighting and no noise. They were to return in the morning with every round of ammunition intact, and the Mullah and the thirteen outlaws bound in their midst. If they were successful, 110 one would know or care anything about their work ; but failure meant probably a small border war, in whiclx the Gulla Kntta Mullah would pose as a popular leader ugainst a big, bullying power, instead of a common border mur derer. Then there waB silence, broken only by the clicking of the compass needles and snapping of watch-cases, as the heads of columns compared bearings and made appointments for the rendezvous. Five minutes later the parade-ground was empty; the green coats of the Goorkhas and the overcoats of the English troops had faded into the darkness, and the cavalry were cantering away iu the face of a blinding drizzle. What the GoorkhaB and the English aid will be seen later on. The heavy work loy with the horses,for they had to go furand pick their way clear of habitations. Many of the troopers were natives of that part of the world, ready and anxious to fight against their kin, and some of the officers had made private and unofficial excursions into those hills before. They crossed the border, found a dry river bed, cantered up that, walkeu through a stony gorge, risked crossing a low, hill under cover of the darkness, skirted another hill, leaving their hoof-marks deep in some ploughed ground, felt their w along another watercourse, ran over tne npclc of a spur praying that no one wouia heat their horses granting, and so worked on In the rain and the darkness, till they had Jew Itenund and its crater of hills a little belnna them, and to the left, and it was time t swing round. The ascent commanding tue bock of Bersund was steep, and they lialtea to draw breath in a broad level valley below the height. That is to say, the men reined Bp, but the horses, blown as they refused to halt There was ""chnet aji language, the -worse ior being dch*erea SWwfitaper, and, you heard "" in the darkness as the horses troop muijSWt subaltern the rear of one t) tjWed m his saddle and said very softly: " the blessed heavens are |on doing at (be rear? Bring your men up, fnftjp." : " was no answer, till a trooper replied: ' Garter Sahib is forward-not there. «?SS no9"ng behind us." There is," said the subaltern. The 8Qooaroo'a walking on its own tail." ilien the Major in command moved down to the fttuy swearing softly and asking for the blood of Lieutenant HalJey-the subaltern who hod just spoken. fjook after your rearguard," qoid tlie Major. 'Some of your infernal thieves have got lost. They're at the head _ of the squadron, and you're a several kinds of idiot," ?'Shall I telJ-xjff jny-nien, sir ?" said the subaltern sulkily, for be was teeliug tvet and COM. , "Tell 'era off!" said the Major "WhP £tn off, by G«d J You're squandering tnein all over the place. There's ft troop uelmw j'ou«owl" . , u _ 1 "Sol thinking," taud the snlwl"4 , "I Imve oil my men here, sir. f"S 'sneak to Carter." , . . ^.r.rfer Sahib sends salaam and wants to w win- the regiment is stopping, said a tJ MVherc m^d^rhettveiM^ Carter ? " said the '^'?Forward with his troop," was the a"'Tre wo walking in a ring;, then or are we U,e 'centre of a blessed brigade.' said the JIiilU'tl)is lime there was silence all along the Jul""- T,,ti ,10rses owere. stiI1; '"ij* Himu"li the drive of the fine ram, men could hoar the f''«?t of many horses moving over 6!<,,'Weie being atnlkcd," said Lieutenant ^"They've 110 horses here. Besides they'd liove lired before this," Baid the Major. "It's-it's villagers' ponies." "Then our horses would have neighed and spoilt flu; attack long ago. They must have j/ecii near us for halt an hour," said the SU''(/ueer that we enn't smell the horses," said'the Major, dumping his linger and rub jj'ino- it on his nose as he sniffed up wind. " \Vell, it's a bad start," said the subaltern, shaking the wet from his overcoat, " What shall we do, sir?" "<M on,' said the Major; " we shall catch Xt T11 e column moved forward very gingerly for a few paces. Then there was an oath, a shower of blue sparks as shod horses crashed on small stones, and a man rolled out with a jangle of accoutrements that would have waked the dead. "Now we've gone and done it," said Lieutenant Halley. "All the hillside awake and all the slope to climb in the face of musketry lire. I'll is comes of trying to do night-hawk work." The trembling trooper picked himself up ami tried to explain that his horse had fallen over one of the little cairns that are built of loose stones on the spot where a man has been murdered. There was no need to ex plain. The Major's big Australian charger blundered next, and the column came to a lialt in what seemed to be a very graveyard of little cairns all about two feet high. The j»nii'iiivres of the squadron are not reported, lien said that it felt like mounted quadrilles without training and without the inusic: but at last the horses, breaking rank and choosing their own way, walked clear of the aims, till every man of the squadron re formed and drew rein a few yards up the slope of the hill. Then nccotding to Lieutenant Halley, there was another scene very like the one which has been described. The Major and Carter insisted that all the men had not joined rank, and that there were more of them in the rear clicking and blundering among the dead men's cairns. Lieutenant Halley told off his own troopers again and resigned himself to wait. Later 011 lie told me '"Ididnt much know, and I didn't much care what was going on. The row of that trooper tailing ought to have scared half the country, and 1 would take my oath that we were being stalked by a full regiment in the rear, and then were making row enough to rouse all Afghanistan. 1 sat tight, but nothing happened." The mysterious part of the night's work was the silence on the hillside. Kverybody knew that (he Gulla Kutta Mullah had his uutpost huts on the reverse side of the hill, ami everybody expected by the time thut the Major had sworn himself into a state of quiet that the watchmen there would open lire. 11 neii nothing occurred, they said that ilie gusts of rain had deadened the sound of the horses, and thanked Prov idence. At last jJie Major satisfied himself (a) that lie /mi n°i one behind among the cairns, ana(0) that he was not being tuken in the rear by a large and powerful body of cavalry. J he men s tempers were thoroughly spoiled, the horse* we re lathered and unquiet, and oneandall prayed for theduylight. I hey set themselves to climb up the hill, each man leading his mount carefully. Ijelore they had covered the lower slopes or the breast-plates had begun to tighten, a thunderstorm came up behind, rolling across the low hills and drowning any noise less than that of cannon. The first flash of the lightning showed the bare ribs of the ascent, the hill-crest standing steely blue against the black sky, the little falling lines 01 the ram., and, a few yards to their left Hank, an Afghan watchtower, two-storied, innlt of stone, and entered by a ladder from the upper story. The ladder was up, and a man with a rifle was leaning from the }Ui, *'.ie darkness and the thunder rolled down jn an instant, and, when the lull joilowed, u voice from the watchtower cried. » ho goes there V -1 lie cavalry were very quiet, but each man cupped Ins carbine and stood beside his horse. Again the voice called, " Who goes ! H'ere . and m a louder key, " 0 brothers, h.,^1 alarm! Now, every man in the u\ ahy would have died in his long boots 6ooner than Imve asked for quarter; but it is »tact that the answer to the second call was 1,1 .i1" w ai* 9^ " Marf karo! Marf karo!" " H,ea«3,' Have mercy 1 Have mercy 1" it came from the climbing regiment. l>;i cava'r>'1 stood dumbfounded, till the nnnfi,i00p^! *f .4. t'me t0 whisper one to A|,i.,nr,: *Iu' Khan, was that thy voice? monS 1 ? <Ao«caIl?" Lieutenant Halley 1 ° beside his charger and waited. So content8 "A° firing was going on he was tlio u, Another flash of lightning showed llra,,'101s^ heaving Hanks and nodding beside' nil? men'. w'h»te-eyeballed, glaring the inf^ a,,(J the stone watchtower to t|." * *ua time there was no head at sliuHnJn.i a *',e ru<le iron-clamped closed ®onld turn a rillo bullet was BfH'1 the Major. "Getup fonvani « a,,\y rate*' Tlie squadron toiled the nia,', wagging their tails and i'ollin" !i1>u ? at, the uridlea, the stones ilvi"I° $e liilislde and tiie sparks never'heni,fiU^enan J ^a,,ey .glares tiiat he in his lifi ^.^wadron make so much noise though each hiS lmdethU UP,1, dSai<1, Sou^iWn t^en tlicttrewM 6to])i>e^lev^Efl watc,»tower. ««1 the men looked thirty * °>u ridP tl'&t; over viliujjA ofHi <>f ^wkness Si which the curb?chaiiiB^M#£j Si'6re 'oosed, and the ?a^dlea a4i«Bted, stoucfi \VhfiL^p^i4ovw tin for the 8rt",^U . Except favines betow ^t ^ong the heard the was Btill, They t,lP«n thrown ^VVfl^tower beloiv 01 the tlievoiee . Tlie 1 Oh, JMix Ullftli !" And an ^ 1" liidden uuSSSs &»»» * watchtoww We" or {hSatSK^ the Wgh-pitciied Beeuj" e .Mountaineer; ilast thou The answer came back: "Yes, God deliver ua from all evil spirits!" There was a pause, and then: " Hafiz Ullali, I am alone ! Come to me!" " Shahbnz Khan, I am alone also; but I dare not leave my post!" " That is a lie ; thou art afraid." A longer pause followed, and then: "I am afraid. silent! Tliey are below us still. Pray to God and sleep." The troopers listened and wondered, for tliey could not understand what save earth and stone could lie below the watchtowers. Shahbaz Khan began to call again: " They are below us. I can see them. For the pity of God come over to me, Hafiz Ullah ! My father slew ten of them. Come over' " Hafiz Ullah answered in a very loud voice, " Mine was guiltless. Hear, ye men of the night, neither my father nor my Mood had any part in that sin. Hear thou thy own punishment, Shahbaz Khan." "Oh, someone ought to stop those two chaps crowing away like cocks there." said Lieutenant Halley, shivering under his rock. He had hardly turned round to expose a new side of him to the rain before a bearded, long-locked, evil-smelling Afghan rushed up the hill, and tumbled into his arms. Halley sat upon him, and thrust as much of a sword hilt as could be snared down the man's gullet. "If you cry out, 1 kill you," he said, cheer fully. The mm was beyond any expression of terror. He lay and quaked, gasping. When Halley took the sword-hilt from between his teeth, he was still inarticulate, but clung to Halley's arm, feeling it from elbow to wrist. '"The Rissala! the dead Rissala!" he gasped at last. " It is down there !" "No; the Rissala, the very much alive Rissala. It is up here," said Halley, unship ping his watering bridle, and fastening the man's hands. " Why were you in the towers so foolish as to let us pass'!" " The valley is full of the dead," said the Afghan. "It is better to fall into the hands ot the English than the hands of the dead. They march to and fro below there. I saw them in the lightning." He recovered his composure after a little, and whispering, because Halley's pistol was at his stomach, said: " What is this ? There is no war between us now, and the Mullah will kill me for not seeing you pass!" '"Rest easy," said Halley; "we. are coming to kill the Mullah if God please. His teeth have, grown too long. No harm will come to thee unless the daylight shows thee as a face which is desired by the gallows for crime done. But what of the dead regiment?" " I only kill within my own border," said the man, immensely relieved. '"The bead Regiment is below. The men must have passed through it on their journey four hundred dead on liorses, stumbling among their own groves, among the little heaps- dead men all, whom we 6lew." " Whew !" said Halley. That accounts for my cursing Carter and the Major cursing ine. Four hundred sabres, eh'( No wonder we thought there were a few extra men in the troop. Kurruk .Shah," he whispered to a grizzled native ollieer that lay within a few feet of him, "hast thou heard anything of a dead Rissala in these hills?" " Assuredly," said Kurruk Shall with a grim chuckle. "Otherwise, why did I, who have served the Queen for seven and twenty years, and killed many hill- dogs, shout aloud for quarter when the lightning revealed us to the watchtowers V When I was a young man I saw the killing in the valley ofSheor- Kot there at our feet, and I know the tale that grew up therefrom. Hut how can the. ghosts of unbelievers prevail against us who are of tliefaitli? Strap that dog's hands a little tighter, Sahib. An Afghan is like an eel." '. Rut a dead Rissala," said Halley, jerking his captive's wrist "That is foolish talk, Kurruk Shah. The dead arc dead. Hold still, Sag," the Afghan sniggled. " The dead are dead, and for that reason they walk at night. What need to talk! We be men, we have our eyes and ears. Thou canst l*oth see and hear them, down the hillside," said Kurruk Shah, composedly. Halley stared and listened long and in tently. The valley was full ol stilled noises, as every valley must be at night; but whether he saw or heard more than was natural Halley alone knows, and he does not choose to speak on the subject. At last, and just before the dawn, a green rocket shot up from the far side of the valley of Bersund, at the bead of the gorge, to show that the Goorkhas were in position. A red light from the infantry ut left and right answered it, and the cavalry burnt a white Hare, Afghans in winter are late sleepers, and it was not till full day that the Uulla ivutta Mullah's men began to straggle from their huts, rubbing their eyes. They saw men in green, and red, and brown uniforms, leaning on their arms, neatly arranged all round the crater of the village of Bersund, in a cordon that not even a wolf could have broken. They rubbed their eyes the more when a pink-faced young man, who was not even in the army, but represented the Political Department, tripped down the hill side with two orderlies, rapped at the door of the Gulla Kutta Mullah's house, and told him quietly to step out and be tied up for safe transport 'J'hat same young man passed on through the huts, tapping here onecateran, and there another lightly with his cane ; and as each was pointed out, so he was tied up, staring hopelessly at the crowned heights around where the Knglish soldiers looked down with incurious eyes. Only the Mullah tried to carry it off with curses and high words, till a soldier who was tying his hands said " None o' your lip! Why didn't you ooine out when you was ordered, instead o' keepin' us awake all night? You're no better than my own barrick-sweeper, you white-'eaded, old polyanthus! Kim up 1" llalf an hour later the troops had gone away with the Mullah and his thirteen friends. The dared villagers were looking ruefully at a pile of broken muskets and snapped swords, and wondering how in the world they had come so to miscalculate the I forbearance of the Indian Government It was a very neat little affair,, neatly carried out, and the men concerned were unofficially thanked for their services. Yet it seems tome that much credit is also due to another regiment whose name did not appear in the brigade orders, and whose very existence is in danger of being forgotten. 