CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. ; On Thursday evening the second annual meeting of the Stow Christian Endeavor Society was held. Members and friends, with delegates from other societies, gathered to the number of about 200. Mr. 0. J. Holder, president of the society, took the chair and after some well-chosen remarks welcomed dele gates from Port Adelaide Wesleyan; Glenelg, Clayton, College Park, and Rose Park Con gregational; Goodwood, Tynte-street, Flinders street, Magill, Norwood, Glen Osmond, and Mitcham Baptist: Good wood a.?i4 Fisdon Bible Christian; 'Unley Church of Christ, City Mission, Kent Town and Melbourne street_ Wesleyan Endeavor, and other societies, Brougham - place, Hindmarsh square, Port Adelaide, and Medindie Y.C. Unions, and Zion Chapel Y.C. Band were also welcomed. After singing "Forward be our 1 watchword," the secretary of the society (Miss i Burgess) read the report. A steady increase of j members was noted, there now being 62 active, S associate, and 2 affiliated members. .Four j transfers _ to other societies had been made, j The missionary interest had been stimulated by | letters from Miss Edith Goode, of Pekin. ! Some_ of the members had visited other j societies in town and country, while I some _ had been used in starting other ; societies. Mr. Holder was a vice- j president of the C.E. Union, and Miss ; Stuckey was its first secretary. After the ; choir had sung a chorus the Rev. J. Robert- ; son, M.A. (pastor), spoke on courage in Chris- j tian endeavor. The Rev. J. R. Glasson made some interesting remarks on "Salt." A dele- i gate from Flinders-street read a letter from ? the president of the Christian Endeavor Union ? (the Rev. S. Mead), who was absent through i illness. Members were informed of the visit : in October of the Rev. F. E. Clark, D.D., founder of th6 Christian endeavor movement, and urged to procure Christian endeavor literature from the agents of the union. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., and Mr. A. : Mackie also addressed the meeting. A systematic effort is now being made to reduce the debt upon Clayton Church, and in aid of this object public lectures, concerts, and : other entertainments of a popular character ? have been arranged for, the ladies of the con- ; gregation undertaking the responsibility of ; carrying out a series of sixpenny concerts to be i held monthly on Saturday evenings. The first ! of these entertainments took place on March ! 19, when a capital programme, arranged by j Mrs. Gobbett and Miss M. Austin, was carried ; out m a highly successful manner. The atten dance was good, the schoolroom adjoining Clayton Church being crowded to excess, and the performance was spirited throughout. The following ladies and gentlemen, by their singing, playing, and recitations, contributed most effectively to the enjoyment of those present:-Misses Bleechmore, Moss, Leaver, Richardson, and Austin. Mesdames Wood and Gobbett, Messrs. Cook, Hambidge, ml re' Whittam, and Adams. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly of March 25 The. Rev. C. A. Berry arrived at Plymouth by the Ophir about the middle of last month, with his health thoroughly restored by his trip to Aus tralia. The Rev. W. Gould Taylor, of Denili quiu, has resigned his connection with the New South Wales and Queensland Conference, with a view to entering the ministry of the Presbyterian Church. The Rev. W. T. Hiatt, of Moonta Mines, is paying a short visit to Victoria, whence he j he came three years ago to this colony. Mr. j Hiatt, on his return, enters on his new sphere : of labor at Maitland. Mr. Walter Edmonds, i who died recently at Penzance at the age of 95, i had teen on the preachers' plan of the Pen- ' zance circuit for TO years. The Rev. Canon ? Edmonds, of Exeter Cathedral, is his son. i Rev. Osric Copland, formerly of Brougham- 1 place Church, North Addlaide, after eight , years' successful work at Prahran, Vic- j toria, has resigned the pastorate of j the church. The resignation is on accounb of his family and will probably take effect in June next. Professor Harper, who has just j returned to Melbourne, is going to "do" j Deuteronomy for Dr. Nicoll's "Expositors Bible." Dr. Stalker says:-" I have heard no I piece of literary news more gratifying for a long time, and I venture to predict that when the volume appears it will rank with the best of the series." The Rev. John Watsford, as he was preparing to enter the pulpit of Wesley Church, Da elbourne, to deliver the ordination charge, had a telegram handed to him from his friend, the Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., t]ie Anglican missioner, who was then as Dunedin, New Zealand. It contained the " Acts x., 4-!." The text reads, .AY hile Peter yet spake these words the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the word " ; No church walls separate these brethren in T- iQt"m^olin Gorman, of Brighton, who died on Tuesday last, was one of thefeiv survivors of those local preachers whose name appeared on the old Pirie-street circuit plan. Mr. Dor man, as well as being a local preacher, wa3 one °f °"r oldest class leaders, and the influence °f. his consistent character, godly life, and faithful pulpit ministrations will be much missed both in the immediate neighborhood in t."c£ > *'ve<^ ant* iu c'le Glenelg circuit, for which lie did such long, continuous, aaid ac ceptable service. From the Victoria and Tasmania Conference station-list the following items of interest to South Australians are takenMr. Knight becomes the superin tendent of the Prahran circuit, and Mr. Percy Knight, B. A., is appointed to Traralgon, Gippsland. The name of Messrs. Withingfcon and William Williams, F.L.S., appear against Richmond»and Toorak respectively. Mr. Wells is the lecturer on theology at the Theo logical Institution. Mr. Millard is a supernu merary, and a very active and useful one, at Launceston: while the Rev. Thomas James has extended permission to reside in England, 