CRICKET. Beautiful weather, perfect wickets, and the prospect of a hue exhibition of batting induced a greatly improved attendance at the Adelaide Oval on Saturdae, and those who were present had a most enjoyable afternoon. Quiz would like to point out to Mr. Creswell the desirableness of having a new scoring-board at the northern end, or at least of procuring new ^figures. The weakness of the Hindmarsh bowling was fully demonstrated while Lyons and Giffen were batting, and the "Bricks" should cast around the junior clubs for a promising trundler. Fred. Jarvis, Noel, Carew Chittle borough, Nitschke, King, and Edwards all had a try with the leather, but the wicket was the best yet provided this season, and their assaults were un availing. Noel pegged away most consistently and did not seem to tire, and at last got Lyons caught by Delaney off a hit the giant meant to go for five. There is no question about it that Lyons is in magnificent form this year, and any match in which he plays will be well worth witnessing. His hitting is not only tremendous but splendidly timed, and the nonchalant manner in which he returned to his crease time after time, having sent the ball to the chains, was most amusing. He scored 100 without giving the ghost of a chance. Dick Evans tried hard a little later to make a one-handed catch high up on the rope, but it was well nigh an impossibility. That brilliant field, Carew Chittleborough, also missed the leviathan batsman. Lyons's score of 187 was worth going miles to see, but it is on the cards that he will surpass this, his greatest effort, ere the season closes. George Giffen played perfect cricket, though in comparison with his club companion his style seemed almost cramped. George had set his mind on a century, and though he punished anything loose he was quite content with singles. He has now set his mind on wiping out Lyons's total, and as he is only 30 runs in arrears will probably do so. Just after he had made 130 he gave the bowler, Chittle borough, a warm chance, which was dropped. George was three hours and three quarters at the wickets, or an hour and a quarter longer than Lyons. Walter Giffen put up 46 in fairly quick style before Fred Jarvis got past him, and Hayward played out time, the score of the Norwoods being 398 fpr 2 wickets. Despite the depression invariably caused by an afternoon's leather hunting the Hindmarsh men fielded well throughout. Alf. Jarvis is evidently determined to go to England as second wicketkeeper of the Australian Eleven. He is in rare form 1 with the gloves, and brought down the house several times on Saturday by his dexterity. Fred Jarvis, Chittleborough, and Evans may be selected as having done good work. Are the South Adelaides going to lose their - game with the Norths ? The chances are that they will not do so, but they will have to play all they know next Saturday to win. The Norths with Reid and A. Hill in made a fair start, both men shaping nicely, but Jones, "The Terror," as some of his admirers style him, broke up the partnership, and 4 wickets for 42 looked very dismal. Then Wilkinson came to the rescue, and this exceedingly useful batsman restored the confidence of his club. He showed almost a contempt for the fast deliveries of Jones, sending him quite often to the chains. He bade fair to reach the the century when he was held by Ballans off Reedman—a catch so close to the ground as to be very doubtful. Wilkinson's 67 was a capital and timely display. He is qualifying for an intercolonial, but he must not lose his temper. Claxton after a let off by Bailey waxed very merry, hitting with great vigor and judgment, and his 43 was a much valued contribution. Poole, a soon of Canon Poole, made his first I appearance in senior cricket, and shaped well. He has some very nice strokes, and when he gains confidence will prove an acquisition to the Norths. The innings closed for 166. Jones was not in good form, and he made a mistake in the early part of the game by playing without spikes in his shoes. In his day he will do much damage, i but like most fast bowlers he cannot always be relied on. Reedman and Parkin trundled well. The South's fielding was not all that could be desired, and the returns of Martin to the wicketkeeper were very erratic. The representatives of the football premiers commenced inauspiciously, and lost four wickets for 32, Hoath, whom the Norwoods regret having lost, capturing three. Then Parkin and Ballans got together, and chiefly by the free hitting of the latter the score was carried to 84 without any further disaster. At the southern end the wicket was twice knocked down by the ball hit by Lyons and Giffen, and four times the aim of the fieldsman on the Hindmarsh side was so accurate that the stumps were disturbed without the intervention of Jarvis. It would not take much to bring about a boom in cricket. Interest is keener in the game than it has been for some years, and the three inter colonial matches which South Aus tralia will play in the four, weeks ending January 10 will do much to foster the love for the grand old game. The choosing of the intercolonial team will be a fairly easy matter, and the following may perhaps be regarded as certainties :—Norwood —G. Giffen, J. Lyons, and W. Giffen ; South Adelaide—J. Reedman, C. Martin, and Parkin ; Hindmarsh—A. H. Jarvis, F. Jar vis, and Noel; Adelaide—Delaney. Quiz invites his readers to fill up the team, and he will gladly publish the result. South Adelaide people will of course plump for Jones. There is no reason why South Australia should not defeat New South Wales and Victoria. We must, however, put our strongest team in the field. She :—" Do you take nothing your self?' He:—"No. They've passed a law here that no man can have a glass of whisky unless he's beenjbitten by a rattlesnake, and the only snake in town is six weeks behind his orders now." 