SffiB^pi; PABKBS AND THE -y. HE WILB MOVE FOR AN '*??'' ELECTIVE HOUSE. A GREAT QUESTION. WHAT WILL HIS SUGGES \\.,-.. TIONS BE? Iirthe Legislative Assembly last night, Sir Henry Parkes gave notice that he would nibve, on the 10th January, 1893 :— . - ;;(1) That the working of the nominee \principle in the construction of the. Legisla tive Council has fully confirmed the doubts entertained of its soundness and, wisdom by the'frainers of the Constitution, who limited it in the first instance, as an experiment, to a period of five years/ (2) That the power given by the.Coustitu tion-to a few members this House, who' may for the time being hold office, to advise the Crown, to nominate persons to seats in the other Mouse, lor a term ot tneir natural lives, is in flagrant conflict with the principle of manhood suffrage; hy which this House is elected for the short period of three years, and'is repulsive to every sense of political justice and progress. ? (S.'j That the continued existence of the nominee principle in the construction of the Council in an insuperable obstacle to the National Federation pf , the Australias, whilst it 'remains 'a; danger to the liberties of the Colony of New ' South' Wales.. (4.) That a- bill ought to be introduced ?without 'delay- .to:, amend the Constitution byr reconstructing the,. Legislative Council ?? on'tt. caTefjilly-considered basis of a popular election. ' '' ' ''?'' ?';'? '' (5.) That. the. foregoing resolutions be preseritedtb his Excellency the Governor by the Speaker, with the request that his Ex cellency' immediately lay them before his advisers.' .. ,.' For once the National Advocate ha 3 to; 'extend its support to Sir Henry Parkes, who, in giving notice of the above motion, has. touched the public pulse in a manner that will, We think, find a responsive throb in the great heart of the nation. As he says, the existence of a Nominee Chamber, with all that con servatism inseparable from its constitution is in direct opposition to the demoerafcr ism of the age ; and particularly is this so since the practical adoption by the As sembly of a bill abolishing in the election of members to that. Chamber the £iQ deposit, the unfair system of elections in ' batches, hustings. speeches, plural voting, and seats returning more than . one member. The Advocate has, from time to. time denounced the existence of a Nominee Chamber as the greatest inconsistency- that could exist in a country boasting representation of the people, for the people, by the people, which is the best definition of democracy possible. ,; The . members of the Legis lative Council ' exist, as explained by themselves, to check, hasty legislation, not so ! They exist simply because property created them. They live, the embodiment of property votes, and crush ^ii-cf. wkofnvai* fltrnafona tint, fnfi TlP.AlVIfi fl interests, but their own. They cannot be representative of the country in any way, since as the nominees of ' governments ; ?which, in their death, lost the confidence of 'the people, they veto the measures adopted T)y an existing Government necesearily retaining the approval of the electors through their representatives in Parliament. The present system of al lowing a Nominee Chamber of 70 to reject -the bills passed, by an Elective Chamber of 141 is rotten to the core, and whilst it obtains government by the majority is a farce. The present voice of the people represented by the Ministry of the day is silenced at the will of a mere handful of men representing gov ernments of other days. The living are silenced by the dead I It is the most ghastly satire on advanced government possible for a sane man^to conceive; \ and consequently the Advocate has no choice but to support Sir Henry Paukes iu me euorws xo nave ine preseuu ajraiem ' altered. The question is what system, without federation, is to be adopted in its place? Were the Australias federated it would, of course, be possible to suggest the lines- existing with that truest of federal nations — the United States of America. Allowing that it would be necessary, then as now, to vest the legislative power in two houses, each State — and, we pre sume that in Australia proper we would have five' States— would return its repre sentatives to aCorigress, or Lower House, and in addition to 'this representation, say 10 senators, making for the five Pro vinces an Upper House of 50 members who would sit, say for twice the term of the Lower House. Not being federated, ???' however, the difficulty in altering the, Constitution as roughly suggested: by Sir Henhy Parkes is. this : That one State would have to return the whole of the Upper House members to act for itself ; and this being so, we take Mr. Bauton's bill as a basis for sugges tions. Hnvinrr this Kofnrn us we submi the following, proposal — That we take the : hundred and twenty-six seats to which it; is proposed the present number constitu-. ting the Assembly shall' be reduced and: pair them two, and two, and by allowing eaoh pair to elect one member, obtain an Upper House- thoroughly representa of the people, of 68' members. Under stand us ! Mr. Barton's bill allows for the reduction oE the ; colony to .? one hundred and twenty-six single seats. It is clear that an Upper House embroc \- ing aepurato councillors or senators from ?* each constituency would be unnecessary, the proportion of one Upper House member to two Lower House members, being in. our opinion, quite enough check on the work done by the pbpular Cham ber. Hence electorates A and B, which Would rotnrn tn thai Annpmhlvt.wn rp.nra ,sentatives, ; would, as A— B, return to the Upper House one councillor to check tho legislation of those1 representatives. la the United States the proportion is one senator to four congressmen, but, as wo -hove ^pointed ; out that propor tion would- bo impossible in' New South Waleu unless she-were federated, ?with her sister Provinces. What details) Bit Behry Pahkkb msy submit we know, 'not. All we know is, ,. that tie existence of tn6 Upper 'House, as at present constituted,- is ah insult to the intelligence of the electors, and as Sir Henry Parkes has made the first move towards its- destruction we accord him the support ho is entitled to. The above suggestions for the election of the Council under an election system we have made on the spur of the moment ; what proposals are entertained by Sir Henry Parkes wo have yet to learn. The way we elect the Council now is as follows :— Following in' the footsteps of dead generations, we tire of a Parlia ment ; we lose faith in the Government, and through effluxion of time or from other causes, we get rid of men who no longer hold our. confidence. But lo ! the retiring Ministry leave their eggs behind them. They have spawned in a place known as: the Upper House, and then given up the ghost. A new order of political life is created by the people, and this runs its course in the same way, the Ministry being evolved from the' party in ascendancy, to, in their turn, hold office, and then, going out^leave a, further expression of their opinion as an addition to that of their predecessors in the select Chamber. That system -is doomed ! ? ? '?: . ?. 