CEcltots anfc |fo-®dioes. HERCULES FOR MAYOR. [Noted by HCGH KALYPTUS.] My friend the polioeman in Victoria-square tells me that an influential deputation waited upon Hercules to ask him to allow himself to fee nominated for the position of Mayor of Adelaide. Mr. JAMES SHAW introduced the deputation, and Baid that Hercules being a large contractor in the olden days—one who carried out his work fearless of contradiction, and who was always liberal " to the boys"—he had a fellowfeeling for him, and therefore considered that be was just the man to rule the City Fathers with a strong hand, as he would have done himself if he oould have seen his way clear to contest the "metropolitan municipality." Mr. ROWLAND REES, who neit Bpoke, was immediately recognised by Hercules, with whom he at once shook hards. He mentioned the names of several mutual friends of the old, old days, such as Creon of Thebes, Erginus, King of the Minyants (not a South Australian aboriginal tribe), Chiron who died, Hercules said, through using a patent salve for a pain in his knee ; a person in the potentate business named Minos, and a party known as Augens who kept a livery stable; also several ether people whose addresses appeared in the Boothby'e Directory of the period. Mr. Rees eaid nothing would please him bettor than to eee Hercules occupying the Civic chair. He knew his stepfather Amphitryon, when he was Mayor of Thebes, and felt sure that one who had been tutored by old Linus (here Hercules winced a bit, remembering how he had killed his sohoolmascer with his own lyre), would prove a worthy Chief Magisi.ra%. His friend Heroules had b an erjaged iu many business undertakings, and he well remembered the time when he undertook several large contracts for his cousin Eurystheus. Here Hercules frowned and gripped his olub, but the speaker apologized for having touched upon a family skeleton, and to change the subject asked Hercules whether the buildings lie had designed in Adelaide compared favourably with the originals in Thebes, Mycenae, and other places. Here the Hon. G. W. COTTON, after expressing bis earnest desire to see Hercules, Mayor of so classic a city as Adelaide, engaged him in an animated discussion upon the system of working men's blocks* and the improved method of growing cabbages on standards like roses. Several other members of the deputation sought to obtain his views upon protection, freedom of contraot, and Sunday* closing. The policeman said •'Avl youVe no objection to me saying a vrotd oi woeld riooomind y'r Honor to aocipt tb ! invitation of the gintlemin; sure thim Mayorality robes is just the Boort of thing y'r Honor wants; be the eameteken its moighty little yor have been afther wearin' lately. The Corporation mace would make an illigent club for yez, and sure jrfd toind thim robee fit ye a dale sight betther •nor they did Mayor Cohen though oid not b9 Ktj-in' the same of Mayor Shaw for it was a 'fame figure av a man he was 6ntoirely. Sure *its a fut ye have got on yez like Tom Play- Vord's, an' yez can show a leg like Tom Heming's for its a grand Loife Guardsman yed make, so ve would." Hercules said he felt proud of the confidence bestowed upon him. Certainly he bad been «ngaged in many important enterprises, both on land and sea, and, like his friend Mr. Shaw, was not unacquainted with the "building business ; notably, the famous pillars bearing his name on each side of the Straits of Gibraltar, which he erected after the design of his friend Mr. Sees. He had been bnilock-driving in Iberia (Spain) ? had been a stable help, fruiterer, explorer, a birdoatcher, herdsman, and general -utility man; he had even been married, bat lie bad never undertaken the task of running a City Council, and he did no! feel inclined to try, it was too large an order, lie thanked them very much, but trusted that they would'find some one of stronger constitution than'himself. The polioeman muttered, "It's aisey enough. TSPou've orilyto sit in abig chair wid a big fur «cloakon,'l6t Worenop hould ye straight, and -<Whiniver the Council want to have a bit of a -aructionsu spend th' Shtanding Orthers an' let /tern loose.'" It must' have been a pitiful sight to see those '^German and Austro-Hungarian offioers, urged • *cnby WiHktm the Faddist, plugging along on "Hheir weary'but willing steeds, pounding with -heir armed' heels into the hollow heaving side \--•of the fagged horses and uneasily shifting >about on' their saddles with the tenderness of -epidermis induced by long ohafing. And this "was "see sport as she vas been done mit der 'Oontineildhk, und vich is elerydinge more •better ash <dot honting <nit der fox you bet Tyour hone's life," aint it! There wassomethiog ' Wilhelmesqua about the idea of tiding ?-noble - spirited horses to death for the \- skke of - aa Emperor on the bust. Where, in the name of Diok Turpin and dear \- bid Tolmer is-the utility of bringing man and ' horse in at the end of - a jsorney dead beat, or leaving the heartbroken horse an equine corpse on- the wmy? The pride -of a bushman is to cover thegreatast distance,, regardless of him- «elf but ngasdful of his ^faithful horse. It •fetikoa me that Wilhelm, %he "War Crank, as- the Ameriaans call him, will not find his -cavalrymen mguded as jockeys of the period, and 1 his bust was too dearly <«aiaed even at the -price of one herae's life. It-would have been •dear at the cost of a donkey's life, let alone -that of a nobler animal. From what I know -of - the feeling between the real rider and his horse, If any of tkese Continental cranks had «ny sudi sentiment they must have suffered as * " much torture of spirit as their borses did weari xesa and agony of body in that oruel race. The -originaters of the farce.ought to-be haunted by the ghosts of the dead horses &U; their nights. "The merest rouseabout on the humblest hack -would be ashamed ef such an alleged exploit M that race run for a German silver bust of an imperial faddist. Whether this is authentic or net I cannot -cay, but it waB "ansodoted" to me by a friend, who declares that it was a • genuine episode. In one of the suburbs in Adelaide two fond mothers had left their goslings in perambulators in front of a draper's shop (while they worried the unhappy counter-jumper inside over fripperies and other gew^gairs. "Sa the meantime," as they say in the old- fashioned writings, some practical jokerccame along and changed the perambulatow. so that when fond mother No. leame out she walked off with the perambu- lator which she remembered Bhe had planted opposite that duck of a bonnet in the eastern window, and subsequently gushing mother No. 2 emerged. She had worried the unhappy counter-jumper till he felt inclined to join the Broken Hill Btrikers, and she abstractedly went to the steering apparatus of the other perambulator without asking for the name and address of the infantile occupant. The result was that after both mothers had got well on their way they discovered that they had the wrong sample of progeny, and Well, the climax is left to the imagination and fancy of the reader. A correspondent has reBusoita^d that longburied and moat antique joke about the boy who knocked at the Bishop's door and, in his confusion, instead of saying " The boy, my Lord" said "The Lord, my boy." This ancient joke, over which the monks of old must have chuokled when the first Bishop was invented, has been related in connection with a leng funeral procession of prelates stretching from themnsty-misty past right up to our own Bishop Kennion, and will probably be exhumed at' irregular intervals until the millenium. A correspondent who could innocently trot such a hoary joke out into the chilly air must have been indeed living far from the haunts of men. A correspondent of a cynical turn says :— " As regards innoculation for blackleg, this new and most opportune adaptation by a pupil of M. Pasteur, of the great principle discovered by Dr. Jenner, has not been suggested a moment too soon. The Hon. R. S. Guthrie, M.L.C., when at Broken Hill arranging for the Seven Stars—Sleath, Ferguson, Polkinghorne, Hurn, and the rest—to visit Adelaide and address a big meeting, should, in the interests of the strikers, have had those men innoculated before leaving Broken Hill, otherwise what guarantee would there be that they might not become infected with the blackleg complaint themselves." 