THE STORYTELLER I That Wild Wheel. By Feaj?ces Elea.noe Tbollope. CHAPTER XL1. It is very easy to talk with glibness of the straightforward path of duty, and the clear light of duty, and the plain dictates of duty, and so forth. But, apart from the difficulty of doing one's duty — which is a different matter — it is by no means always easy to discern what it is. Life is very complex, and the relations of one human soul to its fellow souls are very complex ; and there come crises in which the path of duty is not straightforward, nor its light unclouded, nor its precepts plain. Such a crisis had come to Barbara. When Hazel went away on that evening of his first visit, she soon withdrew to her -wn room, for she desired to be alone with her thoughts. Moreover, her unole did not seem much disposed to talk. He said a few cordial words about Hazel . But there was a tinge of melancholy in them . ' I suppose Mr. Hazel is to be congratulated now. undo. ' said Rarhara. in a low voice. ' His prospects seem to be so good. And he looks much better and stronger than he did at Thomfleld.'' 'Yes, my deal*. No doubt. At least 1 hope 60\. ttc has tetertainly re tjovuted his health , He is ft capital fellow. I — I hope all \Vill be for the best.' Barbara raised her eyes and looked at her uncle. ' And yet you seem to be ? ' 'To be what, my dear F' 'To be sorry for him in some way.' William turned bis head aside to light Barbara's candle for her, as he an swered, ' We all have our troubles, my pet. You know I told you that Harel has had many troubles. And— and lie Jea man of deep and strong feelings. (Hood night, my deaf child. Oud bless you.' Yes ; Hazel had had inany troubles. How often had she thought of his sorrowful story, and of him so far away aud so lonely ! Perhaps he was still griev ing for that false love who had deserted him so coldly and so cruelly. Perhaps he had confided this to her uncle. She wrapped herself in a shawl, aud sat down on the side of her bed in the fireless room, to think. The question on which bhe strove to concentrate her mind was, ' What is my duty f' And the an swer was neither plain nor prompt. But as she thought, earnestly trying to see the truth, her way seemed to frow gradually clearer, 'hat maiden dream which (she had spoken of to her self as the belief of a child iu a fairy tale was her own secret. No one Buspectedit. Nooneshould ever know iti No one could be injured by it. Fritfc Hofmann neither demanded nor expected romantic love from her. He had told her that if she would marry him she wo uld secure hia happ i ness . She knew that the thought of tint marriage was the one bright point to which her uncle iooked in the future. She felt for Fritz the sincerest esteem, the most faithful friendship, the warmest gratitude. There might be natures to whom these would not suffice, who, loving ardently, could accept nothing Je-s than love in exchange. Gilbert Hazel's perhaps was such a nature. If he were trying to win a girl to be hw wife ? But Barbara checked her wandeiing thoughts abruptly. What she had deeply anil seriously to | consider was Fritz Hofmauu's character ; not another's. And she thought she might believe j him when he said he could content himse'f with such regard as she was able to bestow. Hazel had j spoken of those days at Thorn field as though he j remembered every minute of them. But, of course, be did not think of them so tenderly as j she did. They were different, and hau so many j objects of interest and excitement in their lives, j Aud if he thought ? i But whither were those errant fancies straying I ag-ain r Ilid she no sense — no conscience — no pride F She started up with a deep blush burning on her face, aud then t-he felt that all her limbs were numbed and stiff with cold. As she stood for a moment leaning against +he bed, she heard her xmcle's footsteps — very 1 -w and laboured — go upstairs and into the room above hers. ' Oh,' she exclaimed, clasping her hands to gether, ' i7hat a poor selfish creature I am to be j dreaming hero over my own fancies and regrets — ! I, who have grown up with that example before me all my life ! He sacrificed everything — youth, health, love, ambition, to take up the burthen of two helpless lives and carry them, on his shoulders. Oat of pure gratitude and affection and com passion, he jenonnced, in the very springtide o£ his days, the aims and hopes of other men ; and I can sit here, under his roof, and think it hard to part with the shadow of a dream ! If Gilbert Hazel knew it, he would despise me. But, please Heaven, I shall not be so miserably weak and selfish to-morrow. I should not like him to despise me,' murmured Barbara, laying down to rest, with the salt tears trembling on her eye lashes. The next afternoon Hazel was to come back with her uncle ; and she courageously prepared herself to meet him. She would be not only calm, but cheerful. Had she not good reason to be thankful F She would not incur her own scorn by contemptible repinings. But Hazel did not come. William Hughes appeared without him, and said something — not in his usual clcar and coherent manner — of Hazel's being so much occupied in Mr. Wilson's busi ness, and of not being even sure that they should see him again before he returned to Staffordshire. ' There is nothing the matter ? He — he is not ill?' stammered Barbara. ' Oh no, my dear. He is very well, only very busy,' answered her uncle in the same absent, confused way. Barbara had turned very white, and was trembling. But he was troubled himself, and anxious (o hide his trouble from her, and he did not look at her face. And presently Lircher came in bearing Fritz's flowers in her hand, and bringing Fritz's message. (They little guessed who had watched the delivery of them!) And Barbara saw how her uncle's face grew brighter as he listened. ' What a good fellow he is!' exclaimed William, heartily. ' Fancy his going down to Norwood to bring us this report ! It cannot have been very amusing for a young gentleman who has so many agreeable ways at his command of killing time.' Some, persons — Mr. Perikles Rhodonides, for instance — miirbt have thought a tete-a-tete stroll with Olga Kettering a sufficiently agreeable way of killing time. But then William Hughes knew nothing about that. Theu he admired the flowers, which were, as usual, all white. ' I have not observed any specially artistic qualities in Hofmann, speaking generally,' he said. ' But here, I must say, he shows a poetic touch. He always sends you flowers that look like you. Barbara.' ' I never heard so grand a compliment hr my life!' said Barbara, arranging her flowers in water, and bending her head down over them to hide her face. For she was struggling to keep back tears — of gratitude she told herself. And then she made a brave effort to smile at her uncle. 1 But when she looked up in his face tbe tears sud- j denly blinded her, and she threw her arms round j his neck, and leaned her head against his breast. [ ' Barbara, my pet ! What is it F' J ' Because you are so good and dear,' she : sobbed. ' And because you have had such a hard, I hard life ! ' ' No, no ; don't cry, my dear, don't cry. I have been very happy.' The words were said with the utmost sincerity and simplicity, and contained the brief and eloquent epitome of his rare nature. On the following evening Fritz duly appeared at tea-time in company with William, whom he had rescued, as we know, from the powerful fasci nations of Miss Jenks, and they made their little jokes over the tea-table about the eccentricities of that remarkable woman. ' I should very much like to see her,' exclaimed 1 Barbara. ! ' I am sorry, then, that I have deprived you of ! a pleasure,' replied her uncle. ' She wanted to call on you, but I — I stopped her.' j There was something almost like compunction in his face as he said it, for he could not bear to j hurt even a hurtful creature. Bat Fritz was less tender-heai ted. 'Ofcoursp, 1 you stopped her F' he said. 'It would never do i to have her intruding herself on Aunt Judith and j Barbara. We cannot allow that.' I And Barbara noticed two things in this speech I which were new to her — first, a tone of authority, ' as though what concerned her were now his busi ness ; and second, that he called her by her Chris- ? tian name. He had often addressed Miss Hughes, I half playfully, as Aunt J udith ; but he had never | yet spoken to, or of, herself in her presence except ' as Miss Copley. j By -and -by Fritz declared that Barbara was looking very wan and tired, and proposed to carry her and her uncle down to Norwood as his guests the next day, which was Saturday, and that they ] should remain there over the Sunday. There was I accommodation for them both in the house where j Miss Hughes and Claude were stopping ; and, in I fact, it was all settled. Barbara need not attempt j to make any objection. ' I do not purpose making any,' she answered ! gently. 'It is a. delightful scheme, and I think Uncle William will accept it as readily as I do.' j And again she noticed the new air in Fritz of taking possession of her. I Then they spoke of his visit to Norwood yester- ' day, and he told them that Claude seemed to be much better ; the change had certainly doae hi® William's eyes glistened. ' We have to thank you for that, Hofmann » he said. ' ' For that, and for how much else,' added Barbara, in a low voice ; and then she timidly put out her hand to him. He took it in his 'own bowed over it, and kissed it lightly with a grave kind of homage, as if she had been a quc-en. Barbara thought he behaved perfectly, as did her uncle- But had Aunt Judith been 'there it may be doubted whether she would have been quite content. All the arrangements for the little expedition were made before Fritz went away. It was to be a surprise for Aunt Judith. She was not nervous and rather enjoyed such little excitement!-. ' Fritz had declared that everything was arranged But this was not strictly accurate. To say the truth, the scheme had only occurred to him sincf. entering the Hugheses' house. He had gone there with the intention of praying Barbara to let him announce openly to his famfly that I ? -va* her accepted suitor. He had prepared in is own mind several cogent arguments to indie her to put an end to the present state of inde ii- -n and concealment. But when he was there he l.-und it difficult to get au oppor tunity of uttt. 'mr them. Then he was ,-u ;ck bv Barbara's looks. She was not well, or was ,,-orkin? too hard. And then tbe idea of gettingherdownto Norwood flashed upon him. 'ies, that was a famous plan. And once there be would speak the irrevo cable words that were to fix his fate. Irrevocable ! Why, was not every word he' had ever said to Barbara as ir revocable as the faith and honour of a gentleman could make it r Certainly his proposal was irrevo cable — unless by Bar bara's own wiVh* And then he fell to wondering who the young mnii could be whom Mrs. Green con sidered to have- l;ijt the ghost of a chance. Fiilz had to pre« i-de bis guests to Norwood early the lliXt IU order to make th'.^ ar rangements fur ihem which they suppu.-f d to be already made. But lie was on the plat f unn cf tbe station when they arrived, and had a carriage in readiness to convey them to the lodgings, jl ? left them at tbe door 1 f the house, to announce them selves, saying that, iftLiv would ixcu.-e him, be would see that Lis dree ing bag Lad letii duly cairied to the nci^bLuur iug hotel, where he had taken a bed fur himself, and would join them again presently. Auut Judith was duly surprised and deliubttd when Barbaia and her uncle walked in to W'c- j sitting-room together, al though it may It.' sus pected that ihe Lndlady had not entirely nlrnimd from giving a hint a- in the expected vi.~itt.r-. ' But where is Claude ':' asked Birbata and Lor uncle almost .imultaut. ously. C-aude, it appeared, bad pone out to the Crystal Palace, but would soon return. Then when Barbara had gone away to her room to take off her hat. Aunt Judith crew nearer to her nephew, aud said, with a little hesitation, ' There is some one with Claude who has promised uot to let him stay out too long in the evening air. Some one whom you know — Mrs. Aroiour.' William uttered au ex clamation of astonish ment ; and it was clearly astonishment of a by no means pleasant nature. Then Aunt Judith ex plained that Mrs. Armour had called that furonoon, and bad asked to see 'Miss Huprhes : and had said that, being in that neighbourhood, she had ventured to come and inquire for Mr. C.ipley. William listened with a cloudy face. ' I don't like the woman,' he said : ''and it is not possible that she should like our family very much.' This allusion — distant though it were— to Claude's inheritance emboldened Aunt Judith to speak further. Mrs. Armour, it appeared, had confessed to feeling angry and disappointed at first ; but she saw now that, whoever bad been to blame, no blame could properly belong to Claude, and she wished to show that she bore no malice. ' You're not angry with me for telling you, my j dear F ' said the old woman, timidly laying her hand on William's. 'Angry with you, my. dear old Aunty! I shouldn't know how to set about being angry with you if I wished it ! ' Butalthough he took her hand and held it fondlv between his own, his brows were still knitted, and he looked thoughtful and ill at ease. ' Claude seemed so pleased to see her ! It quite brightened him up, and he had been moping a little before. The doctor thinks it very important that he should be kept cheerful.' ' Could we devise no way of keeping him f Continued en page M'iJ ' Then. Barbara, will you be my wife r' asked Fritz. — CiurPEK XLII. cheerful except the society of that flirting foolish woman ? ' ' Well, my dear, she really spoke very sensibly ? — to me, when we were by ourselves, you know — saying that she knew he had had a boyish kind of romantic adoration for her.' ('I wonder whether I have a romantic adoration for her without knowing it, like the rest of my sex,' muttered William, remembering the fair Juliet's references to Hazel.) ' She said that with a woman of her age, all that was, of course, mere nonsense ; but it would do him no harm, and might help her to have a good influence over him, and that she had had a great interest in him, aud liking for him, ever since the days of the pension at Vevey, where for a long time he had been her only friend.' All this was thoroughly distasteful to William from beginning to end. He could not, as he had said, be angry with Aunt Judith — poor, dear, good soul ! — but be wondered in his heart how she. with her old-fashioned, dainty notions on many points, and with the native integrity of her cha racter, could tolerate such a woman as Juliet Armour. He did not guess that Judith yearned over her boy as a mother yearns over her dying child. What wish of his can the mother refuse — to him who is so soon to leave the light of the sun, and for whom the summer will shine and the flowers blossom nevermore ? J udith did not say this to herself. She did not confess her fears, but they haunted her, and she had not the heart to deny Claude any fancy that she could gratify. Then Fritz returned, and Barbara re-entered the room, and they had both to be prepared for the presence of Mrs. Armour. Fritz frankly made a discontented grimace. 'The fact is,' he said, half -laughingly, 'I am not very fond of Mrs. Armour ? ' 14 Ah,' interrupted Hughes, shaking hie head with a grave smile, 'you're not aware of it !' ' Aware of what r' 'That you cherish a romantic adoration for Mrs. Armour.' ' Well, no. I certainly am not aware of that.' ' Few of us are aware of it, but we do — every mother's son of us ! I have never heard her men tion au exception.' Fritz looked a little puzzled, but be was not sufficiently interested in Mrs. Armour to pursue the subject. And when Aunt Judith saw him bend down and speak softly to Barbara, and saw Barbara look up at him with her gentle smile, a flush of pleasure came into the wrinkled, careworn face ; and, turning to her nephew, she began to chat cheerfully, with the discreet intention of leaving the young people to themselves. But there was nothing very lover-like or tender being said. Fritz asked Barbara in a quiet tone if she would object to walk out with him for half an-hour in the forenoon to-morrow, supposing the weather should be fair ; and Barbara answered, in the same quiet tone, that she would do so very willingly ; and they were both rather grave and preoccupied after that, for both felt that an im portant decision was at hand. And in a few minutes, with a sound of rustling skirts, and affectedly vivacious talk and laughter, Mrs. Armour, followed by Claude, came up the 6tairs and into the room. CHAPTER XLII. At the first sight of her brother, Barbara thought him looking surprisingly better and stronger than wheu he had left London. But, after a few minutes, that impression wore away, and she was assailed by fears aud doubts on his behalf. Claude's spirits were certainly high, almost too high, for there was something feverish in his excitement. He greeted his sister in his usual careless, half-patronising way, and shook hands with his uncle and with Hofmann. And then Barbara had to be presented to Mrs. Armour. That lady looked at her with hard glittering eyes, that seemed to radiate cold, as though they had been bits of blue ice. But 6he smiled a great deal, and was very gracious. ' Mr. Hofmann I have seen this morning already,' she said. ' We came down in the same train from Victoria.' ' I had not the pleasure of recognising you,' said Fritz, handing a chair for her. 'Oh, no; you did not see me. I perceived that. Your mind was, doubtless, full of much more interesting subjects.' ' That, of course, is impossible,' answered Fritz, with an exaggeration of manner which Barbara felt to be almost impertinent. But Barbara had no experience of women of Mrs. Armour's type. Mrs. Armour accepted the words ; not, of course, literally, but as conveying an agreeable kind of homage that was her due. And she laughed affectedly. But as she turned away her head, in doing so, she caught sight of Claude'B lowering face ; and said, rather quickly, ' And how is the pretty cousin, Mr. Hofmann? ' Fritz was not what is generally understood by tb^ word ' thickskinned but he, nevertheless, had a certain stoutness of integument that was proof against any sudden dart Mrs. Armour had it in her power to throw : and he answered, with perfect coolness, 'You must not lay on me the responsibility of deciding which of my cousins you mean by that kind description, Mrs. Armour. I think them both pretty. But then I may be partial.' ' I mean the young lady with whom I have always eeen you talking whenever I have been at your uncle's house— Mass Kettering.' ' My cousin Olga is Miss Kettering. Thank you ; I believe Olga is very well. She appeared to he so on Thursday ; didn't she, Miss Hughes ?' ' Very well, indeed,' replied Aunt Judith. ' I believe I did not mention to you last even ing that my cousin Olga accompanied me to Nor wood the other day,' said Fritz, addressing Barbara. 'She came as representing the ladies of the family. Miss Stringer was to have come too : but at the last moment she was prevented. I explained it all to Miss Hughes.' AU this surprised Juliet Armour a good deal, and secretly angered her. The ladies of the Kettering family had limited their attentions to her to the formal leaving of cards. And then young Hofmann appeared to be on quite a familiar footing among these Hugheses. But presently Juliet thought she understood the position very well. It would have been long before 6uch attentions were showered on the family of the little governess had not the brother of the little governess inherited vast wealth. Juliet's lip curled with. contempt. Her own case was very different. She had been robbed — in- famously deprived of lier rights ; and it bchoVed I her to fight for them, if not by fair means, then with any weapon at her command. But for these Ketterings — rich themselves, and yet fawning on | money — her scorn was boundless. Mrs. Armour was to return to London at 0 o'clock. But it still wanted more than an hour of that time, and the hour threatened to hang very heavily. Her presence was a bar to much of the fami liarc3nversationthey might otherwise have indulged in among themselves ; and Claude showed an ill bred tendency to talk with her apart, ignoring the others. She was too cunning to let him do this at present. But when she answered bis half whispered sentences aloud, he resented it, and grew sullen. Moreover, he had never cordially liked Hofmann, and accepted his benefits with a grudging protest and the promise to himself that he would repay them twice over and be quit of him — some day. Then William Hughes was un easy. Barbara silent and preoccupied, and Fritz chafing under the intrusion of this stranger, his opinion of whom was, no doubt, derived chiefly from his cousin Olga and Sally Stringer. Alto gether, that hour which had to be got through loomed very lead -coloured. But when Aunt Judith ordered some tea to be brought in, to refresh Mrs. Armour before her journey, it was felt to be a welcome diversion, and then all became a little more cheerful as they sat with their teacups in their bands. ' Do you know,' said Mrs. Armour, somewhat recovering her vivacity, ' that I have seen a friend of yours ? AVhen was it ? Oh, yester day.' 'Of miner' said Hughes, to whom she had particularly addressed herself. ' Yes. Don't you remember our talking of him at Vevey, and my telling you he had left the army? Gilbert Hazel.' Aunt Judith turned round quickly. ' Mr. Hazel ! Is he in England again ?' she said. ' He is in England, and he is in Loudon, and, moreover, he is in the very same house where I — where I have a little pied-a-terre that I use when I want to be near my lawyer or to do any business. My sister lives at the end of the world.' ' Yes, Aunt Judith. Hazel came to see us the other evening. I was going to tell you all about his visit. You have seen him, then, Mrs. Ar mour ? How was he r' said William, earnestly. Barbara listened with wide, plaintive eyes and fiarted lips for the answer. Her face showed as ittle consciousness of the observation of others as a child's. She was absorbed in awaiting the answer to that question , But Aunt Judith fur tively watched Barbara. 'Oh, I think he is well enough,' answered Mrs. Armour. ' Why shouldn't he be ? Was he not well when he called to see you ?' 'Yes — oh yes : he was not ill. But he ap peared to be — worried — about business.' William was vexed with himself for having shown so much solicitude about Hazel before that woman. ' Really ! Well, I should say that it is his em ployer who is most likely to be worried.' ' Why ? ' demanded Fritz Hofmann, abruptly. ' Oh — well, because he is a kind of grown-up enfant terrible. If Mr. Wilson — that is the name, I believe — sells cloth, Gilbert Hazel will tell the customers how much shoddy is put into it. And if he sells iron, Gilbert Hazel will warn them of every bar that has a flaw.' ' I think I should like to buy my cloth and iron of him,' said Fritz. ' Oh, well — of course, iu that sense — ! But I was merely giving an illustration of his cha racter. He is Quixotic. I think that expresses him best.' ' He is a very noble -hearted fellow,' burst out Hughes, looking at Mrs. Armour, with a fire in his dark eyes that she had never seen there. Then he turned to Fritz, and told him something of Hazel's story — not all of it ; there were points as to which he did not feel himself at liberty to speak. But he told how manfully Hazel had endured the ruin brought on him by his father's rashness ; and how no hint of complaint against that father ever passed his lips. ' And then the simplicity with which he bears his poverty — neither bragging of it, nor hidding of it, but accepting it quietly like the thorough-bred gentleman that he is ! There's no man alive whom I honour more than Hazel ! ' ' said Hughes with generous warmth. Fritz listened attentively. ' Why did he leave the army after all ? ' he asked when the painter had ceased speaking. William paused a moment, and a look of pain crossed his face before answering. ' He had the opportunity of entering a house of business be longing to a member of his mother's family. And India never agreed with his health.' ' Oh, my dear Mr. Hughes,' cried Mrs. Armour, who quite understood that she had been snubbed and reproved, and resented it with a great deal of pent-up wrath, ' you must not believe all you hear about the much-abused climate of India. If a man is sick of the service, or not calculated to shine in it, or to aret on in it, the climate is a con venient excuse for leaving it. Major Armour used to say he had seen so much of that sort of thing. Now I must be goiug. as I mean to walk to the station.' Odious as he felt the woman to be. slie was there in some sort as his Aunt Judith's guest : :md AVilliam, in his chivalry, could not allow her to leave the house alone. He was preparing to ac company her ; but Fritz sprang up, and declared that that care must be his. He would have the honour of escorting Mrs. Armour to the station, if she would allow him to do so. Mrs. Armour was very willing te allow it, greatly preferring his company — although he had never paid her all the attention that was her due — to that of Mr. Hughes. And before she went away she contrived to whisper a word or two to Claude almost in his ear. ' I may come and see you again, may I not? ' she said aloud, holding Aunt Judith's hand iu hers. Then, with a rustling of silk, and a waft of cheap perfumery, and a gene ral sense of fuss, she took her departure : and pre sently her high-pitched tones were heard outside, as she and Fritz passed out of the little front garden and walked down the road. Once alone with Hofmann, Juliet Armour ' let her tongue rage like a fire.' Mr. Hofmann had been surprised, no doubt, to find her there? But she had resolved not. to make any feud about the wretched will. Mr. Kettering — whose opinion she valued more than she could say — quite agreed with her that it was due to her own dignity to show no animosity towards the inheritor of her uncle's money. Indeed, towards the poor young fellow himself she felt none. He looked wretchedly ill : did not Mr. Hofmann think so -* The sister was rather pretty, but inanimate : and perhaps a little — just a little — affcclcd. And 1 the old aunt, how comically quaint ! Her dignity was very amusing. But really, when one remem bered the circumstances under which her Uncle Dal ton had come to have any connection with that family there was something extraordinarily — she would not say brazen, but insensible ; amazingly insensible in the old lady's self-sufficient manner. Mr. Hofmann was, of course, aware that Miss Hughes kept a little dame-school near the Harrow road? It would, indeed, be a marvellous change for them all (for, of course, the whole family would benefit by it) if the young man lived to come into all that wealth . She had heard of the disinterested kindness shown to the Hugheses by Miss Stringer aud Miss Kettering. So very sweet of them ! Mr. Hughes was quite an original. Oh, yes ; very clover as a painter, no doubt. At least, so she had been told. But, probably, a little idle aud careless — the sort of person who lived from hand to moutli : and he had a decided tendency to — well, to romance iu his talk. Perhaps as an artist, he thought himself above the humdrum rules of the workaday world. But now, really, in confidence, all his rhodomontade about Gilbert Hazel was sheer nonsense. She knew a great deal more about G-ilbert Hazel than Mr. Hughes could possibly know ; and the fact was that the whole story of his father's speculations had been thoroughly discreditable ; and the young man himself had never done very well iu the army. Yes; she had. a second-class return ticket. She was uot ashamed of being poor. Indeed, it was, perhaps, a mark of respectability, seeing the chan nels by which money was acquired in some cases ! So many thanks. She would be charmed to see Mr. Hofmaim if he ever fouud himself near her little pied-u-tcrre. She could scarcely ask him to call at her sister's, who lived at the end of tlie world. Good night. Fritz felt that it was like opening a window and letting the fresh air into a close room to get back to Bavbarj after this dose of Mrs. Armour's conversation. Claude declared himself tired after Mrs. Armour's departure, and went to his own room, where lie dined alone, and afterwards sat in an easy- chair by a blazing fire, reading one of M. Zola's novels aud smoking cigarettes in the teeth of the doctor's prohibition. The others, thus left to themselves, dined together, and then chatted over their coffee by the soft light of a shaded lamp in the neat little (fraw ing-room. It seemed to Fritz as though life in general were shining through a shaded lam]). There was certainly no discord among the little party — nothing that jarred. But there was the suggestion of a plaintive minor — of a sadness some where that would not be suppressed and could not be defined. ' You do uot forget your promise to walk with me to-morrow r ' said Fritz to Barbara as he took his leave. Aud she answered gravely that she had I not forgotten it. He resolved the next morning to have a good tramp by himself before tho hour of his engage ment to walk ?with Miss Copley. He wanted to think over the arguments he meant to put before her — not, of course, to strengthen his own resolu tion — that was taken : but to silence some myste rious spirit of contradiction — a kind of devil's advocate within himself, that kept making its voice heard with intolerable importunity. So he sallied forth betimes, and the weather being dry, although not very bright, he walked hard for two hours. At the end of them, haviug made a long circuit and returned to Norwood, he found himself on the slope of the hill he had rushed up so fast with Olga, and with his mind full of all that Olga had said, had done, and looked. She had beeu very naughty and perverse. But what a dear, delight ful face it was when 6he looked up with that mutinous sparkle in her eye, and a smile curving her fresh red mouth ! She could not possibly be in earnest as to what she had said about Rhodo nides. He was such an ass ! And yet girls were persuaded every day into making such marriages. Almost every one whom Olga knew — beginning with her owu father and mother — would consider Olga to have achieved high good fortune in marry ing Rhodonides . The conventionality and world - liness of it all was really hideous ! Fritz, as he thought of it, gnawed his fair moustache and clenched his fists. Then he went down the hill again, and, in a few more minutes, lie was walking along the road in front of Miss Hughes's lodgings, with Barbara by his side. At first they weut on almost in silence, broken only by Fritz's remark as to the fineness of the weather for the time of year ; and Barbara's assu rances that the lodgings were very comfortable, and that Aunt «X udith was more than content with them. Then, all at once, Fritz said, turning his head so as to look full at his companion, ' Barbara, I suppose you know what it is I want to say to you ?' She met his eyes for a moment, and answered with modest firmness, ' I think it is for you to say it, whatever it may be.' ' Of course it is for me to say it ; and for you — if you will— to listen. I think I have done wrong, and pat you in a false position. When you told me you. would leave me free, I ought to liave said, ' Give me my answer Barbara, and let us stand clear towards each other and towards every one else!' Free ! A man who has said what I said to you can't be free, and ought not to be free — unless he is definitely rejected : and you did not definitely reject me, did you Barbara ? ' She looked at him with a changing colour, and her lips began to quiver. ' Forgive me if I acted mistakingly,' she said. ' I knew the generosity of your offer, and I wished — I thought ? ' ' I am not blaming you, dear ! Good Heavens ! you cannot suppose I mean to blame you? No ; it was all my fault.' ' But I want you to understand ? ' ' I think I do understand. I understand your delicacy of feeling— your magnanimity. To speak plainly you knew that you had no money, and that I had some.' ' Money, aud — and other things.' 4 * I have no other thing that even the Empress of the Philistines, Madam Grundy herself, could pretend to put in the balance. My father was a trader ; so was my grandfather. There can be no remote fiction of family dignity set up for me. No ; the whole matter is this : that you have no money and that I have some.' ' No ; that is not the whole matter — at least, not to me.' ' You. perhaps, remember something of that letter I wrote to you ? '? ' I remember it all — every word.' ' Well, I don't know that I could plead for myself any better than I pleaded iu my letter. If you can make up your mind to accept me as your husband, I will do my bast to make you harmr I will devote my life to you.' ' I know it. I am sure of it.' ' Then, Barbara, will you be my wife;' He stopped as he said it. She raised her face, and looked at him with a faint little smile ; and there was a wonderful radiance in her eyes as, putting out her two little hands to both of his. she answered ' No.' '? Barbara .' '* He dropped her hands and stepped back a pace looking at her. 'No.' she repeated. 'I will confess to vou that when I couseuted to come down here. I thought it possible that 1 might — might give vou a different answer.'' ' You may return to that good thought.' he said, quickly. ' Never ! And it was not a good thought. It was a selfish thought.'' ' I don't believe that. Barbara.' he said, look ing down on her protectiugly. (They were now walking on again, side by side.) She shook her lioad. '* I knew that if I married you it would be in my power to brighten their lives at home. Aud I thought — I am not all selfish — that perhaps I might be able to hrighteu yoms.' ?' So you could ! So you can '' lie exclaimed . Again she shook her head. ' As I lay awake last night, it all grew so clear to me that I won dered I could have hesitated. I saw that all the arguments I had been using to myself were false. I saw that in this case my first — my sole, duty was to you. No, please, let me speak ! I have said that my uncle is strongly attached to you. He esteems you very highly. Suppose I had gone to him, and said : ? Uncle William, I know that Mr. Hofmann is worthy of tlie best and warmest and truest love a woman's heart can give. Neverthe less, I, who cannot, give him such a love, will marry him because he is kind and generous, mid it will make your old age easier to know that I am so well provided for ' — how do you think he would have received that ? I believe it would almost have broken liis heart.' ' But you don't think that you may be break ing my heart, Barbara ?' She wiped away the tears that had gathered in her eyes, and smiled on him — this time so brightly, that he gazed, entranced with her beauty. ?' No, dear friend — dearest and best of friends it will not break your heart.' An hour ago Fritz would have admitted that it certainly would not break his heart to be refused by Barbara. But at this moment the devil's ad vocate within him suddenly veering round, whis pered that it was cruelly hard on a man to be asked to resign so perfectly charming a creature, whom he had been allowed for weeks to look on as his future wife. ' That is more than you can say, ' he answered, rather gloomily. 'I hope not. I trust not. If I have mistakenly done you any wrong, I ask your pardon, heartily aud humbly. It would be a very keen grief to me to think that you and I should not he friends : that I had incurred your anger.' ' Anger .' Oh, of course this is no question of anger.' 'Then won't you forgive me and shake hands:' she said, stretching out her own. He took it, and stood for a moment looking at her. Then he glanced round. The suburban road was very quiet and solitary. 'Barbara,' said he, - 'may I give vou a kiss?' The colour came into her face, but she put up her fair rose-tinted cheek without hesitation. He took off his hat, and, bending down, kissed her tenderly. ' God bless you, dear, ' he said. 'Youmay be right about that breaking of hearts : but one thing I know — you will always be to me the ideal of a sweet, pure woman. There will be a halo ehiuing about you in my mind, as long as I have any memory left. Do you know that I first saw you in a halo ?' ' ' In a halo ?' 'Yes; the halo round a butcher' 6 shop in the Harrow-road. Shall wo walk back?' ( To be continued. 