PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. Tho Geneial Assembly of the Piesbytonan Church ot Queensland met m the Wickham teriaco Church last evening Tin Retiring Moderator's Suimov After devotional exorcises, The lctiriug moderator, tho Rev Dr Uve, preached from Galatians i, G, 7,-" Another gospel which is not anothoi " After oalhng attention to the offoit mado in the roused version to express more clearly tho meaning of tho vuitei bj using the words, "A different gospel which is not anothoi gospel," the preachei went on to contrast Paul's gospel with that of the falso teachers of his day Ho went on to speak of the numerous offoits wlnoh have been mado to supplant Christianity 1 irst ausvvoiing in a few sentences the question which might arise,- 'What is Christianity ?" speaking of it both as a faith and a practical life, Dr Hay dealt with the various substitutes which had been proposed under the names of atheism, pantheism, materialism, agnosticism, and subsequently with positivism and secularism as two of tho off-spring of agnosticism. It was, ho said, as working practical theories and schemes of life that the chief rivals of Christianity claimed consideration In this aspect, he asked did any one of them stand tho test of an all-round comparison with the Christian faith ? They were based on the negation of all that is recognised as best and noblest in man The principles of his mental constitution were contradicted His most deeply-seated and universal convictions and sentiments and instincts were treated as non existent His aspirations and longings after tho good and the true are rendered abortive for the good and tho true were no longer recognisable Conscience was silenced, for duty was abolished Ihe origm of things, tho scheme and tho charaotor of lhfo, tho possibilities of the future were all swallowed up in devotion to the material and transitory present They shut then eyes to all tho historical evidences of Christianity For eighteen hundred years this faith had existed in the world Neither its existence nor its credentials were to be explained away Those rival systems ignored the answer that Christianity gives to all tho deeper questions that arise in man's inmost soul, and thu satisfaction that it gives to his deepest wants The best of them was but a poor, wretched alternative for the relogion and tho morality taught by Jesus of Nazareth and expoundod by Paul and Peter and Tames and John In conclusion he saud: " Whethor wo contemplate our most holy failli in rogaid to ita explanation of tho origin of tho woild of mau, of sin its lovolation of the remedy that has been piovided against eviI and its consequences its exposition of man's placa and responsibilities holfeoAi^onith, and with those the glorious possibilities-^ his destiny horeaftoi, wo havo no leason to «sul^ ashamed that wo havo aooopled tho tiuth asVit is in Jesus lheio aio injstoues doop and daik nboio us, around us, and boneath us, but that truth is a light that slunoth in a daik placo until the dajspnng on high visit us, and the sun of righteousness shinofoith in thoiuondian splondoui of his boams " Having dolivorod his sermon tho moderator stepped down from the pulpit and ocoupiad the Moderator's chair. Tho members of the Assoiiibly then carno forward, and tho Assombly having boen duly constituted, tho Rev. Dr. Hay offered prayer, making roforonoo to lho nbsonco of tho Rev. J. E. M'Swaino through illness. Calling the Roll. Tho Clerk road the rolls of tho Assembly as constituted, and tho following answorod their names : Presbytery of Brisbane.-Ann-street, Bris- bane: Bov. 0. Ogg; Mr. Aloxander Andorson, older. Park Church, South Brisbano: Rev. D. P. M'toholl, Mr. Hobort 8. Lang. St. Stephens, Ipswich : Bev. Peter Robortson. Sherwood : Rov. J. P. Pollock. Bellevue Church, South Brisbano: Rov. JnmoB Carson, Mr. J. ¿I. Brydon. Mowbraytown, East Bris- bano : Bov. A. 0. Smith, Mr. Duncan Sinolair. EnogRora-torraoo : Bev. S. G. Crawford, M.A ; Mr. John Vary. Toowong: Bov. Richard Korr, Mr. John P. Wilson. Churchbank, Harrisville: Rov. Potor li, Laird. Wickham terrace : Rev. G. D. Buchanan, B.A.; Mr. Georgo Hall. Bald Hills and North Pine Crossing : Rev. W. D. Meiklejohn, Mr. John Stewart. Albion : Rov. John Downey, M.A..A.B. Thompson Estate : Mr. John M'Donnell. Kenmore Mr. Duncan M'Caskill. Fortitude Valley: Mr. Georgo Bartholomew. Presbytory of Toowoomba.-St. Stephens : Rov. James Crookaton, Mr. A. Moffatt. War- wick : Rev. C. J. LoKato, B.A.; Mr. G. C. Nickol. Allora and Contrai Downs: Rev. J. B. Morrow, B.A.; Mr. E. M'Millan. Yangan : Emu Vale and Killarney: Mr. J. Kemp. Murphy's Crook : Rov. Wm. Pattorson. Dalby : Rev. J. A. G. Stirling, Mr. Thomas Collins. Presbytery of Maryborough.-Maryborough : Rov. J. I. Knipe, B.A. Gympie : Rev. A. Chapman, M.A.; Mr. Jas. S. Kerr. Bunda- berg: Mr. Jamos Watt. Tiaro: Rev. John Stoddart, Mr. Gilbert Lang. IPresbytory of Townsville.-Charters Towers: Rev. A. M'Watt Allan, and Mr. D. M'Nab. Mackay : Mr. W. Jones. Minutes. The minutes of lho pro re nala meetings of tho Assombly wero road and ordered lo bo printed and placed upon tho permanent looordl Tiru Moderator. Tho Rov. Dr. Hay said that it was thon his duty to return his sincere thanks to tho members of the Presbytery for tho respon- sibility which thoy had placed upon his shoulders last year. Ho felt, when he took tho moderator's chair last year, that it was a special honour he liad rcocived al their hands. At the meeting of the Assombly last year there were representatives present from tho othor colonies, and he felt thal the honour done was not really deserved on his part. Ho now tendered to the Assembly his sincere thanks for tho support and kindly forboaranco ac- corded to bim during his term as moderator. It was now his pleasant duty to introduce to thom amomherof tho General Assembly who had laboured assiduously, and with no Bmnll moasuro of succoss. ile had specially distinguished him- self with regard to Sunday soliools. Tha gentleman he referred to wus tho Rev. Charles J. Legato, B.A., of Warwick. Ho had vovy much plcasura in moving that Mr. Legate bo the moderator of this Assembly. (Applause.) Tho Rev. C. Oqq seconded tho motion, and in doing so spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Legate. Mr. Legato having retired for a brief space, reappoarcd attired in the moderator's gown, and was warmly rec eived. Tho Rev. C. J. Legate, the moderator elect, having briefly acknowledged the honour con- ferred upon him, said:-Our meeting of Assembly this year, let us hope, will bo ono fraught willi great good to ourselves and others. As we como from far and near to this annual gathering, it is hut natural wo should take pleasure in the happy rounion of brethren and friends long parted, and be glad to grasp each others hands, and with friendly greeting renew interrupted fellowship and valued friendships. But this, however pleasing, is subordinate to the higher and more sacred aims.for which wo meet. I do not need to remind, you that we meet in the name and by the authority of tho King and Head of the Church. Wo havo invoiced His blessing. Wo have supplicated His guidance, nota oi neau and heart, by His Spirit who is promised to abide with us. For tho heritage of work in the portion of the vineyard allotted to us, and the measure of success attending our efforts in the past we would "Thank God and take courage" But do not our hearts sometimes almost fail us when wo look around over this land and consider its spiritual condition ? We see the amount of utter godlessness that abounds—practical heathenism—bringing in its train Sabbath-breaking, drunkenness, gambling, impurity, profanity, and such like. And within the Church we see in our congrega- tions so much indifference, worldliness, and spiritual deadness; so many who, while making a profession of religion, yet live as if there were no special preparation needed for a hereafter; so many professing' allegiance to Christ, bat who often act as drags on the wheel of the Gospel chariot ;. so many of - the young and rising generation growing up outside the pale of the Church'3 membership. We may well tromblo for the ark of God, and might indeed despair woro it not for the restrain- ing and regenerating influences of the Gospel, that wo are assured do, and ever will, more or less prevail. The work committed to us in this land is, in very tiuth, great in its extent, in its responsibilities, and in its difficulties. In view of these things permit me to direct your thoughts to what must over be to us a matter of more than passing importance-namely, the spiritual value of tho work to whioh we are called, and may be justly demanded of us as a Christian Church. I say justly demanded, for there are many and various demands often mado in these doys, and many suggestions oflered as to what tho Churches ought to do to moot " the spirit of the age," and to devise ways to settle the difficult social problems of our time. There is a spirit of worldliness abroad that is im- patient of everything that will not servo present interest, and that woCid subordinate the spiritual to tho temporal, so that the Churoh should be, for_ the most part, but a means of remedying social evils, and of promoting materiol comfort and temporal good. If tho necessities of our time have, as "it would seem, led the Christian Church to take a more lively interest than formerly in the outward and material condition of men, it is only right that its influence should bo ever in tho van of every vvoithy entorpriso for human good, and tho voico of its ministers hoard on behalf of truth and righteousness, whether in regard to the transactions of commerce or tho vexed ques- tions of national policy. But it is just possible that a Christian Church may too readily give heed to tho demands of a materialistic age like tho present, and so far lose sight of the real object of its Master's great commission. For the evils that afflict society aro at bottom not economic but spiritual. Put tho spiritual right, and all will come right. There is more hope of social well-being from tho direct power of divine truth and the practice of vital godliness, than from tho most approvod and philosophic philanthropy. Tim renl value of our work as a Church lies in its spiritual efficacy. The moro eflicaeious our Church is spiritually, the nearor docs it approach tho ideal set before it in the word, and in our standards, as expressed under question 159 of tho Larger Catechism, where it is said-" They that aro called to labour in the ministry of tho Word aro to preach sound doctrine .... zealously, with fervent love lo God and the souls of his people, and sincorely, aiming at his glory and their oonversion, odiiicaliou, and salvation." Now do not Iheso thoughts load us to ono conclusion, and it is one I wish lo emphasise, t mid that is-that the groat need of our Church is v a quickened and levi ved spiritual life. In tho letter lo tho Presbyterian Churches from the ' Gonoral Council hold in Philadelphia wo find tho words, " Would that all our churches wero blessed with a now baptism of tho Holy Ghost and of Aro I Then would tho Word of God have froo course and bo magnifiod ! Then would the Gospel ot Christ break forth on the right hand and on tho left 1 Beloved, wo noed moro clear apprehension of tho Will of God as to tho salvation of mon. Wo neod an unction from tho Holy One." Wo do; is it not so? Our Church in othor lands is no stranger to the baptisms of tho Spirit. In Ireland in 1850 a revival beginning in a littlo prayor meeting spread throughout the whole Presbytoiian Church, over which thoro was an unwontod outpouring of tho JJoly Spirit. It was a sor.son of graco when souls woro gathored like the ripe grain in Harvest-a day of power that wrought a chango throughout tho community that timo has only served to malro moro mani- fest. Of tho churches in Scotland wo read at tho present timo that God has been giving thom, in many parts of that land, "showers of blossing," as Ho has ofton done in dny3 gone by. Eathois and brethren, I behove wo aro woll assured it is not moro money,' or moro skilful organising, or moro philanthropic offort wo noed as a Church so much as moro oí tho prosenco and power of the Holy Spirit. Wo havo ordinances and means of grace ministries and governments, doctrino and diBoiplino-tho wholo machinery, scrip- tural and completo ; but lho Spirit in the power. It is this power that is essential lo awaken and quiokon spiritual life. At the pro sent moment thero nro not a few throughout our congregations longing for a spiritual move- ment that will quioken our Ohurch into now life. And why Bhould it not oome ? Wo havo scon, most of us, timas of severe drought in this land. The clouds colleotod overhead* and appeared to promiso refreshing showors ; but tho next morning tho sun would riso in a cloudless sky. .» Something, it would seem, hindorod and kopt back tho rain. And in out- work perhaps the hindranco to tho refreshing Bhowers of spiritual blessing may bo on our uart the tendency to bo satisfied with things as thoy aro, or tho dread of innovation, or our roadinoss to look to other moans than tho great unlimited power at our disposal. Is it not that too littlo has boon made of tho spiritual powor--too littlo heed givon to the declaration that puts the matter whero wo should reoogniso it-"not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit, saitb the Lord?" A celebratod artist having completed a painting of the crucifixion on tho lofty domo of an Italian cathedral found, to his surpriso and disappointment, that it was too high to bo seen from below. The beautiful painting-the masterpiece of hi« lifetime-seemed lost and valueless. Rut tho difficulty was overcome. Ho placed a powerful mirror near tho floor of tho building, so that tho painting clearly re- floated therein could bo oasily seen by all. So should the Gospol ministry bo a moans to lollcct and transmit tho light and giaco of spiritual and heavenly truth. And who will doubt that if all the ministers and elders of the aBsombly-lot us narrow tho Bcope for tho moment to mako it practical - woro to yield thomsolvos wholly to tho Spirit of Christ-to be endued with power from on high-to be in very truth ministers of tho Spirit to those over whom wo aro set in ¡spiritual things, who can doubt butthoio would bo discerned the beginning of a rising tide of spiritual life throughout the Church which would bo not only full of promise for its truest good, but which would toll with salutary inlluencoB reaching far and wide. You havo hoard tho legend of tho " Thundering Legion" of the army of the ancient Roman Empire. Marous Aurolius had marched his troops into an enemy's country where there was no water. Overcome with thirst, they were threatened with destruction by an overwhelming barbarian force. In this extremity Aureliu3 prayed to his gods for help. And his magicians employed their incantations, but in vain. No help came. Ono legion of the army was composed largely of Christians. Kneeling down they poured forth their supplications to the true God to send rain, and rescue them from the destruction that threatened. Sud- denly tho heavens woro overcast, and tho rain fell in torrents-the soldiers oaught it in their shields and quenched their thirst. And, while the thunderstorm ällod tho barbarian hosts with alarm, tho soldiers of Aurolius, refroshed and encouraged, gained an easy victory. Do not our position in this land, and our experiences in spiritual things suggest to us what might bo hoped for, on an occasion like this, on behalt of the great and sacred aims for which we are met, if we should unite in one mighty and moving entreaty for God to send showers of blessing, in accordance with the promise "Even for this shall I be inquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them?" Should not more prominence be given, during these eight or ten dayB we are met together, to a subject so indispensable to the Church's wel- fare, and the opportunity availed of for special supplication for the mighty indwelling and working of the Holy Spirit in those present and those represented in this Assembly ? Was it not those first ton days whioh the early Christian Church spent in prayer and waiting for the Spirit that resulted in their being em- powered for the struggle, and their wonderful spiritual conquests in Jerusalem and Rome and throughout the pagan world? Blessed Spirit, lift Thy standard, Pour Thy grace, and shed Tliy lijfht ; Lift the veil and loose the fetter- _ Como with new «ud quickening might. Muko the desert places blosioin, Shower Thy sevenfold gifts abroad; Make Thy servants nfse and steadfast, Valiant for the truth of God. The Rev. C. Ono proposed a vote of thanks to the retiring moderator for his past services. and to the present moderator for his extremely interesting and instructive address. This was seconded by the Rev. A. C. Smith, who said he was struck with the simplicity and beauty of Mr. Legate's address, which was well worthy of tho occasion and of the Presbyterian Church. He referred to the great changes which had recently been taking place in Edinburgh with regord to religious matters, instancing how tho ministers of the Free and Established Churches there were now notnally changing pulpits. There was a great work going on there, he said, and he trusted that we should have a reflex of that wave in Queensland. He would like to see the discourses of both the retiring moderator and the present occupant of the chair printed and published. Mr. J. S. Kerr moved that the Assembly should return thanks to tho Rev. Dr. Hay and the Rev. Mr. Legato, but objected on the scoro of expense to the proposed printing of the discourses. Mr. Ooo's motion, with the suggested amend- ment, was agreed to. The Clerksiup. The Rev. B. Kerr having pointed out that last year Dr. Hay had not only performed the duties of moderator with credit and ability, but had also performed the function of clerk of the Assembly, moved,-" That Dr. Hay be re elected clerk of the Assembly." This was seconded by the Rev. D. F. Mitchell. Dr. Hay, however, asked to be excused, as he did not feel justified in accepting the responsi- bility. Moreover, ho felt that in Mr. Kerr tho Church had one who would work with diligence and ability for the benefit of the General Assembly and of the whole Church. He thought he had done his share of the work, aud felt that he ought to ask the Assembly to release bim from the clerkship. He, therefore, asked for permission to move that Mr. Kerr bo appointed clerk. The motion having been withdrawn, tho Rov. Biohard Kerr was appointed clerk on the motion of the Rov. Dr. Hay, seconded by tho Bev. D. F. Mitchell. Illsess or tue Rev. J. p. M'Swaise. Tho Rev. A. C. Smith moved that the Assem- bly express in the minutes their great regret at the absence through illness of the Hev. J. P. M'Swaine. Ho had visited Mr. M'Swaine that afternoon, and although somewhat better he was still weak and prostrato from the severe illness with which ho had been attacked, aud it would be some time yet before he could resume his duties. The Rev. Mr. M'Swaine had at different times been clerk of the As- sembly and moderator. The Rev. Dr. Hay seconded the motion, saying that he thought that was the very least they could do. The General Assembly, led by the Rev. A. C. Smith, then asked for Divine blessing for the afflicted minister and his family. BusixESB Arrangements. The clerk intimated that tho committee had recommended, in connection with the meetings of the General Assembly this year, that there should be only two sederunts instead of throe as formerly. It was proposed to meet at half-past S) o'clock in the morning and sit till 1 or 2 o'clock, whichever hour could most con- veniently be arranged for lunch. Tho after- noon would then be free, allowing the various committees to get on with their work, and affording visitors an opportunity to see their friends, or to transact whatever private busi- ness they might wish to do. They would then lesume at 7.30 p.m. On the motion of the Bev. G. D. Buchanan', it was agreed that the Assembly should sit from a quarter-past 9 o'olock a.m. till a quarter to 1 o'clock p.m., and resume in the evening at 7.30. To-day's Business. The order for to-day is as follows :-9.15 a.m., devotional exercises ; 10.15 a.m., the Lord's Supper dispensed ; 11 a.m., business to be taken up. This will consist of the treasurer's statement, report of the Financo Committee, and reports of the Presbyteries. In the evening the report of the Committee on Missions to the Kanakas will bo considered. 