Art and Literature — Scott's fame must suffer -in some degree from his own wilfulness, or ratber from the incur able defeots of whioh was rioh bnt not rare, . abundant. bnt seldom fine. It may "'Miffica tor one'"1 man to. have to oomo nearer vuan any oiser bjoiuu iu ouetteajieiue in his fiction, and nearer than any other mortal to H er in his verse. — Andrea Lang. - If Gray were living now, probably his idea of Paradise would be to. lie on a sofa, and et ernally read novels by Mr. Stevenson. He would, parh&ns;, even prefer thereto those of the younger Orebilloa. Certainly one never wearies of tbem, thoueh one prefers to inter sperse them with Miss Austen and a few other favourite authors. — Andrew Lang. The shrill jollity of a orowd, the common loss of individuality in an ardour of convivial fellowship, gives no now sense of strength or espaoify ; much rather it benumbs whatever sense of strength and oapaeity there was in us before. It obliterates anxietieB and troubles, but it obliterates, also the self- conscious life of every acquired faculty, and benumbs afresh the half -born insight -of awakening power. — Spectator. . Muoh of the confusion in the world of general thought ou the subject of the ideal is due to the confusion between the two accepted meanings of the word- The broad and com prehensive, and therefore the primary, mean ing is the designation, of what is present to tbe imagination as opposed to tho palpable and materialised,— the theory of the thing as opposed to the accomplishment of it.— Atlantic Monthly . "We inherit more than the wealth of our ancestors ; we inherit the consequences of their misdeeds. It is a most expensive thing io Buffer the poriple to drop and sink ; it is a burden whioh we lay npon posterity if we do not continually spend and be spent in lifting them op. Why, wb have been the best part of two thousand years in recovering the civilisation whioh fell to pieces when tbe Roman Empire decayed. We have not bsen fifty years in dragging up the very poor whom we neglected and left to themselves, the gallows, the oat, and the press-gang only a hundred years ago.— Scrtbner's. Oarlyle quotes a saying of Riohter, that Luther's words were like blows ; he himself compares those of Bnms" to cannon-balls ; much of his writing is a fusil ado. All three were vehement in abuse of things and per sons they did not like ; abase that .might seenL reoklese, if not sometimes coarse, .were it not redeemed, as the rogueries of Falstaff are, by strains of humour; The most i Protean quality of Oarlylo's genius is his humour : now lighting up the orevioes of some quaint fancy, now shining over his cerioua thought like- sunshine over the sea, it is at its beat as finely quaint as that of Osrvantea, more human than Swift's.— Prof. Aichol. . We conic continually across - pictures that have for generations been attributed to Raphael, to Titian, or to Michelangelo, and find that thsy are bnt the work of men of whose existence we have barely a record. A shallow critic would say. that it proves the master was overrated ; .the trath is, there was, in the time when the work was done, a great current of artistic tendency whioh swept smaller men- into the inspiration of tho greater, and exalted their powers. Now the enrrentisin another direction, and the greater men, who in Titian's day would have been his equals, are left in the shallows and quicksands, stranded for want of a pilot or a favorable onrrent.— W. j. Stillman. In one of his early esBays, Mr. Stevenson played with the oharniing fancy that the conduct of life depends upon skill in litera ture : not indeed wholly, hut in a groat measure. It is no light task, he insisted, io communicate your precise sense of things in set phrase to another man : the choice of words, the nicety and exactitude of them, may fail to impress your companion aa you would have him impressed. All speech, all intercourse by word of month or by ' hand of write,' is bo much practice of the literary art ; and human converse is thus encompajscd with peril. — Academy. What ia this world P An infinitesimal hall of stone and mad rolling about through spaoe wo know not whence, or where, of no greater size in comparison with the millions on mil lion s of other words than an ant-hill on its surface— a mere, almost indistinguishable, spot in infinity, with a quantity of. insigni ficant creatures on it, who flatter about for a fow minutes, and then are resolved into the elements. Is it not, then, too absurd that these creatures should he over seeking to lord it over eaoh other, and that any human being should caro for what be calls 'fame ?' I never look at an ant's.nest without these thoughts ooenrring to tm.— Truth. To be snoceasfttl in the ghost -storyline requires a speoial bent..- This quality is . not allowed to avery one. Many great authors havo, however j excelled in tho presentment of the fantastic, and thdre are at least three living Englishmen who have produced little masterpieces of this kind, so that we are apt to be fastidious. After Hoffman, Balz<c, Gautior, Sir Walter Scott, Diokens, and Edgar Foe — all writers of different method, and all masters of the fantastic — it would seem impossible to attain originality. Originality of ideas is not neoassary, hut originality of treatment and atmosphere is indispensable. One mnst create a new im- pression — un frisson neuveau. — Saturday Bevieio. 