PATRIOTISM AND CHRISTIANITY. IFBy the Eev. Hugh Phice Hughe=s, M.A.1 And they ting the song- of Moses the servant o Cod and tbe Eong of the Lamb.— Bev. xr. 3. When we see the events of this swift life witih 'other, larger eyes,' which of those 'events shall we cherish and commemorate? When we contemplate the things that are seen and temporal from the lofty, all- embracing stand point or the things that are unseenand eternal, which of the things that we now see shall we prize for ever? When we breathe the pure blinded by prejudice, unruffled by passion ; when we count up the losses and the gains of earth ; which shall we remember with satisfac tion and delight ? When the fiery dawn of the millennium morning mingles with the glassy sea of .the transparent and placid justice of God, and we take up the harps of God to cele brate the final triumph of goodness, whatr songs shall we sing ? St. John the Divine gives the answer — ' the song of Moses the servant! of God and the song of the Lamb.' . The song of Moses, what was that? 1* ^ written in the fifteenth chapter of Exoaus. « is Ithe sons which the Israelites sang on the Sltem^fre of the Red Sea after iUo» and his rider had been i thrown into the sea. went out after her with timbrels aud with dances. And Miriam answered them— Sing ye to the Lord, for He hath triumphe* It wan tbe «»S «* pat^ism. It mn the birthday ra national tw^om. Baton Brrasen haa veU said that o^ ^Q sight the Israelites erased the B«4 Sea modern history b^gan. IVom that aay to this the entire progress of $he feuman xⅇ has followed the fortunes of national freedom. The first condition both, of mental and of spirituallife ia national freedom. That is to Bay, national self-government. She grossest and the most grotesque] defr^aon ever invented by the perverse imagination of man is the notion that Christia^Vty does not pio- mote patriotism. Whv^ „, tQe absence of patriotism Christianity -^mnot thrive. Xt lives at best a pale, a slanted, a sickly life. The first great Christen apostle, St. Paul, would gladly have bep- fl even accursed for his country's sake, and all 'nig true successors have glowed with the sa-jjje divine fire. I am afraid that in these lusTjiousdaye there are some among us ?who ihr/ik -very little of national freedom. ?But Without it religion, art, literature, and ' all \bat makes life worth living would fad'j and die. The saints in Paradise nv'jy well celebrate upon the harps of God *ae birthday of national freedom. National freedom ib the only foundation broad enough &nd.;'8trang enough to bear an enduring fabric of true religion. Eeligious freedom has never existed in the absence of civic freedom. . !Purther, all modern progress and the destinies ' of the future are now in the hands of those nations which at the era of the reformation won national self- government. It is now generally admitted that the evan gelical churches during this century, _ and especially in England, have suffered, as Bishop Westcott says, from an excessive individualism, iieifih Hunt had much justification for accusing tis of ' other-worldliness.' We were in danger of being so pre- occupied with the future as to neglect the present. We did not sufficiently realise the immense influence of our social en vironment. We had not grasped the fact that we have no higher duty than to lay hold of the resources of civilisation in the interests of truth and progress, and that it is an essential part of our programme to - make it_ as easy as possible for everybody to do right and as difficult as possible for everybody to do wrong. Because we were pre-occupied with the individualistic gospel, because we grossly neglected our public duties, because we failed to make strenuous efforts to reconstruct society upon a just and humane and Christian basis we alienated the manhood of Europe. We still inherit the result of that awful error. At this moment the great majority of the men in every civilised country are outside the Christian Church. On the other hand, if we turn to the Continent of Europe we find thousands of men displaying the same passionate and boundless enthusiasm for what they call the revolution that the first m^ntiona airliiliiftail for OhrisiL. There are thousands of men in Europe to-day who would gladly shed their blood in the interests of 'the revolution.' What is the revolution? It is summed up in three magic words which you see on every public buildingin Paris — liberty, Equality, Fraternity. Why should anybody object to those words; three of the most Divine and sacred words ever uttered on earth? What is it that the most saintly of living bishops says in one of his intensely interesting and timely publications ? That the revoluntionary triad — Iaberty, Equality, and fraternity are after all only the social applica tion of the Pauline triad— Righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. When the religion which produces righteous* ness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost in the individual soul dominates public life as well as private life it necessarily and inevitably produces liberty, equality, andfraternity. It was -an evil hour for the Christian religion and for the huiran race when patriotism was divorced from piety and when patriotism was pitted againBt piety. Hence reigns of terror and streams of human blood. The great mistake of the Christian Church was that she sought righteousness without seeking the kingdom of God, and the great mistake of the Revolution was that it sought the kingdom of God ?without seeking personal righteousness. The church tried to sing the song of the Lamb without singing the song of Moses, and the Revolution tried to sing the T.n.TiiK Christ said, 'Go and make disciples of all the nations,' collectively as well as indi vidually. The purposes of Christ will never be accomplished until every law in every land is a Christian law ; until the principles of Christian morality are carried out in legislation and in administration; until our home policy is a Christian home policy ; until our foreign policy is a Christian foreign policy ; until, as Mazzini has finely said, patriotism is the fulcrum of our lever. We must capture the Foreign Office and make the Foreign Minister of every State an apostle of peace and goodwill among men. Patriotism is so divine, so essential to manly and full-orbed piety, that in Paradise itself the birthday of patriotism is for ever celebrated. But when they have sung the song of Moses, the servant of God, they also sing the song of theliamb. ? The song of the Lamb.- What is that? Kevelation is full of it. ' Worthy the Lamb that died,' they cry, 'To be exalted thus!' ' Worthy the Lamb !' our hearts reply ; 'For He was slain for us.' Well did Horace Bushnell say that the 'soul of all improvement is the improvement of the -BOuL' There is no more fatal delusion than to suppose that you can secure social salvation ?without promoting the salvation of the in dividual man. This is the dream, the fatal mistake, of Socialism to-day. Many of the fascinating projects of our Socialist friends could be carried out if men were angels. Un fortunately they are not. The Socialist en thusiast forgets that we have very imperfect material to work with. There could be no more terrible mistake than to suppose that any con ceivable legislation or any economic reconstruc tion of human society can rid the world of sin and misery. The work must go deeper. It must enter the heart. Every man must be converted, and cleansed, and purified 'by the atoning blood of Jesus Christ. Remem ber the terrible lesson of the French Revolution. They meant to reconstruct human society on a fraternal basis. But the world has never wit nessed a more dismal failure. It began with the applause of all humane men in every land, and amid boundless enthusiasm, in which selfishness itself was paralysed and seemed to. die. But, alas ! alas ! as the leaders of that movement were not Christian men, in a few months the hopes of humanity were drowned in a shower of blood, and all nations are feel ing the misery of that failure this very hour. Well did Carlyle say that the reason why the Revolution of the last century failed was the fact that its promoters forgot that sin had en tered into the world and death by sin. Men are sinfuL Men's hearts must be cleansed. By all means let us have any change in the social environment that is brotherly, that en courages goodness, that discourages badness, that helps men to achieve the highest mental, spiritual, and physical development of their nature. But they cannot achieve it until in addition to every conceivable external change there is that internal change for which the saints and angels praise God and the Lamb. Indeed, all the real happiness a*id all the true progress of this country and of every English- speakinR land are due to Christian meD, to genuinely converted men. The greatest ruler the British Empire ever had was Oliver CromwelL Never has England been so pre eminent among the nations as in his day. His foreign policy ?was so enlightened that it was in advance of anything we have achieved -since. If you desire that England should hold \- ? tip her head among nations her statesmen must ': be men with changed hearts. When had we each power as when Cromwell was' on the : throne? It was due to the fact that we had \- '- in office a man who did justly, who according to bis light loved mercy, and who walked humbly with his God. I have just returned from America. I have been to the great Com ? monwealth to which the future of the human race belongs. There yon have such religious liberty as men have not had before; religious liberty for every human being. What is the explanation of that? Simply lUttu -DUD X JigllJU X' aiuu»o i*wuu«»a uu ^ijriuuuwu Sock. Christian men laid the founda tions of that great Commonwealth which is the hope of the oppressed, and marches already in the Tan of the human race. If Eng land is not to-day in the miserable condition in which France is, what is the explanation? When Voltaire began his enterprise England was nearer revolution than France. But, thank God, at that moment a truly saved man began to preach the Gospel to the heathen masses of this realm. And as every true historian now admits, the condition of the British Empire in the nineteenth century is due to that great re ligious movement which sprang out of the heart of a man who was truly converted to God in this very city (London). We must sing the song of the Lamb. Everything will perish -without that. We need it more than we need jany thing else. _ All our aspirations for progress :and for happiness are doomed to dismal dis jgnxnntment unless men repent of their sin asd trust in Christ who died for them on the cross. I never felt the supreme importance of this more than now. I look around and I say, 'filen and women, how many of you can sing the Bong of the Lamb?' Cradled in freedom, blest with noble traditions, you may sing the song of Moses. iCan you join in the song of the ''V'jjunb? Can you say, 'He loved me and c& ve Himself forme?' How pathetic was an Sic ident which happened recently at Bradford. t One of the most popular ministers of that town ' visits da working man who was very ill and Avintt. The man saM« 'Oh, I have a great z*irii» And my brother minister said, 'I ^~?T«Vh at V3ix are in want; I will send you BSSSfiW' 'Tbatfsy wnatlwafv' Terfiediheman; 'I want to know my sins for eiren.' Btf wasdying friendless and in agony ; twit there WA8 something he wanted more than food And medicine. He wanted to know his fiins forgiven. We do not live by bread alone. Thatafco is » Socialist delusion. Suppose all were well elatT*nd well housed, would they be happy? Ho. We have more misery in Bel gravia than in 'JVMteehape'. moreagony above the poverty Jine $M»fcelow it. What broken hearts there are amid '-ne glitter of Vanitv Fair. Do not make s^ mistake. Man does not live by bread altr,^ Yon all -want more than that. You 'jggefr What that man in Bradford wV--e&t; that the aching void should be filled, and that your sins should be forgiven. 