Brother Gardener on Ghosts. “ It has cam to my kuowlpdgo,” buh! Brother Gardner ai’tvr the meeting had been opened in uue form, •* dats-»rtin members of dis Lime kiln Club am trubbled wid seum* ghosts au’ h earin’ strange noise?. I hov boon told dnt Shindig Watkins has received three distinct warniii’s dis spring to prepare hisself fur de grave; dut Kurnol On biff can’t sleep fur bearin’ wbisjiers at midnight, an* dat Elder Toots wakes up moos’ ebery night an’ seas a spook wic Jery eyes glarin’ at him ober de fut o’ his bed. I hev got a few words to pay or. dis subjick of ghosts, an’ I want de members o’ dis club to lisfleu wid all deir might. “ I am now sixty one y’ura old, an’ I-reckon I hev had as much experience wid ghosts an’ t>ich as any odder man of yo’. I used to believe in ’em. Bar was a time when I’d hev bet my mewl agin a peck of beaus dat ghosts was a-play in' baseball under my bed obery night of de y’ar. I lay dar an'he aril warn in’s an' death tricks an’ whispered voices, an’ I got up in do mawuin’ feolin’ dat I was not long fur dis world. Biraoby I began to Agger, an* it wasn’t a week befo* I solved de mystery. I made out about aa fellers: “If yo’aio six weeks behind on yo’r house rent yo’ will see a spook lookin’ at yo’ ober de footboard of do bed. He’s dar to inquar’ what j yo’ am gwiue to do about it. ** If yo’ has bin shootm’ craps and lost de two dollars de ole woman had saved up to buy a pa’r o* shoes, yo’ll h'ar ghostly footsteps all obor do cabiu fur three nights ruimin*. Yo'll also h’ar from de ole woman doorin* de day. . “ If I had bin sorter walkin’ around doorin’ de day and bad diskirered a hencoop which promised to pan out well de fust dark night, I should listen mighty hard when I got to bed. If I heard a death tick in de wall I should take it to mean dat I*d better let dera twenty-two chickens alone, ’cause deir was a spring gun jest inside de doah of do coop. If I didn’t h’ar de tick I reckon I*d chanco it, though I’d go powerful slow an’ feel all around in de dork fur dat gun. “ If a white man cams along in de mawnin’ an’ offers yo’ a dollar iur a day’s work, au* yo’ stick fur a dollar an’ a half an' continuer to sot ou de fonco 'cause he won’t give it, yo’ll go to bed dat night' to h’ar stranga whispers all around yo’. If yo’ll lissen clusly yo’ll make out dat yo’ am bein’ told yo’d better resign from dis club befor* yo’ git do bounce 1 “ If Samuel Shin should borrow two dollars in cash of «ae, which he can’t possibly do, an’ should fail to piy it back at de time agreed upon, ho’d see ghosts at night. Dey wouldn’t be ghosts from the graveyard, but ghosts from liia conscience. Bar am miffin'real about it. Yo’vg done aunthin’ mean, an’ yo* feel con science stricken ober it. No member of dis club who keeps up his dues, pays his debts, an’ tries to live like a decent man need bo afeared of spooks. He’ll go to bod to sleep as sound as a brick. Spooks won’t hev no use fur him.. “ From dis time on I shall hev an eye out fur Bruddera Watkins, Jones, Cabiff an’ Toots, an’ fur aich odder members of dis club os' may take to seein’ a ghost an' bearin’ warnin’s. I doan say dat seein* a ghost wilt be considered sufficient reason for expulsion, but it will go a long ways toward matin’ me feel sartin dat sich. pussons doan reflect no partickler credit on dis club as a nashunal organizashun.” Brother Joues arose and tried to square him self by explaining that what ho took to bo the whispers of spirit voices turned out to be nothing but the labored breathing of his brindled dog under the bed, and that he had so reported, but Brother Gardner rapped for order an’ said: “Sot down, Bruddei Jones! Bar am no queshun bsfo’ de house. Yo* hev heard what I had to say, an’ I hope yo’ will profit by it, same as de rest. At de next meetin’ I shall arrange wid Sir Isaac Walpole to move dat byelaw No. G6G be amended to read .so dat any member seein’ a ghoat or bein’ whispered to at midnight by a speerifc shall stand accused de same as if ho had busted into do museum an’ stolen de sacred skull of Cicero.’* Why is it that death ahould come before ths allotted age of '‘three score and ten,” and why so many millions of human beings never live to see three score and five, and why that not one in every thousand live to three score years? We kill ourselves. Many interesting particulars are found in tables of physiologists and writers on hygiene. The eminent phy siologists, Haller and Button, present interest ing particulars on tbe subject of longevity. They treat it in two ways, historical and physical. The historical side of the recitation of all facts known of the naturally ordinary and extreme duration of life and the physical aspect of the problem involves the contempla tion of tbe great natural phases of development of the species, digestion, period of growth and length of life. Mankind pays tco little attention to the warning voice of nature, signs of approaching calamity are unheeded, the disorganisation of the atiectcd organ increase**, and after a time becomes insensible, then no pain is felt, and the suiTerer 13 deluded into tbo belief that he has shaken olY thu disease, nothing could be more erroneous or dangerous, for the complaint has only passed on one further stage towards the end, and nature ceases to send those warn ing aches and pains as they were unnoticed when sent, the delility and weakness increases, however, and nervousness, less of appetite and general langour comes on and a cold ia caught in the kidneys* lungs or liver, and another life is sacrificed to Bright*!* disease, Consumption or some other serious and fatal disease. Scoffers can talk aB they like at the virtues claimed for Clements Tonic, but even the /moat prejudiced men know it is genuine and does posses merits no other medicine ever did, as instanced rin the following caseFor the past four years I have \- been a great sufferer from sjvere pains‘in the 1 hack and left ride, being at dimes quite unable 1 to do any work or even wall about. I suffered m this way until it became cuite unbearable and i.i February, 1SS9,1 consulted a physician who treated mo for seventeen months, and daring that time I suffered the sererest torture under his treatment, and instead of improving, con tinued to get worse, he isid at last. “ I have done all 1 can and you will never be better.” This drove me to despair and I went under another doctor's treatment for four months and took about thirty bottles of medicine, but with no result. I was giving up all hopes when I read of the wonderful cures effeoted by Clements Tonic, and on my husband's advice tried it, and after the use of only three bottles I wsi quite a different woman. I have taken fifteen bottles, and feel as well and strong as ever, and can do my work with * ease and pleasure, whereas it was a great trouble before uring Clements Tonic; I;can now walk for miles without fatigue. /Before taking this medicine I had often suffers! with neuralgia for weeks at a time and could nflvcr get any relief, but since taking CletnentajTonio I have never had an attack of it since. As a result ef my experience I have much plena re in recommend ing it to all afflicted. Mrs 3. E. Baker, Swan street, Morpeth, ‘N.S.'W!.? Header!—Ts.it any wonder interested people jsjould he jealous of Clements Tonic when ity patrons write auah spontaneous praise as that*' yet these Is: not a ► mail bag oomes oar ■ way|> tat .what brings . ns [ simflarTetters. F. M. Ctooents, 212 a’Beckett atreet,M*U*>arne* .1 V t 