HALL OF SCIENCE ,8Jf;IA L. \--0-- 0" Saturday evening the August tea meet* ing and social took place in the Hall of Science. The socials at this place are always largely attended, but the one on Saturday was inconveniently crowded. Tlhe har.ll was tastefully decorated with variegated ban nerettes and coloured festoons The follow. ing ladies diopented to relays of patrons an excellent tea, to the eatisfaction of all : Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. Bell, Mrs. Davideon, Mrs. Harris Mrs. Ketley, hrs Wat'on, and Mrs. Winspear, with Mies Davidson, the two Missjo Watson, and Mica ituabbird. After tea, the PRESIDEcST (M?r. I(atley) occupied the chair, and said it Erve him grrat pleasure to give them all a hearty welcome to the good things rovided for them both physically anrd montally. He was glad to see so large a meeting of both old and young, who had come to c:joy the musio and singing, together with a speech from their much respected and prominent leader, Mr. Joseph Symes, from Melbourne, who, last Sunday, assinted in openieg the large and handsome Freethought Hall in Sydney, (Cheers.) After a song, by Mrs. Harris, which was loudly applauded, and a round dance, the Chairman called upon Mr. Joseph Symes to address the meeting. Mr. SYMES said he heartily congratulated them upon having such a large and happy looking audience before him. He was told this was the largest of the large tea meetings and socials they had ever had, end he as glad to hear it. Some thought that people with their views had no right to be happy. People who differed from them confessed every week that they were " miser able sinners,' and they apparently thought that everyone else should be miserable too a but it was not so. If there were any persons in the world who had a right to be happy it was those whose honesty and uprightness banished all fear of the future from their minds Those of their belief had no fear of angry Gods or more angry devils. (Hear, hear.) Having banished these superstitions they made up their minds to make the best of this world as they found it. Knowing from experience that unfaithful- ness and dishonesty produced misery, and that sincerity and honesty produced halspi noss, they eschewed the former and aec:epted the latter as their conduct in life, resting perfectly satisfied that the faithful discharge of the duties of this life was the best pre paration for any other, if such there be. (OCheers). Believing this. and having no fear of the future, they bent their minds and efforts to make themselves, and their fellow men as happy as they could. (Appluee). And the audience before him, from their beaming countenances, appeared to be of that way of thinking, for they seemed to have come together to enjoy themselves in a rational way that evening. He (Mr. Symes) was also pleased to see so many young people and children present with their parents. Elderly people,they knew,would in course of time die and leave their places for the young to fill, and it was desirable that the places of the older ones should be filled worthily by those who should follow them, and in order to do this they should be taught the best knowledge and the highest principles of morality to guide them through lifo. He should be glad to hear that they had established a lyceum in their hall similar to the one in Sydney, where the children were taught on Sunday the facts of Nature, without superstitious beliefs in gods and ghosts and goblins, which only existed in the imagination of the ignorant and credulous. (Applanuse.) He concluded by thanking them for their cordial wolconme, and would not longer detain them from the further happiness of the evening (Cheers.) After more music Mr. J. DAVIDSON, vice president, said he was one who had been present at the opening of the handsome new Freethought Hall in Sydney the previous Sunday. The proceedings were of a cheer ing and a grand success. The evening meet ing was overcrowded, hundreds being re- fused admission, and the speeches of Messrs. Collins, of Sydney, Symes, of Melbourne, and Nelson, of Brisbano, were superb. This, said the speaker, was the first hall devoted to freethought built in New South Wales; but they must now take a back seat, as the Sydney one put the one they were in in the shade. The hall in Sydney had cost £5000, and was a noble testimony of the spread of freethought. Those who said secularism or freethought was dead did not read the signs of the times. (Hear, hear.) As in the past, knowledge had banished ignorance and superstition, so it would be in the future; as the sum of knowledge in oreased, ignorance and vice would disappear and this would become a place better worth living in. (Hear, hear.) Speeches and songs were interspersed with dances, and much enjoyed. The lady singers who contributed to the enjoyments of the eveing were Mrs. Harris, tire. Jones, Miss Stubbard, Miss Cunningham, Mrs, Stanton, and Mrs. Payne; and the gentle men humourists were Messers. Turner, Carr, and J. Davidson. The music was provided by Messrs. Fry, Waterhouse, and assistant. Mr. Turner eicoiently acted as accompenist, and W. A. Frowin was a suooesful M.O. Thanks wore awarded all round, and the meeting closed at 11 p.m. \- Lt~nelomgo,, : o . mk At Baelow a young Shefllield postman rid-q. ing a bioyole tripplod over a stone. Hlie was thrown under a waggonetto, in whioh his oweetheart was riding, and instantly killed. TEas (Glen Innoo 0ounoil, at its lost mot ing finally agreed to the proposal to oroob goa works in thapt town. The report, whioh the alderman adopted, urgeo that the oreo tion of the works be undertaken immodi. otoly. The Governor~in-Council has given the noecessary pormisnion to borrow S6000, and we (Gardiahr ) presume a loan will be arranged at once. A TeAnosess' aseocition has boon formed at Goulburn. TosE Arlidrale .E?p)re1,s states :-A olerk in the local Lands OCico, with a epooulative turn of mind, took advantago of the holiday on Monday last to visit the BSherwood mine, in which he was, to all appearances, greatly interested. Bo left Armidale on Saturday, and on the following morning took the bush track for the seat of the gold deposits. Whether he found the object of his searoh it is hard to say, but after waudering for two days through the maze of gullies and rifts, and clambered over the innumerable spurs to be found in that loJ;!ity, he was found by some miners in anything but a hopieful con dition, and one of the socriest.loosing gold huntors seeon for many a day. It is danger. ous to mention asnything about a grass diot, or hint on to theo wheore:?ahouts of the Sherwood, in thie precsuco of this would-bo explorer. 