jTHE MERCURY. BOBART : TUESDAY* NOV. 1, 189Î. EPITOME OF NEWS. AU Saints" Day. Public dog-cateher to be appointed. Special services at All Saints' Church. City Council discarded Alderman Crouch's motion re fish market. Entries for Sorell races appear in this issue. Entries Colebrook Trial Stakes close this evening. Relief works proposed foi the benefit of unemployed timber men in the Huon district. St. Mark's (Bellerive) Sunday-school Indus- trial Exhibition to-night at 6. The Campania spring sale has been post- poned until the 11th inst Full rehearsal of the Hobart Musical Union at the Mayors Court-room, this evening. Opening by Lady Hamilton Wesleyan Sun- day-school Industrial Exhibition, 3 this afternoon. Mechanics' Hall. Another successful musical matinee yester- day afternoon by Messrs. Arnold and Barnett. Lady Hamilton lectures on " The import- ance of health" to-night at St. George'« Schoolroom. Customs returns for week ending 27th October.-Hobart, £2,544 3s lOd; Launces- ton, £2,168 5s 3d. Miner named Brosnan killed in Western mine, Zeehan, yesterday, by piece of timber filling from brace on to his bead. Melbourne Cup day. The Carmaux strike has ended, Malvolio hist favourite for the Melbourne Cup. In Coburg Stakes on Saturday Accident broke two of its legs and had to be destroyed. Amateur Champion Four-oared Race «von by Yarra crew on Saturday. American wheat market exceptionally low. Harvest prospects exceed extreme estimates. Quarantine restrictions at Marseilles for the present abolished. Bank New South Walo» has declared a 15 per cent, dhideud, and a 2J per cent, bonus. Steamer Monowai, leaving Sydney yester- day for San Francisco, took as part of her cargo 375,000 sovereigns. A New Zealand passenger named Mrs. Little has committed suicide on board the s.S. Doric. Daring safe robbery in George-atrwjt, Sydney. Cash and jewellery valued at £1,200 stolen. Melbourne police made raid on Saturday on «porting clubs ; made fifty arrest«, and seized £1,000. Loss of steamer Roumania on the Portu- guese coast was owing to bur steering a wrong course during a donso fog. Melbourne wool prices have advanced from one farthing to ono half-penny beyond open- ing rates. The Pope interdicts the coming Roumanian Royal marriage unless the bridegroom adopts the Catholic faith. Those who take the trouble to reason, and we are afraid that the number is not so large as is desirable, will agree, we think, that the trial of the Broken Hill rioters lias resulted in the only possible way, in a community where law and order are still respected. There may be differences of opinion as to the sentence passed upon Sleath, but we do not suppose that any reasonable person will question the justice of his conviction as the ring- leader, and that of his fellow rioters and associates in the incitement to crime. It is well, too, that the trial should have been a most careful and deliberate one, because proceedings so conducted leave no room for cavil, whilst they are full notice to all con- cerned that the law, if somewhat slow, will be vindicated sooner or later. It is easy enough to understand the rage as well as the dismay w Inch was awakened at Broken Hill amongst the strikers when the news of the convic- tion and sentence was received, but the strikers are men who have come to the conclusion that everything is tyranny which does not agree with their wishes, and that they have a special right to assail others as they please, and enforce their trade ideas with " a lick i' the lug." No doubt, as we have been repeatedly told, they consider themselves martyrs for a principle. lu this idea, probably, they will be confirmed by the various Trade Unions in the colonies, for it is charac- teristic of these bodies that they never ask whether a strike is wise or justifi- able, but simply support every strike.as if there wus no difference between them. It seems to be a part of the faith of the members of their bodies that the Union is a sort of fetisli which they are bound to support, even at the risk of their lives, and that there is to be no thought as to whether it is right or wrong, promoting their interests or leading them into difficulties and dangers of a most serious character. "We can hardly help giving some little tribute of admiration to men who thus sacrifice themselves for an idea, but we cannot but remember that this is not the first time in the history of the world when societies have received blind support, although they were inimical not only to the best interests, but even at times to the very existence, of society. The history of the Middle Ages, indeed modern history as well, is full of examples of Societies which demanded and to which a blind obedience was given, although there was ample evidence that their results were bad alike to their followers and to the community at large. lleceot developments of Trade Unionism,ascarried out in these colonies, have shown that their ten- dency is to become brutal tyraunies which are guided by a few men, and those men such as are not capable of dealing wisely, with any of the great problocuo arising out of the relations of capital and labour. We might suppese that the workmen would soon see that the reasons for which strikes are made aud the way in which they are carried out must end in the most serious conse- quences to themselves, but it appears to be certain that a large portion of the workmen either do not see this, or they regard the struggle as one between capital and labour, and they have a notion that Bomehow, they have no distinct idea how, they «ill coerce their natural enemy. On the whole, we incline to the opinion that this last idea is the rerlly underlying one, and that what we actually see is a social- istic war, which takes tho form of various demands on behnh ->f Trade Unionism, which demands every Trade Union feels that it is in honourboundto support, without any inquiry into their merits or iuto the means by which they are supported. This being the case, wo can see at once that Society is what is actually attacked. The rights which all Govern- ments ' are supposed to guarantee, and ' without which there can be unreality .no government at all, are i what are assailed. Certain private societies' have undertaken to override jthe law. They claim the right, a ljight which they pretend to sustain at 'once by íbice, to say on what terms everybody < shall work, and even who shall; and who shall not work at a particular place. The moment a strike is proclaimed they proceed to enforce this alleged, right by means of pickets, who resort to more or less violence according to the pover which I they seem to possess. In the United States the Trades Unionists openly took to arms and had to be put down by the military force. What the people on the whole thought of the busi- ness may be learned from the fact that the soldiers were loudly cheered on their return, and were regarded as having pieserved the freedom of the people, as manifested in and secured by the supremacy of the Go- vernment. In these colonies we have precisely the same problem to deal with, but, happily, so far, it has not yet reached the full development attained elsewhere. But the drillings at Broken Hill, and the drillings in Queensland last year, all point to the methods which would be employed if there was the least prospect of their success. They mean, of course, nothing less than the supremacy of brutal Î)hysical force, directed by men who lave shown themselves utterly unfit for positions of command, and who have never hesitated to pander to the worst passions of their followers, and who have, again aud again, led them into all sorts of ruinous undertakings and outrageous follies. At Carmaux, in France, we have a still more curious illustration of the lengths to which Unionism will go. One Calvin h Ac, a workman in the Mining Grant Company, was dismissed because he only condescended to work a few hours a month, whereupon there was a strike, ou the pretence that the dismissal was due to jealousy, be- cause he had been elected Mayor. The Government intervened and an arbi- tration took place, and the Minister or tux Iktehior decided that Calvin- j hac ' should be reinstated and be | granted leave of absence during his term of office, and that all the strikers, except those who have been guilty of rioting, should be taken back. The decision seems a remarkable one, but lit did not satisfy the men, who insisted that all the rioters should bo released and reinstated too, and so the matter appears to stand at the present time. Whether the company was prepared to accept such an award as this we do not know, but we do not see how any business is to be carried on if such terms are en- forced, so that it is probable that we shall hear more of this matter. In all these manifestations, it is to be noticed, the same spirit is shown, no matter in wkat part of the world they may be wade, or what the precise demands may be. The workmen insist that they shall have what they want or they will resort to force, and they do resort to it whenever they can. It is this phase which concerns the whole of society. No one need work if he does not choose, but the Govern- ment is bound, if it does not wish anarchy to supervene, to insist that those who will work shall be free to do so. This is what has been en- forced in the United States, and must be enforced everywhere, with prompt- ness, decision, and without reference to persons or causes. It is proverbially an ill-wind that blows nobody any good, and it ¡b no', therefore, altogether surprising to find, as the result of inquiries made into the alleged distress at the Huon, that there is a silver lining even to the dark cloud supposed to hang over that district at the present time. There is certainly distress there, but nobody yot, so far as can be ascertained, has arrived at starvation point, and the small works which the Premier hopes to be able shortly to set otk foot, as described elsewhere, should be the' means of ameliorating the condition of things not a little. Those who are in a position to do so are bolping their less fortunate neighbours, so that things may after all be tided over until a better state of affairs ia brought about in a natural wsy. So far as the timber industry is con- cerned, the outlook is apparently « viry black one. All the mills are stopped, or practically so, with large stocks of market- able timber in hand, and there is not an order, either local or intercolonial, to be had, the result being confirmatory of what we said last week (a fact that deserves to be written ia capitals in letters of gold), the men are going back to the land. It was the higher rate of wages given at the mills, because of the money to be earned on the roads and at the mines, that made erstwhile producers careless and forgotful of their wheat and potato crops, and it is the sud- den withdrawal of all these extraneous Bources of wealth that bas made the same people desirous of roturning to first prin- ciples, and the resumption of their old habit of tilling the soil. The transforma tion cannot necessarily b3 eflected in a moment, and, despite w hat the Premier may good naturcdly scheme for the people's emergency, there must be some hardship, and even suffering, before things find their former level, but even now one can hear of plots lately neglected being once more planted with the old sources of life and profit, even the popular orchard having for the time being given way in popular opinion to something that may in more senses than one be a better agency in bringing grist to the mill. "Eormerly," said one Huon ite yesterday, " there used to be a flour mill going day and night at the Franklin, that not only supplied the dlBtiiot. but had hundreds of bushels to send away ; it has been silent of late, but we shall soon hear its weloome noise again." That is the lesson the Huon people have to learn, and it is a good sign to find them so alert in regard to the matter, with very little prompt- ing but their own dilemma. The Govern- ment may give them temporary aid, but they must face the situation, so far as its permanent solution is concerned, of them- selves, and for themselves alone. They muBt go buck to the lund, either as farmers or I farmers' assistants, and in that way earn a living as their fathers, or even some of them- selves also did in the days gone by. That seems to be the practical issue of the present orisia, and it must eventually be a good thing for the colony if they do so and oe more become thoroughly independent members of the community, and, above all things, pro- ducers instead ot coBSumers only. We learn that a committee of the Marine Board has brought up a report recommend- ing the re-imposition of compulsory pilotage oharges at the Port of Hobart, apparently for the purpose of what is vulgarly called raising the wind. This reoommeiidation has, it is said, been favourably received by sundry members of the Board, so that it is not improbable that it may be adopted at the next meeting. We strongly recommend the Board to pause before it goes back to a state of affaira which pioved unsatisfac- tory in the past, and may prove most detri- mental in the future. The total amount received for pilotage in 1891 was £519, a' comparatively small sum, which can be of no gieat importance) to the Board, whilst it appears that close upon £8,000 was received for wbaifage rates. We desire to draw the attention of the Board most earnestly ' to the consideration that its bueiuess should bo to make this port an easily and as cheaply accessible as pos- sible. Ibis ia the true and only policy which can be followed with success. Laun- ceston lias made the mistake of imposing heavy charges, which have tended to keep shipping away from that port, and yet in the face of this the Hobart Board de- liberately proposes to follow what is ad- mitted to be a most vicious example. Has the Board forgotten that only a few years ago there was a pro prsal to give a considerable subsidy to any shipping company which would send a steamer to this part once a month ? Has the Buard also forgotten that every English steimer which calls here causes a consider- able amount to be spent in the oity, besides affording great facilities for the carriage of passengers aud carj,o ? Surely the Board by this time is able to see what we had oc- casion to point out some years ago, that its business is to make the port as froe as it possibly can, so that it may become the centre of a large traffic, which it never will b» if cha-ges ure imposed after the fashion'which some p-rsons propose. We trubt that the Board will take abroad view of its duties.and not bark back to a nairow and mistaken policy. _ Mb. Arnold Mom ey, whom Mr, Glad- stone has lately made Postmaster-General, and who the Review of Iteviews assert« "No one expected to see a Cabinet Minister, al- though the haughtiness of his manier would have prepared me.nberi to hear that he had been made a duke, or at least an archangel " appiars quite equal to acting up to this cfcatacter. Our cable messages tell us that, against good counsel and very cogent argu- ment, ho persists in objecting to any ade- quate subsidy being granted to the San Franci'co mail service, a connecting link in tho postal ai rangements of the Empire «'Ililli noue but the veriest tyro in Adminis- tration vi ould thiuk of casting aside. For months past arguments have been dinned and reiterated, showing that to bring this iinpoi taut'ser wee, a« Mr. Mobucv. inaiiU shall be done, down to the grado of ordinary Postal Union rates, is neither fair to the contractors, who have sr very expensive line to woik, nor to the publie throughout the Australian"Colouiee, who find the service between San Francisco, Auckland, and Sydney of very great usefulness commercially and socially, though from a revenue pro I ducing point of viewHit gives no great results. The Ageut-Goccral for New Zealand is doing yeoman's service in his persistent efforts to get the necessary subsidy granted, and though rebuffed at every point, and for trivial reason«, does not yet own hinvolf defeated. Be has enlisted the good services of the Secretary of State and Under Secre- tary for the ColouicB, and there is yet reason to hope that the igh and 'aughty Morley, son of a hosier and haberdasher in Wood street, and who has evidently little actual knowledge of the value of the service in question, will be yet found amenable to reason and common sense. Prince of Walks' Bibthdai - W educe day, the 9th No.embtr, has been proclaimed a public holiday throughout the colony, it being the annn ersary of the birth of Hu Royal Highness tha Prince of \\\ ales BANKRits' Ritcbns -At a meeting of the Executive Council, held on Friday last, the following order wai decided upon, and appears ia to day'« OaMle -" It is hereby ordered and direc od bj the Governtrw Council, that pickets containing baukcra' weekly and half j early returns from one branch to another within the colony may hereafter be sent by post as packets within the meaning of ïhe Post Office Act, 1881, wholly enclosed, if endorsed with a tiue statement of the contents thereof " Launceston Aetillebv -notice is git en in to day'« Gazette that the Launceston I Artillery will assemble for the aunual train li g at low- Head, on Saturday, 5th inst Tasmanian Rim. Rmument -The i sual Monday night parado was held ut tho Banacks last evening, when there nasa good muster of all ranks The officers pre tent were Captain Richardson, Lieuts. G R fenny and Hickson, The men fell in at the barrack room, und were called up one by one and paid for the daylight drills at whieh they had been present during the year They were then exercised in the manual drill by the sergt roijir, and the buglers were made to sound the various calls the meaning of wluoh was explained to the men, who were afterwards put through some useful drill on the square, and Mere dis missed about 9 o'clock During the et ming several recruits were sworn in, haunt; fiist obtained the necessary medical certificate A Work on New Ghinka -Mr T Bevan, who presen ed a cop} of Ins work containing an account of his exp orations in New Guinea to the Hobart Piee Public Library, ha« heard from tho Governor of British Kew Guinea, Sir William McGregor, under date ISth October, 1892, us folio»b - " I have sent vour book to the Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society of England, and suggested that the Couneil miqht wish to examine it to consider whether you should be awarded auy of the distinctions the Society confer« " " Catholic Standard "-The November number of this publication has been issued It contains a special obituary notice of the late Hvnry Hunter, the well kuonn arclu sect, who has left the n ark of his skill on many public buildings m this city, in Launceston, and in many other places throughout the island Editorial y Sunday Night Concerts are deal with, and regret is expressed "that Mi Hartnell declined to accede to the wishes of the clergymen «ho dessrved to be ngarded as mouth pieces of the God fearing Christian« of Hobart ' Sunday afternoon concerts ure not objected to DISTRESS AT THE HUON- Accounts from the Huon district, and especially the parts about the timber mills, confirm the rumours that there ia a good deal of distress amongst those whom the stoppugo of the mills has thrown out of work. Six of the mills have already ceased operations, one being still employed at half time, but that will be closed down next week, when the ranks of the unemployed will be still further swelled in number. The mills have large stocks on hand, but there is absolutely no demand, Îither from local or outside sources. The Premier yesterday saw Mr. John Hay (No. 2), of Southport, and Mr. Gray, of Bruni Island, and gained a good deal of infor- mation with respect to the suffering, the ' general tenor of the news being that chose who are better off are helping those who are less favoured than themselves. Mr. Hay auggeated that there were two small con- tracts, which if tenders were at once culled for might do something towards helping things along ; a road extension to Lady's Bay, and another from Hastings to Crown land. The Premier said he would see the Minister of Lands in regard to pushing those matters on, with the understanding that work would thereby be found for the un employed ; and that he had also seen the General Manager of Railways (Mr. F. Back), who, though he had a year's stock of sleepers in hand, was prepared to order another lot of 10,000 if it would mend matters, the price being In. 2d. each. Mr. Hay, thinking this very low, the prevailing price havintj been 1s. 6d., the Premier said the men must understand that this was relief work intended to keep the wolf from the door, and that they must not expect to do so well as they had when things were more prosperous. The Premier hopes, in these ways, to stay the worst part of the tufftring amongst the people. Benefit Cokcekt.-Notwithstanding the faot that complimentary concerts have been pretty well tun to deuth in Hobart of late, there was a good attendance in the Temper- ance Hall last n'glit, when an entertainment was given for the beuefit of Mr. A. J. Dentith, who has for the past ,10 years occu- pied u position in the city as a teacher of music, particularly instrumental, and it must have been gratifying to him to find bis friends rallying round him, showing that his labours in the interests of music had been appreciated. The programme submitted was long and varied.1 It included songs, choruses, recitations, instrumental solos aud duets, uud dances. The efforts of the various performers were loudly applauded, und in some instances en- cores were demanded and complied with. Songs were given by Mrs. Hodgman, and Misa Mary Hook (the latter a little girl of 12 years' with an exceedingly good voice for her age), Mr. A. Whitworth, Mr. C. E. Grahame, Mr. Percy Hook, and .Mr. P. J. Knight ; violin solos by Professor Hughes and Mr. A. J Dentith ; flute solo by Mr. Uoorgc Smith ; piano and orgun duet by M r. F. H. Stevens ; piano duet by Messrs, M. Johnston and F. H. Stevens ; piuno solo by Mrs. Tapscll ; recitations by Mr. H. Douglas; and dunces by Millie Alice de Liesá (Mrs. Stacey). The Combined Choirs, under the conductorship of Mr. VV. Mac- kenzie, sang a couple of choruses, and the Hobart Brass Band, who paraded the streets prior to the concert, played an overture. Mr. F. H. Stevens acted as accompanist, and contributed greatly to the success of the entertaiameut Tue Aknold-Barnett Musical Matinee. -Yesterday nf.ernoon Mr. Hubert Arnold and Mr. Maughan Barnett gave unother of their cDJoyable musical expositions at the Temperance Hull. L".dy H amil ton was pre- sent. The attendance, though an average one, was wretchedly small in comparison with tho characti r ot tho performances, In response to a special lequear, the "Sonata in G major " (for violin and pianoforto), by Rubenetein, was repeated. This lengthy item necessitated the limitation of the pro- gramme to four numbers. But tho sonata is divided into four distinct movements, each totally unlike the other, and the time occu- pied in its rendering is not appreciated. The movement« are-"Moderato," "Moderato with variation»," " Scherzo," and "Finale." The individual and collective beauties of each-were most ably exposed. Mr. Arnold's violin playing might be said to be a necessary accompaniment to Mr. Burnett's pianoforte performance, and vice vena, for yesterday'« masterly rendering of the «inata. The audience were delighted, and fully testified their approval. In the quartette, " Andante in C major," by Schubert, Mr. Arnold wai assisted by Mr. J. Dillon (second violin), Mr. E. Mulcahy, M.H.A. (viol*). Mr. Iran thim-Fryer (cello). These gentlemen gave a fairly correct and harmonious rendering of a charming, dreamy composition fiom S.'hubert's fitst quartette. Two solo«, one for each instrument, were given. Mr. Bar- netts pianoforte performance consisted of a "Galop de concert," by Ruff, entailing un- wonted dexterity and accuracy, which were well nigh fau'tlesxly supplied hy the pianist. The soft, ethereal passages in Spohr's "Adagio" for tho violin, brilliantly ren- dered .by Mr. Arnold, formed a fitting conclusion to the Bixth recital. Bolts -About noon yesterday a hone, attached to a cart belongi'g to Mr. Adcock, butcher, of Bathuret-street, bolted from Burnett-street, down Ehziibetb-strçet, and afterwards turned into Brisbaue-strect, where it collided with a lamp-post. The lamp wa*, broken, but the horse and vehicle were uninjured. Itaiian Opera Companv-Mr James MacMahon, the well known theatrical manager, was a passenger from New Zealand yesterday by the s s Talune It is not im probable that Mr. MacMahon will mako arrangements for the appearance here at no distant date of the urtistcs of tho Royal Italian Opera Company, whose performance in the flnpe^jf grunl opera cone rts has been creating aueli ajutote throughout New Zealand The company includes the famous Mgnora Cuttica, who seems to bo conceded on all hands to be the greatest prima donna who has ever appeared m the Southe]n Hemisphere The possibility of a brief unison in Hobart «ill be contingent upou time admitting between the concusión of the New Zealand engagetneut and tho com snencement of that at Melbourne Informa lion on this point is dut by cable to morrow, whin it is to be hoped un announcement wilt be made A îstnit, Entlktaismfnt - Passing thruugli to Melbourne by the s s Talune, and tn j oure to India is Mr W Densem, a famous artist, together with his cempuuy, who go to the East, uuder somewhat excep tional and interesting circumstancoa Mr Densem, who has had a b llliant artistic caieer in Spain, not long since attracted the attention of Priuee Api uz Khan, in tho service of thc>ii7am of Hyilerabud,aud as this great and immensely wealthy oriental poteu tate is about to give a series of bnlliaut/íííes, after the fast of Ramuzan, Mr Densem and his company were made a very handsome offer to proLced forthwith to India there to give a scries of their entertain ments in connection with them The o nipan) are booked to proceed to Bombay by the P and 0 SB Victoria, sailing from Melbourne next week It is not in tended to give any performance in the colonies, time not udmittiug Mr MacMahon, however, who happened to be a passenger by the Talune, and who wa» much impressed by the performances vvhieh he wilnisscd in New Zealand, «here Mr Densem has had a brilliant tour, after much persuasion at a late hour last night induced that artist and his company to make a divergence from their route, und mete id of continuing ou by the Talune, to go via La un ces on on Friday, and to gue two pel formâmes in Hobart on to moirow and lliursday evenings Amuse meut lovers will no doubt hail this announce ment with much satisfaction, for there can bo no duubt whatever that from tho high encomiums evorywhere passed upon it, Mrs Densem s performance is of tho mest novel and attractive desci ption bull particulars will be found in our advertising columns It will be seen that thisotwo performances in Hobart will tako placo uuder exceptional and, perhap«, unique circumstances, and the management may be complimented upon the svuftuees oi their conception and expedition of their carrying out The necessarily buef announcement will prove no bar to their succets, as Hoba-t is alwavs quick to respond to a good uti ruc tion It is announced that the box plan will bo opened to da) at ¡Susniau'a Bbnuit to Miss Mav Malvino-The members of the Cur ew Club will tender a benefit to Miss May i)alvino at the Tem peranoe Hall on .riday next Wem.ev.ak S0Í.DAY Schools - Lady Hamilton will open the industrial exhibition in connection with these schools at the Mechanics Hall, Meh ille street, at J o clock this afternoon The exhibition will consist of home industries, works of art, plants, flowers, and domestic petr It haa been arranged to open the chow four nights Over 1,500 entries have been received, and visitors may rely upon having their atteu tion fully occupied Lach eveDiug there will be a competit on in reading, recitation, vocal ard instrumental music All Saints' Day_The festival of All Saints' will be observed to-day by the Anglican and Romau Catholic Churches. At All Saints' Church special dedicaliou ser- vices will commence, and extend over Sun- day. There will be an early celebration of the Holy Communion at 7.30 a.m.; morning prayer aud Litany at 11 ; evensong at 7.30 The early celebration will be choral, for which the Kyrie Elehon, Sanctus, Gloria in Excehis, etc., will bo tsken from Ernest Winchester's service in F. The evening service will also be fully choral, in- cluding Dr. Stainer'* anthem " What are these arrayed in white robes," and a Magnificat and iVitnc Dimitlis, composed by Mr. T. .lulim Haywood, who will preside at the organ. Special psalms are to be chanted, and hymns appointed for the sea- son will be sung during the services. The responses will bo intoned to Tallis' festival setting. In the evening Dean Dundas will preach, and tile Reva. S. Buck- nall and F. Copeland will officiate. Sunday-school Wokk.-Mr. Eugenr Stock, who is a lesc-u^uUoj authority on th-s subject, will give un address to Sunday school teachers, uhurchworkers and others in St. David's Schoolroom on Thursday evening at 7.30, when much valuable infor- mation will doubtless be imparted. COK'OEUT AT THE ExiIIJIITION-llUILDlNÜ. A vocal and instrumental concert will be given at the Exhibiiiou-building to-morrow evening in conjunction with a marionette eutertainmont by Mr. Fred. Beaumont, under the auspices of the City Band, A full round of engaging items has been provided, a number of well-known voonlists having notified their intention of appearing. The City Band will render a number of musical selections during tho evening. The charge for admission will he a nominal one. Women's Christian Temperance Union. -A reception by members of the Women's Christian Temperance Union will be held in the Temperance Hull this afternoon at 4 o'clock, to welcome the colonial presidont, Mrs. Soltau, of Launceston. "Tue Importance of Health."-Lady Hamilton will give her first lecture on " The importance of health " this evening at 8 o'clock, at St. George's schoolroom. Battery l'oint. The admission is free. Her ladyship's remark« will be illustrated by practical bandaging. Cycling -Tho genoral monthly meeting of the Hobart Cycling Club was held last ereniuu. Present :-Messrs. Albert Gaylor (chair), F. Hardinge, P. Gaylor, A. Camp 1*11, L H. Whale, II. Baily, R. Judd, W. Cox, H. A. Pike, W Koeek, S. Smith, G. Snook, J. Bylie.d, uud H. W. Quodling (secretary) On motiou of Mr. F. Hardinge, it was decided to hold church paradts every three mouth*, and at any other times upon which the members may decide. The mem- bers unanimously agreed to give the Ramblers their assistance in their sports to be held on 9th ¡net. Messrs. Fisher and Hagan were elected vice-presidents of the club, a vote of thanks being tendered to Mr. Fisher for his valuable donation to tho club funds. Messrs. H. E. Herne and J. Dennett were duly elected members of the club. Several accounts were passed for payment, aud after a general vote of timuka to the chairmau the meeting terminated. Opkicku CoLLi'.ai; Sports -Notification is given that entries for the old scholau' race in connection with the Olficer Collego sports will iloso ou the 4th ¡nat. River Excursions.-The s.s. Nubeena will mako an excursion to Brown's River to- morrow afternoon at half-past 2 o'clock. The samo vessel, chartered hythe City Baud, will proceed down the riror on a moonlight excursion on Friday eveniug at half-past 7 o'clock. Barnes Bay Excursion.-The s s.Cygnet, under oharter by Chalmers Literary Asso- ciation, will make a trip on November 9 to Barnes Bay. Oyster Cove Excursion.-The s.s. Glenelg will make an excursion to Oyster Cove and Peppermint Buy on the Prince of Wales' Birthday, leaving the wharf at 9 o'clock in the morning. Richmond Road Trust.-An extraordi- nary election of a trustee to act in the place of Mr. Benjamin Bone in the Richmond Road Trust will be held on the 12th inst. Nominations will be received by the Chair- man of the Trust up to 4 p.m. on the 5th ¡nst. Sorell Municipality. - A Court of Appeal in the municipality of Sorell will be held at the police officeB, Sorell, on Satur- day, the 12th mist. INüUSTKIAL EXHIIIITION AT BELLERIVE. In oonnectiou with St. Mark's Sunday school, Bellerive, an exhibition of home industries and work« of art will commence this evening at 6 o'clock in the Social Insti- tute. There will also be a sale of flower« and choice pot plants. The exhibition will open again to- morrow (Wednesday) after- noon, at 3.30. Sudden Death.-A ehocking'y sudden death took place at 293 Argle-st. early yes terday,when Mise A. M. Johnston, daughter of the late Mr. John Johnston, of Hobart Hi.use, expired almost immediately after arising fiom her bed. She was, to all ap peurauces, in her usual good health, u> d had attended church with sonic friends on the previous evening, to whom the news of her death came us a great shock. The equally sudden death of her brother some time ago, who filled the position of clerk to the T. P.A and Agency Auctioneering Co., was always a source of great sorrow to her, from which Bhe never completely shook off the despondent state into which «he had consequently fallen. A Piiikect Foud.-Tlio Jtodicsl Fro» aud the faculty pronounce Cadbury'« Cocoa absolutely pure and ol tbe nichent quality, tres from added starou or nu jar, and comforting, etrentsUuinintf .aud^nouriiulng for old and roiuif, rouutt and rteble. SorREMB Court.-Tho sittings of the Supremo Court beforo fourth term will be opened at Launceston on Tuesday next before Mr. JuBtico.,Adams. The following aro the civil cases ect down for hearing :_ Mackenzie v. Ooldsmid, breach of promise of marriage, damages £500 ; Clark and Croft for plaintiff, J. U. B, Walch for doffndant. Jones i». The Tasmanian Co-cperativo Timber Company Limited, ciaiin, £200, for breach of contract ; L. Moore for plaintiff, John Sykes for defendant. The cane of Phillips v. Levy, goodB so'd and delivered, claim £170 11s., has lejn withdrawn. The criminal cases, which will probably number 12, will be tried at the conclusion of tho civil business. City Police C trt.-His Worship the Acting Mayor (Alderman Hiddlestont), and Alderman Johnson occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday. El.'za Smith, who was drunk on Sunday in Bathurst-atreet, was Sued 10s Cd or 14 days in gaol, and Timothy Shea, drunk in Harrington-street on Saturday, was fin?d 5s or seven days' imprisonment. Testamentary.-The following probates have been issued :-John Masters to Emma Amelia Masters and James Alfred Windred, £746. Welsh M'Rao to tho Perpetual Trustees Executors and Agency Company of Tusmunia Limited, £148. Conjuoal Inkelicitv.- A man namod John Giitfiu was taken to the hospital last night Buffering from a cut cn tho hc¿d and a ! severely lacerated ear. John was trying to enforce an argument which his bettor half failed to see, und accordingly, to enforce her own views, elie hurled a china mug at her husband, inflicting the injuries referred to. 1 Unclaimed Telegram.-A message od drosacd Walter Taylor, sale of A. J. Taylor, Public Library, awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. Unhallant Tiikkat.-" A rcnernl female overhaul," si)s the Sydney Ecko, is not tho phraeo which one would expect from a gentlemun who holds tho distinction of a University degree in Lawr. But this is the phrase in which the chief officer of Customs in Victoria expresses his annoyance at the ounduct of women passengers to the colony and bil threat of reprisals. The eise is in stiuctive, though by no means novel, A well-dressed woman, it is mentioned, was suspected by the Customs officers ut Port Melbourne to be smuggling, end, an exami- nation having bien made, it was found that eho was endeavouring to smuggle, a largo quantity of lace into Victoria without the indispensable formalities of " declaring " the same and pajing ad valorem duty. When thus detected the guilty person urged that "all lady passengers did it." And, grieved at this revelation, Dr. Wollaston said that one of these days an " overhaul " would be ordered. It is to be hoped that the " lady passengers " will heed this warning. These of us who, quite without contraband lace or contraband goods of any kind, bave undergone a rigorous Customs " over- haul," may condole with the ladies who may have to submit to it. The masculine Gladstone bag or portmanteau is not apt to be a well-packed and beautifully ordered repository whoa the owner thereof exchanges it for the metal disc of the check-office. . But when it has emerged from the process of examination in the draughty shed that used to be occupied for Customs purpures at the Spencer-street station, it ia an ignomi- nious possession, and it pasBea the patience and the ingenuity of an average man to find anything he wants therein. Sometimes examination is a mere form In Adelaide it reaches a height of politeness and »kill not attempted in Mel- bourne. In the latter place it is apt to be a galling reality, and the legerdemain that can insinuate a collar-box into a coat-sleeve or scatter a lot of razors loose, will he far from appreciated when it is diverted to the multitudinous luggage of "lady passengers." The universality of smuggling among women is a testimony to their hearty sympathy with freetrude. Everywhere that the perverse inventions of men are displayed in the framing of protective tariffs, the predilec- tion of women for commercial freedom is excited. Henoe the repeated complaints of the United States Customs officers that American ladies will ignoro the admonition, even the mandate of Congress, and accom- pany the progress of their frequently triumphant democracy with Worth's dresses, French laces, jewels, and fabrics of artful design and vast expense, all of which has never paid a " dime " to Uncle Sam, and the ownerB know it and exult in the knowledge. The New Unionism Aten the Law oy Libel.-The new trades unionism (says au EugliMl journal) ¡o »cijr fo_d of ioouing manifestoes and circulars, aud is especially desirous of injuring manufacturers of whose conduct it does not approve, or of boycotting employers who prefer to engage free labour if they like. But in the publication of these documents tho law of libel is usually quite overlooked. This is whut lately occurred in reg'ird to a manifesto issued by a shadowy organisation calling itself "The Federation of Trades and Labour Unions connected with the shipping, carrying, and other * indus- tries,'" und addressed to the "Secretaries of Co-operative Societies " everywhere, charging Messrs. Pink with having persis- tently ooycotted some union men, and culling upon the working das ea everywhere not to buy their poods. This circular was emblazoned with the names of the president, vice- president, and trcusurer of the federa- tion, by only signed by "Clem. Edwards" as secretary. Messrs. Pink, however, how- ever, brought an action against all the parties to this document for libel, and promptly obtained an interim injunction against its further publication, on the broad ground that it wat; a gross libel, and was calculated to injure u mau in the course of his trade. As soon as th¡B occurred the piesideut, vice-president, and treasurer backed out, and declined all responsibility for a document which had their " entire disapproval." Still, the action went on, and it came before Mr. Justice Kekewiuh (Time«, July 21) for the purpose of having the injunction made per- petual, and to settle the delicate difficulty of costs. Of course the injunction was con- tinued, aud the defendant Edwards, aa secretary, was condemned in costa. The plaintiff i did not press for coals against tho other defendants, the president and trea- surer, who, on the other baud, asked that the p'auitiffs should pay thoir costs, because they had at once disc'aimed all connection with tho libellous circular. But the judge declined to do anything of the sort. He said the plaintiffs were justified in making the officers of this federation defuudaut in their action ; and, indeed, they could not have done otherwise, for the ' ' federation " was only a name, and not u corporation or company that could be sued. It was all very well for thtse ornamental nßicials to turn round afterwaids and say they knew nothing about and " entirely dis- approved " of the manifesto. But they did nothing to stop it or to disclaim it, and they allowed the secretary to go on using their names. This case, iudeed, should be a useful lesson to those new unionists, who will have to bear their own costs, and to employers generally ; for it shows both cIusbcs tllut the law courts are quite able and willing to deal with these mut tere. . The Bettino Craze.-Tho Pall Mall Gazette observes :-" The twin curses of our country are poverty and drink," suid tho presidí tit of tho Trades Union Congress in the course of his address. Ou the eve of " the last gieat classic race of the season," hu might have added a third-namely, gambling. We have no desire to see the T ades Union Congress turned into an Exeter Hull meetiug, but if it comes to a dis- cussion of working-class morals it will never again he possible to omit tiie extraordinary spread of the betting mania during the last 10 years. When the inner history of these times conies to be written, aud an attempt is made to apportion the degrees of misery which have been caused by the various curses of our days, we »re by no means sure that gambling will occupy the last p'ace. Working-class leaders have themselves contributed incalculably to the temperance movement, and it is about time that they were up and moving on the subj ct of the betting craze. The Parliamentary Committee of the Trades Congress could do no harm if it at least gave its views on the reform of the betting laws. The Latest Craze.-The threatened new oraze (rays London Truth) is the so- called "Serpentine Dance," which is now going the round of the music-halls, and will, no doubt, make its appearance before long in the legitimate drama A learned coric apoudeut writes as follows concerning the new dunce :-" Numerous young ladies and geutlemeu are claiming the honour of inventing or first introducing it. They forget ' that it.. is only a de- velopment of Pharaoh's favourite ' Bee Daui-e ' still to be met with on, the banks of the Nile. It was brought into pioiniuence about 35 years ago by Donato, the one-legged dancer at Covent Garden Theatre. The dence wants figure and peraunul beauty first, and arms rather than legs afterwurda. The exertion of working the 80 yards of China silk. i_to graceful folds ¡b »bout equal, to the muscular exercise involved in a performance with the Indian clubs, and the foot dancing is necessaril) coiifiued to a small spuoe, /or fear, of e'ntue'glement. The 'Serpentine Dance' would probably be classed as Spanish." A Babbel Oroan Festival, - It U generally considered that the barrel organ, is wanting in that capacity for expres- sion which bolong« to musical instrumenta played entirely by human mechanism. Thi*, howevcr, is not the opinion of the promotera of a gi and barrel organ competition which has just ta\\..n placo in the Ruo do la Chapelle, at tho northern extremity of Paris. Prizes woi o expressly offered to the performers who put tho greatest amount of " cNjircssiou " into their performances, and this waB not all, for there were also other competitions by which the professional «kill of the organ grinder was to bo tested. There was a ruce, for instance, fiom one end of the) Ruc de la Chapelle to tho other, and the palm was to bo git cn to iii'; instrumentalist who, while nevor ceasing to turn Iiíb handle, succeeded in producing «hat was considered hythe judges tobo tho most melodious iffcct. The wliolo wound up with a grand trial of endurance-not only, it is to bo pr for tho competitors, but for the iuhal of the neighbourhood-a prize being awarded to the min who continued grinding out bia tuues the longest. Som* few tine contri» vanees with trumpet« aud waltzing figure« were exhibited, but these practically did not compete, the real contejt being between the ordinary instruments carried by mea"« of a s'.rap lound the shoulders of the musician. An cyo-witrese describes '.ho sceno when the trial of endurance began. The dog» howled, the children sot up a yell of delight. Who wnB tho winner ot the contested p ¡z> doe* not, how ever, appear, for the ey i -witnes» after all was but mortal, and after cn luring tho pandemonium for a few minutes he fled. Singular Footiiall Match.-At the con clusiou of tho game between the H irborne and Handsworth football tennis at Ha borne, Englund, on September 10, Mr. H. B. Lowe al'owcd his dog, which is a beautiful black and-tun Australian to tier, to p'ay the victorious team for about a quarter of an hour. A« soon as the dog wsb brought on 'to the field he seemed anxiouB to get at the ball, and when all was ready, and fco wat let loose among tho team, in a few seconds ho got the ball (which was covtred hy a net) family between his teeth. Ho dodged the players with great agilitv, and when sur- rounded held tho ball tightly between hi» forc-foct, and, tiy as ihu p'ayers would to obtain possession, their efforts were in vain. Then, seeing au opportunity, he would dash off towards the goal potts with his two-legged opponents m hot pursuit» Passing, dribbling, and h ug kicking did not prevent him from getting the ball, and once the net was between his teeth it was futile to try by kicking or pulling to release the ball. After about a quarter of an hour'« " play," which cmeed the spectator« much amusement, the net on tho ball was torn, and rport was ubumlontd, " neither «ide having scored." Cricket Bats.-The highest-priced bat wa« made for presentation lo the late Duke of Clarence (says an English contem- porary). It was of walnut, mounted with silver and highly ornamented, and coat be-, tween 40gns. and SO^ns. The prices of the best plaving bats ringo from 21s. to 25s., but prices from 50 to 100 per cent, higher are frequently paid to profetsionals for such bats wit li which they have made good «core«. All fi'Bt quality English bats are made of the best willow wood to be found in this country, no other wood having the requisite lightness and toughness. The wood must be well-seasoned, and it is not uncommon for . large maker to purchase £2,000 worth of willow at one time, to be kept for a few yetti s before being used, so that it may be thoroughly well seasoned. A Parachutist.-M. Louis Capazza, who narrowly escapxd from a mob at the Welsh Harp, " which is 'Endon way," owing to the failure of a parachute desceut of hi«,* has git en to a London contemporary tbe follow- ing details of his career :-" I was boro in Bastia, in Corsica, in 1862 1 waa a traffic superintendent on tho railway. My first ascent was made in 1886, from the Esplanado des Invalides, in Pari«, I there exhibited a combination of balloon and parachute, in which the ballast waa carried by the parachute. In order that the balloon might ascend, it was notnecei sary to cast away the ballast. AU I did waa to give rope to the p¿ruchuto, which de- pended from the balloon car. As the para- chute fell the weight of the ballast caused tho apparatus to open, and, the pressure on the balloon being relieved, it ascended. When I desired to descend I hauled upon the cord attached to the parachute, which - thereupon closed, and, the weight of the ballast then again telling upon the balloon, I «auk towards earth. I made 24 ascent« in France and Corsica with this apparatus. On March 24, 1880, I sailed over the Mediter- ranean, fium Marseilles to Ajaccio, in a balloon. Another invention of minois the ballon lenticulaire. This is made of copper or aluminium Looked at from below it ia a disc, but the ahupe is really elliptical.. It ii filled with (¡as, which expindB or contract* automatically by atmoephcria pressure. Tnis, by means of a ceitain navigating con t ¡vaneo, secures an undulating movement similar to a bird's fl'ghf. It is by this laat I hope to found a new school of ballooning. It is for the devc'opimnt of this that I should like to have money " A Curious Economic Question. - An American novel contains the following pos- tage, part of tx rptech thai the hero makes at a working man's club :-" No matter how poor a man is, his wife and daughters are pooler; no matter how much of a de- pendent he is, the woman is more so, for she is the dependent of u dependent, the serf of a slave, the chattol of a chattel ; the sup- pliant not only for woik and wage, but the suppliant at the baud of sex power for equality with even the mau who is under the feet aud the tyranny of wealth. They share together that ty funny and poverty, but he tin lists upon her alone the added outrage of sex subjugation and legal disability." All this, says the critic, is perfectly true and u'goroimiy nut, but the author is uuanare, so fur as her book shows, how gt eu turo the ghosts she calls up, and Btill less, of couise, is she able to give the least hint of any way to lay them. On just one point we will tin ow out a suggestion. Even a woman with an art or a handicraft which would make her financially indepen- dent cannot employ thrm except at a great disadvautago if she bus also to min- ago the househtld of her busband. Therefore, it would he n cessary in a pro- perly ooustructnd mauiod life for the wife's work as housekeeper to be assessed at u coi tain sum, in order that this might be added to her actual cash earnings when the family accounts weiu made up, to show whether elie was cuntiihuting a sum which gave her a right to a (osition of perfect in dependouce." To many readers this sugges- tion will sound like a joke, und yet reflected on the economic side of the marriage prob- lem impels the question. At what rate, in families of dillcring ti/.es and duties, should the wife's services in oaring for the house- hold matters bo utsessoJ in reckoning up the sharo due from husband and wife respec- tively towards their common expenses ! The ¿NOEL'b Whisper.-The following capital story of Sum Lover is told for the first time by the author of "GosBipofthe Century ":-" Lover was a genius, and I believe it is not unusual for gcuiuses to be touchy ; but if hu was peppery, the provo- cation given, unless of a very aggravated nature, was, as a rule soon forgiven. I remember his telling me how, at a ball one night, in a crowded supper-room, happening to espy a frioud, he attempted to carry on a conversation with him, notwithstanding the din. The subjeot of tho weather, the tem- perature of the room, acd the character of the assembly having been exhausoed, Lorer asked bim if he had seen his new song.natning the title of it. ' Oh, yes, to be sure,' replied the other, thiuking he had caught tbe name; ' the " Angel Swiss Boy," anti a capital iOu¿i too, my dear fellow ; you never did any- thing butter. . . .' Lover wa* disgusted. .. He repeated the title in a louder tone, but wi'h no better effect, eliciting the reply. ' Yes, ye«, of course-" Tho Ancient Sister" -isn't that what I said ? Everybody'* talk- ing about it, aud no wonder--' ' " Ancient Sister " be-,' exclaimed Lover, thoroughly exasperated, ' " Ancient Sitter," indeed 1 aud, putting hil mouth close to his friend's esr, he shouted, < " Tbe Angel« Whisper " I' ' Eli I eh I' Mid the other, hurrying away to hide hi« coufmion, < that's more like a devil'« yelL' " Eucalyptus Ointmbnt propared from the , Green Leaves of the Tasmanian Blue Gum Is a Marvellous Healer of all Wounds, Sores, Skin Kruptlons, Burns, goulds, Sore Eye» or Lia«. Boil», Ulcers, Bites, or Stings. Being of a rieh emerald colour, aud having a fragrant odour of the -liluc Gum" leaf, our Ointment is easily distinguishable from that of our imitators. For Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, and all catiirrlial affections use our Platypus Braid of Eucalyptus Globulus Oil. For Diphtheria, Bore 'I'ld out, otc., inliule und spiny with Eucalyptus Extract. Tasmanian Eucnlj utus Oil Company, Hobart 3«l Apvic* io Morusas t-Aie ron broken In Tim test by « itok child suffering with the peta of cuitlaf teeth Oo at on» to a chuintât and «et a bottle «I Un. Winslow"« Soot/jiko Sraur. It will reUsr* tbo poor sufferer Immediately. It I« perfectly ham- lets and pleasant to taste, it produoet saturai aalet .leap by relieving the child (rom pain, and the Uni« ohorub awakes "as bright a> a hatton. ' It sooths» the child, it soften» the guuu, allara all pals, relieve» wind, regulates the bowels, and ii the beat know« remedy for dysentery tod diarrhoea, whether aria!*« from teelhlag or other cann, Mm winslow« BooUi tug B>rui> la sold by medi:luo) Is Md par battle sitmovi aosTaiLMN AsTiriu Coa* I« aow a* Tdisanr knowa'throughout the AnstraJian Moak» to bean infallible remedy In the moat ohroale oasts,, ; of Asthma w Bronchitis. By Its»»» no OM BM* .»fee or kee «serena«. Bola hy lUOktmam, tut««« « Um t*»Atm**m.»»»»»??-» 