THE CULT OF THE GHOSTLY (iieview of KKvnnvs ) The unanimous verdict of all those who have read “ More Ghost Stories ' ’ is that it represents au immense advance upon “Heal Ghost Stories.” “ More Gho-t Stories ” has had the extraordinary good fortune to please the most diverse classes of readers. A Catho lic priest came down to the oflice the other day to.say that lie had read every word of our New Year’s. number, and was im mensely delighted to find that, studying the subject from an entirely independent stand point, I had arrived at exactly the same conclusions aa the Catholic Chinch. “ It you had studied for tho priesthood you could not have Stated more precisely the views of On the other hand, Ute Theosophists, whose faith is declared in tho Month to be of a devil, are equally pleased with the conclu sions at which I have arrived, although Mrs. Be»ant somewhat regrets a passage in the “ Plea for the Tar Barrel.” Still more strange tv eav, the Spiritualists, judging from their interesting weekly organ Light, ooncur almost entirely with the warnings that I have thought it necessary to ntter as to the danger of reckless and indis criminate experimentalising. The comments of the Press have been almost without ex - ceptiou complimentary, it being the declared opinion of our critics that, for thrilling interest and snggestivcneee, “ More Ghost Stories,” is unrivalled. The interest which the subject has excited may he said literally to extend all over the earth. l’rom the uttermost parts of the world, -I-, receive letters from correspondents who.have hnd more or Ibbs mysterious experiences which they desire to elucidate by tho aid of the latest researchers in occnlt things. X have also had some ourious experiences of my own which demand further investigation. If the conclusions to whtbh tho phenomena pointare substantiated, we are in a fair wav of establishing, on an incontrovertible basis, as a scientific and ascertained fact, the existence of intelligences other than those which are encased in the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyance and of the reality of the Double accumulates, and I have already in hand I he compilation : of yet a third ghostly publication to he issued at midsummer, under the title of “ Ghosts up to Date.” To many, ghosts at midsummer will no doubt seem au anachronism, but that is s mply because the ordinary person’s ideas of a ghost ure conventional and false. Ghosts, if they exist Ht aii, arc just as rife at midsummer as at midwiuter, and as we shall have rnoie time to prepare “ GhoBts up to Dato” than we had either for “Real Ghost Stories” or “ More Ghost Stories,” I hope that we shall be abie, in our third publication, to satisfy even the most incredulons that we have not been for the last few months on a wild goose chsBc after chimeras. It is no use putting your hand to snob a thing ns this and then drawing back. We have got to put tho thing through, and I renew my invitation to all those persons who have had experiences of the Double, or of elairvoyanoe, or of ghosts, properly so called, to communicate with me. I have now two invitations to spend a holiday in haunted honees, but what with the County Council election, and th s im minent approach of the Goneral election, I am afraid the ghosts will have to wait a hit. Others who have more leisure will, I hope, furnish me with tho information which is necessary. "What is wanted is to have evidenoe that: will satisfy, say, Mr. Ray | Eankester and Mr. Maakelyno as to the roality-of the. phenomena in question., ■ 