m s l l M i M R . AN ACTOR'S HOUSE THE, COLONEL'S STORY. •" | I had a fine;comjjany on the road at ' the time, and%bo T plny which gained ns the best houses through the provinces was a serio-comic piece with a number of blood-curdliug situations. The-jhorse 5which-the jplay required in certain scenes, and which we had taken with us, suddenly died, aild: I have forgotten just why, but I know we had a great deal of difficulty in getting- another: animal which would be even in the least suitable. Finally, after no end of vexation and-ttelay, a substitute was procured by our leading man, who hiui self rode the horse on the stage. I think I never saw. a more ugly looking- quadruped. : . . . ••_..!. In color ltwassome grimy nondescript between a cream and n,.i;oan....,, Naturally rather .undersized, it bad been starved until it was v scarcely, more than a skeleton,, and 111 spots the NvelLsXroiiv bare,- scarred :i_n UTiKpiii-in^ flesh showed Inji. • the- AVit.li 1 i'-i its pvomiiveni joints and dejected aspect, it looked more like the caricature of a horse than like a living animal. " By the great Bucephalus! Where in the name of Rosinante did you get tliajt walking spectre, Lanuce ? " I exclaimed. The young actor's name was Launce Richmond. He was a handsome fellow, with a sinewy and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny hair, and blue eyes, ahd a skin as delicately pink and white as a woman's ; and, besides his physical attractions, he was as fine a fellow as ever walked —on the stage or ofl it. My amusement seemed to mortify him ; but he was not the sort of young man to yield a point because of a moment's embarrassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at him. " All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming, and a little kindness," iny young friend answered me. "He's as sound as a dollar ; the shape of his head indicates intelligence, and those quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether." "Well, if you can train hira for the required purpose I shan't grumble; but I don't imagine you will ever make a beauty of your prize scarecrow." Launce had correctly .judged his new possession. In a mouth no one would have recognised the beast. His glossy coat in color was a lovely dappled cream, faintly patched with mahogany bay. His limbs were smooth and supple. His intelligence was wouderf .'. ; he was perfectly docile, and as playful as a kitten. With the gentleness and teachable qualities he manifested toward his new master an affection almost human. fully trained aid'everytlaiiigfwa&'Vu® niugsmoothly, one of our ladies secretly " folded up her tent and stole away," leaving us without notice or explanation. She was one of the principal characters m the piece, the rival of the heroine in the play; we had no one .capable of acting her part, and we were in a bad predicament, as may be supposed. We r liad not discovered her absence until we had assembled at the theatre for the evening performance. And then somebody brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and all. White I was storming over the ill- • luck, and anathematising the runaway actress for her want of ordinary consideration, a tall woman, closely veiled, was ushered upon the stage wher/3,1 was raging- up and down like a madman. ''well,"madam ?' I said shortly. • Before she spoke the new comer darted a quick, furtive oiance m every direction, and then removed her veil. The features disclosed were large andija.'tr^e coarse, butnot altogether unprepossessing. Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair, which was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. There was something singular abouther \- voice. :,I noticed it at once, although I was too disturbed to ponder over the matter, and it failed ti arouse my-suspicions as it rprobably wouldjiave done at another tiine. She stated" her errand m a few words. She was an actress, she assured me, and a member of a company which had disbanded m a . "neighbouring town. She had been informedvof. '<my difficulty, and she had come to offer hers&lf; for the-part: As she'had playsd init1ie:same-d:-imai.be£ore,: shej was perfectly : familiar with .t he lines struck an attitude and quoted TEi-onT^a" thr-illing dialogne'in the ^hirdsaet; -ws A crowd was all eady collecting out side the threatie-waiting foi the door to open, and it can be imagined with what lelief I accepted the sei vices of thg strange access I had stepped to the back ofthestage with her, and had called somebody-to conduct hei to hei piedecessor's dressing IOOIH, when J heaid a gasp and the sound of a falling body At the, same Tmstant I caught smile upon the strange nomarfs face which almost ma HP a e -jump It was the most staitjing expression of diabolical cunning and -fiendish timmph I-evei saw in my life A.s she disappeared m the direction, of the diessmgToom, I leturned to the stage, -anxious to leai n the mean ing of the sound J heafcl Bienda Evelyn, my stai, a most beautiful and'adorable gill, was lying Tier when Launc^Richmbncl suddenly, sprang f^gmsthe ^vings andflifted her' -in his alms' 1 " ' 'My dffllmg^what tJWh-it i:6jaEdSm| /Launce, :we never ought to have loved each other."" If anything -harms you, l now. I shall die!" she sobbed dis-^ tractedly.- •'•! '-.-;. $ <1 " What has frightened. youi^^e^tt Yon were happy as a bud a raomeutx it She did >not reply. She only- 'clung, to .;hin>, ...shuddering,, murmuring in- •cohCTehfi^'&d;^ejiihg^^We piteiiusly than before. " It wasn't that woman who was here, withfMeredith .just now who has made -you like this ? " Launce queried suddenly. . "' , ' * „ , The girl put her hands before her 'j^esjjas if to shut 'ont some--j&w;^Sl sight: " That was no woman? It was a ghost! and itjneaus death to you or "i£&;fo4»gJiV' i -she'"sai4j "fearful whisper Tne appearance of a couple of scene shifters-interrupted-the;u^ •conference. - . • • . And, still soothing' her, Laiincci led Jier away ; Tlie. incident' had 7$>erplexed-*roe "jj'reatlyy.aiVd-was ••-sci-aovis^;.- ulieasv-;. -Xv .was r vmpi-essed}' vaguely-- and powerfully, wftb a.sense of .tragedy,.,in I could not get the fiendish smile of that strange, woman out of* my thoughts for an instant. What did it signify ? What had she ever been to Breuda Evelyn, that the lovely young actress should fear her so intensely ? These questions fairly haunted me. But the play of the evening progressed quietly enough. I noticed, however, that Brenda Evelyn did not regain her natural repose of manner, and that she was straining every nerve to maintain even a se.tiblauce of composure. I noticed too, that La,unce never ceased watching her witli a perplexity and distress which he did not attempt to conceal. Meanwhile the new actress rendered her part with admirable ability and effect. Indeed, she invested the character, which was that of an unloved and erring "wife, with a passion which was almost fiercely realistic. And occasionally I detected her steel y blue eyes fixed upon ihe lovers, with that same expression of sneering triumph and devilish glee. But everthing passed pleasantly until nearly the end of the play. In that act the lover discovers his sweetheart bound to a rock, with the rising tide sweeping over her. As he gallops to her assistance he is confronted by the wife he believes dead. The wife risks her life to prevent the rescue of the drowning girl, and perishes by being borne over the near cataract. It was a scene which always held the house in a thrilled and breathless hush. Now, as Launce, mounted on Sultan—as he called his new horse—was about to plunge into the mimic wave, a startled murmur ran from lip to lip. The substitute actress had darted into view, leaping upon a projectingrock to prevent the rescue, as the play demanded at that juncture. . ' they Wryli&ly;''thought peculiar movement was part of the ylay. It was Sultan's extraordinary behaviour which had startled the audience. As I looked, I saw in one uplifted baud a long, thin blade, aimed straight for Launce s heart, the handle concealed in the woman's sleeve'. Shouting a warning, I started toward him ; and it was then the shocked cry arose from the house. Sultan backed violently, tlirowiug the actress from the rock, and fas tenmg his teeth in lier thick reddish .brown h-ur, The next instant he held in his jaws a wig. the removal of which un covered the unmistakable head of'a man! With a snort of anger lie dro the artistic head gear, seizing the disguised-performer by the clothing be tween the shoulders, shaking the man as a terrier shakes a rat, while the concealed knife fell ringing to the floor. Launce -had no control whatever over the hitherto obedient animal. As he sprang from the saddle,' Sultan, shrewdly edged away beyond his reach. Then in a-flash, the horse whirled and -walked deliberately over to Brenda Eveiyn, who stood as if turned to stone. . With a .snort of satisfaction and- a final energetic shake, he dropped his half senseless victim at the girl's-feet- * "Ehen-he turned and ;trotted across the ;stage to. his master, whinnying softly, and thrusting his nose into Launce's hands, as if begging for his reward. \- It was- all over m a second before any person could interfere. The sympathies of. the house wereall with the peifoimei, who had been f so fiercely attacked Tjy ! the horse ^aS^feS^e^atorsvloeyOTcC ligent cieatuie had averted n awful; tragedy and saved Launce Richmond's life JBut the people on the stage knewlt, and wheu the curtain was neees • sauly lung dovin foi a few |mmutes, thei e was r i scene LeLmd' the canvas irL^hich the,public had no share The disguised villain was jiettvJ badly hint, but Ins miuiies were" J not : severe enough to weaken his murder ous jealousy of Bienda Evelyn's: lovei -ff ~ "I'm sofry I didp t Jull yon ' I dl have done it onlj foi that cuised brute, and Til do it yet if e-\ ei I get ovei this 1 "lie snailed, as Launce -ap pioached him ^ : Heswasfa suitoi -whom Brenda !had 'jjejeeted'feloagt^beforo U-e- had threatened hei "until "he lived in moi tal teiroi of him % tvas Jicr ieai of? |him~that 1 -+1-,^ liadtcaused I n^iVQ i O lit f hereto I orM-n delay /lolnr hei. lie ' 5mauiage:^thJaUnte so long^ She had jiCO£rm-ed him tin ouch his "Sisguise Jiefoce '£the ^peifoimaiice iwhen ^^hifiL^\esCTtedlmse1f|to] ^gTtafion aftgfards She-.md-Launce-wei'einarrjednot ong after that Th c mad wretch who 'had attempted-. Launce's life did not survive until that;ffissf®4$enij - " ; : | . , He -was droivned shortly after; his release:fi-om tl)e hospital, whither he was sent to; recover tfcom-. the. effects -of'Sult&n;s ^.io.qrpus shaking. ! .jSiQi^/'^m^^&H;^ : of: the company'until.'his- -mistress left, the stage ;for^a ihappyJiomelife in a delightfullittJe bonse ofhei-.ow.n. I: see him- oGcasio.nklly' trottingsedately before a poiiy cart, which is just large enough to hold a couple of youngsters with -Brcnda's lovely black eyes and Launce^ itawny^fluils; 