CONSTANCE. BY F. C. PHILIPS. 'Author of "The Dean and hia Daughter,' " Afl in a Looking Glass," etc., otc. CHAPTER XXII. — (Continued). With fast heating pulses and a nervous feeling upon her, which she felt wholly un able to overcome, she rose to, greet him. She had no need to disquiet herself. Lord Hardstock had never been so agrccfible. He touched lightly on the ordinary subjects of the. day, asked after his little friend Eva, and said that when ArLliur came home he must be allowed to take him out occasion ally, and then in a quiet casual way, re marked : — " Awfully sorry you felt obliged to part with Judith, Mrs. Arinilage." Constance drew a long breath of relief. " My expenses are too heavy to allow of my keeping a horse," she said. "You are the boat, judgeof that of course. I can only regret that you were compelled to do so. Struggling with herself, Constance tried to say something gracious. She folt that in common decency she must not let him think that she was wholly without gratitude. "I was very fond of Judith," she said. "In the lirst place 1 had had her so long. Then, too, there was the fear of giving you paiu, as it was only through your great kind ness that I got her back." It was not quite what she intended to say. " Oil, Constance, surely you know," began his lordship in a tone t here was no mistak ing, but at that moment, to her mother's in- tenso relief, Eva's bright# little face appeared at the door. "Aren't you ever coming, mamma? We've been ready for ever so long. Then catching sight of the visitor — 14 Ob, come too, Lord Hardstock, we are all going shopping. I am to have a now hat." "No, I don't fancy that the expedition would furnish lunch amusement to anyone but yourself, dear." Eva clung to her mother's hand, evidently determined not to lose sight of her again. "Which way are you going? If towards Oxford-street, perhaps i might be allowed to accompany you." " We are going to take an omnibus which will put us down at Piccadilly Circus, and shall walk up Regent-street. If you do not despise that method of conveyance, by all means come too." Whereupon Mrs. Armitagc went away to nit 011 her bonnet, and a minute or two atcr Miss Baillio came into the drawing- room. "lam sent to entertain vou," she said, bitterly. " What a farce it all is. I am, oh, so weary of this life, Rupert." It suited Ills purpose to be very gentle with her. Emily was infinitely more amenable to reason than when he resorted to a bullying tone, aud Eva having rushed to the further end of the room, intent on investigating the contents of her mother's work-basket, be stooped and kissed the red lips. "Some day !" ho whispered. "The lane of ' some time' runs into the road of 4 never,'" said she. "I am losing heart and faith and hone altogether." " And— -love — as well, Emily ?" How much of tenderness and reproach lie could throw into his eyes when he chose; Emily trembled aud looked down. " Why have you not been to see me all this week my little darling? I waited for yon on Tuesday, and again on Friday until late." It was not true, and perhaps she was not altogether beguiled into believing what be said. She wished she could believe in him. For with all her heart she loved him, aud yearned for his allection in return. " It is not always easy to get away. Mrs. Armitage had a headache, and 1 did not know whether you would expect me on Friday. When shall I come ?'' " When you will. You are always wel come. Vou do not need that 1 should tell you that." Rut he did not soeeifv any par ticular evening, and afterwards Emily re membered it. Eva walked slowly and thoughtfully up l o them, liftimr her bur blue eves and surveying their faces with a puzzled expression on her own. " Who do you love best," she asked, " Miss Baillie or mv mamma ?" Lord Hardstock laughed. 44 Do you always love best thu lady you are talking to : persisted the child. 44 My dear Eva. what a (luesnon. Why do you ask such silly Liangs : " " Because you look like this — "putting on a most exaggerated expression of anxiety and tenderness — "when you talk to mamma, aud like this" — distorting her chubby features into a sentimental look thai so enraged Miss Jjaiilie that sue caught the child by the hand and forcibly put her into a chair. 44 Not another word," she said, sternly. "Sit still. If you speak again we shall go out without you." Put after that tlmy could only talk on the most ordinary topics until Airs. Armitage came down equipped for her walk. CHAPTER XX lif. It never once occurred to Lord Hardstock that he was acting in a dastardly way to wards Miss Rail lie. indeed, ho would nave beeu sorely allVonled had anyone presumed to suggest as much to him. It was purely a game of give and take, looking at it from his point of view. Emily had permitted his ad vances, and had not only responded to, but sought them, had deliberately hud herself out to entrap him; and if the fish objected to swallow the bait, why, the angler only had herself to thank for it. The reader will not have followed Lord Hardstock so far without having gauged his moral depth, ami realise that las standpoint of female excellence was a very low one, and yet there was something about Constance Armitage that appealed to the better, nobler man within him, and which, had she recipro cated his attachment, might have gone far towards redeeming him. Rut when a woman is wearied of a man it is but a short step to hatred and disgust, ami long ago, iu the old days at Greystonc, his Srescnce was irksome to her — irksome and istastcful. She asked herself sometimes why the feeling was so strong within her, for be had liis good points, lie was more at tractive than nine out of every ten of t lie men she had met in society, lie was clever, and he was undeniably good-looking. " Rut," Constance used to say, "J. don't trust him; he is not sincere." At all events he was sincere enough in his love for her, but even that failed to work in Ilia favor, since Constance would have none of his love. With a little shock she realised that lie had come very near a declaration that last afternoon, and, at all hazards, he must have no such opportunity given to him ftgain. 44 He must know that I could give him but one answer," she thought to herself..' But somehow the male creature can be very obtuse on such points ; and, having made up his mind to a certain course of action, liis lordship felt that, it only required a judicious expenditure of lime ami patience to attain liis ends, lie had displayed a good deal of tact ami diplomacy during the last six months, and lie i'ult he ought to have his reward. Arthur came home for his holidays in August, and by being kind to the lad Lord Hardstock strove to ingratiate himself with his mother; but, beyond expressing her thanks for the trouble he took, t'onstance did not appear in any way impressed, and the boy himself, oddly enough, despite his lordship's gifts and the many sights lie look him to see, was not in the least attached to hiin. He had inherited his mother's keen insight into motive, ami considerably Startled her one day by asking point blank : "Why does Lord Hardstock take me about so much, mamma? I am sure be is frightfully bored the whole lime, and docs not eujoy it a bit. Have you asked hiui to?" 44 No, my boy, I suppose it is because he U1VCO jilt IUq III j umr peUJ/lC. Arthur laughed sceptically. " I doubt it ; J am certain he has no parti cular liking for me personally, for I over heard him saying to a friend of his that it Waii a confounded nuisance having to trot a young cub about, ami tin; oilier man said something about him --Lord Hardstock — having turned 4 bear-leader."' Constance- colored painfully. 44 You shall not go out with lain again," she said quickly. Boy-like Arthur had fallen in love with his sister's governess. Emily's beauty had made a tremendous impression upon him, and he became her most devoted slave, and Emily, who despised no oJI'ering, however humble, at beauty's shrine, amused herself with him. . He was bright and clever, but being older than Eva he had more tact, and retrained from the outspoken remarks and ill-timed frankness that made her a ehild to be feared and avoided, lie was now nine years old, and precocious for his years. 44 Miss Baillie," be said one day, as be rested his curly head against her shuulder, 44 you're not very kind to Dr. Dale. 1 wish you would be. 1 lit is so nice." Two days after Arthur left school he had managed to sprain his thumb, and Mrs. ArmiLage sent him round to the surgery, whereupon lie then and there struck up a friendship with the doctor, and had been invited once or twice to tea. 14 1 hope I am always polite to everybody," returned Miss baillie demurely. " But lit; lias asked you t o i;o wit h me next Wednesday, and vou won't, go." 44 No, dear. 1 would rather not," 44 You'll change your mind ladies always do — it's their provocation, 1 heard Mama eay bo." Don't you think you mean 4 prerogative'?" ; alyly. i "Qli, well, yes, perhaps you aro right. I can't know everything right away, anyhow. Miss Baillie," he added, coaxingly, " do come on Wednesday. It's uo end jolly. We play dominoes, Miss Janet and I, and whoever wins gets a box of chocolates." 44 Very exciting, 1 must say." 44 Yes, isn't it? Then you will come." The lad jumped up with alacrity. 44 I'll go right round aud tell the doctor. He'll bo so glad." 44 You will do no such thing, Arthur ; sit down." Miss Baillio pushed him back on bis chair. 44 Now tell me exactly, word for word, what the doctor said to you. Did ho bid you ask mo ?" 44 No — not that. What he said was — let me see— 4 It is too bad Miss Baillie won't join us. You must try what you can do to per suade her, my boy.' That was all." 44 Ami what did Miss Janet say ?" "Oh, she wasn't there." 44 Humph! Well, when she sends mc a proper invitation I'll think aboulit." At that moment the door opened to admit Mrs. Armitagc and Eva, who was in & stato of wild excitement. 44 Oh, Miss Baillie," she cried, 44 v.-c have just met the doctor, and I'm to go as well as Arthur on Wednesday." "The doctor made such a point of it I could hardly refuse," said Constance. 44 You will not mind going with them, Miss Baillie?" 44 .1 am invited, then ?" 44 Well — really — I — 1 — " 44 Oh, I see. J am to accornpauy them as their governess?" . There was so much hurt pride in Emily's tone that Constance biL her lip and was at a loss what to say. This ultra-sensitiveness Miss Baillie chose to parade of late was awkward to deal with. 4<I have no doubt you will receive a written invitation," she said at last. And sho proved correct. That very evening brought a note from Janet Dale, which, if not very warm, was at ail events courteous enough. Her brother and herself would be delighted if Miss Baillie would give them the rdcastiro of her company on the following Weuucsduy. A grim smile crossed Emily's face. 44 1 expect poor Janet had a j/iiu/rai quart d'heum before she was driven into writing this," thought she. At all events it promised a change of scene and surroundings, and she gladdened Arthur's heart by showing him a letter of acceptance. And when the evening came she dressed herself wjth more care and taste than she usually displayed, although it was only a blade lace dress she wore, with a spray of scarlet geranium iu her bodice. Eva, all in white, with anew blue sash and kid shoes to match, was dauciug about lirst on one leg and then on the other, for full half an hour before it was time to start. Arthur, with quite an air, oiiercd his arm as soon as the hall door shut, and to compro mise matters Miss Baillie put her hand on his shoulder, and so the little cavalcade arrived at the doctor's door. It was really a very pleasant evening. Miss Dale was either too well- bread, or she stood too much in awe of her brother, to allow her real feelings to rise to the surface, and if a trifle glacial, was evidently desirous of giving no cause of offence. V ivian Dale was not yet cured of his fancy for the governess. His hand trembled when it touched that of Emily, and hia cyo rested on her hungrily. Not until just before they were taking leave did she find herself alone with him. Janet had taken Eva up stairs to tie her hat on, and Arthur was look ing over a book of engravings. A spirit of coquetry seized Emily. 44 Do you never think of mo now?" she asked, lifting her bright eyes to his. 44 You know I do. Oh ! in that way you mean? Never again. I do not dare to risk it." .She laughed merrily, a silvery trill like a child's laugh. 44 Nonsense. I do not believe you have any influence over mo now — it has worn olf by this time— take my hand in yours — I feci nothing." Her lingers closed round bis as she spoiie, utlecting him mag netically. 44 In some cases I believe the power is entirely apart from contact," ho said, striving hard for composure. 44 Oh 1" She drew her red lips together with an arch expression. If propinquity has much to answer for, contact; has more, for it has slain its tens of thousand. 1 do nut believe in any mesmeric inlUienoe without it. She grew agitated, a thrill ran through her. against her will she lifted her eyes, impelled by a power stronger than herself. .Slowly the doctor's lips formed the one word— Emily. In another second she would have been in his arms, unable to struggle against his mastery over her, but with a swift move ment heturned away aud walked deliberately out of the room. " Why, you arc crying, Miss Baillie?" Arthur was at her side in dismay. She put up her hands to her face, for the tears were running down her cheeks. 44Ia it toothache?" he asked, and iu a second had iiown lo the door. 44 Doctor," he cried, but the doctor put him aside. 44 Drink this," he said Lo Emily, holding a glass to her Hps. It was sabvulatile, and in a few minutes she was herself again ; and when Eva and Miss Dale came back to them she seemed much as usual. Bill at parting sho over looked the doctor's outstretched hand, and. with a bend of her head, passed him. And when she found herself in the street she drew a long breath — something between a gasp and a sob. 44 1 will not see him again," she told herself angrily. 44 It is horrible that he should influ ence me in this way." But despite herself her thoughts centred themselves upon him, and when she fell asleep that night she dreamed a strange dream. Sho was bound band and foot, at the mercy of a monster half-beast, half- btiinan — with the body of a lion and the fea tures of the man she loved — Lord Hard- stock. Feeling that her last moment was at hand, she sent forth a pitiful cry for help, aud on the instant Vivian Dale appeared sword in hand, and with one quick stroke laid the monster dead at her feel. 44 Vou are mine — mine !" he whispered tenderly as ho severed the cords about her wrists — aud she wolto, hot and panting, and for long hours tossed ami turned, too restless and disquieted for sleep. Early in September Mrs. Struugwuys had a serious illness. The drains were all wrong in (Jlarges- streut, and Rebecca was among the lirst to stiller. For more than a week she was in great danger, and it was another fortnight before she was permitted to leave the house, and then she went straight to Kensington lobe nursed by her sister. Dyne had been devotion itself. Night aud day she was by her mistress',' side, and few would luive suspected her of the depth of feeling she displayed. But 44 still waters run deep," aud under a rough exterior the old woman carried a grateful heart. Mrs. Strangways had been a kind mistress to her, and she herself was one of the good old class so fast dying out nowadays, she respected and looked up to those in a higher position, and would freely have laid down her life for her mistress. But when Mrs. .Strangways began to mend poor Dyne broke down. The long hours and want of exercise and fresh air had told upon her. Nature asserted herself and she took to her bed. 44 The minute she can be moved she shall come to us," cried Constance, who fully ap preciated the old creature's devotion. And when Rebecca was just able to crawl downstairs and, looking very wan and the ghost of her old energetic self, lie for an hour or two on the sofa in the drawiiigroom, Dyne made her appearance among them, more of a shadow even than her mistress, her thin hatchety face pinched and white uml her eyes set darkly in their sockets. 44 You are to go straight to your own room and stop there, Dyne," said Mrs. Armitage, kindly. think of it. I've coinu iioru to nurse my mistress." 44 No such thing. Your share of the nurs ing is over. Everything is prepared fur you, ;tnd for a whole week, ami longer, if neces sary, you are to be waited upon and not stir a linger. Do you hear nie, Dyne ? I can be very severe when 1 like." 44 Oh, ma'am, begging your pardon, that's what I'm sure you never couldn't be. And such kindness as this i never see in all my bi.vn days." I Dyne was on the verge of tears. Rut though the spirit was willing the llosh was too weak for her to resist, and she was glad enough to creep away by-and-by and lay her aching bones iu the comfortable bed provided for her. 14 J never heard such a fuss about a servant," sneered Emily, who detested Dyno every wiiit as much as the old woman disliked her, ami she forcibly prevented Eva from running into the old servant's room, us she would have lilted to do. Dyne had a marvellous store of fairy tales for t he little folk, ami sho and Eva were bullous friends. 44 Dyno, you're not pretty to look at," she confided one day, with her usual happy straightforwardness; 44 but you have u beautiful mind." (To be continued.) 