OUR LONDON LETTER. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 7tii October. Homo politics are completely dead. Lord Houghton has arrived at Dublin, and, although there were no official demonstrations of wolcomc, his reception was cordial and respectful. Tha castle is working hard at tho preliminaries for tho royal commission about the evicted tenants : Mr. Davitt and Mr. Wtn. O'Brien are orating, tho latter warning English landlords that the war would bo carried into their country if they help their Irish brethren; and evictions for non-payment of rent and nrrears arc being steadily proceeded with. One authority stales that 30,000 persons will be evicted during tho present autumn and the forthcoming winter. In London a mild excitement has been worked up about Uganda. Tho Imporinl British East Africa Company decided to evacuate that coun try on the 31st December unless they obtained some pecuniary assistance from tho British Government. The Church Missionary Society urged strongly that such assistance should bo given, and after a Cabinet council had been held to consider the question Lord Itosebcry announced that the Government would continue the present money contribution for three months longer, after which the Foreign Oflico would be free to take any courso it might think necessary. The company has accepted these terms, and steps have been taken to inform Capt. .Williams, who is now in command at 'Uganda, of tho delay in tbe evacuation. So far so good. But what is to be the future of tho country ? Is it to bo allowed to relapse into barbarism, in which case the natives who trusted tbe English would in all probability be massacred by the adherents of the so-eallod Roman Catholic party ; oris it to be administered dircot by the British Crown without the intervention and intermcdiacy of a chartered company ? Mr. M'ICenzic, whoso share in founding the Enst Africa Company entitlos him to speak with authority, and Mr. H. M. Stanley are loud in their protests against total abandonment. They both assert that the civil war, now dormant, would break out with ro- newed rancor ; that the Pagan party and the Moslems would insist on having a share in the Government, and that the country would bo in vaded by tho powerful King of Uryoro. Much is now mado of the resources of Uganda, which is said to have a delightful climate and fertile soil, which would grow anything with proper cultivation. Cotton, coffee and tobacco are said to bo indigenous, and the only drawback is the tsetsee, a poisonous fly. Altogether so much influence is being brought to bear in favor of continued occupation, not by the company, but by theGovornment itself, that I should not bo surprised if, against their own better judgment, Mr. Gladstone and his col leagues were not compelled to occupy Uganda. Tho London County Council has decided to purcliRse nearly 20 miles of tramway iron — the property of the North Metropolitan 1 Tramway Company, whioh is paying its shareholders 8£ per cent. Some montliB ago the council resolved to avail itself of its powers of purchasing a smaller line belonging to thesamo company, and the amount to be paid and the principal upon which the valuation has to bo made are not yet dcoided upon by Sir Frederick Bramwell, who was appointed arbitrator. Mr. Boiilnois, ono of tho councillors, proposed that nothing more should be done until the arbitrator had given his decision, but the suggestion mot with little or no support, and tho oiiginal proposal was carried by more than tho necossary two-thirds majority. Under the present act the council has no power to work the tramways oven when it has acquired them. But the progressive party are anxious to obtain enlarged rights ; they urge that since tho inhabitants of Glasgow ond Huddersfiold find it profitable to work their own tramways there is no reason why the people of London should not be equally fortunate. The outlook for the working classes during the forthcoming winter is deoidedly gloomy. The cotton spinners of Lancashire are on tho eve of a lock out unless the men agree to a diminution in their wages of 5 per cent. Tho shipbuilders in the "Wear ship yards have agreed to reductions equivalent to 5 per cent. The coal miners in South "Wales and Monmouthshire have agreed to a similar decline, and several large tin plate workB in the neighborhood of Swansea have stopped work altogether. The farmers in East Anglia are trying to reduce the wages of their laborers from 12s. to Us. per week, and many employers declare that they cannot afford to keep their men going through tho winter. Tho Central Chambor of Agriculture proposes to hold a national Agricultural conference, and it is possible that some very heroio measures both as regards rents ond tithes may be pro posed. The English and Sootch farmers will sooner or later insist that the concessions made to their Irish brethren should he extended to Great Britain. Tho Small Holdings Act came into force on the 1st inst, aud every County Council has now to appoint a comtnittoe to decide whether it is advisable to nut the aot into force in their locality. tf. in not likely that many agricultural laborers are in a poBitinnto purchase land, evenundorthe liberal terms offered by the Small Holdings Act, but it is probable that a considerable number of trades men and small shopkeepers in the towns and villages may feel desirous of availing themselves of the provisions of the new act. Meanwhile, furthor intelligence confirms the belief that farmers are in a very bad way. Tho agri cultural article of the Standard states that "fresh evidence of the severity of tho present crisis in agriculture is forthcoming every week. Market intelligence proves that suoli crops as two or three quarters of wheat per aore are lamentably com mon, and that blighted grain has been sold at even lower prices than were given in this column a week ago. The results of sheep sales, too, are worse than ever. At Lowes Fair, where 19,000 sheep and lambs were penned, prices ranged from 20s. to 433. for sheep, and 18h. 6d. to 35s. for lambs, as compared with 35s. to 51s. and 25s. to 41. in 1891, and with 40s. to 65w. and 29s. to 44s. in 1890. Thcso figures show a fall in two years of 20s. to 22s. in sheep, and of 9s. to 10s. 6d. in lambs. Yet the prices of tho prime sheep of the South of England are high in comparison with those obtained at some of the recent Scotch sales, in connection with which there aro reports of Cheviot lambs being sold as low as 4s. a head. Indeed, according to the Farming World, a farmor consigned some lambs to Glasgow, paying Is. a head for rail freight and obtaining a gross return of Is. Id. each, thus netting Id. on each lamb. Another man, who seut his lambs to Perth, while his wile sent some poultry, got less by several pence a head for his animals than were obtained by tho lady for her fowls, and in his case the rail carriage exceeded the returns. Wo cannot vouch for the story, but it is told seriously iu the lending column of a Scotch agricultural paper not given to sensational exaggerations." An attempt has beeu made by the president of tho Vienna polico to show that Szemerdy, who was recently accused of murdering sevoral jewellers and money changers iu Vienna, and who committed suicide at Buda-Pcsth in order to avoid nrrest, was Jack the Ripper. But except ing that the first crime that Szomerdy was known to commit was the murder of a girl of tho town at Buenos Ayrcs, and that ho was absent from Austriu and Hungary during tho time that the Whitcobapol murders wore being committed, thore is absolutely nothing to con nect Szemerdy with those extraordinary crime. Indeed, there is no evidence that ho was ever iu England at all. The attempts to produce artificial rain in the United States by means of dynamite explosions appear to have been failures. Tho meteorulogist to tho Government raiu making expedition hns contributed to the Engineering Magazine a detailed nccouut of his experiences. Mr. George E. Curtis, the writer in questiou, states that in some cases the explosions were effected when rain was about to fall from natural onuses, and he asserts that the experiments have utterly failed to demonstrate that explosions can develop a storin or produce a measurable rain. He expresses a hope that "for the honor and good name of the Government and of science" there will bo no more attempts "to produco rain by bombarding tho heavens." Mr. Mortimer Mernpos is abroad getting ready for next season. At present he is in Spain, but lie proposes to visit Tangier and Morocco, and travel thence to Colombo, and from Ceylon to Ilong Kong. His principal work will, I under stand, be the portraiture of children. The sale of the Pall Mall Gazette to a Ger man, Mr. Lowenfield, the proprietor of an extremely unpleasant temperance drink called Kops ale, has not surprised anyone who hns been behind tho scenes. The Pall Mall lias recently fallen upon evil days. Originally under the 1 control of Fred. Greenwood, writton by gentle- men for gentlemen, it never got over tho flavor of Maiden Tribute, mingled with Hoi- Ioway Jack, which it acquired under Stead. Of late years the present editor, Mr. Cook, has been trying to lmrk baok to the paths of respectability. But his politics, extreme Gladstonian with a touch of Socialism, did not commend themselves to those who could affonl to purchnso a penny evening newspaper, and tho Star , which is sold for a halfpenny, is more vigorously and consistently democratic than tho Pall Moll. Singularly enough, the St. James's Gazette, like the Pall Mali, is now tho property of a German who mado his money by the sale of tcmperancn drinks, only iu hts case it was Apollinarts water. The Awakening, a society comedy in tbreo acts, written by Mr. Arthur Benham, was pro duced on Saturday night at the Garrick Theatre, by Miss Kstello Burnham, an actress who gathered some laurels last season at the Globe by her impersonation of Rebecca "West in a piny intended to be a prelude to Ibsen's Romers- holme. The story is unpleasant. An iron grey city man spends his laborious life in gnin-> ing money, which is spent by his wife in their west end mansion amongst fops and worldlings who despiso the husband, while ono half tolerates the wife and the other makes lovo to her. She is on the point of kicking over tho traces altogether, has defied her husband and accepted tho invitation of an admirer to go to a very risky supper, when her child Dorothy ia taken ill. The nature of tho mother is changed by the peril of her daughter ; she nurses her with much devotion, and when its life is saved she turns again to the love of hor husband and its father and is forgiveu, because she had only been foolish and not criminal. Tbe aoting was generally weak, th only exception being t% small part by your old favorite, Miss Nina Boucicault, who made a hit ns a fin de siccle young lady, who is jealous of the influence which young married ladies have over bachelors, smokes because she sees men crowd round a red headed woman who is never without a cigarotte in her mouth, and altogether shows a vast amount of go. But even tho olever acting of Miss Boucicault was insufficient to redeem the play from the unforgiveable sins of dulness and con ventionality. A Lucky Dog is the tillo of a farcical comedy which hns been produced at Terry's Theatre, and which turns upon an annuity left to an impecunious scapegrace so long as he can pro duce the testator's favorite dog safo and sound every quarter day. Tho dog runs away, but is brought back again none the worse for its escapade. The idea is rather thin to serve as tho groundwork of an evening's entertainment, and it is not made any more interesting by the introduction of the editor of a society newspaper, who finds that libel actions, whioh end in heavy damages being given against him, aro neither pleasant nor profitable. But the dialogue was smart; there was plenty of go, light and shade, and so tho audience laughed heartily, and appeared to be quite content with their amusemont. The Royalty Theatre has opened with the Baroness, an original comio opera, in which some tuncfuland tastymusiccomposed by Mr. Cotsfurd Dick is wedded to an absurd and trifling plot. When the curtain rises, G&briellc;, tho daughter of ono of those grand dnkes who flourish in comic opera, is unmarried. The father would favor tho suit of Narcissus, the captain of his guard, if he could produco 10,000 crowns, nnd two of tho young man's uncles are prepared to givo him that sum tfhen he is actually married. But neither the Duke nor tho uncles will givo any credit, and poor Naroisssus is in a dilomma ; " without the bride no fortune, without the fortune no bride." The unclos come to court, and in ordor to get the money Naroissus pretends to be first tho husband of one lady and then of auother. The Grand Duke orders both uncles to be looked up, and as there is no prison, the Turkish bath is chosen for thoir plaoe of con finement. Ultimately the matter is arranged somehow or another, and G&bricllo; becomes tho wife of Narcissus, who is a baron, and there? by gives tho title to tho operetta. Luckily the mnsio was better than tho libretto, and much of Mr. Dick's work is decidedly good. G&hricllo; is played by Mirs Agnes Giglio, a young lady with a well trained voice, although a poor actress, and the necessary comio clement is introduced by Mr. Lionol Brough, as the Confi dant of Narcissus. But I am afraid that the Baroness will never find itself & popular pro duction, although the pretty scenery and the gay dress'es may obtain for it a certain measure of success. The new gallery opened its doors on the 1st inst. to a collection of pictures obtained from various sources, most of them being old acquain tances in the way of having beeu exhibited be fore, but some of them are new. Amongst the latter is a faithful study of country life, by David Mm ray, . called Driving the Cows, the scene being laid near the Hampshire coast. Mr. Burne Jones contributes a design for a Mosaic whioh is to be sec up in the Church of St. Paul, at Rome, which is intense m expression but a little feiokly in color. Signor Costa exhibits two pictures— an Italian land scape and a group of Italian peasants. Miss Evelyn de Morgan has painted Sea Sisters, a group of mcrmaidens rising from tho waters, the subject being founded on Hans Christian Andersen's tale. Tho faces are pretty, but rather self conscious. Amongst the landscapes perhaps the most striking are Undor an Open Moon, by Hope M'Lnchlin, which is the very abomination of dosolntion, and looks more like early winter than spring. There is a broken sky, dark and scattered clouds, the troes dreary and bare ; tho Dunes of a Bleak North Lund, by Mr. Priestman, display many touches of wild imaginative beauty. Tho landscapes gonerally aro very good, but the exhibition taken os a whole is rather poor, and scarcely up to tho reputation of the new gallery. Dr. Boyd, undor the title of Twenty-five Years of St. Andrew's, lias brought together a number of excellent stories, which afford a good ideaof modern Scotch wit, andnfford perhaps a better notion of tho lighter shades of the ScottinU character than anything whioh has -appeared since the days of Dean Ramsay. Tho following aneodotc is a fine sample of the rest. "While on a visit to Lord and Lady Strath- more, at Glands Castle, Dr. Boyd was told of a new way to exorcise old ghosts : — "Everybody has heard of tho haunted room at Glnmis. It has been put about that tho mention of it is a painful subject in tho family. Never was ranker nonsense. In the morning the first question of tho delightful oountess to her guests was, 'Well, have you seen the ghost?' The earl treated the subject more scientifically, in a fasbiou yielding practical counsel, lie told us that oomo years before an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for church building, hnd just gone tubed, when of a sudden the ghost appeared— appar ently a Strathmor© of fome centuries back. With great presence of mind, the clergyman took the first word. Addressing the ghost, ho said he was most anxious to raise money for a church he was erecting ; that he had a bad cold and could not well get out of bed ; but that his collecting book was on his dressing table, and he would be extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon thiu the ghost vanished, and has never corno baok any niore." 