STORY PACE. A LIVING LIE. The Stopyof a Double Life, 'By LILY TINSLEY, ; ' OF "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." iuthor of "Ar Day of Reoeonino," . "In tub Ring," "Tub Child of thb Shadow," "ALondon Secret, ""CousinDiok," a- "Blaokwateb Towers," &o.; ,/M All Queensland Rights' Reserved. ' PART THE SECOND, r Chatter XYII. — A Hahd Battle. The stupor whioh succeeded Leo's sudden accession of fear saved his reason. But it accomplished an even more im portant office. " It gave the Rat time to face the horrible difficulty in wMch he found himself. . At firet he was completely paralysed by the danger into wMon he had blindly run, but, as ever, the very sense of the greatnesB of the interest at stake sufficed to rouse in the intrepid man a spirit of no surrender, which was now still further strengthened by the knowledge that his child's future "happiness, as well as his 1 own, was at stake. Every hour, every moment that he spent in the light of her presence, made the love in Mb heart spring up Mgher, until the very idea of losing her, as he i must, did his planB fail now, he felt would ' be worse than death to Mm. ' A way to avoid exposure must be found —must be found— must succeed. After one of the moet agonising hours of thought that he had ever known in Ms life, the unhappy father felt there was but one way open to him — one wMoh re quired not the courage and daring wMch Vwould have been in Ms hands Buoh easy ' weapons, hut a tact and skill in over- , coming an invisible enemy, a self-aoousing i heart, which he could scarcely even hope he possessed. But it was assuredly the, only way of saving little Hell from the pain of losing either her lover or her father, for, as Leo had plainly taken the baronet for a ghost in Mb terror, it might still be possible to hoodwink him, or get„Mm out of the country, when discovery" from any ohanoe description he might hear of Sir Lawrenee was deoidedly lessened. He would never suBpect the facts of the case, on inkling of it even seeming so utterly improbable. To save Me cMld sorrow, what would, not the father have undertaken? The Hat's plan was to tell the truth — at least, in part, to lay bare the deception. Urging upon himself this difficult and 1 dangerous task, the Eat suddenly reoeived , an unexpected aid, which seemed almost to set upon the plan the seal of Frovi- /denoe;'7 " " As the baronet was alone in the dining- room, the soene of this new tangling of the skein, waiting for the news of Leo's recovery from his swoon in the library to go to Mm, and Bet his heart to fight the ; desperate battle there must be between love and honour, fear and hope, a letter was put in Mb hand, hearing a black seal and edge, and brought by a special mes senger. lit conveyed to him the intelligence of the death 'of his weakly little nephew, Ms so-called heir, for itwillbe remembered that the aucoession to the estates was first to the hnnohbank. and then' to the ' little boy, tbe only son of on elder sister of the Rat's mother, and then to the Hat himself. The importance, therefore, of this news to the latter in aiding his cause in re- . conoiling young Leo to the deception will be at onoe seen. He had been the dead hoy's heir, not ' vice versa , and thus no longer usurped the position aud title to the estates. They were.by clear right actually his. Such a faot must weigh heavily against Leo's soruples. True, Ms first idea, as had been the Rat's, might he to dispense with the farce, hut while the latter saw , that thiswasnotto be thought of beoauee of his .identity as the Rat, which would naturally come to light in establishing his olaimB, the hoy must pee that to tamper with the cloak which now so cunningly concealed Ms oritne would be both foolish and dangerous. ' ' Should he, however, persist, whioh under the new circumstances was not at aU probable, or become suspicious at the \- Rat's refusal to escape from a position at onoe painful and unnecessary (knowing but half the truth of his identity),, it would bo easy to urge upon-' him the ever-existing difficulty of disposing of the hunchback, so as to eBoape all suspicion such as might lead to inquiry. "While, oould he who loved her so he doaf to the father's plea that it would break , his. child's heart to lose faith in her father, to bo burdened with the new secret of the deception ? -That there was danger to Royal in the. L marriage the Rat did not think twice, for ft how could she ever, blind aB she was, die- fitmguiah one assassin from another? That fiHefiie should ever reveal her knowledge- Jut Ms supposed guilt to her husband was jjjS-not at all probable. Because of the oath b She had taken, and even in receiving Mb j iove— never broken— she would be silent. 1 For his own sake so. would he, and. to "what end should either her father or Royal ever open her eyes?- There cer tainly seemed none, while, on the other Mind, should anything transpire, Leo's safety was assured by the marriage, for ; as she was the only witness who was not ohainod by/ suoh reasons as were Royal and the Rat to keep silence in the mutter, and &s; Ms wife, as Royal had surmised in Ms marriage to Madge,, -willingly or un willingly given — and the former, however improbable, might yet bo, because of her horror of the crime, tho being bound to one guilty of it — Nellio's evidohoe, apart from tiie fact of her blindness, could not -be taken against her husband. To win over Leo seemed a task not only devoid of any new incrimination— such as had hitherto seemed to dog every step the Rut made to shake off his. old life— but to set matters equal all, thie,/ way / round. " But while rejoicing not a' little at the opportune news he had reoeived — little did he guess how, in the future, whioh he thought at least promised fair, he would look upon that very dropping away of his bonds as a new pain to his imprisonment — the Rat did not for a moment Iobb sight of the difficulties of his task. The ut most eare must he taken in executing it, that Leo might not become suspicious, nor yet rebellious. The Rat's first move was a judicious one. He judged that nothing oould so re duce the lad to submission as. for him to realise what the loss of his little blind love's love would be to bim, and that the more by his own renunoiatioh. Thus awaking from his swoon In the . full tide of his new fear and remorse, Leo found himself faoe to face with Hellie, , She stood still in the middle of the room, holding out her hands with a ory of joy and supplication; ' Leo, is it really you who are here? ' ' Yes, it is I,' he replied, forcing the words from Ms lips with an effort. ' And it is I,' she said, the joy in her tone increasing, her arms outstretching more hungrily towards him. ' It is I — little Hell, your little Hell ! ' But repressing the impulse whioh hade Mm fly to her, to hold her in his arms, and kiss once more the aweet, fair faoe, turn ing his head away that he might not he tempted by the eight of her, -shutting up Ms heart, as it were, from all feeling of love and tenderness, Leo answered quickly, . ' Ho, not my Hellie ! Hot now, ohild ! Hever.more ! ' ' Hot your Hellie, never yours?' she repeated, dropping her hands, the ohange in her voice nd face painful to note. ' Leo, what ' do you mean ? Yon frighten me ; won't you tell me what has changed you ? You said you loved me, and now you will not even oome near me, that I may hold your hand. Yoa will not have me for your little love as you told me only a little wMle ago.' The sweet voice faltered and broke off into sometMng suspioiously like a sob, a sound, whioh, while it stung Leo almost to uttering a ory of pain, roused him at leaBt to do tho duty he felt was imposed upou Mm without flinching, even if it meant pain to the poor little blind girl. ' That short while, Hellie, has ohanged your life and mine,' he said gently, hut firmly, and not going nearer to her, not feeling aB If he could ho proof against her blind touch upon him, the soft, cling ing hold of her little white hands. , ' Everything wMch served to unite us then divides ns now.- As I have saved you ; there is no need. You are no longer the poor little friendless prisoner. You have found your father. You are Nellie Huntingford, the daughter of a man who is rich and powerful.' (Leo had drawn these conclusions from the grandeur of the- house, and the short conversation which he now reoalled had passed between his bene factor and his aocusers in the library.) ' Thero 1b a new life opening before you, a new and glad one. In it you must forget the past, and with the reBt forget that such a person ever lived as Leo Forrester. You have no need of Mm now, thank — yee, I will say it — thank God !' He had spoken nobly and bravely, even tothoro thanks for the very happiness wMch put a barrier between them. But she stood .dismayed and aghast. 'Ho need of you? Forget you!' she repeated wonderingly. Then, with a cry of pain, whioh turned at the last to fear, ' Do you really think so badly of me, as to believe I could do that ? Do you regret that lhave found my father?' It was a oruel stab, for the very pain of her voice had called up in his heart all the old longing to shield and proteot her, which had before urged Mm, despite all his hard reasoning, jto offer her his dar kened love. ' ' Ho, it is not that, it is not that,' he said hastily and . as composedly as he could, though he was wMte now to the very lips with the effort to retain Ms self-control. ' What is it then ?' she asked. Then as he did not immediately reply, she said with infinite graoe of feeling and simplicity, ' In Nellie Huntingford, Leo, beats the sam'e heart as in the poor little blind prisoner you befriended.' ' I do not doubt you,' he replied, put ting Ms hand to his heart to try by force to stop its heavy beating, whioh seemed as if it must in time break down the re serve behind which he was trying so hard to enfence himself. ' Only — do you not remember how I told you that hut for your need of proteotion, your helpless ness, -whioh left you dependent upon strangers, unable to continue your searoh for your father, I should never havo told you that I loved you.' He paused, the words seeming aB if they would not oome, and the girl broke in hurriedly. to be continued to-morrow. 