Novelist. The Rajah's Vengeance.! A STORY OF INDIA- : By. fr e derick M. I)EY. ? « j ? ? CHAPrEU lH.--CosrisfBU. While soemingt^lraul^ah^conndontrwith mo, } there were somo points upon which ho was ex tremely reticent. Ho told mo that ho belonged to ono of tho IUjpootran sects, nnd was allied to the house of a powerful IUjih who only remained friendly with tho British rulo so long as it left him nndisturbo 1 in hU own possesions. Tho Jtajah Nahmanha was a direct desc-ndant of a long lino of princes, and, according to Simrha'c description, was marvellously rich, proud ao Xittclfer, arrogant and crucl. His domain was of largo extent, aud was situated in tho district Jmown as Odoypore. 4 Can you tell mo,' I asked of Simrlia, 4 it you havo ever kuown of & Hindoo, prince called Havana?' 4 Yes, sahib,' ho replied. Tho Hajuh Havana wa» the father of tho llojah Nahmanda/ It was only my strong eelf-control and power to suppress sudden emotions, which prevented mo from leaping to my feet with n cry of joy. As it Tras, I started a little, far th-? answer he had given told mo that, through somo strange circumstanco, I had engaged as» my servant ono who was already connected with tho household of tho very Itajah to whom I must look for tho information 1 sought in behalf of CogiweU'o request; It was thou I began to question Simrlia, and .ounti him so extromely rvticent aud 60 loth to givomo'at)y details regarding tho things I most wished to know. ? Ou tho fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would bo, in n measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it wero possible to persuado him to toll mo more concerning tho iisj&h;'s immediate surroundings. 1 Simrlia,' I said, quietly, ' I, .too, am going to IndU:-?';-; ; i ; jj: j j; ; ; ?. 4 To India ?' heaicd. 1 Yes,' I continued ; ' and am so well pleased with you aad your sezvices that if you desire it you may eontinuo with .mcr-on ono condi tion.' /? j* - 4 Yes, sahib?' j 4 Tho coudiHoiV ls you romaln in my service during tho timo I am in your country, and givo mewhat.ald yourcau :iu au undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.' 1 1/ tho sahib does not intend to remain Jong, anj„will not vis|t Odeyporo during his stay, I will readily conse.nt.to tho lint part of the condition,' he laid, finally.*! 'But it U~to Odoyporo that Inmost desire to ?? Vj In that caiOj sahib, I cannot^ rcmal^ iu your _ r smlto/ ? . 1^.1 '?-*' w --? 'AYliynot3^ ^ ^ 1 Becausol belong tplthc household oflhe Rajah Kalimanda.'^- r; i-. 1 Irv what capacity do you serTo.him J,\ * That which iu yoar' cottntry ypu would terhi lecwjuj.' - ^ ^ ;?£ ? r 4 J)at can jou not sceure hit consent to iny plan? . laM Zl' -;v- ? Impossible* sahib '? The tono ill which' ho aiiiijerod 'mefwas bo do ?Ideil that I plainly sajrtfce futilityof a^gttlng with fcim'/uithcr.'^' / ' ^ . 'WilV you tell me 4 of ^ bis household?' I j asked.-'*-; ' .. . 4-Wfiat moro do you ( desire 'to know iahlb?^ * ^ . : -: ' any family ? ^5Jfould be entertain me lora few day Slit his Jialaco^ ' Ho would'not rcfuso. you if you applied to him, ?ahibj^ut, it jau wilt^llowfio to advise you, do aot-go.there.'V ( ? , *,Whyl Simrha?' ; ^ ; 1 'THd'lUjiUJtnciis you.' : 1 Ktfows ms )'. I cried in wonder. ~ 'V ?? 1 Yca^ sahib... That is, he will knowyjra by the ; lime you reach his palace, aud ho will suspect tbe ?aflio of your visit.' ; ; ' \- ?Bttfc'.my Tlaithat 'nocauca boyond a natural cariosity, I returned.; ' 'Pardon m«v sahib, bat it has. You: were for fcaaf.-yoara tHa confidential friend of Sahib Keu» ken Cogswell, who is now dead, and tho Rajah will autpoof that it h uponhis sITairs thatyoumako tborillt.' 'ZT I ir«( Mtonn JcJ. 'JYbo ftni, sou, Storks T X cried. _ '.Auil horr clo. job. knon thds ?' ^ r ?. « I nn Simrha, a Hindoo,' bo replied, calmly, . .?and I Know whereof I speal:, becauso it became »y dity to know all tuat concorned tuo aanio Jteoben Copiwcll vrhen I left India.' -.f Tlvm you w'urp sWit h*ro by tbe ilajah ?' , , ' ; 'I was, sahib/ * In com^aoy with another?' ;;; BoWodftf aflirmatire. , ; . * How htig ?tjo, Siuirha?.'. u J- 1 lVo yea»».' . .. 4 Didyoa s+3 the old mai before he died ?* . « bat lie VAUt i 1 j I? # '» - * - !?-?- -ij'l' si.liel bi« hoo^ waby'r'^nics;* '? i ' WilUoii .U'.«.l:'nowlnlier, ' 1 ! * V.'utii . . ,.' v ! * For tie pi rpcao of aerring my master.' 4 Simrha,' I sai l, slowly and imprca&lroly;, 4 if yon will toll mo all yoa know— and that you think would interest mo, I will pay you well for it. I will mako you rich/ 4 If tho sahib should givo mo all tho wealth of tho Rajah Nabmanda/ ho replied, 'it would bo useless for mo to ftpoalc, even though I wero wil* ling/ ? Why V ' IJccauco I should bo killed/ * 'By whom V 4 By thoso who watch mo day ond night.* 4 Aro thero spies aboard this ship 5' 4 Ay. sahib, and in this very apartment/ I glanced quickly around, but tho llindoo only smiled. 4 Thoy cannot bo seen/ ho onid, 1 and yet they aro horo. See ! I will leavo tho nparlment and go upon deck. 'Whilo lam gone, if you will recall tho facoof tho Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it oxnetly as you would speak to him whero ho really hero, I will returu and tell you vvlirvtyou Gaid nnd what ho answered. 1 Whr.t ho answered !' ' l'v.;, sahib, for ho will nnswer you.' Without another word ho turned and left mo, whilo coating my: on tho edgo of my bunk, I fell to picturing Co ^^vcH'fl face upon my memory. Almoat immediately I felt a strango sensation in my head, aa if baud', of stretched rubber wero bound around it} my eyea grow heavy and 1 closed them, but not in ulccp ; only bccauoo °ecmcd an effort to keep tliera open. Suddenly a very familiar voico broko in upon rue, 4 What is it, John?' it said ; and looking up quickly, although my oyoa still felt as if they wero closed, I beheld Rwubon Cogswell standing beforo mo. IIo looked just as I had seen him in my in. cxplicablo dream tho night when I obtained tho signatures, and as then his presonco did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for tho momeut perfectly natural that ho should bo there. 'Who is this Hindoo travelling with mo?' I asked. 4 A peculiar person/ ho replied. Ho is subtlo keen, and powerful iu his knowiedgo and com mand of tho occult sciences of India.' 'He knows much of our afT^irB,1 1 naid slowly and meditatively. 4 Ho knows nearly all,' replied tho old man, 4 What ho does not know and what he is deter* min§d to find out is tbo preciso reason for your voyage to hia country/ \ - ; .:/ How. shall. I bo.able .to. prevail' upon him: to work for mo in this matter of carrying out your wisbta '! lliq familiarity with all tho phases o! Hindoo lily would be invaluable to me/ \- - 4 Ay, John, so it would, but you must bo careful. I believe Simrha to bo faithful, aud possibly, if you wero frank and open with him, it might not bo amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise you.'- ; Old Reuben's face was becoming indistinct, a^d as it did so my mind seemed to work with mfro freedom, for suddenly a new thought occurred to ? Wait Y 1 cried. 4 One more question/ ' What is it?' 'Shall I find your descendant in India? Have you one there ?* Was it fancy, or did tho face before me relax into a smile as 1 asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features wero growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance 1 heard his voice re ply to my question : 1 Ay, 1 have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her.' 4 Her !' I cried, btifclio had gone. Tbo familiar old faco bad faded from view, and I was left alone. ' I rubbed my eyes rigorously, and' then with on r Cbrt opened them to find myself still sitting upon *he edge of my bunk in tho state-room with every thing that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my miud. With a strango feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. . 4 Is my mind losing its balanco ?! I asked my. self, ' Am I subject to fits of abstractedness in which I havo thoso strango and realistic visions, dreams, in which I seo ghosts? Pshaw! Non sense ! And yet ' ? At this instant' the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. - Thoro was a peculiar smilo.upon his faco liko that of ono who was satisfied ond pleased, and yet with tbo oppressed, tight feeling which was still liovoring about mo, I fancied thero was something triumphant in his glanco also. ' Shall I enter, sahib?' ho inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came in and closed the dooy behind him. * Shall I speak and tell tho sahib what has transpired ?' — See Picture No. C. — ho asked ; and I- wondering, it ho indeed, knew, and yet, dreading to share tho knowledge with him, hesi tated. No G. — ' Shall 1 speak and toll tho sahib what has transpired ?' asked Simrha. My curiosity was too much for me, however, and the strange smilo which still lingered' about the Hindoo's eyes seemed to urge me on. ' Yes,' speak I' I Bald. ? Tell mo all you know —all, or leave my employ.' CHAPTER IV. toe Hindoo's wabkiko, Simrha seated himself upott ' a chair near tho door, and slowly repeated tho questions and Answers, each. and all, which had passod ..between Reuben Cogswell and myself during my strango dream, for I could , ex^Uln my latd experience ;no other way. ' . When he had finished, I sprang to my foot in anger/ . 4.Gp on/ 1 cried. '.Tell me all, for thero la still much'to.tell, ; Yon, /.who, prevailed .on me to en-, gage'jcu as my servant, because you were in want, b'ave by sorue infernal' means obtained possession , of all the secrets I would have kept, even from 'Heaven;' had:- I Jtho,-power-; ? and now. *1- swear that you sihall novcr'lfeave thi? room allvo until you have answered every question which I sha'l ask;//- : , ; i 1 , . r iwild In my .hsnd, a revjilver. the hammer -rai*t'd. ami the uiur.r.h* vohting straight at his, i lmari,- but, notwithstanding uiy attitude and tho ! tUugor which iwutii to Btmacfl him, ho did not , WW. 4 Lot tho sahib ask thoqucstion beforo ho shoots/ said ho, calmly. ' Do you know tho descendant ot thi3 Roubon Cogswell?' 4 Yes/ 4 Who, where, and what io tho person ?' ' Sho in a grand»nieco of the Rajah Nahtnanhn, and resides In his pahco in Odcyporo. ? What ia oho? A truo daughter ol Vishuu, and I, sahib, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a moment moro ho continued : 4 Let tho enhib listen,' ho said, with n diguity that impressed me, and let him tako heed. During tho night beforo ho left hia nativo placo a double crimo wan committed, with tho com mission of which ho was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friond released him, and hocJcaped.' I was by thia timo walking back and forth in tho little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carriedthorovol Icr, and in my mind many nchemes aroso for rid ding myself of thia unpleasant confidant. I did not interrupt him, however. ' You aro bound for tho JSast on a most danger oun mission/ ho caid, and your, path will bo beset witli treachery nnd danger continually. When you least expect it death will ctaro you in tho faco. When apparently in tho greatest security, porila subtle and nuddon will stand on either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than tho sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by tho tiniest web tho spider spinB. And so long as tho Rijah Nab manha liver, your peril will eontinuo, until itonds with your death, unless you aro prepared to turn hack from your present intentions and forsako nil further eftort to find tho heir of Reuben Cogs | well/ I ' Novcr V I cried. Again that faint smile, liko tho flitting of a phantom, passed across bis face. 'I havo not dono/ bo continued, 'for I knew before I spoko that you would not turn back. Thero is, Sahib, a brighter side, for a friend— tho friend who liberated you from prison— will watch over you constantly, and wlion dangers threaten and tho Bword is about to fall you will bo suro to bo warned. How cannot bo told, but lot it not matter how tho warning comes heed it ; no mat ter how many thero aro, heed them all, or you will die.' . ? Who is this friend ?' I askod, pausing abruptly in my restless pacing to and fro; 'and, Simrha, who aro you ? Not a servant, surely !' 4 Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen; you shall know all that can bo told. With that you must bo satisfied, for nothing more can bo revealed at present. ? When your onemies find that you escape them 'and still livo, ibey will resort to npparont warn ing to lead you into danger; but heed them : not. You will always know tho messages of your friend by the word 'Norha,' either spoken or written.' ?Why do you tell mo this?' I asked/4 To frighten me ? If that is your reason, Simrha, you will not succeed. ' No moro questions can ba answered, sahib. Of all that you have been told tako heed, for the truth has been spoken. I deceived you iu order to enter your service, but that was dono for tho purposo of this interview. You could not be spoken to until we were on tho water. Now that tbo words are spoken, we must part. Remember, sahib, all that you have heard, nnd if yoa heed the warniog we shall meet again : if not, joa will fail ; and, if even you had & hundred lives re-, given you, ono after another, you would still be dead/ _ , , - - . Turning abruptly, he re-opened the door, and left me, while I, seating ajtcU once more opon the edge of the bunk, leaned my head opon my hands, and pondered over the strangewords I had just heard. Was I, then, in such great danger constantly ? Was the Hindoo Rijah to powerful thai his influ ence extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives? Bah! The idea was preposte rous. And yet, how had Simrha known ao much of my affairs? How was he to know that I -was in any .way connected with the a flair* of Reuben Cogswell ? Nay, moro I How had he become possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which hod hastened my departure for the East, There was only one answer to tbo many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of tbo Rsiah were upon every hand, watchful, cubtb— aye, and fatal too. But why had he warned me ? Why had he selected mo out of the cbao3 of Hindoo hatred to bo watched over and finally saved as ho had inti mated? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers ? Was it part of the treachery to which he referred? or did there exist some motive of which 1 had no conception for his friendliuess to wards me ? Alas ) thero was no answer to that ! 4 Stop P I exclaimed, hurriedly. 4 1 wilt go on deck and find him, question him farther, and forco him to tell me more. Without thinking twice, 1 left tho stateroom for tho deck, on reaching which, however,' not a sign of Simrha could bo seen anywhere among the; passengers, although I walked back and forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would bo fruitless, 1 spoko to tho chief ofiicer, and oxplaiued to him my wish to' find my servant. ' Oh, yes/ ho said, ' remember him perfectly— a strango-looking fellow, with big black eyes. An East Indian — ch? 1 thought so. Ho spoko to' mo horo on dcok loss than an hour ago. Lost him — oh ? Well, ho is somewhere aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.' . . Calling tho pursuer to his aid, wo three resumed tho Boarch, but after occupying an hour in fruitless ondearours to find him, wo met again. * no couldn't leavo tho ship very well, unless ho went overboard/ said tho ofiicer, 1 and ho could not very woll do that in daylight without my hear ing of it, This thing is vory peculiar, andl will find him if 1 havo to ransack the ship from otoni to stern/ I Wo began with tho steerage, every ono of the I passengers in that part of tbo vesaol being com pelled to pass in roviow boforo us, Wo wont down into tho hold, whero stowaways eecrotthemselvea. Wo looked among tho stokers in tho boiler-rooms. In fact, not a portion, of tho ship whero & man could by any possibility have Accreted himself was left unexamined. Simrha had disappeared, Thoontiro ship, crow and passengers aliko, bo camo interested in tho strange and inexplicnblo ^ovent.and felt that ho must bo found ; but aa-tho day woro on, and still my llindoo servant was mis sing, 1 garo him up. ? IIo must havo gono overboard,' said tho chief' ofiicer to.moj when tho search was completed, * for 1 am positive that ho ii not aboard tho ves sel now/; i ' ' ! ? ? And so thought 1, and although 1 could not be lieve that ho had volnntrtrily thrown himself into tho' Bea; ^concluded that in attempting' to conceal himteH.lio had somehow fallen overboard and beeu lOKti' * 1 y '? . On the following day a-iiawjexcitqiaentof some kind ;irosu, and ro} imssiug servant waa forgotten,. ;unttyjalinqst night, when' tho ctief ollice^, tolldWed ' by tUp atcwari, appiouchcd mo as l. amo'xwl ;my ; cig*r on th» deck. * - 1 Tb? i! 4 t«Ui »Q a urangq «tory,' n\i tt* ofiicer,' 4 and 1 havo askod Oim il ropoat 11 yon. If, after you havo heard it, you would likl to havo the ship gono over again, it shall bo dont, ?, although 1 think it useless, nnd thostowardl ctory nothing but imagination/ ? , - 1 Let mo hear it/ 1 said. Ho caid that half nn hour beforo ho was put ting away como glasses in thoir proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, where ho kopt several lands of dainty food, etc. Ho opened tho door suddenly, and was frightened nearly out of his wit3 by tho sight that mot his gfiZO. Standing at the farther end of tho pantry, with a glass of wino at his lips, was tho figaro of my Hindoo servant Simrha. Tbo steward quickly recovered his wits, how ever, and crying, 'Aha, 1 havo caught you, have 1 !' sprang towards him with arms outstretched. :But ho had not taken tho second stop befoto ho camo to a sudden stop, for tho East Indian was no longer .thero. IIo had disappeared bfforo tho stowcrd's eyes, and at tho further end of a little clo3et-liko room, from which .there was absolutely no means of cscapo, except by passing through tho door behind tbo indignant steward. Tho man rabbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blurred his vision, but the Hindoo had van ished like the fiamo of a lamp when quickly snulTed out. The Fccond look satisfied him that he was not mistaken, whilo on tho other hand howasasposi tivo that tho. strango man had been thero when ho first entered. Thoroughly frightened, ho turned and fled from tho placo, convinced that he had seen o ghost, and going straight to tho chief ofiicer, ho had told tho story which in turn was related to me. ' : . ' All imagination, 1 say/ ejaculated tho officer* 4 bat all the samo, Mr. Martoii (that was tho name 1 had. caused to bo entered in tho passangor list for mine) we will mako another search if you say 80.' ' ; ? ?Lot us go into pantry,' 1 roplied. 4 Had Simrha indeed been' thero engaged in drinking wino, thero will bo some ovldencds' of liia presence thero, surely.' Wo went' together to tho steward's pantry, and _ there, upon tho littlo tablo at the further end was a half -ompty bottle ot claret ^and a glass, both qf which tho steward took his oath 'wero not thero when ho had gono out of the placo a couple oi hours before, encountering in his way what he now thoroughly believed to be tho pbautom of Simrha. ? Ghosts don't drink wino and cat biscuits/ said the chief ofiicer, 4 and here are crumbs which show that somebody has been engaged in eating. What say you, Mr. Merton ?' 1 did not know what to say, feeling as though 1 was surrounded by uncanny shape3 and iuex* plicable events, which somehow influoncod mo strangely. ?^etusmako another sozrch,' said 1, after a pause. This timo it waa mado with even more tho roughness than it had been beforo» the differ ent parf3 of the vessel being examined simulta neously. Tbfc result, however, was tho same as before, as after two hours had been consumed in the fruit* less search for the Hindoo, the chief officer sought me out again. ' * * it is useless/ he said ; * the fellow is not aboard this ship — I am certain of that/ *How, then, do you account for the steward'* story T 1 asked. 'Superstition and.iinigio stioo/ ht replied ; and he tamed away to attend to his duties. When 1. vest down to my state-room it was j with mingled feelings of superstitious dread ' sceptical doubi in my rofrid. _, l eoald not shake j off the feeUng that Simrha wis somewhere aboard the vessel, surd caught myself looking earnestly; into dark corners and obscsre places, half expect ing to see him silently and complacently regarding j me with that peculiarly satisfied smile of mingled j indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his ; swarthy face. 1 even went so far as to pull aside the curtains ; and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to ; eee his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at ine ! from among tho life-preservers. 1 Thus the time wore away. Twice tbe steward i reported that articles were missing from his pan- ; try, but the chief officer charged the fact to the man's superstitious terror, saying sententbusly,. ?now that Clark had ceen one ghost ho would bo troubled with them all his life/ .We made port ot Liverpool soon after daylight in the norm na, end 1 had requested to be notified at tbo earliest moment when 1 could go ashore, andacordingly 1 was aroused by aloud rap on my door just a* darkness was fleeing before the ad vance of tho sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dres sing. Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, whero it hang on its hook against the bulkhead? ' . . - . ? . It was no fancy, bjot fact, and 1 seized the frag- .. ment of paper with }retnbling hands, and as 1 read ; a strange, creeping oensation tingled throagh my nervous system. There was an evidence of the presence of Sim rhV for there could be no doubt that it was he wlio intended to act as the mysterious friond who was to give me timely warning of any approaching danger. ' ' Tho note was written in tho Hindustani langu age, ana was as follows : . /Do 'hot stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across , tho Channel to France. When you reach Calais yott will hear from Nurha' ; again.' ' v. . ;? * i. I hesitated. . ; ' Now was the time for 'mo to decide whothor or not I should 'follow the advice thus given me, '-fors if 1 followed it at all, it must bo to do bo implicitly in blind confidence and obedience. ^ '*'i How had tho noto been placed iQ my, room whilo I slept? Was Simrha rosliy flUvfi and aboard tbo ship ? If so,ho:must indeodbe adroit^ to successfully ovado tin men who had searched for him so diligontly through every part of tho vessel. It wag ovidentthat 1 could not avoid him. Why, then, attempt it V If ho were indedd my friond, 1 jolt tbatmy mission would succeed ; if my onemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could ribt escape thi* strango man. * ; \ -r'' 1 1 will oboy 1' 1 said aloud ; and 'thon l sprang hurriedly around, for a voico behind* me had re* plied almost instantly : ^ \ 'Nurha thanks you.' -j \ ' ? Who spoko?' 1 cried; but no ono answered.' A careful search satisfied mo that I was.alono. *1 am besot with devils— or angels,' ivmuttered, ? or olco 1 am going mad/-: My toilet waa completed.', in ,tho utmost haste, ? and I left tho Bbip witbout;dela'y, making' my ^tay as rapidly us I could to Dover, ' and thonco across tho Channel to Calais. Nothing occurred worth remark during tho timo thus employed, and I resolved to- remt»in iu tho quaint old French town a few days for rest and to recover my mental equilibrium, which 1 felt was rathor awry sltico tho night whon I-had completed my bargain with— *»hoiu.? .;„W^h. . Prime and Hurley, or with their ghosts ? Ugh ! At all events, I had completed the bargain. ' With S*hom or whet lh,.t bargain had really been completed cduldi avail nothing now. It waa ? done; and ttacrd was an end of it-^-so far! Four days passod in thlvwsyi and lhad decided to taku my departure on thu morning H the Mitt, ? fii 9 #« Co*nsu8».] 