We are onco moro in tho season which Christendom lias consented to regard on ono both of holy days and holidays. Speak of it how wo may, lightly or lovingly, Christinas is a wonderful institution amongst men, quite incalculable in its for- mative influences on national life and character. Its mere ubiquity is a study to the rationalist. The extraordinary unani- mity with which d 00, 000, 000 or 500,000,000 of people on this globe of onra consent to direct their anticipations to a single point of time, nnd centre their joys aud pleasures in the celebration of a single day, is a topic vory replete with meaning. Wherever the sun to-morrow sheds his beams, from the frost-bitten homes of the Eskimo in Northern Greenland to the panting habitant, of the tropics, even to tlio remotest Bheplierd's hut on an Aus tralian out station in the Never Never country, there will bo a universal hand shake and a common Christmas aspiration from every matt for- his neighbor's health and. happiness. Granted that there is much of form and fushion in all this; still the » more universality of such a fashion amongst peoples as diverse in thought as in color is a great fact which no student of the race can leavo without investigation. This thought inspir'ed Dickens when he made the Ghost of Christmas Present take old Scrooge on the wings of the wind, and after showing him the homely happiness in Bob Cratohet's pinched family circle, set before him the celebrations of Christ mas in city, in country and on shipboard. " The brightness of the roaring lires in " kitchens, parlors and all sorts .of rooms " was wonderful. . . Tlio vory lamp- " lighter who ran on bofore, dotting the " dusky street with specks uf light, and " who wis dios.se, I to spend tho evening " somewhere, laughed loudly." Down in the mines, and up in the miners' dwellings, above in the hills, abroad oil the plains, wherever they went there was Christ mas ; even out in a lighthouse amidst the breakers on the shore " two men " who watched the light had made n fire, " that through the loophole in the thick " stone wall shed out a ray of brightness " on the awful sea. Joining their horny " hands over tho rough table ut which the)' " sat, they wished each other Merry " Christmas in their can of grog." And so on tho lonely vessel, ploughing its way through the solitude of mid ocean, " the " helmsman at the wheel, the look-out on " the bow, the officers who had the HUlUilj Ufbltv gUWSUlj !l£llica 111 LilUll " several stations, every man among them " hummed aChristmas tunc,orhadaChrist- " nuts thought, or spoke below his breath to " his companions of some bygono Christinas " day, with homeward hopes belonging to " it. And every man on board, waking or " sleeping, gdod.or had, had a kinder word " for another on that day than on any day in the year." Wide, too — even world widq — as is this celebration, .it is quite its venerable in ago . its universal in spirit. For nearly 1900 years now have men been performing these rites and ceremonies of external thanksgiving. We have got rid of the custom when " the Bearward " cbmytli to my Lorde in Christmas, nialc- " ing for His Lordshippe pastyme for " twelve dayes." Tho Yule log has nearly burnt itself ont, and there are few places even in conservative old England where men nowadays hunt the wren anil " lay her " ou a bier" as an invocation to Christmas. But the Christmas waits and the Christ mas carol still continue in many lands, nnd the Christmas Box, or Thrift Box, as it was once called, is as live an institu tion as ovcr.it .was. The Christmas Tree has been planted, and has grown, amongst English people in Qneen Victoria's reign. It came to us with Prince Albert from German)'. Wo got our habit of decking our clnirches and homes with holly and bays from pagan times, nodoubt. Indeed, the very early Christians were forbidden todress their houses with buy leaves and green boughs, purely because ivy was "grutissima " to Bacchus, and " lawrell " had its patron In Apollo. But customs often outlive pre judices, and when the good priest of medifcval times " payed for rosemarie and ' "bay.es that, was stuck about tho chnrch at !" Christmas labd. , "or "for holly and ivy at Christinas "ljd.," he hod quite forgotten that ho. inherited this mode of rejoicing from the Pagans of Greece and Home. In York, as wo road in the old chroniclers, it used to ho a very happy custom to " carry " mistletoe to the high altar of thecathedrul " nutl proclaim a public and uni- "versal liberty; pardon and freedom " to all , sorts of inferior and even " wicked people at the gates of " this city, towards the four corners of " heaven." The huge wassail howl that brewed for a household may have shrunk into the modest jug of punch ; but though peculiar customs have altered or been modi fied, the great central fact of Father Christmas, with his rubicund visage and ample girth, beaming joy aud "peace and "good will to men" has never varied. The practical people who would havo us believe that the ago of sentiment and-puotry has gone out with the age of miracles had ' hotter ntop a moment anil account for ',1m fact that Santa Clans is as real a por.-otinge in tlio world to-day ns ho was a thousand years ago ; and that Old Father Christmas himself is ns hearty and ns merry as ever ; that ho comes tr> our children with ns brand a twinkle in his eye, nml as bright a smile oil Ids jolly old face as those with which ho visited our great groat grandfathers. Not a muscle in the Old Man's Hturdy frame evinces decay, and not a lino in 'his faco spooks of waning power. Tho Press teems with Christmas storius for young nnd old and if wo havo now no magician who can wield tho wand that summoned up for us Tiny Tim, and Toby Vock, and Dot Poory- binglo, and Caleb Plummor, and Mr. ' Tottorby, and tbo rest of that enchanted and ouchanting company, to teach ns how to enjoy Christmas', thcro are scores of forms in which both beauty and goodness are presented to us, and pathotic appeals for tho lowly and afflicted, on which onr spirit of solt-sacrilicu may oxcrcisc itself. 'Evory postman staggers under' his burden - of bright Christmas cards, ,with their grcetings-of religious lovo or of human fraternity. Beautiful books for tlio cliildron sparkle with pictures of bright games. In the old land the Dicky Bird Society numbers tons of thousands of youthful members, every onu of whom is bent on doing some kind not to some one in need of sympathy. In Melbourne here we havo tlio Ministoring Children's League, active with a similar mission of philanthropy; and in every cue of the chr.ritx! ' " Homes " for the indigent, and in tho Hospitals for tho sick, there nro thoughtful people cngngedin trying to mako Christinas come in the happiest possible guise to tho suffering nnd the sorrowful. And if it bo truo, ns tho poet has it, that Mercy is twico blessed — It blcssotli him thnt gives and him that takes, .wo can cosily sco that ho who has found out how to make another's Christmas happy has secured the happiness of his own. Little orphans arc looking forward with glistening eyes to their Christinas treats; inmates of benevolent wards think of Christinas, jjnd hope that all joy hits not gone ont of life ; waifs, wanderers, pensioners of St. Vincent de Paul and the Salvation Army, are in thousands, dependent on others for some gleams of pleasure in the season that is upon us. Fortunately the Spirit, .of glorious old Christmas never fails. It goes in and out amongst God's poor like a veri table Santa Clans, ahedding blessings. Scrooge himself is touched, and, taking a few sovereigns from his piles of gold, sends them to help tho helpless, if only for fashion's sake. Tho hard, mammon-worshipping world itself, whether it will or no, 1ms to inclt nnd soften when the Spirit of Christmas sheds its bcnclicent inlhienco over the land: rolilicinns pause 111 their intrigues, public and private enemies suspend their ani mosities, the cynic checks his sneer, the palterer his pettifogging, and there is at least a little season when tlio angol in man gets a day or two's chance to assort himself. The presence' of misery in tlio world may be a riddle as inscrutable as over; and it may be quite true, as Blake said, that thero need be no call for mercy if there were no poor, and no need for pity if there were no misery ; but poverty and misery are witli us, and it is a law of our being as true as a mathematical demon stration that they who do the most to pro mote the enjoyment of others will most amply reap their own . harvest of Christmas joys. Tlio hard times have fallen heavily' upon many 'homos, and there are many witii whom bitterness in abroad and despair at home. Why such woe is in the world, and what its mean- ing, is a mystery. Now is not the time to attempt its unravel men t. But now is just tlio time when all who can should afford relief to those who need it. The system of bastard finance and of bogus investment companies which Melbourne has seen come and go within the last fow years would no doubt inspire admiration in the innocent minds of such guileless financiers ns the originators of tlio South Sea Bubble or the Mississippi Scheme. Financial card houses have at times been run up to so many stories thnt even an insurance company accustomed to the Tower of Babel like edifices of Chicago would hesitate before ncccpting such risks. Tiie creation of " tentacle" companies was n stroke of genius, aud onr wholo system of underpinning and propping up ah . already decrepit institution by throwing out suckers would certainly pltioso even tlio most cxigecint of financial Captain Macheaths. But the most mag nificent of our card houses 'fades into in significance in tiie presence of some of the remarkable creations that London com pany boomers have foisted upon tiie market within tho last fow years. Some time ago an interesting article was pub- iisneii iu too investors lie view, giving an account of tlio methods resorted to by tlio speculative adventurers of that city to exploit the public purse. The article treats of the " Trusts" which have of late become very fashionable , if not with tlio public at large, ut all .events with the itobiu Hoods of Lombard-street. Those so-called Tnists are altogether different -'from -the Trusts which President-elect' Cleveland holds in such abhorrence. Tho American Trust anil the proposed Coal Trust at-New-. castle, New South Wales, are merely com binations of limited companies to carry on business on a large scale, thereby killing competition. What is known as a Trust in London is something altogether different. Originally these institutions were useful, and not without merit, and if they had confined their performances "within their proper scope might have been productive of much good. Tiie original intention of their promoters wiut to purchase a largo variety of securities, gilt edged and otherwise, in the expectation that the average income from tlio wholo would be remunerative. It is evident that ah' indi vidual investor could not witli his limited capital make a sufficiently' large selection to assure ' to. himsc/f a remunerative average income ; but ii! a company witli large capital, nt its torn- niaiul wore to buy witli judgment stocks and bonds that, had been unduly' depre ciated, . it was extremely likely tliac a majority of the investments would turn out so well that tho balance would be ut the right side of the ledger. 'Particularly is this the case witli American railway stocks and bonds, which- are. unduly depressed at times hy great speculators like- the late Jay Gould, who are - sucking to: mako some new combination. - If, -then,, tbe Trust bought wisely of bucIi depressed: securities, tiie enormous rise which would' certainly come in . some of them woufil recoup any loss there might bo on the others anil leave a handsome bit over for dividend purposes. This purpose was per fectly legitimate, and the Trusts wliieh have confined themselves to it are paying and nourishing concerns. But before ioiig it occurred to a certain class of financiers that the mechanism of the Trust could he applied . to working other contrivances!. The gambling spirit, which is always rife, offered one moans of exploiting tlio public, and an extraordinary number of these companies 1ms been started merely as implements for gambling on the Stock Exchange. But an even worse- mode of utilising tlio Trust arose. Owing; to bad times and bad management num bers of firms are from time to time brought to tlio verge of bankruptcy ; anil what so easy as to convert these moribund inatitu- Hons into joint stock companion 7 7t in' trim tlir.l, tlio public illicit not pimp at l.lio sliarcH if oircrud in tlio ordinary way, but if- underwritten by a Trust compnuy the sbnros coubl be worked off liy degrees on Mio public, often at a fictitious premium. .Suppose, for instance, that tlio; .firm of X. Y found itself unablo to carry jn business. A joint stock company is' formed to pnrchn.se tlio business, vain oil, say, at £50,000, It would bo necessary to liavo sonio £25,000 working capital. ' The honest way to iloat such a concern would ho to form a company witb £75, 000 capital. Bat such a simple method would nover do. Tho capital is made, say, £100,000, and a Trust company underwrites the whole thing at £75,000, . tlio reinnining £25,000 going into its exchequer ns soon us it nan tempt tho public by fair moans or foul to take the shares oil' its hands. In practice, how ever, it was found that it would never do for one institution to hold lito-wholo capital stock, so tho parent Trust company incubated and produced a vnst - army of tentacle little Trust' companies, - which, in turn also bred more Trust companies. It is obvious that such a system, in which each company differs only in namo from its progenitor nnd its little hrotliors and sisters, could havo no permanent financial basis, and that it one caVd of the structure mm uij>i>uu uui oi cue perpendicular, sue whola edifice must come tumbling down, just as happened with our land banks and land companies. According to the Investors' lieview, the most prolific of these London Trust com panion rejoices in the grandiose name of the Trustees', Exocutors' and Securities Insurance Corporation Limited, and as a sample of tho methods pursued by the Trust companies the following extract from the articlo alluded to above will prove interesting and instructive, even to our land boom financiers-:—" Confining tile " attention to Trusts more or less closely " linked in fortune to tho Trustees' Cor- "poration, let us pass noxt to tlio South "American and Mexican Company. " This was not ostensibly lloated " by tho Trustees' Corporation, hut by the " well known city firm of .Marietta and 'Co., whoso 'dumping ground' it was ""from- the first- most irreverently termed "'by the wags of tho Stock Exchange: ""It was of the stereotyped character, with " the £2000 founders' shares, taking half " profits aftor 7 per cent, lind been paid " upon the remainder of the £1,500,000 of " capital issued. On this capital, founders' "and ordinary, only £3 per share was " called up. At best the shares must " therefore bo of tho nature of highly " speculative investments. Nevertheless, " tlio shares are all powerful on tlio share " list under tlio leadorsliip-of tlio Trustees' "'Corporation. No Jess than £185,000 of " the capital was distributed in sums " of £14,360, or £14,370 among the " directors of the Trustees' Corporation, " and held by tlicm jointly with the " general manager thereof. This is cxclu- " sive of £30,000 hold directly by tho r!)i10S/ivn+SA»i v 4-rv/kl f /l ml £11 ft flfifi Itswlfl Kir ItilUll) Uiiu I1UIII IJJf " its deputy chairman. Of the remainder " the distribution was equally curious, and "as the Adam's Court linn of C. de ' Murietta and Co. Limited was just at " the end of lost year 'absorbed' by this " South American and Mexican Company, " it is of interest to point out that tho " members of the old Murietta iirm are " down on the list for £195,000, and some "'contractors dependent on them for " £80,000. The Bank of Constantinople "holds £6000, presumably in pawn ; La "Compagnie Com nicrcialeFrangaisc, £8000; " the' International Investment, £10,000 ; " the Industrial and General, £40,000 ; the " London and Now York Investment, '£5000; tho Manchester Trust, £8000; V two members of tlio old firm of Baring " and Co., £15,000 in their joint names ; " and the United States Debenture Cor- " poration, £10,000. In nil, ivcll on to " £1,000,000 of the total capital created is " distributed thus, or among the hold-to- "soll-at-a- prolitelass-of private persons, or " among dependents of the uiidonvrit- " ing companies." It will he noticed that- iii this company there are £2000 founders' shares, taking hnlf profits after 7 per cent, had liceu paid on the remainder of the capital issued. These founders' shares are an admirable invention of alio Trusts. Willi a nighty speculative management the possibilities of such an issue-are unlimited, as was proved in tiie case of the Trustees' Corporation. Origi nally of the nominal value of £1000, con sisting of 100 shaves of £10 each, those founders' shares now figure for £1,000,000, half in " preferred " and half in " deferred " stock. By hold and skilful finance, com pany promoting, loan underwriting and other operations, the Trustees' Corporation wns ahlo to pay 21£ percent, to its ordinary shareholders in the second year of its exis tence. A division of profits took place after 7 per cent, was paid, and £60,000 fall that year to the lot of the £1000 of founders' shares ! In all those peculiar financing proceed ings tiie outside public did not take any great part. But it wns nepessnry to lug bon&Jidi; i investors in by hook or by crook, and tiie Trust directors sought- and found an' ingenious bait. For, while the British public,' after many years of bitter .experience, ,1ms ' learnt ' to look with .-suspicion ' upon shares, they 'liayo also learnt to appreciate "debentures" diid " porpotual debenture stock " which have asoundofsecurity. Accordingly, theTrusts have, issned bonds bearing this name. A list givon in Hie Investors' lieview of a dumber of these companies shows that no less than £12,500,000 of debentures and debenture stock havo been created by tho companies mentioned in that list alone. Tlio Trusts not only issue " registered " and other so-called " dohon- ".tnres" of their own, hut .some of tlicm do a great business in the manufacture of dchoutnrcs for other concerns, whereby, whoever else may go unsecured, they manage to obtain a first and often an all- embracing hold upon the business. These debenture mortgages are in their essential characteristics scarcely distinguishable front-, bills of sale, hut have tlio advan tage over 'the modern hill of. sale that the dee'd creating tlicm can .generally UO Kepi, secret. rue niiarun of the Trust companies holong, as wo havo seen, for tlio most part either to other Trusts or to speculative adventurers, but the debts of the Trusts have been con tracted cliielly with bond fide investors, .and these persons have, as a rule, no .means of .knowing where their money has .gone until some bankruptcy occurs nnd tlio whole scheme is laid haro in court. It as intolerable that such a system of secrecy .-should 'he allowed to continue, and there is considerable agitation in London financial circles for sonio protective legislation. Confiding anil unsophisticated investors ought, to lie protected, and common fail- dealing demands that directors who liold scats at the hoards of half a dozen or more. of these tentacle companies should he obliged to divulge their ways of disposing of tiie investors' money. ' If wo are to believe the Investors' lieview, the whole system threatens to bring ruin some day jipon many innocent and too confiding people. We arc Buffering ourselves from just such a faulty systom of finance, although it cannot compare either in magnitude or ingenuity with the Trust epidemic. Thcro is ono and only one remedy for all tho evils accruing from those secret systems, anil that is the most complete publicity. Our legislators when they refuse to protect tlio Press against f 'blackmailing libel notions, not only assist thedishoiiosO spccubitornml ml venturer, bu t perpetrate an absolute .injustice upon tlio public, whose interests they are scut to Parliament to protect. 