Friday Evening, Seven O'clock. President Signor, , De- Doinimcie-Toati. — Most honourable, gentlemen, the. discussion ib opened, upon this thesis,— (reads from the idhr -hundred una -inintty-Eet.tndv; ;number of "La Capitale,") — " Signor Franceeco Soiarelli, Evangelical Minister, will give a public lecture in which he will show by arguments drawn from the Bible and the Holy Fathers that St. Peter never was in Rome." I pray you, most honourable gentlemen, not to give expressions either of approval or disapprobation, that the debate may proceed with order and tranquility. Gavazzi. — Gentlemen Presidents, permit me a word ! As we are here convened not for a wordly or theatrical end, but for a religious one, I think that we should begin with prayer ; and . since no one can forbid that prayer which Jesus Ohrist taught us, I would beg of the President that some one 1 should commence with the Lord's Prayer. This no one can forbid. Canon Fabinni says that it is to be sup posed that every one has already prayed privately, and that he does not see the neces sity of doing it in public. President De Domincis-Tosti. — The neces sity of this praying in public does not appear, every one does it for himself ; besides in this we must proceed according to ihe stipulations agreed upon between the partieB, between the Presidents. Prince di Carnpagnano wishes to say that time can be given that every one may offer up a prayer inwardly, before commencing the discussion. This timo having been given, the President, De Dominic:?- Toeti, calls upon Senor Sciarelli to read his paper. Sciarelli. — Gentlemen, I should very wil lingly have resigned to my honourable col leagues, more experienced than I, the honour of developing tho thesis which is to form the subject of our discussion, if in the conditions of dobato previously settled it had not been resol'-ed that I must do it, as being the per son by whom the discussion itself was pro posed. Confident, therefore, not in my abilities, which little avail, but in the undeni able and irrecusable character of the proofs I shall employ, I am here before you, gentle men, to show tho falsity of tho Roman Catho lic belief with regard to tho arrival and ponti ficate of St. Peter in Rome. All that Catholic theologians have hitherto asserted with regard to snch a belief, may be summed np in theBe words : — St. Peter came to Rome in the second year of the reign of Clandins ; that is, in the forty-second of the vnlgar era ; here he held the pontificate for twenty-five yearB ; and here was martyred in the year 66, in the time of tho Emperor Nero. Now, against thiB belief, I ehall prove that St. Peter did not come to establish his See in Rome from 42 to 46 of the vulgar era, and that not having come daring this time he could not have held the pontificate here for the space of twenty-five years, nor here have suffered martyrdom in the Bame year of 66 in the time of the Emperor Nero. We are well convinced and persuaded that St. Peter could not have come to establish his see in Rome in the second year of the reign of Claudius, that is, in the forty-second of the vulgar era, for the following reasons. According to the most accurate and most accredited calculations, and according to the results obtained in his investigations by the very learned Roman Catholio Ellendorf, Professor in the University of Berlin, the conversion of St. Paul must have taken place in the thirty-ninth year of the Christian era. Now in the Epistle which this Apostle wrote to the Galatians, it is said, Gal. i. 15-18 : — " But when it pleased Him who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me by HiB grace to reveal His Son in me, that I might preach Him among the Gentiles, imme diately I condescended not to flesh and blood, neither went 1 to Jerusalem to the Apostles who were before me ; but I went to Arabia, and again I returned to Damascus. Then after three years I went to Jerusalem to see Peter, and 1 tarried with him fifteen days." (This quotation is according to the trans lation of Monsignor Martini, from which I take every passage of the Bible, in order that doubt or misunderstanding may not arise.)# Three years, then, after his conversion, that is, just in the year 42 of the vnlgar era, St. Paul went up to Jerusalem, and for what ? To visit St. Peter. This Apostle, therefore, in the second year of the reign of Olaudius, that is, in the forty second of the Christian era, had not yet come to Rome. But it may be said, " Perhaps be came immediately after the visit paid to him by St. Paul." Let ue see. In the book of the Acts of the Apostles after this same voyage of St. Paul to Jerusalem is named, this iB said : Aots ix. 31-35 : " Now the Church had peace through out all Jud sea and Galilee and Samaria, and was edified, walking in tho fear of the Lord, and was filled with the consolation of the Holy Ghost. It came to pass that Peter, as he passed through, visiting all, came to the saints who dwelt in Lydda. And ho found there a certain man named Eneas who had kept his bed for eight years, who was ill of the palsy. And Peter said to him, Eneas, the Lord Jesus Christ healetb thee : arise, and make thy bed. And immediately he arose. And all that dwelt at Lydda and Saron saw him, who were converted to the Lord." St. Peter then, after the ApoBtle St. Paul had left Jerusalem, began to go about every where, and thus he came to Lydda, a qountry town eight leagueB distant from Jerusalem. How, therefore, could he have come to Rome immediately after the viBit paid him by St. Paul ? But perhaps he came later, that is, after his stay in Lydda. Let us observe. In the same bock of the Acts of tbe Apostles, As far as possible to meot this view of Signor Soiarelli, all his quotations of Scripture are given i iu.English, not from the Authorized Version, but from tbe Douuy. it is written, Aots xi. 36-43 " And in Joppa there was a certain disciple named Tabitha, whioh by interpretation is called DorcaB : this woman was f nil of good works and almsdeeds whioh she did. And it oame to pass In those days, that she was siok, and died : whom when they bad washed, they laid her in an upper chamber. And forasmuoh as Lydda was nigh unto Joppa, the disciples hearing that Peter was there, sent unto him two men, desiring that he would not be slack to come unto them. And Peter rising up went with them. And when he was come they bronght him into the upper chamber ; and all the widows stood about him weeping and show ing the coats and garments which Dorcas made them. And they all being put forth, Peter kneeling down prayed, and turning to the body he said, Tabitha, arise I And she opened her eyes. Seeing Peter she sat up. And giving her his hand he lifted her up. And when he had called the saints and the widows, he presented her alive. And it was made known throughout all Joppa, and many believed in the Lord. And it came to pass that he abode maDy days in Joppa with one Simon a tanner." (To be continued.) 