fjfemperanee jjfewa. GUILD OF ST. JOHN BAPTIST. Procession and Sermon at West Tebbace. On Sunday afternoon last the members of the Guild of St. John the Baptist assembled at the Guild Room, West Terrace, and thence formed a procession to St. Patrick's Church. The Guild Band headed the procession, playing sacred airs, the members of the Society following two and two, wearing their red Bashes, and Father Healy bringing up the rear. The church was full, there being a large congregation in addition to the members of the Guild, attracted by the announcement that Father Williams, of Port Adelaide, i was to preach. His Grace the Archbishop attended, and in addition to Father Healy and Father Williams already mentioned, the Very Rev. ArchprieBt Nevin and Father Cosgrove were also present. Arrived in the church, the members sang "A Hymn of Repentance," after which Fatheb Williams ascended the pulpit and preached a very impressive sermon on "Intemperance." The rev. preacher said the associates of the Guild of St. John the Baptist were assembled to commemorate in anticipation the feast of their patron saint. They were banded Good Cup of Tea sh together for a glorious object, not only to work out the salvation of their own souls by following the principles which they professed, but also by their example, advice, and influence to forward the salvation of others. They were banded together to war against a vice which was filling the world with sin and misery, and daily ruining thousands of souls—the vice of intemperance. What were its effects 1 Man was crested for a noble end, that he might fill the place of the rebel angels. He was made to the image and likeness of God. That image consisted in the soul of man, the memory, the will, and the understanding, that he might know good from evil. He was given dominion over every other creature, and was destined to enjoy eternal life in the Kingdom of God. How did intem perance injure man in the powers of his soul 1 When he allowB this degrading vice to get a mastery over him, he loses that reason which, as Solomon said, makes him little less than the angels. It destroys in him the image of God, deprives him of memory, understanding, and will, which distinguish him from the brute creatureB. The drunkards dishonor the Heavenly Father whom we addreBS daily in the Lord's Prayer. They dis honor the Son of God, our Divine Redeemer, who calls us His brethren and members of this mystical body on earth. They defile the temples of the Holy Ghost. In the sacrament of baptism, our bodies were made temples of the living God. If man only reflected on his dignity, and the intimate relations which he bears to the three persons of the Blessed Trinity, he would never give way to this debasing vice. Man must attend, not only to saving his own soul, but must co- operate in the salvation of others. He must love all men, but especially his parents who gave him existence. But filial reverence is past where the sin of intemperance takes hold, for the man who has no regard for God wiil have none for his fellow-men. Then, when he takes a partner for life, the dreadful effects of this vice become more apparent. He would appeal to their own experience. The wife who gives herself as his faithful partner to work out their salvation together, and bring up the children , which may be entrusted to her in the love and fear of God, is doomed to a life of wretchedness and woe, and often of sin. In the drunkard's home everything shows signs of misery. The children, and oftimes the mother, give way to intemperance. Thus are gaols and hospitals filled. The drunkard becomes virtually a self-murderer, and shut3 him self out from the mercy of God. What were the best means to combat this great enemy ? In the pulpit, the press, and on the platform throughout the world attempts were being made to put it down. There were societies like their own banded together and working for the same noble purpose all over the world. Some might jeer at them, but they knew in their heart of hearts that they were right. Some contended that total abstinence was nowhere inculcated in Scripture, but this waB not the fact. It was recommended in several places in the Old and Hew Testament, and the patron of their Guild—St. John the Baptist was forbidden to take wine. It might be said that moderation was sufficient, but there was greater safety in total abstinence, which put it out of their power to fall'. As to the means, they must first of all be men of fervent prayer. Every Christian should be a man of prayer. " Without me," said Christ, " you can do nothing." Never let a day pass without addressing them selves to God—Our Father Who art in Heaven ; thank Him for favors bestowed morning and night. This was the Chris tian day. Frequent the Sacraments of Penance and the Holy Eucharist. Never allow a month to pass without fulfilling this sacred duty as required by your Society. These sacraments contain the strength of which you stand in need. Let no excuse come between you and your conscience. There was one more matter which, though last, was an important one. Attend the meetings of your Guild regularly. Do not say, "Oh, it is not necessary for me to attend." It waB necessary. By meeting together they were rendering each other mutual comfort and assistance in their warfare against in temperance. Let them keep themselves together aB one compact body, and their example would influence others to join. They would renew their pledges that day as called on by His Grace the Archbishop. They would renew them with earnestness for the honor and glory of God, and with His help and under the glorious patronage of St. John the Baptist they would keep these pledges, and God would watch over them and reward them with eternal peace, whioh He had promised to those who re mained faithful to Him. His Gbace the Abchbishop said that in renewing their pledges they were not contracting any new obligations, and the spirit of the Church in this matter was followed in civil life. In case of war the soldiers renewed their declaration of allegiance to the sovereign, and the members of the Guild in renewing their pledges were only repeating their deter mination to adhere to the obligations already : incurred. A great deal had 'been done by their' organisation, towards personal sanctifioation ; but; there were ould use " EMPIRE some things which, as their chief pastor, he was not pleased with He always spoke to them plainly. One thing was essential, and should never be neglected, and that was attendance at Holy Mass on Sundays and Holidays of Obligation. Some would say they were pressed for time and could not attend. That he denied. To meet the convenience of those who had to work on holy days Mass was celebrated at 6 o'clock in the morning. It required some little sacrifice to attend, perhaps ; but it was as easy for them to rise early as for the priest. Then there was the neglect to attend the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament in the evening. Next to the Holy Sacrifice itself, nothing tended to the greater glory of God than the Benediction. St. Bernard used frequently to walk seven miles to assist at Holy Benediction. The next Saturday would be the Feast of the Sacred Heart, the great privilege of this diocese over and above the Australian churches. There woidd be High Mass at the Cathedral. He would have it in the Cathedral instead of St. Patrick's this year, as a rebuke for their coldness to Blessed Sacrament. Let no member pass without thinking of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament, where He was waiting in the Tabernacle for all who wished to approach Him. Those who attend the Sacraments on the Feast of the Sacred Heart would receive continual blessings. The same privileges would be extended to the Sunday of the Octave. The members then renewed the pledge to abstain from intoxicating liquors, in honor of the thirst which the Sacred Heart of Jesus in dying on the Cross. His Grace repeated the pledge, the members of the Guild following him. The ceremony concluded by singing a hymn to the Sacred Heart. 