'Why Did He Love nr? ~-4 CHAPTER XXXII (Continued). " Ha t Miss Carrie, you here? but I sup. pose the news of last night's escapade brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the affair, for I am told he was opposed to the marriage. I can't see why, for Philip Vane is an elegant and clever young fellow, and the heiress hasn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind was probably no clearer on that score than on others, or he would not have opposed her wishes.". "I cannot agree with you, doctor. I think the objections of Mr. Fontaine were well founded," she coldly replied. "I did not come over on Savella's account, but to remove Ioola to the Vale. I am sorry to say that she has been attacked by illness, broughton, it seems, by the scent of the fresh paint upon the house. Mr. Summer ton gave her such remedies as he consi dered necessary, and she is much better; but I shall be glad if you will go up and see her before you leave." "Of course; such Eases are not uncom* mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tem peramenit. But I must first go in and see how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallo. cination he labours under, and I almost despair of dispelling it." "Is it even so!" said Miss Carleton, with a slight shudder. "Is there no hope for him u".i . . .. . .. n see none, for ther'iis a cause for thespecitalillusion in this case-a fatal cause, which medical skill can never re* move.' Their eyes met, and both felt that the other knew what the dire cause was. She presently asked: S"Can I not see him! I do not wish to speak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as tohis condition.' : Ican easily manage that for you. Pass through this window,' and remain in the library while I am with him in his own apartment. I have had a curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him ir ritable to have some one always in sight. You can shelter yourself behind it and look on him while he talks with me." While he was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw up the sash of the win' dow. Cesar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise as he recognised Miss Carleton. She motioned to him to re* main silent, and passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. \- Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a position as to enable her to look into Fon taine's apartment without being herself seen. He was sitting with his face turned to ward her, holding a fragment of paper in his hands, which he nervously turned from side to side, rolling it up.and smoothing it out alternately, as if unconscious of what he was doing. The crimson cushions of the large chair on which he sat threw out hisnstatuesque head,0with its clearly cut features, now nearly as colourless as inarble itself. His large black.eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze. dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice: " Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to con vince myself that you are real. I am so haunted by phantoms that I cannot distin guish flesh and blood,from them unless I touch it." "I, at all events, am a substantial en tity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit any of my.friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied? At first it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; " he has brought others with him. He was the dead demon; but he has called others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard III. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into the days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside the couch of Brntus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi l' Ah I it was death that met him there; but my i familiar gives me no such welcome warning." "Why should you wish to die, Fontaine! Youn have much to live for," was the sooth ing reply. S"Much, much-yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mecy to me to die. If I could wipe thisred stain from my hand, I might clasp one that could drive every evil from me; but it deepens, it darkens with every hour, doctor, Oh! murder isa fear fol crime; and he "who commiits it merits death. I had ratherpaythat penalty than live'tloelife to which I am doomed." "iThen you are tired of being shut up here? If 'you wish it, I will permit you to walk tout ddaily... You need not go be* yond your own grounds." Fontaine slowly shook his head,. "No,Sinelair; I will not make a spae tale.of myself to my own people. Besides, the phantom forbids that; he is standing between as now, andhe frowns even at the proposal from you. No-these rooms shall become my living grave for I will not go beyond them." " We shall see when the spring weather comes. It is cold now,, and it is well for you to stay in doors." "OnceI breasted the storm and defied the wind; now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breath. Binclair, who is behind that curtain? I feel apresence there that wafts sweetness and comfort tome. Who is it?"' He half arose as if to approach the shaded door, but the physician placed his hand upon his arm, and said: '" A friend of yours is there, but she did not intend to intrude upon you. Would it please you to see her You are so calm to day that I think her visit will not harm you." Fontaine sank bak, and in an excited whisper said: .:,Bringher inl I know-I knowwho it must bse." ADr Binolair went to the acurtain, drew it aside, and led 'forwadi the womain who hid watched and listenied with her heart upon her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her with his usual stately elegance, but when: she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: "'You have come to the lost one, Carrie You might have saved me, if Idared to lay the burden of my sin upon your innoesnt heart. But I could not--I could not; and andnow I am dsmon-haunted, while my angel is fur from me. Ah I there it is now -gliding between us with its deadly breath -chilling me to the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair hastened to support him to his seat, and alter slew moments he became more com posed. Hiss Carleton gently asked: "Is there no other one you would like to see, Mr. Fon tainse One you hasve dearly loved would be made happy by being admitted into your presence again." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to ?- considering the meaning of her words. Fresently."' as"Us fleas and said: " Yes, yes-I rmember. 'I called her my child; I loved her as such; but the demon forbids me to do so any longer. He com mands me not to look upon her, and I dare not disobey him. 'But you can take my place. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as'she might have been to me, buhot for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her again; her presence is op. pressive to me; and-and-now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go sway, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolical power over you that he has over me."' He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Miess Carleton glided from the apartment, carrying with herthe painful fear that Claude Fontaine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as she might require during her stay. The carriage was sent back with this: and unable to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushing her, to the earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than once the cry came to her lips: "Oh, would that the right was mines to be near him for ever-for ever"l' CHAPTER XXXIII. NEzws FRO oEOROLc. As the dinner hour drew near, Miss Carleton returned to the house and went up to Isola's room. She found her sitting up in bed, while she read George Berkely's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her' eyes sparkled with her usual animation. Miss Carleton had recovered outward composure, and with her usual affectionate kindness she said: "I see that you are agreeably employed, soI will leave you to the enjoyment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you before he left. I suppose he has been up." "Yes--he came with Mr. Summerton; but Iwassleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Senora was here just now, and told me that he said I had been extremely ill, but I am now doing well." "He approved of Mr. Summetton's treat. ment ?" "Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Isola's re covery. She lingered long enough to ar range her dress, and then left the girl to read again ths letter which contained so much that was precious to her. Dhring the months that had elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life.. All his true qualities arose before her in vivid contrast of Philip, and the warm friendship she had cherished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could implicitly trust that honest nature, and give him that entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus "St. Petersburg, "November, 15, 18 "My Beloved Isola:-Your precious letterhas just reached me. It gives me the right to address you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest it shall be my sweetest care to prepare for her. "My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef. ness had not opened for me. I will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, and I feel the sweet assurance that I can make your hap piness, as you will mine, in the future which looms before me bathed in the rosy hues of love. "But I must not fill my letter with pro testations which you do not need, to assure you of the depth of my affection for you. That, you know, is indestructible as life itself. I have become that important per. sonage to the home circle he has left be hind him-a traveller in foreign lands; and my communications will have especial in. terest from a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as Russia ! therefore I must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. "I have now been in St. Petersburg several weeks, and we have weather to which our keenest mountain breeze is com parative summer. "Our. ambassador has been received by the Emperor, and his subordinates have, with him,'attended a court ball. There I had thehonour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever seen. " Nicholas is a magnificent man, and as courteous as he is handsome. He was sur rounded by a brilliant group of officers who had distinguished themselves in his ser rice. "Among them was a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, for he was not more striking in his appearance than many others near him. He wasa middle-aged man, with hair sprinkled with grey, and the expression of one who has suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment; all of which had been merged in the philosophic determination to make the most of whatHeaven spared from the wrecked hopes h'e had left scattered upon his life-path. ' I inquired who he was, and learnel SIthat he is an Italian of the name of Poun taui, who for many years has been in the employment of theEmperor as an engineer. His services have been rewarded with the title of Baron and a large estate near hoe. coir; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to tne triumphs he has gained. But he soon retired from the gay scene, in which he only eppeared at the command of his master. " It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd of lovely and richly-dressed women, at-. tended by cavaliers in brilliant court col tame. j"It was late when we made our congO; in my sleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fel low attachi, and myself; the night was en chanting; the moon was shining with a Instre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden tirning, our sleigh came in contact with another approaching from the opposite di rection. The collision was so violent that one of our horses fell in the traces; but the fery steeds of the other sleigh swerved to one side, dashed forward, evidently unman ageable by the driver, who had been par taking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad dicted. "A gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught his foot in the leopard skin with which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such a position as so be in danger of having his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suo ceeded in holding them in till Brinsley and the driver could come to oiy assistance. "The check enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himself from his perilous position. He spoke to the horses, and they stood docile and obe. dient to his voice. He thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we .hould accept seats in his vehisls since ours was disabled. He said: " Iam Baron Fontani, and I am on my way to the palace to lay before the Em psror some despatches which have inal an. roved; but I pledge mysele nos to detin V you many moments, and I will then set you down at your own hotel.' "Of course we accepted his offer; and d taking, the reins in his, own hands, the , Baron bade his driver remain with ours p and aid him in every possible manner. ' " After a brief interview with the Czar, d he returned to us, and soon set us down at v our own door. On parting from tohe he o gave me his card, and requested me to call I on him on the following day. I, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. " At as early an hour as I hoped to find d him free to receive friendly calls, I went to a his palace. He met me with his kindness; c was pleased to exaggerate the service I had rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as if he had been a friendj of long standing. " "The Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in the United States. Many portions of the country in. terested him deeply, especially the moun tain scenery of my native state, with which he seemed familiar. He showed me ' Jeff erson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that he understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke to me in French. " He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist; and among them I found a picture of thie ale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said: " I was induced to take that because the name is nso nearly my own. Do you know of such a place in your native State?' "I told him all about the place and the connection between its owner and my family. I cannot describe to you the in terest with which he listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine-his habits, his peculi- 1 arities; and when I had finished my de scription, he said: "'From your account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that he has never married ?" " I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the pro. bable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: "'Is there no other cause.for that sad ness? It seems to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' "'He had much to sadden his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad story about Henry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said: If your friend was guiltless in that affair, why should he cherish the feelings you have described 7 I am afraid there is a dark stain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as you would have me believe it.' "Forgive me, Isola, for repeating his words to you, for we know how pure, how noble Mr. Fontaine is-how far above any temptation to crime, and such crime as this 1 "I speedily disabused my new friend of this idea; but he has shown the interest he takes in the subject by frequently referring to it when we meet, and the mystery of Henry Fontaine's fate seems to possess as etrong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of your father. "I have not yet told him of you. I do not know what feeling withheld me; but I am a jealous miser, who hoards his happi ness in his own heart as too sacred to be shared by others; for in this I am not ex. pansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around me. To the working-day world I give my energies; to you, the consecrated dreams of love and hope. "I have a miniature of you which I pilfered from Fanny, and in my solitary hours it is my constant companion. I yearn to return to you, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would not ap. prove of it just now; so I- must curb my impatience, and prove myself worthy of the happiness that awaits me. "Adieu, my precious love; let your heart rest on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. '" GEBooEc BEaxT." Isola folded her letter, and laid it upon her pillow, with a sweet smile upon her lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to his noble heart and shield her from the storms of life. (To be continued.) 