ACROSS CAR ADA. THROUGH THE LONE WEST. A Huge Plain of Corn Land. Farming in the Far-off North-west- Steam Machinery— Beautiful Snow — Rndyard Kipling Describes His Rido on the Cana dian Faolflo. Rudyard Kipling writes for an American journal under date Vancouver, May 9 :— "Five days ago there wasn't afoot of earth to see. It was just naturally covered with snow," says the conductor, standiug in the rear car of tho Great Northern train. He speaks as though the snow had hid spmething priceless. Hero iB tho viow : One railway track and a line of staggering tele graph poles ending in a dot and a blur on the horizon. To the left and right a sweep, as it were, of tho sea— one huge plain of corn-land, wailing for the spring, dotted at rare intervals with wooden farm houses, patent sclf-reupers and binders, almost as big ab the houses, rioks left over from last year's abundant harvest, and mottled hero and there with black patches to show that the early ploughing had begun. The snow lies in a last few streaks and whirls by tbe track ; from sky line to sky lino is black loiun prairie grass so dead that it seems as though no one year's sun would waken it. This is the granary of the land, where the farmer who bears the bur dens of the state, and who, therefore, ascribes last year's bumper crop to the direct action of the M'Kinley bill, has also to bear the ghastly monotony of earth and sky. He keeps his head, having many things to attend to, but his wife sometimes goes mad, as the women do in Vermont. There is little variety in nature's big wheat- field. They say that when the corn is in the car the wind chasing shadow waves across it for mile on mile breeds, as it were, a vertigo in those who must look and can not tarn their eyes away. And they tell a nightmare story of a woman who livod with hnr husband for 14 years at an army post in juBt such a land as this. Then they were transferred to West Point among tho hills over the Hudson, and she came to New York, but the terrors of the tali houses grew upon hor and grew till she went down with brain fever, aud the dread of her delirium was that the terrible things would topple down and crush her. . This is a true story. they plough with steam. They work for harvest with steam ploughs here. How could mere horse's face tho end less furrows? And they attack the earth with toothed, oogged and spiked engines that would be monstrous in tbe shops, but here ore only speckles on the yellow grasB. Even the locomotive iB cowed. A train of freight cars ia passing along a lino that comes oat of the blue and goes on till it meets the blue again. Elsewhere tho train would move off with a joyous, vibrant roar. Here it steals away down the vista of the telegraph poles with an awed whisper, steals away and sinks into the soil. Then comes a town deep in black mud— a straggly, inch-thick plank town, with dull red grain elevatorB. The open country refuses to be subdued even for a few score rods. Each Btreet ends in the illimitable open, and it iB as though the whole houseless outside earth were racing through it. Toward evening under a grey sky flies by an unframed picture of desolation. In the foreground a farm waggon almost axle deep in mud, the mire dripping from the slow turning wheels as the man flogs the horses. Behind him on a knoll of sodden, soggy grass, fenced off by raw rails from the landscape at large are a knot of .utterly uninterested citizens who havo flogged horses and raised wheat in their time, but to-day lie under chipped and weather-worn woodon headstones. Surely burial here must bo more awful to the newly-made ghost than burial at sea. There is more snow as we go north and nature is hard at work breaking up the ground for the spring. The thaw has filled every depression with a suIIod, grey-black spate, and .out on the levels the water lies Gin. deep in stretch upon stretch as far as the eye can reach. Every culvert is full, and the broken ice olicks against the wooden pier guards of the bridges. Somewhere in this flatness there is a refreshing jingle of spurs along tho cars, and a man of the Canadian mounted police swaggers through with his black fur cap and the yel low tab aside, his well-fitting overalls and his better set up back. One wants to shake hands with him because he is clean and does not slouch or spit, trims his hair and walks as a man should. Then a Customs house officer wants to know too much about cigars, whisky, and Florida water. Her Majesty the Queen of England and the Empress of India has us in her keeping. Nothing has happened to tho landscitpo, and Winnipeg, which is, as it were, a centre of distribution for emigrants, stands up to her knees in the water of tho thaw. The year has turned in earnest and some body is talking about the "first ice- shove " at Montreal, 1300 or 1400 miles east. montreal piety. They will not run trains on Sunday at Montreal, and this is Wednesday. There fore the Canadian Pacific makes up a train to Vancouver at Winnipeg. This is worth remembering, because few people travel in that train and you escape any rush of tour ists running westward to catch the Yoko hama boat. The car is your own, and with it tho services of tho porter. Our porter, seeing things were slack, beguiled himself with a guitar, which gave a triumphal aud festive touch to tho journey ridiculously out of keeping with the view. For 28 long hours did tho bored locoinotivo trail as through a flat and hairy land, powdered, ribbed and speckled with snow, small Btiow that drives like dust Bhot in the wind— tho land of Assinaboia. Now and again, for no obvious reasons to tbe outside mind, there was a town. Then the towns gave place to Section So and So ; then there were trails of the buffalo, wherb he once walked in his pride ; then there was a mound of white bones supposed to belong to the said buffalo, and then the wilderness took up the tale. Some of it was good ground — very good ground — but the most of it seemed to havo fallen by tho wayside and the todinm of it was eternal. At twilight — an unearthly sort of twilight —there came anothar carious picture. Thus : A wooden town shut in among low, treeless, rolling ground ; a calling river that ran unseen between scarped banks ; barracks of a detachment of mounted police, a little cemetery whore ex-troopers rested, a pain fully formal public garden with pebblo paths and foot-high fir trees, a few lines of railway buildings, white women walking up and down in the bitter cold with their bonnets off ; some Indians in red blanketing with buffalo horns for sale trailing along thu platform ; and, not ten yards from tho track, a cinnamon bear and a young grizzly stand ing up with extended arms in their pens begging for food. It was strange boyond anything that this bald _ telling can suggest ; opening a door into a now world. The only commonplace thing about tho spot was its name — Medicine Hat — which etruclc one instantly as tbe only pos sible name such a town could carry. no pen equal to the task. The next morning brought ue the Cana dian Pacific railway ds ono reads about it. No pen of man could dq juBtico to the scenery there. The guide books struggle despcratoly with descriptions adapted tor summer reading of rushing cascades, lichuned rock, waving pines and snow- capped mountains, but in April these things are not there. The plaoe is looked up— dead as a frozen corpse. The mountain torrent is a boss of palest emerald ice against the dazzle of the snow, the pine mumps aro capped and hooded with gigantic mush rooms of snow ; tho rocks are over laid fivo feot deep, the rockB, the fallen treos, and tho liohons together, and the dumb, white lips curl tip to the track cut in the side of tho mountain and grin tliero fnngod with gigantic icicles. You may listen in vain there when tho train stops for the least sign of breath or power among the hills. The snow has smothered the rivers, and the great looping trestles rnn over what might bo a lather of snds in a huge wash- tab. The old snow near by is blackened and smirched with the smoke of the loco motives, and dulness is grateful to uchtng eyes, Bat the men who live upon the line havo no consideration for these things. At a baiting place in a gigantic gorge walled in by the snows one of them reels from a tiny saloon into tbe middle of the track, where half a dozen dogs are chasing a pig off the metals. Ho is beautifully atid eloquently drunk. Ho sings, waves his hands, and oollapses behind the shunting engine, while four of the loveliest peaks that the Almighty over moulded look down upon nim. Tho landslide that should have wiped that saloon into kindling basmisscd itstnark and has struck a few miles down tho lino. Ono of the hillsides moved a little in dreaming of the spring and caught a passing freight train. Our care grind cautiously by, for the wrecking engine has only just come through. Tho deceased locomotive is standing on its head in Boft earth 30ft. or 40ft. down tho slide, and two long oars loaded with shingles are dropped carelesaly atop of it. It looks so marvellously like a toy train flung aBide by a child that one cannot realise what it means til) its voice cries: "Anyone killed?" The answer comes back :' "No ; all jumped," and you will perceive — with a sense of per sonal insult — that this slovenliness of the mountain is an affair which may touch your own sacred self. In which case the train is out on a trestle, into a tunnel and out on a trestle again. It was here that everyone began to despair of tho line when it wus under construction becanso there seemed .to bo no outlet. But a man came, as a man always will, and put a descent thus, and a curve in this manner, and a trestle so ; and behold tho line went on, story of tiie canadian pacific. It is in this place that we heard the story of the Canadian Pacific railway told, as men tell a many times repeated tale, with exaggerations aud omissions, but an imposing tale none the less. In the beginning, when they would federate the Dominion of Canada, it was British Columbia who saw objec tions to coming in, and the prime minister of those days promised it for a bribe an iron hand botween tidewater and tide water that should uot break. Then every body laughed, which seems necessary to the health of most big enterprises, and while they wero laughing things were being done. The Canadian Pacific Railway was given a bit of line here aud a bit of a line tliero, and almost as much land as is wanted, and thu laughter wns still going on when the last spilTe was driven botween east and west at the very place where tho drunken niun sprawled behind the engine, and the iron band ran from tideway to tideway, as the premier said, and people in England said " how interesting," aud proceeded to talk about the " bloated army estimates." Inci dentally the man who told us— he had noth ing to do with the Canadian Pacific railroad — explained how it paid the lino to encourage immigration, and told of the arrival at Win nipeg of a train-load of Scotch orOfters on a Sunday. They wanted to stop then and there for the Sabbath, they and all the little stock they had brought with them. It was the Winnipeg agent who had to go among them arguing (he was Scotch, tuo, and they couldn't quite understand it) on tho impropriety of dislocating the com pany's traffic, So their own minister held service in the station, and tho agent gave them a good dinner, cheering them in Gaelic, at which they wept, and they went on to settle at Moosomin, where they lived hap pily ever afcerward. Of the manager — the head of the lino from Montreal to Van couver — our companion spoke with rever ence that was almoBt awe. That manager lived in a palace at Montreal, but from time to time he would sally forth in his special car and whirl over his 3000 miles at 50 miles an hour. The regulation pace is 22, hut he sells bis neck with his head. 1' ew drivers carod for the honor of taking him over tho road. A mysterious man he was, "who carried the profile of the line in his head," and, more than that, knew inti mately the possibilities of baok country which he had never seen or travelled over. There is always one such man on every line. You can hear similar tales from drivers on the Great Western in England or Eurasian stationmasters on the big North Western in India. union with unolf, sa8l Then a fellow traveller spoke, as many others had done, on the possibilities of Cana dian union with the United States; and his language was not the language of Goidwin Smith. It was brutal in places. Summarised it came, to a pronounced okjeotiou to haviug anything to do with a land rotten beforo it is ripe, a land witli 7,000,000 negroes yet unwelded into the population, their race type unevolvcd, and ra: her more than crude nations on murder, marriage and honesty. " We've picked up their ways of politics," he said, mournfully. " That comes of living next door to them, but I don't think wo'ro anxious- to mix up with their other messes. They say they don't want us. They keep on saying it. There's a nigger in the fence nomewbere or they wouldn't lie about it." "But does it follow that they are lying?" ' " Sure. I've livod among 'ont. They oaa't go straight. There's some — — fraud at the baok of it." From this belief he could not be shaken. He had lived among them— perhaps had been beaten in trade. Let them keep to themselves and their manners and customs to their own side of the line. This is vory sad and chilling. It seemed quite otherwise in New York, whore Canada was represented as a ripe plum ready to fall into Uncle Sam's month when he should open it. The Canadian has no special love for England : the mother of colonies has a wonderful gift for alionating tho affections of her own household- by negloot— but per haps he loves his own country. Wo ran out of the snow through mile upon mile of snow ehods, braced with 12in. beams and planked with 2in. planking. In ono place a snow- slide had caught the edge of the shed and scooped it away as a knife scoops cheese. High up tho hills men had built diverting barrieis to tarn tho drifts, but the drifts had swept over everything, and lay 5ft. deep on tho top of the sheds. When we woke it was on the banks of the muddy Frazor river, and tho spring was hurrying to meet us. The enow had gone ; the pink blossoms of the wild chrrant were open, the budding alders stood misty green against the blue-black pines, tho brambles on tho burnt stumps wero in the tenderesl leaf, nnd every moss on every stone was this year's work fresh from tho hand of the Maker. The land opened into clearings of soft, black earth. At one station ono hen had laid one egg, and was telling the world about it. Tho world answered with a breath of the real spring— spring that flooded tho stuffy oar and drove us out on the platform to snuff, and sing and rejoice, and pluck squashy green mursh-flags and throw them at tho colts, and shout at the wild duck that rose from a jewel-green lakelet. God be thankud that in travel one can follow the year. This, my spring, I lost Inst November in Now Zealund. Now I shall hold her fast through Japan and tho sum mer in New Zealund again. Hero are the waters of the Pacific, and Vancouver (completely destituto of any decent dofenccs) grown ont of all knowledge in the last three years. At tho railway wharf, with never a gun to protect her, lies tho Empress of India — the Japan boat— and what more auspicious name could you wish to find at the ond of one of the Btrong chains of empire? 