THE THEATRES. ALEXANDRA THEATRE The Siiakcspereaii Friday evenings of.tlie^ Alexandra: Theatre are attracting more attention \- : from - -:lovera - of .high-clas3 -.playa. Mr. T. R. Treolar appeared as- •" Hamlet," and he is; the: 'first-sVictorianiinatiye' who: has-assmned this character. Mr. Treolar has 'appeared. :in- Biillarat'inost successfully. asr'-Hamlet," . ( /:Romeo,-' ' c MacbethJ" ^'Sbylock,"and-:"Riclielieu.-'';Hiiiv«locu- ) tionary powers are of a very lugli - order .andlus \- acting i of the impassioned - parts rcpea-. bedly drew little rounds of approbation; :: As antAnstraUatt Mr. Treolar idoes:-much credit'; to his country, and he has a promising field before him. • His: -mad: moods , wore partieularly . finely enacted-,• 'and -ithe ;;-melancholy: Dane did not suffer aught at liis hands Miss Rose -Dampier: again-played " Oplie lia," the daiighter of Polonius. This young lady proved 'herself possessed ,-of: very nice :voice, -judging from /.the briefsnatches of song rendered m her mad scene; 1 Miss Roseif lias: e\idently :read" the part well: and;giv.en:a.inostiCareful;attention to effect m even tlie most nimute detail. - TO; say that her rendering is clever is to do her scant justice. Attired. in : the - orthodox classical costumes; she looks as well as acts the character, rising to positive excellence in the more stirring mad and hysterical parts. The latter-were. rendered-as' iff from he actual open, book of Nature. Miss Rose rDampieiv: although having;.only: appeared: three .-:times- in Shalvespereaii p.irts, dwplays - a- ieener - intelligence '.afl to the iTOxrious-mceties-than ;do many jactresses^wlio lllivc l)('.en plii.yiiig Slm]LC:ip(^are ior yeiir.-! Mr. . Sdboet Vernon's-;;f„ r -^^ClaudiuSj'feEm- gsofi Denmark; the murdered louig's toother,: was ery good impersonation of a'disigreeable part- Other good parts .were sMr. Palmer's; Polonius," -"Mr:. Atholwood's " Horatio," Mr. .Rolfe-s ^ Laertes," and Mr. Harford's Krst ..Gravedigger."' Mias Julia Merton deserves a word of praise forher-"Ger- trude," Queen of Denmark, and-she very cleverly displayed her maternal anguish wlien" Hanilet wrung licr lieart-striiigs in the iindiiight scene wherein lie- upbraids her for faithlessness to his fathe*. Mr. Hoilowav's " Ghost of Hamlet's Father " was a lnc'ely drawn part, well voiced and acted with becoming ghostly dignity. The scene in which the strolling actors appear in play before t-lie King and Queen, affords Hamlet a splendid opportunity, of .detecting jiis uncle's guilt, and in tlus Mr. Treolar shone. 