8ELE0TEP POETBV. A Golden Wedding Day- Otm weddinK d»7. my dear old wif© J Our old, old wwi'hujf day ! IV bolb bnO aouilivr lifo Joet fifty jear tbie May ! For fifty jpara wo »id© by eide, ' Ilavo built our wedded patt— Breasted tho nireatu, and atommod the tide— - And here wc are at last ! \ V|Your wcddmjj (fuwu won stiff brocade; '.m . Jfour bonuet lare and wide ; With droopiurpluuio acrosait laid— The quaiuteat little bride ! And aa within the holy place You stood by me «o still, And pureed your »oli<u>u baby face, Out c&tno; the bol i " I will Life was a gay, uut#Ud tluojf ; A new, unbaudb'd toy ; And wedlock but a wedding ring To at. tbo irirl and boy. But yet, while lookiug o'er the to ad, Whose etorm mud aires we know, T talco your baod aud say, " Tinuik Ood For fifty year ugo !" Inadequacy. Tlio basic, the liended knee, ilia ery With eager youth's ideal warm, The ead love i>- tbo Master' eye That followed the doparttugform ; Floo ardors quenched In cautioo onld, Pare dreams that never dawned again— A picluro here, to thrall aud hold The Hooting memory of meu. 0 weak and melancholy doom. To bia young heart's bright festival To bid fair guests and not find room, For the most gracious guest of all. To hail tbo Holy, greet the J u#t, To aak and crave, and still not etay, Wistful and fr»nk to almost trust. Yet pass to gilded want away j O boundless misery, dismal fate Of minds that «u)f but half subdue, To reach, of life, the gate, And valor lack to venture through j To cheat the infinite desire, To halt nod falter near the goal, To kill tbo spirit'" mounting fire, To savo the shadow, lo«© the >ou) ! A story old, yet vital now The virion and the voice abide, A beckoning shape with star bright brow Travels our paltry lives beside; A volue that clear, persistent, low, ' ooiiiy pprxUH'ics, ana lingers ,vn s, Broathes where th- ghosts of beauty grow From color, inu-ic, murblc, song; . Calls In blue mom's bird echoing air. Murmurs atnnl the twilight pmos. Whispers in sighing streams, aud where The rosy globs of sunset shines; | Speaks from shy blooms in spring that Wo.V, , From tbo still etars that beam above. From lights in conquering eyes that glow. And the strong© charm of woman e J©©, For duty's self forgetfol palo, For stainless thought, for sendee high, Still pleads the urgent inward strain While One like God seems gliding by. But wo, indifferent, deaf and blind, In mean, contented ways drift on- Some moment a u >-liall start, to find The voice hu»b"), and the pilot gone. 