\- TaMe Talk ; ; ; The debate on Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's want of confidence motion was ended, as the resolution was tabled, by a surprise. Sir Bryan consulted no one when last Wednesday week he startled the House by informing the Government they could take his resolution, as they liked it. Mr. Thomas Bent, who has been not inaptly described as the Sir Toby Belch of .the Victorian Parliament, consulted only his own inclination, " when I ope my mouth let no dog bark, when; he suddenly put the question before any member had time to move the adjournment of the debate. The unexpected appeal to a decision resulted in Mr. Tucker and his following supporting the Government and thus saving the Ministry from defeat. * # * It must be confessed that the Opposition managed very badly. Before Sir Bryan O'Loghlen threw his bomb the intention of the parties: hostile to the Government waB that Mr. Tucker should- move a resolution of want of confidence and that Mr; Mclntyre should second it. Mr. Gillies had consented to take a secondary position, and Mr. Deakihj! though willing to support the Opposition, had resolutely declined- to aoaept'l office. The subsequent;) ' caucus meetings resulted in Mr. Gillies being, appointed to take the lead, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen being allowed to move his resolution." Some debate ocourred as to who should second it. Mr. Tuoker was wanted to undertake the task, but he and his following oouid not come to terms with Mr. Gillies; " Someidiaoussionensued, and, finally, - Mr. Riohardaon under; took the task, providing that he had not to make a speeoh, Mr. Deakin being persuaded to undertake that duty. The Tuoker Party, though not coming to terms, promised to support a motion for the adjournment of the debate. . The delay. in the negotiations, it oould hardly be' termed a hitoii between Mr. Tuoker and Mr. Gillies was the unexpeoted strength of Mr. Tucker's following. The ultra Conservatives gofit into their heads that : Mr, . / Tuoker was a red-hot democrat, and thai) he led only some half-dosen Ministerialists who were disap' pointed at the little Mr. Shiels and Sir Graham Berry had done for the working man. ' As a matter of fact, 'Mr. Tuoker, though a thorough'Liberal, has always kept olear of olass legislation, and he not only influences Ministerialists, but the best of the right head Oorner Party. This policy rather than the personnel of a new Ministry was the subject of discussion at the caucus meetings, but Mr. Tucker wanted the right of nomination to more portfolios than Mr. Gillies, or rathei" his party, were willing to allow. The broad outline of a new programme was too simple to create any difference of opinion. Retrenchment that would really save, money, local loans, and the construction of l'ailways and public works on an economical scale, touohing those only whioh would give an immediate return, were points that no one oould dispute about. Taxation was left in the baok ground, but all parties were agreed that the iluanoial scandals must be promptly cleared up by Crown prosecutions. . * * # The scene in the House last Tuesday was one well worth viewing. The benches were full, and despite their effoi'ts, members oould not look calm. The Premier was positively quivering with exoitement, and Sir Graham Berry kept changing his attitude and assuming different expressions of resigned martyrdom just as if he were testing whioh pose impressed the spectators most. The other occupants of the Treasury benoh looked careworn and dejected, with the exception of Mr. Duffy, who always has the abstracted gaze of a man thinking out an impromptu pun. Mr. Trenwith satin the pose whioh is believed to illustrate the phrase, "the ..old.guard dies, ..but never surrenders," but whioh his opponents desorxbe as having the "stufBing taken out." - Mir. Tucker was insorutable, wearing that '^tip-tilted" expression of consciousness that everybody was gazing at him. Mr. Richardson made; a very fair attempt • to pose as a respeotable commiserating1 angel; and Mr. Graves was more or less Maohimvellian. On the Opposition side, Mr. Gillies sat firm and impassive, with his underlie slightly thrust-forward ill away which all physiognomists believe to indioate determination and aggressiveness. Mr. Campbell struggled hard to rally against physioal depression, and Mr. Zox looked painfully serious. Mr, Harper sat correct and demure as a pattern boy at aohool, a favourite attitude of his,whioh imtfites tne: sfceotator, who oannot help surmising that Mr. Harper oloses his eyes to murmur to himself that he is not like other men. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen looked, and probably felt, as if he had his wig on and was addressing the jury with law, and evidence in his favour. i 7 'u ■ * « The speech whioh Sir Bryan O'Loghlen made roads muoh bettor than it sounded. There is a tradition that at some period of his existenoe the learned .baronet was intended to be a flnanoier, and to qualify him for the position his people apprenticed him to a London stook-broker. He certainly is very quick at reckoning discounts, interests ana { commissions. He certainly does know how to arrange figures, with telling effect. - Speaking of the HWet blanket", polioy of the Government, he asserted that Viotoria was the wealthiest country in the : world oonBidering it's size. As a faot, he said, there were in the. banks of greatest standing 480,000,000 dh deposit and 410,000,000 on current aooount, In the savings banks there were .£6,000,000, and there were also millions looked up in financial institutions now in process of liquidation. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen wants a Government that will tide over the depression by retrenchment and moderate borrowing on the security of improved land. He says the present Ministry "considers as long as a native bear up a gum tree, and is as hard to move." He finished up by telling the Premier that if he wished to know the real feeling outside the House, he should remember what occurred on the evening of the mayor's banquet and the cold reception the Treasurer received the same night at Geelong. Mr, Shiels was evidently greatly excited when he rose to reply. He jumped about, swung his arms round, spoke rapidly, digressed, for the sake of introducing metaphors, and so far forgot Parliamentary usage as to point at members and refer to them by name, instead of as the honourable member for this or that constituency. He astonished members by sitting down because his speeoh was not listened to in respectful silence. Mr. Shiels' explanation that he sat down " as the most significant way of dr awing attention to the chorus of interruptions" was not relished by the Speaker, who rejoined that if the Premier sat down again he would rule that he had completed his speeoh. On resuming after dinner the Premier was calmer, a circumstance perhaps attributable to the faot, then known, that Mr. Tucker had not come to terms with Mr. Gillies, and he oonoluded his address with only a few distinct perorations. m * ■ m Thh whole gist of the Premier's reply was that, . granted he ana his oolleagues had not done well, no one else oould do better, and that the reason why they had done badly was beoause the Opposition jeered at them, and would only tell them of the mistakes they made without showing them the right way to do things. Mr, Shiels seemed as surprised to learn that he was aocused of having intrigued to put the Gillies-Deakin Ministry out as members were to hear that " for six weeks before the fatal vote" Mr. Shiels had " lifted his voice loudly to aave them from their enemies." « • - « Nine motions of want of oonfldenoe, or their equivalents, from Corner members, 215 columns of Hansard from Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and 155 columns from Mr. W. T. Carter formed the gravamen of the Premier's oharge against his critics. Yet with all their prolixity there are some Government supporters'who nave wasted more time. Neither the member for Port Fairy nor the member for Williamstown have talked as futiley at the House and to their constituents as Dr. L. L. Smith, Mr. Trenwith, Mr. Salmon and a dozen others. Why should Sir Bryan O'Loghlen be accused of an "undisciplined obstinacy > of political intellect." Mr. Shiels wanted to know what would be the result of the Opposition Coalition trying to get their bulky forms into the olothes of the Ministry, and Mr. Williams solemnly ejaculated " ohaos," but Mr . Molntyre turned the laugh when he rejoined, "Like the Premier's metaphors/ It is not in the nature of the Premier to restrain his inclination for metaphor, and so he went on to say that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen preached the doctrine of " Borrow, spend. Borrow at low. rates, borrow at high rates, box-row at any rate,'.'and then he said . " with every deliberation," that the. policy of lavish borrowing spelt out ruin and "eventually sponge, . " X)o you mean repudiation," sharply interjected Mr. ~ ^Harper, but the Premier paid no heed tothe'ques"tion. Mr. Shiels sought to justify hie floating of the ' -Treasury bonds for .£1,000,000 by saying he : got ; >85,295 more for them than the bankB offered, quietly .ignoring the fact that if he had closed with "the banks the country would not have lost £35,000.; . If i s a. poor- thing when after nine months of office with a free hand, the Premier has to. quote ill-informed .London newspapers for testimonials of ability.^ Mr Shiels and Mr. G. Downes Carter were bound to have an exchange of repartee. The Premier commenced " by saying that Australia would garner i its biggest wool, clip this year, whereupon Mr., G; D.-Carter ■aid, "which will be sold at the lowert price ever . obtained." The Premier, was so put out: that he .complained. to the Speaker about the "storm of undignified interruptions." This episode somewhat marred.the effect of the statement that Australia (not Victoria alone) would receive £28,000,000 for wool, and £7,000,000 for grain this year. ■ # * : # r . Mb. Bealcin's first business* when he rose to speak .to Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's motion was-to restore members, to good humor, the Premier's personalities i and scoldings having imparted considerable acerbity • into the debate. His allusion to the " flout of the i ' . familiar petticoat" and the curtain lecture they had *just endured raised a hearty laugh,; for Mr. Shiels has always been regarded as a lady-man, " uncertain, coy, and hard to please." Then he criticised : with trenchant force the inconsistencies of the \ Government policy, and the failure of the Ministers .to understand their own measures. His speech lasted barely an hour, but every sentence told. He -pointed out that the work of the session would not :be wasted by a change of Government, and he wound -up. by saying that if the session closed without anything further being: done to secure a strong minority i '.' honourable members would be able to inform the oountry that they had evaded and avoided the great -questions they were sent there to solve, that they had left land and wealth untaxed, while they had heaped taxes on the poor, and-they would be able to show a statute book containing plenty of penal legislation, but no remedial legislation. • • • ...The news that the Government had forced a division, and gained by a majority of 13 votes, ..spread with wonderful celerity through the city on Tuesday- night, and the general opinion was that • some bungle had occurred, owing to the alliance of \- • .' Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. At the Bijou Theatre, where \- Mrs. Brough's benefit performance had attracted an unusual number of influential professional and commercial citizens, the expressions of disappointment "at" the defeat of the Opposition. were universal, and ' th'e following day everyone in the city was talking ~about the smartness of the Speaker in. closing the \- '.debate, and the incongruity of a Government going into recess after a division which practically signified that it had no longer the confidence of the ■ House. ,--.i •- • The Opposition and the country recognise so clearly that the present Ministry is incompetent to ' carry on the business of the oountry that Mr. Shiels \- and his colleagues will not be permitted to go into recess without one more effort to form a strong .Government, which will have the capacity to administrate the affairs of the State and the confidence of the country in its policy. : Dubino the last recess Mr.' James Munro •"jumped" the Agent-Generalship, and Mr. Shiels' •lesson in financing through the tuition of fi'iendly , bill brokers lost the oountry £35,000. Burihg the ; impending recess it has already been decided to Jperpetrate the job of Bending Mr. L. L. Smith to Lon' don as' the Viotorian representative at the State ' opening of the Colonial Institute. Can Sir Graham • Berry and Mr. Shiels be trusted to settle the question'of the Agent-Generalship, and to supervise the Srosedutibns xn connection with the financial soanals ? Will they carry on public works and railways . • economically ana profitably f • . 1 '.. - ■;*' : , The labour question in Australia was the subject of an important leoture delivered in the Athenseum Hall, by Mr,.Bdmund Mitchell, M.A., on Wednesday , evening, Mr. Mitohell was for many years a.leader ..writer on the Glasgow Herald, and subsequently on i the, Times qf India, the leading Caloutta newspaper. From India he oame to Melbourne about three years ago, and he was speedily engaged as a leader writer on the Age.;,l: He resigned that position .to become . . organising secretary of the Faatoralists' Union, and . in conjunction with Mr. Twopenny,, the late editor .of the Otaga Timet at> Bunedin, he established the -. Auitralian Taaioraliatt' Review. ,, Mr. Mitohell, as previously stated, resigns hiH position as.secretary next month in order , to travel through China and Japan previous to visiting Chicago, where he will officially represent the Viotorian woolgrowers at the World's Fair. From thence he will proceed to London* as if ' his novel, to be published in Australia next January, is a success, he intends , to devote his time entirely to literature. The lecture, which, was delivered before a large audience of exceptionally representative gentlemen, proved interesting and instructive- Mr. Mitchell s style is clear and incisive, sacrificing picturesqueness to hard facta and stern logic. He is the uncompromising opponent of " New Unionism," and believes that- the labour problem must be solved by the gradual development or evolution of social life. He states that there are not more than 25,000 trades unionists in Victoria, not more than 70,000 in all Australia, and these men he holds are the dupes and victims, of scheming agitators who have lived upon the subscriptions of working-men. In 1890,. he stated, the Shearers' Union paid .£8792 lis. 7d. as salaries, and one official of a union, which had collected J>50,000 during the past three years, " whose . original occupation was the mending of boots and shoes, was forced to admit that he is now the owner of 150O acres of land." Mr. Mitchell believes in the eight hours' system as the voluntary standard for a day's work, but he will have no hard and fast law on the matter. Neither will he have a fixed uniform, rate of wages and work, compulsory arbitration, " money-hunting leaders," anarchists who preach confiscation. under thinly veiled disguises, or "shallow-pated politicians who cannot see a fool in front of theii noses." . Trades unions, in his opinion, should be friendly societies, and their watch word " Labour with Capital." A party of tradesunionists led by Mr, Hancock, the ex-member for Collingwood, created many interruptions during the lecture, as was ■ only natural, considering the decidedly aggressive -propositions and language of the lecturer. At the conclusion of the lecture Mr. Hancock moved a resolution disapproving of the lecturer and his opinions, but the chairman, Mr. R. Murray Smith, declined to put the motion. • # • It is evident that the Pastoralists' Association of Victoria anticipate a stormy time, for they have appointed a secretary to succeed Mr. Edmund Mitchell, who is quite as militant. Mr. John Mair, who was selected out of more than 500 applicants for the post, which is worth .£500 a year, was formerly one of the leading members and at one time chairman of the Employers' Union. He commenced life as an operative, but for some years was the head of a firm of boot manufacturers in North Richmond. He was one of the first to fight the boot-makers' union, and triumphed after a long and desperate struggle. When the Employers' Union determined to fight out the question of " freedom of contract" in 1890 over the maritime strike, Mr. Mair was one of the leading speakers at the famous meeting of employers at the Athenteuin Hall, Collins- street. * * # The installation of Bishop Dawes to the bishopric of Central Queensland has been definitely arranged for November 30, St. Andrew's Day, at St. Paul's, Rookhampton. The amount of the endowment fund has been over subscribed, chiefly owing to the exertions of the Bishop of Brisbane. This makes the fourteenth diocese in Australia now under the jurisdiction of the Primate, who, it is probable, will assist at the installation of Bishop Dawes. • Two of the Kilburn sisters have settled in Adelaide at the invitation of Bishop Kennion. A shop has been opened in a suitable locality, where articles will be retailed to the needy at reasonable prices* They will also adapt themselves to the exigencies of the people for the establishment of a restaurant for cheap meals for the unemployed working man, of work-rooms and the giving out of work, and to the conducting of a ladies'college on church lines for higher-olass education. « * # Some good people m Victoria, whose ideas appear to a writer in the Sydney Daily Telegraph to have been born before their time, are orying out for a " model" newspaper in the shape of a religious daily. The only answer vouchsafed to them so far is, "Remember the Daily Telegraph," A still more crushing rejoinder would be " Make your religious weeklies pay before you seek to incur the infinitely larger responsibilities which a daily would entail, for it is a root, account for it as you may, that there iB scarcely a religious paper published in Australia that is making anything like a fair return to its proprietors," That there would be the ghost of a ohanoe of a religious daily succeeding is difficult to believe. The melancholy history of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph is a oheok upon suoh optimistic leanings. Though not strictly a religious daily, it was run by religious people in the interests of religion, Certainly it accepted theatrical advertisements and reported race meetings, the b&te; noir of newspaper reformers, which was not the fault of the proprietary, but of the religious public, who failed to answer expectations by guaranteeing an alternative income. The standing oomplaint was that the paper was not up to expectations, but it never seemed to strike the grumblers in search of an exouse that their support could alone enable the paper to reach their ideal. In fine, it was the old story, true to-day as ever—that the only people who know how to run a newspaper are unfortunately out of the business, and with no idea of entering it. People who cry aloud for religious dailies should remember that business is the first prinoiple of success with newspapers as with all else that is earthly, and that if thoy saok to establish ideals they must : bo prepared to nourish them with praotioal sympathy, or they will fade away like a vision. Boiwbm. 