CHAPTER II. it was a curious little encampment, in tbe vicinity of an old welL Near it stood a horse in hobbles, looking around with a contempla tive air, as if he were accustomed to a oountry in which it was easier to think than to feed. A little further on stood what at first glance looked like an irregular sort of tent. It was a cart covered with a large discoloured tarpaulin, held down with stones at the baok and sides. ; In front it was fastened baok on each side of the shafts. Close to the cart a wood fire was smoulder ing. Between the fire and the cart an elderly man was sitting on a low three-legged stool | before an empty deal case turned upside down. He was smoking a pipe with a long many jointed stem, and dealing out a paok of cards in two heaps. He was under the shade of a group of sandal-wood trees on the bank of the creek, jret his soft felt hat was pulled so low over his eyes that as Viotor approached he oould see little of the man's faoe. Neither did he seem to notice the Bound of the horse's hoofs. Victor halted within a few feet of the fire, expecting that the solitary smoker would look up. But he went on dealing out the cards in unbroken silence, so engrossed in his occupa tion that he seemed oblivious of the rider's presence. "Good-day, sir. May I come in?" said Viotor at last, riding a little nearer, Tbe man did not start, nor show any appear anoe of surprise. Holding the oards he had in his right hand fanwise, and pushing his hat baok a little, he looked at his visitor. " You may come under such shade as there is, certainly, young man; but to ask you to come in is beyond my power." " But is it agreeable to you that I should come under tbe shade ?" " Agreeable is a comparative term." " Ah, I see, you really don't want to be in terrupted. Well, please excuse my intrusion." "Intrusion? Notabitofit! Come under the shade and have a pannikin of coffee. By the way, do you like coffee?" " Oh yes, very much," said Victor, who was really loath to go away without having some talk with this ecoentrio recluse. At the first glanoe he did not look very much unlike tbe ordinary bush labourer. But as soon as he spoke it was evident that he belonged to a different class. " I cannot offer you a chair." he said, after Victor had dismounted and fastened his horse to one of the sandal-wood trees; " and I fear there is a slight weakness in one of the legs of this stool. But I ought to have a box some where equal to your weight." He dived in under the cart and brought out an empty kerosine case, on which Victor seated himself, with an apology for the trouble he gave. " It's no trouble at all," returned his host. "In fact, I should probably not give you a seat if it involved any trouble. If you'll excuse me for a few moments I'll finish this game with Jack." " Jack ! where is he?" said Victor, looking round with surprise. "He is not visible to the material eye," answered the man gravely. " He formed my acquaintance shortly after I dropped out of the ranks. I think be had some vague idea of setting up in the ghost business ; bub I didn'b approve of that line, so I adopted him into the bosom of the family, so to speak. He plays a very good game in his own way—a very good game indeed." He went on smoking and dealing out the cards very slowly. It was apparent from the heaps already on the table, and the number still in his hand, that there must be two packs of cards required for the game that " Jack" played. Victor watched its progress with great interest, pleased with the thought that he had by chanoe come in contact with one of those solitary men who are sometimes known in the Australian bush as "real characters." " By the Great Llama, Jack has won !" said the player, as he faced the last card. " I hope that does not mean you lose a great deal?" "Well, perhaps not. It just means that I may go on to Colmar to-morrow; that is, Sunday. I made a bet with Jack on the subject." "Sunday? No—to-day is Sunday." " You muBt be mistaken." " Indeed I am nob. Yesterday was Satur day—to-day is Sunday." The man with a perplexed look counted on his fingers. JVionaay l gave up iossicxiug; xuesuayx came here; Wednesday I went to the little shanty at Starvation Creek, where they sell grog on the sly: Thursday I returned with a furious headaohe and a few brioks for the pavement of hell; Friday I went across to see Van Diemen's Nick; and Saturday, thatis to day, I sank an experimental trenoh till 3 o'clock, and broke a shovel. In faoe of suoh an alibi, how can you explain your method of counting the days ?" "Perhaps you will be angry at my explana tion," said Victor, laughing. "Anger is a moral luxury in whioh I have long ceased to indulge. Let us have your ex planation." " The next time I get drunk it shall be with those who have the fear of God in them. That carries my opinion of the alibi." The man's faoe Blowly relaxed into a Bmile, and he looked at hiB visitor with some interest. " You young rascal!" he said, in a tone of amusement; "you think because you get tipsy yourself with boon oompanionB that a man of my standing indulges in the same weak ness. . . . Perhaps you are right about the day. I suppose you've lived all your life in plaoes crowded with the human species, where you knock every day into hours full of appointments, with men who cheat you and women who deoeive you. I slung up that form of being happy.many years ago." "And the meantime you lose a Sunday occasionally, and find Jaok stealing a march on you. But do you think he won this game fairly, seeing that to-morrow is Monday!" said Victor, who longed to glean more information regarding the habits of the partner who was not visible to the material eye. But the man did not at once reply. He went to the fire, and pushing the smouldering sticks together till they burst into a flame, he put a oopper saucepan half full of ooffee on the fire. Then he produoed a seoond pannikin and handed it to Victor nearly full of that beverage, very strong and of excellent flavour. " Did you see any one at work on your way here," he asked, as he relit his pipe and re sumed his seat. " An old man, for instance, with a battered profile, as if people had been shying stones at him for half a century ?" "I saw no one since I left Oolmar till I came j here." ' "What! did you oome from Colmar, from the Mine?" "Tee; I'm living there at present; I'm purser at the Mine." "The purser? By Jove! you don't look much like it." " I give you my word that I can add two and two at the first shot," said Victor with a smile. "Oh, I don't doubt it! But why a young fellow like you ehould be at the Colmar toothers me. I ehould have thought you would at least be feeling pretty down on your luok, instead of which you go about with violet eyes, and a smile that embraces all creation." 'It must be your very good coffee that's tllooki " • getting into my head if I look so benevolent." "Ah, you find the ooffee good? I'll give you the recipe for making it. Get the best Arabian beans; green, mind you. Boast them till they are quite brown, but not black. Then take two handfuls and bruise them be tween two stoneB. Put that amount to two pints of water in a copper saucepan, and let the water oome to boiling point slowly without the lid. That's the way the M'zabites of El Aphouat made coffee when I lived in Sahara for some time several years ago. But now tell me about the Colmar. Who is robbing that Mine now for the shareholders!" " No one, I hope," answered Viotor. " Do you know much about the place?" " I lived there six or seven months some time ago." " Oh ! I wonder if you are the man Searle spoke about ?" " By the name of Oxford Jim ?" "Yes." "The same? HasSearle gone away?" "Yes; I came in hiB plaoe." " And who ie the Manager now ?" "Mr. William Trevaskis." " You don't mean that ? said the man with a start. " William Trevaskis, eh! The last time I had the honour of seeing him he was rolling to Government House m a oarriage lined with violet velvet, or something of that kind. Baok to the old life, eh ? Well, that is a piece of news !" " But how is it you didn't hear it before, ; living within ten miles of the Mine ?" " Because I have for the last three months been not living, but hiding, like the modest peony, burrowing little shafts, turning over gravel drift in dry tributaries of the sandy BroombuBh Creek, most of the time two miles from here, where no man comes. _ Excepting Van Diemen Niok—my friend with the bat tered phiz—I have not spoken to a soul for eleven weeks till you came to-day." "For eleven weeks entirely alone 1 Why, it's like solitary confinement!" said Victor, looking round at the eerie desolation of the great neutral-tinted plain, whioh, in the declining light of the afternoon sun, assumed more and more the look of a limitless ocean, without sound or colour or movement. " Yes — solitary confinement with hard labour thrown in. And yet most likely six months from this, when I am spending my nuggets, eating the husks which the swine did eat, I shall be sorry I left the Saltbush ooun try." "Your nuggets? Then you have found gold?" "Oh, a little more than the oolour," answered Oxford Jim, with a satisfied laugh, and glancing behind him under the oart. Victor lookedjolso, but all he could see were a few ordinary digger's toolB, a roughly oon struoted cradle, a shovel or two, a piok( and two ruBty dishes. But somehow the conviction grew on him that the solitary proBpeotor had turned up trumps. "Yes; a little more than the oolour," he went on, still smoking. His pipe had a very deep bowl, and the smoke, whioh asoended in blue spiral columns, seemed to Viotor to have an aorid odour foreign to ordinary tobaooo. "But what is gold to a man like me, an exile, an outcast, with a hateful past and no possible future; with every ohanoe in life ex hausted, every avenue dosed ? Some one says that each man bears his own tragedy about with him. I know what mine is well. A vague look had come into the man's eyes, but there was a sort of mild exaltation in his face, and notwithstanding the melancholy despair of his utteranoes he seemed to find a certain enjoyment in giving them expression. "You are too much alone, you are morbid in consequence," said Viotor, who was touched by the thought of the man's dreary isolation. " Morbid ! Good Lord ! what oan make vou as morbid as your fellow-creatures, when you begin to undertand them ? Snakes and dingoes and lizards are amiable sentimentalists in com parison with the bulk of mankind." Victor could not refrain from laughing. "For my own part," he said, "Ishould like to be spared the amiable weakness of a carpet snake!" ".Ob, as for that, a oarpet snake is a harmless worm compared to your own kind of both sexes. He does not oome to you with a smiling face till he gets a good opportunity to sting you. Ab, you may smile; you'll find it out for yourself one day. Now, take that man Trevaskis as an instance. I worked with him for a year and a half fifteen years ago. He was making money fast, and had thousands of pounds invested. I said to him one day, 'I wonder why you keep on working like this when you have so much.' "' Oh,' he said, ' I made up my mind when I was quite a boy that I would make enough money somehow or other to live like a gentle man, and I mean to do it. None of your poky, stingy little incomes, but something substan tial and handsome." " Poor old chap 1 it's rather rough on him to have lost his money, after all." -"Yes; but my feeling is that, on the whole, it served him right," said Oxford Jim vin dictively. "When he said that tome, I said half jokingly,' Wouldn't it be a good thing to learn to speak like a gentleman, BUI, before you come on the stage as a man of money and fashion?' He took up the idea quite seriously there and then. ' Suppose you give me les sonB,' he said, ' in pronouncing and writing? I'U pay you weU for it.' I didn t want to make a money affair of the matter. Indeed, I thought it would drop through in a month or so. But no, he was too determined j I never saw a man that stuck to any plan in all my life as he did, once his mind was made np. Every evening dnring a whole year he worked away for hours like a nigger; and then he would get up by oandlelight and study again, writing out pages of dictation. Of course we grew very chummy in that time. I used' to vary my lesBons in pronouncing and spelling by telling him of the ways of living among the civilised races of the earth, developing his conceptions of society as if I were a sort of unedited Manual of Etiquette." Here the speaker suddenly burst into If you don't know much of the vagaries of bush life," he said, " this may serve as a speci men for you. A man of fifty-five who 'grubs about in the wilds as a labouring drudge, and has lived the life of a wandering savage, for over twenty years, can still give instruction in the social ethics of sooiety." He had ceased smoking, and his utteranoe was now a little heavy. "Then what was the npshot?" asked Victor "The upshot was that when I returned, after being in Afrioa and the East, some time ago, I drifted to Adelaide on my way to Blanche water. Five years ago I saw Trevaskis, face to face, in his rdleof gentleman; I, as usual, a poor devil in dusty clothes on the dusty highway, and—he cut me dead." Surely he couldn't have known you!" "Oh yes, he did ; I caught his eye. Well, I believe I'll take the change out of him yet. I'm at a loose end just now. I want to wait for an old friend of mine who is ooming down from the Far North. I might as well stay at Colmar—better than going to town, indeed. Ill most likely trundle across to- night or to morrow. You won't begone before then?" " Oh no. Yon see I have an interest in the Colmar Mine, and" " Oh, yon have an interest in it, have you ? Then just let me tell you a little eecret," said the man, with a sudden gleam of excite ment, overooming a drowsiness which began gradually to make itself apparent in his voioe and manner. " Searoh the caveroom welL" " Oh, it was well searched by the late Manager" "Dunning, the man who was killed, you meant Ah, £ know a little about the sort of search be was making. Never mind, you take my advice. Tell Trevaskis you met an old man prospecting out at BroombuBh Creek, who advised you to turn over the floor of the cave room, with a passage between it and the Manager's office. Don't tell him it was Oxford Jim who gave the advice, and don't let him eearob it alone!" " PerhapB we had better have a couple of policemen to look after us both," said Victor, in a jesting tone. " Oh no, you haven't been long enough in the world, or in the gold business, to aoquire the usual morals. . . . But there is a scientific classification of liars that I should advise you to keep in mind—the simple liar, the damned liar, and the mining Manager," answered the man sombrely. " Well, good-by! I expect I'll eee you again; though, I should do better to stay in the saltbush country than mix with the human race," he added, when Victor rose to go. The eun was low on the horizon as he rode back to the Mine, his mind full of speculations regarding the lonely prospeotor. How had he oozne to nave suoh a profound sentiment of the inutility of life, to be so penetrated with the oonviotion that henceforth nothing could change the course of his own existenoe, or make the world a fascinating plaoe to live in 1 The thought that a human being oould be so joyless and stranded, and perhapB, too, the solitary desolation of the country around him gave the young man an unusual feeling of depression. But as he passed Stonehouse a curious glow of gladness stole over him, and his ride appeared to him in the light of an interesting event, one that might lead to the discovery of an unBUBpected treasure. 