ST. BARNABAS CHURCH, SOUTH ARM. DEDICATION SERVICE. The auspicious weather yesterday was all that could be desired for the service of dedi- cating the pretty and commodious church, just completed for the residents of South Arm to worship in. The steamer Huon left the wharf at about 1.20 p.m. filled with pas- sengers from town, amongst whom were the Dean of Hobart, Archdeacon Mason, and several other clergymen. The run down was extremely pleasant, the water being calm, with scarcely any wind, and the genial rays of the sun throughout heightened the enjoyment of the short trip. On arrival the visitors proceeded ts the church, and the service commenced shortly afterwards, but although the building was crowded many were unable to gain admittance. The clergy who officiated were -The Dean of Hobart, Archdeacon Mason, Canon Finnis, and the Revs. C. R. Hall and R. Dixon. A form of special service, appropriate to the occasion, was used, and several hymns from Hymns Ancient and Modern were sung at intervals during the service, Mr. A. McIntyre pre- siding at the organ. The Dean offered up the prayer dedicating the church to the praise and glory of God, and afterwards delivered au extempore address, taking as his text the 22nd and following verses from the 11th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, St. Barnabas being set forth as an example well worthy of emulation. The preacher showed that although Barnabas had the fault of a too pliant character, yet his generous temper and kindness of heart, and being withal a man of much sympathy, and full of the Holy Ghost, he was such an one that his hearers could look up to with profit. Tho Dean said that like Barnabas, he and those who came with him were glad to be there to exhort and encourage those who had so well begun the good work that was manifested to them that day, and he trusted that they would hold fast to the faith and continue all good works, The service was very heartily participated in by the large congregation, and a very liberal collection was made towards the close. Tea was afterwards partaken of, provided by the ladies of the district, Miss Lillie Calvert and a bevy of fair waitresses assidu- ously attending to the wants of the numerous company. A sale of produce also took place, and many purchasers were readily found for such things as home-made bread, jams, jellies made only as South Arm ladies can make them. The church is a weatherboard building, 34ft. by 22ft., and built very substantially by Messrs. A, Tibbs and W. Jones, the architect being Mr. Huckson. The interior is lined with pine and varnished, and over the chancel is placed the words, .' Worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness," and "Holy, holy, holy" surmounts the window at the rear of the Communion table. The lighting has been well considered, and three mammoth lamps, hung from the ceiling, will perform that duty ade- quately. The entrance door looks out upon Half-Moon Bay, and the picturesque surroundings pleasantly impress the visitor with the beauty of the scene The committee entrusted with carrying out the building of the church are Rev, C. R. Hall, Messrs. J, Alomes, W. T. Calvert, J. Cal- vert, 0. G. Morrisby, R. Calvert, and H. E, Alomes (secretary and treasurer). The ladies of the district must not be forgotten for the zealous part they performed in the work, as much of the success achieved is due to their efforts, Altogether everyone is to be congratulated upon the very satisfactory returns for their labour of love and the dis- trict now possesses a building that will meet the spiritual needs of the district for some time to come. Tho return journey to town was enlivened by the singing of glees, rounds, etc, and a very enjoyable day was brought to a pleasant close shortly after 7 o'clock. 