WIT ANJ2_HXi MO (JR. A Recbuxt was brought up for medical inspection, and the doctor asked him : " Have you any defects " Yes, sir, I am short-sighted." " How can you prove it ?" " Easily euough, doctor. Do you see that nail up yonder in the wall ?" " Yes." " Well, I don't." Eveey one has his price, but brides are given away. A Divobcb Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. Thb grammar-school girl at the boardinghouBe may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A young lady attending a party should have a female chaperon until she is able to call some other chap her own. "Do you play the banjo?" "Not whan there are any people round." "Why not?" ' They won't let me." The coming woman will not many until she is able to support a husband in the style she has been accustomed to at home. " She has her father's eyes," said Chappie admiringly. "Yes," 6neered Miss Jeuus, and I suspect she is wearing her mother's hair." " Sea-sickness " ssvb a modern wit," is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but everyone has misgivings on the subject." Bridget, I cannot allow you to receive your lover in the kitchen any longer." "It's very kind of you, ma'am. but he is almost too bashful to come'into the parlour." The most graceful of domestic animals is the cat, while the most awkward bird is the duck," says an observer of nature; but it won't do to use these facts for a basis if you want to call a woman pet names. _ Tommy passed the parlour door just as his sister and her lover were concluding a conference about something, overhearing the remark " will put our heads together and see what we can do." Entering the library he heard his father remark of the spooning pair," They're a crack-brained couple anyway." " Guess they're all mended now, pop," said Tommy, " cause I just heard em* say they'd put their heads together.'* Doctob: "My dear Mrs. Quiverful, how could you bring out a young child on such a day as this? It's fifteen degrees below freezing." Mrs. Quiverful: '-'Ah, doctor, you will always have your joke. How can a child of this age possibly know anything about the thermometer?" INTHEDABK. The hall was dark. I heard The rustle of a skirt. " Ha, ha!" thought I, " I'll catch You now, my Dttle flirt." Softly I sallied forth, Resolved, when I had kissed her, That I'd make her believe I'd thought it was my sister. The deed was done. Oh, bliss! Could any man resist her? Apology was made— Alas! it was my sister! A.FTEB the Waltz.—The Gallant: "Really, I am intoxicated with your beauty." The Frank Girl: "Is that it? Mamma said she thought it was the champagne." A Quiet Instbtjkent.—"There," paid the toy man to Billie's father, " that drum's the finest in the market. It can't be best." "I'll take it. A drum that can't be beat is just the thing for my boy." Not Yet Despeeate.—Middle-aged Spinster (as tramp comes into the yard): " What do yon want here—anything to eat?" Tramp: "What else should I want, madam ? Did you think I came to offer a proposal of marriage?" He Was Included.—Dora: "I do adore dogs." Van Wind: "Aw, how lovely for me." " Why ; how so ?" " The chappies all say I'm such a deuced -clevah dog, don't you know." Miss van Dyke: " Don't you dance at all, Mr.de Witt?" Tom de Witt: "No. I have never learned how." Miss van Dyke: "That's nothing; lots of men dance who have never learnedhow." Cabbied Oot Instructions. — Mamma: "Johnny, see that you give Ethel the lion's share of that orange." Johnny: "Yes, ma." Ethel: "Mamma, he hasn't given me any.^ Johnny: " Well, that's all right. Lions don't eat orangeB." Pleasant fob Auntie.—Aunt Hepzibah: "•What a pretty gown you have on, Amanda!" Amanda (just from the City): "I.knew you would like.it, auntie. It's horribly vulgar and out of style at home, but I tola mamma it would be all right for the country. Lovely day, isn't it?" Hahey (at the ball): " You look bored and tired, old man." Jack: " Well, who wou'dn't. I've been swinging dumb belles all the evening." At a fancy-dress ball one evening, Diggs met a lady of his acquaintance most superficially attired in green gauze cut very decoletee. " What a bwiutiful costume. May I ask what you represent ?" " I am Amphitrite," replied he lady. "Ah, yes, the goddess of the sea. I see—at low tide, I suppose?" Two of a Kind.—" These trousers are very much worn this season," said the tailor, dis playing his goods. " So are the ones I have on," replied the poet, sadly. Mrs. Gayboy ^severely): " What time did you get home last night?" Gayboy (cautiously) : •'Oh, a little after dark." Mrs. Gayboy: 4 ' After dark ? Why, it was daylight when you came in." Gayboy: "Well, isn't that after dark?" Dr. Perkins Soonoveb was called on to attend Hostetter M'Ginnis. who complained of a pain in his chest. " That's dyspepsia you've got," said the doctor. " What does that come from?" "Dyspepsia? That comes from the Greek." he wasn't taking chances. The iron horse like lightning sped, O'er hill and valley swiftly fied; A couple, handsome and well-bred, Sat calmly reading side by side. The lady was surpassing fair, The gallant knignt was debonair, Theirs was the blithe and buoyant air Of youth and loveliness and pride. Then darkness came with ebon hue— A tunnel they were passing through; (A better chance not oft appears). Though pitchy darkness then they fiew Oh, golden opportunity! But did he steal a kiss" Not he, Oh. no; the reason was, you see They had been married several years! Tommy : " Ma, I wan't some lunch." ,Ma.: "You must wait awhile, Tommy. Hunger is the best sauce, you know." Tommy : " Then a boy that's starving, as I am, ought to be the F & ZW% I U N U F A ^ L L I ' * sauciest chap in the world.' Anxious Mamma: " Little Dick is upstairs crying with the toothache." Practical Papa: "Takehim around to the dentist's." "I haven't any money." "You won't need any money. The toothache will stop before jou get there.'' Angby Father : " How was it, young man, that I saw you kissing my daughter in the hall last night ?" Young man : " I suppose, sir, because you happened to be around just at the right time." " Ah, my friend, creeds are nothing. The sctions are everything. We judge a man by what we see him do." "Not always. There's the lazy m m, for instance. We judge him by what we don't see him do." Wife: " I found a woman's letter in your overcoat pocket" this morning." John : " It can't be. I—I " Wife: "It was the letter I gave you last Monday to mail on your way to the store." Ap-xeb listening to a Parliamentary candidate's fervid appeal, a shrewd old farmer was asked what he thought of the speech. His reply was simply, " Weel, I dinna ken, but I think eix hours' rain would ha' done us a deal mair guid." Hastee : " Whaur was the text to-day ?" Jock: " I dinna ken; I was ower lang o* gaun in." Master: " What was the conclusion ?" Jock: "I dinna ken; I cam'oot afore he was dune." Master : " What did he Bay about the middle o't, then ?" Jock: " I dinna ken ; I slepit a* the time!" 