,: • - THE / AFRICAN TSETSE FLY. • -J ■ The tsetse fly wgray, about the size of an ordinary house fly, with crossed wings. Our df/nkeys, poor things, got many bites, and we'felt grieved at tlieir prospective deaths. We provided them with tho only remedy of wliich wo could hear—namely, a handful of salt "every pight; hut how tins is supposed to act in counteracting the bite of tho ily I can not' imagirio. Ample evidence of the doadli ness of this venomous insect is seen on the roadside. Dozens of ivaggons lie rotting: in the veldt, bearing melancholy testimony to tho failure of Messrs Heaney and Johnson's poineer scheme. Everywhere lie the bleach ing'bones of the oxen which dragged tho waggons ; and at Mnndigo's is a deserted hut filled to overflowing with thb Finns of these animals, awaiting the further development of the Pungwe t raffle, to be converted into ropes or. reins, as they are usually termed in South Africa. Fully £2,000 worth of waggons, w» calculated,, we passed along, during one d.iy'n ma^blt,. lying on veldt, ghost-like, after a battle. I'lien tliero arc Scotch carts of more or less value, and a handsome Cape cart, which Mr.-Rhodes had to abandon on his way up to Mashiinal*nd, and which contains an unused bottle, calling itself 'anti-fly mixture,; anironical comment 011 the situation ; and at Sarmento itself, a Portuguese settlement on tRe banks of the Pungwe, two handsome coaches, made expressly in New Hamp shire, America, for tho occasion, lie deserted near tho Portuguese huts. Thoy are richly painted with arabesques and pictures on the panels; ''Pungwe route to Mashon-iland' is written thereon in letters of gold. Tiie com fortable cushions inside are being moth-eaten, aiid the approaching rains will complete the ruin of these handsome but ill-fated vehicles. Meanwhile the Portuguese stand by and laugh at the discomfiture of their British rivals'in the thirsc for gold. Even tho signboard, with 'To Rlashonaland' inscribed on it, is in its place ; and all this elaborate piepaVation foi? tho pioneer route has been lendcred abortive | by that'venomous little insect, tho tsetse fly. —Mr. Bent, in the u Fortnightly Review. 