ON THE HORIZON. \- THE FEMININE MOUTH. The prdttiest feature in a pretty woman's face is, her inouth, that pouting, laug'aing thing that providing it doesn't betray a de cayed front tooth, or on c'oser examination a breath of the faded oyster kind, is a ravish iug invitation for a kiss every time the sparklinK eyes that look out above it. are. turned on you. The feminine mouth is a study, and I have devoted much attention to it ; not in the kissing line understand, but in contemplating its various expressions and in trying to read the character of the fair owner by, the surface bubbles around this ? most charming of her features. In no part of Australia have I seen more field for this study than in Bathurst, where pink cheeks and ruby lips are the rule, and not the exception, and bright eyes as plentiful as blackberries in an English lane. The study of a lady's mouth is not only interesting, but to bache lors anxious to sacrifice their liberty essential. Bed hair, or brown hair, or black hair,, or yellow hair, is never a criterion of character, especially in a woman who may dye the most vermilion locVs a beautiful golden, and defy detection ,even by the lynx-like eyes of the wife of the man who carries one fair tress home on his coat sleeve. The hair can lie, so can the figure, so can the eyes, though rarely, so can almost every other thing, but never the mouth which lovers, when they seek brides, shoydd study in all its sunshine and sudden shower changes. Falcon, who has made the feminine mouth the subject of much stndy, volunteers his conclusions' to males with sweethearts. They are as follows : If her mouth is very Bmall, there ia not much mind, but overmuch shallow sentiment. If she has a very large mouth, she will possess a good brain, but the trouble is in kissing it. Large mouths put a man to an artistic test ; he will be driven to his wits' end whether to begin at one corner and conclude at the other, or to make a heroic dash at the middle and endeavor to reach both corners. But if you are a kissing artist it can be covered nicely enough. If she has a delicately -formed mouth, with rounded lips, and of a velvety color, she will have much sensibility and per fection of character, but will not astonish by. her brilliancy of conception or execution. It. is a good month because it is kissable and submissive. Shun blue-lipped or thin-lipped women ; they will bore you to death with literature or women's rights, theorize while you want your dinner, or spoil your temper by their red-hot, scolding tongues. * * * » ? ? * GHOSTS I Has it ever struck you that ghosts are dying out, — the white sheeted bogey of super stition that used to frighten the wits out of us 20 or 40 years ago, but which is now get ting as scarce as fresh fish in a seaport town, or good fruit in a district populated by orchardists 1 Not a doubt.or it, but the weird midnight howling fraud that is alleged to play castenets made of shin bones, and dance a hornpipe on a loose tombstone, and groan under your bed, and rustle the curtains, and blow out the lamp you have purposely left burning to scare it off, is becoming a ghost of . other days, -fading away like the last howl of a drawing-room singer when everyone says 'thank you,' leBs to the bony simpering vocalist than 'to Providence foe His great mercy in having made her,throat.tbo hoarse for further affliction. Tes, there is no doubt of it, the ghost is a dying institution, and the only spirits remaining are those that are either doctored or Boldstfaight at 6d a nobbier, and the green colored serpents and blue monkeys that mock the agonies of him whose absence of horror of drink has brought on the horrors of concentrated- alcohol. Seriously, how is it that the ghost is becoming a departed in-, stitution? And why is it that novelists, knowing that their pet stage property is falling to pieces, don't again work up the sensation, and by a steady course of 'blood' curdlers ' perhaps extending over a course of ten years cause a new generation to be born with all theshivery shaky flamdoodles of their great grand mothers. For me, ghosts have a fascination that will nevor die out. I know them to be shams, humbugs and impostors, but that doesn't prevent my liking them all the same, as how should it, seeing that if a man were to dislike all the shams and im posters in the world with whom he might come into contact, he would perhapB have no one at all to stir up any different feeling. Yes, I love the good old gory ghost, even as Jerome loved the red eyes of the scampering sewer rat. I delight to conjure up visions and see things, and read myself to sleep over such works as ' The Spectre of Northcote,' or the ' Secret panel in Hells Dyke Castle ' or any other book, where something gets up at twelve every night, and glidesintotho guest's bedroom, and makes that poor wretch feel all of a cold perspiration, and then, holding aloft a dagger, something like that which Macbeth saw, utters an unearthly scream and vanishes. Oh, it is a glorious style of literature, the real old death's-headedghostyarn that makes you shudder when you come to the last chapter, look under the bed before putting' the light out, and then lie awake seeing life in your coat on the chest of drawers, vitality in your waiet-coat,J and the shapes of. two despairing arms in youi pants hanging behind the door. The number of ghost stories that have been written is, I suppose beyond calculation ; but alas ! the day of belief in the reality of- the unreal is dying out, and I in my egotism believe I know the cause. It is not so much education, or the scepticism, born of enlightenment, as the authors, of ghost stories themselves. Time was when these persons delighted in giving you a shock, in showing up your fears and fancies, or in leaving you very much in the dark as to the beginning and end of their mysteries. Now, however, the infernal pen pedlars are deliberately breaking down their own work, demolishing what it has taken parha ps centuries to build up. Here is one of their most recent exposures : — In one of the baronial castles of the north of England, which had been uninhabited for, years, such strange sounds were sometimes heard as to give rise to an opinion that it was haunted ; and a story was current that an heir-apparent had been murdered by his uncle, who, after en joying his ill-gotten estates for some time, was driven away by the Btrange noises in thocastte,whcnitdescendedto another branch of the family. As the noises were a subject of real terror to the tenantry, the owner de cided to sleep in tho castle on the very night ho took possession, to do away with those Buperstitioua fears. He slept well for the first two hours, and then waa wakened by a mournful wail, followed by a sTeain. Pur suing the sound, he found it to come from the hall. He set down Mb lamp and waited. The night, which had beea Btormy, became suddenly still, and presently he fell asleep on the oak table for a few minutes, to be awakened by a groan beside him. He started up and sprang at the unseon voice, ?vyith a powerful blow fixing his Toledo steel iu tho arms. With morning came a welcome crowd, asking if he had scon the ghost. 'Oh, yea ! ' cried he, ' and he is aa dead a doornail behind that tfcreen, where my sword has pinned him fast, Bring the wrenchiug-bar, and we'll have the disturber out,' They tore down tho screen, und there, in fl recess, lay the fragments of a chapel organ. The square wooden trunks, made for hallowed sounds, were used as props to stay the work when the hall was coated round with oak. The northern blasts had found their way through the crannies, and thus had alarmed the country round for a century. Ah 1 these exposures, the death dealing stabs to one of pur grandest institutions, the. good old ancient ghost. Falcon. It has been authoritatively denied that the Queen asked Lord ftosebery to accept office in the Gladstoue Adminis tration. The Queen only asked one man to accept office, and that was the Prince Consort. She aBked him to marry hor, 