FLKM1NGT0N TRAINING NOTES. By " WIDK-A-Wakr." Judging by the crowd , of spectators prvscuton the training ground this morning, ttm interest iu tho forthcoming V.K.C. Autumn meeting has nol abated one jot, not- withstanding the impressed condition m thincs in general and thu labor market in p&riiouUr.; It was barely daylight when Swordbcarcr deployed ou the sand track, he haviug All lVro for a compantou. The pair strodo itrongly over six furlongs, which was covered in lmin 22jcc, tho latter being iu front. It would ho Homcwhat of a coinci dence if Mr Mat. O'Slmuassy, who only re turned from England lost week, proved sue- ccjsfiil with Swordbcarcr in smno of tho climic races to ho run at Flemlugton. Oxidu whs L'iven a rnusint L'Ocl Pftllon over a mile and a half on the tan, which he negotiated in 2imn .r>(Kec. Tho gamo little son of Sardonyx wn» Accompanied the first part of the journey, by Satyr, aud then Sulpliidu brought him hon.ie. ..Oxide is wonderfully well. Singapore, did. a strong trip once round thu snnd truck,' and then Scrip brought, him aloug for another six furlongs. Freedom and Wandsworth ' wcro coupled for & ndlo and a half ou tho ln, which tho former - covered- comfortably In "mill f>2£scc,, the cx-Qucenslaudcr not being iu it nt tho finish. Florrio did not pivc Whimbrcl the ghost of u show in a six fur longs burst ou tlio tan, luft behind iu lmin IDJscc. Whimbrcl, whojlios been engaged in swimming exercise, nt the Saltwater River during thu past week, has some what improved. Wily Isaac, of Brighton," Foblshnm to wit, was in evidoncc with G'Naroo, Happy Jack, Moli and Wild Rose; The former and latter went steadily, but tho other two were only treated to walking exercise. Theso horses are located at Williams's Hotel, Ascot Vale. A nuuibor of other Csiillield-trnincd horses are expected to-- dny, the tracks on tho classic brt|i " uot wing in tlio condition they should bo in at thin time of year, ' ' # Attnius and Masci/a slipped smartly over tix furlones on tho snnd, (ho last tivo fur longs being left behind in lmin OJscc. The former will bo worth watching iu some ol the Nursery Handicaps. Shamrock howled along over a mile and a quarter on tbo sand, the concluding six furlongs being trnvcrsod in a verv ivorkmanliko manner in lmin 21scc. lorsicAn put in a fast mile ou the tan, R' proal und Tho Workman did a really enmi gallop on the sand over tho Newmarket JlniuiKup distance, the watch .showing luiin "Owe as tlio time. The former had all the wy at tho fiuioli. Highborn travcranl a druug two miles ou tnu tan, and Past- iiKistur had a bit tttu ifi'uch foot for I'cnauco iu a six furlongs' dash on tho. tan, which was run in "lmin 2lscc. This (>hl selliug.plaler Is In the Newmarket Hnndicap. KilUloo put Jack down in a tuilo and a quarter go on tho ton, tho timo recorded being 2min lBsco, . Thu record of the mouiiug was. mado by Iuris, who, with Parker in tto saddle, t lipped ovor six furlongs on tlio sand in tnu uasiest possible manner, fri lmin. 18Jsec. »> hat sort ? I expect to seo thu little ton of Gramlmaster run the dlstanbo iu lmin. 17sce. before the eventful day, which. It will hi remembered, was the timo Bungebah tuade in his trial last year before he cantered home an easy winner of the Newmarket Handicap. , ... Autonomy started off a couple of lengths in front of Camoola end Strotnboll for an extender ovur six furlongs on the sand. Tho latlur two speedily, mado up thotr leeway, aud the trio then cams on togother, aud a good trial reunited in Camoola'e head just bomg in advanco ot Stromboli's, the tiae bring Iniin lODoc. ThoNnwmsrk«t Handicap representative went lazily ae-usnai, and the whip bad to be shaken at him to net him out, naYorthdeee the gallop was an excellent ooe on the part of the son of Etne, who bad, 1 fancy, quite On up. Albemarlo ana Bengal went a strong muo on tne tan. . The latter should pick up a handicap at the meet- ing. yt. Blaizc had tho asiiUncc of MArveletto and Theodore in a five furlones spin, which the former negotiated in a very taking man ner. although no time was made. Crcmornc with u good hold " on hia block," ran six furlong in ltr.hi llsec. This gelding is wonderfully well, and may create n surprise ou Saturday. liirinji was accompmied by Lady Edda iu a » furlongs dash, -which was smartly run. Patrol and Rivula went once round tho tan at a good useful pace, bnt Utter pleased im mensely by traversing six' furlongs on tho aaud iu lmin 20wc, Hero keepine the mare comuiuy. Thu Gift ami Fallon went a similar journey, but not quite so fast. Portsea, with Jan. Ifnyns in tlio saddle, travciscd a mile and a half on the sand at a strong pace. Egbert went tho first portion of the journey, and Palo Alto brought the son of Lady Lovelace home. LiUle Maid, Lardy D.«rdv, Souvenir, Benefactor, La Grippe, Silver Kuii'ht. and a host of others worked during tho morning, but nothing startling was evolved from their doings. . Buueehah, tho hero of last Newmarket, was ou the Hack, but tho ron of Avclinc, with Huxley in tho saddle, only went steadily. Bungv looks a vastly improved horso to what he was in the spring. li. Katnnge is open for an engagement at the forthcoming meeting. 