SOME CUSTOMS OF AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES. (GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE.) While the medicine-men, " black-fellow doctors," claim the power to heal diseases and remove spells, they are also prepared to inflict evil for a consideration. "Thev are not only doctors ("maykpeka") but wizards, and adepts in magical arts. To enumerate their practices would fill a volume. A brief notice must suffice. Undoubtedly they understand, and make use of, the hypnotic art. Throwing the subjects into a deep sleep they will compe[ them to see visions, reveal secrets, and even pine and die. The possession of some part of the belongings of the subject expedites the magician's plan. This is less wonderful than it appears. The imagination has a greater power than is supposed especially over the undisciplined minds. Some black seers are popularly supposed to be able to command the elemental spirits, fetch back departed spirits, and render ghosts visible at camp fires. Hypnotism renders tbis explicable. Of the practices attributed to these men, that of u taking kidney fat " from their victims is most feared. Belief in their power to accomplish this prevails through tbe entire continent. In innumerable instances persons have died, believing themselves victims of this art. So real does it seem, that hypnosis is clearly at the basis of the prac'.ice. Thus, among tbe Kurnai, the "brawin,"or wizirds, are thought to cast the victims into sleep by pointing at them with the "yertung"—a bone instrument made from the fibula of a kangaroo. Among the Wotjobaluk the victim after being half strangled, is laid upon his back; then the " bangal," or wizard, gets astride of his chest, opens the right side, and extracts the fat from the kidneys. Jle then joins the cut, and, after singing his spell, bites them to render the opening scarless. After this he retires, and sings a magical melody which awakens the victim, causing him to stagger, wondering how he came to be '' sleeping out there." It is believed that by partaking of a man's fat the eater acquires his victim's strength. So alsoit is thought that human fat bringsgood hunting, causes spears to fly true to their mark, or the " waddie" to deal resistless blows. For men who can accomplish wonders upon the human form divine, rainmaking must be a commonplace undertaking. It is, therefore, not surprising to find that, throughout Australia, wizards are credited with the possession of this power, which they excerise in various way6—not always, it mu6t ba admitted, with satisfactory results. In the Ta-ta-thi tribe tbe rain-maker uses a piece of transparent white quartz which he wraps in emu feathers, having first broken off asmall piece, which he spits up towards the sky. The quartz and feathers are then soaked in water, and afterwards carefully bidden. Among the Myappe the entrails of an opossum are steeped in water for some days; when decomposing they are taken out. This, it is believed, will always cause rain. Or a native cat is skinned and hung on a tree for the purpose. It hss been stated that the Australian tribes are wholly without religion. This is an error. Tbey believe that the God who comes down at the " boorrah " is good and powerful: that be saves them by his strength; that he is very ancient, but never grows older. The Mycoolon tribe believe in life, after death, in Yalairy—the road to which is the Milky Way. Here a spirit will look after them and here they will find trees, water, game, dogs, and their women and children. The practice of knocking out the two front teeth i3 a religious one. Those who have been so mutilated will have clear water to diink, while others wili only have muddy water. The "Jump-up white-fellow" idea, or reappearance after daath as a white man, is likewise indicative of religious faith, and belief in a life after death. The Watbi-Wathi believe that traps are set for the spirits of bad menif they escape these they fall into hell-fire. The Ta-ta-thi say :hat a " doctor" once ascended into the skv, and saw a place where wicked men were burnt. Tharamulun iB believed in as a Supreme Being, but bis name is secret, and is only imparted at the initiation ceremony. The women only know that a great spirit lies beyond the sky ; they call bim Papang, or father. These are ancient beliefs, although a careless observer might deem that tbey had been borrowed from white men. The funeral rites of the trifles further indicate tlie-fcxiBtence of a belief that men die. not. as a dog dieth. The tribes on the Pag<? and the Isis, when about to bury their dead, dig a round well-like hole, in which they kindle a fire. When it is burnt, they carefully collect the ashes on a piece of bark and throw them out. They then inter the dead in a sitting posture. It may be this is nn analogous custom to that of some races which bury their dead under tbe hearthstone. Whatever belongs to the deceased —weapons, rugs, and valuables—are buried with him. Then logs are placed across the grave level with the ground, and roofed over with bark, upon which a mound of earth is raised. Serpentine lines are carved upon two traes to the north-west of the grave. They say the black will rise up white fellow." Among tbe Encounter Bay tribes all the apertures of a corpse are sewn up. Tbe person who performs this service runs some risk if he does not provide himself with good string; as, if the string should break, it is attributed to tbe displeasure of the deceased, who is supposed to make known in this manner that be has been charmed by him. In the same manner, if tbe small quill used as a needle fails to penetrate the flesh easily, the slightest movement, caused by pressing the blunt point to the flesh, is supposed to be a spontaneous motion on the part of the corpse, and to indicate that the sewer bad caused the death. The Waiiwun make great wailing over tbe dead. They sometimes keep up the nightly lamentation for a year longer. As a sign of mourning both sexes plaster their heads over with mud or pipe-clay, and then gash themselves with halohets. At the funeral they dress themselves up in different styles, 6ome wearing headdresses. When a fat man dies they place his body in a forked tree, and anoint themselves with the grease which drops from him. They suppose that this makes them partakers of his health, strength, and virtue. They eat the heart and liver of the dead tor the same reason. The tribe buries its dead usually in round or oblong graves. The Kamilaroi cut figures on the trees which grow round the graves, as marks of respect to the dead. Among the Dieyerie tribe cannibal practices of a disgusting description are common as parts of funeral rites. The reason assigned is that the nearest relatives may soon forget the departed, and not be continually crying. It is to be observed that these people do not eat their enemies, but their friends, and that they do this according to a prescribed rule. Tbis is the order in which they partake of their relatives. The mother eats of her children,. the children cf their mother. Brothers-in-law and sistersin-law eat of each other. Uuclee, nephews, aunts, nieces, grandparents, and grandchildren do the same. But the father does not eat of hisuflspiing, nor the offspring of their father. In Wide Bay tha bodies to be eaten are first sdinned, and the skin is wrapped round a bundle of spears. This relic is carried about with the tribe. In the native wars, in some parts of the country, the men who are killed are eaten by their lriends. If they die from wounds during the night they are eaten in the morning. A large hole is dug, and the body is cooked therein in one piece. Tbe inside is not eaten, but buried. The bones are either buried or placed in a hollow tree. Children, too, are eaten when they die. This strange race is fast disappearing. It may be that tbe child is even now born who shall hear the last aborigine chant, " Shield of Burree, spear and club, Throwing stick of Berar bring : The broad boomerang of War oil, Waist-belts and pendants, apron of Boodor. Jump ! jumD 1 U9e your eyes. With the straight emu spear." 