SCIENTIFIC & USEFUL The Eye as an Optical Machine. DEFECTIVE SIGHT: ITS CAUSE AND CORRECTION. INTRODUCTORY REMARKS. BY N. LAZARUS. In this the preliminary to a series of articles on the above subject a few words of preface may not be out of place. Good vision is essentially a requisite of a pleasurable existence, yet how few we find who have even the slightest knowledge of the eye or eye treatment, and indeed how many there are who through the want of knowledge so abuse the eye as to irre parably injure the sight. To preserve the sight we must know what certain feelings about the eye mean, and why they are so often accom panied by fatigue" and pain. In order to know this we must stndy the formation of the eye and the function of each oomponent part. We cannot afford to give up the use of our eyes beoause they ache, nor can we afford to dis regard these symptoms. We want to preserve oar sight to the last. Of all the senses with which man has been endowed the sense of seeing is perhaps the most important, and yet it receives absolutely the least considera tion. The man or woman whose eyesight is defective and remains uncorrected lives in a world totally unlike tnat whioh spreads out before the fortunate minority whose vision is normal, that is to say, op to tho standard which qualifies a man to become a sailor. To correot some of the popular but erroneous ideas which exist, and to try to persuade the publio to take more interest in the subject of their eyesight by plaoing before the readers of the Quetnslander undisputed facts, is the objeot of this series of articles, and if yon will give me your attention I will try to interest you, feeling sure that you will be amply repaid by so doing. As it is, how many of you give aa much as a passing thought to the subjeot of your eyesight in general ? Do you know anything of the work ing of that beautiful piece of machinery, the eye; anything of the means by whioh through the medium of the eye you are enabled to see ? Do you know anything of the laws of optics ? Do you think the Bubject worthy of a little study and a little thought? To all these questions, save the last, I think I hear you answer, " No." Therefore we will study this matter together, you (the publio) and I. We will study the method by which we are enabled to see, this naturally involving the study of lenses with their shape and consequent in flaenoe upon rays of light. We all know that optical defects in the eye are corrected by the use of certain kinds of lenses adjusted to frames and called spectacles. It must therefore be obvious that in order to be able to tell what kind of lens is necessary to overcome a oertain defect we must know what that defect is and what is the cause of the defect, and have an adequate knowledge of the laws of optioa and the properties of lenses. In order to find out the cause of the defeot we must have an intimate acquaintance with all tho ocular functions. That this knowledge is not possessed by nine-tenths of those who are allowed to tamper with the eyes, and whose only object is to sell you a pair of spectacles, is an undisputed fact. Of the many advantages optical science has conferred upon us we are certainly most indebted to spectacles, and the determination of what is suitable for any defeot in the eye is nndoubtedly a matter of the groateat importance. We will study the ideal or perfect eye first. Thon we will proceed to those defects arising from abnormal conditions of the eye, physio logical changes, or hereditary influence; and by the time we have reached the end of the series you will understand how necessary it is that greater care should be exercised in correcting any defect in vision. In days gone by some excuse could be found for any remiss ness on the part of the publio relating to this subject, but ophthalmic science has made such rapid strides of late years and the laws of optics are so simple that continued neglect is inexcusable. The first article will be a study of the eye as an optioal machine; with diseases of the eye we will have nothing to do in these pages. These artioles are written solely from an optioal point of view, for in all oases of disease surgical or medical treatment is required, although nearly always optical treatment becomes necessary afterwards. The usual monthly meeting of the Amateur Photographio Society was held in the Conner Building yesterday week. The president, Dr. Thomson, lectured on photographio defects and failures. He said the subjeot was too extensive to be dealt with in one leoture, and he would oonfine himself to the failures arising from de fects in lenses. The errors from faulty material and workmanship, colour of glass, want of finish, scratches, bubbles, and stria were de scribed ; also errors from reflection, as flares from imperfect mounting and optical flare 3 or ghosts; from refraotion, tfs spherical aberration, curvature of the field, curvilinear distortion, and astigmatism; from decomposition of light, as ohromatio aberration or the want of coinci dence between the visual and the chemical fooi. The covering power and area of illumina tion and also the definition given by lenses were made clear, and instructions were laid down for the care of lenses from dust (it was stated that as much as 50 per cent of the light oan be lost by dirty glasses), from lense sweat, and from tarnish. The lecture, which was freely illustrated by diagrams and appliances, was a very praotioal one, and for every defect twtfi wero given to prove the error and Mloulate its amount . . . 