PRIMITIVE METHODIST CONFERENCE. Missionary tea and public meetings were held at the Morphett-street Church on Monday even-<*> ing. Both were largely attended. At the latter Mr. George Robinson presided, and eloquent addresses 'were given by the Bevs. W. R. Stephenson sod A. J. Bart. Daring the even ing the general secretary (Rev. J. EL Wil liams) presented the missionary report, which showed that the missions were in a healthy condition, and that despite the depression in consequence of the partial failure of the harvest they tad successfully struggled through the year, and were enabled to report favorably to tbe Conference. The missionary treasurer (Kir. Win. Diment) read the treasurer's report, which stated that the missionary debt had been reduced daring the past year by £142 3i. 7d. The church choir, under Air. E. Parry, rendered eevtral excellent selections of music thibd mv. On Tuesday morning at half-past 9 the busi ness of the Conference was continued. The book room report and balance-sheet were received as satisfactory, showing a small balance to the good. The Rev. J. H. Williams, who has already served the full term of five years, was zeapuointed for another year as book steward. The Rev. H. J. Pope was appointed vice-steward. A hearty rote of thanks was given to tbe ex president, the Rev. J. 6. Wright, for the ex cellent Conference sermon delivered by him on Friday evening. It was decided that it be published in the connexional magazine. An animated discussion took place on the subject of "Gambling," which was introduced by a letter received from the secretary of the Congregational Union. The Rev. J. H. \Viuu?.s moved—"That this Conference of the 1'iimitive Methodist Connexion, represent ing 12,000 adherents, is prepared to unite with the other churches in the colony in taking united action with a view to suppressing the spread and spirit of gambling, and we desire to express our strong disapproval of the Totalizator Act and the Government granting a half-holiday on Cup Day.'1 This was spoken to by tbe Revs. H. J. Tope, S. Gray, T. Allan. W. T. Wiltshire, and R. Jackson, and Messrs. E. Hack, A. Robinson, G. Sisson?, C. Dunn, G. Thiselton, J. Hooper, J. Peters, W. Diinent, and G. . Marshman. The prevalence of gambling in railway carriages, on racecourses, in country shows, and in shares, was espsoially deprecated, and various suggestions were made whereby the tide of gambling might be stemmed. The resolution was carried unani mously. It was further decided that au article on the subject appear in the nest issue of the Sovih Australian Primitive Methodist. The question of "Methodist Union" now came up for discussion. The Rev. S. Gaiv moved—"That we express ourselves as being strongly in favor of organic 'Methodist union' on a fair and equitable basis to all concerned, and that we appoint a committee to meet re presentatives of the Weeleyan and Bible Chris tion denominations or any other with a view to draw up a basis of union, and take such other steps as may be deemed neceseary for bringing about so [desirable an object." He said that thiB was a democratic movement, and as they were a democratic church they should by no means lag behind on this important matter. For years he had seen the desirability of union, especially in country districts, where the various branches of Methodism were fre quently working under great disadvantages. He wanted to know if the *ime had come for union. He believed it had, but until it was effected he thought with the Rev. H. T. Burgess they should do all they could in fos tering by united meetings the spirit of union. He believed that tbe Methodist churches would come together, and that the tame was not far distant when this consummation so much desired wonld be realised. Then would follow the larger blessing of God's Spirit upon the one grand united Methodiet Cborch. (Lond applause.) The Rev. J. G. Wbigiit, who seconded, said he thoroughly believed in union, not only in Methodist union, but a Christian union that was world-wide. He was a most ardent supporter of Methodist union, not only in this colony but throughout the world. Mince union had been effected between the Methodiet bodies in Canada Methodism had wielded much greater influence there and had experienced a grand time, and he was sure that here we should if united become a far greater power morally, politically, and in every way in the direction of righteousness. He sincerely hoped the resolution would be heartily carried. (Cheera.) Mr. H. Bower thought that the message from tbe Lord was that all Christians should be one —one in mind, one in heart —and that thia inward feeling should find a stronger and better outward expression than it did. He drew a vivid picture of the advantages of " Methodiet union" from a spiritual, financial, and commercial standpoint, and stated that he would do all he could to bring it about. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. Robixson- regarded it as a standing disgrace that the Methodist bodies should remain apart. At Redhill—die district he came from—he saw the advantage of union in the form of a united Sunday-school there. This school worked welL If "Methodist Union" came about he was certain it would be a great blessing. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Petebs said that the Primitive Methodist Church was to his -mind the most democratic and liberal of the Methodise churches. He was in favor of union if it took place on a broad liberal basis. (Hear, heir.) Mr. C. Dcxn said that " Methodist union" did not trouble him. (Laughter.) He knew that it was coming. He ooald see it very clearly wherever lie went. It must come, and the sooner the better. If the ministers objected to it in many parts the people would starve them out, and he was glad of it. (Laughter.) He believed that the time was ripe for union, and he hoped it would shortly come. (Applause.) The Revs. T. Weathekux and-7. Goodwin-, and Mr. J. Chenoweth supported the motion, which was carried with loud and hearty acclamation and a thoroughly unanimous vote. Tbe following were appointed members of the committee:—Revs. J. J. Salmon (presi dent), J. Goodwin, A. W. Wellington, J. H. Williams, H. J. Pope, -and S- Raymond, and Messrs. J. Peters, C. Dunn, G. Marshmann. J.P., W. Diment, J.P., W. W. Winwood, and G. Robinson. Daring the discussion a letter arrived bom the Chief Justice (Hon. S. J. Way), inviting the members of the Conference to an "at home" at bis residence at Montefiore on Thursday afternoon, from 4 30 to G.30, to meet the members of the Bible Christian and Wes leyan Conferences. This was gratefully accepted. The statistical report of the Sabbath-schools was read, and Bhowed an increase of one teacher and 50 scholars for the year. A most profitable conversation on the work of God in the colony then took place; in con nection with which tbe Rev. S. Ratmoxd pro posed—"That we record our thanks to the Great Head of the Church for the helpafforded us during another year. We rejoice that many as the result of our labors have been led to the Saviour. The hopeful state of our Sunday schools is to us a very pleasing feature, and we trust by a fresh consecration to God and absolute dependence on the Holy Ghost, a larger life and increased prosperity will be realised by us in the future." The Rev. J. G. Weight seconded, and the Revs. S. Gray, A. J. Burt, T. Allan, H. J. Pope, and 3. Good win, and Messrs. J. Hooper, S. Olley, and C. Dunn supported. Carried unanimously. Deputations from the Bible Christian Con ference and the Women's Christian Temper ance Unions were welcomed by the President of the Conference. The Rev. E. Geatton (Bible Christian) said he was impressed with the appearance of tbe Conference. As he looked around he saw many faces that he was familiar with, but there were many that he missed. Daring the past year he was deeply pained to hear of the death of tbe gifted Hugh Gilmore. Their Ices was the loss also of the whole colony. He bore with him the kindly greetings of the Bible Christian Conference, and he would in form them that the denomination he repre sented sorrowed with them in their losses and rejoiced in their euooesBsa. The Bible Chris tiane and themselves were essentially and fundamentally one. They had yesterday and to-day the outward and spiritual sign of an in ward and spiritual grace. He was present as an advocate of "Methodist union, 3 but he hoped that they would "make haste slowly in tbe matter. In many places force was wasted, and he felt eure in many places force was wanted; and he believed that "Methodist union" would adjust matters. He was glad that they were one on most points, and par ticularly rejoiced that they were united in warring against intemperance. When ho re membered that during the past year 143 millions was the drink bill of England, and only two millions were spent in Christian missions he felt how great was the need in battling against strong drink. He wished the connexion Godspeed, and hoped the coming rax would be to them a highly successful one. Applause.) The Rev. J. Collisos (Bible Christian) con gratulated tbe Conference on their wisdom in selecting the Rev. J. -I. Salmon as their presi dent. He bad worked side by side with him, and had learnt to appreciate bis worth. He believed in "Methodist union," bat saw that there were many problems associated with the •luettion. Trust debts was one of these, and be was glad to notice that they had so largely re duced their liabilities in this direction during the past year. He had for yearn learnt to say "Grace be unto all who love the Lord Jesus in sincerity and in truth." Were the Metho dist bodies one in this colony they would pos sess the material to secure all the people to the kingdom of God and bis Christ. (Cheers.) Mie. Xh'HOI.ls (president of the Women's Christian Temperance Union) then addressed the Conference. She said it would doubtless be considered presumptuous on her part to inter fere with the business of their eittinfra, but she regarded tbe W.C.T.U. qs a most important organisation. She came on behalf of that in stitution. She thought that tbe union she 're presented was often much trmsimder?tood. They had been charged with starting-another -denomination, bnt such was not the -ease, for the'W.CT.'U. -was entirely Tmsectarian. She then referred to the work they were doing, in the course of which she said they were working in 35 different departments aad during.the 18 years of -heir existence they had reached a membership of a quarter ofa million. She was glad that the Primitive Methodists recognised the right of women to speak in public, hut she noticed they had not yet admitted them to their conferences as delegates. (Laughter.) She commended the various branches of the W.C.T.U. to their sympathy and asked for help in their work. (Cheers.) Miss Geome (secretary of the W.C.T.U.), after congratulatory remarks, stated tbat about £4 15s. per head was spent in strong drink in this colony. This was one reason why the Woman's Temperance Union craved their support. She referred to the good work they were doing amongst children, and thought tiie results of their labors certainly justified thsir existence. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. H. J. Poi'E replied to the Bible Christ-an Conference, and stated that he was -converted under a Bible Christian minister, and be was therefore greatly indebted to that denomination. He wanked them for their congratulations, and returned their fraternal greetings. The Primitive Methodists felt very much as the Bible Chris-tians on the union question. They were iv favor of union, but did not believe in being .^-allowed up as the whale swallowed Jonah. _(, Laughter.) There must be mutual concessions before union could take place. He hoped that till then they would each go on trusting in God aud laboring with all their hearts for the salvation of men. (ApplauseJ Mr. G. Robtnsos also briefly replied, aud said that be was pleased that they all had the game idea upon Methodistunion. Fifty years ago he first came in contact with the Bible Christians. Since then he had often labored for them and had learnt to love them. He wished them all prosperity. (Cheers.) The Key. J. G. Wright was glad to see Mrs. Xicholls and Miss George, and feln it an honor to reply to them. He spoke enthusiastically of the work of the W.CT.TJ. in this and the other colonies, and was glad to welcome them as representatives of one of the grandest organisations of the 19th century. (Applause.) 