PR INGE OR-ABWIBjSgS OR My Sister Guinevere. . * . - k - IBy Temple. You say you aro surprised my sister Guine vere never married ; that, beautiful as she is even now in the faded pallor of her forty years, she must have been supremo in her early youth; and that her grand manner alone would seem to have marked her out a grand alliance— one chosen from among the many of the highest in the land offered to her. And you are too well bred to add what I see you feel that you are just ns much surprised to find me, who am a mere nobody compared to my sister — small and .dark and shy even yet. for all my four big bays, while she is tall and fair and regal — here at the head of this princely establishment, and the wife of a man like my husband, for whom Guinevere seoms to be in every way fitted more . than myself. Well, it is strange, I admit. But shall I tell ? you my sister's story V It is not quite one i f every day life, though there is nothing out rageously sensational in it. Still, it may in terest you as a study of circumstance and character ; and, at all events, it is true. We woro nlwnys what you see us non — the queen und her subject, the adored and her adorer, a mistress and her slave. Guinevere, live years older than I, was, as long as I can remember, like some kind of a superior being whom it was my duty aB well as my joy to worship and obey. Her . beauty was always phenomenal to me, inoi'H especially as I had none. No, do not say ' Oh !' in that de precating way. It is very unkind of you to wish to spare mv se-1 f-lovo, and put me on good terms with myself ; but I hate heard the truth too often. As a child I distressed my mother many limes to tears, when sho was low-spirited, be cause phe s-iid I was so like a little Aztec or horror of that kind ; and as a girl she often de clined to take mo into society, because I was such a contrast to Guinevere that, she said, she was ashamed of me. But my husband and my boys are satisfied with mo, and that is everything. And, indeed, only yesterday my husband said to me laugh ing : ' I declare, Raohel, you are getting quite pretty in your old age !' So perhaps I am growing-. Ies3 plain. Women sometimes do as they get older. You do not mind my telling you this nonsense ? It is only for fun, not vanity. Hut if I was tho Aztec of the family, Guine vere was the flower — our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal quern, o'.ir hope, our love, our enchantment. There were no brothers, mid she was the heir. Wo were not madu joint heiresses ; but Guinevere, as was only fitting, was made sole heiress, and I had a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to mi-, I told him how glad I was, as Guinevere was born for wealth and position, and 1 was uot ; and it was only right that she rlmiild kue{- tho family iinnio when she married, and ho tliu.iepresentative of the house as iF she had been a son. She was the superior and my queen.- , 'Then you aro mi*, jealous — not disappointed little Hacln 1 ? You do not think I have done wrong by you ?' my clear-', father said, drawing me nearer to liinii'' ? . I thought he looked a littlo anxiously into my face, as if he wero troubled, and wanted re assuring. ?: Dear, dear father! I have of ton thought sinco tbiit ho was not quite sure of the riglilness of his decision. But it was ri^hr, . quitu riirlit. ???;?.'''.? 'Joiilous of Guinevere? sorry that you liMVe made her the' head of the family? No, father, darling,' I said; 'how should I be? ; You have done only what is right and wise, and I am glad and; grateful— very glad that Guinevere is to be always the superior, and very grateful -that you have thought it worth while to speak to me about it at all. And here I kissed him, and slroked down his dear bushy beard as I used when a little one ; but he held me to him vory, very close, and kissed mo back again with something so sweet and almost sorrowful in his manner — and some thing almost like tears in his eves. ' I hope 1 have done right,1' he said, softly ; ' but it seems cruel and unjust,' he added, as if speaking lo himself. : Mother, however, saw tho things an I did, and bp ike to him rather sharply. ' Nonsense, Jerome !' she sitid in her Quick « iy 'How could such a girl as Ruchel carry uljT ilie dignity of her position or. bear the trei--lit of lieuvhip ? It would be : ridiculous to make hei equal with Guinevere. Sho has neither manner nor beauty, neither dignity nor style, and no chance of ever getting either. Guine vere is of coursu the head of the house, and must represent the family when we have gone. How could it bo oth rwisa ? Rachel is out of the quehtion. ' Ah, well, I suppose it must be so ; 'und little Uae'iel does not niiiid,1' said mv father. ' 'Of cours; not; she knows better ;' returned my mother, always a little sharply and as if she vere displeased. I fancy they had had a long disi.'U3sion on the matter, and that slie had at last persuaded my father against his original intention of leaving us joint heiresses. '? I trust she has too much good fooling, and loo much aenso of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement bo manifestlv propor, so evidently marked out by Providence,' she lidded impressively ; and I said : ' I hope so, too, mother,' to confirm her and cheer up my father. 1 was almost sixteen when this was told me Ciuinevoro was jual twenty-one. At sixteen a girl is rarely vory BolicitoiiH about money or the future ; and I did nut c ire for either one or the other, liut if I had I should have been re j.nctd nil the nii'iio that my sister should receivo by my father's will what she deserved by risjht of n tturul '. .mhrritancf, and that she should bo madu tho head of the house by law us sho was our queen by love. ' -' Beautiful as she .was, I !io heiress of such a lino ostiite us. thi Knoll, mid with what my mother prized quite as much as hor beauty — which 1 had once himrd called the ' main facto* in tho sum of her charms '—her perfect stylo — jouuniy bo sure that lovers were not wanting to Guinevere ° Shu had us many as Pottiu, and she was as dilhciili to please ns h- r prototype. Sho took e\ce|ition. to every one,- nnd made insuperable obstacles out of the .most trivial matters. A nun's name, tho colour of Ins hair and the way 111 which he wore it, his voico, his hands, his favorite flowers, , i 1 i a manners, even his sisters his \ery- scarf pin and rings — nnyihiug was rim son enough why she should reject him ; till really it seemed as if she had vowed herself to Ctilibaey altogether und did not intend to marry any 01:0. My mother used to get quite vexed wilh her ; for some of tho oilers were of a kind which did honor even to such a quern iimougHt women an Guinevere ; and, as mother said, these good chancea do not come too ofton in any girl's life. But Guinevere stood her ground like some stately ilower which shuts itsolf up if it has tieen so much as looked at; always with the ?nine cold regal bearing that she has still ; turn ing all men's heads and winning all men's hearts, but never hmng her own, and making the disappointed world more desperate as her toldui ss grow more continued. For whom or what was she waiting? My mother used to ask her that ques'ion twenty times a week, but Guinevore always answered the 8AI110 thing : ' For Prince Charming.' Which was all vory well, aB mother said, but the might have found him before now in the crowd of suitors who had made her the ofl'or &f; their hands and hearts, and cent ioIIh and One day ho secmod to have come. At least we all thought so, and it seemed impossible but that G^mre^St^should not think so too. Our neighbour, Slorso 'Herbert, came homo. He had been a long time abroad— ever since his fathor's death — but at last he came back and prepared to live at his beautiful place. Every one was very glad, for an empty house like Wilmington Hall makes a great difference in a small soe'ety like ours ; and then Mr. Herbert himself was popular, and people were pleased to see him again. He h handsome now, but in those days twenty years ago, he waa simply magni ficent. He was as handsome for a man as. Guinevere waa for a woinan. And that was saying everything. When they stood side by side together it was really grand to see them. They looked like something one had seen in a dream or a picture — something ideal and beyond one's ordinary experience. It was evidently the match for Guinevere. He was rich, of right age, handsome, in every way desirable ; and although his father belonged to the newly rich, Morse himself was, as you know him, something more than an every-day gentleman. He was a Bayard. Soon the neighbourhood settled it all to its own satisfaction and gave these two to each other, according to tho law of manifest fitness and destiny as they said. And soon, of course, ho fell in love with her. Who could help it 1 They all did. Besides, these two were fitted to each other. No ; do not shake your head. They were in those days ; if only she could have seen it, and made herself soft and plastic ! It seemed aB if nature had betrothed them, and some malign influence interfered to prevent the thing from going right. For in spite of all Morse Herbert's handsome looks and fine estate, in spite of all his noble nature and fer vent love, Guinevere would have nothing to say to him. When; he made' the inevitable offer she refused him, juat.as she had! refused others; and all that could( be got out:'of her, when my father arid motfter/ 'remonstrated with her wub, — ' ''' '? 'He is all ' yerjr well, bill he is not Prince Charming.' '..'.' . ' ' I remember my fattier turning away in a rage when sho siiid1 th is'lii her qiiiet, sarcastic way. He was so seldb'm ! angry, dear, good, father, that.it made _ a grkit 'impression on me. . ' ' '':'' ' ? ';?' ; ? ' '? The girl iscrazffd' with vanity,' 1 heard him say in a low voice. 'She .does not know what she wants, and \sotnV day' she will make a tre mendous mistake',' aiid' tlietv she will:come to her senses whoh it' is1 too la'te.; Tiiat will bo her punishment.' .;.;. 1 was standing nearhim at the time when he said this — so near that he knew that 1 must have heard him. . It went to my heart to hear him blame Guinevere. To me she was so grand and beautiful — so free from fault—and so was he. 1 could not bear to see the smallest misunder standing between them, so 1 took his hand and kissed it, and said to him lovingly, ? ' You would not have her marry him if aho does not love him, dearest father, 'would you ? That would not be righc.' 'No, my Rachel,' he answered kindly. ' But it argues sonio kind of moral perversity that sh : does not love h'm. No one else in the field and she ought to love him. If she wore a good girl she would.' ''No, no, there is nothing morally wrong about Guinevere!' [said. ' She is fastidious,' if you like, and seems unable to' be won by any man, but sho is good and true and noble, and she is not to bo blamed because she will not marry even such a man us Morse Herbert if she does uot really love him.' 1 r.Jineinher now how my dear father looked at me when I suid this ; and how ho drew me near to him, and said with his sweet smile, — . * 'I ought to be a proud father ! I have d queen for one daughter, and an angel for another ! If that does not content a man, what should V' .But really, though it made me divinely happy to be praised by him, I did not see why he should call mo an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always been like uoine kind of goodnssa or superior being to me! This matter of Morse Herbert's, however, did not rest here, for that evening my father and mother had a long talk with Guinevere, to which I was not admitted, but which ended by Guinevere consenting to something unpleasant. For she said to me at night, when I went to read her to sleep, as I always did, — ?' You are vsry happy, little Rachel, not to be tha eldest of the family, and the grand matri monial investment. Heirship and queenship, though all very well, have at times their dis advantages ; and it may be better to be a humble little daisy than a crown imperial lily, as you sometimes call me !' She did not speak with feeling or with temper, or as if she were sorry or annoyed ; jua with that little disdainful curl of' her 1 ei itiful lips which was habitual with her when lhi igiwent cro-s.; and of coursel did not dare to ask her more than she chose to tell. We wore always so much more like queen and sub ject than like daughters of the same father and mother, that I never presumed to take liberties with- her — nor with my mother. My father and I were the friends ; but with my mother and Guinevero, though 1 adored them both — especially Guinevere, I was always on the lower plane, and of both— I confess it candidly— I was a little afraid. Thenex1; day — I do not know why, but I be lieve that my mother wrote to him— Morse Herbert came over to the Knoll, about half an hour before luncheon. Ho waa with Guinevere alone in the drawing room for some time, and brought her into luncheon on his arm. I re member how deadly pale she waB, and how flushed and triumphant, yet ill afc ease, he looked. And* I remember he trembled like a girl when hu shook hands with mo and suid in a voice that was scarcely like his own, — ' You must congratulate me, Rachel, I am going to bo your brother, and marry Guine vere.' So then, he and my sister were engaged. ! The proud and stately swan was at last tamed ; tho flower had a£ last opened to the sun ! But for what- means ? Not ordinary ones, for tho en gagement was not like those one reads of or fancies for one's self when one ia young ; and for the first and only time in my lite I was in clined to be hard ou Guinovero. She was so cold to him, so disdainful. At her best sho was only placidly indifferent, at her worst sho was actively sarcastic, and seemed to take a 'ruel pleasure in wounding him. And I thought that as Bhe had accepted him, cho ought to have be haved with more consideration. I used to wonder how he bore it, such a high-spirited man in all other things us he wob But he was so desperately in love with hor in those days, he would have borno any thing, only for the delight of sitting by her and looking at her and calling her his. And her very coldness made him more desperate, as it had made so many others. It was something to buttle against — something to struggle with and over come ; a kind of challenge Hung down to the men who cared for her, which thoy accepted as Atalanta's lovers accepted hers. Atalantu defied those who loved and would win her to surpass her in swiftness, nnd Guinevere defied those who loved and would wiu her to break down hor statuesque coldness and make hor u warm and living woman. Evidently Morse Herbert had n-vfc ns yet been her real conqueror, her tn/e Pygmalion. He had won her promise,, buft ho had not carried her heart, and Bhe was still untouched. I was sorry for him and he knew it. With out being a traitress to my darling, my queen, I could not help pitying this hnndsome, manly fellow whom Bhe treated so badly ; so that at the last he got into the habit of coming to me for comfort, as he said ; for if I were not the roBo, I lived near it ; if I wore not Guinevere I wns her sister. And when nho would not let him talk to her of his love for her. he could come and talk to mo ; and he knew that 1 wns a patient listener, for that I loved hor too woll mysolf not to like to hear annthar nrai«n bnr Still. T winl,Arl H.»|- »V-o could have loved him more than she evidently did; or even if she did not lova him, that she would have treated him better. I, like Morse himself, trusted to time, his own love, and the indissolubility of mar riago when once they wore united, to bring it all right. Her common sense then would come into play, and her dignity too, and she would surely accept with a good grace a condition of things of which a bad one would not rid hor. So we talked to each othor, always skirting round, but never coming to, the full admission of Guinevaro's want of love for him, I doing my best to give him hope and courage, till he got at last to really love , me like his sister, and to mean it when he called me his comforter and his good angel. This was now the early summer, and the marriage waa to take place in the autumn. Meanwhile we all ' wenb to Scotland ; and Morse Herbert, as Guine vere's fiance, went too. She would rather he had not been with us. She had none of that girlish, silly pride, which likes to parade a 'conquest' — more especially one. in which her own heart was not engaged. And, so far from making this joint stay a pleasure to poor Morse, she turned it into a. torture, and really made him very, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be rudd or to flout him openly. She was always noble, like herself ; but she was colder than ice ; harder than stone ; more and moro statuesque and indifferent as the days went on ; as if she wanted to discharge her conscience of all suspicion of deception, so that Morse should know, if he married her, he was marrying only half, of her — and that the half wanting was that of her heart. But he bore it with the wonderful hope and patience of a strong man's love. She showed him no angry averaion, remember; only 'cold-' ness, without warmth for any one else ; and he always believed that this was constitutional re serve, and that some day he Rhould warm her into the life and knowledge of love. The GlenbarroiiB, at whose house we were staying, were nice people. Mr. and Mrs. Glenbarron, and ' their daughter Adeline, were charming, but t did not like Don ald, the eldest son. The second, Mackenzie, was much better ; in fact, he was aa nice as his parents and Adeline. liut Donald was one of those fast dissipated men, who are only cida with a correct nccetit and perfect taste in dross. He was a man who always looked as if he had been up all night— Very pale, as thin as a grasshopper, and with those red eyelids and odd smeared kind of mouth which makes you think of drinking, as if thoy had been reddened by the. lees of wine. He made me feel that he was living on the brink of a procipica -as it from day to day hia character and honor were unsafe, and mi»iit at any moment be' destroyed by some terrible dis closure. I know he made his father and mother very anxious, and Adeline, who was geutlonesa in person, was sometimes severe upon him. 'In fact, he wns a horror; but, poor wretch ! he had some good points in him, as you will boc , He harl brought- down- to the castle with him a Hungarian Prince with an unpronounceable nnme. I never could pronounce it, and I do not know how it was spelt ; but as he was alwayB called Prince, it does not much signify what hia name really was. He was a great friend of Donald's, and, per haps partly on that acc'unt, I took a violent hatred to him from tho beginning. Do not laugh andlook as if 1 am unable to tako a vio lont hatred to any one. We quiet little women aro often volcanoes like thereat, only our liros lay a little deeper than with some, and our explosions aro not so frequent. But if I hated him, I was the only person who did — except, perhap3, Adeline.. .'And she did nob so entirely uetost him as I did. Sho did not like him ; and. Mackenzie, too, was .in different to him, so was Morse. Herbert.. But every one else praised him to the skies mid applauded him to the echo. He was very, very handsome, that I must confess, neither so tall or so finely built as Morse; of a slighter, lighter kind altogether, and as dark ns Morse was fair. But'h'e had really an almost perfect face of its -kind,, and he had the moat graceful manners you can ima gine. They were aa perfect as his face. Though I did not like him, 1 could pot be blind to the things which fascinated others, his grace, his beauty, his readiness to oblige, his pretty way of asking you by his manner to forget that ho was a prince, while he himself always renn'inbered it ; and then his cleverness. He spoke all the principal languages, one as well as another, and all well. Ho danced most beautifully, and sang well, played the piano well, and rode aud fenced and played billiards, and all that ; was a lirst rate shot, and was most amusing besides. He could do all sorts of conjuring tricks as well aa any professed prestidigitator. One day Mr. Glonbarron said to him, laugh ing, — ' Well, Prince, if ever you are brought down to the bare boards, you can get your living a-i a conjuror, cr worse. By George, those trumps !' ' Think so V' the prince said with a smile ; but I was surprised to see bow he flushed up, like a girl, more than a man; and though ho smiled, he did not look pleased. Never after did he do any moro conjuring tricks for us. Mr. Glonbarron had evidently piqued him somehow. When the Prince first came he devoted him self to Adeline. This waa perhap3'natural, see ing that she was the daughter of tho house and so sweet and pretty in herself ; but sho was so decidedly cool to him that he soemed to set tired of paying her compliments und looking into her eyes.' Besides, Donald ovidently did not like it ; nor did Mackenzie. Indeed, I overheard Donald say to the prince, in such a strange voice, one day, when they were on tho terrace below and I on that iibove, — ' You promised me Karl, by all you hsld sacred — if thero'is anything you hold sacred in heaven or ourth — that you would leave my sister alone, and I hold you to your '; pro mise.' ??-..' '- They -passed : out of hearing, when Donald had said this, sol did uot hear the Prince's an swer. -At all events, after this he left Adeline alone. But be turned to Guinevere, iind paid her as much attention us he had pud Adeline in tho beginning-. I could not understand iny sLiter; 'in those days. She, ao proud and cold to all the world, so indifferent to her own aflianood lover, Morse Herbert, boc.ime somehow a transfoimed being with the prince. He could muke her sad or merry, enthusiastic or angry, by his anecdotes of things or persons, as no one els» had ever' been able to do. I have seen the tours in her oyes when he sang his plaintive Hungarian songs, aud she never soemed to tiro of his music. Hithorto she had certainly not boon more enthusiastic about music than about anything else; now she would sit in a kind of hushed, rapt way whew ho played, and it was pathotic to soe the way in which she oaino b.iek to her self, and, as if it woro reality, when he hud finished. She grow, too, so much gentler to every one. Gentle is not quite the right word, for she waa never anything but gentle — sympathetic, affec tionate ruther— and to me especially bo ; to every 0110 indeed, Bave poor Momo Herbert, and to him her former chilling indifference changed into something that looked like hate and fear. Ho auw it too. I know that he did, although he said nothing to me ; but I saw it in his sad, grave, wondering eyes, in his compressed lips, in his forced calmness, and in the flashes of lire that sometimes shot from hia oyes when ho looked at the prince. Donald, too, was dreadfully disturbed. Ho had gone down before Guit.evo e, tin all the world did, and ho was madly in love with hor. T-T Iftnnr fV»nt aVi urn a nnnonod A \ \ lhere was no hope for him. That did not pre vent him loving her, or wishing .that theru hud been hope. Poor wretch 1 His love did him lY- - . «*. it opened I113 eyes to hia own vilenes3, :. him ashamed of the infamous life '? \ secret. Fjr even had she been fret, .'''? . , that he was unworthy of her, and that .1, uuj . J have been sacrilege to have matched - bug*, h. spootless lily, such a stately swan, with a thinj; steeped to the Iip3 in vice, a mere well-dressed/^ correctly speaking, ruffian ! ' ''' What a dreadful time this wns. I UMor thai smooth exterior of a pleasant country party, here were wo all in such turmoil and tii.i ult.*/ ? doubt and fear and love and sorrow as inade^ the whole thing a tragedy. I think 1 had as hard a. part to play as anyJ one. Guinevere made over Morse Herbert to me aa if hs had beon a fan or a bouquet to hold. Whenever he wanted to be with her sho used to call me on some porfcext, and then glide quietly away and leave us together. For the most part she went off with tho prince, and naturally Morse could not be aa lude as to leave me alone. ? , . 1 was so aorry for him ! I used to feel that I would have thankfully laid down my life to have made him happy. I wondered ut Guine vere as much as if she had suddenly changed by some supernatural influence, and I hated the prince more and more, because of the pain that he had caused my poor friend. And Morse was so grateful to mo ! It almost broke my heart to see how this fine, nublo follow clung tome because I wns Guinevere's sister, and how touched he was by my sympathy. One day he said, — 'Ah, Rachel! if Guinevere had your sweet nature and 16vo]y chaiac'er ; and if she only cared for me as muah as you do, dear little Bister 1' ? . 'She ib far hotter than I am, Morse,' I an swered ; ' and some day she will, love you aB you deserve to be loved.' I felt my face grow crimson when T said this, and, in Bpite of myself, the tears would come ii-' to my eyes— I dontt know why— only, perhnps,' it pained and shocked me to think thut my sister— my queen, my star, my beloved — should havo fallen so 'far below her beat self as not to love this noble follow, nnd to give him pain be cause of such a man as tho princo. We were all out on the terrace that evening, and. aa usual, the three men had clustered around Guineveiu— D.mak!, the prince, and Morse Herbert. It was a kind of triangular duel among them— a trial of skill which sliould claim her attention, und make himself the most favored. Morse, with an outburst of passion and pride strangely unlike himself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Guinevere respect and acknowledge them. The prince, quiet, subtle, fascinating, offering homage like incense, asked mutely for favor. Donald, feverish, eager, and in some cases insolent, nt least lo the prince, flung himself, as it were, on the spears of her scorn, but with a wild, st range air, as if he . wished to protect her — from whom or what ? And all this while she stood as a queen among them, supremo in graco and beauty and unconquerable pride, at K\ist to Morso and Djnald, but all sivootness and almost, tantiemes.1 to the Prince. Adeline and I, with Mackenzie and one o -two others, were at a little distaneo from then —just a few steps ; but I stood where I coulc hear and see all. ' How beautifully tho monn shines on tin fountain!' said Guinevore, suddenly, lookim down the long, dark avenue to where tin fountain, at the end, shone in the moonligh like some pale stiftly shrouded ghost. 'Yes, let me take you to it,' aaid Morsi Herbert, eagerly, ottering his arm. 'Yes; lot us go,' 6;iid Donald, ranginj. himself on the other side. The prince said nothing, but he looked afc hei with pleading oyes, aud she looked bick afc hin with answering ones. . ' ^ ' Very well, wo will go,' said Guinevero. Then in her quie*, queenly way, turning ti Morse said: 'Morso, bring Rachel. Th- Princo will take care of me.' She ignored Donald altogether. Such a strangely rapt, such a wonderful I00V of love and triumph and delight came on- the face of the prince as he took her hand anc d-ew it on his arm ! Ho was playing no parl here ! He did truly and really lovo her. Who, indeed, could help it? But I saw. Djnald Glenbarron seiza his arm and hold it for a minute, as if in a vice, and I distinctly heard him say: ' Scoundrel, you shall smart for this !' as h« pushed past him rudely and left the terrace in a rage. Morse, too, waa painfully agitated and I could feel his arm tremble with suppressed passion. But what could he do ? He was.nofc tho kind of man to muke a 'vulgar- brawl' for. thefavoi of any woman. If she preferred another, to him self; though it -broke hia heart, no would re spect her choice. He might, being a rmm, find some occasion to revenge himself oil- Inn rival, but he would not make a scene in the presence of his lady, and ho would not found his qu irrol on her name. I did my best to console him, but my best was very, very little. How could I console him in his terrible position, with nil the u^ony and humiliation that beset it ? What were my fullest love and symp.ithy to him, compared with the want of Guinevere's ? Ho seemed pleased, however, by my tendorn.ss, and he made my he»rt li»ht for all. its sorrowful hoav ings for him by tho way in which he said, — 'My darling little sister, without you I should bo wretched indeed ! You aro tho only point of light in my present; life. You are worth very much to me — you ure vory, vory dear.' ' I wish I could make you happy,' I answered, 'I would if I' could, Hoavm knows.' ' I know you would,' ho said ; ' and so fur as you can, you do. For my 'own solf- respoct I must not endure this position any longer. It iB nnuudurable, and Ishould despise thyself if I did -not put an end to it. I must niakeGiiino' vero explain herself clearly ; and if sho cannot lovo me — ' Ho stopped, for his voice suddonly broke, and I saw him raise his hand to his throat and loosen tho knot of his necktie.' ' Tnen wo shall lose you again, ?' I said ; and tears came into my oyes, whether I would or no. ' You will never loao mo,' ho nnswerod, pres-iingmy hand kindly. 'To tlio end of my life I shall novor forgot your sweet- kindnsas in me in my trouble ; and never oeuso to lovo you as my deur little Bister, my sweofc ciiild friend.' ' Thank you,' I said. But I was not quite a child. I was nearly eighteen now. Guinevere was just twenty three. That night there was an awful row down stairs amongst tho men. I was slandin-» by the open window, for I was too unhappy 'and be wildered to sleep, and I heard firat Donald and Morse talking together, then Donald and tho prince. I did not hoar the whole conversation, of course. I did not listen, nnd I could noi have hoard it ull even if I had listened. Besides I did not wish to hear it. But I did hoar Donald say to Morse, — ; 'Leave him to mo, Herbert; I will sottl 1 him better than you can,' and I heard him afterward say to the prince : ' You're a scoundrel— a bigger scoundrel than I thought you, Karl. If you do not drop it, I will expose you, cost whut it may.' .1 will not add tho oiiths and bnd lnnguago with which ho clenched this exolnmatiou. °J[ did not hear what the prince said in reply. Ho had a soft, low voico, and always spoke in a ruther subdued tone- ; but Donuld's voico was harsh and loud and rough, and ho never moderated it, so time it was easy to hear his answer in return, thnui'h I could not catch a nmirirl n! tha nf.liav ? 'I'n'um rViun»ir.in.v lirt # 