CURRENT TOPICS. A veneNAt, windihg-up of anlairs is taring plsco wigth regard to the Tasmanian )xhibition. Important matters are con stantly receiving thb attention of commis sioners, and are being dealt with in the most equitable and straightforward man ner. The hon. Adye Douglas was yester. day morning engaged deciding a question which has recently exercised the minds of several of the larger exhibitors. It appears that where a collection of one class of exhibits has been awarded a certificate no medal sume of the exhibitors claimed that ceah enearate antiClo eshiilld cceic'o the reward 'adjudged by.the jurors, but that such a course. was manifestly unfair was obvipus to the "emssssnioers. Mr Douglas has recommended that each ales of exhibits shall get the honours and not the individual goods. A good deal of careful consideration has, it is understood, been given to the question of the refunding of space money. The condition under which space was taken up was that if a surplus resulted by the Exhibition the charge for space would be returned, but subsequently some of the exhibitors signed a document releasing the comminmlouers from that contract. Some, however, did not do so, but were firm in requiring the return of the fees paid, and in course of time they sent their claims in to the executive. The commissioners have accsrted the responsi bility of their liability in this respect, but it has been suggested to many of the ex hibitors that they should allow their demands to go to the funds of the City and Suburbs Improvement Association. To the credit of most of these carrying on busi ness in Launceston be it said they have generously adopted the hint thrown out, and the association, which has done so much for the city, will be the recipient of a handsome sum of money. MIL W. A. B. BInROALL, who has been appointed Council Clerk for the munici pality of Longford, with attendant oflicos, vice Mr J. D. Bethune, reeigned, will enter upon his duties on Friday next. The pIro vious caiser ff Mr Birchall has been one which should render him peculiarly fitted for the work which the various ofices en tail,aud there is no doubt that the appoint ment will be most satisfactory. He is the eldest son of Mr A. W. Birchall and gained the A.A. Degree (first-class) in 1884. His articles were served principally in the offiecs of Messrs Douglas and Collins, where the practice is extremely varied, but the last year of tthem was spent at Messrs Dobson and Mitchell's, Hobart. Hto pa-sed one of the highest examina tions in lw, gaining full marks in by one subject, and was admitted as a barrister, solicitor, etc., on July 23, 1880. Since that date, after noting as managing clerk for some years to Mr Alfred Green, solicitor, he has successfully practised his profession at Launceston, and has also been admitted as a notary public for the colonies. Privately Mr Birchall has gained the respect and esteem of a laoge number of residents of the city, and it is hoped that his career will be a most prosperous one. Wrrie regard to the present discussion concerning the closing and delivery of ship mails, it is worthy of remark that the in coming Melbourne mails arrived yesterday in Launceston between the hours of 4 and 5 p.m., and could not possibly be delivered until all ito banks and many of the otfires had closed. Notwithstanding this the out going Melbourne mail closed at the post office at 7.30 this morning. Correepon. pondents in Melbourne who desire a reply per return will l1b many casee be disap pointed. Mn J. D. MEnsoN, the recognised tem. peranco statistician of Victlria, reports that the "drink bill" of that colony for 1801 amounted to £0,562,554. This is equivalent to £5 141 d. per head of the population. The ficuree for the previous year were £6,730,430 and £0 0, 7d respec tively. The decrease during the past year is at' ributed to the prevailing depression. Victoria steins far in asivaneg of all the other edlonies and also of the United King slosh in the expenditure on drink per head or the people. AT the Baptist Tabernacle, in Cimitiere street, yesterday evening Paster Clarke delivered Spurgeon's celebrated lecture on candles to a large audience, the building being filled throughout. The platform was profusely decorated and illuminated by over 200 candles, fairy lamps, and Chinese lasterns. The lecture, like most of Spur geon's productions, proved to be replete with wit, and the kind of dry humour peculiar to the late author of John Plough man's Talk and other kindred works. Throughout the lecture candles, lighted or otherwise, were used for purposes of illus tration to "point the moral or adorn the tale." For instance, the lifeless aristocra tic church" was represented by seven tall, eand-painted candles, unlit; steel filings dropped into the flame of a candle was em blematic of the character being brightened by trial; the proverbial burning of the candle at both ends received oculardemon stration; while a lighthouse, with a light shining from it, was typical of that light which is the light of the world. An allu sion to the long day coming when candles of any kind will be no longer needed brought an amusing,yet withal instructive, lecture to a close. A nxeETIGo of members and intending members of the Orpheus Orchestral Union was held in the class- room, Mechanics' In stitute, last evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr G. T. Collins occupied the chair. The rules of the late Laun ceston Musical Union were adopted with necessary alterations and additions. The following officers were elected :-President, Mr G. T. Collins vice-presidents, Meesre J. G. S. Fawns and A. Simnon; secretary, Mr A. Young; treasurer, Mr W. liolfe; librarian, Mr T. W. Rule; leeder, Mr A. G. Youngmnan; condisotor, Herr C. A. Siehert; committee, Merers A. Joscelyne, A. Alexander, W. Scott, A. G. Yousngmsn, H. Findlay, and C. A. Sisebrt. The society is nose firmly established, and it is expected that it will gain in favour as it becomon better known. All the memburs have signified thei'rintentisn of helping to promote the iuterease of the society in every cray. Music has already been pre pared for the first practice, echich will tales plans, to-morrow evening, in this Mechanics' Institute. A vote of thanks to the pre sident coneluded the meshing. Wn regret to have tO call the attention of tradespeople to the esirrosey of spesrious coin in the city. An excellent imitation of a shilling was yesterday passed upon a sisaret -tradesman who was uenable ha dis cern the difference from the genuine article for some time after the doobtfuel customer bed left the premises. In nine, shape, and weight the coin is indentical with that of the realm, but the esound is decidedly false, and it is evidently made of same composi tion. It is understood that several sus picions looking characters have recently arrived, and that they are endeavouring to get rid of the bane metal on unsuopoct leg shepkeepere. "LOseorOn NOTnS" writeson OTuen* day:s-"'A meeting of thse U.FS. Demon stratiso Csommittce was held in ties Temperance Hall on Sateurday evening to settle up matters in connection withe Eustor Menday's proeceedines. cehen thsere eves a fair attendance, Bro. C. W. Herbert, ILO.U., oceupyseg the choir. The proteste entered at the sports were considered, reosulting in Messrs T. Doyle and C. Glenn being die. qualifled for the Maiden Lace, and tho judges' derision uphold in the Potato Race, so that the price was awarded to J. C. Price. A good deal of routine ibesincess was transacted, sod acrounts asnoesting ts about £46 weso passed for payment.-The Warden and Mr L. Archer, J.P., attended at our police court yesterday morning. John lHodgetta pleaded guilty to leaving trespassed on the hind of Mr W. G3. Keans, of Spring banks, on Thureday last, end eros fined 10s, with 7s 6d costs. A PRELIMINARY meeting was held on Monday evening at the Tamar-street Church school-room, for the purpose of forming a reading and debating society to be called the Tamar-street Literary Circle, having as its object the mutual improve. ment of its members in general literature. Many pleasant hours are anticipated during the winter months at the fort- nightly meetings. It is proposed to occasionally vary proceedings by having a " public night," when friends of members will be invited and music and light refresh ment will play their part in making the evening pass pleasantly. The constitution is wide, admitting members of either sex over 15 years of age, names of whom will be submitted to the committee for approval. The meeting was an enthusiastic one, and the following office-bearers were elected: President, Rev. J. G. Wright; secretary, G. T. Freeman; treasurer, Mr Hinman; committee to select books, Rev. J. G. Wright, G. T. Freeman, Miss Gurr. We are informed that the following list of books has been submitted as being suitable for the purposes of the society, and that the suggestion has been approved: Coventry Patmore's " Angel in the house," Dickens a" Cricket on the hearth," Shake. speare's " Tempest," MacAulay's " Warren Hasticge," W: S. Landor's "Imaginary conversations," C. Kingoley's " Alton Locke," Banyan's "Grace abounding," Pinkerton's "Early Australian voyages." The association will meet on Monday even ing next, when the Rev. J. G. Wright will read a paper on " Combination for improve ment in knowledge." Several new mem bers have been proposed, and the society has bean launched with every prospect of asuccess. 'Tiee Services in connection with the Launceston Ministers' Association were continued at Chalmers Chuerch yesterday. En the afternoon Pastor Soltan read pas Sages four St. John's Gospel, the first Epistle to the Corinthians, and the second book of Chronicles; all having reference to the subject of our bodies being the temples of the Holy Ghost. After compar ing the re-opening and cleansing of the temple of Solomon under the reign of King Hezekiah to the opening of the human heart to the influence of the spirit by the complete surrender of the will, the speaker touched upon the results of such opening, including the refulgence of the glory from the heart into the outer court of everyday life. In the evening the usual Gospel service was held, when short, appropriate addresses were delivered by Pastor Soltan and the Rev. J. G. Wright (Tamar- street Congregational Church). There was the usual good attendance at both services. THE new gatehouse to be placed at the entrance of the Cataract Gorge path is now completed, and stands just inside the gates awaiting space to be allotted for it, which will be done as soon as the turnstiles are ready. The gatehouse is a square weather board tower, about 12ft high, with just enough room inside to allow one person to sit down comfortably. It is fitted with door, side windows, and cash window com plete, and will prove an extremely useful edifice. A WELL-ATTENDED committee meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Poultry and Dig Society was held at Mr Grange's office last evening, when a large amount of pre liminary business was got through. It was decided to hold the annual exhibition on September 7, 8, and 9 next, which should be a very suitable date. It was also decided to make a start to collect specials at once. Mn C. BnowN, head keeper at Kent's Group lighthouse, has forwarded a report to the Master Warden of the Marine Board of Hobart (says the Mercury), as to three earth tremors which were felt there on the 16th olt The times at which the tremors occurred were 0 40, 0 51, and 0G5G. No damage was done to either the tower or the quarters by the vibration. This is the second series of disturbances reported this year, the first being that felt generally over the southern portion of Australia and Tasmania. As intimated in the report of the recent shooting match at Perth, Mr J. C. Fcrgu onehas completed anrrangements for holding a trophy match for prizes offered by the celebrated gunnmakers, Greener and Cash more. To these trophies Mr Russell adds the sum of 35 cove, and the arrangements s for the match are published in our adver. tieing columns, the dates being June 7 and s 8. Nominations close on June 1, and the handiesps will be published two days later. An fles't will be muads by the committee " having charge of the arrangements to pro Side plenty of strong birds, and the match promises. to tiroate conmiderabile interest in shooting circles at each end of the island. Fsnoe the iVest Coast Times we learn that Mr Tarleton, who for the past five years has been manager of the Hokitika branch of the Bank of New Zealand, has been appointed Inspector of the Commercial Bank of Tasmania. Upon the occasion of his leaving the West Coast of Masiland, Mr Tarleton was the recipient of many tokens of esteem. He was eutert-ined ata public banquet at Hokitika, whilst the bank officials in the Westland district made him a handsome presentation. Mr Tarleton is a eon of the worthy police magistrate of Hobart. Toes fifty-eighth balance-sheet of the Bank of Australasia is published in another column. It states that after making the usual provision for rebate, taxes, and bad and doubtful debts, the not profit for the half-year ended 12th OQtober, 1891, was £100.525 13s 2d. The addition of £14.500 183 7d brought forward from the previous half-year gives a disposable balance of £115,026 11s Od, of which the dividend declared will absorb £100,000, leaving £15,026 11a Gd to be carried forward to tine neoxt account. Notneithatanding tins do. preoeation of securities consequent on recent financial troubles in some of the principal colonies, the directors, after their uonal close scrutiny of the colonial a'Ivances of the hank, are able to report that in their opinion all probable contingonoies have been provided for. Recent seaoons haya been favourablo to pastoral property, but the recovery of values is still retarded by the necakuess of tine neool markets, and by depreciation in thne prices of live stock. Tine volumes of exports from Noew Zeealand hiaslargely~increased during the last tnvo or three years. and there are further indi Ications that tine long-continuv~l commercial depression lis that colony is passing away. Tho dividend declared is at ties rate of 124 per cent. per annum, or £2 l0s per share for the half- yoar, and it nwill be payable, free of incomo-tax, in London and in the colonies, on the 1st of April. The reserve fund now amounts to £500,000, giving total lisinilitics £19,318 087 14n l0d. Wen understand that Mr F. Bhaseettlluli, who is at present in Lanonceston, is ens roale to the other colonies, where, in conjusctiorki with Dr. Roth, he will gathec information relative to the paper, mrtal, Government, and token nurreucy of the early days in Australia and Tasmania. The information thus collected anill form the snibject of an elaborate trestieo,nehich nvill be invalnnablo as a contribution, and a very necessary one, to sur antiquarioninhistory. MSr Hull'elate father sell be remembered an one of tine most accurate recorders of the history of old .times, Inie narratives always bring faithful and pleasantly told. To the deceased gentleman's valusabis doeu. Inssnts, Mr F. B. Hull of course hns ready access, so thnat Ine poseseeos peculiar advan. tages for tins wore he hao nunderlaken. Dr. Roth's brother will be remembered as one of the historians of long ago, and the doetor himself will he able to render much valuable assistance. Sir Lambert Deheon han entered very warmly into the project, and thnronegh tie kindly iefluence some of tine old paper currency- uounnd up in the records of the Suiprosne Court-muss been made available. Thonngh tine proponed treatise will deal primarily with unimlo. matics it will embroce snuch of early hnistory well worth preserving, and will re call incidento nehich lnonild not be forgotten relating to the early pioneers wins laid thec foundation of a nation in a wilderness. Mr Hull in anxionus that anyonse whso io ahie to aid bins in his work will do so, and with thus oliject in micro any coins. slocumnocsl, or letters ferwardesi to Mr WV. F. Petterd for hie neill be thankfuilly receivod and acknowledged. 'I'nnacs wao a clean sheet at tine City Police Court yesterdey. Messes B. F. Farrelly and J. C. Cathn cart. J.'nP., yeoterday grunted Miss Mor rieon, Icons Hotel, Weot Tamar, and Robert Taylor, Cronen Inn. permission to sell liquors in booths at Mowbray Race. course to-day. WE learn that a gentleman who hass been for some years a resident at Port 1 Sorell has succeeded to the title and estates of an Earldom in he peerage of Great Britain. The new Earl will take back to his ancestral halls quaint recollections of pioneering days in Tasmania, and his friends, who are very numerous, will seud with him their beat wishes and congratu lations. IN the sitting of the Supreme Court to morrow in its £100 jurisdiction the only case to be heard is that of Morrison v. Hardman, claim for £100 damages. The case Archer v. National Benk of Tasmania has been withdrawn by the plaintiff. WE. understand that the City and Suburbs Improvement Association has decided to purchase four acres of land in the vicinity of the First Basin from Mr W. Barnes. This will fittingly terminate the picturesque Gorge path, and when laid out as a pleasure ground will prove one of the most attractive spots in the southern hemisphere. Many schemes have been mooted with reference to uses to which the newly acquired land might be put, but it is too early as yet to expect any definite scheme to have been prepared. It is cer tain that improvement will be the order of the day, and that in a few months' time the spot will be a favourite resort for citi zens and visitors. TEe committee having charge of the Saturday night temperance meetings will meet this evening. iea SAsisnE DURBe Air, 11.R C.V.S., late of London, has commenced jraction in Laon* TueSupreme Court small dehte(0l00) sitting which was to have taken place to-day, stands adjourned until tomorrow. A siggneso of the combined Loyal Orange Lodges will be hsld this evening. Goon MoeNING I have you used Pear's e sonpt Pear's snap for toilet and nuoser), es pecially prepared for the delicate skin of ladies and children, and others sensitive to the westhesr, winter and summer. Scented tablets Is ensi; smnaller (lnroonted) Cd. 