ANTS IN THE BILLY- - G-wydir Hassall, M.P., was evidently sent to the Farmers Conference at Wagga last week in the Government interest. It was rich to hear him stuffing the farmers that they had done splendidly as far as they had gone, and if they would only continue to be as moderate, the whole country would be with them, etc., etc. Be moderate, be gentle, don't worry us, and don't hanker after re forms too eagerly. Yes, be moderate, what ever you do. It is the same old injunction, used since the world first saddled itself with rulers. Vested interests, plutocracy, free dom of contract Governments, and robbers generally, cry in chorus, 'be moderate,' whenever the workers make a move towards getting back some of their own. Be moderate ! Ask a little and receive a lot. Yes, a Sheol of a lot. The unemployed in Melbourne asked for a little work, and they got it — tramping up to the Labor Bureau and back several times a day. That's about all the work the magnificent Victorian statesmen can find for the unemployed. And just because the out-of-works didn't relish this sort of graft on empty stomachs, and weren't strictly 'moderate' in their lan guage, Minister Graham threatens to shut up the Bureau, and gaol those of the un employed who will not ' be moderate.' # # * Grifanaka, says, in Queensland Parlia ment, that some of the Labor Party outside want to murder him. Things must be rather 'humpty-do' with Griffith when he is driven to ghost -raising in order to divert public attention from his slave-dealing legislation, and at the same time boost the nefarions Elections Bill. For the purpose of getting free board and lodging, and police protection, Jack Ketch used to declare that people wanted to murder him. Hangmen, to this day, follow the same plan . The Czar of Russia, and every other tyrant, ob tains a temporary lease of power by getting spies to find bombs and destruction lying around loose. It strikes us Griffith's at tempt at working up a scare to blacken the Labor cause will about leave him ' ' in the soup.' The other day this brass -faced turncoat told the unemployed that the only cure for their trouble was a reduction of wages all round. sA man who could write ' Wealth and Want,' and then say that, is about as low' down as he can get, and pro bably wouldn't hesitate to stab Labor in the dark if necessity seemed pressing enough. So' sensible folk will take Griffith's murder scare with a very large quantity of salt. *? * * ? .. 'Lynch, the informer in the camel shooting case, for which J enner was committed for trial in Bourke last week, has tumbled into the soup. There is a reward of £100 out for another camel supposed to have been shot at the Grass Hut a short time since, and Lynch, in his hurry to snap the boodle, forgot to make sufficient inquiry as to the particular camel for which the reward was offered, and now, to his disgust, finds that his perfidy, in rounding on his mate, brings him no reward other than the opprobrium which always attaches itself to an informer. 