Theatrical Topics. Mr. Bland Holt lies beon doing immonso business at Hobart during tlio holiday seasou. Theatres nro moat common in tho United States, whoro there nro about 05 to every 1,000,000 inhabitants. Bald-licnded gontlomun in pit (to lady in dress oirolo) : Madam, I respect your oinotion, hut you aro weeping on my licud. The business done with Mr. Musgrovo's puntomlmo at tho Thoatro Royal, Sydney, is said to bo tho best on record for that thoatro. An American theatrical manager who has paid Madumo Modjo.ska 500,000 dollars l'or lior services on tho stugo is in the Bankruptcy Court in England. Miss Nollio Stewart is to play Susan in tho new opera " Black-oyod Susan," to bo pro duced at the Shaftesbury Theatre shortly. Miss Marin Burton will also be iu the east, and tlio opora will bo conducted by Mr. Alfred Plumptou. Sir Arthur Sullivan's opora " Ivanlioo " will bo first given iu German nt the Imperial Opera Houso, Berlin, on January 27, by command of tlio Emperor. Tho choice of his Majesty's birthday for suoli a production must ho roguraod as a spocial compliment to tho British composer, Mr. J. C. Williamson will probably soiid out a second oomio opora company shortly. Having an extensive ropartoiro of the best works iu this class and a big staff of people, Mr. Williuuison, tlio Sydnoy Telegraph thinks, should be ablo to cover tho colonics profitably with two com panies. Mr. D. Christie Murray's bankruptcy ac counts wero very simple. IIo had extensive liabilities but no money. Ho made £800 lust year and nccountod for 10s. of it. He expressed his willingness to hand ovorytliing, including tho rights of "Ned's Chum (which will not ronliso a very fubuluus sum), orcr to tlio assignee. Tho Sydney Daily Telegraph reports thnt Mr. Walter Bontloy opened his New Zealand tour at the Now Your, beginning ids lour, most appropriutvly, nt Scotch Duacdiu. "Hamlet" was tlio first play, witli Mr. Bontloy in the iiaino part, Mr. Clifton AUlerson as tho Ghost, Mr. C. Hollo way us tho King, Mr. Grcomiwuy its Liortos, Mr. Lnchlnu M'Gowau ns PolouiiiH, Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia, and Miss Alice Deorwyu as tho Queen. Tlio brief autumnal season of opera nt Covoat Garden closed on November 21, when " Car men " was onco inora given iu Erouch, with Madame Dcscliaiiips as tlio gipsy heroine, tho rest of tho cast remaining as before. At tho end of tlio performance Sir A. Harris caino before tho curtain, and, boitig called upon for a speech, announced that ill ccnscqucnco of tho success already achieved lio intended to bring tlio vocalists of tho Paris Opera Coiniquo again to London next year. Messrs. Gilbert and Collier's now comic opora " Tho jMountobunkH," was, as nlreudy announced by cable, proiliicod ut tlio Lyrio Thoatro on December 10. Tho plot, in which it is understood an automatic man on tlio "put- a-poniiy-in-tlio- slut" principle figures, in of nn uproarmgly fanny character, and the principal parts wore played by Misses Gcriildino Dlmar, Lue.illo Saunders, Ada Jenouro, and Eva Moore; Messrs. Lionel Brougli, Monkhousc, Arthur Playfuir, E. Y/ynit, Charles Gilbert, Cecil Burt, Furncaiix Cook, and John Robei't- KOll. Mtidnmo Fanny Siiaonscu's Opera Com pany liavo closed, their season iu Adc- lnido (says tbo Sydnoy Telegraph). Tlio original intention wus to proceed to Brisbuuo from Adelaide, but in view of tlio great cost involved iu tho transference of so largo a com pany and tlio cxtromi! depression of business in tho Quoouslaud capital at tho present limo, it has been decided to abandon tho visit to that city. Arrangements aro now ponding for a theatre iu Syduoy, and it is probable that iu tho lucaulimo a short series of operatic representa tions will bo givon iu Melbourne. Thus tho Sydnoy Daily Telegraph : Mrs. Langtry appears to have made up horinind not to como to Australia "ut present, at any rato," though slio may visit it "somo day." An otter was mudo to her, she says, hut slio do- oliuad it. On tho other hand Messrs. Brough und Bouoiuault'.s representative speaks of a coii- traot duly signed, ssalc;l, and delivered between liis principals and tlio lady, but in which tlio uutunl date was not mentioned. Tho real truth of tlio thing is probably this — thnt when Mrs. Langtry's pale star is declining nud lior l'ow successful impersonations nro no longer popular sho will travel Australia on tha strength of a colabrity as much personal as urfistic. Miss Jtiliu Marlowe, tlio American actress, who proposes a tour in Australia, is warmly praised as nn artistic delineator of tlio .Tuliots, the Fortius, and other Slmkesperiun ehuraotors of tlio poolie ratlior limn the tragic stylo. Madanio Bernhardt, after seeing tlio young lady iu "Ingomar," is reported to have said : " I liuvo seen an American actress for whom I predict the brightest ful'.'.rc. ' I mean Julia Mnriowe. Sho is u marvellous and interesting artist, refined, subtle and sympathetic. In a short time slio will bo ono of tho fow really grand dramatic artists on tlio stugo. She is particularly freo from faults and never exag gerates her tones or gestures. AU that sho does is dainty sunt delicate." It "has boon reported that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan will again collaborate for the production of yet auntlier comic opera. Tlio statement is declared to be extremely safe, but lie details linvu boon given. What is much more definite is till! fact that Mr. Gilbert ami Mr. Georgo tirossinilii nro engaged upon u comb: opera. Tlio book is in tlio hands of Mr. Groc.-uiith, and tho mimic by tho "Society clown ' ' is woll under weigh. What it is about, or whoro it will be produced, aro among tboso tilings not generally known. Mr. Grossmitli will undertake a farewell tour iu tho provinces, beginning in January and finishing during the full season iu Loudon. Ho will then rest for a few weeks, previous to his departure for America in the autumn. Mr. Fred. Leslie, burlesque actor and writer, rebels against the managerial blue pencil as oaraustly as Mr. II. A. Jones. Ill his latest interview in Sydney, Sir. i e.-dio (says u London writer) incidentally remarked that ono reason for testing tlio merits of " Cindor-Elion" at tlio Antipodes wus that London managers in sisted at rolicaraul " on chirping u burlesque solely with a view to the finiiiiiiicnts." Now wo know who is responsible for ruthlessly destroying tho literary features of Gaiety bur lesques, eliminating alt truces of consecutive story, and practically converting tliom into variety entertainments. When Mr. Leslie ro- turns a fow weeks hence he should take a theatre for liimsolf, and show how a burlesque ought to bo produced. AVorsliippers of AVngiicr nro exultant over tlio accounts of tho Beyrouth "Festspiol" of this year— " tho crowning success of a long Hories of triumphs." "Tlio Moistor" statoa that more tiiuu 3,000 seat s were sold in London nlono, or twice as mum- us iu 1889. Many an applieunt to Messrs. Cbuppell win seat empty away, whilst Hcrr Gross, the Bay reutli ' ' Ycr- waUimgsratli, " was besieged with letters, averaging 200 a-duy, from would-bo tickot- holdurs, long aftor the wholo stock of seats hud been absorbed ; and outsiite tlio official sales, tho coveted tickets wero changing hands »t a premium of from 100 to 100 per coat. Xi is farther stated thufc though tho oxponscs of production were 011011110101, amounting to £27,000 or £23,000, thoro was still a profit of from £2,000 or £3,000 upon theso 20 perform ances. Various rumours liuvo boou ourrent in regard to a souson of German opera in London ; but the Baity News says that preliminary arrango- monts huvo now been miulo by which it is hoped that a series of performances, in which somo of tho leading urtists of tho Beyrouth Festival will tnko part, will ho givon in Lon don iu May and Juno noxfc. Iu addition to tho Wugnoriau operas it is proposed to inolndo in tho repertory Poter Cornelius's "Barber of Bagdad," Marsoliner's "HunH Hoiling" (ori ginally produced at Hanovor as far baol: ns 1833, but recently revived in Germany with groat sucoobs), and other popular works. Several omiuont artists, with Fruu Suoher and Horr Alvnty at thoir head, nro mentioned as likely to bo members of tho troupe. Gormnu opora has boon stnmgoly neglected in London for some years past, but that it is to bo tried again under adequate conditions will bo a souroo ..(d sutisfaotion to many musio lovers. 