News of the Churches. _\ The Earl of Meath gave an address in St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Carlton, on Sun- day evening. His Eminence Cardinal Moran performed the ceremony of opening a"new convent at Ryde on Sunday afternoon. The Rev. Colin Bleazard, a native of West Maitland, hp.s been promoted by the Wealeyan Conference to do duty in Samoa. Sunday last, April 3, was set apart by the Con- gregational churches of this colony as a day of special prayer for the outpouring of God's Bpirit. The half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of New South Wales is to be held this year at Campbelltown, commencing on Monday, May 9. The new session of Camden Congregational College was opened by an inaugural meeting in the Pitt-street Church, Sydney, on Tuesday even- ing last, April 5. The Bishop of Tasmania has offered to make an episcopal tour through the Melanesian Mission about July next, if no Bishop for that extensive diocese be earlier appointed. Father HdefonBus, of Marrickville, and Father Alfred, of Goulburn, are holding a mission in the R.C. Church of the Sacred Heart, Inverell. The church is crowded nightly. The Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goul- burn, paid a visit to St. Patrick's College on April 1. He was welcomed by the president, the Rev. M. Phelan, and presented with an address by the students. The Rev. J. Gribble, who has been appointed to the position of resident missionary at the newly established mission to the aborigines at Bellenden Ker, North Queensland, is expected in Sydney early this month. The Wesleyan mission in New Guinea is to be largely reinforced, three mission sisters (the first of the new order), with a number of native teachers from Fiji and Samoa, being en route for that district and New Britain. Father Bennett, Provincial of the Redemptorist Order of Great Britain, accompanied by Father O'Laverty, are passengers by the M.M.S. Aus- tralien, on an official visit to two houses of the order at Newcastle and Ballarat. The vacancy in the pastorate of the Waterloo Congregational Church has been filled, Rev. John Beckenham, of Orange, having accepted the posi- tion. Mr. Beckenham will commence his ministry at Waterloo on the first Sunday in May. A farewell complimentary banquet was ten- dered to Dean Slattery at Cooma a few evenings ago. The rev. gentleman has been transferred to the parish of Newtown. A handson e and costly solid silver salver was, with a purse of sovereigns, presented to tho dean. The Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Roman Catholic Bishop of Goulburn, paid a formal visit to the Catholic schools at Goulburn on Monday, and was presented with addresses of welcome from the children of the various schools on his return from a prolonged visit to Ireland and Rome. Rev. C. J. M'Coy left Berry on April 4 to con- duct the Wesleyan charge at Jamberoo, and Rev. Corner, of Bowral, takes his place. Mr. M'Coy's departure will be viewed with regret, esnecially by the members of the school of arts, of which body he was a prominent member. The Queensland Wesleyan Church has lost no time in taking action to secure its own legal status, for a bill is already before the legislature of that colony to give the trustees of Wesleyan Church property ample, uniform, but well defined authority in relation thereto, when the new con- ference is opened. The new cathedral at Townsville is progressing rapidly, the arches being in several cases com- pleted, though a considerable sum of- money will require to be spent before the needed work is finished. It was uninjured by the flood and hurricane preceding that of last week, and so far no unfavorable intelligeuce has .been received respecting this work. The recently-appointed genoral secretary of the Church of England Board of Missions, Canon Whitington, has entered upon his duties, and before leaving Adelaide, he held a conference with the Bishop and clergy of that diocese. He pur- poses arranging similar gatherings at Melbourne and Ballarat as he journeys hence, the general secretariat being at the Chapter House in this city, Sydney. The Itinerancy of the Wesleyan Church cost this colony alone last year close upon ¿Ë800, the exact amount being ¿8796 14s. ThiB year there are 60 removals in New South Wales, and near 20 additional in Queensland. What is so costly should be for the good of both ministers and people, and doubtless in the past this has been the case. It must not be overlooked in the con- sideration of this question, that the destruction of the existing system may mean the confirmation of certain city appointments without limitation. The churchwardens of All Saints' Church, Tumut, have been informed that the Rev. Mr. Watson, formerly of Mu¡rumburrah, will probably succeed the Rev. H. E. Thompson, who is leaving this parish for Murrumburrah. It has been announced that the proceeds of the fancy fair held during the races in aid of All Saints' Church building fund amounted to ¿8141 12s. The Primate, Bishop Saumarez Smith, lyffc Sydney for Townsville last week, and expects to be absent during the current month. He was to be present to conduct the installation of the Bishop of North Queensland, Dr. Barlow, in St. James's Pro-Cathedral, Townsville, on Thursday, the 7th, at 11.15 a.m. Bishop Barlow is also bringing several clergymen out with hiru from England. The Rev. Geo. Campbell, of the Burwood Con- gregational Church, is delivering a series of Sun- day evening lectures ou " Human Brotherhood and Present Day Movements," that on Sunday last being entitled " The Inequalities of Man and Brotherhood." Mr. Campbell is well able to deal with his subject, and the series evinces deep sym- pathy with those who need the assurance of a brotherhood. The Victoria and Tasmania Wesleyan Confer- ence gave a deliverance on the labor and capital question, affirming deep sympathy with all affected by the friction which exists, commending in gene- ral the principle of co-operation, without pro- nouncing on any particular scheme, and affirming the teachings of the New Testament on all moral and social questions to be sufficient and supreme. The vacancy in an Anglican Episcopate in this colony has already given rise to the discussion of the long-vexed question respecting the appoint- ment of clergymen with colonial experience to such positio-as. Without overmuch reference to " schools of thought," our church contemporary suggests the desirability of prayer for the appointment of one "full of faith and of the Holy Ghost." The Rev. J. C. Harris, a successful student of Camden Congregational College, was ordained to the work of the Christian ministry last week, ia the Pitt- street Church, Sydney, the Rev. W. Scott presiding, and the Rev. G. J. Fraser, M.A., delivering the charge. On Sunday last Mr. Harris entered upon his duties as pastor of the - Auburn and Granville Church with "encouraging prospects. The presidency of the Rev. W. ' R. Fletcher, M.A., of Adelaide, at the late federal meeting or the Congregational Unions of Australasia, held in New Zealand, is said to have given great glow, dignity, and vivacity to the proceedings. His conduct of-the jubilee meeting at Wellington wa» a masterpiece of affability, wisdom, liveliness, an 3 persuasive tact. Of the ¿810,000 jubilee fund vhich it is proposed to raise, ¿81700 were contri- buted at the inaugural meeting. Attention is directed in the late issue of our Congregational contemporary that the Australian visitors to Wellington (N.Z.) lately, and who went .to pay a tribute of affection at the lasfe earthly resting place of Alexander Milne, " had to* summon the , verger in order to discover the Bpccial and holy hillock they sought," and our contemporary adds " the dust of Alexander Milne deserves more than a nameless grave." Almost a complete change of ministors is to take place in Bombala parish. The Revs. Canon Betts and G. Jennings, both of the Church of England, leave shortly, the former for Cootamun- dra and the latter for Cobargo ; as also does the Rev. A. Palmer, Wesleyan minister, who is removing to the Tweed River. The Rev. W. Metcalf, of Wagga, will probably undertake the Church of England, and the Rev. G. Chappell, of Cobargo, the Wesleyan incumbency. | A new Congregational Church has boen erected at Rockdale recently at the corner of Fraderick and Watkins streets, to accommodate about 200 adults. The opening services were inaugurated on Sunday last by Revs. Dr. Roseby, E. Moore, and C. Moon; lwge congregations assembling on each occasion. Sabbath services of a special character will be continued on Sunday, the 10th; and a public meeting is to be held on the 12th in- stant in connection with this event. The Rev. Dr. Paton, with tho instincts of a missionary, has written warmly on the black labor question as it has been introduced to the notice of Australia lately by Queensland, in fact, the Dr. is said to have " made a fierce onslaught " on the manifesto which announced the contemplated resuscitation of the defunct labor traffic between. Queensland and the Pacific Islands. The churches have good reason to take all care of their helpless flocks. A Fresh Air League has been formed in Sydney by a few philanthropic ladies, and the Rev. Dr. Steel, writing on this truly Christian endeavor, Bays : " There is no end to the ingenuity of bene volence." The design is to provide the sickly and peor residents of some of the crowded streets of the city with the means of securing a month's residence in the country. The idea has been started, and the management is under a com- mittee of ladies, chiefly in Sydney. The South Australian Presbyterian "General Assembly was presided over by the Rev. James Fraser, Moderator, who, in his opening address, dwelt on the causes of the large number of vacan- cies in the pastorate of the Church, and which he attributes to the low estimate set on the pastoral office by public opinion, the small remuneration which is given to ministers, and the low standard of spiritual life prevailing. The assembly resolved to endeavor to import a number of ministers, and the churches guarantee ¿E200 a j ear for two years. This, certainly, is not very tempting ! The establishment of Presbyterian synods ia strongly advocated by some at Sydney, New- castle, Bathurst, Armidale, and Goulburn, the chief reasons urged being that it would be econo- mical, avoiding the necessity of ministers and representatives travelling such long distances, and of course being absent for so long a period. Such synods could deal with the formation of new charges ; they would also give a visibility to the church which is at present wanting, except; where the general assembly is held ; and such church courts would tend to decentralise the general work of the church in this colony. Not the loast important of the overtures pre swnted to the xecent General Presbyterian Assembly, in the opinion of the official representa- tive of that church, was the one sent up by 13 members of the Presbytery of Sydney, asking the assembly to take into consideration the recogni- tion and organisation of women's work in the church. The question is likely to be a live one during the year, as the editorship is enthusiastic in its favor, and the discussion of its merits is invited in the columns of the paper. The number of ministerial valedictory meetings or services of a more financial character in con- nection with the Wesleyan Church is very great, and if any excuse Í3 given for the omission of " valedictories and wolcomes," the blame, if such there be, rests with the churifti. To omit any is by some taken to be almost synonymous with the condemnation of the sorvices rendered. To men- tion any therefore becomes dangerous unless all can be reported, which is impossible at present. That more favorable weather may be experienced for removal and travel is the sincere wish of all concerned, and of ourselves. The New Zealand Wesleyan Conference, just held, is said to have been a very successful one; the chief features being expedition, unanimity, and aggression. Higher education is to be stimu- lated; a connectional secretariat established; an exchange of ministers is to take place with South Australia; Methodist union is strongly advocated, and ministerial help is to be sought from England, though a theological tutor has been appointed to succeed the one deceased. There has been an increase of about 200 in the accredited church members. The Rev. T. J. Heffernan, of the Church of England, who has officiated in Milton for the past four and a half years, has effected an exchange of pulpits with the Rev. J. Hornsby Spear, of Mount Victoria. During his residence in this district, Mr. Heffernan has endeared himself to all, no . matter of what denomination, by his kindly and cheerful nature, and by his practical and Christian sympathy in all mattera pertaining to the good of the community. As. president of the School of Arts for the past two years he has taken a very active interest in the well-being of that institution, and its forward position is in no slight manner due to his energy. The rev. gentle- man will carry away with him the good wishes of the residents of this district. 