ST. LEE8 'AS PSONAGE. LAYING FIRST BLOCK. PE.RF.cr weathef ushered in the New Year, and helped to make the ceremony of laying the first block of St. Luke's Parsonage an auspicious and effective one. The new building is to occupy the old site in Miller street, and almost ere this is in type the old house will be a thingof the past, as it was sold by auction on the last day of the old year. An awning gay with bunting had been erected on the ground, and at the ap pointed time the Rev. C. H. Barnes began the proceedings by reading Psalm 1I7, "Except the Lord build the house," &c.;, and offering prayer. Mrs. G. H. Taylor, formerly of Azwarby, was then introduced to an interested audience by the Rev. W. G. Hindley, who said: It was a fitting compliment to pay to Mrs. Taylor, and a fitting thing that she should lay the foundation block of the new parsonage. In the first place, she had known the district for many years ; and in the second place the Taylors, the sons of our guest, were all laying foundations-one of a successful career as a politci'an; n?e of one flecting farmers; another for many years had been laying the foundation of the King dom, by building or enlarging churches, and had been greatly blessed in his work as a clergyman. Now, the mother of these gentlemen was good enough to lay the block of the new building. The speaker then alluded to the necessity for, and the uses of, the building about to be commenced, and formally introduced Mrs. Taylor to the com pany, and asked the Rev. C. H. Barnes to give her the materials to do her work with. Mfr. Barnes then presented Mrs. Taylor, in the name of the Vestry, with a small ebony mallet, mentioning that it would be mounted and suitably inscribed as a memento of the event. Mrs. Taylor spoke briefly in well-chosen sentences of the great pleasure she took in perfonning the ceremony, and of her long connection with the district. She then, tapping the block, declared it well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. C. H. Barnes said that some 24 years ago Mr. Taylor's name was inscribed in the document placed under the foundation stone of St. Luke's Church as a Trustee, Mrs. Taylor was therefore a link with the past history of the parish, and they were particularly fortunate in havingherpresence that day. He thanked her for the gracious way in which she had done her duty, and said that they would look forward to many pleasant visits. Mr. John Lewis, the Architect, also deserved mention as having done his duty in an admirable spirit. Mr. Barnes then spoke at some length of the social uses of the parsonage, and said that the old house was altogether inadequate to the requirements of the social side of parochial life. The following document would be wistten on parchment and placed among the permanent records of the parish: "In the name of 'he Father, and of thlq S and ofthe dO (host, the fUa.a I s rSft't.sLue's att,.4so Yla,, is li,. thIs st day of Juary, si the year of ouar Lord 1892, by Mrs. G. II. Taylor, of Balwyn. In the lhl year of the reignt of her most gracious najesty Qteet Victoria, Queen of Great itcaiun andi Ireland, &c; Lord Hopetoun, t;osrnor of Victoria; and in the fifth year of the Episeop:ste of tihe Right Rev. Field Flerers Goe, Lord Bisihop of Melbourne; Iusey Burgh Macartney, D.D., being Dean of Melbourne; and Charles HIarryv arnes, being the OHiciating Minister of .'ea Parociaisl District. ALFRED WI. tASt.M, JAnES D. Wtrs'ars, J.s., WILLIAM WILSOsN, Churchwardens. DANIEL M'LEISIf, TuoMAs S. ScaLE, TuIIoAs F. ROOERTs, ERtEST-r H. BURoEas, Vestrymen." The proceedings ended with the Bene diction, pronounced by the Rev. W. G. Hindley. 