WtODED IflDllW ; A wi"ifi UVID. PART II. CHAPTER VII. . - THE DARKENING SKY. " Yj| mademoiselle," responded Popples.: " I wanted to ask fur a day hoft." A " You' may go, to-morrow, and make it three <feys," murmured Violetta ; "and if you would like a five pound note to pay your expenses, let it be generally under- stoodthht Preached Kingsdean Abbey at eleven ojclotk to-night, and the carriage never came; after me. You understand, do you not;?" "I understand — yes, made moiselle," responded Popples. " You got back at sixtfyjop like me to say so." "Eleven is the hour," h's mistress made answer.i y" Drive back now as quickly and as silently as you know how." ; She-pjpsed the door , as she spoke, and satftcback in the cushions. Popples touched hiphat, scrambled up to the box without another wqrd, and in an incred ibly short tame Mademoiselle Violetta was being rattled down the road in the direction of Kingsdean Abbey. " It was half-past two when Popples sprang 'down from the box, opened the gates,. <nd 14 the horses into ,the broad courtyard, and 'the house was wrapped in darkness, save where one solitary light glit tered in the. window of the tower chamber, lookfngilke a feeble little star peeping out of the; ivy that wreathed the old abbey like k'sKroud ; or, perhaps; it-might be more apropos to say looking like a " ghost-lamp" flickering in the dingiest and dreariest of mansions possible|to con-; ccive ; forJKingsdeao Abbey hadbeen built during the reign of " good Queen Bess," and boastedjof tljose old peaksand towers, and turrets, with wings and gable ends cropping out everywhere, in which uncom-: fortablt-1 -)oking,hunch-backed, rheumatic1 suggestive architecture the subjects of Elizabeth found, or fancied they ' had found, the acme of beauty in piling wood, and ironajjfo £t$ck(t6ijether, s©». that your hed was Ranged .here, your nose was barked there, and a shutter whacked you somewhere else, if you for- got thj| rtfjs.mppument of -beauty had; the cbnvulsive propensity' of bumping out everywhere you least expected it, and dropping in where yoa thought it would bulge out. Violetta looked up at the window of the; tower Chamber as the carriage halted, and' a stpHe .came over her pale lips. " Mignonnette is waiting," she murmur ed, softly, "Dear Mignonnette! She. ncver fdigets me — never retires until I under the roof. You have the keys oft course, Popples ? Open the door and cefnejntttir reacec kingsdean at eleven " Yes, my Lady," returned the man ; and assisting his mistress up the ateps he unlocked the ponderous doore ana swung them open Violetta had expected to find the cprridor quite dark, but a light was there, fad, !flfcifgi#p(:£he beheld a . woman of; six or eight and twenty standing on the broad staircase, with a lamp in ner hand . She was very beautiful, this woman, but there was a certain look of sadness over that beauty ao.iooxing closer, , you saw that she' leaned tipbn a crutch, and that one withered limb hung limp and useless beside Its mate. Violetta ran up the steps, took the lamp from her hand, and kissed her with a sisterly tenderness. , " You are down quickly, Mignonnette,' she said. The carriage has only just entered the courtyard." " But I saw it while.it was yet aquarter df a mile down thd/ road, " .Mignonnette; made reply. " I have been watching for its return, ever since it went away. I sent your maidtObed with the others, and Waited to help, you disrobe myself. Here we are — your, boudoir is ready to' 1 receive 'fts> queen, dear." They passed through a door to the left of the passage and Mignonnette set down the lamp. It was a bright little.- boudoir this, and fitting such daintjr ' beauty as Violetta's ; with walls of palest blue, draped with Brussels lace ; panels of silver filagree work ; quaint Sevres vases ; little gems of art in frames" of "i'viww and chairs that were like # r - «» >»! -.'. -mis about tbciu, vvCi ,itc j-.-i.est M4 daintiest of velvet carpets, with mirrors, that shone, o.ut from clouds of lace and showed youi.how jyou looked, front, and back, and -sideways, and the odour of Parma violets filling all the air. Violetta closed the door, struck a match and lighted the additional lamp — an odd little thing. All Cupids and blue flowers, that cost twenty pounds in London and then sank down in one of the soft silken chairs. "It was foolish of you to sit up so long, Mignonnette," she said. " You are wasting your strength, dear, for the doctor told us in Paris that you must retire early, and get all the rest possible." .. Mignonnette laid aside her crutch, and sank op-her knees at mademoiselle's feet. " liest ! Madolin," she said, tenderly. "Do'you think I could rest while you are away ?" Look at me. Poor, miserable cripple that I am, I am the creature of your bounty, and I love you as a dog might Jove its master. Life hs no brightness left to give me ; you are all I care for, all I want to have near me, and. without you the world is void. This is not much like Mademoiselle Mignon nette De Courcey, is it ? — not much like the little actress who loved the world and all it hap to give her. And still less am I like the giddy, foolish creature who learned to love you on the Europa, and nursed you after he was drowned. When we parted that.. Christmas-time in Lon don, I said if- ever you needed a friend you would find one in me. I didn't fore see the accident which has made me a useless cripple ; I never dreamed that you would stand my friend instead of lice versa, and it is little I can do to re pay your kindness. Time was when I could, but not now. I am only a cripple for life, only a friend in name." Mademoiselle stooped and kissed the beautiful, wistful face. " You were a friend in deed as well as name, Mignonnette." she said, tenderly ; . " and but for you, what should I have done in this big, cold, empty world ? You nursed me on shipboard; paid my bills in London, sent me money to return to yon when my father cast me off, and you per suaded the manager to try me as a debut ante. It is to your tireless devotion, to your teaching, Mademoiselle Violetta owes her success as an actress, and Mado lin |Trevelyan owes her gratitude as a woman. You are my sister, Mignonnette and neither sunshine nor shadow shall sunder us to the end." And the little actress — who hid stood her friend when Basil Trevelyan had been lost at sea — lifted her beautiful smiling face, and murmured, softly : " I will live for you, Madolin : and I will die for you, if need be." Mademoiselle made no reply. She heard the words, however, and in after years she liked to remember how Mig nonnette had looked then — liked to re call the soft voice that spoke to her, and the face that looked up to hers in the yel low lustre of lamplight that night in the blue boudoir. Mignonnette drew closer, and laid her clasped hands on Mademoiselle's knee. " But you haven't told me how you suc ceeded, Madolin," she said. " You haven't told me what the Earl of Glandore said, nor what you have discovered relative to ,the title'you should bear, dear. Oh, .Mado lin ! Madolin ! have you found your name ? .- Has the prayer of my life been answeredat last ?" Madolin shivered a little, and let her hand fall back on the cushioned seat. " God pity me — yes !" she uttered hoarselj .. .. " I trusted a villain. Mignon nette — there is no earl of Glandore. The man who bears the' title is an imposter, a usurper, for he holds my rights — holds my proofs.. , J am Countess of Glandore, and " Basil Trevel/aii was the earl." And |then, while . Mignonnette listened in mute, calm wonder to her words, she told her the story as we have lived it through with her, dear reader. "You see how it is now Mignonnette," she concluded, in a weary voice. " My own hands have again closed the gates of happiness before me, and if Francois Delormc fails to secure those papers, Heaven only knows what will be the end. . I cannot sleep for thinking of it. He comes at ten to- morrow, and I will watch the clock till then. Go to your chamber dear, and pray for me. I can't talk now ; I wan't to be alone — I want to think." (To be continued). 