CHAPTER IIr. Professor Wayne looked-nud re coiled. The inky darkness of the night had passed away. A weak, watery moon shone down into the glade, and tinged with a grey ashen pallor the trunks of the adjacent trees. Iu the centre oE the sleaiing sat a female figure upon a little hill; and this figure, l'rom time to time, rocked itself despairingly to and fro, and wept copiously after the manner of females who dou't quite know where they are. The woman was elderly, with an enormous nose, and tangled grey hair which had escaped from its fastenings and floated out from her shoulders in snaky coils. Her eyes were red and in flamed : she looked broken, bent, sub dued, and utterly crushed ; one of hor shoes had burst at the point and her toes stuck out. Her costume, battered and torn by the bush, was muddy and disarranged. From time to time she angrily brushed away cloud? of mos quitoes. The repeated attacks of these irritating insects had all been centred on her nose, which now was truly of Brob dignngian proportions. The Professor could not restrain an exclamation of pity, as lie gazed on this ntterly forlorn and woebegone woman. Then she began to speak. Which was unwise. i "Ah-h," she cricd, rocking herself to and fro. "Ah-h ! it's all my fault, j What did I want to aggravate him for I The Professor was moved to pity. " Most likely he's dead by this time, and I'll never get another husband never!" " That is extremely probable, should any aspiring candidate Tor the. post know as much about you as I do," muttered the Professor angrily. "1-1 call it indecent." "Iiu.-ih-h-li !"said Mirandy. "Listen to her." The woiuan east up her eyes mourn fully to the surrounding tree. top3. " Here am 1," she Siiid, " lo3t in the bush. I'm tired, hungry, footsore. What's to become of me?' N»body answered this very natural enquiry. '.And ho was fond of me once. Kever east my nose in my teeth, like the olhers did." " It would, have been a physical im possibility," said the Professor, as he contemplated the abnormal size of that more than sufficiently prominent feature, " Why didn't he bully me 1" she wailed. " Why didn't lie thrash me as I deserved ? Why did he go away and leave me a lonely widow ? I know lie meant to kill himself." " Fudge 1" said the Professor, / " I didn't mean to do auytliing of the sort." "And I was so proud of him," sobbed Mrs Wayne, to the pitiless moon. "So proud of him, though I didn't dare to let him see it. I never met a man of his sizi) who could uss such big words, and he was the only man who ventured to take me out sleigh-driving when 1 was a girl." " it-it was a bold. Hung to do,' said, the Professor, in a pleased whisper. " And what I'll do without him to worry tit, I don't know," deplored Mrs "Wayne, with a Fresh outburst. "He wa3 such a lamb." '.Gratifying, very," remarked the Professor. "I haven't had anything to eat for hours, and I' can't get out." She looked round. "Seems to me, I can smell meat somewhere. P'raps it's Indians. I-I don't care. I'll club the lot.. P'raps they've eaten liiru-the poor lamb ! " / She lifted a big sapling from the ground., and prepared to set forth on her errand of destruction. " Noble woman !" said the Pro fessor, his heart, swelling with pride. "I'd like to see the Indians who'd stand up against her. fclie'd clear out the camp." Mirandy laughed silently, as the Pro fessor advanced towards his wife, plate in hand. " .Sophronisba," ho said majestically, " I bring you, food." Sophronisba screamed, and let fall her club. "It's you, is it?" she said ungraciously. " Put it down. I thought, you'd bo somewhere about here." The Professor reflected that she was only dissembling her joy with an out ward show of indifference. "Yes," ho said, ' it is I," and put the plate by her side. For souie minutes the Professor affected to bo scrutinising the- surround ing scene it. When lie again faeed his wile, the platter was empty. "Helprue up," she said sternly. " I'm going home, I've had enough of this foolish ness." The Professor did not stir. " Good night," lie said coldly. Airs Wayno sat doivn on the ground with startling suddenness. "I give in," she said. The Professor again assisted lior to rise. " I ardon me if I don't quite under stand you. We had a little difference or opinion this morning. I think we may take it as arranged. If not " " If not ?" '* Here you stop," and lie moved to wards the shadowy trees. Mrs Wayne's heart quailed. She could stand death, but she was afraid of ghosts. The spirits of dead trees had haunted ; her for hours past. " You misunderstood inc,"' sho said. " 1-I came after you to explain." "And Eraser goes back to town to morrow ?" " Ye-es,'' very reluctantly. The Professor turned upon her fiercely. " Woman," he said, '. I will not ex tort anything from your fears. Years ago I loved you-years ago ; and now, we. husband and wife, have trodden different ways, sundered, drifted apart, quarreling, and bickering, aud hiding oui chains out of sight. God knows it has not been my lault. Have I ever denied you anything? Have I ever doubted or mistrusted you ? And now and now," his voice rang out in bitter seom aud anguish, " you want to sell our daughter to that hoary old million aire, and blight her young life as you have blighted mfne." She knelt at his feet. He put his hands before him with a gesture of abhorrence, as if to shut her out from his Sight, ''Aud we once loved," lie said. " Loved ! Can you imagine it ? I was to become famous, you wore to help me. We were to go through life hand in hand. Have we done so ?" Sho made no answer. Only crouched still lowei at his feet, as if to hide her iaee irom his sad, accusing eyes. " Why should i appeal to you he said, " why ? Come, we w.U no back to the old slavery, the old quarrels, the old bitterness, till death do us [ art. Break Cynthia .> heart, break mine. It doesn't, matter. You have already ruined our lives. Come J" l>ut Mrs Wayne, weeping clung to his knees and begged for pardon. Sim humbled her pride in the dust, and there in the shadows cast by the pines, wiUi the moonlight streaming down upon them ; there, amid the hush of the dewv nigl-it, husband aud wife came together again. Torn, dusty, dishevelled, dis figured, they were indeed unsightly ; but there was that within their hearts which banished all thoughts of mundane things. Gone lor ever the tyranny of the past; vanished all doubt, suspicion, distrust. Great Mother ^Nature had taken them to her heart and healed them with her magic touch. The Professor openod his arms, and Mr.s Wayne sank wearily upon his shoulder. Then she came back to everyday life. "How are we going to get out of this ? ' she asked, in her customary keen tones. " Follow me," replied the Professor; and she followed meekly, as bcfiUeth one who recognises the superiority of her lord and master. Miran ly led them what appeared to be many weary miles before they rcacheJ the spot where the Professor lift'I starte ! in the morning. Then she disappears i, ;in i tiie Professor an .' his wife sneako ! up to their rooms without attracting observation, When the Professor came .?'own stairs again, his first impulse was to find Cynthia and tell her all about the day's adventures He discovered her watch ing for him on the verandah. Cynthia did not appear t<) be at all anxious, but looked charmiugly cool an I composed. " Sit down, papa," she sai<J, as she rocked idly to and fro. The Professor was hurt. " Aren't you just a little bit unfeeling, Cynthia ?" lie enquired. " We might have been murdered, and yet yoa sit there with a book in your lap, as cool as a cucumber." Cynthia laughed. " Reckon you ain't no Sunday school slouch from the Four Corners/' was all she said. The Professor staggered back against the house. " Miranda !" he cried. " Yes, dad," answered Cynthia demurely. " I wasn't going to lot you old people lose yourselves, so I dressed up aiv; came after you *' " You !" said the Professor, "you!" " Yes, dad. The bush is only live miles across, and you and ma have been going in a circle for hours. I knew every inch of it. It's done mother good. Dad, if you ever betray me, L'll- " " What asked the. Professor. .' Plugyer," said Cynthia. Then she flung her arms round the Professor's neck and kissed him softly. " Is-it all right now,'dad ?" she asked. 41 Yes," said the Professor. '^Hence forth ] mean to assert " " Pro-fess-or-r !" called a well-known voice. "Come in to supper!"' And they went in. 