Current jjtotc&i; On die day the cable informed us of the discussion in the House of Commons on the Queensland Black Labour Act, in which a great deal was made, by way of defence of that statute, of the regulations framed by the Government here For tbe safe conduct of the traffic, there was also received intelligence of an attempt at Bundaberg, on board the first ship to sail under the new^Act, to defeat these rules by means of boxes with false bottoms. Now, on the day Sir Henry Parkes's letter is published, in which he dwells with great force on tbe fact that obedience of these regulations depends chiefly on the vigilance of a single officer, wbo is completely free from the observation of either press or public, a couple of men are convicted at Alackay for a deliberate breach of the roles. These things may be only coincidences, still they are remarkable coincidences. We hare already remarked in these columns that if an attempt is made to cirenmvent the regulations at a time when the Government and its officers are extraordinarily vigilant in safeguarding them, what may we expect in a year or two when the present high tension has been relaxed. Bundaberg and Mackayare tbe two principal sugar towns in the colony, and both the attempted breach, and the actual breach, show very plainly what is tbe state of public opinion there ou the regulations. It is a well established maxim, that the law which has not public opinion behind it is worthless as an instrument of government. The regu lations are tbe only surety we have that tut traffic will lie conducted so as not to outrage public sentiment, and the Government has insisted continually that the surety is more than ample. It may be on paper, but it will be valueless in practice without tbe support of public opinion, and the telegram from Mackay we published on Saturday, shows indisputably that opinion there is adverse instead of friendly. The supporters of the Act from the Premier downwards were never tired oE declaring that the Kanakas were to Uc employed solely in tropical agriculture, and the country was assured again and again thtre need not lie the slightest apprehension tbe islanders would engage in any other work. It will not lie contended that milking cows i- tropical agriculture. A fanner in Mackay is convicted of employing a Kanaka in this work, and is tineiL There is nothing in the breach of the regulation ; such offences occur against every law. The significance lies iu the fact that the conviction, is thought to be a grievance in the district t where treine manner iu which tht regulation lias been enforced,' and a. meeting is to be held to induce the Government ' to recon sider the restrictions on Kanaka labour.' The extreme manner iu which tbe regulations are being enforced means, in other words, tha the owners of the Kanakas are not allowed to employ tliein iu dairying, or any other work they see fit ; and the meeting, which U ttons, really wants t he repeal of the rest riction as to employment solely in tntpicxl agricul ture. It makes a perfect nuUli to the message to be told that 'great disappointment is felt that the informer gets half the fines. ' How frankly simple it all reads I The regu lation giving the informer half the fines multiplies the risk of a breach of any of the regulations, and therefore it has caused great disappointment to tbe people of Mackay. No doubt, and it is also a cause of great dis appointment to Lhe gentry with hazy notions as to the law of mine and thine, that the Government* should l-e so cruel as to employ policemen. The whole incident shows that the regulations have not the sup port of public opinion in the districts they really touch, and the assurances to the country generally which have beeu given on the strength of these rules are tlierefore of doubtful value. In his reply to the Ipswich deputation, which waited on him with a petition for the release cf the men commonly known as the conspiracy prisoners, Sir S. W. Griffith touched the core of the matter when be ob jected to these men being spoken of as ' political prisoners.' Their crime was in no sense political. It was not directed against any dynasty, or Parliament, or Government, or political party, or leader, but against individual and private citizens who were deliberately assaulted, kidnapped, and terrorised in order to prevent them from doing what under the law they had a perfect right to do. The conspiracy which these convicts entered iuto and directed, had not for its aim the overthrow of the Govern ment, but the forcible separation of the free labourers either from the u*ork they were engaged in, or the work they were proceeding to. That is simply a vulgar crime, it is not a political offence in any way, and Sir S. W Griffith stated the plain fact when he told the deputation that ** these men «ire criminals in the ordinary sense of the term.' There has been a very palpable attempt made to cast a halo round these criminals and their crime, to make them appear as martyrs suffering in some noble cause. We hear a lot of what they are enduring for unionism, hut nothing at all of what they arc enduring for the murderous outrage at Noondoo, where a band of men broke into a hut, attacked and beat senseless a number of defenceless men, then carried them away and imprisoned them in the union camp. It is for these and similar crimes that the conspiracy prisoners are in St. Helena, and not for unionism. The Government are accused of vindictiveness in keeping these men in prison, but it is not the Government but the men's very particular friends who are keeping them in prison. It has been all but officially put abroad that if an appeal for mercy were made to the Government by the chiefs of -lie labour organisations the prisoners would be dis mount the high horse, and speak of tbe men aB the ' victims of a cruel and iniquitous law,' to quote Mr. Glassey. (' The cruel and iniquitous law,' is the law granting to every man tbe right to work when he will, and on what terms he will.) When false assertions of that kind, calculated to destroy all respect for the law and for authority are made bv those who claim to speak for 'these men, the hands of the Government are tied, and those who say these things know it. It is a conspicnous illustration of the evils of centralization that in three of tbe Aus tralian capitals at the present time there is an unemployed difficulty, a difficulty unknown in any of the colonies of which they are the chief cities. In Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane the unemployed are at present to be met in hundreds, and in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland we hear of no large bodies of men out of work. In our own town work is not brisk, and there are men out of employment, but the Dumber is small, and it is continually being reduced and ranks of the unemployed. From Townsville and Charters Towers we do not hear com plaints ; there are no reports of abundance of work, but ah«o none of great scarcity. Trade in Maryborough is said to be brisk, or at any rate, the residents are all fully employed. Tbe same thing holds good in New South Wales. We hear of no bodies of unemployed in Newcastle, or Bathurst, or Goulburn. In Vic toria, Melbourne alone reports unemployed ; from BdUarat, Geelong, or Bcndigo, we receive no message of distress. These facts all point to the one conclusion, that the tendency is to concentrate work at the capitals by ex pending there great sums out of loan, and when the loan industry is unexpectedly brought to a standstill hundreds of men are thrown out on tbe street-. Were they settled on the lan-J, instead of drawn into the capitals by a vicious system of expenditure, they iiiight meet with depressed times now and again, but never with starving times — the selector is never driven, like the town denizen, to apply to the Government for rations. The evil of this centralization is shown still more clearlv by the intensity of the distress in the three* cities named. According to Mr. Hodgkmson, who has just returned from a visit to the southern cities, Melbourne is in a far worse condition than Sydney, anil Brisbane also appears to be in a more miserable plight than tbe New South Wales capital. The reason is obvious. To Mel bourne, and, in a lesser degree, to Brisbane, ^reat numbers of men have been drawn l-y the industries artificially established then; Ity the system of Protection. In New South Wales no such forcing has l»et':i attempted, and thus we tiiul that though the popula tion of New South Wales is prac tically the same as that of Victoria (in actual figures it ik a little larger), tbe population of Melbourne is nearly a half more than thai of Sydney. Plainly rlie ? pennaneut cure is tt- disperse these redundant populations over the country, but it is hiirhly unlikely that will he done. The difficult will be j;nt over liy (-ovt'riirne.nt ai-l, and thi*u when trade tak.*. a. turn the powerful inienM*. of the oajn'Uib will ouce more prove tiiual to r.il -hinc the couutrv of population which it ' could much more profitably, happily, find t permanently enjoy. Were the question propounded in a Young Men's Dcbatiag Society — ** Are witches useful or ornamental * ' — a. party could be formed be had to the mental condition of the I people among whom they exist. We all price we have to pay for them establishes their utility. Yet a story that comes to us from France shows they were not bo useful as a common fortune-teller. 'A collection of ancient gold coins, valued at £1200, was stolen the other day from M. d'Annont, Mayor of Faramans, in the Ain . After several days spent in fruitless search for the thief, a couple of relatives of M. d'Aruiont announced in tbe village thdt they were going to sec a fortune-teller at Lyons, who would certainly tell where tbe guilty man was. This ruse was successful ; and before they had set out ou their journey die bag of gold coins was found in the lien roost. The fear of disclosure by the fortune- teller had induced the superstitious thief to return bL° booty.** The dread of the possession of occult powers by one individual over another is a very old superstition ; aud the (nanifesUition in the case referred to shows bow hard it i-s to eradicate hereditary and in grained belief. People believe in ghosts -. at least there are many, who, with regard to spectral appearances, ghostly warnings, mysterious signs, aud sounds, and prognosti cations, do not deny the probability of such things. It has become fashionable to intro duce these in literature ; aud David Grieve heard a voice calling him to Paris, where he duacb. A New Zealand contemporary has been making a long parade of it£ readiness to publish any t-ell established instance of the kind indicated. That any public journal will do with alacrity— provided always the evi dence is presentably credible. We can say for ourselves we will be delighted to assist in the discovery of witches, ghosts, aud other 