Bob Martin's Little Girl, j '????;?' A NOVEL By Dated Chbistie Metbba?, Author *f .'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Bachel,' 'Bainbow Gold,' &c.; [ALI. ElffHTS EesKETED.J CHAPTER TXXT.— mmarnnntn^ r^edwood felt that if he 'lingered Bear Hie monster the mere physical temptation \rhich beset fam to seize him bv the throat end to shake out the miserable remnant of his life, irould grow too strong to be re Bisted. He turned away and staggered across the rolling deck, staring blindly at (he billows as they rolled up to meet the pleaving~bdws. Inaction was not to be endured. He began to pace up and down again on the wet and slippery deck. The roaring wind and driving spray had sent everybody but himself and Hetheridgge to shelter. Hetheridsre sat helnless. and Red ?rood ploughed and stumbled to and fro with his -whole mind in a ferment of love, and agony, and revenge. But there was toothing to be done ; he 'was bonad to con tain himself and to keep silence. I As Ke mastered his emotions his thoughts grew clearer and another part of the truth became manifest to him. It was evident !that Hetheridge's mind was quite unhinged In one particular, and that he took George Jledwood for his father. George was fully ttware of the surprising likeness he presen ted. Sir Eustace had emphasised it quite ^recently, and he himself had arrived at the fact Hetheridge's perturbed fancy had momentarily mistaken his solid presence jf or his father's apparition. He saw that jthafc delusion had now taken fixed posses sion of the murderer's mind. The boat Breached Ostend, and during the delay there for lunoheon amd examination of baggage at the Douane, Bodwood paced, the plat jforzn without cessation, whilst Hetheridge, from a seat in front of the re freshment room, watched his every motion as if fascinated. He was xuidei1 a compulsion to follow hia victim's move ments, to notice every gesture, and to strive tto read every expression of his face. , t ttgutuy n.9 asjKea nunseix in m« Deciouaea jmind if his victim had died ia. mortal sin {that he lived now in such inquietude. Were they companions for eternity ? | When at last the train started, Hethe Kidge, still under the same resistless com pulsion, followed Redwood, into the car jciage he had chosen.; the young1 man had {thrown himself into a seat and stared gloomily out of the further window with this back turned towards the carriage door. He kept that attitude for a long time, and it was not until they were miles upon their journey that he turned and saw bis enemy still near him. All the venom of his \- mature stirred at the sight of aim, and to .breathe the same air was a torture. At the first stopping place he dashed from the ^carriage and entered another com jpartment. Hetheridge's nearness still tor XUented him, but less exigently than be Sfore. It occurred to him suddenly that he Jfcown station, and that by some oversight pa the part of the officials Hethwddge had !bee& allowed to take the wrong train. Once more his guess hit very near the truth, and be surmised that his presence had a sort of fascination which the other found it difficult, if not impossible, to resist. The train midway was enfiladed by the guard, who, climbing along the morchepied, . jeatered each carriage in turn with hi« brisk land civil ' Vos billets, s?l vous plait, mes tsieursl' In due turn he lighted upon Hetheridge, who produced a ticket for antwerp. . ! 'Jfsieu a fait erreur,'. said the guard. ' H se trouve dans ia train pour Bruxdles et jpcts poor Anvers.' \ 'Alors,' replied Hetheridge. « R favt fptevous payez la difference, U man pern de temps aussi. Je Tie suis,pas chage d&nspecteur; feMUet&tjnoi.;' He was only mad — 'Nor*, aor'-wesi.' Where money was concerned he could still tell a hawk from a iiemskaw. The guard saw the matter ia. a somewhat different light, and ?miimgly compromised by a promise of a free return to Antwerp. As a Caere matter «£ fact, Antwerp and Brussels were one to the fugitive. If he were dis covered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp, he could naturally be sought In that city, and then all trace of him would be lost for the moment. In the presence of hie ghost these things mattered little, and in the Station du Nord, ©f the Belgium capi tal, the ghost was back again. Redwood had been revolving certain things in his mind, and had decided to bottom, the mystery which for so many years had bees unfathomable. ,,-He recog nised his own power over Hetheridge, and determined to put it into employment. When he appeared on the platform he saw at once that the fascination he excited . had undergone an abatement. Hether idgo's eyes still held him and Ms totter ing footsteps followed him. He expressed his desire to 'break the journey and to stay in Brussels for the night, and having seen to the unloading of his baarsaffe he turmed to-Hetheridge. ** Come with me.' He was obeyed as by a man in a mesmeric trance. He saw the wreck into 'a fiacre and gave the driver orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, in the Rue de L'Eveque. Arrived there, he asked , for a private zoom, and after a trifling delay, was conducted iato an upstairs .parlor.' \- 'Does monsieur require anything at present ?' asked the smart chamber maid. *? I will give my orders 4aier. on,' George . answered, and the girl retired, '* Sit there,' ke commanded Hetheridge, pointing to a ?;.. chair, *' and answer the questions I shall ? put to you.*1 ' ?'-?:? ? Being obeyed, he f ell to pacimg to and ?= fro, tkinldng how beat to open his inquiry. \- There was a revulsion ia his heart against the means he used, but the case was ex traordinary and not to 'be dealt with by common methods. . ' Listen to me,*' he said, pausing sud denly. 'It is part of the punishment ordained to you that yon. shall tell me everything. What motive nad you for that cruel murder ?** : ?;--. n»theridge tried in vain, to answer, but ti rtally stammered out & few, disconnected : ; nd unmeaning words. '? ' Tell rne Th«» motiVe of Tour crimed' R-d wood repeated, sternly. Hi9tn^qfi^e^^ambIing7withBuperstitiouB Tiorr or, folded all Mb story. Redwood dragged it from him scrap hj scrap, re morselessly, until at iength the truth stood revealed ia nakedness. 'lam quite broken/* iHetheridge resumed at the finieh,' quite broken. I ought to be a^ou^g man ?tiljL, and look; at me. You aai^ht '^iiavermeroy^on me *iow ; for God's sajfc, don't hauntjme. any longer* Have pity. Let me die in peace, I shan't be long, I can't belong.' ** If it were mot fop rme ,-fcTiJnrr »» I7a^nr«nj responded steraly, 'W. would have you hanged like a dog. If I could surrender you to the fate you want without soiling your daughter's name, I would drag you backto England and force you to confes sion.' 'No, no, no,' screamed Hetheridge. 'Give me time. Let me have a little time. I must have time to rejent. I must have time to make my peace with heaven.** ^ «' You go scot free,' said Redwood, using unconsciously the phrase which Hetheridge had found delightful years ago, and in which, had lived so bitter an irony in all his latter time. ' Your child's name shall not be despised by any public rumor of your crime. You are free. Go : carry your own punishment with you to the grave. If you can repent,. repent, but let me see you no more.' He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding aand. The abject misery arose, still clutching by instinct the precious handbag in which all Ms worldly belongings lay. He crawled feebly to the door, and down the staircase, pausing twice to look back. He disap peared at the turning of the stairs, and Redwood, falling on a sofa, Md his face in both hands. It cost Mm an tour or two to recover from the agitation into which the singular interview had thrown Mm. A bath in stinging cold water, and complete change of raiment seemed necessary to purify ViiTn from the taint the mere physical nearness of .his father's murderer had brought him. He had not broken Ms fast since leaving London, and even now the food he tried to swallow seemed to choke him ; but he managed to eat a little, and having finished his pint of wine, he put on his hat and gloves and overcoat, and walked into the streets. The winter night had fallen, but the streets were ablaze with light and brisk with many passers to and fro. . He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud and excited voice arrested him. He looked up, and found himself in the immediate neighbor hood of the General Post Office, and there, with a curious crowd about him, was a burly Englishman, vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phrases — Pencil interlarded with English. Redwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eus tace Wynoomb. He dashed across the road, and found the baronet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoulders, and who gasped and stared at him, without understanding so much as a single word. ' Sir Eustace V cried Redwood. ' What is the matter ? Can I be of service to you?' ' Great heavens, Redwood V7 cried the baronet. ** That you should arrive at such a moment passes everything. I have just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself Andre' Dorn. I knew him in a second; he was just starting to drive away in a cab. I hashed at him, but he cried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, but I had a nasty fall at last. I should have known Mm anywhere amongst a million. I could swear to him. I collared this fellow, the first policeman I could come across, but I can't make him understand. He was wild with excitement, and aow that he had time to observe 'hf-m Redwood saw that he was mud from head to foot, and that one ungloved hand was bleeding. ' Where are you staying, Sir Eustace ?' he demanded. ' At the Belle Vue Hotel,'' *ke baronet answered. ' Let me call you a cab,' said Redwood. ' I will call upon you in an hour. Better ! I will go with you and you shall give me a full description of the man. I will write it out in French and have it trans mitted from the police station here by wire to every port aad railway station. You are sure of tke man P' . ' Sure ?' echoed Sir Eustace. As sure as I am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million.' Tie crowd stood round wondering and jeering. George called a carriage, and the two were driven away. 'Now teli me what the man was like.' Sir Eustace described Hetheridge to the life — bent, paralytic, bearded, the eyes de fended by goggle glasses. ' He spoke in Freach,' li© cried, « and I could swear to his voice as well as to his looks. He knew me, too, the villain. If I had found him in a^^Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol bv sow.' ' There has been a great lapse of time,' George urged, desperately. In a matter of such consequence there mast bo no mistake.' ' Man alive !' cried Sir Eustaoe, with impatience. ' There can be no mistake. I tell you the scoundrel knew me. He got back into the corner of the carriage the second I went for him. I Heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot in his own jar gon, and the fool of a cabman drove, on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not so young as I used to be, aad it caused me a nasty tumble. ' I was within an ace of being run over.' - The cab was arrested at the entraaoe of Sir Eustace's hotel, cad George assisted Mm to alight. ' You have zio&iag; more to teH''me be fore I gof ', ' Nothing more, except 'thai tke black guard was well dressed. He 4wor« a seaV skin coat the like of wMoh I should think , it a sinful extravagance jtp bay. Now, don't lose a- minute, lad, and if yos waat \ for money coxae to me. I'd spend a thoa eaad pounds willingly to run that fellow dowi.M 'I will be with you ia an hour,' -5eorge aaswered, « and in the meantime lyriXk communicate with th« polio*. Dzire mtf '* he called to the driver, as he entered tke vehicle, « to the Central Station of Police.'', ** Do you know the lingo P' the baronet bawled to him, ae the driver touched Ms horse. ' Yes, yes/* he answered, ** wait for me, here. Sir Eustace.' . Tea minutes later he was face to face with the officer in. charge of the Central Station. ' Is there a detective officer in Brussels,' he asked, **who will undertake private business?' The official answered that there were several.' ' 'Can you recommend me to a discreet and capable man in whom I can repose confidence? He may rely on being well fraid.' The offieer wrote out an address ; George read it, thanked Mm for his courtesy, and drove away again, ready to spend wit and efforts, time aad money, to save from justice* the one man in the whole world whom he , had cause to hate. - ^ i' '.: CHAPTER XXXIL 'You are Monsieur Bols?' , ' At your service, air.' ? ; ' I wist to discover the -whereabouts of a person who arrived ia Brussels to-day from Ostend.' ' The person is still in Brussels ?' ' To the best of my belief. I am recom mended to y«u by the officer in charge oi the central police station, I shall have to rely entirely upon your silence and dis cretion/' * ' They are a part of my stock-in-trade, monsieur.' Redwood drew a hundred franc note from his pocket-book aad laid it in the detective's hand. ' That will do to begin with ?'f ' Amply,' said Monsieur Buls, slipping the note into Ms waistcoat pocket. He ?was a little swarthy man, keen as a terrier to look at, and singularly alert aad busi ness-like in manner. ' Monsieur will have the obligingness to give me what par ticulars he can.' xwiuwooaaescnoea jieiQcriage minutely, and the detective listened, nodding here and there to signify attention. ' The gentleman is sufficiently marked,' he said. « There should be little difficulty in discovering him.' He undertook to set to work at once, and as he talked began to put en an over coat. ' I should like,' said Redwood, « to knew your news at the earliest possible moment, and if I should not be in youz way, I should prefer to accompany you.' Monsieur Buls offered no objection to this, and they set out together to the rail way station. Then the detective encoun tered an ally in a member of the regular force. This man had noticed Hetheridge, and had seen Mm enter a resturant imme diately outside the building. The in quirers crossed the road, and the detective questioned, the restaurateur. Yes, a gentleman answering the description given had entered shortly after the arrival of the mail train. He had asked for carafe of cognac, and had consumed a considerable quantity — five petits verres. ' And. could you tell me in what direction he went ?' asked the detective. As it happened, the reBtaurateur, who was a large and florid man, with a pomp ously declamatory manner, could do more than indicate the direction. His widowed sister had recently established an hotel in the suburbs. The gentleman after whom, inquiry was being made had appealed to him for the address of a retired and quiet notei. Me nad naturally recom mended Ms sister, and there was sa carte : Madame Neibart, Hotel Totsoin d'or Hue i'Artevelde. ' That, I suppose,' said George as he and the detective emerged together from the restaurant, ' that I suppose puts an end to the inquiry ?' ' H'm,' said the detective, smiling and shrugging his shoulders 5 ' that depends. Has the gentleman any reason to suppose that he is being followed ?' ' He may have,' responded George. ' And will he be willing to be dis covered ?' ' Decidedly unwilling,' George re sponded. ' In that case,' retained Monsieur Buls, ' it is very likely that our ehase has only just begun.' In effect it proved so. No person at all answering to Hetheridge's description had presented himself at the Toisoin d'or that day. Whether the fugitive had simply changed his mind or had deliberately adopted the device with a view to obscuring Ms trail could, only be surmised. The detective inclined to the latter supposition, and George, who knew nothing of Hether idge's kxgent fear of pursuit, leaned to the fermer. In any case, the pursuit had now to be started on novel lines, and conducted on an organised plan. Monsieur Buls, honorably retired from the executive, was on excel lent terms with his old colleagues, and was afforded many facilities in. the conduct of his craft. - A description .of ^Hetheridge was circulated by . means - of the police wires, from point to point of the city, and tkia having been done .the detective eet out to the spot Sir .Eustace had indicated to George as the scene of his. encounter with , the murderer. After a good deal of inquiry, one shopman in the. neighborhood 'was found who had witnessed the fracas and who knew by eight the driver of the. veMcle which. Hetheridge had engaged. The aew trail thus discovered was followed with ardor. It was followed in vain for three hours, and at the end of that time resulted in a momentary bat decisive check. The driver jnras speechlessly intoxicated; and no in formation of any sort could possibly be ex tracted from him before morning; George had. perforce to _ return to his hotel, -whence ly despatched a note to Six Eustace, telling him the inquiry was in progress, and that news -would probably reach them on the merrow. There wai little sleep lor him that sight, bat whilst he eut ajt breakfast next morning Monsieur Bale entered, smiling and elate. . - 'We: have cOux man,' , he -aanovneed. 'He is Btoppiog at the Hotel Continental. He has given the name of Walhaert, and he professes to ba ft negociant from Cannes.1' (to bk continued.} 