SOME CUSTOM OFAUSTRAALIA ' ABORIGINES. GErTLE3MA. 'S MaGAZIzE. While the medicine-men, "black fellow doctors," claim the power to heal diseases and remove spells, they are also prepared to inflict evil for a consideration. They are not only doctors (maykeeka), but wizards, and adepts in magical arts. To enumerate their practices would fill a volume. A briefnotice must suffice. Undoubtedly they understand, and make use of, the hypnotic art. Throwing the subjects into a deep sleep, they will compell them to see visions, reveal secrets, and even pine and die. The possession of some part of the belongings of the subject expedites the magician's plan. This is less wonderful than it appears. The imagination has greater power than is supposed, especially over undisci plined minds. Some black seers are popularly supposed to be able to command the elemental spirits, fetch back departed spirits, and render ghosts visible at camp fires. Hypno tism renders this explicable. Of the practices attributed to these men, that of "taking kidney fat " from their victims is most feared. Belief in their power to accomplish this prevails through the entire continent. In innumerable instances persons have died, believing themselves victims of this art.. :So real does it seem, that hypnosis is clearly at the basis of the pratice. Thus, among the Kurnai, the bretwin, or wizards, are thought to cast the victims into sleep by pointing at them with the yHrtmuJg-a bone instru ment made from the fibula of a kangaroo. Among the Wotjobaluk the victim, after being half strangled, is laid upon his back; then the bangal, or wizard, gets astride of his chest, opens the right side, and extracts the fat from the kidneys. He then joins the cuts, and, after signing his spell, bites them to render the opening scar less. After this he retires, and sings a magical melody which awakens the victim; causing him to stagger, wonder ing how he came to be " sleeping out their." It is believed that by partak ing of a man's fat the eater acquires his victim's strength. So also it is thought that human fat brings good hunting, causes spears to fly true to their mark, or the waddie to deal resistless blows. For men who can accomplish wonders upon the human form divine, "rain-making" must indeed be a commonplace undertaking. It is, therefore, not surprising to find that, throughout Australia, wizards are credited with the possession of this power, which they exercise in various ways-not always, it must be admitted, with satisfactory results. In the Ta-ta-thi tribe the rain-maker uses a piece of transparent white quartz, which he wraps in emu feathers, having first broken off a small piece, which he spits up towards the sky. The quartz and feathers are then soaked in water, and afterwards carefully hidden. Among the Myappe the entrails of an opossum are steeped in water for some days ; when decomposing they are taken out. This, it is believed, will always cause rain. Or a native cat is skinned and hung on a tree- for the purpose. Ithas been stated that the Australian tribes are wholly without religion. This is an error. They believe that the god who comes down at the boorralh is good and powerful; that he saves them by his strength ; that he. is very ancient, but never grows older. The Mycoolon tribe believe in life, after death, in Yalairy-the road to which is the Milky Way. Here a spirit will look after them, and here they will find trees, water, game, dogs, and their woman and children. The practice of knocking out the two front teeth is a religious one. Those who have been so multilated will have clear water to drink, while others will only have muddy water. The Juamp-up-chite fllow idea, or reappearance after death as a white man, is likewise indicative of religious faith and belief in a life after death. The Wathi WVathi believe that traps-are set for the spirits of bad men; if they escalpe these they fall into hell-ffre. The Tata-thi say that a -' doctor" once ascended into the sky, and saw a place where wicked men were burnt. Tlsaramudun is believed in as the Supreme Being, huIt his name is secret, and is only imparted at the initiation ceremony. The women only know that a great spirit lives beyond the sky; they call him Palinug, or father. These are ancient beliefs, although a careless observer might deem that they had been borrowed from the white men. The funeral rites of the tribes further indicate the existence of a belief that men die, not as a dog dieth. The tribes on the Page and the Isis, when about to bury their dead, dig a round well-like hole, in which they kindle a fire. When it is burnt, they carefully collectthe ashes on a piece of bark and throw t-hem out. They then inter the dead in a sitting posture. It may be this is an analogous custom to that of some races which bury their dead under the hearthstone. Whatever belongs to the deceased-weapons, rugs, and valuables-are buried with him. Then logs are placed across the grave level with the ground, androofed over with bark, upon which a mound of earth israised. Serpentine lines are carved upon two trees to the north west of the grave. They say the "black will rise up white fellow." Among the encounter Bay tribes all the apertures of a corpse are sewn up. The person who performs this service runs some risk if he does not provide himself with a good string; as, if the string should break, it is attributed to the displeasure of the deceased, who is supposed to make known in this manner that he has been charmed by him. In the same manner, if the small quill used as a needle fails to penetrate the flesh easily, the slightest movement, caused by pressing the blunt point into the flesh, is supposed to be spontaneous motion on the part of the corpse, and to indicate that the sewer had caused the death. The WVailwun make great wailing over the dead. They sometimes keep up the nightly lamentations for a year or longere Asa sign of mournmig both sexes plaster their heads over with mud or pipe-clay, and then gash them selves with batches At the funeral they dress themselves in different styles, some wearing head-dresses. When a fat man dies they place his body in a forked tree, and annoint themselves with the grease which drops from him. They suppose that this makes them partakers of his health, strength, and virtue. They eat the heart and liver of the dead for the same reason. This tribe buries its dead usually in round or oblong graves. The Kamilaroi cut figures on the trees which grow round the graves, as marks of respect to the dead. Among the Dieverie tribe cannibal practices of a disgusting description are common as parts of funeral rites. The reason assigned is that the nearest relatives may soon forget the departed, and not be continually crying. It is to be observed that these l?opIle do not eat their enemies, but their friends, and that they do this according to a pre scribed rule. This is the order in which they partake of their relatives. The mother eats of her children, the children of their mothers. Brothers in-law and sisters-in law eat of each other. Uncles, nephews, aunts, nieces, grandparents, and grandchildren do the same. But the father does not eat of his offspring, nor the offspring of their father. In Wide Bay the bodies to be eaten are first skinned, and the skin is wrapped round a bundle of spears. This relic is carried about with the tribe. In the native wars, in some parts of the country, the men who are killed are eaten by their friends. If they die from wounds during the night they are eaten in the morning. A large hole is dug, and the body is cooked therein inonepiece. Theinside is not eaten, but buried. The bones ate either buried or placed in a hollow tree. Children, too, are eaten when they die. This strange race is fast disappear ing. It may he that the child is even now born who shall hear the last ahorigine chant, "'Shield of Barree, spearand club, Throwing stick or Berar bring ; The broad bomerang of Waroll, Waist-belts and pendants, apron of Boodon. Jump! jump ! use your eyes. With the straight emn spear." THE ODOUR OF EaRTH.-At a recent meeting of the Paris Academy of Sciences, M M. Berthelot and G. Andre contributed a paper on the proper odour of earth, in which they described their researches into the orgin of the odour which is so noticeable in a garden after a shower of rain. The essential principle resides in an organic compound of the aromatic series, its odour being very penetrating and analogous to that of the camphors. The new principle, which is neither acid, alkali, or a normal aldehyde, exists only in a very smnall proportion in mould.--EslislT JIeclanic. SPOTs ox VESus.-A bulletin of the Belgium Royal Academy of Sciences states that the dark spots that have been notic.ld by observers on Venus are of a permanent character. Obser vations have been made of successive rotations of this planet, and the facts demonstrate that after an interval of three years the spots were fixed enough to be recognised, and that the markings are not accidental, but are probably due to some configuration of the land, like these of the planet Mars The atmosphere is so dense on Venus that the success of the recent observations was much interfered with. 