IN THE BUSH. "Iam but a suapper up of Unconsidered trifles." — Sbakespkabc- -j Is there such a thing as unconscious plagiarism, that is two or more persons expressing similar ideas in their writ ings without having read each other's intellectual productions ? I am in clined to think that this is oftener the case than many suppose, and that authors are sometimes charged with literary piracy, who are perfectly inno cent of stealing other author's brains. As I pointed out some time since, the student of English litera ture often discovers in the work of poets and'play wrights of different eras almost exactly similar ideas in slightly modified language. We can scarcely believe that this was intentional, and a recent experience of ray own helps to confirm this opinion. Last Christmas I thought I had hit upon a perfectly novel idea in bringing together in a ghost, story , the spirits of various old English worthies to compare notes, but to ray great surprise I found nearly the same idea worked out in a recent American magazine. The resemblance even goes so far as the modus operandi, the writer beirisr introduced hv the ghost of an old friend to the assembled spirits. This friendly shade also adopts the same mode of vanishing and reappearing in a few seconds that I introduced, and the Ghost Club is patrouised by a most anachronistic assortment of members. The author has an advantage oyer me by the as sistance of some very well executed drawings of sundry groups. Thus in one literary group I recognise the familiar features of Dickens, Scott, Garlyle, Thackeray and Douglas Jer- rold. In another picture is Mozart performing on the banjo to a critical audience with Handel and other eminent musicians near hiai. There is an amusing picture of Dr Johnson demonstrating to King Solomon how very ignorant the wise King of Juclah really was ; and this is only excelled by that of Noah and Davy Crockett comparing notes on natural history. It is curious that two of the scribbling fraternity should have evolved the same idea about the same time al- though placed in different hemispheres. It is only a few weeks ago that I came across this yea d' esprit, and I am quite sure my American comrade had never seen ray humble extravaganza, so neither of us can be suspected of having poached on the other's literary preserves. But after all, on reflection, I do not think either of us can claim origi nality in; this weird conception. Both Macaulay arid Landor have indulged this fancy in their " Imaginary con versations," arid before, them another author has utilised the idea of der ceased . ; eminent persons comparing notes in his " Dialogues of the Dead," Virgil in his iEneid introduces the Trojan Hero to the Elysian Fields where he converses with Achilles, Hector and other departed heroes in a familiar, manner. . And I have little doubt that if. we searched further we might find the same idea worked out by a still more ancient writer. All of which shows the difficulty of evolving a now idea in literature, and goes far to prove the truth of the old, old saying, " There is nothing new under the sun." At the present crisis, when we might expect another edition of " Vic toria1 suffering a, , recovery" which tho genius of Michie made so popular in " the fifties," and when our legislators are racking their brains till they suffer from insomnia in their desperate efforts to " make both ends meet" financially, I might suggest that they should take a hint from a great states man of a bye- gone era. It. is little more than a century since the outlay upon the American war made in creased taxation necessary, and that Pitt introduced " Master Billy's Budget," which was said to include everything that was capable of yield ing a revenue. One very unpopular tax was that upon salt, and a carica ture of the period represents him as starting up from tho salt-box, to the" amazement of the cook) who exclaims, "Drat the fellow! who would have expected to find him there." Another impost was upon windows, which caused the boarding or . walling up of many of those highly necessary aper tures, and evoked the vicious epigram- God gave us light, and thought" it wise ; . Pitt; lie taxed it, and- — d — — his eyes. A satirical song, " On the Taxes," gives us a pretty extensive list of the, new taxes, and may :furnish some hints to our financial cooks. <11 %j"<. _A. ! _L r 1!1. A_. ollOUlu ioru:g'u:r>, mcinng lit xuiigiiu bu.\ntiuu, Ask why we still reckon ourselves , a free nation, , We'Utell them we pay for the light of the eun, . _ For a horse with a saddlo to trot or to run, For writing our names, for the flash of a gun. For the flame of a candle to cheer the dark . night, ' For the hole in the house if it let in the light, For births, weddings and death, for our selling and buying, Though some think 'tis hard to pay threepence for dying ; And some poor folks rry out, " These are Pharoah -like tricks, To take such unmerciful tele of our bricks !"' How great in financing our statesmen have been From our ribbons, our shoes arid onr hats may be seen ; On this side and t'nt, 'in the air, oi tie ground. By Act upon Act now so firmly we're bound, One would think there's not room one new impost to put From the crown of the head to the sole of tl.e fool ; ' . Like Job, thus John Bull his condition de plores, Very patient indeed, nnd all covered with sores. This would seem to carry out the old saying that an Englishman is taxed irom nis uiitrii in n irixtju liihiiu uiiuu he is buried in % taxed coffin. And yet, in spite of all, there is no richer nation in the world. But, whatever our station, taxatiou, however neces sary, is always looked upon as an infliction, and as something to be evaded if possible. It is not patriotic, but it is human nature. Perhaps those are the happiest whose modest income exempts them from retrenchment. As Churchill wrote in the last century, What is it to us it ta.vs rise or tun? Thanks to our fortune, we pay none at all. Saint or Sinner 1 That is the ques tion. It is curious that just when the discovery of America is about to be celebrated on a colossal scale at Chi cago, the American Porkopolis, the character of the immortal Genoese navi gator should be presented in two diame trically opposite aspects. We hear through the ever vibrating telegraph wire that it is proposed to canonise the great discoverer, and thus enrol him amongst the interminable array of saints. This may seem hut a tardy recognition of his merits by those who still believe in Columbus as one of the most unselfish, pious, and lofty-minded of past celebrities. For four centuries this has been the popular estimate of his character, an estimate which Washington Irvine and Lnmartine have done their best to justify. But just as he is about to receive his long Relayed apotheosis, another writer Comes out with a book in which he is made to step down from his pedestal, and take a very inferior back seat. Theauthor of this astoundtngbiography essays to prove from incontrovertible evidence that the famous Christopher Columbus was, in his youth, "a shame less and rapacious pirate ; that by the study of records of. the old IvAiwa rAirnitao tutiilA a< m .»>!( -»-wiou TV/6co I Ult U VlSll to Iceland, he obtained his assur ance of finding land to the west of the Atlantic Ocean ; and that his greed and bigotry were principally responsible for the atrocities which his successors inflicted upon the inoffensive natives of the West India Islands. It is rather startling thus to have out most settled convictions decidely dis turbed, but it is in accord with the spirit of the age which casts doubt upon our most venerable traditions. William the Norman lias been ex hibited as a wise and humane ruler; nicnara ill. as a Drave and sagacious prince, whose faults were'the failings of his times ; bluff King Hal has been exposed as a sanguinary sensualist ; and Queen Mary and Queen Bess have been compelled to change characters. For two centuries Charles I. was held up to popular view as a noble-minded martyr, and his opponent, Cromwell, as a hypocritical usurper. It remained for Carlyle to rectify this, and show Charles in his true character of a faith less despot, and Cromwell as the .most' unselfish patriot that England ever nurtured. With such a bouleversmsnt of all our preconceived ideas of histori cal personages, we need liot be sur prised if Columbus should in the future he classed among tho adventurers arid buccanneers who sometimes achieved riches and honors, but who oftener found their reward in " a short shrift and a long rope." Sic transit giori i rnunH. "From the sublime to the ridicu lous there is but one step." There is a luaicrous incongruity in tne telegrams which after giving harrowing details of the terrible fire at St. Johns, New foundland, present us. with the affect ing spectacle of the Bishop escaping in his shirt-sleeves. Whether this is meant to imply the narrow squeak the reverend dignitary had for his life, or as a ; reflection, upon his want of pro prietory in not appearing in public full- dress, I am unable to decide. Per haps; to orthodox onlookers the, spec tacle of a bishop running in his shirts sleeves, may have been as scandalous an exhibition as. that of the unhappy; Mr Winkle, when , he fled round the bath; square in his night, garments) pursued by the . bloodthirsty Major. Dowler. If the worthy . bishop, had. stopped even to invest himself in his i voluminous lawn - sleeves, the effect would liavo been more impos ing, . but then one cannot always be prepared for such contingencies.. A somewhat similar case occurred some time since in the neighboring town of Caccievillc, when a lady who :wiis on an evening visit to another, lady .was induced to stay for the night with her hostess. "In the dim waste and middle of the night" there was an alarm of fire upon the premises. The local fire-fighters were promptly in attendance as was also the crowd which on such occasions gathers with such marvellous rapidity, in : time to see the two friends rush forth in , their robes-de-nuit. The incipient conflagra tion was soon quenched, and the frighted females returned to their couch, but as they settled down again to repose, the . visitor was heard to softly murmur, ." What a : pity. I did not bring, my best nightgown.!" , Si nan vera, il ben trovato. BILLY NUTTS. The Loan Works. — A special meeting of the Wangahitta Council was held on Friday to consider the tenders received for the loan works. It was agreed to re ject all the tenders, as they were too high, and considerably exceeded the schedule prices. The engineer was instructed to draw out fresh plans, as contractors com. tend that if the pr sent plans are adhered to the works cannot possibly be executed. Mr Speed's plans will- provide for less labor, and it is expected that some of the works will soon bo in progress. ; Wangaratta Borough Public Gar-' dens Reserve. — A land b ard, c insisting of Messrs Dunn and Stewart, sat at" the Theatre Royal, Wangaratta, oil Friday, when the Borough Council made applica tion for the reservation of an allotment of la-ia iu rauniiu ana ijiiisnonn-STeers ;n a site for a public garden. The application was granted, provision being made for the sale of a portion to Mr John Jones and the consent of the Education De artment to forego their claim to another portion. The Wangaratta Hospital — The Conduct op Meetings. — The annual meeting of tho committee and subscribers to the WaDgaratta District Ho;pit il, at the Theatre (loyal on Thursday evening, was at times very lively, abhough it is not certain that a number of the persons pre sent, who showed unusual interest in the management of the hospital, had the sole object of benefiting the institution in view. Apart from the feeling that was shown in the discussions, some doubt lias been expressed as to the legality of. the president's ruling on three distinct ques tions, and subsequent inquiries and counsel's opinion prove that an error was made by the chairman in at least two in stances. The firm of Messrs Harrison Brothers and Kettle appear on the c .Hec tor's list as subscribrrs of £2 2s, and as every subscriber of £1 iseutitledtoa vote at the annual meeting a member of the firm inquired if two representatives could have a vote each, as that was the understand ing when the money was paid. t lii president ruled that two votes should be allowed, and drew a d sanction ber.wcen a firm and a bank, which was instanced by one gentleman. Some discussion was a'so caused when the ballot was being taken for the election of five members of com mit' ee. Mr Harrison agreed to c -ntest the election at the' last moment, and the ballot papers were distributed before the announcement was made, but those who wished to vote for liim wrote his name themselves. There were s -.me persons present, however, who failed to hear that Mr Harrison was in the running, and, consequently, two papers at least were found without his name. A'dispute arose as to what should be done, and several <»i the subscribers thought the papers wer put aside altogether. The president, however, states that the uncancelled names were counted. Another p int o-- which opinion is divided is regarding the p-iwer of tbe chairman to give a castin vo'e when three candidates were<qi il Messrs Irving, Carnsew and Bamage were 10 votes each for fifth member of the com mittee, and the president should have (in the opinion of counsel) taken a fresh, ballot instead , of giving his cactin ; vote in favor of the two first-named. This would, perhaps, have altered the e' mtiiin. In view of the, evident informality of the ballot in the above circumstances it- i ' probable that steps will bo taken to con- i veue a special meeting of subscribers to | tmsidor the matter,- » Chronicle," 