rat RIGHT SORT- ' A feOMANCE OF XESISBEII; BT Mm. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER XVHL— At Mb. Csms'8 Yaed. On Tuesday afternoon at the appointed hour fha two girls, aocompanied by Stuxup and pre ceded tw Graette, orovp up to Mr. Phipps's door. There. although aa Amdi dwk was' only jut chining ttree,they found Colonel Clinker .gaitiW their arxivaL "Well done I" he exclaimed cheerily, "how fesnoufay punctual we all are !" ' Have we kept yon long?" asked Kate. "Hot &n; instant ; I have bat tins minute arrived. And now we had better adjourn to the yard, where I believe Phipps already u." Upon which be banded them oat of the phaeton, and led the way. Mr. Phippe waa engaged in a critical 'and depredatory examina tion of GriBette, who, in justice it might be owned, looked mi commonly well, .She had re covered from her recent exertion in the bunt ing-Ma, and vu fit and fresh, added to which (on a hint from Colonel Ciinker'of her probable departure) Stirrup had carefolly fed her with plentiful bran mashes the laet few days. "This, I preenme, is the mate yon spoke to me about, aaidTgr. gfappa tpCofcaei cifnhar, involving the toSmUk&e; invarUMy oarriedin Mw wrnnth fcwrn LarJ. A. aha U. .hJ doffing hia hat to the ladies. He waa a large, awtaroboitt man, mitt eandy hair, fresh complearMRit brown c jtL He would hCTeps nwd ee gbS-tocking hadft covered stamps of park palings, with consider- able intervals between toem, which caught the eye and fascinated it, as a serpent fascinates a lard, each time he entered into conversation. His voice was deep, his delivery slow and momentous, producing an impression of superior knowledge on the unaccustomed listener, while every now and again an old twinkle appeared in his humorous eyes, which proved catching in the extreme, and formed a curious contrast to the general staid gravity of his demeanour. Mr. Phipps had hegun life as stable-helper, and had risen to the position he now occupied through natural talent He was not ashamed of his origin, and in fact freauentiy alluded to it, holding up his career as an en couragement to young men starting in life without money or friends. "It's the compe tition as does us now-a-daya," he waa won't to say, 41 and the b%d-pliicked nns give in directly. Success is like a etone walL Ton may take a 'auimer and a long nail, and try to drive the nail'ome. Well! mostpropie gets disheartened after a very few attempts, but if you go on- 'ammer, 'ammer, not all day bat every day, you end by mating jour mark upon that stone wall, and doing pretty well what you please with it. Perseverance and pluck together will always gain the victory in the long rum but bless -my Teart alive, these young sparks is in too much of a 'urry. They don't know ow to wait, and wait, and wait," maybe for years, and yet keep up their pecker all the time." From which observations it may be gathered Mr. Phipps was a remorkabie -man in his way.. He now drew in his toothpick with an action of caressing suction, and remarked once'mcre — 44 So this is the mare, Colonel, eh?" 14 Tea, Phipps, this is the animal I told you Miss Brewser wished to part with.! 44 Humph I" and the ejaculation, delivered in Mr. Phipps's peculiar intonation, made Kate who stood by listening, think more meanly of her property than she had ever done before, such volumes of disparagement did it seem to imply. " Fm not surprised at Miss Browser's wanting to get rid of 'er. An outsider, now, might probably consider 'er a decent-looking quadruped, but she's terrible light in the barrel, taking into account as how wears only at the commencement of toe season instead of near the end. She don't appear much like 'ard work. Whether they can. stand hunting or not makes but little odds to me, you may say, once the 'oses is sold. Very true, I answer, but then thy must ave the appear ance, even if like ourselves they sometimes" turn out deceptions in the end. Now, from the looks of 'er. I'd lay a pony to n shilling that, mare's a bad feeder." 4 4 Come, come, Phipps. Don't begin by crabbing, or we shall never get to business," interrupted Colonel Clinker, knowing well Che man with whom he had to deal, and his pre vailing rhetorical weaknesses. 44 Ton are just as well aware as I am that the he&vy-carcased; beasts are not always those who get along the best, and that a gross feeder is far more liable to come to grief in his wind and a variety of different ways than a moderate one.- A big body with inadequate timber is a thing to ba carefully avoided. Fd modi sooner have tin lean frame on good understandings, sad the mare has capital legs of her own, as clean as a four-year -old's. The fact of the matter is, however, as I told you on Sunday morning, that she proves a little too much for Miss Brewser, and pulls rather more than is pleasant for a lady. They are not all Mrs. Forresters, you know, Phipps." "Ah.no! Wonderful woman, that," stick ing his hands in his pockets. " Knows as much about the ins and outs of a stable as I do myself." "Which is saying a good deal. How this mare of Miss Browser's would be the very WUU swi SUUIU US juus SMMU-Stuusg customers. She goes a good pace, as I can testify, and does not know what it is to turn her head. Both very desirable qualities, not to be met with every day." "That's true enough, Colonel," said Mr. Phipps, proceeding to feel Grisette's back sinews with professional severity. "I see she's got a windgall or two." "Mere nothings that will soon pass away. Ton don't often find a seasoned hunter with out them." " Nothings when you're selling, somethings when yon're baying," observed Mr. Phipps, with the twinkle before alluded to lighting up his piercing brown eyes. "Buyers and sellers are apt to examine objects from a differenti point of view." " Now, Phipps, you're far too sharp for ma to argue with. Before we waste any more, time on preliminaries, suppose you show ns the brown horse instead— Sir Richard you call Turn? do you not?" " Tes, Colonel, that's 'is name. A good name for a good 'oss, savs L" "And quite tight, too. Well, we'll go end have a look at Mm, and see if he takes Miss Browser s fancy or not. She is the person to. decide." " By all means," said Mr. PhippB with mors alacrity than he bad hitherto displayed, usher ing them into a roomy loosebox, piled up high with yellow straw in evident anticipation of intending visitors. "Here, Tom," calling to bis principal aide-de-camp, "come and take Sir Richard's clothing off." The man did as he was told, and in another minute the home stood whisking his tail, lay ing back Ms ears, and catching at the manger after the manner of thoroughbred nnim-.i. Colonel Clinker's praise had not been over strained. Sir Richard was -a beauty to look at, standing close hpen sixteen bands, on'' good short legs, dark brown in colour, with a Man intelligent head, tapering ears, flexible neck, and a compact well -put-together frame. I "There!" said Mr. Phipps with ah air of assumed indifference, though he kept Ms eye rivetted on Colonel Clinker's countenance, trying to -read every passing expression de picted thereon. "There! You don't often see a batter-looking 'on than flint, though I ears it as shouldn't." : o " Tes, he's a tidy-animal," replied the other in tones of corresponding sangfroid. "I should rather think he was," r&pondsd; Mr. Phipps vivaciously. There's not much fault to be found, I take it, even by so good a judge of '06sSeeh as Colonel Clinker. A'ole's not easy to pick in Sir Richard." " " Handsome is as handsome does," was the phlegmatic rejoinder. " I'm afraid of 'im. He knows 'is business. There's some pleasure in showing a good 'oss to a man like you, "Colonel, as can rightly appre ciate 'im. Why, bless .fon! tarf "the people who come here faiow no more about a 'niter," and Mr. PMpps's voice n filled with unutter able contempt, " thanthey do about the man in the moon. It's like casting your pearls afore swine. How I'll telljjoa what 'appened to me the other dav. Colonel. ' -A-nartv arrived who I had done various business transactions with." ' " 'Mr. Phipps,! sex he, « I want agood 'oss. " " ' Very well, eir,s sez I, ' I'll do my best to serve you.' " "He likes a bit of blood, so I showed Mm a thoroughbred bay mare as stands in the third box from here." "'No.no, Phipps, that won't do,'- he eez, afore ever the man could take her clothing off. 'Too underbred altogether, and dorft show < "'fsha's'ln'the stud .book, answer! I, as iqolifldjr as possible, 'and fas not even a stun on or pedigree.'." !' v.-v. - f fLp jStOonel I younhDnlajhaveseenis face ! I never saw a'tnea Jook abmwwna tmy horn days." _ . . "" " -She aintmy class, Phippe,' Sezhc( turning" a red as a turkey-cock, and scuttling ont into the yard." ' ' ' Very well, sir,' sez I, as coolashhucumber, 'that's a different thing altogether.' " " I ask yon now, Colonel, what "is the good Pnb'isnea by arrangement with Ward, Xock pnd Co. of afilTine ageatlemim like 'im a decent 'osa 1' h» oem'tknow one when he eees it. There's nottljg.dis eortem a dealer so much and puts ; 'im ejout of conoeit with Ms profession as the; fljnojjs.oe of Ms customers. It's harder to besreao anything (Oae, and yet he dare not say fliehlhad bodjak"611 'em or ear getting into must bo very trying certainly," said the Cctort sympathetically, fully entering into Mr,, -PMpps's grievances, and the gentleman yonrefer to, instead of baying hunters, ought to be relegated to the nursery/' He had meanwhile ecrntinleed Sir Richard bom top to toe, felt his legs, picked" up his fast, punched hie rides, examined both eyes. and reered into his opes month. Then finding Mr. Phipps's assertions were correct, and that there was indeed little room lest for criticism, he arid: "let's have the horse out, Phippe, and see how he moves." A addle and bridle were immediately pro duced, and Sir Richard, when all the prepara tion! were complete, waa led forth and mounted by the head man, who proceeded to ride him np and down the yard several times. 'Good action. Colonel, isn't it?" said Mr. Phippe, endeavouring to extract a few words of commendation from so wary a customer. "Moves true all round, and gets over the grosnd without any trouble to bisself." "He bauds his hocks well under him, certainly," admitted the Honble. Jack, not to he equated into any active approbation, " But," qtudifywg even this meed of praise, "he goes very one, much closer than I tike to see." "That don't signify so long as they don't i bomb, «ai ni guarantee he never hits those lamrqtanu,. tint wait till you see on lump; jga#fsnAr nevey looked throngfa a MidgJ -Bcfira ceaner, clever oner Owiomew, if you , don't fMicy im there's plenty as -will, He'll not beoumjliuidstqng. A'oas like won't sand idle for very many days. He'll sell, and vbaf s more,4ell tcelL There's Miss Falliser, fir instance, who is on the look-out for an fflimul good enough to win a steeplechase. She'd -toj 'im like a shot if you don't take im. He'd eat Miss Pallieer down to the ground for he's qiiet and !yet igh-couraged, just the sort she uces; and what's more he's a good stoat 'obs, &id; as fast as greased lightning. Put 'im back, T«ru You can put him back," waving to the mtn to- etop. 44 No good knocking 'im about if hedoa'ttake the Colonel's eye," he added with an air of injured innocence. 2Tow Mr. Phipps knew as well as possible that SirBichard did take the Colonel's eye, but he was a diplomatist, who thoroughly understood the disadvantage of making his wares appear too cheap. Tom, on his side, intimately acquainted with his master's various tactics, imtaediately made a great show of dismounting, preparatory to taking the horse hack into his staV.e again. "Stop a bit, don't be in such a hurrr," inter posed the Colonel, who 'was far too old a hand not to keep pace with every move of the game. 44 Til just throw my leg over V and see what sort of a feel he gives yon." 44 As you like, Colonel," returned Mr. Phipps with a tene wed assumption of indifference, his .object beiug sow attuned. 41 It's all one to me. Take 'im or leave im you please. A good 'oss can always fetch his pric&" i ""Soifis Palliser's thinking of buying Sir Bichffirf;-iS-'fihe ?" said Colouef Clinker, while the stirrups were being lengthened to his satis faction. Most likely. She's notaeen 'im yet, though. I gaveyou the refusal, Colonel." 44 Ah, yes, to be sore - Verv good of you, Phipps." 4 Do you like the horse?" whispered Kate, coming up and patting Sir Richard's neck. 44 Very much indeed. But if we appear too keen Phipps wilt open his mouth. He's a knowioz customer, not easily bested." "So I should i magi tie. I should have been utterly annihilated without your help. Mr. Phipps would soon have crushed me into silence." « ': 0ae most oppose these 'sort of people with thar own weapons ; never a very easy task for a lady, even under the most favourable circum stances. But Phipps is not half a b id fellow in his way, once yoa get over his Little pecul&rities; of manner. He's shrewd, thought at the same .tine wonderfully kindhearted, and I feel quite sure he would not sell you a bad horse. He alvayB prides himself on his customers coming ba&k; again, and- wbat's more they generally do. A clever dealer's chief talent consists in know ing exactly how and -where to place bis goods, to which end it is necessary he should possess a keen insight into human nature, and an intimate acquaintance with its foibles. Phipps stands preeminent in these respects, and there fore seldom makes a. faux pa.'9 I shall get quite learned before long. Able to set up an establishment of my own," said Kate «iayfuHy. 44 Will .you come and be my headman?" 44 Head man. rough-rider, stable-boy, any thing you please," he auswered: then as he rode away he said carelessly to Mr. Phipps, 44 As BE&s; Poltiser never gives much for her horses, I presume you're not asking a long price, Pnipps." "Two hundred. Colonel," replied Mr. Phipps, feeling at last the negotiations were iu fair way of being entered upon. 44 He's worth that acy day." 44 H'm, two hundred is a goodieh sum for a thirteen-stone hunter." 44 Do you think so. Colonel? "Why look at that there 'oss The Swell, ai fetched four fifty at Tatters&U;'s laet week." He aint half so good an animal as Sir Hicbard, and eight year old into the bargain. 'Osses is terrible dear just now." 4< I've never seen them otherwise when one was on the buy." 44 Now, Colonel, I appeal to you," said Mr. Phipps, roused to a sudden display of virtuous indignation assumed for the occasion. 44 Can yon expect to find perfect manners, good looks, 'igh courage, and sweet temper ail combined, without having to pay summat for th«<n ?" 44 Let us go into the field," said Colonel .Clinker, 44 Miss Brewser will probably like to see Sir Richard j amp one or two of those break neck fences of yours."' 44 Yes, indeed, I should very much," said Kate. .Whereupon Mr. Phipps threw open agate at the' bade of the yard, which' Jed into a fair- rzed paddock, where a tiight of bushed-up hurdles, a iow rail, and a couple of small arti ficial fences were supposed) test the powers of the animals about to be purchased. 44 1 see you've not made them any bigger since last winter," said Colonel Clinker with a smile. '4 Yoa don't want your customers to come to grief?" "They're big enough Colonel as it is— too big for some of 'em. Now just you take Sir Richard, and pop him over one after the other." Thus adjarwd Colonel Clinker did as be was told. Sir Richard was evidently no novice, and knew quite well what was expected of him; stall in his case familarity did not breed con tempt He loved jumping clearly for bis own sake, and cocked lus small ears and went reso- lutelyat each obstacle in succession, springing over them like a stag. Then when brought to a standstill, he stood arching his neck with gleeful impatience, while the crimson linings of his distended nostrils stood out in striking con trast to the rich tan muzzle, and the swelling veins seemed suddenly to have leapt into life. 44 Lor ble&syou.; Miss 1" exclaimed oldStirrup, who had been edging nearer and nearer to Kate, 44 he can jump, and no mistake. Beau tiful." 44 Jump!" repeated Mr. Phipps in his most superior manner, and with an elevation of the eyebrow which seemed to express surprise at the tardiness of the other's discovery, "did I not tell you he could jump from the first, only none of you believed what .1 said f Jump, in deed! Why, that there oss would carry your young lady like a bird. Nobody would touch 'em." <4Ee's a nice 'oss," said the unsophisticated Stirrup in reply. Meantime the Honble. Jack was putting Sir Richard through all his paces, ana the horse seemed to teke a pleasure in yielding to the delicate touch that directed him as with a eilkeu thread, stroogly yet lightly. Ur Phiima«fawNlb7 rViABnnff bin tflftthnirlf. in silent admiration. He was a devoted follower of the Colonel, whose good horseman ship had many times gained him various sums on the turf. ' ' .Yon don't often come across each a rider,' hereinarked in confidence to Kate, -who also .was watching the Hobble. Jack's movements. 44 Have you ever seen 'im ride a race?" 44 No," as she shook her head in dissent. 44 WelL. I tell youitTethe prettiest right in the world. He never takes a yard more out of bis 'oss than is necessary, hat just comes in the last few strides, and wins on the post as cool as a cucumber. For my part, I'd rather see 'im np than two thirds' of the perfessional jockeys. He's gotn style about his riding, and a finish, not-one man in ten thousand ever attains to.'! She smiled at Mr. PhiDDS in each a friendly way that that gentleman, who was by no means iosensifale to feminise fascinations, grew stiU more discursive. She allowed him to -ramble on at his -m He had apparently hit -upon a congenial topic of conversation. She 2MMIflClinkmy praises aung, ana even nTongwtteBjMumsolpiti he had performed months agoV»t«njptenl Park, failed to weaiyher or prove too'Ereat Mw tax On her attention. Mr. Phipps, onmslride, discovered that those 'lug grey eyes had' a tbanniDg way of looking at him, and the ex pressive face ot smiling pleasantly! He even went so far as lo contemplate whether, asder f pressure, he miht not be induced to knock five pounds off the han&ome; profit he contem- ; plated making. His meditations on this point reached no very definite conclusions, being disturbed by the return of Colonel Clinker, who, throwing the reins ow Sir Richard's neck, and lightly vaulting to Ihcr ground/ whispered in Kate's ear : 44 Helldo. He'e a real nice horse, with easy paces and good mouth, and he gives you a wonderful feel over his fences I really think he's worth the money Phippe » asking. But, of course, yoa are the penon to decide. Now supposing Phipps could be induced to spring a hundred for Grisette, the question is would you lot her go atthst price ?" I He did ndt Wish to influence her actions in J any way, feeling a certain delicacy to doing eo. Nevertheless it was a relief to him when she answered without hesitation . 44 Yes, I would. She cost two hundred and thirty, but I don't expect to get anything like what I gave ; besides," looking np at him with a frank smile, 44 1 have such perfect confidence in your knowledge of horseflesh that I should feel quite satisfied at any arrangement you choose-to make." He would not have been man, with man's store of vanity and human weakness, had he not frit flattered by tbe naVve-defference con tamed in this speech, had not the womanly trast it displayed appealed to his self-esteem. 44 Yon are very kind," he said, 44 but you ought to ride tbe horse yourself before coming to any final derision." 44 I'm afraid I cant in my present crippled condition," she replied. 44 Ah ! how stupid of me; J was quite for getting. \- " Not at all. Since you have ridden Sir Rxrfuixd and probG&cri; a. ia.riBnWqm1 diet, - I am -content to accept it without reserve. What would my humble opinion be compared to yours?" And as the liquid eyes looked up at him they sent a thrill of pleasure to his heart. 41 You may be quite certain that in making any bargain Mus Browser, I shall do my utmost to promote your interest in every way." 44 1 feel sure of it. I can't think why you should be bo good to a helpless young woman like myself." She hated the words when she had spoken them, for they recalled that possible object Which she 6trove so hard to keep in the back ground, and which his presence dissipated like smoke in the air. But he, not knowing all her ; thoughts, allowed the gratification he ex perienced to appear in his face. The cocl wintry sun cast a last flickering ray on the honest features, the fair hair, and drooping moustache as he stood close to her ride while they held this short and whispered colloquy, 4 Then you commission me to make the best bargain I cau, subject to a trial with hounds f" he said, is the ioqs of a man asking for final instructions. 44 1 commission you to do whatever you think best. There ! I can't say more, cau I ? So now to business." 44 Mr. Phipps," said Colonel Clinker, ad dressing that gentleman, who had stood aloof, though a keen observer of what passed, 44 Miss Brewser wishes to see if we can do a deal together." 4 Certainly ," said he. Whereupon the whole party promptly retired into an inner sanctum, whtre ail transactions were' defi nitely concluded, and within whose four walls many a sale had been effected, many a horee chauged bands. Mr. Phipps, detaching a key from among a bunch he produced from his trousers pocket, now nntocked tbe door of a cupboard, aud as a preliminary brought forth a couplo of bteck bottles, a decanter of sherry, and half a dozeu wine glasses. " Now," said the Colonel straightforwardly, 44 there's no use taking up your time, Phipps, in beating about tbe bush. Miss Brewser likes Sir Richard. The question is, what would you he prepared to allow in exchange for the grey ?" Mr. Phipps stretched his lege out under the table, subsided in his chair, and appeared ab sorbed in the most abstruse calculations. 44 Well, really Colonel," he replied after a considerable pause 44 that's a most difficult question to answer, and one requiring a deal of thought. . Would it not be better for Miss Brewser to tell trie what price sue puts upon the mare ? It would clear tbe way, so to speak, and make it easier for both parties to come to an agreement." 44 She cost two hundred and thirty," said Kate, giving no direct reply in answer to bis appeal. "Ah! that may ho easy enough. But the thing to consider"' not what she cost, but what she's v:orih /" 44 Well, well, phipps, it's for you to make some sort of proposition," interrupted Colonel Clioker. 4t The 'mare's rising seven, sound, andwlifcely nag, as you have bad the oppor tunity of aseertaimag." 44 Would not do more than carry a boy of fourteen," objected he tnueingly. 44 Nonsense, Phipps. She'll carry the larger half of your customers. I'll be bound." 44 What, combined. Colonel. She would be a good'un x> do that." 44 No, separately of course. Come, now, Phipps, we're wasting time, and since you Hnn't fioMti diimnsed In molro nnr nffur nn rnnr side, I must do it on mine. If you like to allow Mia Brewser a hundred for the grey mare, rfie'lt seud you a cheque for tbe remaining hundred to morrow morning. What say you to the bargain r" Once more Mr. Phipps allowed the gravity of his decisions to be felt by a prolonged silence. Then he shrugged hie shoulders, shook his head, and said deliberately — 44 1 could not doit, Colonel, could not do it anyhow. My expeuses would not even be paid, let alone any profit. 44 Come, come, Phipps ! Old friends like you and I don't want to make a big profit out of good turns for that." The stern expression of Mr. Phipps's face softened. 44 Ah, Co'.onel !" he esid relenting, 44 you're a terrible hand at getting round a fellow's weak side. 44 And a very good thing too. If we didn't occasionally find our tender spots and keep them fresh and green, why, Phippe, most of us would be as hard as brickbats. There's nothing like doing a kindly action now aud then for softening human nature; so, Phipps, you let Miss Brewser have Sir Richard?" He got up aud held out his hand, which the . other wrung in cordial appreciation. 44 Very well, Colonel," he said, 44 I'd do any thing to oblige you, though this is not busi ness. 44 We'll call it friendship then, instead," said the Honble. Jack with a pleasant smile as they left the room. Good-bye, Phipps." 44 Good-hie. Mr. Phipps," said Kate, patting her little palm in his. 44 Thank you very much, and I'll try and do your horee credit." " And then they went out into the street, and Mr. Phipps Stood watching their retreating forms. 44 Phipps. my boy," said he to himself, 44 this won't do ; the perfusion will suffer if you allow \- your feelings to get the better of you iu this sort of way; You ought to have stuck out for another pony at least. But lor! that there Colonel is finch a pleasant -spoken chap, he twists one round his little finger. That's a nice girl, too, that Miss Brewser, and it strikes me the Colonel ii deuced sweet upon her. Well, he might do worse, he might do worse;" with which reflection Mr. Phipps went off to take tea -with his better half in the back-parlour. CHAPTER XIX.— -Jealous Rtoisq. In ten days from the time of her visit to Mr. Phipps's establishment Kate was sufficiently recovered from the effects of Grise tie's mis demeanours to be in a saddle again. She started modestly, merely intending to ride about quietly, aud keep to the roads and the gates, while Mr. M4Grath, ever ready for an excuse which bauisbed jumping from the programme, willingly offered his services as escort, and besides proving himself a most cheerful and entertaining companion, displayed the greatest consideration towarla the young lady thus placed under bis protecting wing. He amused Kate vastly by pointing out to lus ccmical way various members of the Hunt, on whom he kept tip a regular -fire of running commentary, des- cribing with much humour and acumen the in dividual peculiarities .of each one to turn. 44 Do you see that man standing dose to you on a handsome bay hor&e.r;" he asked, indi cating the personage to question with an-airy wave of his arm. 44 He's the Honourable Alfred Chanincton, the head of the lardy dandy no-man-tike-self division. Well, for three whole years did the Honble. Alfred and I meet continually in the hunting field, while for three whole years did he honour me with a suuer- oilious stare. Now there are few things more irritating to a fellow's vanity than to be calmly ignored. Argument, disagreement, even inso- ience, are eacn in vneir way easier to hear than that species of lofty indifference intended to convey a sensation of inferiority, and of be longing to a lower class of beings altogether. It givtfe the feeling of there being something trroVyaboutyoa, without your exactly knowing c haU . Such were the terms on which we «tood, when bsdad, one flne day, greatly to my -aWpnJriimffiat.Le od v-imagine, . what -does -my jreotiemeh'i fio,aftrifodriiigovtorhiaIeft shoulder tinflujniatingtit mh oux of Ins little : oock eye, but favour me to a nod, whose mix- tore of patronageenticondesceQSibnVaa truly, beautiful to behold, and Bay, 4 How do, / SPQrath ? He had apparently become con- : scions »t my presence at Vtst, and took this early opportunity of reccgnising the fact. Faith, Brewser ! it made tbe very blood boil in my veins. Tou see I had got used to being a nobody in the Honourable Alfred's- estimation, and any change came too much as & surprise to be appreciated. Shall I tell you what I did? I was determined on having my revenge. Every dog has his day, and mine had come at last. I looked him up aoff down with a stony gaze which took to every detail from the crown of his shining chimney-pot to the soles of his faultless boots— dash him, he has the best varnish in the country — and I soid with the utmost severity at my command, 4 Sir, it has taken yon three yeare to make up your mind whether you would deign to know me or not; it will not take me three minute to decline the hooour of yonr acquaintanceship ; whereupon I stared him straight to the face ana then rode away. Gad, Miss Brewser!" and Ter-y laughed heartily at the remembrance of his adversary's discomfiture, 44 you never saw a man look so dumfoundered in all your born days. He was that astonished he could ' not find a single word in reply." 44 1 don't wonder," said Kate. 44 Such an answer was enough to take any one's breath away. Bat what an idiot the man most be ! " " He only possesses the besetting sin of a good many of our neighbours about here." 44 And what might that be ?" 44 Thinks too much of himself and too little of others. Avery common failing, especially among people of narrow intellect and large vanity." 44 He ought to be a warning tons all, then, not to be over self-satisfied. Don't yon some folto are pat into the world rolriy to fill a role of determent? There are -moral The vulture is a bird "of badrepute, but riever" theless he fills his place to the economy of nature, and perhaps Mr. Charrington was born as an example, which most of us shonld. avoid rather than imitate. I don't exprces my self clearly, though I know quite well what I mean." , 44 You express yourself quite well enough for me to understand. It never struck me in that light before, and'pon my soul I'm not sure but what you are right. If I accept the Honble. Alfred as a warning, I can look at with far more charitable feelings than I do at present. Poor fellow ! after all, according to you, he is but a social scarecrow, fitted to frighten all tbe human crows away. Ha I ha ! That's a capital idea, and tickles me immensely." Surely it was lucky for the Honble. Alfred Charrington that he did not catch the con versation, or it is possible that even his Xnimity might have been disturbed, and the waters of self-satisfaction to which his soul lay steeped be stirred from their tranquil depths by the keen blast of ridicule sweeping over them. Would it have been an act of kind ness to have torn down the delusions so long entertained, to have laid bare and exposed the shallowness of the crumbling soil on which they were raised and carefully nurtured by petty egotism ? Who can say ? Even the pruning- knife is apt to cut too deeply, and sill the old tree with ite good and ite tod to gether. instead of promoting a new growth and fresh flourishing blossoms. The old tees mar be gnarled and twisted, decayed, covered with parasite ; it may shot out the light of the eun. ; hide the blue ekie?, and cumber the earth ; but when removed altogether is it cot apt to make ite absence felt, ami the very object we hare so long grumbled at to leaves blank on disap pearing r Some such thoughts flitted through Kate's miud as the looked at the gentleman on tbe handsome bar : but tor (speculations were quickly ended by Mr. McGrath exclaiming — 44 But tore comes another of our local celebrWe?." as a big, burly, broad-shoulder-d man of about five-aud-forty, square featured, clean shaven, and keen-eyed, mounted on a huge weight-carrying hunter, rode by. 44 1 w&ntyou; to take special notice of him because he is said to be the finest welter-weight iu Great Britain. If you are quite sure you are not bored, Miss Br-waer, gad ! but I can tell you a good story about hira too." Whereupon Mr. McGrath commenced another piquant anecdote, well-flavoured with Hibernian wit. When it came t<i an eud Kate eaid, 4 Ah, Mr. McGrath. Mrs. Forrester was right when she told me what an agreeable com panion you were, aud I have eu joyed both your conversation and your society immensely." She felt no difficulty iu pmiring Mr. M'Grath to his face. He only inspired her with friendly interest; therefore the words came readily enough. There was no cause to consider them, to weigh their probable effect, or to fear on one side giving offence, or on the other of appearing too forward and anxious to ple«se. She ex perienced no constraint in his presence. .He had no power to make her blush, or to send her heart beating like a sledge-hammer, and the first words that rose to her tips were merrily uttered, in pure ease and good'fellow- ship. There are some men who raise such friendly sentiments at first sight, yet it is a question whether they ever succeed in establishing any InfHo- fsultnff nr «nrm«r Fjlutinnshin. It in their fate to go through life as the confidant, but never as the loved. Kate felt herself in- fiuitely brighter and more amusing in Mr. M'Grath's company than in Colonel Clinker's yet the briefest sentence from the latter, his slightest expression of approval or disapproval carried more weight than the whole torrent of Mr. M4Grath's conversation put together. Nevertheless the facetious tittle Irishman con trived to keep her to a state of such perpetual merriment, that at last she asserted her rides ached so unmercifully th&t; the effects were infinitely worse than a hundred falls, and she really could endure them no longer. As the day wore on. her tpirite rose. In spite of off her hack and having the side-saddle put ou to Sir Richard, who had come out for the first time since he bad been in tbe hands of his new proprietor. She declared herself no longer an invalid, aud fully equal to encountering the fatigues of a run. Stirrup, who ere now bad discovered the f utility of argument, especially when opposed to the fair sex. as forced to withdraw his objec tions and yield, though somewhat reluctantly, to hia mistress's wishes. And as if to reward nate ior ner suaoen upcjbiod, sue ubu uaruty began to make friends with hernewboree before a joyous chorus of sound broke out from tbe midst of a small gorse-patcb the bounds were drawing, and in another minute the whole pack streamed away close at the heels of a fine, white-tagged old fox, whereupon Kate, throw ing prudence to the winds, could not refrain from joining in the chase. A mile's gallop full flit down a road running parallel with the hounds served still farther to heighten her enthusiasm, so that when, at the first opportu nity, some of the foremost riders branched off into the open fields, where a vista of tolerably practicable fences held out a pleasing prospect, she followed suit. When she came to the first obstacle her caution had vanished, and Sir Richard swept over it so easily and so freely that indeed noue appeared necessary. The ice once broken, she took everything that came in ber way, until she began to find herself occupying quite a distinguished posi tion in the hunt, and the brown had fairly established his reputation as a good fencer. Poor Miss Palliser, whose lucky star had not been in the ascendant lately, and whose fate appeared invariably that of chewing the bitter cud of mortification, from seeing a rival habit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at starting by the unfortunate bauging-to of a gate, bat now ehe was galloping like the wind in enter to lessen the already diminishing dis tance between herself and that offending skirt, which constituted a regular ejeiorein the green orbs of jealousy. She determinced once for .ill »n lMlni. Ihu otmorions adveraarv- and showing her conclusively the absurdity and craw stupidity of attempting to compete with one eo facile prineepe as herself. " Did you see how beautifully my horse umped that last fence f" she remarked to Colonel Clinker, who happened to he within hail. He also had been delayed by the refusal of a young animal "he was qualifying for a steeple chase certificate, and like Miss Palliser was intent on getting closer to hounds. " I'm sorry to say I did not," he returned satirically. "By eome extraordinary and greatly-to-be- deplored accident, for one instant any eye wes withdrawn from yon— a circum stance that causes me much regret." ' Indeed !" said she, not altogether easy as to the intention of this observation. "Really, Colonel Clinker, one never knows whether you are in earnest or not." " Very much in earnest. Miss Palliser." " Then," said she, with a smile of reassurance, "I feel extremely flattered by yonr good opinion. It is pleasant to find fneads think well of one." " Would you like to heightenit still further F' said he quietly. . " Certainly," she replied, a little surprised, at the request, and wondering what waa coming next. She felt she could like Colonel Clinker very much indeed if only he were always in the present amiable and complaisant mood. There had even existed moments ' in bygone y.ara when she had contemplated the possibility of rhangingher maiden name for that of Clinker, but tench..dteama had gradually faded awuv,- owing to.tbe taamm -mariher in which the wwtkanau.-waa wont to rw-qv. s.v Nevertheless, acomplunent from Aim, however J tardily uttered and laboriously extracted, came with double power to please, like long sought-fos honey rewarding the exertions ol isdustrioCB bee. , " Certainly," ehe repeated, with a , pleasing expectation etimng the sluggish Sepths of her heart. "What ran Ido F " Why," said he rutUesslyy" yo«£ that young lady in front of you room atfier fences, and not ride quite so horribly jealous." , Poor thing! Thereactum efrfb,?!5 and m the first shock of it she felt too suT>nsed even for indignation. She orew in her bream Witt a gasp that resembled the gu«lc i of drowning man. and emitted the single mono- syllable, 44 Oh !" , . . "Tes," continued Colonel Clinker poiotedly, for somehow or other he never ootild bring himself to regard Miss paDiaer aa a woman, and therefore felt little compunction m tramp ling on her feelings. « Tes, and what's more, I saw yon just now, simply Brewser happened to be leading, nde on to ber horse's veiytaiL If behad made the least peek or tbe ghost of a mistake at the fenca yoa would hays been on the top of torn to w certainty. It's deuced unfair, and if you call that riding- 1 don't." M During this speech the lady had partly covered from the first stunning effects of too blow delivered, and both pride and temper now came to her assistance. But the last straw broke the camel's back. Whea it' became ® question of riding , her riding, ««ger annum! toe upper band, and crushed all incipient senti ment at its very birth. ,, 41 Colonel Cltoker," she said, or lattor screamed, while her sallow complexion sud denly flamed into Scarlet, and her ;mall grr eyes gleamed with a vicious expression, I beg leave to state I have not'hnnteu all these THanTtogMiSsrgai nuibipg.- T flefrtar TUggdg, . I know how to ride at a fence as well ae most people, at least, such is toe general opinion; and I don't require you or anyone else to give me lessons how to behave in the hunting- field. I consider yon are most — most — most imperti nent" She had begun bravely, but her voice here died away to hysterical sobs. Her mortifi-- cation was complete. Colonel Cltoker bowed silently, and galloped on. _ 44 Well, that was sharp and decisive enough to all conscience," he said to himself. 44 La Palliser and I have fought our first pitched battle though many's the skirmish we have in dulged in. rm afraid I was a little rude, but tbe rebuke will do no harm, and the way she- j amps on people is really quite abominable." 44 What a fool Colonel Cltoker is making of' himself about that Miss Brewser," Miss Palli&er;" remaiked later on to her dear friend Mrs. Paget She had sense enough to keep their little en counter to herself, but she could not refrain, from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of some revenge. 44 A fool?" said Mrs. Paget. 41 In what manner? I have seen nothing to justify such at remark on your put." 44 You're as blind as a bat, my dear," re turned Mies Palliser contemptuously. 44 1 teR you the man's quite gone on his head. To so great an extent, indeed, that he can't speak: with decent civility to anybody else." 44 1 bad a chat with "him some little time ago, and he appeared much as usual." 44 You're a goose, and never could see a? thing, even when it was going on under jour- very nose. My eyes are considerably sharper; they can't hoodwink me in a hurry. " 44 But, my dear Miss Palliser, who irants to- hoodwink you? After all there would to noth ing so very wonderful ev«n if C ilo> «-l Clinker- wei-e to fall in love with Miss Brewser. Rauk united to wealth is not an uncommon occurr ence. One sees it every day of one's life. " 44 There I agree; but don't talk of love, it'ea perfect profanation to call snch calculating,, mercenary transactions lore. Colonel Clinker's no more in lore with Mis- Brewwr than I am." "Then his sentiment must be extremely lukewarm," said Mrs. Pa who took a mild pleasure in nagging at her frierd. 44 Not at all: mine are very much heated though, by dislike rather thin affection. V think Miss Brewser an odious, stuck-up, for- w&vn.; fast young woman; and as for Colonel1 Clinker, any respect or regard I tray once have entertained for him he has entirely forfeited, with which concluding observation she went home, galloping past Kate, and Spattering her with mud without a word of apology. 44 Phew!" said Mrs. Paget, eyeing her re treating friend dubiously. 4 She's very crusty t I wonder what'eiip now? It'ea pity she got- such an ungovernable temper, but one really never feelaeure what she may say and do next."" (TO BE CONTCnJET.) 