A'XBEESIWG Ss CSEEttt IKF0UMATI0N ! FOB the household. : elts-soos CO'jkeet.— This (siJE " A I«dy «f Bcot- fand," rritiae in toe Agranitaral Gazette) its branch of tbe calinarr art tout differs, memeaarttoi from the robs that, pride the ordinary cook. For the list ereiythins bus be seaaoned with band, for spices and cmdioirets, tfaatCTiid prorote rise appetite jn a besiloy suojec win pwe y p fol to a eicilr one, and even aggravate certain m»- . orders. Ln/ie eacar, ahsojutely no jal% and pe»oen, if at aL', ia toe smallest pioportion, u Use rule : toe erceptioc mutt be in cases where toe ncrse, of tar om tnoirledee, or acting under toe doctor e orieria ocrtain no tarm will fediow. i weaienrd toon tans aeaintt a loo frequent repetiUOT of the aaroc food, arid it lies with toe nurse to otratnre aaow ; harmless novcltv to tempt it. While Uierefiwe, die uiutt attend strictlr to toe prescribed quantities of . medicine, she may cetise Im ora discretion « to j food provided she has some acquaintance ith tta . effects of toe different kinds on the bemsn body. i Yeotaeus are rarely snilabfe for inraSiOE ; tteved j fruits, on the cuntrarri, are medidual, and often ; fcishlT beneficial. Aatboritiis differ graatlyta their | cHiirfflte of saffdiv fooo£, emus of Bom bolffiug tb- j ure in no sai&einsiiitioos;, urf, if hVfn . must lead to starvation. Miss ISightmgmle has said ot i arTOvroot "that it is ccnlv useful as a vehicle for administering write but, on the other hand, people : hare been knon <o lire for » mmth at time emirelv oa aritnrreot and enter, and been grateful j to stakhv food crer after. Arnieroot and core- ; fiocr are'iwvr believed to be mutt useful arcnia i in toe sick room: trhfle there are eo manj prspcratioas of invalid food, o<h with peculiar properties of their oan, the «uirlligfcul nwi. need - be a: no to varr b-r patient's diet. But high on the list of invalids food must be placed oatmeal : crnd, toe saungtoening properties of which are but j imperfectly understood, and certainly deserve to be ; Hotter known. In me case of e-iuenic weakxies ! where toe patient was to all appearance sinking, j three taUeqwoaftde of oatmeal gruel, to which was : added medicinally, me spoonfol of spirit, given j every two boms, worked sneh a wonderful change for j the better as to astosieh the medical alhendant, and lead him to commit, what bad been an almost hope- j less case, to the nurse— with the remark, "Jost goon with tout oajrisg." firod is nradp thus: Fstfite ; tabJespoonfols of oatmeal— tes or more as it is wanled thick or thin — and mix to a liquid paste with cold water; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of boiling water and arain through a Mire dose enough to keep hack all the grains; beel it in fit tnamelkd saucepan till ainWtfceftrtMa of good cream. If pstqixijlwBdeaDd KuEciratlTbofled, it will set thicker asit tools. Plain or raspberry rtaqar, qriritx, sugar, salt, or erena little butter may be added. Brxr-raa is so well-known as to need no recom- msidstion, Tet inexperienced people are sometimes at a lose in retting about the makingof it. One ounce of beef to sil tablespootilsris of water is a proper pro portion for good beef tea. Cut the meat mtodzoe; put it into a etewpan, and add cold water in the above proportion. Let it stand away from the fire for 10 minutes, as certain parts of beef are only soluble in cold water; then put it to heat very gradually, and at latt boil it 10 ranuita. Cuicwev for soup should be boiled six hours in a covered stone " Jar set into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added U> beef- tea, or chicken 60up, makes it j more nourishing, and also makes a change for the patient. Souk -fan- of fc in 4" phit of cold wateq; addto it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, and | stir it over the Ere till the gelatine is quite disrobed ; when cdd A will be a firm Jelly, almost as good as calf s-foot iellv, and made wrtli mnch lees trouble. BesroEJttttS Jells. — Put lot jsmgiaas J dozen clnres, lor. pounded gum arabic, 2oz. sugar, and i pint of the best medicinal port wine into a boui ; let the mixture stand covered ever for a night ; then put tie benri into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it "mrr the fire tilt the tringliiKc and gum arabic axe quite dissolved ; pour through a piece of muslin, let it stand tiff cool, »"d riien cut it up into squares. Baelev-watue is one of tbe best riilnewta in any febrile disorder, or while a patient is under Mister. Wh«! bariey, in any riiape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soaked in boiling water to remove the acid. In making bariey-water, it should simmer for an boor. A handful "of raisins boiled ill it makes a mere jalaiaMe drink, while it is no less shoh- Ceeakof Bibutb a cooling and nourishing form of food, and may be safely given in feverish attacks, Cut np half-pound of lean veal, put it in a saucepan with a pin: of cold sato, and add two ounces of barley previously soaked in boiling water. Bml Ugtiber for six iid-ire, adding little water as it wattes. Pound the whole in a mortar, mid rrib it through the tammy sieve with tbe liquor. 3 st Alio CcfcTAED-— Tbe yolks of two eggs and the white of one, beurcs up with a cupful of milk, put into a buttered teacup, and dean ben minutes. The. Faixe or toe Ohos.— While the onkm stands | st s disadvantage among vegetables on account of its i pronounced and not wholly agreeable odour, it is, ' doubtless, one of the most valuable and healthful ; products of tbe gulden. Ibis value is not confined to its use as an article of dirt, since the efficiency of j onion poultices in ceres of croup and similar diseases j are too well bora to need repetition. The roested i heart of an onion, placed in the ear as hot as it can be j borne, will often relieve cases of earache when other I remedies fall, ana s very excellent cough syrup is i made by putting one half cup of minced vmkmsintoa cup each of vinegar and molasses, Eunmenng on the i store for half an bocr, and then straining. A tea- i spoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relieve ' severe casesof cough and hnaremesB. It is Maimed I that anions, as sn article of food, are excellent Mood I parifios, greatly improving tbe complexion, and, of | course, entirely harmless. Ae nervine, tbey are. rerv either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in the natural state, the addition of a little salt or pepper I aiifaw them more palatable. The large imported | rarietv are much less pungent and disagreeable to the I tatte ib.-" smaller native growth, but equally efficient i in remedial action. i The Attic.— Sothing is more discouraging to a j good housekeeper than to move into a house with a neglected attic where the ddbris of all the previous : boosekeepexs has been allowed to eoQeet. It is ita- | possible to calculate how mnch dost 'and uuwbole-. j someness drifts down through the house from such ; a neglected spot zs this. A good housekeeper has no | such neglected spots. Her house cleanuig does not ! begin with the storey under the attic, but with the attic itself. Thereare ghosts enough in a forgotten I attic to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not an uncommon thing for people to consign to the attic their worn-oat shoes, thercut'OS bonnets and bats, < their decrepit furniture which has passed usefulness, ; all their old belongings, in prospect perhaps of ' some general resurrection day which never cornea. \- Tbey move away and another tenant comes, who follows the example which has hem set by hie pre- : dseessor. Thus ddbris and dust and the unwhole- ' sommess that come with theui accumulate. There is nothing more absurd that this practice of hoarding up tiasb. The attic of a house should be kept as . ciear as possible from all articles which are not of ; positive value, in order that it may be freely dotted ! and swept like any other portion of the bouse. A tingle woollen garment or old wool hut may alone bring moths eaongkto infest 8 .whole house' if left neglected in the gurret. Let attics be kept clean and cellars dry if you erpect to live in a wholesome house. Arrow Peebeeves— Gamut Beans.— Basra in vinegar; Winter Bergnmot or other email pesra must be peeled smooth, leaving era the stems, and other left whole or hslved and the kernels takmovrL To every- pound of pears allow half a pint of vinegar. Col. of sugar, a tt ckof rinnanum,£nd a damn dome. Bri! tbeec Tngrodiaits e few minutes, then lsy in the pyr.- and let them rammer till a pin goes easily through them, but not lag enough ; to soften them. Take out the peara drain them on a sieve, and lay them in the jar. Boil down i the syrup thicker, and skat cold poor it over 1 tbe foiit. Should the strep become thin in a few 3 days, boll it ever again. Quince cakes: Boil the j quinces whole, without peeling them, till quite soft; 1 that peri and core them.- Work tbe pulp through j coarse sieve. Allow lib. of «ugar to lib. of fruit. ttttlwi a-uigai Willi kliWe water, and trial it until, beads form; then put in the fruh, and bciltlrisj with trara .of white papa, £0 thorn hrf mi inch. tiricA 'with the fruit, and put them to dry ina coril riven, or tfttai the rasas out thin tin |Mntef,aiid ;riha somewhat dried sdt fheni to gri «ld.: Cti tfihe tftnt into any cmaH thapen r .'Shnse dried rcra ; paper are nwnliiy dqyn lfe jpMarjranodld watttftmmsjelly ifcocee quinces 4hat arapfte 