A NEW ACADEMICIAN. A Fraternal Reception. LONDON, April 8. "Fantome d'Orient," the first volume published by M. Pierre Loti since his election to the French Academy, has met with a brilliant reception from his brother academicians. In an article on the new work which is contributed to St. James's Budget of March 4 by Mr. Edmund Gosse, it is stated—" Thirteen years ago Pierre Loti opened bis literary career with as anonymous story, half fiction, half narra tive, called 'AzLyadeV This book was a chapter of the adventures in Constanti nople of a French cadet, of a little Turkish lady called Aziyade, and of their young friend Achmet. Crude and im perfect as this narrative was it possessed a great charm for certain readers, and dis played in embryo all the graceful gifts which Loti has since developed. Careful students of the author's books must have noticed that his thoughts have often re verted to these early days at Starn boul, and that in two works in parti cular, in 'Madame Chrysantheme'and in 'Proposd'Exil,' both published in 1887, he harped out of season on this Turkish string. It seems that in that year, or in the next, his longing to revisit Constanti nople grew into a positive pain. He had left Aziyade and Achmet some 10 years before, and, after the passage- of a few sparse letters, had lost all sight of them. 'Fantonie drOrient' describes, in the most characteristically Loti manner, bow in the maternal house at Rochefort—that Huguenot home of which we have heard so often—the obsession of the memory of Aziyade' became so poignant that he was forced at length to fly to Constantinople to lay the ghost of his first love. We open the new volume to read of the author's visions; of the dreamship that nightly bore him to the very feet of the holy .city, only to torture him with the agony of minarets that faded as he gazed at them ; of hurried and vague excursions through misty winding streets; of veiled faces and speech obscured, of all the tor menting mockery of sleep. With that skill in describing the phenomena of dreamland which is peculiar to Pierre Loti he gives us, on a background of the moonlit gardens of Rochefort, a picture of the agony he suffered from tbe ever-, beckoning phantoms of Aziyade' and of Achmet. At last he can bear it no longer; be starts for Stamboul by the express from Paris to Bucharest, 'stopping a week on the way,' as he naively tells as, «in die Carpathians, at the palace of an exquisite queen.' From Bucharest, by Varna and the Black Sea, he proceeds to Constantinople ; and the remainder of the book is a minute relation of 48 hours spent in the endeavor to discover Achmet and Aziyade." 