LES CLOCIIES DE -.CORNE VILLE. A BRILLIANT SUCCESS. Were my whole llfe tocomo on heap of troobloe, The piasoure of this moment eaoold ualce, And sreeren all my grleta wltl its remembrance TEn above quotation fully and truly illus trates the feeling experienced by each and every one of the largo nod fashionable audience who attended at the Academy of Mulsic on Wednsday evening last to witness the production, by the amateurs of Goulburn, of Planquotto's diverting and tuneful opera, Les Oloches de Corneville, or The Bells of Normandy. Thbo audience was largo, fashionable, and representative, but to some degree lncked appreeiativeness, and were not so liberal in their bestowal of applause as they might have been, and as the performers certainly deserved. Many weeks of assiduous rehearsal and careful study of the parts resulted in a pro duction which can be described in no other words than that it was a triumphant success, reduonding in the very highest degree to every person who took part in the opera. From the taking of the first note in the overturo to the fall of the curtain it was a time of exceeding pleasure, not a hitch of any kind taking place to mar the harmony of the proceedings or to draw a shadow across what must remain for a very long time as a most pleasurable recollection; for as theb ever living Tom Moore says Lot Fate do her worst ; tiere are moments of oy, Bright dreoams of the past which she cannot destroy. Leo Cloches do Corneville is a comic opera in three acts by'MM. Cinirvillo et Ch. Gabet, the English version boing by Mesers. H. B. Farnio and It. Reece. and the musioby Robert Planquette. It is certainly a most tuneful and diverting conception, but demands from the performers a much greater display of histrionic ability than would an opera like Pinafore; therefore it on be safely and surely said that tihe sa-cess of Wednesday evening's performance was greater and more pro nounced than that which marked the production of Pinafore some months back. The plot or argument of the opera is as follows :-In or about the year 1700, the Comte de Lucenay, attainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, however, foreseeing that the Comtomay never return to claim his own (which, indeed happens), brings up the child as his niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comtic's treasure. He has chosen for his coffers the decaying rooms of the old Chateau de Cornoville, long since de eerted by its lord, attainted of treason, like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of this Marquis do Coronovillo is however alive, and the interdict on the eas tates having been removed by the King, the village gossips believe that one day the long. expected heir will return. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and ghostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But in truth tiese are devices of the cunning Gaspard to frighten away intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring.fir. Among these is Serpo. lette, a waif picked up by Gaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of his fields, and grown now into his servant of all work. She has thrown up his protection and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the hand, also flying from Gaspard's hose--but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to the village Bailie, a pompous, mddling old fellow, lately come to his kingdom, with a strong desire to open the chateau, and nudit the barony accounts. Now Germaine has betrothed herself to, a ne'er- do-well of the locality, a young fisher man, irenicheux, who, as she supposes, saves her from drowning. But, in fact, her deliverer was really the long-lost heir-the young Henri de Corneville, now captain of an armed ship with a roving commission, who, a year before, had put into Hanfleur to revisit the house of his lathrs. At the opening of thedrama he again returns, and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. The hiring-fair where he engages eervants-amongst others, Germaine, Serpolette, and Grenichleux (now turned coachman), concludle the first part. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, and his officers and crew, torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms and lay their plans to surprise the adventurers, whom they sup. pose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries, bearing directly on the fortunes of the two heroinees, are made by the Marquis. Firetly, he finds that the girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who ben captivated him, but who believes herself bound in honour to Grenicheux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left by old Gaspard) referring to the flight of the Comte de Lucenay, and placing his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Ser polette immediately arrives at the conclusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of someone is announced by the scouts-Greniobeux in put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder un seen-and the Marquis and his crew retire to thie armoury; the old miser appears, works his phantoms, lights the candelabra, wallows in his gold, and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The last neact is devoted to the un ravelling of the mystery attached to Ger maine. This isn done by patching together the hints dropped in his ravings by old Gas pard, who confirms them on his return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his nieae, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the same moment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri do Cornooillo, and net Greoicheux, she owes her life. Across the serious d6noue meet comes the lighter texture of Serpolotte's fortunes. No sooner does she assume the silks and satins of rank than site is unde. ceived asn to her real position, and has again to look forward to sabotu and cotton, and con. tents herself with Gronicheux, while over tlhe betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of Los Cloches de Cornevilte. The above description of the opera gives the reader some idea of the magnitude of the task which the performers set themselves. But the cause was charity, and they indi vidually and collootively ondertook the task nobly, keeping in mind Herriok'e well-known aphorism Attempt the end and never tietd in doubt - Nothingba so hoed but sentreh wilt end it eat. And so it proved, for under the very able and careful management of Menssrs. E. N. Salf mona and J. G. Holloway all the intricacios of the piece woren revealed and all time difl. oelties surmounted, and the joint effect and full result of all was the most successful amateur performance that has ever taken place in Goulburn--a performance of whichl every member of the company may feel justly aud pardonably proud, and one that gould bo equalled by very few professional orgnaisetiaes. The various parts forming the dramatis peroonm wore earefully and judiciously al lotted, anud i every case the result proved thut the trust had been placed in oapebhe hands. Miss Ducein, who made her first appearanceu on the operatic stage, essayed tihe chraroter of Germaieuo, a part beset with many difficulties and in no wapy easnily inter preted. The fair debutante however proved fully equal to the occcsion, and achieved a decided success. From the moment she ap. peaored on tbo stage her modest and un assuming manner gained for her the warm good-will of thre audience. Her acting was completely devoid of " staginess" or those mannerisms too frequenootly found in amateurs. For the nooea she appeared to forgot every. thing hut the fact that she was Germaioe, the niece of the miserly old Ganepard. Her bearing and hier every movement were marked by modesty, grace, and dignity. It was altogether a most finished performance, evidencing careful study hnd aseniduus rehearsanl. Her sioing, too, was faultless and delightfully pleasing. Ever note was clrarly anddistinctiv ta ken, and, wrapped in the sweetest melody, trausferred to the audience, who accepted the same with uumie taklable evidences of plensure. Miss Duncan was eupecially good in the duo with Greni hleux in the first act, and again in a duo with the Mbrquis in thre lest act. The air "WWhtn he bargarns at a fair" was also ex celttntly rendered. In the first et Miss Duuean was the recipient of severln very beautiful and weolldeserved floral tributos thrown from the dress circle and the stalls. As Serpoletto, the vivacious and ever-moving Serpolette, found in her infantdays by old Gas pard on "a bank where the wild thyme grows," Miss Chisholm made a decided " hit." Enter ing into the true spirit of the part, Miss Chisholm acted as only she could. Bright and sparkling, sho was the spirit of the whole performance, and her interpretation of the part showed not only careful study, but the possession of an unmistakable talent, which the young lady made the best possble use of. Her acting throughout wooa perfect. Evi dently quite at home on the stage, Miss Chisholm was enabled to portray a part which in the hands of any less sell.poesessed person must have resulted in failure. Her lines were clearly and pleasantly delivered and her movements were free and unro strained. From the moment that Miss Chis holm appeared on the stage, whenoo as Serpo letlo she falls in with the village gossips and a bevy of village girls, she transmitted her own confidence to the audience, and at once gained their sympathies. In this not, as also in the haoounted chatean, and in the third act when she deludes herself into the belief that she is the Countoes de Lucenay, Miss Chisholm's performance was especially striking and effective. This young lady's vocal abilities are too well known to need any comment; suffice it to say that she was in excellent voice, and fully maintained the very enviable reputation she so deservedly gained in the opera of Pinafore. Bouquets and other floral tributes were frequently thrown to Miss Chisholm on the stage. Here it is fair and just to both ladies to say that the honours of the opera fully and completely belong to Miss Dunoan and Miss Chisholm, and that the merits of one in no way detract from or overshadow those of the other. Miss Hell, Miss Webb, Mrs. R. E. Conolly, and Miss F. Windeyer assumed the roles respectively of Gertrude, Jeanette, Manotte, and Suzanne, and although the parts were of the minor order, the ladies mentioned did them full justice. Much of the success of the opera can be attributed to the exeoollent performance of Mr. W. F. Preshaw, in the character of Henri, Marquis do Corneville. He had evidently given the part a great deal of study, and had a first class and accurate conception of it. It was a heavy part, but from start to finish Mr. Proehbw never allowed the attention of the audience to wander from him, but played with a refreshing vim and dash. He was in good voice,. and added materially to the vocal success of the performance. He was heard to decided advantage in the duo with Germaion in the last act. Throughout his performance was onue that does Mr. Preshaw the very greatest credit. Mr. Stuart Donaldson appeared no Grenieheux, a fisherman. This is a most unsatisfactory part as, although being an easy one, it allows the performer little or no chance for the dis play of acting; however it afforded Mr. Donaldson a capital chance to display to the best possible advantage a good tenor voice. Mr. Donaldson's voice is beautifully sweet, being devoid of that shrill metallic sound so frequently found in tenors. On Wednesday evening he was in good form, and his sieging was indeed a treat'. 'What acting he had to do hbe did well. The difficult part of old Gaspard the miser was in the capable bands of Mr. J. G. Holloway, and it is almost need less to say hbe did it full justice. His acting was perfect, especially in the scene where he enters the Chateau do Corneville, and gloats over his treasured and much-loved gold ; and again in the last neact, when he appears as a madman singing Tooral looral, and when he steands awaiting returning reason, to enable him to proclaim Germaine the daughter of the Count do Lucenay. His make-up was realistic and good. The partof the pompons, meddling old Bailie was ably and realistically portrayed by Mr. S. W. Alexander, who brought out every point in the character and made several capital local gags which were well received. His make-up was first-class. Gohbo, the cringing clerk of the bailie, was ably impersonated by Mr. E. N. Salamons, whose interpretation of the part was one of the features of the opera. It was a capital portrayal, and Mr. Salamons, who gave un doubted evidence of talent and ability, is to be complimented upon having made a complete success of a difficult part. As Pierre, a eailor, Mr. F. Wedd bad not much to do, but did it well. Christophe, a 'cabin boy, was very nicely represented by Mr. P. N. Lethbridge, The village girls who took part and sang in the choreus were Mrs. Payton, Misses Ball, F. Chisholm, Clifford, Fenton . Freeman, M. Freeman, Sharp, E. bharp, Stewart, Whitlow, and Windeyer. The coachmen, peasants, fish ermen, &c.;, were Messrs. A. E. Anderson, A. Baylis, H. Brown, W. Davidson, F. J. Dun. lop, E. Sheekey. . Gaskell, H. B. Gough, A. Gregg, W. E. Harper, W. C. Macdonald, W. Sande, J. Shackleton, E. Starr, W. Carey Taylor, H. Walkqr, F. Wedd, and A. J. Wombey. At the commencement-of the third net the maypole dance was excellently danced by twelve young lady pupils of Professor J. Hampton Christisun. The dancers were loudly and deservedly applauded. A capital orchestra-consisting of, violins, Mr. W. F. Jones (leader), Miss Stamp, and Mr. G. Mconnell; flute, Mr. Cox; cornet, Mr. Slatyer; double bass, Mr. O'Keefe; tym pani, Mr. Lynch; piano, Miss W. Donoboe ; organ, Mr. Dunkley-added very greatly to the pleasure of the entertainment, and af forded the audience a rare musical treat. The music of the opera is very bright and taking, and full justice was done to it by the orchestra. The musical portidioof the proceedings were under the efficient eonductorebip of Mr. F. W. Harmer, who in entitled to the ighest praise, as are also Mesers. Salamono and Holloway, under whose management the opera was pro. duced. To Mr. Salamone especially much credit is due, as he not only played a difficult part, but also efliciently carried out the re opousibls duties of stage manager. Every person connected with the opera, from the door-keepers to the leading per formore, have full and just reason to be proud of what was indisputably a triumph and success, and the pleasure of which will be long remembered. The costumes, wigs, &c.;, which were very beautiful and appropriate, were procured from Mr. J. Gilbert Smith, wig-maker and thea trical costumier of 297 Pitt-street, Sydney. The performance was repeated last evening, when the attendance was even larger and more faehionable than on the first occasion. The piece went more smoothly even than on the first night, and the audience were more appreciative and sympathetic. The opera will be produced for the last time this evening, rnd we would adviso all who have not yet had the opportunity of hearing it nrot to miss the fntl.petrfeoltmnce. 