Salvation Atmy. BPECIAL RESCUE MEETINGS. RESCUE TEA-MEETING. The efforts of the Salvation Army in conneo tion with their Bocial Reform Wing have, with few exceptions, called forth the almost uo bounded sympathy ofallChristiancommunittes. It is unnecessary to dilate on the work that the Army have accomplihed, and are en deavouring to do, in the way of resoning oriminals by the extension of the hand of friendship, and by trying to save from impend ing danger othern who are, as it were, on the brink of the sea of crime, for their doings are ohronioled regularly in their own periodioals, and from time to time reference is made to them by the pres. It is needless to say that, in connection with the anneal appeal for the aegmentation of the funds of the Rsonoe Home, many of the inhabitants of Ipswich have given clear demonstration of practioal sympathy, by responding most liberally. As has been done in other centrea, it was resolved to hold a tea. meeting in connection with these speoial col. leetiona, with the object of still further swell ing the som, and, desiroen of interesting all Christian denominations in the work, the local captain interviewed representatives of each of the Prbtestant Chorches in town, with the objeet of secoring assistanoe in the getting up of the tea-meeting, and he met with the most gratifying sooess, receiving promises from each to eupply a table. It had been announnoed for some time past that special meetinge would be held on Sunday last and yesterday, to be 'led on" by a large staff from Brisbane, and, as was naturally to be expected from the general interest which has been manifested in the past, the meetings on Sunday attracted considerable attention. Services were held in.the morning, afternoon, and evening, and at the latter the barrackes were crowded to excess, and sitting accommo dation could not be found for many. The large platform was filled with soldiers, the place looking bright with the red and blue of the oniforms. The officers present from Brisbane were Major and Mrs. Peart, Stiff-Captain and Mrs. Pearce, Ensign and Mrs. Bray, the latter of the Prison-Gate Brigade Home; and Ensign Williams- and Captain Foller, of the Rescued Sister' .Hoige. The meetings went with a swing all day, the morning service being par bloslarly .oharacterised by a spirit of earnest ness, at which a sterling address was delivered by the Major. In the cfteroon, after the opening aere monies, Mrs. Bray sang "I'm the Child of a King," the whole company joining in the re. frain. Ensign Williams and Cdptain Fuller then each made brief reference to the work that was being accomplished in conneotion with the Female Resce Home. Although diffiolties were met on every hand, still they had to thank God for those girls whom they had been instrumental in ree. cuing from a life of shame, aed many instances could be given where those once bad charaotera had become soundly converted. The audience listened with almost breathless attention to these oficers as they detailed the career of some of the girls who had paesed through their homes, and related the almost in. descoribable meeting of parents and daughters which was oftimes witnessed by them. Ensign Bray, in speaking of the work of the Prison Gate Brigade Home, said that, within the last year, forty five of the men who had passed through the home had been soundly converted. What they wanted wan help, but, above all, the prayers of every Chratian, for those sn gaged in the work of saving people from that misery whichabounded onevery hand. Major Peart, in referring to the work of the Soolal Wing, said that their sanooess lay in endeavour. ing to extend to those who had snok eo low in sin love, sympathy, and affection, and, by degreem. they were enabled to bring them noder the infuence of the Holy Ghost. At nigbt time, several of the officers spoke, and the Major delivered a most earnest ad dress, contending that some of the greatest sine of the age were the worshipping of fashion and amusnr?eot, and said that tbh oily r?medy for uooh, end to ensure a bright eternity, was faith on Jesus Christ and a desire to do Bio will. SthOfCeptain P.orce wound up the meetting by making an earnest olpeal to all to start then, and henceforward, with the assist ance promised by ?od, h-ad a COnratian life.' The tea-meeting mentioned above eventuated in the barracks, last evening, and proved--e ing Army phraseology-"a glorious suoocee," altogether nsurpsesing the anticioatious of even the most sanguine. Eight tables in all were placed acroess the hall, esob of which wae abundantly filled with dain.ies that would temnpt the most festidonue taster, and the boards were beautifully relieved with slet;ti. cally.arranged boequets of flowers. Never before did the interior of the barracks present a brehter appeareaco than jost upon 6 o'clock last evening, the t:mn for commenoing operations, and it is doubtful if ever there was a more representative gather ing in the ball. One sitting would nothing like suffice to acuommodate all the ettendaunt. The tables were supplied by the varione Pro testant denominations of the town and were presided over by the following ladis :--Preabhy. terian: Meedames W. Graham and J. M. Gillespie and Misses Campbell and Bainec. Congregational No. 1 : Mrs. T. B. Cribb and 1Misses EMdith, Elizabeth, and Eva Foote?: No. 2: Mrs. W, Salkeld and Miss Moffat. Chburot? of England: Mesdames A. W. Darvall and O B. Wilson and Miss Pedley. Weeleyan, No. 1: Meadames Franotis and A. J. Foote: No. 2 : Mrs. W. H. Foots aed Misses Bell and Hodson., Baptist: Mesdames J. Ivett and Tileey and Miss Noeworthy. Women's Christian Temperance Union : Measdames Payne and Pyeden and Miss Mcle, A table had aleo been got up by the money which had been asubscribed by some half.dozen or so of young men, and this was presided over by Missee F. Lord, E, Young, P. 8kelton, and Ogden. As indicative of the work that is being done by the inmates of the homes, a sidetuble by the wall was literally covered with cocoanet fibre and fancy mate from the men's home, and numeronus useful and fanoy articles of drees from the sisters' home, and these attracted considerableattention. The etallwsas presided over by Mrs. Ensign Bray, Mrs. Staff.Captain Pearce, and Captain Faller, and. by their con bined efforts, they were successful in diepocing of some of its burden. Amongst those present were the Bee. T. Breewood, Mr. W. S lkeld., M.L.A., the stufftfHeere from Brisbane, and the oficers in command of several of the adjacent corps. After tea the soldiers formed into processional order in front of the barracks, and, headed by the band, paraded some of the streets prepara. tory to bolding an after meeting in the Weelerasu Church, which had been kindly placed at tho disposal of the Army, by the trustees of that body. Ae it was anticipated wond hle the ocase, the commodious baildieg was packed to the door, with a most representative gartheriog. Major Peart presided, and with him on the platform were the Rese. W. Brown sa-d T. Breewood, Mrs, Pesrt. Staff.Captain and Mrs. Pearne, Ensign and Mrs. Bray, EcigO Wil liams, and Captains Fuller and Downward. After the singing of a hyseon, and the Rev. T. Breewood had engaged in player, Major Pgana complimented the ladies upon the teathat they had presided, and as t he ad of the organisation in the colony, sincerely thanked them for their kindly help, and said that he atributed the undoubted euoorneaof their special meetings to the sympathetio and wil ling help that bad been extended by the variosne Protetatnt onrcthes, He also expressed the Army indebtednese to the tanstees of the WesleyanChurch for theirkindness in throwing the door of their Charch open to the Army, for which he tendered the heartiest thanks. The ponaker referred to wIat be termet the marvelloes amount of sympathy that had been extended in consneotion with the social opusa tions of the Army by all Christians. Deepite what good the Army, and Churches, and missions were doing in the way of rescue work, there was one deplorable fact over which they meset all mourn, and thatwas the vast amount of sin and iniquity that was still to be dealt with on every hand. Notwithstanding tbhe discouragementa, they had been enoouraged to go forward with renewed enesgy to the rescee. when they looked upon the many remarkable conversions of men and women of the very lowest type that had some under their notioce. teferenee was made tothehaunts abddensofesin and shame, that, he said, they had to frequent in the carrying out of their opeta:ions, and with an intensely enthusiastio atterance, he olaimed, that, by the help of God, there wes escape fronm snuoh a life. Th?ey had to acknowledge thei gratitude to God for what He had enabled them to do in the past, and to rely on His pro. mise and mercy for help in the future. It wa erxplained that the extension of their operatioos by providing these reces homes had been forced upon them by the fact thet many hbad attended their meetings, and had come forward to their penoitent forms, who when they left had no place to go but back to their old homes of sin and vice, and it we felt that a home should be proveded for those who were desirous of reforming. Statistiosshowed that during the paet six months 6fifty-fe girls bad passed through their Resoned Sisters Home in Brie bane. They could be accounted for as fol. lows :--ituatious had been ahoured for 13 ; six bad been restored to parents; one had gone to the asylunm ; two had been restored to friends ; ten had left the home of their own accord ; and nineteen still remained in the home. After an appeal for continned support, he reaumed his csat amidst applause. A duet, " While the daye are going by," having been snug by Staff Captain Pearce,. and Ms.. J. Foots, Ce:atain DowwuaRo stated that up to that evening the total collections for the Reseclle fand had been £50 2s. 38, That evening's col leotion of £6 Sc,, and a promised donation of Sc. would bring the total up to £56 Be. 3d. This announoement was reoeived with lond applause. He had expected to raise £70, but as Sunday's collection had been devoted to the Extension fund, he reckoned that they had lost fully £10 which would have gone towards tbhe resoue fand. The Mesou said that be thought that Ipe. wieh had done right nobly, and be had to thank them all most heartily for their practical help ead sympathy. Eusign Wlliams, of the Rescue Sieter,' Home, then spoke of the good that was being accomplished in connection with that branch of the work. She said that in addition to the numbers mentioned by the major, there were some sixty girls in eituatisone whom the offioaere engaged in that special work bad to "shepherd." The daily routine of work at the home was detailed, the speaker remarking that it was their endeavour to teaoh the girls to be industrious, and to bring them up to be honomuablo and respectable citizens. Noother recommendation for entrance to the bome than an expressed desire on the part of the applicant to lead a new life was wanted. It was part of her (the speaker's) duties to visit the Police Court every morning, and do what she could in the way of cheering any of the girls that might be brought before the Benoh, and, if possible, bring them to their homes. At regular periods, too, the Toowoomba Gaol was visited, and the inmates kindly dealt with, and an invitation given to them to come to the home on their release. The speaker gained the undivided attention of the audiensce, as she related the coareers of some of the girls that had passed through their home, and, as she concluded with the remark that they (the Army) were determined, come what would, in every case posesible to bring to justice any seducer; she was loudly applauded by the audienoce. She had to thank God for what had been done so far, and had to thank those magistrates who oftimes so kindle handed the prisoners over to the rescue officers instead of sending them to gaol. (Applaeuse). Enseign Buar then dealt at some length with the work that was being done in oonnrction with the Prison Gate Brigade Home, in which work he has been engaged in for the last fle years. During that time, he said, he had eoen some of the most hardencd orimieale con verted to God, snd a's strong had become his beliefs and fai:h in the caving power of Jesans Christ, that be did not believo that there was a man living but ooo!d be so changed as to b come as bright a Chrietien sn any in ,he Chuach that Sit't. Referenoe nea made to thle daily wo:k. At 5 o'clck i the moorning it eas the practice to rise and start with the horse and cart for the goal to give any discherged prisoners a welcome ti their home, irrospective of caste or cried. So long as men were really dezhrone of turingm over a new le f, they would receive verry ns sistanoe at their hands, but he mseet let it be plainly understood that they could not and cld not encourage loafers. Once a month he had. the privilege of viniting St. Brlena and inter viewing the prisonersthat were to bedischaoged during the ensuing month. He ewas aluaya met in a kindly spirit by Captain Penetfather, who was in charge, and he invariulaly recommended the men oe their rolceJa o go to the Army Home. Dnring the pa?t pear 247 men had passed through their home, 105 of whom had left, though the army kbrew their wh reaboute; nicoatione had been founod for 48; 43 bad left on their own aecoont, and their present residence was unknown; 21 had heon restored to their friends; 11 had to be dismissed for unsatisfaotory c ndnot; 9 h?at been sent to other inetitutionse; end there were 10 remaining in the boer. Many others, too, had been aseeated in other ways who had never entered the home. Within the laest few months 45 of the men who had been in the home, had been soundlt converted. Thiyeair they bad oiven away in connection with their w?erk 13,702 meals, and 4912 heds had been provlded. The work that the men were eogaged j.at the home wae alluded to, aad he aoncluded by expreseing the hope that they woald alwaye have the sympathy of oil Chrietians in their work, but above all their prayers, After the Major had .gain thoanked all who had helped them in connection with the appeal for fonds for the work, the audietce joined in snhging " Praise God from whom oall blessirg- flw" and the meetiog was onolidedo by the pronounoing of the beaodiation. 