[?] . CHAPTER xxviii— (Continued.) " Yes ; I lost a considerable sum — that is, considerable for me — through this gentleman from Cariboo," con tinued the captain. " It is all in train tor Demg settled — 1 am not going to ask you, Richard, for another shilling. I am sure you have been already ex tremely generous — very much so. But the money can't be paid for a few months ; and there is one rascal — an infernal Jew fellow — who, instead of replying to my letter, offering him very handsome terms, I am sure, has had the impertinence, I , see, to' write to mamma." ' " A Jew fellow write to my mother ! " exclaimed Sir Richard, with . an indignant emphasis upon the per sonal pronoun. "I am afraid so. I am almost sure I recognise his horrid handwriting upon this envelope." He took down one of several letters upon the mantelpiece that had arrived that morning for the mistress of the house, and were awaiting her return. , .";Ypu„ see he knows I'm nnder \- ' age, ' and he thinks to frighten one's people into immediate pay ment by threatening all sorts of things , which he cannot really put into effect, 'but which will alarm mamma very muoh indeed. It's a common trick." " Oh, indeed ; I am not acquainted with the ways of such people myself. And what is it you propose to do, Walter?" " Well, I don't think iny mother should see that letter at all. He is not a sort of person — the beggar, you see, spells 'Abbey' without an e— for a lady to have anything to do with." . " Nor a gentleman either, as I should think," observed the baronet severely. " But I do not perceive how we can prevent this mischief. You. cannot open the letter nor destroy it, of course." 1 "No, of course not," ; assented Walter, though with the air of a, per son who had only been very recently convinced of the impossibility.' Sir Richard took the objection-; able missive between his finger and thumb. To the' Honnerable Lady Lisgard, Mirk Abby, Dalwynch. What a deal of trouble this fellow Walter was causing ! Of course, one did not wish one's brother any harm, but what a nice thing it would be if one could get him some appointment in the colonies. New Zealand was said to be very salubrious, and had an . excellently conducted church establish ment ; the last mail, too, had brought home (for the eleventli time) the joy ful news that the Maories were finally subjugated. . " Aperfect savage," observed Walter, with reference to Mr. Moss Welcher XLoranams. " And yet with some good points," argued the baronet, his thoughts still lingering in the antipodes; "I'm hanged if I ever heard of them, then," replied his brother with irritation. "He's a black-leg and a usurer. I'd never have bet with such an infernal scoundrel, only that he offered me half a point more than the odds." " Ah," returned Sir Richard, with . all the expressiveness that is attri buted to the "Ugh" of the North American Indian. " Suppose we join .the ladies." I do not pretend to narrate how Rose and Letty had passed their time since dinner. No grown-up male — . with the exception, perhaps, of Mr, Anthony Trollope, whom I have heard ladies say has actually described the thing — can picture the mysteries that take place in the drawing-room before the gentlemen come in. Do they tell stories, I wonder, like the folks in the dining-room? Now and then something incidentally crops up which induces me to think they do; but there is no absolute proof. When I was a very little boy, and there chanced to be a dinner party at home, after having had my half-glass of wine — " up to the cut," I remember, was the niggardly phrase — . 1 it' was my invariable custom to leave tho dining-room when the ladies did ; and well I recollect now my elder brother used playfully to flick my un protected legs with his dinner napkin as I closed tho petticoatcd procession. But memory often rotains what is least worth keeping, and loses that which is truly valuable. If I had only lenown that it would be my future mission to write stories I should doubt less have not so noglocted my oppor tunities in the drawing-room. But at ' that time I looked forward to bo a merchant engaged in the diamond business, and realising thousands of pursos of sequins by traffic with tho natives ot Bagdad and Bassorah. Indeed, upon these vory after-dinner occasions I used to be taken upon somebody's lap," and entertained with anecdotes of that charming profession, the members of which were exposed to no vulgar bankruptcies ; but. if they escaped from tho mighty Roc (which was a bird) and from the loadstone island (which drew all tho nails out of their argosies), were certain to live happy ever afterwards with some beautiful princess, who did not scorn to ally her self with trade. Alas ! tho tongue is withered now that spoke such magic, and the kind band that fondled my childish curls is dissolved in dust ; and it is like enough that all the rest of the gay company is dead except that little boy. No; I remember nothing of it, except that the older ladies, and especially the married ones, used to herd together and interchange what I took to he secret and important communications ; and tlmt the young ones seemed to get after a while a little tired of one another (notwithstanding that they were particularly civil and affection ate), and turned exnectant dances toward tho door. They could not, however, have been more pleased to see the gentlemen than Rose and Letty were upon that evening in Mirk drawing-room to wel come the two brothers. Much as women are praised for their superior tact, it is my humble opinion that they possess less of it than ourselves. Their gentleness, beauty, and general attractiveness enable them, it is true, to render certain rough places tolerably smooth — nay, some almost impregnable passes very practicably ; but consider ing their great advantages, they often signally fail in a piece of social engineering, the difficulties of which almost any man would have managed to evade. They prefer cutting a tunnel through granite to deviating a hairbreadth from the line they have marked out for themselves. How often has one sat on tenterhooks, listening to a woman who raises a domestic breeze to storm, when any body. but herself (who has yet been married to the man a score of years) can perceive both drum and cone mast-high in her husband's face and manner; nay, when you, the spectator, have marked half a dozen openings — only she will charge with her head down in that foolish manner — by which she could have approached her consort's heart' in the- course of discussion, and got all she wanted, and yet let him keep his temper. When a man happens to have some feminine gifts, tenderness, grace, beauty — like Walter Lisgard, for in stance — what power of- pleasing, what avoidance of all subjects of displeasure, he almost always exhibits, notwith standing his masculine selfishness. . It' is very possible, indeed, that this young dragoon may not have capti vated my readers ; but that is because it is not possible to convey, by any description, the attributes which make such a man so popular. Men talk of the nameless charm that hangs about some fair one, her unspeakably winning manners, and the grace " beyond expression " that per vades her being ; but the influence of such a charmer is almost entirely confined to the other sex. She cannot compel adoration from her young lady friends ; not solely because she is their success ful rival, but partly beea- use1 sh'fe. does not possess the art of winning, .thetoi; She lias not the tact to conceal Her superiority, to conciliate their-' pre judices, to win their friendship. Now, Walter Lisgard, who was of course adored by women, was almost as popular with men. There were half-a- dozen or so of people — among whom wef.e Ralph Derrick and Arthur Hal- dane — who had seen him under cir cumstances of extreme annoyance, and had been disenchanted of the smiling kindly boy. There was Sir Richard too — but there were reasons enough why Walter should not possess his brother's good-wil' and having failed to win it, it was the nature of such a man to be em barrassed in, his presence. Dislike, nay, even want or appreciation, will often paralyse the most agreeable of our fellow-creatures, and make them duller than those who are at all times equally tedious. But if Walter had been in Rose's place I think lie would have managed to get 1 on bettor than she did in that tete-a-tete with her peccant sister- in-law. No woman can conceal her annoyance from its object, if that be a person of her own sex ; she can only be desperately civil. At all events, husband and brother were received by these two young ladies as though they had been their lovers, and then the tea came up, itself a diver sion, which they prolonged to an inordinate limit. Who is so fortunate that he lias never been compelled to Tea against Time I The dinner-hour at the Abbey, however, in consonance with ancient county habits, was a somewhat early one--G o'clock — and there was a considerable amount of evening to be got through. Sir Richard, in these terrible straits, pro posed a game at whist ; and the four accordingly sat down at the velvet card-table — scarcely ever used at Mirk — the gentlemen to contend for shil ling points, and tho ladies for postage stamps. Mr. Charles Lamb, has in formed us that he is inclined to think that there may be such, a thing as ' sick whist ; and if that admirable humorist had witnessed this particular rubber ho would have had his suspi cions confirmed. Poor Walter thought grimly of his last experience in that way with the Landrails, and could not liolp making an esti mate of how many cycles of years it j would talco him, with average luck, to | win back the money lost upon that occasion at the present stakes. Im mersed in this calculation he made a series of infamous blunders, for which Letty, who was, of course, his partner, reproved hitn with that unsparing severity which this delightful soionce induces even in an angelic partner ; it is at the whist-tablo that the trodden worm will turn with the most energetic writhings. Sir Richard, on tho other hand, who scarcely ovor ventured upon any finesse except that of ace, queen, was 'put in the highest spirits, and became as offensively triumphant as his chivalric nature would permit. Rose, poor girl, sin cerely bewailed her husband's vanish ing shillings, of which she kpew' he had no superfluity, and would have trumped her partner's best card half a dozen times ovor had she but dared. Altogether, it was the dreariest of domestic evenings. The morning that followed was not much better ; and never did mother receive a sincerer welcome from her off spring than did Lady Lisgard upon her return. Tho love-light danced in her eyes for a little at their genuine enthusiasm, but it soon died out, and they all observed how tired and worn she looked — how much more white and wan than when she had started from homo. If Sir Richard had had the opportunity, I almost think he would have now acted upon his brother's suggestion, and spared his mother the sight of Mr. Moss Abrahams' letter. But it was too late. Lettv hud herself taken possession of it ; and when tho first greetings were over, and all had had their say about the visitor of the day before, she put it into her mother's hand along with the other missives. " I don't know who your correspon dents may be, dear mamma, but I should recommend one of them - to apply to that gentleman who promises in the Times newspaper to teach every body a legible hand for four-and-six- penco ; and when he has done that he might learn a little spelling, such as A,, b, ab ; b, e, y, by — -Abbey.'' "I daresay it will wait till I go upstairs," said my lady, with a faint smile; and she did not even look' at it. Nay, when she had reached her room and was alone with her maid, although she turned the letter round and round with hurried, anxious fin gers, she did not open it even then, but gave it to Mistress (Forest, saying: piteously : "I am not sure about the handwriting., .Is it his,-. or no, Mary ?" " It is not his, madam." Thank Heaven for that !" cried my- lady, breaking the vulgar; sprawling seal, and possessing herself of the con sents. "More trouble," sighed she. " And yet, why should I sigh ? This is ,'only another reason to add to the budget-in, yonder desk for what I- am about to do." "That is well,; dear. madame,- and 'bravely, "said,"- answered- -the waiting- maid,. " It ' is no use. to court delay.' Sooner or later the . blow must fall ; if not to-day, then to-morrow, If he does not write, be sure, my lady, that he will come himself ; Sv.e must make up our.minds for that. He cannot go to Covoton and see my father — which ;is what I feel He intends to do— -witli- : out discovering all ; and ' since that, must be the' sooner lie does' so 'the better. We -are now prepared for the worst— for everytding, in 'short, except- 'suspense," "That is true;" returned my lady wearily. " Heaven lielp us !" "Amen !" exclaimed Mistress Fb'rdst encouragingly ; " and I both hope and believe it will." . CHAPTER XXIX. A JOURNEY ON FOOT. Some men; tvhen crossed or " pub :out," take, like Sir -Riotiard Lisgard, ; to whiptljng, melodies — surely a very mild. and harmless form ! of irritation. ! Qtliers >raj) but' tliuiider-clap of an ;oath'.o'i; firma- 'n$nVi: as;' serene' 'as-: dveiNothing, la'gaiiij can ealin' tjie wrath of some ; folds' bub. pedestrian exercise; ghost- wise,. '.they take to "walking," and gradually their angry passions exude. This last was the case with Mr. Ralph Derrick, mariner and gold-digger. When deeply annoyed, and some ex ceptional barrier existed ; to. his throwing the weightiest substance that happened to be at hand at the head- of his enemy, or burying, some . lethal weapon in his vitals, Ralph took . to walking' like the Wandering Jew. With the first stage or two, his thoughts were busy with the insult, rnal nv imnrrinarv. which had been luit upon him ; his teeth were set, his fingers clenched, his brows were corru gated ; then he began to swing .his loaded stick, not viciously, but after the manner of an Irishman at a fair ; and eventually that calisthenic exer cise, combined with the healthy influ ence of fresh air, restored him to that state of devil-may-care, which persons of charity go so far as to term, in folks ol a like, description, good humor. Of course, one cannot ; help pitying this poor fellow, for he is one of those who always look much better. on paper than in req.1 life, just the re verse of which is the ease- with the Walter Lisgards ; but as a matter of fact, be is not only a u rough oustomer," but a very dangerous and reckless man. Because we' have scon him behave towards that graceless captain of dragoons in a very generous and high-flown manner, it is not to be supposed that he was always capablo of magnanimous actions. That young gentleman had been his pet, and it had suited his mood to spoil him. A man may not only be agreeable to an individual or two, but an excellent father, or a pattern husband, and yet bo a most offensive fellow-creature to you and to I me. But it was certainly hard upon I ' Ralph that tho only man for whom ho ' entertained a genuinp afliection should have turned out such an ungratoful scamp. The treatment lie had lately I received at that young man's hands, the knavery of Mr. Jack Withers, and the more than suspected col lusion of his late comrade, Mr. Blan- quotte, united to put him out of humor with tho world. His previous opinions, as imported from Cariboo, before he met with Walter, that every body was more 01 less of a scoundrel, had met with the amplest confirmation. Ho was more determined to take his own way than ever, and let them look to it that crossed him. Bitter, indeed, had been his thoughts as lie had been borne . along with that rabble rout on foot from Epsom Downs. Deceived by those whom I10 had trusted, insulted by him whom he had loved, and robbed of threo-fourths of that wealth, to which he now ascribed a greater importance than ever, as the summum bonum, and indeed the only good thing that was worth gaining, ho had but stopped in London a sufficient time to pack up his scanty ward robe, then started off again on foot once mere, as wp have seen. Disgusted with the turf, as with all else ho had recently had to do with, he was now more than ever bent upon leading a new life — not, indeed, in a penitential sense, (although some are so audacious as to aver that it is a kind of mortification), but, in other words, , to marry. Mistress Forest was as fond of .,bim, he thought, and with some justice, as any woman was over likely to be ; and he was resolved not to be baulked of her by the machina tions of Sir Richard Lisgard, or the cajolments of his mother. After the payment of all his bets, he would yet have left a sum that to one in Mary's position would seem considerable ; for he could sell Many Laws, after his recent nRrfnrm.anflp. fnr a orp.n.t rlnn.l nf money, to the half of which he rather suspected Mr. Blanquette would never venture to lay claim. Yes; he would go down to the place - where she had told him her father still dwelt, and would dazzle him with such offers as could scarcely fail to induce him to add the weight of his authority to his own proposals j and there being no particular, hurry about the matter, and, as I have said, walking being consonant to his ' feelings when in wrath, Ralph Derrick had taken the road to Coveton on foot. It was. a long distance, and would have involved several days of such travel,, under' any circumstances, and he did not hurry himself at all.;- At many a wayside inn where he stopped to drink and found the landlord given that way, and to be good company, he stayed for the day and night, and even longer. And often lie left che high- road, and took those shortcuts across country which, like " raw haste," are generally ; "half-sisters ,to -delay." . This was. especially ; the jcase « --.when he began1 to draw near the . sea. . .. Those .who have ipassed : much of their time 'upon that- element (voluntarily), the roar ofv ocean; attracts as the trumpet- blast the quondtpi charger; and mile after mile did -Derniek strido along the cliff-top whenever it was practicable, and'bythe-'sliore, notwithstanding:that "his indulgence in that fancy doubled his journey. When we are out of humor, ayith our £ellow:creatures, the .external 'aspects .y 'of e'ven though we be fio;, pp.ets; rhave'- often a' special attraction.'for (isfcp-.the winds of spring— since so much"' has been said of those of- winter— are certainly nob so unkind as' man's ingratitude, and we bid. thein blow with a soft of sooth ing scorn ; nor does the blue spring sky bite half so nigh as benefits forgot. .It pleased R&lpli; Derrick to let it do its worst, and, rain or shine, lie never sought shelter save when he needed drinjc or rest ; and during this last part of his travel he obtained them as- often at some humble farmhouse as at .an inn. The simple folks, who stored at his great beard, and Svondjggd why lie did not show them whiijiligbods ,'he had in' his knapsack, like "any other pedler, pleased him hugely ; and when some newly-soaped and carefully-brushed bashful child would steal into his humble dining- chamber — which was the guid wife's invariable plan of getting her dues settled, since we cannot charge for things, you know (and especially brandy), without a license — lie would take the little creature upon his knee, and give him, or her, his newest shil ling, in addition to what was always a liberal settlement of the account. Perhaps he was practising that role of Paterfamilias which he .hoped to be soon called upon to play. At all events, Ralph was by this time in high spirits ; and when he was told that Coveton lay not above a dozen miles ahead of him even by the coast-line, he threw his cudgel l'nfn flio oi'u cli/mifnd o wild fragment of a digger's song, to the consternation of his rustic informant. His way now lay over a great waste of moorland, elastic to the tread, and over which the wind swept almost as unresisted as on the ocean from whence it came. Here and there it whistled through a bare thorn, but what few trees there were had hidden themselves in sunken hollows, and stood therein huddled together, with only their shivering tops above tho surface. Nothing was to be seen inland save " a levol waste of rouhded grey," broken now and again by a church spire or a scattered hamlet ; but the seaward view was very fine. Prom that moorland height you looked upon two fair islands, spread' like a raised map beneath, with every hut and quarry distinctly plain1, and the small white lighthouse standing out on its little hill like a child's toy upon its pedestal. How picturesque and sequestered they looked ; how like two miniuturo and independent worlds to either of which a man whp had had enough and to spare of the turmoil of life might retire with somo fitting mate, and peacefully end his days. Surely, thought Ralph, lie had some where seen those two islands before. As he stood at gaze, his thoughts went wandering over archipelagoes of gar den ground in tropic seas ; over rocky, islets sawn from iron-bound coasts by the jagged waves; and over mounds of sand, which the ocean had thrust bank into tho jaws of rivers, and suf fered man to call thein land, and dwell there, But those were none of those. As he went on more slowly, searching through tho long gallery of his mind for the picture which he knew was there, and half bewildered by the shift ing scenes, he was startled by a noise likedistant thunder. Thesky wasalmost without a cloud, and the sea, although running high and dashing with pettish screech against the cliffs, _ was not so rough but that tho fishing-smacks, of which there was quite a fleet in mo tion, carried all sail; moreover, the thunderous sound was not upon the seaward side, but. inland. A few score rapid strides in that direction made its source apparent. An enormous hole, like half a dozen gravel-pits in one, but deep as a mine, was gaping there; and at the bottom, whither it had tunnelled through years of patient unremitting toil, lay the churning sea. It was a gruesome sight to mark the solid earth — -just where a peaceful cornfield met the moorland — thus in vaded by its insidious foe, whose horrid psean seemed to have some thing of malicious greed aS well as exultation in it, as though it lusted to eat the heart of the round world itself away after the same manner. " The Devil's Cauldron !" exclaimed Ralph excitedly, and then looked round him with a half-shudder, as though - he had repeated the statement out of deference to a great local authority rather than initiated it of his own free will. Yes, such was the name by which the place was known. He felt certain of that fact; but unless in sober seriousness H. S. M. himself had wlllRnorPfl f.lio in-frn«mnfinn lirtw rUrl Vio ever come to be aware of it? He had certainly never been there before in all his life. It was impossible having once seen it to have forgotten so abnormal as well as tremendous a scene. True, there are pits and holes in many cliffs a few yards from their edge which reach like shafts in a tunnel down to the sea, but the distance of this place from the shore might be measured by furlongs, and the pit was so large that it almost resembled a land-locked bay. A cauldron itmigho well be called, where the black waters ' were seething and boiling even now, while in storm-time there would be such wild work as no mere witches could raise, but only the fiend himself, their master. Did the mad waves, finding themselves thus imprisoned, ever leap up ? Yes ; now he remem bered all. Thirty years ago, last autumn, he had seen those islands once before from shipboard, and had had them in view for a whole day. The wind, : which was dead against the vessel; had kept her off and on that dangerous coast, and eventually risen to storm, and sunk her with all on board save him alone. The last time he had seen that little lighthouse, it had flashed in vain its fiery warning through sheets of blinding foam. The captain had told him, hours before, what sort of shore awaited them, if ever the North Star should be driven upon those pitiless clifis, on which Derrick himself was now standing ; and, in particular, he had mentioned the Devil's Cauldron, which was spouting foam yonder, lie said, like Leviathan, a quarter of a mile inland over the standing corn. Ralph lay down at full length upon the thymy moor, and peered over the brink of the abyss with earnest gaze, as though he could fathom its dark depths, and mark what lay beneath them. Then rising, with a sigh, he wandered on, no longer with springy tread, until pre sently the cliff-top becajne dotted with white verandahed houses, looking down upon a little bay that ran up into the land between steep banks, well clothed with trees and shrubs ; whereby he knew that he had come to his journey's end, and that this ruqpt needs be Coveton. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 