T\VWO NIGHTS IN A WORIK HOUSE '. .-ALL.XL Aztrr) ' :The accommodtatoin":provided for. the desti atte in the .aeisil- wards is' attracting a good :eoal'of attention.jst now on tll sides, and from m?any .points of view. The president of the Local Government Board has given- striking evideioe. of the importance he attaches to the subject by his "surprise" visit of inepoc. tion to some of the East-and Casual W'ards. Tnspeetion is good, but experience is better. The male " Amateur Casual" is an old story in the 1Pll Mall Gazeltte, and his piece of bread still ficured in the Museum at this office. But no attempt line yet been made, so far as we are aware, to throw the search-light of experimental jourealsesm upon the condition of the female casual. Mr. Ritchie, we observe, limited even his inspection to the male casuals. But at the same time that the president of the Local Government Board was making his tour of inspection isl the East-end a lady representa Stive of the Pall Aldl Ga:etlt was taking her turn as an Amateur Cdsual. She stayed in two nights, and the following is the plain, on .varniished tale of her experiences. We will for o the present leavoour readers to draw their own re morals, if any, confining ourselves on this occasion to the bare recital of our Amateur Casual's experiences and impressions : SIt was bitterly cold on the evening a few days ad o when, after eating the very largest meal . I ever had in my life, I set out for one of the workhouses in the poorest parts of London. It is quite. close to I the- docks- in a neighbourhood, as every. I . body knows, where overty and wretchedness abound. That is why. I. selected it. I drew my oit dolman tightly round me-it was so very old that no pawnbroker would have taken i it as a gift--and walked fast to get warm. But a r tihe cold went throuigh my rlgs aid pierced me t t to the bone. It was quite dark when I reachedc e. the warkhoute. I had with tuo a humble frioud -the woman:who lent me the thitgs I wt, a r wearing-to show me the way. "I believe this a is thodoor," she ssil, pull n;. a bell. I was t Snstonitihed; for I exjieottedto see a shivering j crowd waitieg to ihe admitted. Bitt there was r ,b'h lv. it'hismensied..to me strange at the tune; ibut t lthink I can understand it now. A e•nitt, in pstied.the door--I couldn't see her h .i.- iii the darkosss-anda couple of big dogs a iit at,H tlheir Hpearansee., . " " It thit the casunl ward ?" asked my friend. l ;' Yes s; whatdo you want?" was the reply. a ý" Nothing; only this young woman wants at d nIighlt's lodging." , ' Well, what have you got to do with it?"n snapped the other. Suie's h big enough to m speak for herself, I should thlllk. -IIa"o you tt got nowhere to go?" wst the next question, in addressed to ise. . iNo," I answered, simply. . " Well, what are you, mairried or single? I Have you ever done sun work ?' I " A widow. When I canll get work, I work. N at paper- bags. a i , WVell, if you come in von'll have to pick two pounds o oakum, and if your task isn't us ddne by it o'clock in the morning you won't go out till thi following dty. Wednesday." m I said thatI had quick lingers, and if the task be was anythiing like'a reasonable one I could ilo w it. ;.: at ithoe woman was the wife of the superinten. dent. I learned afterwards. She was fair and m florid, clean, and neatly dressed. I somehow at imagined that her hard expression and snappish manner were both nseumed. She left me It sthnding in the passage in care of the two big y, dogs, and went into the office to enter parti- BE culars in a book; to " Whelo did yovu sleep last night'r" hi J gave en address in a back street at London Fielts--holdly, as I horse to be forgiven, to II Hackney .way, . isn't ,it? I don't think bt there's a street of that name:there." hi " You c.an look and see," I said. be " In the directory ". (with a look of real or m feigned surprise.) .. Yes." w '. How old are you ?" r I gave my correct age, but there is no reason " why I should tell it here. . -n, th , Have you any.money about you ? " 11 " No." th bl". or knives?" . so .Iiiaaswer to other questionsa I saidthat I bl was making my+way to Bromley nb Kent where I hoped to find a relation whom would give me to shelter, t i. . wex The woman came out of the office and opened St a door opposite me, to call eomebody. A man ru came forward whom she sent downstamrs for es somethling, and I just caught a glimpse of a ye 'narrow stone passage with a row of doors ou ye each side. it The man came back in a minute or two with. th a pint can three-parts filled swith. porridge and pr a .penny loaf. L" Take your supper and go . .upstairs," said the.woman. She went up with is sme,ollowed byoneof thebigdoga. I was taken wl into a bathroom. " Sit down there and eat th your supper. You!ll have a bath." The hot. at .watertapwas turnedonand allowed torun about nc six inches of water in the bath. I gulpeddown. w a few spoonfuls of the porridge. It was rather fea nasty. Therewas a lot of salt in it, and I got thi two or threehalf-dissolvedlumps in my mouth. an With difficulty I managed to eat a few mouth fuls of bread. I said .I was not dirty, and It didn'tneed abath. But the woman told me I esi should be compelled to have it, and I could see o from hbetmanner that she meant what she said. So I undressed, and told her I could manage. do " Oh, no; I must watch you in." I didn't lip speak for a few seconds,.but when I had untied all my rags, and was ready to slip them off I ev said, "Well, I have some sense of personal wi decency, but if you will stand there of course it Lc can't be helped." "Oh, youneedn't mind me;n m I see all sorts of people.. It's not so- bad as th having a man standing by. I can't leave you. lia What if you -were to commit suicide-hang on yourself or cut your throat? Throw the water so over your back. I- am not supposed to leave ab this .door while you are in there. You say be you're a paper-bag maker. I' should -'v me thought a young womana like you was fit for th something better." n I've not been at it long," I said. "I have lit come down in the world through no fault of my own." do She went. out for a second, but the dog lay r outside the open door keeping watch. "You St needn't be afraid of the dog,' she said, coming we back. "He's here to protect me. There's me some desperate characters in here sometimes. let He nearly had a wuman who was in about a TI fortnight ago. She was drunk and got hold of as me.'"" oi. "A re there many people here to.night?" I st venturedto ask. I. " Your'e the only woman, and there won'tbe he any more to-night.: They don't like coming lot here. It's too clean. They like to go to some of the other places where they're all together. it, Here they don't see each other." n " B3ut aren't there any men i" i " Oh, yea, alot downstairs." t " whot am I to put on ." sh "lyou'll have a nightdress. There it is ; th you're not.allowed to take anything of your do own into your cell." I put the nightdres o. p •It was: made .of. very coarse . stuff and th .only reached to my.+ kiees. " Fold: your op clothes up.together .in a bundle. You'll tak6 them with you to your. cellU, door and leave he them outside. You can put ou your shoes to th go down the passage. T'ake your bread with mi you: I can't throw it away." th I wae shown into a little stone cell. about the ap size of an ordina'ry bathroom, with white washel walls. It had a small window, high I enough.to be out of reach, contained ai iron- Pl bedstead, a straw mattress and-bolster, and os two rtig'. I was locked in. There was an sa aperture with iron bars at the top of the cell p on the same side as the door, and I got some s gaslight from the passage through this. Across n one stide of the floor there was ahot.water.pipe, m 'but, it never, when I touched it; was ever more ru tho warm. I wrapped myself in th blankets si and lay down, but the bedstead wrs so short e thatto keep in my feet I had to li- som.what he crouched up. I triedto bh philosophical, hut uc this was difficnlt, for I was shivering pc horribly. It would soon be all overth though, I kept saring to myslsif, od at I resolved to work as could at my .task next th morning, so that I might get out at 11. At th midnight, when everythiig oas quiet, I began Jr to wish I hadn't read " ltea Ghost Stories." B I covered up my face and tried to go to -sleep. a But I couldn't even get drowsy; and it was a as positive relief to me in the small hours of the w morning to hear somelbody snore. I scarcely had a wink of sleep all trght. ' " Abouthalf-past 6 in the morning the door of as my cell was unlocked: not by the woman Tuw ~' at night--an older woman, with a more for- I bidding expresion. She didn't speak at first. h I suppose she thought that to stare was as good C astospea'k. I got up. "Take your bed in there,':she said, pointing to the cell opposite. " Bing 'out the rugs as well. 'Take an sor ilothes." I was locked in again. Thb woman a came hcekin about test minutes with a can of .h porridge such stI hbit at nihtand atIOtlrrl5af. as 'Take your breakfast.'" she said, sand locked me in just as before. I had only had a mouth tlt or two of the porridge when she cnme in again. This time she-b ought with her a dozen pieces of cart-rope,' each about 10in. o"You've never done any of this sort ol work . .' "r No. Shetook up one piece of.rpae,, untwisted i coil, and thrashed is gainst the iron bedstead It was now in about 40 pieces of etring. She partly threaded to fluff one piece to showme how to do it. "1Iow long will it take me to do it allt?' I asked. " NEarly all day, .I'reckon-r.a"' .' " If 1 work very hsrdcaan't,. get it finshed "No. you couldn't finish it by then". ou re not going out to-day. yea know," she sid rAther tauntin ly. "The misaus told you you She wenmt out, but canme Iack in a minlie or two with a can of wate+r.- SeeiS?g.that I.was Sworking idstead of enatiug "ybhrstakfast, 'ieo Ssaid, "-You're tat going 6at t6'day, my girl, I "I went on working "ithetut oiiitiag any answer. The men downstairs were breakin stones. To the sound of their ceaselel hammering I thrashed and tore away at tb roe.aas fastie my fingers could move, neve stopping to rest for a minute. It was tarre ati- nd very hard and.aticky. I suppose the tim od must have been abopt 11 when '" the missui )m lopked.in and said, " Well, how'are you gettio he on?" - ng nAlittle prattling .baby girl had followed he to to the door, and sae pushed in her iuquisitiv x:- little face to look at me. Is. "I am afraid I haven't made much progress,' tr. I said. ry I had ehredded two pieces of the rolioe.an of there were 10 more to do yet. at "Beat it against your bedstead," said thi at woman. "You'll find that'll soften it a goo, a, deal." I tAld her that I had been doing aI that. "Yes, but you don't leatit half hart Is enough." in She want away, locking the cell door a at usual. I went o? working fast and steadily be for abont another three hours. My shoulder sr were beginning to ache and I had blisters or t- the first and second Iltgers of my right hand or I that were getting very painful. Oneo, in fact, o had become raw, ald was bleeding. The a- woman who brought me my breakfast brought or me my dinner.. It was a piece of cheese and n another penny loaf. She wasn't so boorish is this time. She asked me if I wanted another .r can of fresh driukiug water. I d.dn't touch the bread anld cheese, but went on v working. I had got fiveo pieces of the rope it shredded, and there was only the afternoon t left to finish the other seven. It would be too it dark to work after 6i. What if I didn't get o finished before then!- I was getting into a feverish, distracted state.. " a "Do ycu think I shall get it done today?" I r asked. " It's to be hoped so," said in a tone that 1 implied that she did not think anything of the t sort. " You've picked that first lot fine, but this lot's coarser. It's no ule to pick it any 1 coarser than this." SSheo left ine at that, and, still hoping that I might completemy task in time to escape another sleepness night in the cell, 1 tore dir. trnetedly at. the oakum. From 1 o'clock till " I never ceased themonuotonous, painful toil lmy fulges every.moment becoming more sore •I li painful. liunt hard as I worked I could see s the darvlirht faded- that my efforts were hopeless. When the matron brought what I suppose I must call by courtesy my tea-it was bread and porridge-only that and nothing maote-I was standing on the bedstead picking at the rope and catching the last glimmer of daylight. I had had practically no food-I couldn't eat what had been offered me-and I really was heartsick at the prospect of much more of this prison-like rigour. I had played the amateur casual long enough, but there was my unfinished task before me. To have con treoos myself . would" have been to - court a.. p?rosecution .for..getting 'my food and lodwig? (-ave the mairk)_ by.' false pietleuee. Ilesidee"that, itt would- haivobeen :cowardly. No; that task must be ddn6e- Could I finish, it by candlelight, anrd oidfree myself ?=.-This faint ray of hope for an instant lightened the-ddrk. ness, but ' the missus" soon extinguished it. " Can I have a light F'' I asked, with'tears in my voice and in my eyes, though she could'nt see them. .' You can't," she said. but there was a ia.e of pity ,even in this.short answer, and it tempted me to plead. - " For Heaven's sake, if you've any pity, let me have a light. If Isam in this dreadful place another day I shall go mad." " Well, I don't know that it's very dreadful. If you go into other casual wards you'll find you would'nt get spoken to as you've been spoke to here, or treated the same way. And I told you when you came in what you -would have to do." "lBut the task is a monstrous one," I re torted, my indignation 'beginning to get the better of my other feelings. "To think 'that human beings should bhe treated,like this for being simpl destitute. It's shanioful! It's monstrous' " . Did this outburst make'her doubt whether I was a genuine casual, I wonder ? Do the poor creatures who really are destitute humbly do the \- prison task-the hard, painful prison task-for the shelter of a cell and a bit of- coarse food ? Whether it was a guess at the truth, or only the natural pity of a woman's heart, she softened to me. She was anxious that I should not think that she personally was to .blame. "It's notmy fault, youknow. It's nothing to-do with me." She-even went so far as to explain thatthe guardians ordered the. food. She was there, she said, only to enforce the rules. One part of her apology deserves to be espesially noticed. "They're not alllike you, you know. I should think from your manner you've been educated and well brought up. Most of the people who come here are used to this sort of life, and many of them have been in prison." ..A faint reflection, this, of the ideas of what is due to the poor and ignoratit held by many who.are-higher placed than the ' missus"'of the.casual ward.. This opportunity to lighten at least her darknesseinstantly seized on. "Are not the.poor and- the,ignoranit, and even those w4oo had perhaps committed a theft and surf feredi-pnishment -frit, -humand beings with the same feelings and.emotions as the educated and well- brought-up? " She seemed to see the matter in a new light. It was.too strong, and dazed her. She only said in a confused, half-convinced sort of way, ' Oh, yes. they're.human beings, but-"- - The end of our talk was that she left the cell door open so that I could see to work by the light of the gas outside. I had worked away some little time, not even looking up from the rope I was fluffing, when a faint little voice caught iny ear. Looking up, I saw standing at the door the matron s little girl-a pretty little fair-haired thing about,two years old. She seemed to have been watching me for some minutes, and now was ready to make up to me. - She said soimething I didn't quite catch. Just as I was about to speak (I had almost snatched her before I remembered I was a tramp), her `mother's voice was heard: "Come away from there." There was a moment of hesitation and a look of disappointment, and then the little thing ran away. My progress after this incident seemed doubly slow. Soon I gave itup in despair and resigned myself-to another night of the cell. Still I was picking away when the second woman I have spoken of came along and told me that I needn't do any more. I had been let off the thin pieces of rope yet unpicked. This didnot mean escape, however. Of course as far as they knew I had no shelter for the night. By the woman's instructions I got the straw mattress and the two rugs from the cell I had curied them toin the mornng, made the best disposition of them I could, and then was locked in for the night. I suppose by this time I was getting used to it, for I certainly did sleep a little. My sleep ing and waking thoughts got curiously mixed, I fancied that daylight bad brought another task, and skuddered with tile conviction that I should so be kept aprisoner for ever. When the moraing came, and I found myself un doubtedly awake, I felt a sickening fear that perhaps more oakum would he served up with the breakfaet.and skilly. The sudden throwinig open of the door startled me a hlittle. It was the attendant, who stood in the doorway. I asked her the time. It was half-past. i. Sheleft the cell unlocked, and came hback in a few minutes with my breakfast- thinking,,perhaps,. thatby this tnime hunger would give me an appetite for the stuff. \- All I wanted was the word to go. I thought I might escape without any formality, and plucked up courage enough to ajsk,, ' Can I go. out now?". ' Not just yet," the woman said; '". it isn't seven o'clock." From this point my mind was at ease. I knew.thatI soon should have played out my part. With my normal amount of philosophy I sat down on the mattress. I sat down on-the bed- and rumilnatel. - Mentally summing up my impres. sios, Ithought in a keener way than I have ever thought before how hard is the lot of the homeless. With my fingers still smarting, I underetood better than ever I did before why poor women huddled down on bitter nights-in the corners of bridge recesses and on inhospit. able doorsteps. I reviewed the argument that the lot of the lazy should be a hiard one, and that people who won't work must be deterred Jrom makting themselves a burden on the rates. But I remembered that among the homelese and the werkless there must be many who are abhle and willing, and I asked myself whether for those the casual ward wasee all it ought to be- whether the fruitless tank of pick ingoakum and breaking stones should keep men and women from seeking the work that would enable them to live at least like honest peopl,. I was fast coming to the conclusion that for the honestly deserving the casual ward was a pla'ce to he avoided, when the woman caine to tell me I was free to leave it. A grutf question from the man at the door," Ia there anythiig here that belongs to'you i'" a thankful "-No;"' a hurried wvlk to a house near by; and soon I had thankfully put off with my rags my 6har- acler of the amateur casual. 