CORRE-SPONDENCE. I We are not responsiblefor the opinions expressed by our Correspondents.] j To the Editor of the Trpress.. DEAn SIR,-The Korobeit ratepayers should join a Baccbus Marsh Shire, say from Pyke's Creek, as I Hacchus Marsh is our chief town, and the annenion u of this portion of territory would no way hurt C Ballan as a Shire. My neighbours cannot have I the same groundless objection to join Bacchus Marsh, which they had three years ago, viz., " that we would have to pay water rates as well as the o general rates." Ratepayers here can appreciate b the laudable efforts of the Pentland. Hills Crs. in making a road to the Boundary of their Shire at s Pattinson's whilst that in Ballan territory is a C picture of mud. The public road by the B.C. Chapel is a disgrace, through inattention of Cr. r The road by Glenpedder is a quagmire in bad y weather, though the owners and tenants pay rates on a heavy assessment..- -- KOROBEasT. Sss,-I lVd toaiart with my Neaw Zealand friends in Chicago. -I took the New York Central to see my relatives near Rochester, 400 miles west from New York. I was very sorry to part with the New Zealand farmers. I have to relate how I r found my relatives, for some may think this is a romance'; I knew the great Cardinal was a rela tion, but 'I did not particularly want to find my rich relations. When I left Australia I knew my friends were in America, but that was all the t address I had. At' Honolulu a travelling show- a man came on board the steamer Australasia Captain Cargill, with Lord Harris, and all the 'English cricketers. ' He called his show "The Blacksmith's Dream." I spoke to him in my mother tongue, broad Scotch.. Have you travelled r much of America ? Yes, man, there is not much t of America I have not been through. You are a Fifer, and so am I. I am a native of Leven, no far frae whar ye were goin' to the skule. I was surprised, but he was right. How do you know that? Last night, at the amateur performance t in the saloon, I saw you dance the Highland fling, and Jack's the Lad, and I -knew we were both taught by the same master. What is your name ? Willie Gilchrist. Oh, I know you, you were leader of the brass band ' That is so; what is t your name Peter M'Cluskey. I believe you were the champion dancer of the Kingdom of t Fife, and you went to sea; and, Peter, are you going to travel through America with that name ? Yes, why not? Have you not seen Boucicault's k Octoroon? Yes, I have. Well, Jacob M'Closkey, in that piece, is the deepest dyed villian that has ever been represented on the stage. Boucicault put him there because he did not think that Arch- 1 bishop M'Cluskey, of New York, had treated him well. There is a whole county of M'Cluskeys 400 miles west of New York. Your Scotch cousin Tom is the village blacksmith in Clyde; his forge is near the railway station. I started early in the morning from Chicago to Rochester. Passed Detroit. All rich- arable land, well culti vated. On arrival at Clyde I made no enquiries but walked into the blacksmith's shop. iMy cousin Tom was there sure enough, hammering away at hot iron. I knew him when he put the iron in the fire. I said, you are my cousin Tom. And who are you ? - You recollect going to the Madras Academy in Coupar? I do; you're Peter; we heard you went to sea. So I did. Where are your people? In Australia. Wo have heard that too; knock off, boys, we will all liquor up. We all went to the saloon kept by the widow O'Callaghan anodstood at the bar to drink draught l.ger beer. WeVo adjourned to a large room, well rruuibaed- rather too good fur so many si,,?a faces. Tom enquired how t found him, and I told him. He said be knew Gilchrist, who had made a fortune years ago, and went home to Scot land, but only stayed nine months, as le said it was too quiet. How are your father mother, 'Tom Both dead, and my sister Mary too. And my other three uncles? They are all dead. The fourth is or was in the army in India. I said this was strange, as my father was the oldest but one and he was alive and well when I left Australia. 'rom replied that Australia was a much healthier country than America, where the 'extremnes of heat and cold were too great for long lives. We went to his home, where I was introduced to his wife and family-a nice, tidy woman, and had an American tea, different to what we usually have in Australia. I asked Tom where he learnt blacksmithing? In America; as soon as I came here I went to the trade, but the old man got pretty well off, and I lived on the farm with him until the war br.'ke out, when I went to the 'war, very much against the old man's-will. I had some fighting, but was taken prisoner by the Southern army and was a long time in prison. Never wrote home and the old people thought I was killed. At last we were released and were on our way north awhen we were again taken prisoners by the Northern'army, who did:not know us, but we soon got released. I got home all right with. out a scratch, and lived, with the old man again on the farm for some tiine. Well, Tom, what was the war about? It was England was the cause of the war. The English manufacturers'wanted the cotton, and the Northern States wanted the cotton .also. England fitted out the Alabama, and supplied- the Southerh planters With money to carry on the war with, and we were determined 3 to have the cotton for'our factories. I said that in Australiawe understood the ,war was to eman i: 'ipiateithh alavdd': Yee, that'harried some 'weight with a few, but the slaves were better off before the war than they are this day. It was a.war for the Almighty Dollar, that is the long and!short of t it. Next niorriing we were up at.5 o'clock to see i the Yankees training their trotting,horses. Every I village in Yankeeland has its training ground. They were beautiful horses, well handled, very fast trotters. They call them the golden horse. t I have not seen any of the breed in Australia, or c in any other part of the world. Now, said Tom, t we will go and see. my father's and mother's grave. It was a delightful walk along a beautiful e road, nicely planted with maple trees, and on a I fine clear May morning. We came to the Ceme tery; not a very large one. On a plain :stdne I t read, "Gloria in excelsis. To the memory of t James M'Cluskey and his wife Mary; also their daughter Mary." We knelt and offered a short t prayer. Tom was serious; I was sad, and the a tears came trickling down. This was the grave of my uncle and aunt, and of my beautiful fair- I haired blue-eyed cousin Mary. We were school mates, and oft had we paddled in the burn and I pu'd the gowans fine in the days of auld lang syne. We walked some distance on the way to r the village before either of us spoke. (To be con- e tinued.) PETER MI'CLUsKEY. To the Editor of the Express. SIn.-" Nemo" asks a question civilly, and should be answered. He does not seem to want to ride over me rough shod. I wrote those words he enquires about for a purpose that I am not inclined to disclose here. I said "I hold the belief we are purified hero." I had no wish to change any person's religious opinions. I worship t the same God you all worship, .but I do not worship man. The command of the captain of the Kearsage was, "fire slow, take good aim, make every shot tell." The Alabama fired at random, and too quick, therefore the ,,hot froe., ho, Il..... G told -tad the &\--ltamn wont to tOh bottom. I am desirous to get out of this kind of writing, and my learned critics will, in a very short time, be my greatest supporters if they have patience. PETER M'CLUsKEY. To the Editor of the Express 1 SIR,-In one of his letters Mr. M'Cluskey wrote- a "This is a beautiful world to live in; everything t is grand eand beautiful, as God created them," &c.; Does he not assert what is at best but a partial truth ? Did not God create the world just as it is? Is it beautiful for all ? Is it wholly so ( for any ? Is it beautiful for the victims of the a flood, the earthquake, and the pestilence? Can r th" famine-stricken thousands of Russia discern aught of the beautiful in it? Does not its beauty depend on circumstance? Is disease natural-of S the earth earthy ? Is the cancer beautiful to him t upon whose body it luxuriates? Is there melody s in the throb of a diseased heart or sweetness in the cough of consumption? Who or what that is capable of suffering but has ever suffered, and does suffer, more or less, in mind, body, or estate t in this same beautiful world of the noew Pangloss? If Mr. M'Cluskey replies that all these evils have I fallen upon the earth in consequence of man's sin, then I ask him for the proof thereof, and beg of him to justify the punishment and cursing of all upon the earth, and the earth itself, for the sin of one man, and do this on the lines of reason, of E justice, and of mercy. Then I read in his letter that " the sins of the father fall on the children to the seventh generation." May I ask what I God ordained the law from which such results flow-an omnipotent Nero or a just and merciful t All Father? What should we say of a human 11 judge who punished men for crimes or sins their ancestors committed seven generations since? Had Deeming spared one little child ought we to bang it because its parent was a murderer ? Can C God be less humane than man ? Finally, is the t Being of whom Mr. M'Cluskey writes anything I more than a concept of the unknown by men who were in many respects barbarians, and is not their own character reflected in the disposition they have given Him? In other words, instead of a reading " God made man in his own image," a should we not read-" Man, in all ages, makes God in his own image ?" I ask this question in soberness, and with respect for all earnest men's religious'conceptions and practices.-I am, Sir, yours truly, AGNosTIC II. t Warragul, July 9th. d To Ohs Editor of the Er?,rss. nOru,--mr. isauuTssey I reply to my epistle Is most 5 disappointing. Argument he has none, but abuse t and irrelavent cant by the hecatomb. He creates imaginary foes for the sole pleasure of casting mud at them, and then he-charitable man, sweet t nectar of the Marsh-complains of being " criti- s cised with a very malicious and vindictive spirit." Now to disabuse the mind of this unwarrantable assumption I state that "One of your Readers" is solely responsible for the letter; that he lives in the Marsh, and that clergymen had no knowledge, act or part in its composition. When your cor- I respondent attacks revealed truth, and casts foul aspersions on its ministers-whom we revere as " ministers of the mysteries of God," and " ambas sadors for Christ"-he poses. I presume, as vindi cating the freedom of conscience and liberty of c the Press; but, when his irreverent intrusion is [ resented; _ when his ephemeral platitudes are exposed and refuted; the rhapsody is changed to that of " narrow-minded and bigoted !' Friend, remember your own choice words, and apply them t to their seat of conception-" Wisdom will not I enter a malicious soul," &c.; But what shall I say to the charge of " double dealers and hypocrites," terms which flow with elegant ease from thits new Evangelist ? As he has the peculiar logical talent of drawing conclusions without premises perhaps he indiscreetly fancied, as I portrayed a the deluge of fire and brimstone on the immoral cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, it to be a mere allegorical subterfuge, in order to cover a pointed delineation of the doctrines and practices of the Mormon saints, who find in him an enthusiastic apologist. As to the "sin that cannot be forgiven, neither in this world nor in the world to come," he asserts, without qualification, that the sin is " simply a person to die and not repent for the sins he has committed." Now, friend, as a per son may die unrepentant for any one sin the logical deduction, from your assertion, lands you on the horns of a dilemma, namely, that either all sins are sins against the Holy Ghost, and cannot be forgiven, or that there is no specific sin or species of sin against Him, and all can be for given. Both are contrary to revelation. See Mat. xii., 32. Now, friend, you will either have to retract your assertion or extricate yourself as best you can out of the dilemma. Take whatever course you please. As a religious teacher you are unfrocked, and have made yourself as ridiculous as your assertions are unfounded.' In conclusion I would have you remember that abuse is not argument; nor do assertions, however fantastically clothed, convey conviction. But, above all, honey, don't lose sight of the divine commandment, "Thou shalt not bear false witness agnaist thy nolgahour.'" ONE Or YOUI, OEnDEcS. To the Editor of the Express. Sar,--Permit me to call public attention to the injustice done to Bacchus Marsh owners by the Dog tax. Rabbits can be kept down by skin buy inag, and to procire the pelts it is necessary for landowners to possess dogs, and yet our Shire Councillors have so far forgotten themselves as to impose a tax eof 5s. per dog. Now if this impost ,djd any earthly good all would be well, but it does not in any way meet the requirements which called it into existence, viz, 1st, to prevent dogs belonging to the township fromrr killing sheep. Those dogs are now now as plentiful as ever they were, and as far as I know their owners do not pay the tax. 2nd, to provont, by diminishing the number, the starvation of dogs. Is this I believe its chief virtue lies, and can still be kept in existence by taring township owners and exempt lug farmers. This would give all round fair play, and general satisfaction. Thanking you in antici pation, I remain, yours truly, SQUArrEu. [The 5s. annual dog tax is no burden to any man, woman, or child who has a dog worth keep ing. The only thing to comruplain of is that tihe tax is not collected by the Police.-ED.] S To lthro Editor of lIhs Express. . SIn,-CRn- any of your readers tell me why, it is that'we cannof contrive in this district to pull a little better together for the common good ? I allude especially to those things which pertain to thie amenities of life- the occupation of our leisure moments, and thie improvemenut of our minds. It is, as it happens, the office of the profession I follow to administer to those amen itles, and during the year I have resided in the Marsh I .have met with meuchl to discourage and to.indeed-astonish me; but- in the-miserable attendance that rewarded eo mnelc toil in the production of " Uncle".last Friday I trust I have seen :the climax of that indifference to mental improvement which edwraps some of our, neigh bours and acquaintance. I do not find fault with people for not coming. out on that particular occasion, but I complain that their absence argued that intellectual amusement, of however light a character, is not to them an amusement, but a tedium and a worry; whilst the existence of counter attractions at Parwan and Toolern, and elsewhere, shows a regrettable want of neighbourly kindness and consideration. We intend, if pos sible, having another performance of "Uncle" for the Melbourne unemployed, and I sincerely trust that our good neighbours will not, as soon as the date is advertised, think it incumbent upon them to devise means to reduce the numbers of our audience.-I am, Sir, your obedient servant, J. H. LATno E.BATErLAN, Stage Manager, B. M. Dramatic Club. The Old Parsonage, Bacchus Marsh, 13th July, 1892. [Performances given at or near the full of the monon generally have to contend with competing entertainments, as all persons who purpose to hold meetings of a social character in country districts select the best moonlight.-ED.] 