Cnmnt ®0|rix0. English Methodism. That is, as seen through the Victorian, or, in other words, the Rev. W. H. Fitchett's spectacles. An interviewer from the Spectator publishes Mr. Fitchett's views of Methodist Church life in the old country ; and now we can under stand how it was the Recorder refused to publish these views. In answer to the questicn, ' How does the Methodist pulpit impress you 1 ' Mr. Fitchett speaks of mournfully belated sermons from eminent men,' and adds that after hunting for good sermons all over the world, the first he heard on his return (from Rev. Mr. Bath, at Hawthorn), would compare favourably with any of them. Hugh Price Hughes's sermon was one of ' portentous dulness,' while Dr. Moulton's charge ' was a mere trickle of the most tepid prose.' The English Conference, Mr. Fitchett des cribes, as too large for business — ' a huge crowd — the spectacle was simply appalling.' He thinks there should be a separation of legislative and adminis trative work such as we have in Aus tralia, but despairs of any immediate change. On the whole, the account of English Methodism, in this interview, is not by any means a flattering one. Mr. Stead has recently given a character sketch ^araeter of the Rev. Hugh Price ? Hughes, a gentleman who is not unknown to fame even in these days of difficult climbing. The sketch is both racy and character istic. We give a few extracts to show what sort of a man Mr. Hughes, is in the estimation of Mr. Stead. First, tlien, he is' the recognised exponent of the .Nonconformist conscience which re pealed the Contagious Diseases Acts, hurled Mr. Parnell from power, and placed a veto on the return of Sir Charles Dilke to public life.' Then he is — ' a born gladiator of the platform, of whose smashing blow let the enemy beware. No man ever hits out more squarely from the shoulder. No one follows up his blows more rapidly. No one so sweeps all before him by the rush of his impetuosity.' Again, Mr. Stead thinks that if Mr. Hughes had a little more of the feminine element in him, it would mellow him, broaden his sympathies, and make him ' a trifle less of a day-of-judgment in breeches.' The character sketched is certainly not love able ; it is decidedly fightable, and Mr. Hughes may pray to be saved from his friends. The small hand camera is getting famous for its AShotd truth-telling pictures. It does its work instantly, and is likely to become a terror to evil doers. Here is an illustra tion Mr. Hepworth, a gentleman well known in camera circles in -London, was out taking London-street scenes for lantern purposes. Among the scenes he took was one entitled ' Caught in the Act.' It prQjected on the white back ground a figure of a man standing on a water-cart pouring water in a large milk-can, while hard by was a cow standing at ease. The little scene was so full of expression, as the art critics say, that Mr. Hepworth says that it had been supposed that he had arranged the composition, or, as photographers put it, ' posed the subject.' This, how ever, he assured his audience was not the case. He had simply come upon it accidentally when he was in quest of street scenes with a hand camera, with which he secured an instantaneous record of this milkman's method of doing business. With some people The osophy is a craze. They Theosophy understand very little 1 ' about it, and, indeed, it is a cult whose esoteric character, we are told, is difficult to explain to the uninitiated. But to many intelligent outsiders it seems a strange conglomeration of delusion and folly. Mrs. Besant's eloquence and fascinating oratory has given it a temporary pro minence in England, but the common sense of the British people is not readily stormed, even by female oratory. An attempt was made to introduce a controversy on this subject in the columns of the English Mechanic. It was objected to as a contemptible craze, and everyone who felt the slightest interest in the imposture was recommended to obtain, and care fully study, Part IX. of the Proceed ings of the Society for Psychical Re search for December, 1SS5, published by Triibner and Co. It will enable them ' to form an accurate estimate of the truthfulness, honesty, and probity of the High Priestess of so wretched a delusion.' The second number of Charitv 15 h 6 ^ev7 ew °f tlie Never Churches is a capital Faileth. issue, full of good read ing, and it contains some wonderful things. For instance, it contains a letter from the late Car dinal Manning in connection with the Round Table Conference on the re union of Christendom. Be it under stood that Cardinal Manning was the recognised head of the Roman Catho lics in England, and Dr. Lunn to whom he writes is a Wesleyan minister, and is the general editor of the Re view. The Cardinal begins his letter : ' My dear Dr. Lunn.' This alone was a great step towards unity, and the Cardinal's letter breathed a spirit alto gether different to the drum ecclesiastic. There are many sentences in it to which, with all our hearts, we say Amen ! In concluding his letter, the Cardinal did so with the following prayer : — ' May the Holy Ghost renew His own unity in truth!' And so pray all of us. Truly, the Spirit of Truth seems to be working in His own wonderful way. The signs of the times are encouraging. We have often heard Th Dut of §en*us *s to Being Mad nia(;lness i and sometimes * - it certainly seems so. But the Rev. W. J. Dawson, writing in a magazine called The Young Man, urges on young men the duty of being mad. This is the text he preaches from ; and did we not know who, and what, Mr. Dawson is, we should think him a little touched him self. But there is madness, and mad ness. There is madness, like that of the mad dog, which foams and rages, and inflicts hydrophobia when it bites. But there is a divine madness, like that which Paul was guilty of, when he was charged with being beside himself. It is this latter madness which Dawson means ; and he tells us there is only one conspicuous man in our generation who has been grievously mad with the enthusiasm of Christianity, and that is General Booth. We don't entirely agree with all Mr. Dawson says, but we could do with a few young men in our Churches who were genuinely mad, with divine and Christ-like enthusiasm. We invite the attention Ecumenical of our readers to the beautiful Methodist En aCICI]?6SS* i ? i t * j * ? i cyclical Letter, which we publish this week. It is conceived and written in a fine spirit, and may be taken as giving a resume of the work done at the Council. It claims to represent 25,000,000 of Metho dist adherents, scattered over the face of the entire globe. It may be taken, too, as the utterance of a great longing for Methodist Union, which must, ere long, be an accomplished fact in every land. The particular subjects specified as requiring united federal action, are, temperance, Sabbath observance, S9cial purity, and the suppression of gambling. The address, too, it will be noted, pleads for a wider and more generous use and recognition of the gifts of godly women in Methodism. Many other topics are discussed ; but the address must be care fully considered to be appreciated. We know no reason why it should not be read in all our principal congregations at least. It is so excellent, that it can not fail to do a large amount of good ; and hence we gladly place it before our readers. . An important meeting of „ . f the Missions Board was Missions. held on Monday last, pre sided over by the Ex President. Two matters came before the Board which occasioned considerable anxiety and discussion. One was a communication from Fiji, giving facts as to the alarming decrease of the native population, and reporting grievances to which, in the opinion of the writer, they are subjected, which partly account for this decrease. The other was an authenticated report of an utterance at a meeting, by a high offi cial of the church in another colony, to the effect that, owing to prevalent finan cial depression, no circuit would be jus tified in giving to any foreign missions. In reference to the difficulties in Fiji, the Board realised it had a grave res ponsibility in whatever affected the well-being of that famous mission field, and directed the General Secretary to obtain fuller information. We may, therefore, expect to hear again of these matters. Further comment for the present, therefore, would be out of place. The other matter to which A Grave we haye referred above, Mistake, however, is of quite a different character, and calls for severest censure. We have not the slightest conception who th^, official in question may be, nor the colony in which this remarkable utterance was made. We are, there fore, the more free to point out the fallacy on which it is based. It assumes the support of missions to the heathen is an optional thing, that can be deter mined by the financial conditions that happen to prevail. But this is utterly false and misleading ; it is disloyal to the general Conference that has ac cepted the obligations and cost of this mission work ; and recreant to the principles of the Gospel of Christ. Pointing to the dying multitudes, He says, 'Go ye;' and, in obedience to His mandate, we go. The Church that claims exemption from these responsi bilities on the plea of hard times can never prosper. It forfeits its claims to the promised Holy Ghost. Re trench, by all means, we say, in other directions, if times are bad, and money is scarce, but not in the direction of mission work. We cannot afford to slacken our hand here, or God must withhold from us His blessing. A 'friendly critic writing Sunday Clos- in the Daily Telegraph PabUe?houSeS the °'be'' day . on th! recent Convention, and the happy blending of Christians of all denominations, remarked upon the mighty moral force there was in the community if it only knew its ? power. Very truly this writer pointed out how it might exert an influence on the legislation of the country which would effect some remarkable reforms. When the time comes that Christians will have sufficient Christianity to care more about the Kingdom of God than their little isms this will be done. It almost seems as though that time had come in at least one important American city. In Portland (State of Maine) on the 4 th of November last many citizens, the clergymen generally, and Archbishop — ? Gross of the Catholic Church, went-in a, body to the Common Council,. and der manded that the laws on Sunday closing be enforced. The Archbishop made a strong plea for closing up saloons and business houses on Sunday. They pre sented a petition signed by 2,000 busi ness men, representing 30,000,000 dol lars, asking for Sunday closing. In this, as in so many other matters we might wi th profit take a leaf out of our American cousins' book. Any one reading the A Suicidal fPcrs th» ,Past Mania. v weeks must have been painfully impressed ? with the abnormal num ber of reported cases of suicide. This is specially true of Victoria, and the press of that colony has been investigat ing the causes of this outbreak. One Melbourne editor thus comments on the matter : — ' The desire to obtain a. great many other people's £400 of Mr. Hayter, the Government Statist, who shows that everyone in Victoria is worth £400, seems to have been the prevalent cause. Men must hasten to be rich, and money took to itself wings and flew away. Three men who had ? been wealthy did not dare, to face the world with reduced means, even though those, means were far above the statist's average, and so they dared rather to face the unknown. Truly human nature is a strange enigma, . and human nature minus the indwelling Christ is, of all things, the least reliable. The verdict of 'unsound mind' always now re corded, . is a true verdict. No mind is sane save when redeemed. More and more, too, is the saying pressed home, ' Put not your trust in riches.' Why should we live half-way up the hill and swathed in mists when we might have an unclouded sky and a visible sun over our heads if we would only climb higher, and walk in the light of His. face. — Dr. Maclareh. . ? . 