Scenes on the Rhine. Julian fIIwthornc Writes of Cologne and Bonn. The Most Magaiflcont Specimeno of Gothie Architecture in t'Jo World-Thec lutl ICteoe of a Ooan'is Corpso r.nd 'Whnt Camo of It. It was quite dark long before we reached Co!oane, writes Julian HIawthorne; in tao! i was rnear mnidlni hi, and uthirniti conie t; een r. we approahbed the city bit high;t, gradually multiplying. The greaot athceral was invisible, but when we emerged from the railway station, behold I there it rose directly over our heads, a mighty cliff of carvey atone ascending to and losirng itself in the darkneas of themidnight atsy. We gazed and clambered into our waro?ns acud were driven around the Zuoliches I'rta (which contaEns not only the nathedr,.l. but the ertablisn mente of the various firms which p'ofees to tell the only genuina Colaone water), and through some narrow and evious streetsa e our hotel, situated habout a quarter of a trilt away. After a mouthful of supper there was nothing for the moment as bed, and to bed we went. Our beds were of the familiar (ler. man pattern, short and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded corerlid; but we slept the dreamlests slep of erhaue. tion. The next morning we took the train to the anivcrcity town cf lionn, twenty miles away. As we left Cologne and got ou into the plain the vast masa of the cathedr.l, with its twin towert, rose hig higher and l,igher: ahos the roots of the snrra.unding city until at length tne city Eunk altogether out of s:ght and tr.e cathedral alone remained and plosreeeed the horizon. The Fropterions of this wgrdertul structure are eo perfect that it is impr:tible, while, in its immediate vie n:tay, to realive its r ermoue dimneneionr. lt'ney are revesl d on y by d.taonee, but when tihy are revealed they almost surprue expretatione. It is he arcialtctlure that the wOrld ho: Ever tLen- one of the few c:eatlo:?t of man that abohe lately eatiofy the craven of the hun:an mi?ih far perfection. Br:n is one of the prettiest of univeroity towns, with long, shady avern?e and L.andeaome illas in the outkirts. The college huildings nree of tie eimnrr.et et:rbitt - tare. Toe brtoad IErine, of a yelonieh green hbat, hurriet by on one side. atd a few miles farther up rrtes the mountain of tl:e Dracb?arels, with its rumed cartle on the sumn:it. At the little church on the hill near Eon? there wao a wide view nver a lunad anra ter. tile plain for the mtmho er of the Irexpneition that visited it. The cathedral roee likn a ,lrati: t mtunrtan pya"o on tl: :::.izrOn. t: The 1:line flowed thra:aah the lands cer in a loire curve, and along its tirake crept three or four regimeuts, of her ara ercicaed in cmas drill marcuvree. Trere were rn:ares of eliauds in tue sky and shaidows and sunehine flatted acrors the face of the earth. A frresh weehtetly treeze was blowing and the at mnsrhere was exhilarating. We descended in the crypt of the church, where the dead monks lay in oa ?ir on evela aile of tihe dark and narrow vault. The flesh had dried and ehrivelled upton t!acir bones, and their germents had partly cram bled to pieces with age, but the rxpression and charaetar of each face was treecrved, and the sighrt. trange to say, was eat disagree :,hle. The withered faces had an aspect of profound peace. Eitch figure lay with his hands folded actoss Lis breast. One of them, however, had died of lockjaw, and his eaouth was wide open, giving hir a most aingular and groterque appetarnce. Tihere was also a story aonntcted with this indi. vidua!. An Englishman with a mania for relics had broken tff a thumb from this body and carried it away, but many years alter ward he had sent it back with the rrquete that it he resorea1 to its proper owner, and adding that miferture had pursued him over since he had committed the rubbery. The ghost of the outrsCed monk Led given .ir tCo rest. So there lies the thmb on the withered bretast, anld tie letter is lprrealved in the archives of the church. The smiable little priest who told us theI lecetd smiled at us as he told it with a chiittir pleasure in this oorfirmation of the reality of his re ligion. It was a memorable scene-the dark crypt, lighted only by the lanttern in the hands of our guide, the duciy corpets in their open ccfius and the silent crowd gazing and li'tening. Roatarnieg to Bonn we got into a river steamer, under the guaidance and by the in vitationr o the Americnrn Consul at Coloane, a gentleman who throughout treated us with the utmost cordialiry and attention, and precrtcded up the ritr to the Drachenfels. The ruin of Drobafete shorws the cara. ing mnsi venesn with which the old builderI built. Only a fragment ct the town remains, rielog etrairght up from the vertical face of the apreciples for sizzy fret, tot so true are the limes and sa ponrneono the weakmnaeabip that it may well stand a. it is now for an other thousand years. We clambered and rambled over it, and the photographer took our photegra.lhs, and we made very mErry in the old robber etrooghald, where the noble robbers themselves had been merry centuries before. But the hour came when we mest depart, and before long we found cnraelves back in Cologne, with the memory of a day on the Bhine that will never fade away, 