LIIII'?H IJU!?I,?U' Y~IU.ILJ A Story of the ' Black Country"9 of South Staffnordshire, BY JEAhNIE GWYNNE BET'ANY. (Published by Special Arrangement Wtio Afessrs. TVard Lok, Botoden, and Co.) OCHAPTER XIL--(Contined). 'Look here,' said the lawyer, 'if Kizzy is anywhere in the neighbour hood this will bring her out, for never a man is burnt in the pits but she goes to see if she can do anything.' While they talked an endless tramp was heard in the road outside, and loud wailing. Troworth Hill coal mines are situ ated on the opposite side of the town of Jumley to that on which Mr. Rim mon lived; and Hackbit and his uncle followed the direction of the tramping feet across the Old Park, through the disreputable, dirty little crowded town, which had nearly always its pestilence as the summer came round, as it had always its pestilence, summer and winter, of vice and profanity. Neither Mr. Rimmon nor Mir. Hackbit could be said to notice these facts much, as they had both been brought up in the neigh bourhood; and what we are accus tomed to does not shock us. The shops in the town appeared " : deserted, and the blackened snow bore the marks of multitudes of feet. .Before they reached the spot they saw lights moving, and their throats were filled with smoke and sulphury vapour At last they got close to the wailing crowd, consisting chiefly of women whose husbands ware in the mine-too often their sons also. Prayers and oaths mingled strangely in their conversation, which was disjointed, and chitfly at the screaming pitch. Clouds of hot smoke were vomited from the pit's month. Hackbit and Rimmon forced their way through the women to get near a group of gentlemen -who were close to the pit's month. They were the proprietors, together with the engineer. *' Can you account for this, Mr. Mur dock ?' asked Mr. Rimmon of the near est of these gentlemen. 'It's the lamps, I expect,' he replied. ' We should have had the Davys in a few days. 'H an any of the men come up before this occurred ?' continued Mr. Rimmon. * ' Every soul is down that went down this morning. ' How long do you think it will be before anyone can venture down the pit ?' 'It would be death to anyone who went down yet.' This conversation was extremely difailult to carry on, owing to the shrieks of the women, who called in ceesantly, 'Can't you do anythink to save 'era ?' ' Isn't there a man among you?' Mr. Murdcck tried to speak to them, but they hissed at him as the author I of their mjsery, and demanded their husbands and sons and fathers at his hands, with threats and entreaties. One woman, frenzied, tried to thro| herself down the pit, and was dragged back by main force. 'Ah' ' shrieked a woman's voice above all the rest, 'I knew there'd be .this to-day; for didn't my poor :master's dog come home to me at ,seven this morning, him as has always been for years down the pit with him.' Murdock was again asked when some one would be sent down the pit pit to the rescue. He replied calmly that he himself would go is soon as he could, but at present it would be sheer madness to attempt it. Hour after hour the crowd watched, refusing to stir. -immon and Hack bit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from the mouth of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. iVlurdoucl with his companions continued in con sultation. SIt was Hackbit who addressed him this time 'Do you think 'n effort can be made now?' he asked in a voice quite sober. 'I shall go down with the first cage.' S A cry of ' brave man' was heard in a woman's voice, olear and silvery. It sounded like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hackbit's eyes wandered round the torchlit crbwd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then, that 'the Sauguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was looking for the owner'of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. 'H*ackbit's quick S eye had followed.her, however, and he dashed after her at once. 'Oh, cousin,' he exclaimed, in a re proachful tone, 'v hy have you made us all so mi.erable ?' The girl hung her head.. ' I only went to hide my own misery,' she said gently. 'I didn't think anybody cared.' 'I care very much,' responded :'' Hackblt. ' Bolieve me, cousin, I feel more for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything to bring back happiness to yon;' and the hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetic since he last beheld them, and looked larger and darker for the dark circles that now surrounded them. How pinched her little face had grown! Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. 'Whoso baby have you got??' he asked. ' If belongs to that poor woman down there,' replied Kizzy, indicating with, her finger. ' She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and no body offered to piok it up. It would have been trampled to death.' les there nobody the child can be given up to ?' asked Hackbit. ' I don't know.' 'Perhaps the mother will come to,' suggested Haokbit. Mr. Rimmon was seeking his nephew in the crowd, and at last per ceived him, and with a mortified shook, for mortified it was, he recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then; and what a scandal it all was, her disappearance, and her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living girl ! Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, ' Kizzy, my child !' 'And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that had come over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. ' Come home with thy father, child,' said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his daughter. * Let us look for the child's mother,' said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely set round one object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl who could searcely hbe twenty from her looks. One of the numerous doctors upon the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon remarked that her trouble was over, at any rate ; she was dead. 'Has this poor girl no relatives, no one who would take charge of the baby ?' asked Mr. Rimmon of the by c,,nTrilArs. 'She has neither kith nor kin, neither has her poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine.' ' Come home with me, Kizzy,' said 11r. Rimmon again. ' I will try and be kind to you;' and he made no ob jection to her carrying the baby with her. As they passtd through Jnumley town, the numerous low public houses blazed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to dis tracted women who had come to drown their grief; vile traps, catching the miserable, and heaping anguish upon them under'the guise of comfort. The lurid glow of thofurnaceslittheir path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed afterwards, doubly dark. Hackbit, .at all times disliking this place, disliked it exces sively to-night, and thought grimly of the uncovere-i pits. This did not prevent his offering to qorry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it up. It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tpne, 'Above all, cross her in nothing.' Unnecessary advice, however, for Mr. Rimmon was not disposed to crors I her. At the end of the Old raarlr, .uac3it left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his steps. He was soon again in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. He had got about half-way across, when a rumbling sound, followed by a crash, startled him. It was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through the town, he was much tempted to enter one of the public-houses, but he resisted the tsmptation. ' Hang it all,'he thought, 'let me go into the jaws of death sober.' When he reached the pit's mouth; a cage was waiting to be lowered. ' Wait for me,' he cried. Murdoek was in the cage. 'Don't you go, for God's sake,' HackbiD said. ' You are needed to right the wrongs.' There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on the part of Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emer gencies. There is never a cry for volunteers. There was a lull in the crowd as the cage was lowered and those few brave men descended to roscue some few, if possible, of the hundreds shut up in that fiery prison. A white-cholicred young gentleman of some three-and.twenty years, with a very wide.brimmed olerical hat, ventured to make a remark to some women in his neighbourhood, about submitting themselves to the will of Providence. ' Shut thy - mouth; oried one of the women, 'or we'll chuck thee down th' pit.' They looked so much like carrying out the threat that the ourateo moved away as fast as he could with any dig nity. Some jeers were thrown after him, and one of the women said, ' It's always' the same gate. .We mun be patient, when wages is so low as we havener enow to eat. If our children die of th' fever, or our lads i' th'. explosion, it's the visitation of Goa. Oh, it's the plague o' paraorsis the worst plague the Lord ever, sent us curse them.' These words fell on the ear .o an elderly clergyman, whb was slanding by, hoping to be of use to somebody; and he said to the woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness 'We clergy are great blunderers, I fear; but, believe me, .we would do better if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to.night.' ' Ah ! if all th' parsons was like you, we wouldnor curse them,' replied the woman. There seemed to be something happening at the pit's mouth now. The crowd moved as near as it dared to tle circle of the doctors. The sign'al had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion, and the rope flew over the pulley. 'Stand back,' cried the police. The mouth of the pit was filled by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches revealed Hackbit and another, each with a black burden in his arms. The charred masses they carried were human beings. Blankets were held by the four corners, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them and norinrl to the wageons. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order, if possible, to recognise them; but they were unrecognizable. c The fire's still burning in the north cutting,' caid Hackbit. 'We daren't go near there.' The signal was given to lower, and down went those brave men again. After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that new volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, some thirty bodies, six of which were just 4live, were brought up. The rest were nothing bat cinders. OHAPTER XIII. AT IIOME AGAIN. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the little orphan baby had reached the dismal house. The door was opened by Mrs. Rim mon'herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. She woke the baby, and it began to wail piteously. Mrs. Rimmon was not at all sur prisedto see the baby. She was ao customed to her daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and strays, It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. When Kizzy had been placed in her father's chair, she smiled faintly, and asked that the baby might be fed. Mrs. Rimmon busied herself in taking off her daughter's shoes and stockings; they were soaking wet. She then pro ceeded to put the little white feet into a hot bath, and Sarab, having fed the baby and placed it in an improvised bassinette, brought some tea for her young mistress in an incredibly short time. KLizy tried to raise her neada rom the chair, but she could not: so Sarah raised her and gave her the tea. A kind of fog gathered on the girl's mind, and she seemed to be in a dif ferent place, with differenb people ; yet she frequently recurred to the baby, and asked piteously that it might be looked after. 'It's fast asleep like a little angel,' said Sarah, 'in a clothes basket by the kitchen fire.' Kizzy closed her eyes on hearing this, and remained white and motion. less. * Don't you think we had better send for the doctor ?' suggested Mrs. Rim .mon in a frightened whisper. t We could get no doctor if we sent,' replied her husband. ' You know they are all busy at the pit. Hadn't I bet ter carry her up to bed ?' While they were aebating tmis ques tion there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door. Sarah hurried ,o it, in no good humour ; she was afraid the baby might wake. Stand g before her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. Saltring, with a red muffler at his neck, rimalling his red whiskers, and behind him crept Jnubal. ' Good heart alive, girl,' said Mr. Saltring to Barah, who stood still, not offering to ask himr in, ' you are Sarah aren't you? You addressed your let Ler all wrong, and it has only come to us to night.' '* Oh, come in, sir,' said Sarah, who had now recovered herself; 'she's come back to.night, sir, and she looks awful.' Mr. Saltring presented himself with our ceremony before Mr. Rimmon, whose breath was nearly taken away by the sudden appearance. These gentlemen had never met before, though they knew each other by repu tation. 'We've posted all the way,' said Mr. Saltring; ' we only heard to-night of your misfortune.' ' It was very good of you,' responded Mr. Rimmon, coldly. ' You see,' said Mr. Saltring, a little quenched by this frigidity, ' the poor boy couldn't rest, so I brought him.' Jubal had kept carefully in the shadow of Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these words he ventured to make himself visible. He instantly caught sight of the deathly face of his sister, and cried,'' Oh, Mr. Baltring, do look at Kizzy.' Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. ' Good heart alive, mau,' he exclaimed, addressing Mr. Rimmon. 'Lord have mercy on us all for a pack of fools !' While Mr. liimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Mr. Baltring had unbuttoned his ponderous overcoat and taken out a flask of brandy, and was applying it to Keziah's lips. ' On my soul, I never saw such a lovnl nrcreature in my life,' he ex claimaed. 'My daughter's a teetotaller,' gasned Mr. Rimmon. 'JRubbish!' said Mr. Saltring, oon tinning to give the brandy. 'The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Saltring said, in a coaxing tone, 'There, there; that's better, .pretty duer.' Her velvet eyes fastened on him for a moment, and a faint smile f'ckereod on her face and went out. Mr. Ealtring was thinking, 'How is it possib!e such a girl can ever have been born in Jumleyi?' Jubal. was~ standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Saltring was in the house. f.To be Cotanknued.) 