LITERATURE, A Poet's Centenary. Because Percy Bysshe Shelley was born just 100 years ago, this Aveek, English- speaking people in various parts of tbe world have concurred in holding a formal celebration of the poet's excel lencies. There is a little uncertainty, it is true, as to whether the proceedings were intended to celebrate the poet or the man : that is to say, whether the admirers of melodious verse and graceful rhyme were anxious to testify their admiration of these tilings to their fellows, or whether that section of the community which hails Shelley as one of the ' saints ' of the Positivist calendar was desirous of making public profession of its faith. Certainly each section has an equal right to amuse itself in either way if its inclination points iu either of these directions, and of course it is not only in their former aspect ? that the proceedings can be said to invite strictly l:± ? ? ? ? oi ? 11 ? ? ? _r l ? AUteie&b.; IB U JlicLU U1 M3LM510 because he had something to say, as well as because he said it well. This by no means excludes the possibility that his manner was better than his matter, now that we have both before us; but that is a question of which the decision largely rests on the sympathies of his readers, and fortu nately the time has gone by when it was possible to give a pernicious error — where it existed — an enormous access of moral influence by tabooing it. We smile in these times at the grandmotherly spirit of the days that denied Shelley to what was quaintly described as ' the general reader.' Instead, of forbidding him to read the poet from cover to cover, we content ourselves with defying him to do so. '? Queen Mab ' was not published with its author's consent, and he tried to with draw it from circulation ; and the ' Revolt of Islam ' was a modification of another effort first published as ' Laon and Cythna.' He was 20 when the former was published, though he began to write it some time before, and the second was written before he was 26. If anything could be more ridiculous than the fear that the immature thought and wild theorising of a youth like this could wreak fell havoc among the orderly and decorous traditions of the race, it would be the j attempt of some of the poet's less intelligent 1 admirers to trace the ^evolution of modern public opinion to these two poems. The fact is that they i simply expressed an instinct, with art as to ex pression and with 'crude jejuneness as to the in stinct itself, which is as natural to man as the breath he draws, and which only waited for a free press to enable it to circulate freely. But if Shelley's views were not new his manner was, and though he found a free press ready to his hand he has the distinction of having left it in command of a new method. TTis place in literature may be said in a sense to mark the close of the didactic classic era, and the open ing of that of which Keats and Tennyson may be said to stand at the extremes in point of time. The race could afford to willingly exchange a bushel of Shelley's metaphysics for an ounce of his literary grace, and all the flaunting robes of his philosophy for one shining thread of his poetic genius. Take these out of the assets of his reputation, and the rest is a mere jumble of disjointed jargon. The critic who would seriously claim for the poet any original credit for anything beyond his purely literary gifts would have first to admit his own ignorance of all .that had been said and written before Shelley's time on the abstract subjects of which his poems treat. That this is by no means an impossible condition, how ever, is clear to whoever has patience to read the speeches or writings of only too many enthusiasts of the type of the average Shelley celebraiionist. What certainly may be freely admitted in their favour is the noble claim that . where Shelley wis at his best as to expression and his simplest as an echo of the natural instinct of justice which in him was so strong, he has left the most splendid vindi cations of human right, the most tender harmonies of human sympathy, and the rarest appreciations of aesthetic beauty that the language could boast of up to his time. As a word-artist Shelley has been rivalled. The most censorious of hiw critics would have trouble to show that he has ever been excelled. 'Pro- metheus Unbound' is full of haunting melody; the 'Adonais' is a dirge, har monious as a symphony of chorded reeds and strings; the 41 Lines Written- Among the Euganean Hills ' area pastoral of a forgotten Naiad, piping, like Spenser's shepherd, as she never would grow old ; the ' Ode to the West Wind' is musical with its own 'deep autumnal tone: the 'Hymn to Intellectual Beauty' has an Ariel-like delicacy suggestive of all spiritual grace ; and it would be idle to try to conut all the lines in the fragments and shorter poems wherein the melodies that were for ever singing in the - poets brain 'loosen thfir notes in a silver' shower.' No one who has ever read Shelley in youth with appreciation can forget the effect of all this on the mind as it then strikes it, or the magic of its first charm. This is part of the fascination of the poet. Another is suggested by the familiar portrait, which never appearsat its best except in the older steel-engraving editions. Here we get an im pression of tlie personality of the singer who died before his youth had fairly passed, which at least does no violence to the ideal. And, as a finishing touch, comes that memorable scene by the Tuscan seaside, when Trelawney and his friends kindled the pyre above which 'a curlew rose screaming, and would not. be driven away,' — after the body of Shelley had been washed ashore with an open volume of his friend Keats's ' Hyperion' in his breast-pocket. The poet's lovers rccall all this as one of the affecting episodes in literature and its history — with the story joi the heart that was not consumed, but which was buried with his ashes, leaving ) Nothing of him that doth fade, But doth suffer a sea-change / Into something new and strange— as Treiawney's inscription on his dead friend's tomb lias expressed it. His personal career has an absorbing interest for many, and doubt less it was episodical and individual enough ; but inasmuch as the growing craze for biographical detail has degenerated into a mere vulgar appetite for personal gossip, the admirer of the' poet for his poetry's sake can afford to dis pense with much of that. From the' dreary wil derness of discussion as to Shelley'.8 .affairs and his. opinions as to constituted authority and the tyranny of moral law, the right of private judg ment in politics as in religion, and the title of the individual to do that which seems to him best, this class of reader will be glad to turn to tbe pure melodies and the artistic beauty of the poet's verse. In such pieces as that ' To a Skylark' — tlio blithe spirit that —from heaven, or near it, « Poorest thy full heart In profuse strains of unpremeditated art there are touches of the most delicate fancy and the airiest grace, with hints of serious thought that lies beyond both, as in the lines — We look before and after, And pine for what is not ; Our sincerest laughter 'With some pain is fraught; Our sweetest songs are those which tell of saddest thought. 'The Cloud,' too, has music and imagination, aud there is a touch that reminds us of a later aud less famous, but equally unfortunate, man of genius in the fine passage that tells how That orb&l; maiden with -white fire laden. Whom mortals call the Moon Glides glimmering o'er my fleece-like floor By the midnight breezes strewn ; And -wherever the beat of her unseen feet, Which only the angels hear, Hay bavefcroken the woof of my tent's thin roof, The stars peep behind her and peer. And I laugh to see them whirl and flee, Like a swum of golden bees, 'When I widen tlie rent in my Wind-built tent ? and so on. Shelley was the poet of nocturnes. Here is a touch that is not often quoted from one of his shorter poems of 1820, where, in a parenthesis, he says that Unpavilioned Heaven is fair ; Whether the Moon, into her chamber gone, Leaves midnight to. the golden stars, or wau Climbs with diminished beams the azure steep; Or whether clouds sail o'er tlie inverse deep. Piloted by tlie.many-wandering blast And the rare stars rush through them, dim and fast. For 'linked sweetness,' again, how many short pieces in the language can compare with the ' Indian Serenade ' — Tlie wandering airs they faint On the dark, tbe silent stream — The champak oilour.-s fall Like sweet thoughts in a dream; Tlie nightingale's complaint It dies upon her heart, As I must die on thine, Beloved as thou art ! 'Prometheus Unbound' is full of music and unstudied melody. Take the song of the unseen spirits in the fourth act, where Panthea and lone are sleeping near the eave of Prometheus — The pine boughs are singing Old sougs with new gladness, The billows and fountain* Fresh inusic are flinging Like the notes of a spirit, from land and from sea; The storms mock the mountains With the thunder of gladness— and so on through chorus and semi-chorus. Or the song of Asia in the second act — My soul is an enehanted boat 'Which like a sleeping swan doth float Upon the silver waves of thy sweet singing. And the story of the same speaker in an earlier scene, and her dream of how Methought among the lawns together 'We wandered, underneath the young grey dawn, And multitudes of dense white fleecy clouds Were wandering in thick flocks along the mountains, , Shepherded by the slow unwilling winds. But on the shadows of the moming clouds, Athwart the purple mountain slope, was written ? ' Follow, oh follow !' as they vanished by. A wind arose among the pines ; it shook The clineins- musin frar.i thpiv hn»-rh« nnrl fl,on Low, sweet, faint sounds, like the farewell of ghosts, Were heard : ' Oh follow, follow, follow me !' The whole of this magnificent dramatic poem is in Shelley's best style, both of imagination and expression, though space forbids more than to call attention to its beauties here. Indeed, no more has been done in this paper than to remind ? the reader of what the poet's claim to the im mortality he has won really consists in. The ' Cenci ' has never been played in public, unless very lately, the subject hardly admitting of such an experiment ; but how many dramas in the language are more powerful, and how many even approach it in intensity? It is when one thinks of these things that one is inclined to regret that the Shelley centenary is not celebrated rather' by a critical discourse on his poems by some com petent person, than by the attempts which have been made elsewhere to make of his poetic fame and the fascinating personality of . the poet an advertisement for coteries of faddists'. ' Heartless things are said and done in the world,' wrote Shelley once, ' and worms, and beasts, and men live on,' but the necessity therefor be comes even less apparent than usual when these species exist by ill-using a subject like this. Like his own Alastor, Percy Bysshe Shelley was a pilgrim of Beauty, and not a social reformer on the stump ; and it is more than doubtful if we would have done well to imitate in Sydney the manner of keeping this centenary which has obtained in other parts of the world. ; ? ? F. J. D. 