I YADA THE LILY. I By H. RIDER HAGGARD. I coprawht, 1891. By H. Rider I Haggard. I (ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.) I CHAPTER XXXII.— (COSTIIIUKD.) I Galazi sat on the lap of the stone I jtcb, gazing towards the wide plains I below.' that were yet white with the I moon, though the night grew towards the I morning. Greysnont whined at hie side, juj Deathgnp thrust ois muzzie iiilo nis I hand ; but Gslazi took no heed, for he I „as brooding on the fall of Umalopogaaa I from the man that he had been to the I level of a woman's slave, and on the I breaking up of the People of the Axe, I bacsose of the coming of Nada. For all I the women, and children were gone to I rtis Feast of Women, and woald not I return for long, and it seemed to Galari I that many of the men had slipped away I also, as though they had smelt some I danger from afar. | Ah, Deathgrip,' said Galari aloud to the wild brute et his side, ' changed is I the Wolf King my brother, all - changed - I because of a woman's kiss. Now be hunts I no more, no more shall Groan-Maker be aloft : it is a womao's kiss he craves, not the touch of your rongh tongue; it is a woman's hand be holds, not- the -smooth haft of horn, he, who of all men, was the I fiercest and the first; for this last shame has overtaken him. Snrely Chaka was a great king tbongh an evil, and he showed his greatness when he forbade marriage to the warriors, marriage that . . i . r. j . LI i mates tno neart soil huu surus uiuuu ui water.' Now Galazi ceased, and gazed idly towards the kraal of the People of the An sod as he looked his eyes caught a gleam of light that seemed to travel in and out of the edge of the shaidow if Ghost Mountain as a woman's needle travels through a skin, now Been and now lost in the skin. He started and watched. Ah ! . there the light came ont from the ehadow. Now, by Cfaaka's head, it waa the light of spears ! One moment more Galazi watched. It was a little impi, perhaps they numbered two hundred men, ronning silently, but not to battle, for they wore no plumes. Yet they went out to. .Kill,, for they ran in companies, and each man carried assegais and a shield. Now, Galazi had heard tell of such impis that hunt by night, and he knew well that these were the king's doge, and their game was men, a big kraal of sleeping men, otherwise there had been fewer dogs. Is a whole pack sent ont to catch on antelope on itsform 1 Galazi wondered whom they sought. Ah ! oow they turned to the ford, and he knew. It was his brother Umslopogaas aod Nada the Lily aod the People of the Axe. These were the king's dogs, and Zinita bad let them slip. For this reason she had called a feast of women, and taken the children with ber ; for this reason so many had been summoned from the kraal by one means and the other : it was that they right escape the slaughter. Gslazi bounded to bis feet. For one moment be thought. Might not these hootersbe hnnted ? Could he not destroy them by the jaws of the wolves as once before they bad destroyed a certain impi of the king's. Ay, if he had seen them but one hour before, then scarcely a man of them should have lived to reach the stream, for he would have waylaid them with bis wolvei Rut now it might not be ; the soldiers neared the ford, and Galazi knew well that his grey people would not hunt on the farther plain, though for this he bad heard one reason only, that which was given him by the IlpB of the dead in a dream. What, then, might be done! One thing alone : warn Umslopogaas. Yet how f For him who conld swim a rushing river, there was, indeed, a swifter way to the place of the People of the Ave — a way that was to the path of the impi as is the bow-striog to the strung bow. And yet they had travelled wellnigh half the length of the bow. Still, he might do it, he whose feet were the swiftest in the land, except these of Umslopogaas. At the least, he would try. Maybap, the impi would tarry to drink at the ford. So Galazi thooght in his heart, and Ms thought was swift as the light. Then with a bound he was away down the mountain ride. From boulder to boulder he leapt like a back, he crashed through the brake like a boll, he skimmed the level like a swallow. The mountain was done with now ; there in the front lay the yellow river foaming in its flood, so he had swam it before. Ah ; a good leap far ont into the torrent ; it was Strong, but he breasted it. ,He was through, he stood npon the bank shaking the water from bim. like a dog, And now, he waa away np the narrow gorge of (tone to the long slope, running low as his wolves ran. Before him was the town— one ride shone silver with the sinking moon, one was grey with the breaking dawn. Ah ! they were there, he saw them moving through the grass by the eastern gate ; he ssw the long lines'of slayers creep to the left and the right. _ How could he pass them before, the circle of death was drawn ? Sir spear- throws to run, and they bad bat snch a little way ! The mealie-plants were tall, and at a spot they almost touched the fence. Upthe pathl Conld Umslopogaas, hie brother, move more fast, he wondered, than the Wolf who sped tosave him J He was there, hidden by the tnealie stalks, snd there along the fence to the right and to the left, the slayers crept J ; ' Went 1 What was that 1 said one soldier of the king to another man as' they joined their guard completing foe death circle. ' Wow ! something great and black crashed throngh the fence before me.' I heard it, brother/ answered the other man. ' I heard it, bat I- saw nothing. It most have been a dog : no man could leap so high.' - " ' More like a wolf/said the.first ; '.at, the least, let as pray .that it was pot an Esedowan who .iwill pat ,as into the hole. tts back. Is yohir -fire ready, brpther 1 wow i these wizards shall-wake warm; the signal should be soon.' ' Then arose the sound of agreat voice "laying, J Awake, -ye -deepere,-foe-!foe- is »t yonr gates !' . . v i ' -TA fohiifons'iuuinaL-veboitea.lri&e; Zulus :<»rryoff human' beings in'jajtole in its CHAPTER XYYTlj THE END OP EES "PEOPLEj-EEACK AND GEEY. Galazi rushed throngh the town- Ply ing aloud, and behind him rose the stir Of men. All slept and' no sentinels were set, for Umslopogaas was so lost in his love for the Lily that : he forgot his wisdom, and thought no more of war or death or of the hate of Diogaan. Presently the Wolf came to the large new hat which Umriopogsss had caused to be built for Nada the Lily, and entered it, for there he knew that he should find his brother Bulalio. On the far side of the hnt the two ley sleeping, and the head of Umaloyogaas rested on the Lily's breast, and by his side gleamed the great axe Groan-Maker. ' Awake !' cried the Wolf. Now Umslopogaas sprang to his feet grasping at his axe, bnt Nadaforew.her armB wide, tnormuring : 'Let me sleep on, sweet isjsleep.' 'Sound shall ye sleep anonl'-gasped Galazi 'Swift, brother/hind on the wolfs hide, take shield! Swift, I say— the Slayers of the king are at your Now Nada sprang np also, and they did hisAjiddft like pedple in a dream ; and, -while -they fonnd their garments and a shield, Galazi took.beer.and drank it, and his breath came .. back - to., him. .They stood without the but. , Now -the sky was grey, and east and west and north and-eonth tongues of -.flame -toot np against -the eky, for -the -town -was fired by the Slayers. Umslopogaas looked and hfa sense came back to him : he understood. ' Which way, brother f' he. said. ' Through them to our Grey People vu i>u« uuuuittiu, euiu umiazi laere, u we can win it, we shall find snccour.' What of my people in the kiaal F asked Umslopogaas. 'They, .are not many, brother ; (the women and the children are gone. I have wakened «the men — most .'Will escape. Hence, ere we bnra 1' Now they ran towards the fence, and as they went men joined them to 'the number of ten, half awakened;', fear- stricken, armed — some with spears, some with clubs — and for the most put naked. They ran together towards the fence of the town that was now. buta ring of fire, Umslopogaas and Galazi injfeont, each holding the Lily by a hand.' Thev beared the fence— from without came the shouts oijnejjiayers — to ! it was anre. Jada shrank back in fear, but Umslopogaas and Galazi dragged her on. They rushed at the blazing fence, smiting 'With axe and club. It broke before them, they were-tbrongh -bat-little -harmed. -With out were a knot of the Slayers, standing back a small space because of the heat of the fire. The slayers saw them, and crying, ' This is Bnlalio, kill the wizard!' sprang towards them with uplifted spears. Now the People of the A-ra made a ring round Nada, and in the front of it were Umslopogaas and Galazi. Then they rushed on and met those of the Slayers who stood before them, and the Slayers were swept away and scat tered by Groan- Maker and the Watcher, as dust is swept of a wind, as grass is swept by a sickle. ! They were through with only one main slain, bot the cry went up that the chief of the wizards and the . lily, bis wife, bad fled. Then, as it was these whom he was chiefly charged to kill, the captahi called off the Slayers from watching for the dwellers in the town, and started In pursuit of Umslopogaas. Now, at this time nearly a hundred men ofithe. Peopje of the Axe bad been killed and of the Slayers some fifty men, for, having bean awakened by the crying of Galazi, the' soldiers of the axe fought bravely, though none saw where bis brother stood, and none knew whither their chief had fled except those ten who went' with the brethreD. ! Meanwhile the Wolf-Brethren and those with them were well'- away, and it had been easy for them to escape, who were the swiftest-footed of any in tie Jah<L: Siit the pace of an.' impi : is'Jfoe pace of ite" slowest-footed, (soldier, and Nada conld not ran with the Wolf- Brethren. Yet they made good, speep, and were halfway .down .the .gorge jhbt, led to the river before the companies pf. the Slayers ponred into it. Now thfey came to the .end of it, and the foe wju near — this end of the gorge is narrow, my father, like the neck of a gourd- — . then Galazi stopped and .spoke — ' Halt ! ye People of the Axe,' he said, and let ns talk a while with these who follow till we find our breath agaam But. -yon,. my brother, pass the river with.foe Lily in yonr hand. Wo will joinyoniin the forest ; but if perchance we cam ot. find yon, yon know what must be dot e; set the Lily in the cave, then return a id' call up the grey jmpi. ?Fb» Imy broth ;r„ I must find you if I -may, for if these mfeu: of Dingaan have a mind for sport there shall be such a hunting on Hie., Ghost ' Mountain -as the old Witch -has oot seen. Go now, my. .brother !' ' It is not .my way to : torn' and; run while .others- stand and fight,' -growled Pmslopogaaa; ' yet/-fosc«ise ofNada, it seems that I most.' 'Oh! heed me not, tnv -love,' .said Nada, fj.have ".brought .the : sorrow -j-1! am weary,- let me die ; slaymeandAavfi yourselves !' For . answer, Umslopogaas took her, 'by the hand and fled towards- the - river'; bnt before he reaehedit heard'thegopods bf -the fray, the war cryjoftbeiSUyers as. they poured upon the People Of tbe Axe, the howltofhis brofoprj the/Wolf, when the battle joined— ay, and - the crash of; the Watcher as foe. blow went home. /... 'Well bitten, WoU l' he toid, stopping; ' that one shall need no more ! that T night — Rptagain hejooked at Nadd/ and sued oo. tc- Now: they had leaped into the foaming river, 'sad here It wob well that theXily could swim. else both had beenloBt ' Rut fogy won throngh and passed for ward to the mountain flank. Here they walked' op amwig.foe trees MIL the forest! waimoht passed; anflatlgdffo Umslo-- pogaas heard the bowling. of. -a wolf. 1 -bephemdt se t Nada on hra shoulders andicany her as pnceGta$haa;rrHed another, for it Was death-for -any-except the Wpff-JIrren' tojwSBr bnjfcbe jhSst' Moonfain when the wol ves Were arake Presently -the "wolves -flocked around hunjdieapedupon'Mminjpy, glaring wilh'fieKey'es'aVhM rrimsit ppon hie shoulders. ! Jffeda eawiiem, jwiF almost £-fromJ#fl«inSari«i fear, fcr thiy were many' and dreadful, and whim' thsyhbvriedher Uood tarried tfe But jpimslopQg&as; cheered her, telling her that these were.his dogs with whom -he- went out hunting, and with whom'-he shppld hunt presently. At length they came to the knees of ; the Old Witch and, the entrance to the cave. It - was empty except for a wolf or two, for Galazi abode here seldom now ; bnt wheo he was on the mountain wonld sleep inGie.forest, which was nearer the kraaTpthjisjfirother the Slaughterer. ' Here/yoa jnuBt bide, sweet,' said Umslopogaas yrhen he had driven out . the waives. - Herayou must rest till this littfomter of the .Mayers is finished. Wopldihat bnt we .hMt little -irue .to eek it 1 See, now J wiU sh<?w jouLth|p .joxet of the stone /thus-far I-wiUphehlt,oo farther. Now adhuch -only. js needed to send it wetAeAuadiie gndghci ;.4>ni Mien tberasnost: be Itwo-Btrong ..men who can pull it back agaih. "- Therefore push it no fajhet. except in the utmost heed, affiwsNeeiaife'? Will lb Ut IlOU' J3.ttVe<UUlCBly- jlUU QIC safeb ore; none kmowof thlsplatopxcept r - ?one shallflnd to GjilaziUf-hebUlllives ; :if hot,to"make ungat; tho .layers, alone with the wolves.' "K? w « ad%i»ppt, eaylng -Miat she feared tohe left, and- ' that she - ehoold his heart .he kissed her and weptjrioridg-tliestone. after him in that faoh'tjf,ssr|gch .he bad epoKen. When the stone was' Seised the cave was almost dark, except for a ,ray of ntbatenteld "by a Jtolis little larger than'a tnatfa hand, that, looked at from within, waa at the right of the stone. Nada eat herself so that this ray of light strnck full on her, for ehe loved light, ahd without it wonld pine- as flowers do. There she sal and thought in the darksome cave, and was fifled with fear and sorrow. Aod while. .jsho brooded thus, suddenly the ray went out, and ehe heard a noise as of some beast that smells at prey. She looked, and in that gloom she saw the sharp nose and grinning fangs of a wolf that were thrust towards her through the little hole. Nada cried aloud in fear, and Jthe fangs were snatched back, but presently she heard a scratching without the cave, and saw the stone shake. Theu .she thought in her foolishness that the wolf knew bow to ODen the stone, and that he would do this, and devonr her/ for she had heard the tale that all these wolves were the ghosts of evil men, having the. understanding of men. So, ia .berfear.aod folly, she seized the rock and dragged on it as Umslopogaas had shown her how to do. It shook, it slipped -over . the socket ledge, .aod rolled homelike a pebble down the mouth of a gourd. ' Now I am safe from the wolves,' said Nada. ' See, I cannot so . much as stir the stone from within, and still less can they do so from without.' And ehe laughed a little, then ceased from laugh ing and spoke again. ' Yet it wonld be ill if Umslopogaas came back no mora to roll away the rock, for then I should be like one in a grave — as one who is placed in a grave beiog yet strong and quick.' She shuddered as she thought -of it, -but presently otarted -up and set her ear to the hole to -listen, for from far flown the mountain there rose a mighty howliog and a din of men. When Umslopogaas had left the cave, he moved swiftly down the moantaio, aod .with . him went certain of the wolves ; Dot all, for he had not summoned them. .His heart was heavy, for he feared that Galazi was no more. Also he was mad with rage, and plotted in -himself to destroy the Slayers bf the .king, every map .of. them bnt, -first he must learh what they would do. . /Pre sently, as he' wended, he heard a long, low hovrt far away in the 'forest ; then he rejweed, forhe Ifoew ifre call — it was the call of Galazi, who had escaped the speaestof- the Slayers. Swift he ran, calling in answer.- He won the place. < .Theny seated on a stone resting himsel f , was Galazi, and round .him snrged-. the nnjabprs of : tbe"Grey -People.- -Umslopogaas dftin'' to him and looked et .him, for he seemed somewhat weary! / There, were flesh wounds on lieasfjand /arms, .jEbe" :,Uttle !shieid jwas wifeigkbewi tpj' sferSps, .aod .-the" WatcheLshowedjagns of war. ' How went it, /brother"? aflced Um- jslqpcwiiM. ' None fio. ill, .bjitjaJl thogejffhooetood with- me tojthe wayjro/dead, and with them a few of the foe. I alone am fled Ijke a. coward,, Theyoame.on us. thrice, -bqt we .beid.thembWk rtll the Lily was safe ; then, all our -men being down, I ran, U oislopogaae, and ewanithe toirent, for jrtff.fofoded to . die here in my own lace.' \-- Now, thongh he smd little of it, I mhst tell yon, my father, that Galari had made a great slanghter tbere'in the ' neck' of the donga After wards 1 counted., the slain/ mid they WHtfoftePY.? the ning, meo .ot the Pieople of Uld Axq were hid- flenih tiiom. < : Pa-fiapsj it shall he the Slayers who' die,' brother/ ' ; -- .1' , . ' PeAaps, at least, -. Ibere shall be death for some. "fJdlJ'it'fo in/jny mind, Slaughterer, that our ifoptherihobd comes to an --end, for. the fate of him -who bears the Watcher, and which toy father fore-: fold, isiipnn nie/'H epyforgwQkthile it lasted our jf riidship, . has Been igoocf, and its chdiogshall he good.7 Moreover,, it would ,haye ldrnjed fop many a , year -toj make gdod/bgtteapd to-cpmplete . our joy of fellowship ahd war with the : Jove bf women./ FronPth'at source come but SO ft was friKjJjfXz auinibja frav may yoUiyetlive on ctohkib fliany another, , atGie 4eaet to'flit gloriously with axelbft'jAhfl-biay you find a brisker um,)£>Bbomlsedlus :id(wilUa«enge.you to LKilaotwnd! gard AsrJMydwKom yon, lob,: 'offortog no more. Now uie rae-jdflvs on, they have, fr&VBlledi; round, about hy-tho tford, for fheyflaredflflt face thfetbrrent and they' ed to'toe: tnat%!y;aie/Ywi)|ji to slky! or be slain, aagDtegian, 'tbeKiog, com manded. vffiiaSmlrttiiig will be of the Kns Ir lnHbMMBnffn tinf ran kofnra TOManlWmBy People. Now; Chief, snelilefamBnrd th<t I may obeyl it.' V.te Thns Galari apbke in the circle 'of npon his Axe Groan-Maker, "and listened to hlm, ay, and wept &b; he listened, , fo after the Lily and me, Mopo, he loved Galazi most of all, wholrved. ' Then" be answered — 'Were it not for one in the cave above, who - is belplesa and tender, I wonld swear to yon,- Wolf, that if yon fall; on your carcase I will file ; and I <foflTOM.UmLJBfeBldjronJall,jile I live Groaajfaker shall be busy foom to year tui eTery .man ot yooaer impi is as you are. Pejriignea Lid ill, Galari, when first IJhearkened ."to ! the wdrafo of Zinita andjsnfiered women to come between ns. May we one flay Bnd a land where there, are no women, and war only, for In that land, waahall grow great. Bnt now, at the least/ we will make a good end to this fellowship, and the Grey People shall fight their fill, and the bid Witch who rite aloft waiting for .the world, to die shall smile to sea that fight, if she never smiled before. Huals" my word i Giat we foil Upon the men of Dingaan twice, once inthe glade nf fha -Xaama AI>ah aJSH WA AUIWU wuivuqi HUD/ wiu uuuia presently, !gnd, if we ,are beaten back, then we will stand for the last time on the knees bf the Witch in front of ths cave where Nada. is. Say, Wolf, will the Grey Fplk "fight P 'To foe ast, hrofo-, so long as.one is left to lead them, after "that I do not know ! .Still they lave only frogs to set against spears. Slaughterer,' 'jronr plan is good. Come, I anrmtod-' , So theyfose and nnmberod their flock, and all. yero foer fo/>ogh it was/ijot as It had been yiears ago . when first the WoU-. Brethren - huntedjm Ghost Moantaio for many of the wolves lutd died by men's spears when they harried the kraals of men, and no young were 'born to them., Then, -aSbnto before, the pack was halved,; and half, the she-wblves, went .Vrjth Um- dopogaas, and half, the dog-wolves, went with Galari. ': Nowfoey passed down the forest paths and hid in the tangle of the thickets at the head of the darksome gleo, one on each side of the glen. Here they waited till they beard the footfoll of the impi of the king's Slayers, as It came slowly along seeking them. , la froat of the impi, went two 8oldiers watching for an; ambush, aod these two men were the same who talked .together that d»woJ when Galazi sprangbetweeo them. Now also they talked as they peered this way and that ; then,- seeing nothing, stood awhile In the month of the. glen waiting the coming of their comnanv : and their talk came to the ' ears of Umslopogaas.; 'An awful place this, my brother,' said one. ' A place full of ghost and strange, sonnds, of , bands that seem to press us back, and whiningsas of invisible wolveB. It is named Ghost Mouotaio, and well named. Would that the king,had fonnd other bnsine8s for ns than the slaying of these sorcerers — for they are sorcerers indeed, and this is the. home of their sorceries. Tell me, brother, what was that which leaped between ua this morn ing in the dark ! I say it was a wizard; Wow 1 they are all wizards. Oonld any who was bnt a man ' have done the deeds whichhe who is named the Wolf wronght down by the river yonder, and foen have escaped I Hod the Axe bnt stayed with the Clab they would have eaten up. oar impi.' .' The Axe had a woman to watcb,' laughed the other, - Yes, it is true this is a place of .wizards and evO things. Methinks I see the red eyes of - the Esedowanaglariag at us through the Idark of the tree's and smell their smell." "Yet these wizards must be caught; for know this, my brother : if we return to Umgugundhlovu with , the king's com mend undone, then there are stakes hardening .in the. fire .of. which we ehall taste the point.-, If we are all killed in . the patching, and gome, 'it seems are missing already, yet they mnet be canghk Say, my bfother, shall we iira w on 1 'The impi is oigh. . Wonld that Fakn, oar captain yonder, might find two other to take oar pjace, tor in this .thicket I ha rather ran last as first. Well, here leads the spoor — a wondrous mass of wolf- spoor mixed with the fbotpriote of men ; perhaps they are sometimes the bne and sometimes the other — who knows, my, brother! It is a land of ghost and wizard Let us on ! Let as on 1' (To be contiruud.) 