THE LACHLAN. SATUBDAY,' December 3. (FBOH 008 OWN OOBBKSPONDENT.) In last week's issue of the Banner I noticed that a Victorian council bad paid 10s. per head for foxes' skins. I have information from the Bendigo district to the effect that the Huntly Shire Council paid last month for the skins of 63 of these sheep worriers and henroost robbers These were all caught within the shire during the month of October last One party secured 28 of them. It is said the pest are on the increase, tbe number paid for being in advance of those paid for during former months. Ac 10s. per head fox trapping must pay better than rabbiting does up this way, although a rabbiter on Benerembah, on the H»y railway, informed me that the last batch he with his two mates sent to Sydney just before the hot weather commenced realised £S0 net for three week's work. An exceptionally heavy harvest is likely to be gathered in the Bendigo district this year. A private letter says :—« Wheat looks well, oats look better, and we have a crop of rye 7ft high But we need it all to help cover our heavy losses, I lost 10 milkers, 20 per cent, lamba, and many of my sheep gave up the ghost. It was the worst winter I ever experienced here, sheep and cattle dying wholesale all around, Never sent one load of hay to Bendigo market this past year, took it all to feed tbe stock, and then they died. I had nearly gone out of cultivation and waa depending on the dairy, sheep, and caitle, which have proved a failure since last February. This month I started to send milk to the creamery, bnt six times lew quantity than formerly, whereas it should have been the reverse. 21,000 people attended the late agricultural show in Bendigo. Get that obnoxious duty knocked off the chaff and we will be able to send you some " Bat the writer doesn't know we don't need bis chaff this year. We can grow our own now on the Lachlau. As an instance, Mr. Bobsrtson, of Pine Hill—who by the way ia an old subscriber to the Banner—is a big selector onGnnbar. He never went in much for agriculture in the past. This year he has a field of 70 acres of wheaten hay that topi the highest win in the fence, and ires thick as it could grow which experts will go 3 tons to tbe acre. This heavy crop grew on virgin soil which lay a season m fallow. But if anything more than another shows how w«u adapted the soil in thispartofRiTennaisfo wheat-growiog it is this. The local flow mill at Hillston cannot grind anything like tbe quantity of wheat that is grown m the localig thu season, so a local farmer, Mr. Doyle, of Bundais negotiating for the purchase of tw-» teams o' bullocks wherewith to carry bis gram to Osrra_ thool station for transmission to Sydney, and mat will be the destination of a larger qnanttty ot wheat than ever was sentfrom these parts. Wheat can be taken from Carrathool to Sydney for 6fl. per baehel. That will leave a margin of 4s. per bushel (should last season's prices be main tainedV which is immensely better than grow, ing wool and mutton. I heard-no later than yesterday—of a person who sent some trucks of sheep to Homebuah, aod lo I he netted by the transaction just 3s per truck I Mr. Gormly, M.L.A., deserves the thanks of this community for his action in bringing prominently before the Minister of Lands the undoubted fact that the soil in this part of Riverina is admirably adapted for agriculture and the growth of cerealB. If proofs were wanted to confirm Mr. Gormly's assertions, these proofs could be abundantly furnished this very season, in the rich fields of grain, full-eared, plump and heavy, now being harvested in various parts of the diS' trict. Yesterday a gentleman told me that he saw a crop of nearly 200 acres on Old Gunbar that looked like 30 bushels to tbe acre. Of course there are exceptions, but these only prove the rule. There are in these districts, including M'Kialay, Hillston, Bunda, Cudgellico, and adjacent localities, thousands of acres of scrub lands, which are of little use in their present condition for grazing—the home of the rabbit, the bilby, and wild dog—bat which once made ready for the plough would yield plentiful harvests of golden grain, and there are hundreds of sturdy yeomanry—the backbone of the country—who are not afraid of work, that wonld gladly go upon these lands to-morrow. Talk of a panacea for the rabbit pest, tbe throwing open of these lands as homes for such men is the grand remedy for the extirpation of bunny, and never will the pest be got entirely rid of in any other way. Before advancing cultivation and a settled population tbe rabbit will soon disappear. 