A Woman of Forty. A Monograph. By Esme Stuabt, Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' A Fair DamzelL' arc, -fcc, &c.; CHAPTER in. It is all very well to talk of society, but society is very dull unless you belong to the charmed circle. Brice Leslie soon found that he knew no one, and that he seemed literally and figuratively a being from another world. Presently he found himself in Mr. Milton's studio, which was thrown open this evening, but which had been chiefly used as a place for sipping champagne cup and partaking of dainty refreshments. It was a studio with nooks and corners in it, and having sauntered to the farthest end, where a bank of flowers had been arranged against a screen, Mr. Leslie again found himself face to face with Miss Cuthbert, in earnest and lively conversation with a barrister. Brice at once recog nised the man of law by the smooth ehm, the keen eyes, the satirical smile, and tbe look of cool admira tion he was bestowing on his companion. Mies Cuthbert was brilliant, just then discussing a society novel written, by Grey Mas ton. 'Uncommonly good,' said the barrister, 'not a bad picture either of the times. I rather fancy Grey Maston took it from a much-talked-of case; you know the one I am referring to *r' ' Oh, yes ! Mrs. Twinbaven's elopement with Lord Fookes,' said Miss Cuthbert calmly. 'Do you remember the sensation it made, Mr. Leslie 'r' she added, turning towards Brice. To any one who knew him well — and no one here did — it would have been apparent that Mr. Leslie's countenance changed, and that tbe studied gravity of his answer was not put on for this occasion only. ' I have been in New Zealand for ten years, so if it is recent scandal I am not likely to know.' Miss Cuthbert laughed. Her laugh was peculiar to herself, a short dry laugh. To Brice it sounded intensely sad and shallow. ' I suppose you are a Pre-Zoiaman also ' 'Yes!' Eer words stung him, and so did the amused smi'e on the barrister's face. Magdalen looked up at him as she closed her fan with a quick movement of impatience. 'I see you really are a returned Primeval man. You will have much to learn if you take up your quarters in London.' ?' Miss Cuthbert knows us all by heart,' said the barrister. ♦* She puts her finger on all our failings, and has no mercy on man.' Then he politely gave up his seat to Brice Leslie and walked away, but Brice was angry, and he still remained standing, . only he could not help looking down upon that mass of beautiful wavy dark hair and on the arch of the white neck, and he could even see the exquisite smile not less beautiful because it was scornful. She spoke first. ' Won't you sit down ? Lady Mary can do nearly everything, but she cannot prevent her rooms becom ing hot. Here it is delicious. I have discovered this spot just when it is time to go home.' ' I heard some one talk of a ball ; you are not going to it ? ' said Leslie, not knowing what appro priate subject to talk about. *' I don't dance, but I often go and watch the follies of otbere. So you do not read uaughtv books P' *' I read very little of anything. I havehad a life of hard work, an out-of-door life. I was survevmg for a company for most of the time I was out there, and I have been far from books, except books in flesh and blood.' ' Were they exciting? ' ' One of these life stories was a sad one, and my. heart was in it, bo I cannot laugh about it as you can.' Brice wanted to punish Miss Cuthbert for some of her scornful remarks. ' Oh. you are going to be in earnest. Pray don't ; it is hardly worth while in London society.' ' So I see.' ' You are a very discerning man. You must learn that society says. ' Then love me all in all or not at all.' ' ' False, shallow-hearted woman.' thought Brice ; ' and yet at this mo-nent she would make an artist's fortune. Why on eartli should I think about her r r' He looked towards the opposite side of the studio. ' Shall I take you back to the drawing-room ?' lie asked. Magdalen Cuthbert laughed. 'You are delightful. Do you know. Mr. Leslie, that you have not concealed one thought during your entrance info this charmed circlp. You must add yourself to tho collection on the shcilf of living hooks finsily studied.' ' I was in earnest at all events.' *' So is Zola, terribly in earnest, if that is nil our requires.' 'You talk lightly of such things as elopement.' said Brice, feeling that he was dashing his hen-l against a hnrd wall, ' but if you had known a story that I could tell you ? '' ' We know heaps of tlmm,' laughed Mnpdaloi - flinging her fan open iigain. 'I assure you thai - not an original topic : indeed, we h:ivr; tnkru v- telling ghost stories to vary our subject. Mr. (iivy was amusing me just now with one— authentic, 'nf course. By the way, the one thing a, lawyer will not believe is an authentic story. Some of their — well, divorce trials are quite as extraordinary.' Brice Leslie lost all patience with her. ' I see I am not made for your kind oil society. Miss Cuthbert. Your people are never in earnest. ' I was going to tell you that when I first went tn New Zealand I made friends with a man who in Ins own person had proved many of the ordinarily received notions— received in society, I mean ? ' ' Yes. society with a big, big S.' ' Brice did not notice the interruption, and ifafr dalen, accustomed to notice, resented ami ndmired the omission at the same moment. ' — to he false. He had himself acted out one of your society novels ? ' ' I don't write novels.' ' And, as I say, proved it utterly false.' ' You mean he said so ?' ' No : I got to know that man as well as, or better than, if he had been my brother ; and I know he would have given worlds to have ? ' Magdalen laughed. ' Forgive me, Mr. Leslie. But if yon only knew how strange your words sound to me/ I fancy I am reading a novel with a purpose.' ' Which would seem rubbish to you.' Magdalen laughed. 'Perhaps,' she said. Brice Lesb'e felt inclined to throttle tin's splendid personification of heartless scepticism. He threw all the scorn he possessed into his voice ; he was not mollified even by seeing Magdalen rise slowly from her bower of ferns and flowers and place a perfectly shaped arm an'd hand upon the b;;se of a pure white marble Venus. He knew as well as if she had said so that she was posing, that she had studied that attitude, and that she was well aware how grand she looked with that expression of amused scoiti flashing from her dark -fringed blue eyes. But the man was not equal to the woman in sang froid: he lost hjs temper, or something like it; he forgot he was in society ; forgot he had never seen this society lady ' before ; forgot there are rules of courtesy and etiquette which cannot be broken ; forgot that it is vulgar— perhaps he never knew it — to show your true feeling, express a strong opinion about any thing. Brice forgot all that : forgot that he had even admired her, both for her perfection of form, for the depth of kindly sympathy in her blue eyes when she had looked at the tired child-musician ; and. knitting his brows, he said bitterly and, at this moment, quite off his guard : 'What is earnest to a man is often foolishness to a woman — like you. If you had known Percy Chester's story you would ? ' Brice had not been looking at Miss Cuthbert : his sudden anger had caused him to turn half away from her. An unexplainable something, some quiver of the unseen magnetic current, unconsciously enuserl him to turn round and look at her. He stopped short inintense surprise . The woman who had augered hinj a moment before was utterly changed ; the scornful, daring look in her eyes was replaced by one of intense agony and of dumb despair; her face had become deadly pale ; the hand that held the fan trembled visibly, whilst the other fell as if powerless hy her side. But at that instant several couples came to wards them : they would soon he close upon them and see them, and the dangerof discovery evidently caused Miss Cuthhert, on the spur of the moment,' to find words. In a low, indistinct voice she said : 'Give me your arm, please, and take me back to the drawin g-rooni . ' ' Brice Leslie obeyed in silence. Another man might have talked ou to hide her confusiou, or might lightly have continued the story, but Brice did neither of these things : he did as she told him, and ; said nothing. He felt her axm on his, and he knew ! she was leaning on him for support ; he did not argue or wonder to himself what hehad said to cause this emotion, or what was the matter with her: he was bewildered, and yet there seemed to come over him a feeling of intense rapprochement to this woman whom three minutes before he had almost hated. At this fnstant if she had asked him to put his hand into the fire for her, he would have done it unquestionin gly. Before they had reached the small flight of steps leading to the drawing-room Magdalen Cuthbert, paused. ' I am feeling unwell. Wpl you do me a kindness ? Find my carriage and my friend, Mis. Stewart : ask Lady Mary to point her out to you, and excuse me ; but no fuss be made. Can I— yes, I can trust you.' It was quite like Brice Leslie to say nothing but to obey. He led her to the cloak-room, theu has tened away and executed all his commissions with wonderful haste and tact. Lady Mary was too much engaged to wonder, and Mrs. Stewart was easily found. Before many moments had gone by he was again standing silently by Magdalen's side, whilst Mrs. Stewart filled up the pause. ' You have not got over your bad cold, Magdalen, . , dear. I knew you would be tired. . How kind of Mr. Leslie to find our carriage.' Magdalen walked ou, and did not answer till the door was flung open, and the cool June air blew softly upon them. It was a lovely starlight night - such a night as would waft a poet into a dream, and * a young man into joyful thoughts of love, and a woman into a land of not-to-be-realised happiness, L] and a child to heaven. - * She paused to allow Mrs. Stewart to go first ; then ; she loosed Brice Leslie's arm, saying in a very low voice: '* Good-night. Thank you— one moment. I must see you again: when, where?' ? ?* Brice had gone through several phases since hehad experienced the Reeling of new sympathy for the beautiful Miss Cuthbert. He even began to fancy she was acting all this b'ttle play to entice him. What was the matter— what had he said or done — I what did she mean by all this piece of splendid act- ; ing ? Now was the time to revenge himself. Partly from this feeb'ng, and partly from a certain stolidity which often manifested itself in him; partly, also, because bis ideas sometimes moved slowly, and that he was already reproaching himself for being where he was, he answered in the most ordinary and matter-of-fact tone : 'I cannot say. I must leave town to- morrow. You see, Miss Cuthbert, you have shown me how unfit I am for modern society.' The next moment he regretted his words, hut it was too late. He saw Miss Cuthbert bite her lip : he saw her rise to her full height : he saw how she mentally pulled herself together, and flung back his punishment with scorn : ' ' On the contrary, your last speech shows j ou are well fitted to crush 'its'few genuine impulses. Good night.' She barely gave him her hand, and then all was over. The carriage door shut, the coachman drove oft', the footmen shut the door, and Bric«s Leslie slowly walked upstairs ready to hate himself for his words and actions. Here the move was being made by the remaining guests and last words exchanged. Brice saw everything as if he were in a London fog. Lady Mary's sparkling last sallies sounded dull after Miss Cuthhert's strong words, and ho. fait like a despicable fool. '* I must go,' he said, when at last he could claim the attention of his hostess. ' Xo, wait a moment. The exodus hns begun. You are entitled to the privilege of a relation.' He obeyed ; he felt too bewildered to disobey, and only woke up to this fact wheu Lady Mary's happy laugh roused him at the same time that Mr. Milton put his hand on his shoulder. ' Well, Leslie, what do you think of Mary's party 'r Splendid success ; Lady Coombe was charmed, iind Ewart — you know the famous Ewart — said it was the first party he had enjoyed. But it's her last. Xow for the country — Hampshire and Surrey — lanes ! I get my turn after Mary ! though it generally seems to hephce atix drones.'' ' I like that. Why, Frank, you enjoyed yourself amazingly. But tell me, my New Zeahmder, what do you think of your return to civilised life and to civilised men and women ?' ' It is very strange,' said Brice slowly, and Lady Mary laughed like a girl. 'Charming! Why you would make un mcecs den pays liai'bares.1' ' So you leave us to-morrow?' said the artist. 'Yes; I'm going down home. By the way, I have not said how much obliged I am to you, and how kind I think it of you to have asked me to night.' 'Xot at all. Do you know that you made your self conspicuous by being the chosen knight r' ' Chosen knight — of whom?' '* Come now. Don't be too much the Barharc. A mixture of it, I grant you, is necessary for success, but we do require a small amount of Euro2)ean clothing on the fashionable aborigine. Don't you know that Magdalen Cuthbert honoured you with her notice.' ' With some biting sarcasm, ' said Brice, wishing at the same time that he spoke against her to be able to see her standing once more near that marble Venus with her arm ou the pedestal. ' Charming ! What did you say to bring it down upon you? But I assure you some of the men prefer' her in that mood. Not Frank ; he never makes anything of her ; he is quite unfair to her.' ' She poses,'' said Mr. Milton slowly, and trying to hide a yawn. ' Splendid woman, you know ; I'd pay her to sit, and all that ; but to live with ? Heaven preserve us ! She has a devil of a temper, I'm sure. Those frowns mean something, or I'm not an artist of the human face.' ' A woman without a temper ; what is she. Frank?' retorted his wife. ' It's asking for milk and water — a balloon without gas, an engine with out steam. You know that my temper Helps us to live amicably together. Well, I am sorry to lose you so soon, Mr. Leslie. Let me see ; what does your home consist of now ? Your mother and lather, of course ; and how many sisters ? You will only be about ten miles from Eosehill, bur country house.' ' I have but one sister, who lives at home, and is much taken up with nursing my invalid father. If we are neighbours I might look you up in the country. Lady Mary. You Lave taught me town life ; let me learn rural existence under your iiuidance.' ' ' He's getting on. isn't he, Prank 'r By all means. Ah ! I have it.^ You have heard that Magdalen Girth bert is coming to stay with us. Good Heavens : Brioe Leslie, don't be so transparent — I could have tur.gh t you better, but I'm 6Leepy. By all means come. The Magdalen appears on the 1st of August ; siiy you come on the oth.' ' Thank you,' said Brice. ' ? That is an understood thing. Good-night.' When Brice Leslie was gone Lady Mary turned towards her husband. ' Tell it not at Oath, Frank. I've taken abet that she will be married this year. Xow, don't in terfere, for I mean to succeed.' ' What nonsence ! Pray don't meddle with that woman's affairs.' ' What is more, I fancy this New Zealander may be the man. Wait and 6ee.' ( To be continued.) 