EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY. Ho science has of late years been more assiduously cultivated than psychology, and yet it appears that many singular phenomena of the workings of the mind have scarcely even been observed. A congress designed to promote such ob servation has just met in London under the presidency of Professor Henry Sidg wick, the well-known writer on morals: and politics. A large number of dis tinguished men from various lands were present, the list being headed by what the chairman called "the great name of Helmholtz," whilst such men as M. Richet and Dr. Liegeois of France, Professor Ebbinghaus of Germany, and M. Griibner of Roumania, took part in the proceedings. The femi nine mind is popularly supposed to be eminently practical and disinclined to ab stract reflection, but a formidable pro gramme—formidable in the nature as well as the number of the subjects discussed— did not deter a fair proportion of ladies from attendance. There is a sense in which to be " strongminded" is not a dis tinction to which the fair sex care to aspire, but clearly it is not a weak mind fcliafc could brave the ordeal or attention when such subjects as " The visual centre in the cortex of the calcarine fissure," "The psychical character of hysterical amblyopia," "The anatomical and phy siological relations of the frontal lobes,' and others of similarly alarming serious ness are in process of elucidation. But just as the British Association have long found that they cannot do without the addition of some piquant element to their proceedings, whether it be a new theory of the origin of life or a discussion upon tight lacing, so the psychologists were merciful, and papers with strange sound ing titles were pleasantly diversified by others more adapted to the ordinary intel ligence. Perhaps the older thinkers— Hobbes, Berkeley, Hume, and Mill— would have been astonished could they have heard such subjects as "The female poisoner of Algeria," the " Muscular sense of the blind," and drink and sleep walking classed under the head of psycho logy. But ghost stories which formed very largely the staple of the last pro gramme of the congress are already out of date, and it was essential to provide other entertainment, even at the risk of exciting derision, by enlarging unduly the field of mental science. "Experimental Psychology" was so conveniently defined by the chairman as to compass almost any mental process, be it hypnotic suggestion, thought transference, psychic force, clair voyance, or what else it may. Professor Sidgwick in his opening ad dress referred to the various departments of science in which each nation excelled, and claimed England as the home of psychology strictly so called, viz., the science dealing with the results obtained by the internal observation of mental phenomena. Germany, even with Kant, Fichte, and Schopenhauer, does not reach the level of England with Locke, Hobbes, Hume, Bain, and Spencer, but though our own country has done more than other nations in establish ing psychology on a scientific basis we have somewhat lost ground, or rather in a new direction have permitted others to break ground. Of late years the Continental scientists have invented a different method of dealing with mental phenomena—that of direct experiment with regard to sensations and thoughts, not of one self but of others. Whereas formerly thinkers evolved their systems from their inner consciousness, now they analyse and speculate on other people's brains. Descartes believed that the soul was a secretion of the pineal gland, just as bile is a secretion of the liver, and nowadays Continental observers are intent upon establishing a connection between cerebral and psychical changes. In Germany psychology has become almost a branch of physiology, and all effort is tending to the reduction of the whole phenomena of life to mechanical attractions and repulsions. The French contribution to experimental psychology has lain in researches regarding hypnotism and cognate subjects ; or, as the division was stated by Mr. Sidgwick, whilst Ger many had gone furthest of any nation in experiments on the sensations of normal human beings, France had achieved the greatest mastery over abnor mal phenomena. The Germans maintain that the problem of the connection be tween mental processes and molecular changes in the brain is not to be solved by the study of hypnotism, and it was only by mutual deference to national pre dilections that the nations could have combined in a congress at all. Dr. Liebault recounted a number of extraor dinary experiences in what was formerly called mesmerism, and in the still more curious department of suggestion, and another paper on the subject, that of Dr. Bramwell, an Englishman, was illustrated by sticking pins into subjects under the influence and inspiring them with all kinds of delusions, just as we have seen done in Adelaide for our amusement or instruction. Dr. Bram well showed, as the French doctors have often done, that persons can be made to do whatever is suggested to them not only at the time but at any fixed date afterwards; that they have no remem brance of the suggestion but commit the act believing themselves to be free agents ; and that they may be made to commit illegal acts against their own conscience. But the contributors of papers on this theme lamentably erred if they hoped to convince their fellow members as a body. Beyond bewildering a wonder-loving audience they had no effect whatever. A committee of enquiry appointed by the congress could not be persuaded that hypnotism rested on any sounder basis than the mesmerism practised in the past by charlatans and itinerant lecturers. Hypnotism did not exhaust the popular interest attaching to the congress. Per haps of all the papers one of the most re markable was a contribution from Pro fessor Lombroso, himself one of the most remarkable of the new school of analyti cal psychologists. This consisted of an amplification of views he previously ex pressed regarding the inferior insensibility of women to pain as compared with men. Dentists have been amazed at the courage of female patients, and doctors are agreed that if men with their higher nervous organisations had to bear the pain that falls to the lot of women the human race would soon come to an end. When Bil roth, the famous surgeon, tried his first operation for the removal of a cancer from the stomach he preferred a female patient. A male waiter would drop a hot plate which a waitress would hold with ease, and an examination of fingers re vealed in male's a finer sense of touch than in females. Professor Lombroso was so ungallant as to say—" What had led to the belief in the greater sensibility of woman was her greater irritability and freer ex pression of feeling." A man is not ex pected to weep, and he controls his emo tion. A woman could similarly repress her tears if she choose, but " in her case courage is not demanded but grace; she knows how all-powerful are her tears; she tries to weep with policy, to weep much, and to weep at tlie right time."' Like Mrs. Bumble she tries tears because they are less troublesome than other modes of per suasion. No wonder that "the ladies did not seem to like the paper, though they laughed at it." To assert that women have less sensibility than men has been truly interpreted as "an attack on one of the oldest privileges of the sex," and a repudiation of one of its chief claims to man's consideration. 