Fun and Fancy,. A serious case-A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to be made ?-Of fly paper. What kind of ships are most like scissors ? -Cutters. A song heard near a hive: " Bee it over so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like a fish it doesn't follow that he is in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but it made many a mash in its better days. Visitor: "Do you love the piano ?" Lady: " No; I prefer death by electricity." " Oh, you have the paper; please look and see if anyone we know- has been born." Science and art have advanced so fast that a much larger diamond can now be bought for a dollar and a half than for $150. Sniggles: " Well, my motto is, ' Live and letlive.'" Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: "Two mothers-in-law." Young man: " Will you give assent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old man (firmly): "No, sir, not a cent." The Misogynist : "Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make fools of men." The Philosopher: " What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." Wife: " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind l" Doctor (who knows Benjamin): "Don't trouble about that, he can't go far."s A crotchetty London journal asks " if it is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No I It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress : " Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget ?" New importation: "I did, num, but it will be some time before it gits hot, fur the fire's out." Mistress : "Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: "Yes'm, I anlays does. It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of sight." He presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: "Do not let any one else rumple it, darling." " No, dear, I will take it off." Robinson: "How about that note I hold of yours, Brown? I've had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: ".Why don't you get 'it shaved then ?" A little girl,'who was entertaining guests, was advised-as to their amusements. Draw ing herself up, she replied, "uperbly: "My dear, I have played with children all my life 1" Julia (aged six): "We've got a new baby at our house." Clara (aged six) : " What is it-a boy or a girl?" Julia: " Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." "What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is I" "I should say so Why, she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." Judge (to police officer) : "Are you sure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: SIs it drunk, yer Honor ? Shure, if hlie had shpoke through the tilliphone the breath uv him wnd have made the poles shtagger." Wibble: "I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats ?" Wabble: " If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget: "Shall I lave the hall lamp burnin', ma'am ?" Mistress: "No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissed me three times before he left, and gave me £2 for a new winter bonnet." It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed "on the same principle, they are restrained from communicating the intelligence to the people. A man passing through a gateway in the dark ran against a post. "I wish that post was in the lower regions," was his angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere else," said a bystander, " you might run against it again." Poet's son: "Father, what does 'handi capped' mean ?" Poet : "It means-ahem l -in what connection did you hear it used, my son ?" Poet's Son: "In connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handicapped by nature." Maiden aunt : "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had taken such exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Neice: "You flatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." Ax INTELLIGENT Jmnvr?xN.-" Have yo read anything about this case in the papers ?" asked a lawyer of a juror in anll exciting cri minal case. " No. sir, not a word." "Not a word, and the papers have been full of it I" "No sir, I don't read papers, nor any thing else, for I can't read at all." The juror was sworn. First Doctor : "You have been spreading the report that I have poisoned several people in this town. I want you to apologise." Second Doctor: " Certainly. I don't hesi tate to say that there are several people in this town whom you have not yet poisoned. Hope you are satisfied now." Affable Clerk: "Can I be mistaken? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?" His Customer: "Whsy, yes, I am Mrs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thought you told me you were engaged in religious pursuits ?" Affable clerk: "This is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): "I want a new novel-one of the latest out-but I have forgotten its title." "Here'; a ' Mid night Marriage'--just published, and it is having a large sale." " Was it written by a woman ?" " Yes'm." "Have the news papers denounced it as not fit for a young lady to read ?" " Yes'm." " Then it is just the one I want." Einstein (to his partner): "Isaacs, you vas oud late lasd nighd, I zee. Dot must stop, Isaacs; no more drinkin' dis mont'. You hear me, Isascs ?" Isaecs: "I don'd drink in peesiness hours." Einstein: "Dot make no differ. You drink ad nighd, and effery morning your hands tremble so you gan't show a customer any of dose sheap pants mitoud shakin' de buttons off." A pianist recently spent the evening at the house of a lady. The company was agree able, and he stayed somewhat late. As he rose to take his departure, the lady said, " Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." "Oh, you must excuse me to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb the neighbors." "Never mind the neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, "they poisoned our dog yester day I" Miss Arabella Lisyier: "I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and some vine-clad cot---" Mr. Wardoff : "Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a sewing machine buzzing overhead, and some fiend below cooking cabbage?" Miss Arabella: " Maybe, George, dear, we'd better wait after Wife (11.30 p.m.): "What's that horrible odour? Smells like alcohol." Husband: " Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take some alcohol, light it, put some-salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light-makes folks look like ghosts, you know." " Wife: "But that odour comes from your breath." Husband: " Yes, my dear-in the thirty-seventh degree Ipersonate the chief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a mouthful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then set fire to it. But, m'dear, you mustn't tell hese tings. Secret s'ciety. Secrets very =acted. yo? knOW." . ...... 