SCRAPS. A stern necessity— A rudder. Beauty is tlie mustard of love. Barbers should pay k pole tax. Lost at sea — The sight of land. ' On Ins last legs — the kangaroo, The Old "oruer11 — Corn whisky. German silver whs invented in China. Scientific boxing — Boxing tlie compass. A ghost of a show — The living skeleton. A movement on foot — Chasing a cable car. A mutiing account — Rejibrt of a horse race. Germany is very powerful ou the high seize. Twelve tivcrage lea plants produce oncpotind of tea. Protectionist : "There's no tnriff on knitted brows." Hope is a swing in which re vibrate all oiir life. It is the runaway horec who lives a life of whoa. A sudden inspiration is but n sneeae of the mind. An article which some snap to it — The whip-lash. The maid c1 the missed — The girl I kit behind me. Rather loud nnd brassy — The bell of the engine room. To those who nrc in need wc should always lend — an ear. AuJiuily i? a viaduct tliat serves in diffi cult passages. Mutton often looks sheepish when placed before company. Evaporated crooni is one of tire newest tilings in pre pa nil foods. Peroxide of hydrogen diluted with ammonia will bleach the hair. What length -should a lady's dross be ! A little above two feet. The average life of a tradesman is about two- thirds that a farmer. W> call ihat mnn an egotist who is not all the time thinking of lis. Naphtha is good for cleaning kid gloves, but keep it away from the fire. A Corn palace — The protuberance nn n man's boot over Ids favorite. A qiuvrly-dresscd mnn is not always a guy. He may be a dis-guveed duke. Women, cats nnd birds are the creatures tliat. pass the must time at their toilette. A young man calls his girl "Opportunity," because lie so ghiddly embraces her. An herb tliat is rejiorted to cure any kind nf insanity has been found in Yucntin. Boy (seeing some steamers for the first time) — " Sec the locomotives bathing." There have l>ecn 27 cases of insanity in the Bavarian Royal Family during tbe last 1MB years. Sullivan — "Have vez got an account of ver last mill 1" Kilrain — " Yes ; in nic sernp Lwok." He — "Why is justice represented ns a woman?" She — "Because her work is never dune." Tlnrlv-five nations have responded to tlie invitation to participate in the World's Fair in Chicago. In the middle of a forest, on tlie banks of the Rio CnJerin, Humboldt found wild orurige trees laden with large sweet fruit. The Japanese Astonished tlie Yankees by applying for no less than 124,000 square feet uf space at the Chicago Exhibition. Paris anarchists, convicted of stealing dvnn- mite in April last, have Iteen sentenced to terms of from five to 20 years' imprisonment. Sir George Dibbs says tliat his visit io England has been a success, as confidence 1ms Urn restored in New South Wales stocks. Sir Charles Tupper UdievAS that the im- pnsiliori of preference duties in tlie British Empire will create free trade throughout the world. A recount of the votes recorded at the recent Greenock (Scotland) election has resulted in the re -election of Sir Thnnms Southerland, tlie late unionist member. His Honor — "What marie you steal this gentleman's door mat?" Prisoner — " Shore, your honor, it said 4 Welcome' on it in letter s long as your ar-r-ui." " Front seat." asked tlie sexton of the stranger. "No," be answered, "I can't afford it . The front .seats always have to make a good showing in the contribution plate." "Tommy Irigg," said the teacher, "you wrote that exense yourself." " Yes," admitted Tommy. "Y'uu see paw writes such a poor band that I felt ashamed foryou to see it." I In 1841 tlie consumption of tobacco in the. United Kingdom, with a population of 26 millions, was 28 million pounds. To- dav, with a population of nearly 40 millions, it exceeds 55 million poaedft, A TEMPERANCE SERMON. Though whisky at times makes men merry enough, Yet itsiuldens much more than it cheers, And even the barrels that hold the vile stuff. Arc oltcn discovered in tiers. Mr. B. F. DuwcJI.a septuagenarian, lias just won a lawsuit, after 8G years of litigation, against the United States Government, for tlie value of a mule killed by the Indians Jn 1855. Tlie claim was 200 dollars. Fabulously rich gold mines hare a -Wash ington telegram says) been discovered in the Monte Crista mining district, aod Aolid bodies of gold are said to be lying exposed. The de posit is stated to Be 400 feet long. A yoang'jnan, being asked by a jodge whether he, -had a father or a mother, said lie wasn't quitcsnre whether be had or oot. First his father died and tlien his mother married Again ; 4hen bis mother died and his father married again, and now he didn't exactly know whether they were iris father and mother orjjot. The neat old lady in Pensliurt yrbo scrubbed through the floor and fell into the .cellar is hut one. among many of the very nice females with which onr conntry abounds. Wc know a good lady iu W&rrnambol; who whitewashed all the wood ahe burnt and another, in Gcelong, who used three times a day to sonur tbe nose of her lap-dog to keep him from soiling the plate from which be ate bis meals. j In 1851 the Income-tax-paying population of England nmonnted to 1,500,000 ; in 1878- 80 the -number hnd visen to 4,700,00. In London alone in 1881 more than four million pounds were expended by charitable in stitutions in promoting the physical well-being of the poor. Poor man J" twid the sympathetic yonng woman ; 44 I suppose yon arc not equal to hard work." " Equal to hard work 7" responded Mr. Weary Welkins, " I am superior to it." A tramp got a new suit of clothes out or the Sydney authorities in a very original way. He committed fronie. slight dffence, for which he was put into gaol. As soon as he was behind the bars lie deliberately took off his clothes and cut them into shreds, including his boots. Of course n new suit had to be purchased for him so thnt he could appear for trial. A gentleman had accompanied a friend home to dinner, and n> tliev seAted themselves at the table the hostess remnrked — " I trust that yon will inoke nllowances, Mr. IJlnnkliiV. M y ser vant left mc very unexpectedly, and I was com pelled to cook tlie dinner myself." " Oh, cer tainly, inv dear madam, certainly," responded the guest, with great emphasis, " I can put up with anything," Grevncck — "You remember that handsome watch I lost five or six years ago ?" Sitiilnx — - " Yes, I recall the occurrence." Grcynock — " You remember how I looked high and low for it and could not find it anywhere ?" Smilax— " I remember your deligcnt and exhaustive search." Greyneck- — " Well, yesterday I put on an old waistcoat thnt 4 lindn't worn "for years, and what do you think 1 found in the pocket T' Smilax— 11 Your watch; lot mc congratulate you?" Gjeyneck— "No, I found the hole that I must have lost it through." 