SALVATION ARMY DEMONSTRATION. ON Monday evening the Albany Corps of the Salvation Army hold a demonstration in the Town Hall. Tho proceedings of the evening were opened by a "Hallelujah tea" at 6 o'clock, when the hall was crowded. The tables, which ran along the length of tho hall, were plentifully supplied with good things of a substantial nature, and It is unnecessary t,o say that at both relays everyone present appeared to onjoy themselves to their heart's content. The members of tho Army were assisted by a number of ladies of other denominations, and all worked well in looking after the comfort of those who attended. The tables were prettily dccorated with flowers and evergreens, and the walls of the hall were picturesquely draped with manycolored flags, with the additional effect of lillies, which gave a pleasant appearance to the auditorium. Immediately after full justice had been done to the good things provided, members of the Army marched in torchlight procession down York Street, and on their return to tho Hall the principal busiuess of the evening was entered on, when Staff- Captain Knight, l'erth, who presided, gave out a hymn, which was sung by tho assemblage, who by eight o'clock had completely tilled the hall The hall lias rarely if ever been so crowded. After the hymn had been sung tone of the new recruits offered up a prayer. A hymn with a catching chorus followed, after which Captain Harris rendered a rather amusing ditty of the comic musical order. Lieutenant Webb then read and briefly expounded a portion of Scripture. Captain Knight at this stage thanked tho people .of Albany for the cordial assistance and practical sympathy they had extended to Captain ^ykes and Lieutenaut Webb in connection with that evening's tea meeting, aw well as for other kindnesses since the arrival of the local officers in the town. This was the sixth occasion in which he had] taken part in the swearing in of recruits in the colony. Tho forms of military drill adopted by the Salvation Army might not please everyone, but they were well adapted for Christian work among the masses of the people. Captain Knight then unfurled a new banner which had been subscribed for by the choir for presentation to the Albany Corps of the Army. Mr. Welsh in a few words presented the new colors amid cheers. Captain Knight in accepting the presentation referred to the different colors of the banuer. The red was symbolic; of blood, the blue of purity and the yell >w of t lie fire of the Holy Ghost. It was their w.sh to show that all who marched under such a banner were willing to sacrifice all things for the salvation of all sorts iand conditions of men. The banner was then banded over to Captain Sykes and Lieutenant Webb both of whom feelingly responded. The Chairman here notified that on the 17th, 18th and 19th insc a lime light exhibition would be given in Albany by members of the Army who would arrive herefrom Melbourne by the Ballarat. Captain Harris then sang a solo. The swearing in of 25 recruits was then proceeded with. Captain Knight delivered with effect the solemn charge relating to the duties of the new members, who had come to the penitent form As the name of each recruit was called out he was asked to staud up, and as the new Salvationists came forward they were received with cheers. After the swearing in had been gone through both Captains Knight and Harris offered up prayers, and a rolling chorus," Marching Along" was heartily sung. The presiding officer then gave an exposition of the duties of each of the six non-commissioned officers appointed. He also made brief reference to the businesslike manner in which the accounts of the Salvation Army were dealt with and showed that the recent charge of the London Times relative to General Booth had been completely refuted by a London barrister of standing who had been appointed by the Charity Organisation Society to report on the Army's expenditure in connection with its different schemes. The usual Salvation volley was then called for and cordially responded to. The formal business of the evening then closed. A prayer meeting was held afterwards. 