PENAL SERVITUDEI1, VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. t TRUE CIHROtICLES. No. 14. \---- +--- tDORDER WILL OCT. \--1 It has been stated at the outset that Stapleeon's crime had been an alleged assault on a female, who lived-as did the C prisoner himself-in the town of Kilkenny, Ise strongly protested his innocence at the time, but was found guilty, and sentenced to death. This was afterwards commuted to transportation for life, through the efforts of his friends. It was proved at the trial that ( Stapleton had formerly been a sweetheart of t the uerson who had acoused him of the offence, but had jilted her for another girl, aod the defence set up was that the chargeo was a spiteful and malicious one, and laid t solely for the purpose of revenge. Hisplea E was not accepted, however, as he admitted being with the girl when the off lmee was al-. legedto have hapy:eneJ. Nearly twelve years aiter when on her death bed the woman con- E feased that the accusation was absolutely E talse, and made solely to part Stapleton arn c tile girl he wished to marry. The dying I penitent said that if it had been deceded to carry out the death sentence she would have 1 saved her former lover's life by telling the truth,bbut when transportatipn was substi- C toted she was pleaseo, as it effeetually parted her hated rival and Stapleton. Thus 1 the poor convict's future was decided in a t very summary way. And now, after twelve years of deepest I misery and suffering. of floggings and I starvation, cold and contumely, a free pardon had arrived at hloba:t Town for one 1 lienry Stapleton, per ship the Regent, ship's I number 180, year 1828," end the authorities I were further commanded to supply the said I Henry Stap!eton with a free passage to the city of Carst, and furnish him with a kit not i to cost more than £10 sterling; or if the t pardonee preferred to settle in Van Dieman's Land, the colonial government could make hi suech a free grant of land as would in t hbcir ctimstion help the ex- convict to be. come auseful and prosperofse settler. This I was the substance of the dipatchb. but there was an important note that these inetrue tions should only be carried into eff:et if I Henry Stapleton wa?s alive. By the unusual I reparation that the Secretary for State's department had ordered it was pretty evi deot that they were of the opinion that the i prisoner must be dead, for twelve years of i convict life was equal to four times that r amount of time under free and ordinary c conditions. Tue unlucky Irishman was not dead as i the reader knows, and when the papers were sent to the Comptroller General he discovered I after a couple of days'- sesarch through the I records that N1 :.41;2, Henry Stapleton, per ship Regent in l128, was at that particular sime at she prison at Port Arthur. The papers were sent there to the Commandant with an intimnation to sand the person there. in named and numbered to the Hobart Town barracks, but in a fortnight's time the Comp- I troller General had the documents returned i with a statement that the prisoner named ( had not been at Part Arthur for nearly four 1 months, but had been sent to headquarters I at that time. Then another slow search was made, and it was found thet Stspleton I had been sent to work on the great north and t south road for twelve months, but the books c did not show what gang he was employed i with, and as there were eighteen of them dis- i tributed right across the island from Hobart ( Town to L:uncesatn, it would hb necessary' i to make enquiries. This dutywaseutrusted to a travelling magistrate, who also carried the free. pardon, and at No 9 station he. I found there was such a prisoner as Henry Stap!eton, and that his number was 3t162. He thereupon placed the documents in the 1 bands of the Superintendent, and thought nothing further about it. When Mr. Wragge, chief official of the I station, read the pardon and the instructions k attached to it, he was considerably taken I aback and amazcd.lie knew from the"secret service"men that he had amengt the con- t vists that Stapleton was determined to have I redress for the manner in which he was 1 treated, and he also knew that nine out of ( ten of the prisoners would give evidence t against him, and he was also doubtful about I some of the subordinate cllicials. Most of them were suffering through the manage ment of Wragge, who was running the st tion solely for his own convenience and pe canary gain. If No. 3462 were a free man the Suoerin tendent knew that the fires use he wvould make of his liberty would be to de nounce Wragge and all his works. Some of the latter's acts had been done so openly that nearly every prisoner on the station knew about them, and it would beimpossible for him to escape detection if once exposed. Hewas much troubled, too. by the rumors that most of the small stations on the great north and south road were to be closed and concentrated in large depots, and that action would seriouslyaffect him, as when the men were no longer under his control they would not be afraid to lay charges against him. Before doing anything he docidei to consult with his factotum, Benson, and that-ovening he waitedin his ofies as usual for the over seer to enter and lay before him any event of importance that might require investiga tion. It was generally matters of private importance that were considered. When Benson came the superintendent showed him the despatches and asked his advice, at the same time telling him the fears he had of trouble if Stapleton obtained hislibeaty. The overseer had a good deal of .caonning, and as it was a question that affected him as much as his superior he at onee said that the convict should not be set ,at liberty. " I don't suppose he knows anything about this pardon, and there is no reason why he should. Why not get ore of our friends to personate him ? The authorities don't knowNo. 3462, and there ls not as much risk in doing that as in letting .him have the pardon. This in short was the advice of the overseer. WVragge thought it bover carefully, and the more he reflected the better the scheme appeared. He would be killing the two birds with the one stone by S adoptingit, that is, he would bhe having a terrible revenge on the prisouner, and at the sametime be protecting himself. 'T'heques tion was which of the convicts should have the great boon of liberty given to him. There would he of course no fear of exposure, for it would be tenfold more to the felon's interest not to reveal the deception, than it would he for the officials to do so. The two conspirators consulted together on the mo mentous point of selecting a mln to repre. sent 3162, and at length their choice fell upon a convict named John i;iair. Thisfel. low was about the same ago as the criminal he would be required to pernenate, andi in height, build, and general appearance, es pecially the convict dress, ceoeu cropped hair and clean shaven face, there was little difference in the two men. Blair had a very bhd reputation with his gang, for it was well known thLtb he was a spy for the officials, and in consequeaCs hba was allowed to commit breaches ol discipline without being punished that would have brought flogging ,n meost of the others. Wraggo was afraid of the man, for beha kneaw secrets about him that would hIave brought ruin on the superintendent, and the latter was anxious to get him out of the way eitther by fairmeans or by foul. Tia convict hlad worked under Wragge at lMacquarie I -abor. and hemore than once hinted that he had seen the official kill a man there, but the affair had been beought in as necidental death, and during his eojourn :te No. : svti nion the prisoner had found out many other serious charges against its chief officer. Blair himself wasa notorious scoundrel. He had been transported sic years previously for being aessory to a garrotting case in Lor, don. Two of his comrades were hanged for the crime, and on the Ecaffuld they asserted that -Blair. was really the ringleader, but through his superior cunning had managed to escape the eapital punishment. Hie re ceived fourteen years' transportation, and in 183S was sent to Hobart Town. When the two oflicial ruffians had decided on their cruel and nefarious plot, Benson went to the ward in which Blair slept, and brought him to the superintendent, when the latter sald,- ' I need hardly ask you if you would like your liberty and a grant of a couple of hun dred acres of land for nothing. If you say you would I am in a position to get you both. I have here a (tee pardon for another prison er. and there is nothing easier in the world than for you to represent him. I will read you the papers, and you will see what is about to be done. I will give you a letter to the Comptroller General, stating that you are the person referred to, and when he asks what you will do, accept a grant of land and remain on the island a free and prosperous man. It would ba dangerous for you to take the tree voyage, as you would only be landed at Cork, and Stapleton's relatives might be waiting for him,sand find out that a mistake had been made. If you go home you will only get into trouble again, whilst if you stay here you should become a prosperous settler. When your hair and beard grows no one could identity you as having been here, and I am cffering you a boon for which you ought to bless me all the days of your future life." It was indeed a boon, and Blair felt al most overpowered at his unexpected good fortune, lIe had over 4teamt of receiving his freedom, Inuoli 'less of havitig a present' thrown it, with it, and there was almost a ring of sincerity in his voice as he thanked the superintendent for his kindness, and ex pressed his utmost willingness to at once accept the offer. He would certainly not leave the colony it he was offered a dozen free passages. The one coming out was enough to last him for a life time, and he had not the least desire to go home where he had been badly treated. Ilia wish was to settle down in Van Dieman's Land and lead a good and honest life, the hypocritical convict said. Wraggo then told him all that he thought would be of service to him in his interview with the Comptroller General, and then he reccl'ected that a slight difficulty stood in the way. The convict's clothes were all num bered at that time. and a change would be of I course necessary, so the superintendent de c:ded to give him Stapleton's clothes, and let Blait wear theformer's. Doiing the even ing the change was made, and Stapleton was informed that for the future his number would be 318.t, as instructions had been re caived to substitute that number for the one he had. It was a matter of the most perfect indifference to the unconscious convict. They could have numbered him nought or a million it they chose, for it made no im provement in his position. The following day ConviclBlair-or rather Stapleton. for so he was dubbed by Superin tendent Wragge--elt for Hobart Town with a letter from the chief cflicial, in which he stated that he hoped the authorities would agree to his action in knocking off Stapleton's irons, and the note was intended to cover that deficiency, for according to the strict interpretation of the regulations a prisoner, even though a free pardon was granted him, had to report himself to head-quarters in his usual garb. The Comptroller General did not make any fuss about the knocking ofl of the irons, but received Blair in a rather ami able manner. He impressed upon the ex convict the eternal justice of British law in pardoning a man when they found he was innocent, and told the pardonce that he ought never to cease extolling the wise in stitutions under which he lived, and through which he had now regained his freedom. "?Rich and poor are all alike in the eyes of the law," the pompous Comptroller General went on. "If you had- been a nobleman's son you could not have been better treated than you have, andI hope you will not forget your duty to the authorities in upholding law and order in your new life, for I am glad to find from the note Superintendent Wragge sends me that you intend to settle in the Colony." It was evident that that Wragge was making certain that Blair would not leave the island, but the man had no wish to do so. and after further conversation with the Comptroller General lie received a written authority to the dietrict surveyor of the New Norfolk County, enabling him to pick out-two hun dred acres in that locality, for which he would receive a crown grant. 2Next day the lucty ex-convict went to the district, and there for the present he may be left. When Superintendent Wraggo and Over seer Benson found that Blair had settled down and consequently passed through the ordeal of an interview with the Comptroller General successfully, their brutal treatment of Stapleton was again renewed. A month after the free pardon should have reached him, he was almost driven mad by the re fined cruelty to which he was subjected. The rations at best were inadequate-for the Superintendent pinched a portion of them to feed his pigs on-but Stapleton was most ly kept on half rations, and was, in fact, being gradually starved to death. He had become the mere ghost of his former self. and with open violenceo and hunger hs had been reduced to a desperate and conspiring mati. Death was infinitely preferable to the terrible life he was leading, and at lat he determined to make an attempt for liberty or death. At number nine station the con. victs slept in three large rooms boarded off into narrow compartments, and there was no dificulty in communicating with each other. There were a few separate cells at the place, but they were only need when arrests were made. Many of the prisoners were ready to mutiny, for their treatment was wretched, though not so bed as Staple. ton's, and at least two of the billet men could be relied on for assistance. Quietly but certainly he arranged for a ridsing in which the murder of both the superintendant and the overseer was a feature. The two billetconvicts were induced to join the con. spiraey, and they were to arrange, so that the- two armed guardsle that watched the wards should be rendered powerless either by flores or drugged rum. Once they were secured the convists would have no trouble in seizing the station. Their intention was then to take all the provisions, clothing, arms, etc. and make for the buslh, where they would either disperse or rernain as an armed gang of buehrangerd. Ten of the felons, in. cluding the billet men. were in the pilot, and it weas decided to maile th atcempt on the night of December 21th, IN, as ono Chlrist mas Eve discipline was conildcorably relaxed, and the surrounding settlers, keeping up the hospitable home custom. never f.iled to give the free eliieiale-soldiers, constables, sand such like-a bumper or so of strong drink in which to quaff their health. The two billet men hid entered into the conepiracy with eagerness, althougi tIevy hd more to lose by it than the regu!lr r'risooers. 1 Their nameas were Manton and Tregurtha, and they seemed to Ihacve a deadly hatred to Ovreeseer L'ecun. During the week that in tervened between arriving at tile decision to have the rieing on the 2l:h of December and that date, thres two men were not idle in makiing a:rrangmnentc for it. Stapleton and the other reven convicts who were in the enoepiraoy ellpt in thie scame ward, and little difficulty would be eaxpoerienceI in liberating them. At length the night of the 2-lth arrived. Alhas.! how dittrant were the fee;igs which actuated thee mi-erable felons to those which are usually supposed to animate the breaets of Christiase all the world over on the evea of the anniversary of the birth of tite Great Master-the founder of the purest re. ligion the world has ever seen. " The Fatal Christmas Eve" will be the r title of next wevk'a chronicle. It will nar. c rat the story of the rising, the results which I followed, and the wonderful mannerin which Superintendent Wragge's treachery was dis * covered. 