PARLIAMENTARY. Tha last act in connection with the petition of Mr. R. Gooch was performed in the As sembly on Thursday, when it was quietly re ceived and read, Mr. Osman giving the requi site guarantee that although the same person was petitioning the memorial was different to that handed in by Mr. Ash. Mr. Rounsevell wanted to know what action tha Government intended to take with respect to the motion passed in the Legislative Council on the pre vious day, and Mr. Holder replied that he did not recognise that the other branch of the Legislaturehad anythingto do with the making and unmaking of Ministries. It was promised that a 1301 to enable South Australia to re enter the Federal Council would be sub mitted to Parliament next week. Prior to the business of the day being called on the Speaker explained that his absence from the chair on Wednesday evening was caused by severe in disposition, and he thought it due to the House to state the cause of his non- atteud auce. Mr. Holder, on the first opportunity, moved the second reading of the Butter Bonus Bill, and informed members that the recent change of the weather had rendsred the imme diate passage of the measure one of urgency. Mr. Grainger thought Mr. Johnston, S.M., was going to draft short and simple Bills, but if he could not do so the Attoruey-Geueral might have stepped into the breach on this occasion. The Bill did no credit to anyone'; it was abuDgle throughout, and would be utterly i mpracticable, as every farmer under it would be able to claim a part in the bonus. Too much was left to the regulations, and, as was pointed out in The Advertiser, there was no definition either of a proprietor or a "foreign port." The latter could not mean England any more than Melbourne or Broken Hill. "That is pre scribed by the regulations,1' said Mr. Castine. to which Mr. Grainger retorted that no regula tion could make England a foreign port. "It is done in Victoria," explained Mr. Castine, and Mr. Grainger cried impatiently, " Oh ! I'm sick of Victoria. That colony forms a very bad example just now." "Hear, hear," said Mr. Kingston loyally. Then, continued the adverse critic, "Where the dickens is the money to come from?" The Bill did not pre scribe whether it should be taken from revenue or loans. The xret, if passed in its present form, would be absurd and so much waste paper. The Government would have to amend it in the manner suggested. He was tired of seeing the Ministry bounding through the session like a welted football; a committee should be formed to help tho Ministry frame their Bills, or else they should be turned out. Mr. Moule wanted to know whether everyone exporting butter would get the bonus. " Ask each of the Ministers and you'll get five different replies," said Mr Kingston. Continuing, Mr. Moule stated that Mr. Holder and Mr. Castine were both freetraders, and the Bill was a fair sample of the blunders freetraders made when they tried to encourage local industries. The bonus would only make factories, already paying splendidly, more profi table. " What about the E-iverton factory?" asked somebody, to which Mr. Moule answered severely that the Government were not responsible for the mis management of particular establishments. Mr. Burgoyne thought the Bill was not a feather in the cap cf the Attorney-General, but he sup posed they couldn't expect anything better. "You supposed a good deal when you were in office, and mismanaged everything," interjected Mr. Stock; the good humored comment being —"I am sorry such action should be con tagious." The bonus, said Mr. Burgoyne judicially summing up, will help a few people at the expense of the many, and will enable them to keep down the price of milk. Speeches strongly in support of the measure came in swift succession from Messrs. Cock, McDonald, and Landseer. Then Mr. Playford, who for expediency's sake supports a system to which he is strongly opposed, said it would be impossible for a small man to get direct compensation, although he might do so through a co- opera tive factory. If the Treasurer said that any one with a cow could collect the bonus it was absurd and the sooner the Bill was kicked out the better. He believed if the bonus were introduced that in three years time it would aeb as a horrid example. The bonus should only be paid on butter which reached home in good condition, and that the samples should bo kept separate. The Bill was composed of the usual stock clauses. "Is that a joke?" asked Mr. Kingston, the reply being in the negative, although he agreed thab the measure was carelessly drafted. "The power given under the regulations covers everything," urged Mr. Stock, to which' Mr. Playford retorted that legislation by_ regulation was very dangerous. Mr. Hague said ths Bill was not necessary, as 233 tons of butter were exported last year. Mr. Miller accused. Mr. Caldwell of inconsis tency because he voted for the steel pipe bonus in 1S84. "Ob, don't resurreot seven-year-old ghosts," protested Mr. Caldwell depreeatingly, "itisn't fair." Mr. Scherk was antagonistic because the price of butter would be increased and the best samples would be sent away. Sir Edwin Smith objected to the measure, and Mr. Castine set himself enthusiastically to work to pulverise his arguments. Mr. Cald well, as an alternative proposal, advised that the Government should purchase the 50 tons of butter now likely to glut the market and send it home instead of so much interest due on loans. Mr. MePherson damned the measure with, faint praise, and then Mr. Kingston imported some liveliness into the discussion, and was especially severe on the Attorney-General. Mr. Kingston opened his speech on the Butter Bonus Bill in the Asstmbly on Thursday with a statement thab ha would give ib a liberal 'and generous support, as it would make things hum, and help an industry native to the soil. There should, however, be_ only one rate of bonus paid, or else the Inferior quality might get the better price. He believed in the principle of a Government brand. "Thab would make ib Government butter," objected Mr. Horn, to which Mr. Kingston replied, " It will, almost," and Sir John Downer added, "Ib is Govern ment butter." "Yes," acquiesced Mr. King ston, "and we'll use Government butter for greasing the wheels of commerce." ".The brand might be melted off in the tropics," suggested Mr. Ash. Holding up a copy of the measure on which some one had been exer cising his artistic skill, Mr. Kingston said the House had reason to complain of the whole treatment of the Bill by the Government. " Those drawings are not in the original Bill," objected Dr. Cockburn, while Mr. Kingston said, "They are the only things to recommend it," adding, "I pity the Premier and metaphori cally fall op his_ neck and weep for him, drowning him with tears. 1 am sorry for him and his associations." " We all are," agreed Mr. Howe. Mr. Kingston proceeded • that he " did not deal in butter, except politic ally." "You give us butter in a lordly dish" commented Dr. Cockburn, with a nob alto gether appropriate reminiscence of Scripture. "Why was the Bill nob introduced before?" demanded the member for West Adelaide, " seeing that a third of the butter season had gone. Why is this thus ? I pause for a reply —and don't get ib. I don't expect to get ib. In the case of this Government, blessed is he who expeeteth nothing, for he will nob be disappointed. The Bill and all connected with ib form a comedy of errors. If this is a matter of importance, why was the Bill not introduced before? Even the notice for leave to introduce it was informal. I suppose the ■ Premier will take all the responsibility on his shoulders," "Ishould be sorry to have you on my shoulders" said Mr. Holder, while Mr. Howe said—"You'd rather have him to lean on, eh ?" " It was generally recognised that the law officers of the Crown should prepare Bills and notices," continued Mr. Kingston, with a glance at Mr. Stock, who was making violent pretensions of being asleep. "If the ordinary courtesy had been ex tended to me it would have been all right last week," complained Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston went on—On Tuesday the Government were in a precious hurry, and there was a desire to suspend the standing orders because the country was waiting and the butter melting. "Had it nob been for the noble political determination of Mr. Ash, who, like Horatins, kept the bridge, the Bill would have been rushed through on Tuesday," said Mr. Kingston; "bub after the dinner adjourn ment the Premier did nob consider the matter so urgenb. I came down in a burning hurry— 'To stonewall,' chipped in Mr. Stock—but where was the motion to suspend the standing orders ?" " The Legislative Council is not sitting," explained Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston cried with simulated indignation, " It is too bad !" "Yes, you look very sorry," interjected Mr. Cohen, while Mr. Kingston cruelly proceeded—"I am very sorry, and when I look at the Attorney-General I sorrow as one without hope. I have had to stand him for three months." "I'll have three months at you soon," called the Attorney-General, with vininus anticipation. "Well, the sooner the better,11 agreed Mr. Kingston, "but seven years' hard work would not do justice to the political incapacity of the Attorney-General, who was always,scratohing notes on the back of Bills, but the.House never saw any result. How necessary it was to em ploy outsido assistance to prepare a magnifi cent Bill like this. The lav/ officers ot the Crown should do some of this work, bub he searched in vain for Mr. Stock's name on a Bill. The Attorney-General said an intelli gent layman could draw short and simple Bills, bub that officer had apparently nob been captured. Of five clauses, three were wrong, and all required amendment. I am sorry," continued Mr. Kingston, with a glanco at Mr. Gillen; "that the Commissioner of Crown Lands does nob treat the matter with becoming gravity." " Oh, I can't take you seriously," said Mr. Gillen, with a laugh. " Well," went on Mr. Kingston, "I am glad to see the air of solemn melancholy resting on the Attorney General." " Oh," corrected Mr. Stock, " I am nearly asleep. I never heard such foolery in my life." At this Mr. Kingston, maugre the Gaining Act, offered to bet bis bottom dollar that Mr. Stock was never less asleep in his life. Turning from personal to technical criticism Mr. Kingston asked— "What is a foreign port? Ab," he said, "the Chief Secretary rubs his manly brow, and a fortnight lienoe he will move the sus pension of the standing orders to give us the result. Well, as the Ministry won't answer me I'll turn to Mr. Castine." "Oh,' answered that gentleman airily, they have only omitted a definition clause, that's all. They can provide for it in the regulations." " They can do nothing of the sort," continued Mr. Kingston, "and the objection of The Advertiser is well grounded." "Ho you say London is not a foreign port?" demanded Mr. Stock, to which the response was "If so, Melbourne, Sydney, and Broken Hill are also." The crux of the matter, concluded Mr. Kingston, was the matter of appropria tion, which was not mentioned. Therefore he did well to be angry. An interjection caused him to say that the Language of Acts Act, like the Hotvers that bloom in the spring, had nothing to do with the case. "It is as foreign as good manners to yon" was the parting shot of Mr. Stock, whose castigation was very heartily enjoyed by Mr. Homburg, who bubbled over laughter with laughter during its whole course. When Mr. Kingston had spoken for 35 minutes on the Bonus Bill Sir John Downer supported the measure on condition that all the exported butter should carry the same bonus, and then Mr. Ash calling for a division the second reading was carried by 20 votes to 4, the antagonistic quartet beiDg Messrs. Ash, Horn, Moule, and Solomon. Mr. Catb had been occupying the place of the Speaker, in consequence of the illness of that gentle man, and when the House went into committee Mr. . Kingston . for a time officiated as Chairman. Directly the first clause was called on, which was at twenty-two minutes past 5, Mr. Moule called attention to a Ministerial promise that the Mining Bill would be taken that day, but Mr. Holder said the speech of the Commissioner of Public Works in moving the second reading of that measure would only occupy half an hour, and he wished to get through the Bonus Bill first. The committee cheered, and members went to week with a will, with a result that the short title was made really short. It evas provided that the bonus would only be paid on butter sold outside the Australasian colonies, and one uniform rate of 2d. per lb. was fixed. Just before G o'clock Mr. Moule and Mr. Grainger again called for the Mining Bill, and Mr. Hack interjected, "Finish this or else sit late." Mr. Kingston, however, . agreed to release the Premier from this pro mise, and Mr. Moule after a while showed equal inagnanimitj7, and the remaining clauses aud some additions were taken pro foi'rna.. Mr. Catfc reported to himself, and the considera tion of the report was fixed for Tuesday. At three minutes past G Mr. Handyside, greeted with cheers—half earnest and halt bantering— rose to move the second reading of the long asked-for Mining Bill, but he kept on the. out skirts of his Bubject only. An amusing episode of a somewhat dull half hour was an interjec tion from the Treasury benches by Mr. Gray son, who was promptly called to order by Mr. Cohen. In the course of his remarks Mr. Handy side expressed the opinion that Adelaide was not the proper place for the School of Mines. "Have you ever been there?" enquired Mr. Moule, while Mr. Kingston put the query— " Where would you put it ? . At the McDonnell Ranges?" Mr. Handyside thought Moonta was the proper place, and that the city institution should be called the School of Arts. "And now," said Mr. Handyside, when he had been on his feet for more than a quarter of an hour, " I'm going into the Bill." " What Bill is it?" asked Mr. Kingston, and the House laughed, for up till that time the Commissioner of Public Works had not got anywhere near his subject. Three minutes before the dinner adjournment ho asked leave to continue the debate at a future time, but Mr. Moule objected, and suggested that the sessional order should be suspended so that the speech could . be . concluded then, offering to move in that direction himself. "You are not the leader of the House" said Mr. Rounsevell severely, while the Premier explained that Mr. Handyside would take at least another half hour, and the House would not like to sit that late. Here there were affirmative cheers. "On a point of order," enquired Mr. Grainger satirically, "will you direct the Commissioner of Public Works to deal with the Bill next time ?" Then at G. 2D p.m. the House rose until Tuesday. When giving judgment in the Local Court on Thursday in a case of breach of contract his Honor Mr. Justice Bundey made some further remarks as to judicial note-taking which will in the future be frequently cited by advocates of reform in the legal procedure of our courts of justice. Referring to the notes taken. by judges at trials he said that the copious nature of these often led to the time occupied in the_hearing of cases being greatly lengthened. The presiding judge took notes at his own discretion, and he held it was his duty to take down the evidence himself. If either of the parties in a case wished evidence taken down the clerk of court could be directed by the judge to take notes of the proceedings. The notes of a judge belonged to himself alone. His honor further referred to the great outcry, not only in all the Australian colonies, but all over the British Empire, against the lengthened trials in courts of justice. The report of the judges on judicial reforms set out "that commercial men prefer the rough and ready justice administered by trade arbitrators to the slow, exasperatiraly dignified, and un certain methods of the Royal courts." Speak ing for himself and for his colleagues, he would endeavor so far as lay in his power to record nobhing which was not evidence and so tend to shorten trials. Some leading members of the bar throughout the English speaking world . set the example of lengthened cross-examinations which pro tracted the cases in which they were engaged; but for his own part he would do his utmost to bring trials within reasonable' time limits con sistent with the proper administration of justice. The annual meeting of the Adelaide Circu lating Library was held at the library, North terrace, on Thursday, when Archdeacon Farr occupied the chair. The committee's report showed that the number of subscribers during the year ended June 30 had been 655, and that 524 new works had been added to the library, besides which there had been 207 replacements of worn-out, lost, or damaged books, or extra copies bought of those in demand, and 106 volumes of periodicals bad been bound, making a total of 837. The number of volumes in the library was ab present 18,251. As an indica tion of the growing preference for literature in serial form the committee cited the fact that although the circulation of bound volumes had remained nearly stationary during the last seven years, being now only 4 per cent, greater than in 1885, that of periodicals has increased by fully 30 per cent. This was no doubt due to the steady improvement in the periodicals themselves, and the more solid attractions which they offered. Additional space kiDdly granted by the board of tbe Public Library had been used for the recep tion of books which were nob in frequent de mand, and this afforded some relief to the crowded state of the shelves. The balance sheet showed that the amount received for subscriptions and entrance fees during.the year had .been £669 18s. 2d., which, with the Government grant of £700 0s. Gd., made the total receipts £1,369 18s. Sd. The amount expended in tbe purchase of new books and periodicals had been £413 0s. Sd., replacements and repairs being esfcimatedai £76 12s. Sd. The sum of £10 17s. 3d. had been received as an equivalent for loss, of and damage to periodicals. The cash in bank amounted to £1,0G9 12s. 3d. and the renewal fund to £1,C90 4s. 4d. The report and balance sheet having been carried, Wednesday, October 19, was appointed as the date for the election of the new committee. Mr. C. T. Hargrave was re-elected as representative on the board of the Public Library, Art Gallery, and Museum. Messrs. R. S. Benbam and G. W. D. Beresford having been reappointed auditors for the ensuing year the meeting ter minated. A fancy and evening dress ball, under the patronage and in the presence of the Countes3 of Kintore, will be held ab the Norwood Town Hall this evening. Professor W. H. Bragg, M. A., .will leobure before the Chalmers Church Literary ^ As sociation this evening on "Capillarity,' il lustrated by experiments. 