-?.?'? .; Storyettei '?'-. ::- In an Albany club the wine cellar wai ?trangely depleted of its contents. Bottle after bottle of champagne disappeared, and locks seemed no bar against the thirsty thieves. Finally a new superintendent wo* placed in charge, and he seemed to be a man of an ingenious turn of mind. He put new lock* upon tho cellar, but he did not mean to place his dependence wholly upon iron jolts. So he secured a remarkably ugly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi tion, and shut him in tbe cellar. Tbere th* brute stay* all the time, except for half an hour daily, when he is given a run in th* ?unlight. The dog has no taste for cham pagne, and now tbe wine stay* where it il ' put until it ia wanted in'tbe cafe. There has nerer been an instance of ' graciousness'like the visit of the Duke de Nlvernais, in tbe seventeenth century, to bia dying steward. Wishing to see bow matters stood with the poor fellow, tbe duke stepped into the roam, and had the extreme condescension to make personal inquiry into the state of his health. Tbe steward, utterly bewildered by the honor, raised himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of tbe moat abject humility : ' I hope your grace will not be offended at my dying in your presence ?' ' Tbe duke, deeply touched, answered : 11 Not in the least, my good friend ; do not mind me.' Whereupon, tbe steward availed himself of tbe gracious permission of hi* master, and gave up tbe ghost. Professor Delbruck has recently pub lished some interesting souvenirs about the Emperor Frederick tbe Third and hia family. Here 1b an amusing anecdote about th* order that reigned in the household whil* Frederick was Crown Prince : One day the Crown Princess said to th* butler, ono of the oldest servants and one who had tbe reputation of having a will of hi* own : ??I ordered some Apollinaris water several weeka ngo, and should like to taste it ; baa it not yet arrived ?' The old domestic replied : 'Imperial Highness, there is still in th* cellar a lot of bottles of selUsr water that must be drunk lirst I' All the persons at tablo broke out into laughter. The Crown Prince, nfter having him self joined in the hilnrity, said, in a serious tone: ' My friend, when the Crown Princesi orders you to do nnylliiitj:, I beg von to obey her.' 'One day,' said a vetciau, in a recent interview with Kli 1'eikins, ' I met an oiii soldier who had U'-eu u-uiimled In tbe face and when I asked him iu what battle he had been injured, he said ; 'i got it at the lirst day at Sliilob, air.' ' But how could vou get hit in tbe face at Shiloh?'Iusk(.'d. ? Well, sir,' said he, half apologetically, ' after I had run u mile or two Igot ciueluai and looked back.' This story reminds me of how oue of Ells worth's Fire Zouaves killed his liist Cuu federate. He tnnt Unit he marched out tu the battle of UulU Hun, and when about half way there, he met a Johnny liub. iu ambush. ? What did yo'i do then ?' I asked. -t Ull, sir, uvnuanciLU, i uicn uiih uij revolver and he drew out his bowie-knife, and then I took the lead from the start, and kept it clear into Washington city, and— ' ' But how did you kill trie man!' ? Itun him to death,' wai the reply.' In ' making up ' newspapers, or tho piecing together of diircrent paragraph!) into columns, two sepnrnte Hums will, some times, be jumbled together and most amus ing results appear. A Kreuch nuw&paper; had a good specimen, of this kind of mixture : ?? Dr. X. has been appointed bead physi cian to the Hopital de la Charite. Order* bave been issued by the authorities for the Immediate extension of tbe Cimetiere de Parnasse.' Tbe New Haven journal, aome time ago made a curious jumble of two items. One rend : ' A large cast-iron wheel, revolving nine hundred times a minute, exploded i.i this city yesterday, after a long and painful ill ness. Deceased waa a prominent thirty - ii-cond degree Mason.' The other paragraph detailed how : 11 John Kandeu, the well-known florist and real estate broker, of Newport, H.I., (lied iu Wardiner and Russell's sugar mill, nt Cry stal Lake, ou Saturday, doing considerable damage to the building and injuring several workmen aeverely.' Ben. Jonson was once requested to revise ?ome proofs full of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and recommended that they should be sent to the home of cor rection, Many anecdotes arc narrated to illus trate tne tact required la dealing with lunatics. Among tbe inmates of an asylum waa a man who was considered perfectly harmlesi, but wbo, haviuy no home, was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. Tbe doctor went oa tbe roof with him one day to sec about rcpuiring it, when the man suddenly turned aud suggested that they should jump to tbe y round together. Im mediately ttie doctor replied : ' Nu, don't let's do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go down and ace if we can jump up.' The lunatic considered tbe point ' well taken,' anil agreed. The head of a private asylum in England was in tbe bath-room watching a number of lunatic* bathe, when one of them called out, ' Let'* duck the doctor 1' and they all took up tbe cry. Seeing his danger, the doctor said at once: 'All right boys; but suppose you give a cheer for htm first.' And the noiae of their cheering brought the keepers to hia rescue. The same doctor was in a room with a lunatic, wbo, by some means, had possessed himself of a aarvinu knife. Tbe lunatic informed him gravely that b* bad been ordained by God to cut him into little pieces, aud, much us he regretted It.he should be obliged to do it. '? Very well,' said thi» doctor j 'of couno, If that 1b tbe case, I shall make no attempt to prevent you ; but I see your knife needs sharpening. Allow me to fetch agrindatonefor you.' And uo objection being raised, tbe quick witted doctor made his escape. Old man (solemnly): ' My young friend, who was mat who just asked you to go and have a drink?' Young man : ' Barney Jones, He'* a friend of mine.' - Old man (with continued solemnity): ' Nay, my young friend, ho is an enemy of yours.' Young man : ' Well, I don't know but what you're right. Bnrncy gave mo twu or ttiree sure things on yesterday's races that made me walk home. You can't tell nowadays, old man, who your friend* are.' One of tbe atrongekt characteristic* ot genius Is the power ot lighting It* own Hie. A remarkable action, in which Pope Leo Xlll. is the defendant, Is nbnitt to lie tried before tbe Civil Tribunal of Mnntriiilcr, near Amelns. Some months ago tue Marohloness de Kesses llellevre died, leaving a will by which she left the bulk of hcrpmperty, real nnd personal, to the Fope. The will it die putcd by the natural heir* of the A-eea«ed ftriy — collaterals— on the ground that tbe Pope, being a spiritual sovereign, cannot acquire property on French loil. 