Tin; L'octors Shook their Heads. ' I would give a million dollars f'»r a stomach,' said a wealthy American recently, how, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but lie was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas (joskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darlcy Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a garaener, out. ue reauy enough to give all he h d for one thing he hadu't got. Here is his story, and he aliall tell it in his own way. Mr. tiaskin goes on to say ; ** Up to eight years ago I had never ioe-t an hour's work through sickness. In December I8S2, whilst living at liecstnn, near Rotting bain, my appetite fcllawuy, 1 h. id dreadful paiu after eatiug, a bad taste iu my niout)., which would till with water an-l slime, the hitter so thick and sticky that I often hfci- to runovu it with my fingers. My chest used to 4 (ill up ' and my throat would swell so i con I n't butt -ti my shirt at the ueck. 1 vomit*. da groat -ieal, chiefly a yellowish -green phlegm. 1 It.ui a racking cough, and would cough -uM t-train till I bled at then'-se, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, «nil was in bed five or six weeks. 4t 1 then went as ojt-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very iittie better. I got so thin that 1 was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. Sol came to Parley Abbey and mv former master gave me an indoor recoonmenaation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. 1 found, however, that all the beds io the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and sIbo two doctons at Derby. The first one said, * 1 ou are in a gal loping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors after soundiog my luogs and chest, said nothing , but shook their heads. 44 (Jetting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds aud some days i worked a little, and then would be away for a few days Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, snmetimes as much as a teacuptul at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fenr the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke into a cold claimny sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing dowo. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. 44 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. 1 was always tired and weary, and sitting or lymg was never at ease and got no real reBt. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. *' The doctor kept on attending me, but }*e said, / can do you no good ; I can only patch yov up, because your lungs are diseased ; I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thine I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22*. a bottle. But I nothing did aoy good, and my friends who came to see me said, 4 We!lt you won't cough much longer you have merely to prepare for another world* ' About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works fn the paper mills at Dirley Abbey, said to me, | ? Tom, did you ever try Mother S°.igeVs Syrup ?' | and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital He spoke so much in praise of this medicine T sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first does I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought th* improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life I oommenced work at once and have oev- r lost a day's work since. 14 Of course my strength did not return all at onoe, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was etrong as ever in my life and hsve continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of ; this remarkadle statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer atl douhtors to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Dsrjey Abbey, who Is acquainted with e 11 the fact* alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darlcy Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered y Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (as one of the doctors thought ), or he wonld have galtuped into his grave in less than three montht r, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronlo in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronio gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms. Kke con ' sumption, for which it Is so often Ignorantly | mistaken and wrongly treated. When the I right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was | used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the i digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of Ids case to all thinking people. 