Agricultural opressilon and Lazi noss. The eternal and inexorable law that the only price of good things is laborhas its application to the subjectof agricultural depression, says President Jordan, of Leland Stanford, jun., University. in an article in a recent number of the Forum. Though the enemy has sown tares in the tax laws whilethe farmer has slept, this alone cannot cause agricultural depression, nor can inordinate pensions, wasteful subsidise, and the tyranny of capital combined, if the farmer himself were not, in some degree, at fault. At any rate, the remedy is in his own hands, and, while striking a blow at the cause of injury, he should look at himself, to see what part of the blame is due to his own weakness and lack of foresight. The " relentless hell" of poverty which, Henry Georgosays, yawns beneath civilsociety, is due to the presence of a hordeof men who would gain something for nothing; the natural penalty for laziness is one of the important ele moents in our so-called agricultural depression. A notion having been spread among country people that the dwellers in towns do not have to work hard for a living, hne caused the farmer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy charge. "While crossing Indiana, on a bright, growing day in April,'. says President Jordan, "I counted forty rfen and boys around therall road station at Cloverdale, where a crate of live chickens was the sole contribution to the train's load. Those were farm boys, who ought to have been at work in the fields, and village boys who might have been doing some thing somewhere. These idlers on the station stepswere embodied ghosts, dead to all life and hope, with only force enough to stand around and gape. At my destination I saw sixty men and boys, who had no need of cures of any kind, because they were already dead, standing on a street corner, listening to the noisy vendor of a rheumatism cure. Most of these were farmers, whoso neglected farms lay bathed in the sunshine, the earth ready to re joice only at the touch of a hoe. Back on the old farm, in Neow York, where I was born, the spot which my father won from the forest, and on which he lived in freedom and independence, knowing no master, dreading no tyrant, he had poorer tools than are now used, poorer build ings, inferior facilities for transportation, lower prices, and uncertain markets; still he knew nothing of agricultural depression. WVhen crops were small, and prices low, he simply worked the harder. I find on that farm, to-day, tenants who barely make a living. I find un pruned fruit trees, wasted torest trees, broken waggons-e-vidonces of wasted time and un thrifty labour." Au old woman in Tennessee expressed a great economic truth in these words: "Poor folks has poor ways." If a man spend a day in the harvest time in efforts to send a fool to the Legislature, or a knave to Congress, should he complainit the laws the fools and knaves make add to his owln taxes? Who but ho is to blame if the laws ostensibly made in his interest simply shift the burden from one of his shoulders to the other? If he stand all day in the public square, spellbound by a tramp with an accor dion, or, still worse, if he lounge about on the sawdust floor of a saloon, talking the vile stuff we agree to call "politics," never reading a book, never thinking a thought above the level of the sawdust foor, need he be surprised if his opinions do not meet with respect ? It is not cheaper money the farmer needs, but dearer men ; men whose time is money, and whoso labor is worth the labor of other men: men who know how to do the best thing in the best way, and can thereby do their part in alleviating "indnstrial de pression." A busy man the oldtime farmer was; and being busy, he found time for every thing. He read bound books; he enjoyed the pleasures of travel; he educated his family ; he kept intelligent watch on all the affairs of the day. He did not find time to stand on the station steps, in the middle of the afternoon, to watch a thousand trains goby, on a thousand consecutive days. He carried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky. He went to the country seat when he had business there; he went with clean clothes. and camne back with a clean conscience. He had not time to spend each seventh day on the court housersquaro, talking the dregs of scandal and politics. 