Sittings, Local and Otherwise. The racehorse Mikado has changed hands once again, and is now owned by Mr. C. Pfitzner. It will not sur- prise us if this horse distinguishes himself at the Katherine at Ohristmas time or in May next. The s.s. Taiyuan left Sydney oh the lQth and is due here about Mond;»y next. The s.s. Hob E-o}' is due from the westward on Saturday. She is advised to leave again on or about Wednesday next, 23rd. The schooner Envy, Captain John Strachan, -left for Sandakau on the 11th. The date of athletic sports has been altered from 24th December to i4th January. The Tsinan is expected ,to leave Sydney for Port Darwin on the 23rd. ?*-' Heavy rains have fallen in .and around Palmerston during the week, .*4>ut. from some of the. country settle- ments reports still arrive deprecating a continuance of dry weather. . A Chinaman died at the ..Hospital o:i Tuesday. On Tuesday night one of tlie employees of Wing Cheong Sing di»d at his quarters in Bennett-street. The latter was buried amidst a small show of pomp and glory. Local invention is always worth- a' paragraph. The latest addition to" the good things manufactured by Mr. A. A. Lewis is a champagne cider, which connoisseurs in teetotal drinks pro- claim to be well worth a trial. South Australia is evidently sotting her back up very much against the importation of stock from other parts of the breeding world. By a resolution passed in the House this week the duty on cattle, sheep, pigs, horses, aurl on dead meat has been heavily increased all round. We learn from Mr. Searcy that the Northern Territory has up to date enjoyed au immunity from these taxes, excepting that referring to dead meat, but it would appear as if the new resolution includes this portion of the province as well as South Australia proper. Up to the time of our going to press we had not been advised of any vessel being on I he way from Hongkong to Port Darwin, and the outlook for those who are waiting to get south is not at all cheering. The last opportunity that offered was the ss Menmuir, 12 days ago ; before another southern bound steamer leaves us ive shall have a. month's mail at least to put aboard. This irregularity and uncertainty with regard to the arrivals and departures of steamers is having a far worse effect on the progress of this country than most people imagine. Mr. Playford is of opinion that pice cultivation is a thing which Europeans will not invest money in. This is altogether fallacious. Let the Govern- ment offer Europeans a little of Horn's celebrated Indian family kindness and provide a central mill when .wanted, and ive can guarantee a few Europeans who would tackle growing this cereal to-morrow. Is it possible that the Government prefer the heavy duties which arise from imported rice to the production of rice within our own territories? Maybe that is how the cat jumps. Mr. T. H. Harwood, who represents mineralogy, «te., in the local director- ate, has lately been conducting some experiments to prove that in some parts of our harbour the waters are covering a gold mine. From one of the numeious reefs which lie within Port Darwin he has obtained1 samples of stone which show trices of gold in pyrites, and lie proposes, to continue his experiments in order to see if this t ace leads to anything better, either j in'he water or onshore. The reef j from which the specimens were taken j i-ins out some distance into the bay ! fom the. neighborhood of Talc Hea.!, and is f^josed at low tide, ' It may be hoped that the thought of ghost or goblin does not come within the learning of the medical profession, for if our esteemed medical officer hap- pened to be at all susceptible on the point we fear very much that Monday's "feast of skulls" must have given Dr. O'Flaherty some sprightly dreams.. It was not one insignificant deceased headpiece this time, but "four parcels containing six skulls," grinning, no doubt, battered and broken, some with hair adhering, and some with scraps off brains, but all showing the murderer's handmark. The doctor's evidence reads like a chapter of battle, whilst the agricultural operations of Constable Holdaway, who resurrected the bodies, reminds us of the disinterment of the Deeming family. Those who cherish any fondness for athletics will find a very nice pro gramme advertised fw the forthcoming, sports meeting. A full meeting ef the Committee, Mr. Hendry in the chair,, was held at the Town Hall on, Wednes- day evening, when the programme and other matters were dealt with. It * was resol\ ed after some discussion to* alter the date previously chosen for the gathering and to fix it for some weeks later, Saturday, 14th January, being, at length definitely chosen. Mr. Price« (lion, see.) intimated that between collections and promises he hail.over £50 for disposal, independent of a trophy from Messrs. P. R. Allen «fe. Co. and another one from Messrs.. Rundle Bros.-a condition of things? which speaks well for the canvassing ability of the new sec. It will be seen that the Committee cut out the funds with no sparing hand. Both the principal events aie for prizes much in excess of those given at the Easter meetiug ; the hurdles, too, carry more money, and very properly so since the number of jumps has been increased to 10 in 120 yards. There is an obstacle race with three prizes, and a race for Club colts 30 years old and upwards,, the prize lining a case of whisky. The only awkward feature of this last event might be the disinclination of niemliers to own up to having passed into the thirties. A margin of funds'has been left for incidental expenses, repairs to the oval buildings, improvements to tlie ground, vfce. Prospects of a good meeting are very bright, and if, the -weather be serene.-a thing not at all likely in the middle of January-this should be one of the best meetings ever witnessed here. Pedestrians will find all needful details by referring to the programme. Judging from our telegrams another good man has got on the wrong side of his finances, and lias had to call his ci editors together to devise a means of meeting the^trouble. As a solicitor" and professional imju 'we don't know very mach of J. I£. Gordon, but as a politician we have watched him with more than casual attention and have found in him many characteristics which we could appreciate. He is, iii, fact, one of the ablest of South'Aus-\ tralian legislators, and it would be a ' great pity if the misfortunes o£_|he pocket should interrupt for any length uf time a Parliamentary "cireer so full ' of promise as Mr. Gordon's. If we construe the al«ence of any further reference to the matter to mean that the appointment of a suc- cessor to ?Jr*. Baggaley is nqt yet fixed in tl)3 minds of the Railway Commis- sioners, we feel rather pleased than otherwise that the thing should be hanging fire. If it is true that the. office of Railway Superintendent in its, combined form carries with it a salary of JÊS00 per annum all we can say is that it is a disgraceful waste of public funda ; for we defy anyone to show how the State receives anything ap-.. preaching value for the money. W& do not suppose for a moment that the office will be filled again except afc^v reduced salary, but is there any real necessity for making an appointment .it all 1 Bearing in mind how severely the public are taxed I y fares ajid, freights in order to keep the finances» of the Hue in something approaching a healthy condition, and remembering how ready the authorities are ta cry out about the failure of our line ta meet its financial engagements, we da not hesitate to say that a return to the. old order of things would be impru- dent, to say the best of it. It has already been shown that the Depart-«. ment is easily workable under the existing regime. Why should there, then, be any need of the elaborate and) expensive embellishments of a Super-, in ten dent's Office 1 It makes us fancy sometimes that we have a Great Pacific or a London, system of railways to deal with. At the Local Court on Wednesday, before E. II. Cukes and .J. Bostockx " Esq, J,P., Wing Cheong Sing sued^S. Russell for 411 5s "6d for goods de- livered. There was no appearance of defendant and a verdict was given for the fu.ll amount. Charlie Flannigan, alias McManus who is accused of the murder of S. Croker, was on Monday morning once, more remanded, the police still having no evidence to bring to bear on the case. The idea of allowing these ad- journments to go on so that the pre- liminary hearing shall come on within, easy distance of the Circuit Court, is useful, no doubt, in keeping down the expenses of the trial, but the principal is not without its dangers. Man, is but a transitory being, " here to-day and gone to-morrow," and the police would look very foolish if some day they discovered that whilst they were tuning justice with the key of economy their principal witness had either died or had migrated beyond their ken. A man nnmed John Martin, alias^ The Orphan, was arrested on Wednes day on suspicion of being concerned in some horse-stealing, operation, at the. Kimberley, W.AT flf was remanded^ ponding negotiations for, his extradition, to Western Australia for trial. For yeara the -world have accepted TVOWE'S KCH\ vprs as the best cordial tou\c! 3,ul ivigaiant in its market, The s.s. Adelaide Mt for the Macarthur river on the 15th. The »nival of Mr. Foelsche with the Bowen SLiaits blackfellows on Satuulay hist caused something of a stir in Palmerston, particularly among the local darkies, who mustered almost to a picaninny iu front of the Police Station to examine their erriug broth- ers and pass appropriate remarks. Of the six men iii custody four are power- fully-built fellows, otic is in appearance rather youngish-looking, while the last (Wandy Wandy) seems-to have aged rapidly since he parted company with the good things which Her Majesty (per medium of the taxpayer) devotes towards the physical nourishment of those who come within the scope of prison discipline. Wandy speaks and understands English as she is spoke in pidgin-English fairly well ; his mates have more of the " myall " about thom. Wandy Wandy manifested mud' con- cern in the proceedings of the Court on Monda}*, seeming eager to make a statement whenever asked if he had any questions to put to witnesses. The spokesman of the crowd, he made a. very poor fist of the responsibility. One of the other prisoners was so iiflected that he went to sleep and nodding up against the door of the dock knocked it opeu, conveying for an instant the startling impression that an escape was in the wind. It will be seen from the evidence that there were six Malays murdered, not five, as originally stated. Inspector Foelsche, believing that there arc a few of the lending conspirators still at large, left on Tuesday to pay a second visit to Bowen Straits. We do not expect much from this expedition, because the natives are sure to be on t'ie alert, and possibly not disposed to j tin their comrades in custody. A Chinaman was sentenced at Pine Creek on Tuesday to imprisonment for one month on a charge of theft. The prisecutor's case ivas that he was given the sum of three shillings for the p irehase of some whiskey for a Euro pïan, jut instead of doing as directed t ie prisoner pocketed one shilling, bought two shilling's worth of whiskey a id watered it to make up for the deficiency in the quantity. It was an ok^ dodge, but Johnny played it on the wrong party. ^RUIAVAY ItuvKMTK-For week .ended November 12th-¡Cl S2. ' . ' 