THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, JUNE 6, 1892 EPITOME OF NEWS. Val. Vousden at tho Town Hall to-night. Council of Agriculture applications must bo sent in to-day. Lecture on "Tho Early English Church" at St. David's schoolroom to-night. St, Matthew's (New Norfolk) parish meet- ing to-night. Next meet of N.T. Coursing Club fixed for the 29th inst. Orpheus smoko concert at Hadley's Rooms this evening commencing at 8 o'clock. Temperance torchlight procession to-morrow night. Madamo Henry's French reunion to- morrow night. Chalmers Church annual social Wodnosday evening at school hall. Weights for Oatlands hack races appear in our advertising columns. Lad namod Burgess suffocated on board cutter Active at Stanley. Slept in cabin with firo pot burning and doers closed down. National Bank half-yearly report pub- lished ; net profit, £8,GC6 4s. 9d. ; dividend proposed, 8 per cent. Mr. Wilkinson's benefit at tho Theatre Royal this ovoninp. A specially attractive bill. New Town Town Hoard-Messrs. J. dark, F. M. Voung, F. W. Piesse, G. Currey, S. H. Burrows, 0. O. Nairn, W. P. Brownell. Queenborough Town Board-Messrs. J. Gregory, 0. W. Butler, W. Batt, A. B. Eck- ford, W. E. Baynton, C. A. Chapman, J. li. Walker. Meeting at St. John's, New Town, on Wednesday evoning of parishioners to resolve how patronage of the euro of tho parish shall bo exercised if necessity arises. Victorian Minister of Works promises employment in a fow weeks for 1,500 men. London prico for tin has advanced to £99 per ton. Tho mail steamer Victoria arrived off the Somaphoro, Adelaide, at 3,40 p.m. yesterday from London. Aboriginal found guilty of murder of a white man in West Australia. Public opinion against the verdict. Victorian revenue for current financial year likely to fall short of Mr. Munro's esti- mate by £750,000. Writ for £10,000 damages issued against Chief Commissioner of Now South Walos Railways for alleged libellous statements. Premier of Now Zealand carofully explains that his Government has hedged about with stringent conditions tho offer of land to " General" Booth. Sir George Groy has doclinod to bring for- ward a resolution in favour of Home Rule in Iroland in the Now Zealand House of Representatives. Tho action, Toohey, M.L.A., v. Melville, Chairman of Committees, for damagos for expulsion from the Now South Walos As- sembly, has resulted in a vordict for the defendant._ In the course of the many discussions on the financial position of these colonies, the collateral question has been raised as to whether their de- velopment is a healthy one. The adverse critics contend that the growth of the towns, and especially of the capitals, is out of any proper proportion to agricultural settlement, and some say that this is the un- healthy result of loans, which have enabled the Governments to keep the artisans supplied with work in or near to the towns. Certainly, the develop- ment of Melbourne and Sydney, not to speak of other places, has beeu the theme of many a colonial as well as many a home dissertation, and in Vic- toria especially there has been, if there is not now, a party which has contended that the Go- vernment expenditure in Melbourne has been not only unduly large, but most injurious and unfair, as it has tended to attract population to the city from the country districts. We think, however, that this does not explain the wonderful progress that Melbourne has made, but that it is due ,to quite other causes-cause» which are in operation in many parts of tho world. Tho wonderful increase of London ¡tsolf, which is the marvel of modern times, might lead our critics to study the matter ti little moro deoply, because that ia not due to any one of the causes to which the increase of the cities of Australia is so positively ascribed. If [wo can trust Mr. John Bunns, the Socialist member of the London County Council, that city is destined to new and marvellous developments, which will render it much moro favour- able to the working-classes than it is at the present time, and so make it moro attractive than now, although it may bo compared to a social magnet which attracts all the loose, particles to it with great force and absolute continuity. Mr. Bohns'cry is, " Let London live," and it is one which finds many a response in the minds of other persons. Even the Loudon Spectator, a paper given to much moralising, in speculating on tho growth of London and what might happen to the peoplo there if the railways wero blocked for a single weelc, admits that the residents of Cobbett's "hugo wen" are fairly well off, and that the aggregation of a vast population in a city does not appear to produce the ill effects which were à priori »upposed. And, this is what we must say of Melbourne, and tho other capitals of these colonies. Despite occasional periods of unemployed, the fact appears to be plain that the people in these cities are fairly well off, and what is more, wo may conclude that if they wero not they would not stop in them. It may be that the modern developments of life are not so sound as the ancient, when agreaterpvo portion of the people of a nation lived on and by the soil, but it cannot be denied that these developments are the outcome of what we call progress. We have, for example, to bear in mind that many industries which used to be domestic ones are now carried on in factories, thus directly leading to the aggregation of ai town population. The ancients could not so much as imagine a woman who did not know how to weave, for even Helen, who is said to havo caused the Trojan war, and Cikce, who bewitched the companies of Ulysses, aro de p'cted as both being excellent at the making of beautiful cloth of various kinds. Our British forefathers did their spinning and weaving to a con- siderable extent at home, and when weaving was a separate industry it was carried on in the houses of the weavers. Machinery has changed all this. Production lias been cheapened, England is supplying many parts of the world with the products of the loom, and thus wo have, from this one cause alone, apart from many cognate causes, a vast town population, which in many respects bIiows signs of physical degeneration, although the average of general comfort is higher than in the olden days. Similar causes are, of course, at work in these colonies. The aim of a large and dominant party has been to create the very industries which cause the aggregation of town popula- tion, and especially the aggregation in a capital on the sea-board, and they have had the appioval of Carlyle. It is curious, and worthy of some consideration, that he who denounced modern industiial developments so heartily and so constantly, should have approvod of the colonies doing the very thing which must lead to the state of society which he despised. The fact shows how hard it is to see the ultimate results of any course of action in relation to society, for when wo think that wo are producing one state of affairs we are very apt to bring about quite another. No one, we think, who cares to study this ques- tion, will be surprised to find a similar movement in the colonies to what is going on elsewhere. In Franco, for example, where small farming has been carried to its utmost extent, the com- plaint is to-day that the tendency is to the cities, even though the population of the country actually shows a decrease. In the United States, where there is a rapid increase in the population, and where farming is carried on in all sorts of ways, the same tendency is visible, and the ratio of the urban to the country population is steadily growing. We might cite a host of similar facts from various parts of the world, from which we cannot but con- clude that what we see is the result of a cause which' is everywhere in opera- tion. That ' cause we take to be modern industrial development, which actually necessitates the prosecution of manufactures on a large scale, with the aid of costly machinery. It is not true, however, that the colonies have neglected the cultivation of the soil, or failed to turn their land to account. 'The rush for land in most of the colonies has been great although it must be admitted that cultivation has not kept pace with selection. It has been found, too, cnai enere is a cenaency io cue iorma tion of farms of a considerable size, because in most parts of the colonies small farming cannot at present be made to pay. Whether the land colo- nies of which we now hear so much will be failures or successes remains to be proved, but it may be predicted, we think, that there will be a tendency to amalgamation of holdings, because of the advantages which are gained by the cultivation and the grazing of larger arears. In the meantime, it may be as well to remind our critics that the cultivation of the land is progressive, and shows no tendency, on the whole, to decline. In some cases, in fact, the increase in the area under cultivation is re- markable. For example, in 1861 Victoria had but 410,406 acres in cultivation, and in 1890 she had no less than 2,031,955 acres. In New South Wales the increase has not been nearly so great, but in South Aus- tralia we find that in 1861 the number of acres cultivated was 400,717, whereas in 1890 it was 2,093,515. Taking the whole of Australasia we find an increase during the period taken from 1,308,076 acres to 7,066,398 acres, a fact which is worthy of more attention than it has received. In the same period the land under permanent artificial grasses in- creased from 173,144 acres to 7,790,872 acres. These figures show that as regards the agricultural use ol' tho land alone, apart from mining, our wealth is not due to loans but to ( quite other and more substantial j causes. I "TlîK jnry found that tho deceased was accidentally killed by tho coming in contact with a wiro carrying an olectrio eurront, in effort to save anothor man who was in contact with the samo wiro. Thoy also found that thora was in blame attached to any person in connection with tho lighting," This was tho verdict given in the olectrio light fatality recently occurring in Mel- bourne, and which involved the question of tho liability of tho Australian Electric Light Company. A wiro belanging to tho company had falleu from -an insulator, whether through brcakago of the binding material from fair wear and tear, or from sudden . action of lightning, Ima not been nudo olear. One witness said " A thunderstorm was raging. A heavy iksh of lightning carno. Instantly tho box on the telegraph post displayol a tremendous eloolrio light, and thoro was a hissing noise. Directly a'torwards tho Uno fell, and as it lay on tho pavement a spark carne from it." Expert evidence showod.thcre were no marks of lightning on the pole or box, and tho inferenco was that by minns of a looso tie wiro a short circuit w«b established without any carelessness or lack of supervision. Tho disaster following this incident was peculiar. One man, not employod by the company, commenced to coil up tho loose wiro to put it out of harm's way but found himself subjeated to a shock from the current still boing sont along tho wire from tho dynamo cngino at head quarters, whioh shock throw him to tho ground, and ho was unable to rolcaso his hands. Another min oaught hold of lum to pull him away and instantly fell dead. Ho was in a diseased stat«, and tho current was sufficient to kill him, though it pissed through tho first man, who was healthy, and did him no harm, beyond causing momentary pain and helplessness. Expert evidence showed that electrical work in the colonies is better than in America, though not so good as in England whtre no wires aio allowed to be suspended, except under stringent conditions ; and it appears that legislation is desirable in regard to tho con- trol of electric light and power, though not necessarily on Buoh sovcro lines as the English Act. What seems still moro neces- sary is the education of the publia as to tho danger of meddling witii electric wires under any circumstances without adopting simplo safeguards. The broken wire under notice carried a current of electricity equal to 150 volts, the end was flashing fire, and yet a casual speotator had the temerity to haul away the slack and commence coiling it up with his baro hands. He imagined, he stud, that "sho was shut off," and ho did not understand the warning conveyed by the spark of electricity still flashing from tho broken end._ It haa been said that the man who desires public applause must not be much in udvanoo of general opinion, or much behind it. This axiom seoms to apply very olosely to tho subject of Federation, at least io far as the opinion which wo have oxpieBsed in regard to tho way to bring it about goes, Possibly, wo will hardly venture to Bay probably, it may be remembered that wo have pors:stently contended that tho persons to deal with this great subject of Federation were not tho politicians, suoh ns thoso to whom it had boen confided, mainly because they nearly all of them had ends of their own to servo, so that Föderation might be sacrificed to local and personal aims, or beset aside altogether while political interests woro being made] the paramount consideration, The experience which we have had is amply tufliciont to allow that the subject has been set aside for political reasons, ovon by Sir Henry Parkes, who failed to deal with the question in Parliament, when ho had ampio timo and opportunity, but kept it back to serve his own ends. Ho ia, we see, now quoted as one who desires to remove the subject from the power of the politicians, aud is much commended therofor by The Times in tho last number whioh has reached this colony. If The Times was but able to grasp ull tho facts, as we ure ia these oolonics, it would, probably, not find much to say in favour of the diainteroetednCBsof Sir Henry in making his change of front, for it would know that the chango has only been made when nircumslauccs havo provented Sir Henry keeping the question of Federa- tion in abeyance to uso when it might suit his convenience to do so. Possibly, too, The Times, if it did but understand tho case, might call attention to the fact that the fail uro of the politicians wub pro dieted not only in at loast one oolonial paper, but in an English periódica', the writer pointing out that tho way pro- posed was altogether unstated to tho work to bo done. The Times now says : "ScriouB attention ought to bo given to tho suggestion that a now Convention should be summoned, to bo elected by popular vote, and that to this Convcution should be re- ferred the whole quoation," The Times is further of opinion that it is doubtful whether " tho Parliaments of any of the Australian colonies, hampered as they are day after day by a multitude of local questions, will over be able to find time to discuss a question of such moment." In this our contemporary is] wrong. There is no difficulty in finding timo to discuss Federa- tion, but the real [difficulty Hcb in the hopelessness of expecting such a question to b3 fairly and exhaustively disousscd by a lot of louai politicians, each with his o\\)n end to serve. Moreover, if each Legislatura is to bo allowed to amend, and not meroly accept or reject, it is obvious that there is no prospect of finality, but that the whole business will bo " in endless mazes lost." It is gratifying, howevor, to Bee some gllmpeo of tho truth being oaught even though we huvo to go bo far as Loudon to witness the phenomenon. Tim two Town Board elections which took placo on Saturday aro, on the wholo, satis- factory. Thoy show that much intercut is being taken in local affairs, which is a good sign, and wo can only hope that tho now bodies will work hard lo mako the many im- provements that are required. The field of work in both places is a largo ono, and all that is required can only bo done by degrcCB, but there is much room for many improvements which can bo made, and without the extra taxation, of which bo many profess to be afraid. At Queenborough thcro was a great deal of feeling shown ag the state of the poll became known, tho Inhabitants of that quiet placo being startled with rounds of cheers and counter oheers, mixed with crios of various kinds. Possibly, hat-makers may reap profit from the zeal displayed, which wai, however, quite com. mendablo on the whole. The result of the polling is, that both sides have got some of their mon in, so that those who professed to dread extra taxation will be able to keep a check on the men wilo were said,. though nobody believed it, to have deep designs ot plunging the ratepayers Into a sea of debt, in which they would perish miserably. The result of tho poll also shows that tho services of old members havo met with recognition, as is but right and proper, so that we may fairly say that all's well tint ends well. Let us hope that the Board will go to work and do ita best for tho district, which is u rapidly rising one, butwants tho h»lp of ¡ntolligcnt and progressive administration. Council ok AuniCDLTtmii.-Applications for the position of secretary to the Council of Agriculture must bo sent iuto the Presi- dent of tho Council (Mr. W. li. Shoobridge) addressed to tho Treasury by to-day. The Council will meet next Thursday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, to make a selection from amongst the applicants. CortnEsroNnr.NOE.-Wo have received a numbor of luttera, mainly on tho subjects of the Museum nud Sunday concerts, for vvliio'i wo aro quito unable to find room in full. Wo eau only, therefore, indicate their general tenor. " A Lady Visitor " thinks that tho Curator of tho Musoutn is too often abeont to attend properly to his business, and is also of opinion the assistant's very steady and useful work docs not roccive proper appreciation and rccognit'on. Tho sama writer suggests that " the präsent apology for a pioturo-gallcry " should bo close:), and tho room lie used for museum rcquiromcuta, "Fair Play" holds tlut " linlogiat " might have well defended the curator without attacking tho bettor manage- ment of his prodoocssor. In tho latter'» day tho Government subsidy was hardly enough to pay tho salary, and the Museum had only two rooms. Now the institution has £500 a year and two assistants. " A Stitoh in Timo Saves Nino " defends his viow of tho Sunday concerts, und contends thut only a fow items of Baorcd music havo been of lato introduced. Ile also insists that tho behaviour of some who attend is unseemly, und th it the concerts do no good. "City Biiidsiiian" defends tho concerta at con- siderable length, pointing out that only two cases of disorder cun bo bIiowii in tvvolvo months, and those only Bilah as nvght havo occurred at a religious meoling. Ho quotes the opinion of a police officer, to tho offcot that thero is nothing to complain of, whilst the quostion of sacred music is one which admits of much difference, of opinion. Tho members of the City Band take their wivos and sisters to these concerts, so that they aro not likely to wink at any improper conduct. " Saves Nino " calls upon our objecting cor roapondont to define vvhiit is saorod music, and wuntB to know wlicther all muaio played is first to bo submitted to the Salvation Army. " Progress" thinks that the concerta do good, as thoy induco youths to liston to good music instead of hanging about strcot corners. " Practical " ualls attention to tho piuco of entcrtainmont in Eliy.abeth-B'rcot, uud asks if any provision is mado for tho safoty of tho public. Suumamne Caiile Reckiits.- Tho grusa recoipts of the Tasmanian and Victorian Submarino Cabio Company for tho mouth oi May, 1892, are as follows :- Paid iu Tas- mania, £050 6s 3d.; do. in oolonios, £552 17s. lOd. Tho receipts of the corresponding month of last year woio :-Paid in Tasinuniu, £1,042 13s. 2J.; do. in colonies, £89!) 3s". Oil. Tho respectivo totals aro-Muy, 181)1, £1,941 10s. lid.; Moy, 1892, ¿1,212 4*. Id. Messages, 12,138 ai.d 8,058 respectively. Tho receipts show a considerable falling otT, but May, Juno, and July, 1891, wore the hoavieat receipts for any mouths in that voir, and, in faot, tho largest over tuken. 1'ho comparison therefore is hardly a fuir one, as in the present ca«o almost tho heaviest month ia placed apaiust au ordinary dull month. A fairer comparison ia that of 1890, which show a difference of £127 11s. in favour of tho present year. Cocoa Mandkactuku. - Methods of advertising ure multiform, and the devising of a row " trap to citoh a sunbeam " baa become a science Mess«. Cadbury und Co., tho cocoa manufacture«, par excellence, have been fertile in device and prompt in action in this respect, and no (loutit uro winning a wtll merited reward. Their litett plan for tflectivo advertising is the publica ion, at a considerable cost, of a work, on yellow covir form, on ti tied, "AH About It," and which is the only complete history of cocoa and its manufacture hitherto published, and fully Beta forth the real position cocoa at present ocoupics as a food product. The works of Meters. Cadbury aro roforred to for the purpoie of illustrat- ing the superior methods of E glish manu- facture in contrast with tho methods of adulteration and harmful chemical treat- ment practised by foroign nuketp. Tho illustrations given aro numerous and well executed, and apart from its spécifie value, as au exponent of the excellence and per- fection of Messrs. Cadbury's wares, the book is in itself a vuluablo medium ii education. St. Mary's Catiikdai-.- The Whitsunday servioei at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday were aptclally interesting and impressive. The Rov. Father O'Reilly celebrated the 11 o'clock mass, and preached an eloquent sormon on the descent of the Holy Ghost on tho Apostles, The mouth of Juno being dedicated to tho Sacred Heart, the Sacred Heart altar was beautifully decorated with light) and flouera, tho work of chu sisters of the Presentation Convent. Tho choir, under the direction of Mr. J. R. McCann (organist) performed Mozart's 12th Mass, and tho ansisunoii rendored by Miss HcnriqueB was very valuable. This lady sang tho principal solos in the Mass, and her rich full soprano voice filled the immense building with the beautiful music of Cherubim's "Avo Maria," and Mozart's " No. 1 Agnus Dei." There was a very large congregation, members of all denominations being attracted by the special sorvico, and the announcement that Miss UenriqucS would sing with the choir. V.M.C.A.-No room again Ut late corners on ¡saturday evening. Hall packed fpr Gospel temperance meeting, Rev. J. Gray in the chair. Ecarncst temperance address on Gcspol lines ; na success without Divine grace. Singing and recitation attraotiro as usual. Young ladies signing pledge card to give courage to bashful young men. Large attendance last night at the evangelistic service iu the rooms, and the j) Town Hall full for tho popular services, Mr, J no. Macfjrlano in tlic chair. Sacred solo, " The better land," well Bung by Mr. G. G. Meredith, Mr. Reilly picBldiug atthoorgan. Religious astronomical address by Mr. A. Ireland, winding up with an address on " God's wondrous condescension to wrostlo with mun for his salvation." The Rov. C. H. Talbot also spoke, chiefly on the " All sufficiency of Christ's merits and righteous- ness for all who repont." New Town Litejiaiiy and Debating Sboietv.-The usual meeting of this Society was held on Friday ovemng last in tho Independent schoolroom. Tho room was -h cn_.i _.:.i.-1_"._ "",i ":0!f^r" M" well 'filled with members and visitors. Mr. S. H. Burrowa took the chair. Tho subject for tho evening was a debate " Aro sen- sational novels injurious?" Messrs. Rattlo and Kelly affirmed that thoy wcro injurious, Mensrs. Wright and Cockhcad took the negative side, and gave it as their opinion that sensational novols of tho present day uro not injurious. Tho Rev, Cunningham, Messrs. \V. Browncll, Downie, Bailey, Smith, and Hurst took part,in'thediacu8Bion, which proved very interesting. ' 'Mr. H. Birrott was oleoted a member. Mr. W. Browncll was elected chairman for tho next meeting, whon tho debate on "Has'the stage a demoralising »fleet?" will como before tho members. The . usual voto , of thanlcB to tho chairman concluded tho meet- ing. [Our correspondent omits to mention how the discussion on "NovcIb" ended.] ' Tenders Accepted.- The following ten ders have been accepted for public works : Road-Oys'.or Covo to Gordon (deviation at Doyle's), coutraot7, C. S. Hart, £84 13s, Od. Road-Woodstock to Sandfly Settloment, contract 1, B. Harrison, £21 17s, Cd. Road | -Piper's River Railwaystation to Undir wood Bridgo, contract 2, i*. Reid, £01 4s. 2d. Roads-Parishes of Cam and Soabrook, contract 40, fiom Mount Hicks road to selections of Mesara. Pitt and others, R. Mooro and Co., £100 lus. 4d.; oontracl48, from Mount Hicks road to seloctioua of Mcasts. Anderson and Stevenson, R, W. Ellis, £G2 7s. 4d. Roads, Port Cygnet dis- trict - Road through Messrs. Edwards', Burtons', and Richards' land to Huon River, contract 21, A. Kiug, £11 lGs. Gd. State school and teacher's residence Rosevale (near Westbury), erection of, J. Gowans, £313. Tlie tender of \V. Flaherty, for con- tract 4, road, Eccleston via Cormiston to back settloment, is cancelled, The Early English Church -Dean Dundas is to deliver a lecture ou " Tho Early English Church" in St. David's Sunday school-room, Harrington and Vic" toria streets, this evening, The Bubjcct is one full of interest to all sorts and condi tiona of mon, and as udmiarion is free a laigo audienco should meet the Dean at 8 o'clock. Sr. Matthew's, New Norfolk. - A meeting of mcmbors of the Church of Eng- land, residing within the parish of St. Matthew's, at Now Norfolk, is to bo held in the Sunday schoolroom at 8 o'o'ock this evening. The business is to decide how the patronage of the cure shall be vested. Sondav Concerts.-Yesterday there was an abundance of musical entertainment In the form which has become popular among a largo section of Hobart citizens. The City Bind gavo two concerte-one in the Barraok Roserve in the afternoon, and another in the evening in the Exhibition-building. Tho Garrison Band performed in the afternoon at the Botaniral O uni ena. Both outdoor per- formances were well attended considering the chilly state of the weather. At tho Town Hall in the afternoon Professor Hughes gave au organ recital, and hymns wero sung, There was a crowdod attendance at the Exhibition-building in the evening. Citv Pomob Court.-Mr. S. H. Burrows, J.P., presided at this Court on Saturday, when John Hawkes waa charged with having attempted to commit suicido in his houso in Molvilio-strcot on Eriday night, by cutting his throat with a knife On tho application of Superintendent^ Pedder acoused was ro rounded till Thursday. Jumes Kilpatrick, for having boen drunk and iacapablo at New Town on Friday night, was fined 5s., or in default, levon daye in prison. MIRTH, Mosio, MiMiom - Mr Val. VouBdon, who oomos with a good rej ^'ation as a miinio, character delineator i, even ti ikquiat, íb to appear at ti o low fanh evonmg Ho announces a refined cm«.ltaui meut ontitlcd "Mirth, MubIj, and Mimuuy," which it Ia said is vory clover and uk,cr oating As a man ot letters, art, and cul turo, Jamos Russoli Lowell is known by evory lovor of literature Mr Val Vousdcn relates a little iiiPidunt about him Mr VoiiBdcn win on ona occasion reciting a favounto ploco of bia called the "Night maro," at a aociul in Amonen, at which Mr Lowell, who was present, ohtcrcd lum, und (unshod up with "good, iciy Rood, tho p coo is worthy of a bettor ending lo ni^lit it will be given with just tho enmo ending, anil no doubt all who rio prosont will agree with Mr Lowell During tho ovening Mr Vuusdcn will roo to a soi no from Rkhurtl tin Third, giviug an imitation of Mi G C MiIu'r voieo and Mr Henry Irvings aotion Mi Vousdcn claims to givo an entirely onginal entcrtaiumoiit, every item on the programmo will be entirely now to tho Hu art public Mr Cumpbill, a young English actor and elocutionist, »ho is also vv nilling ronown na a reciter, will mukc lus Gist appearance furo in toujiiiiotion with Mi Voutdon The entortainmont will lie undtr the patronage of His Lxoollenoy tho Governor and Lady 11 multan Hie plan of leserved seats ia at Suamans iHEATKfc RovAr -Hie Gaiety Company continuo to do good business at tholliculro Royal On Saturday night, when a mieccl I neous programmo was submitttd there was a good attendance, and all present secmod to bo hiçhly delighted with the nor formanco It opone \ with the comedy Na al Unqagemtnls, wluoh wont smoothly, the ridiLulous situations and umusing dinloiuo eau nig no end of fun 'ibu second part cou sietcd of a musical olio, lu which the versa tile accomplishments of tho mimbora of the ot nipuny wore chown to advantage, and were much enjoyed by tho audience lo nirjit tho favourite comedian, Mi Jamos Wilkiu son, takes his benefit Ho is a first class actor of hil class, and to him is due a good deal of tho credit for the Buceesa of the season, such as it has beon Hiern should, therefore, bo a bumper houto Musical -At tho invitation oi Mrs Traulbim Trycr a number of ladies anil g i tlemen, including Lady Hamilton, uttrnded a muaicul evening, at St Davids schoolroom on Saturday The room Has comfortably filled Among the paiformois wero the Arnold Stung Quartotto consisting of MesBrs Aruol t, Dillon, Mulcahy, nnil I'ryor Mr J W Coull also sang The Indies assisting wero Mosdamos Lovett and Tiunthim Fryer, and Misses Mornsby and Roper The oouocr. was 11109t enjoyable, almost every item on the programme waa a cUasio one. Il Shooting Match at Bellerive - A li pigeon shooting match under the direction 1 f Air. F. J. VVurd took placo at Bellerive I on saturday afteinuon. There were largo I entries, and the shooting as a rule waa good. If In the TrUl Stakos u. Ward, 23yds,, and IJ \V, Gaffney, 25yds., were equal, killing four l| birds eaoh, and divided the stake of £4; Kf Tho principal ovent was a handicap for £18, 6 divided into tlirec prizes of £10, £5, aud ? £3. It resulted au follows:-J. Webb, 29>ds., 14 birds without a mias, L; W. Gaffuoy, 25yda , 13 out of 14, 2 -, J. Jarvis, IS out of 17, 3. Eighteen marksmen took pare ia this match. A 10s. sweep followed, tho conditions being one barrel at 22yd». H. Hayton was first with threo birds without a mis., and iV. Wylio second with threo out of five. French Reunion.-It is announced that tho next reunion will be held to-morrow night in the Masonic Hull, whon Madame Lucien Honry will read a piptr on "Tho odvcition of woman by tho mother," show- ing its influeuco on tho individual and oa society. This subject is oxeiting much in- terese at the prosent time, and the iliscu« sion will bo of special importaneo to all who are interested in the much-douatcd question of woman's proper sphere of duty in the world. From the amount of thought and study which have been displayed un previous discussions, it may be anticipated that tho prisent subject will bo carefully and capably dealt with. I Smoke Concert, - A subscribers' smoko concert is to bo given by tho Orpheus Club this ovenlng at Hadlcy'a rooms. The pro grammo arranged is a very good ono, and will doubtlesH draw a gold attendance. Fxi'Losio f in a Tobacconist's Sitor. Au explosion of a peculiar character took placo lust week in thu tobacconist's shop of Mr, Alexander, Swanston- strcet, Melbourne. It appears that what is termed slbo-earbon is burnt in tho shop for tho purpose of puri- fying tho gas. A bowl is kopt under a heat condition. In this bowl tho cwbon is placed. This morning waa the usual morn- ing for charging tho bowl with fresh carbon. le should bo explained that the reflection of the gas from the heat conductor fuses the carbon into a liquid state, and it thus causes the gua to burn with greater purity and bril.ianae. Tho boy who placed the carbon in the bowl accidentally dropped a email non pin in it. Mr. Honry Nicholls, who is employed in tho shop, sttuck a match over ilia bowl to look for the iron pin. The result was u loud explosion, and Mr. Nicholls was scorched about tho fauo, and his right eye was somewhat hurt by tho explosion, _. Nature's Horrors.-The surgeons of tho University Hospital at Philadelphia have a curious caso on their bunds just now. A Uindoo, born Bomo 20 years ago in the vii lugo of Oovou, in Oudh, is anxious tobo relieved from the twin sister who from his birth has been most closely attached lo him in tho most literal sonso of tho torm. By a strango freak of nature Laloo Rim- H pras8ad Mullaroo waa bom with hia twin H sister growing from his broastbone. W To all appearance she seemed to havo fl p'unged hoad first into her brother's body, H lor dangling from his client was only to be H seen tho body mid four limbs of n baby girl. la To dayLalooiaatull.woll-proportionedyouni» | man, healthy and intelligent, and his abnor- mally decapitated sister is a living human body noarly half his sizo, fed by his mouth I und living by his tissue. The doctors at J tho Philadelphia Hospital have been caro- | fully oouBidciitig tho feasibility of snell an .J opeiatiou, as Laloo not unnaturally desires to havo performed, but their opinionup to the present timo is rather to tho effect that tho unlucky Laloo can only bo released from his Cerriblo burden at the cost of his life. Rain-making "Asl'i.n Price List."-A Kansas correspondent sends to tho New Ymk limes lha first report of tho local rain market. Two syndicates aro already re- ceiving the prico of future rain. " Tiial rliins cuu bo had for £120. Counties can buy the patmt outright for £500, of course on the understanding that wet weither is to bo confined to theil- own area. Showers aro offered singly at COO ( dollars to tho inch. Thomas and < Choyciino Counties, to which naturo has ' never quite givon satisfaction, think of transferíing their ontiro custom toona of tho syndicates, which odors all tho rain needed at 1 per cout, an acre. Thoso are better turma than Mclbourno, tho firBt inventor, offered. It is natural, for the patent has cost tho syndicate nothing. Mclbourno went off Homo timo siuco to Mexico, to a mountainous district, whore he is said to bo perfecting his invention in solitude, lu his absenco tho sccrot lias boon stolen by tho companies. At least thoy profess to havo dona so, but tho New Yoi h Times boliovoB thom innocent, and they do not stem to have actually produced any of the stolon properly in Kansas iteilf, All thoy do thero is to Boll BhareB, contract for tho supply of min, and reoeivo favour- able telegrams from tboir agents in distant states. Ono day they reçoive news that an official of their own has scored an inch and a half of rainfall under great disadvantages among thu foothills of California, Noxt day it ia a downpour in Arizona, Tho com- panies confide tho good news to their clients, and tho shares go up. Tho Californian deluge raised thom to par. Ono gool shower in Kansas ittelf would put them at o premium, _ m " DlSlTEARANOK OF A " LAOIE3' TAILOR, - A warrant has boen issjed In Molbourno loj tho arrest of an Austrian uamsd Alfr o Habyl on a oha-ge of false pretenoes. J« uppears that Habyl represented himself a» manager for his wife, Madame Habyl, who wa« dsBoribed as a "ladies' tailor,' and carried on business In Redfern Houbo, situated on the "blook " in Collini-Btreet Habyl seoured £2 from Mlis Ada Smith for tho making of a dress, but lie has dis- appeared, and Miss Smith has not only lost her money, but also her dress materinj. Madame Habyl's establishment was well stocked, but on Mouday last tho caretaker, notioing something susplolon», acquainted tho City Property Co., who own the pre- mises, Inquirioa wore made, and Madsme Haybl's establishment wa« found to i>° deserted, tho whole of the stook having boen quiotly removed. Tho Haybls owod rout to I tho total of £44, and the company am} f numorous othors aro left lamenting. 8iver.il > persons aro said to havo been victimisod, dud thoy liavo not taken action. One lady named Mies Montgomery paid Haybl £13 tor a costumo, but thero was something wrong about tho fit, and it was sont uaok lor altera- tions. Mis Montgomery has not since nea cither tho money or tho dress. Soma *»«» do/.on young womon wore employed on too premises, but they have not been p»ld their i last week'« wagei. A House without Flush.-Tho lions of Royal Pink, Molliourno, uro ii bit danny in their v»ay. Tho Herald remarks i-An in ciU'«"»'15Q) Thursday proved thnt the oaio toVrlra have to study tho appetites of Leo. I'crhnp« previous expurlouoo had led thom to Uko the stand thoy did. A policcm.tn from Eist Melbourno on tho previous ovening noticed a very small and extra pool-conditioned horno attached to u big ant lulen with about a quurtor of n ton of potatoes. The animal could scai eely wuik, much less draw the load, and tho policeman arrested the driver for oruolty The facts wero narrated to the Bench, who ordered that tho horso should be destroyed, and finrd tho driver £1. A group of solicitors outside the Court cheered on tfio departuro of tho bony horto in churlo of the conatnblo, who was clearly uncomfortable lest his charger should tumbía on him nt any moment The policeman at once sought the less frequented thorough faicB betvvoon tho lock-up »nil tho Royal Park, which he reached in duo couran Hero lie approached tho o-iretailers with his primo 'oss for tho lion's dinners. But ho was dis- mayed to loam that while people of the Old World were cultivating a tusio for horse- flesh our Victorian lions would turn up their noses at it-leastways at the specimen which was brought forward. Thoy viewed it in very much the »arno light as nn epicure views the poultry ut some of the public tliiincir, being evidently of the opinion that it had been too long on tho rouda to prove choice eiting. 'Tuko him aw.iy,' aaid tho oaretakeis; 'there's uot enough on him to feed a dingo, lot alone a lion,' and tho long constable with tho small, fkslilcss horne stole thoughtfully to East Melbourne, and there eliot it." Dike Events nu»! Little Causis.-A cucumber seed is a meru trillo in itself, but it uif y bo productive of much sadnoes and troublo, as hua been demonstrated in America The Department of Agriculture tlietc, with a view to encourage tillers of the soil to improve the quality of their pro- duce, distributes seeds of now und improved varieties of plants. In this way, Mr, Pang bom, of Vormillioa, South Dakota, received some seeds of un impiovcd cucumber. The seeds germinated, and in due oourao cucumbers were formed. They must havo been very tempting in appearance as Mrs, Pungboni, so it is recorded, " sliced four of them in vinegar, and ate the lot before going to bed.'" Tho sad scquot to tho Gargantuan feast was that Bite died, Tho widower is ovidontly a philosopher. He has written to tho Sccrotu.y fir Agricultuii), saying, " Your cucumbers robbed mo of my I wife. So, iustcud of sending me cucumber seed this spriug, send mu another wife." The Hon. J. M. Ru-k replied, expressing the keenest sympathy with tho bereaved farmer, and regietting that he had no ap- propriation on which to draw for the cost of seeding Mr. Pmicborn another wife ; but, he adds, " you may visit tbe depart- ment and state your case to the ladies em- ployed ' thero, and one ot them may take ' coirpassion on you." Whether or not he acted on this kindly suggestion is not reported. The case (says the J Melbourne Standard) may act as a warning to the. head of the Viatonan Department of Agriculture. Suppose some lady were to summarily call upon upon him to rcpUee her husband gone before owing to a touching confidence in ono of the products recom- mended by tho Vegetable Products Commis- sion 1 A Bio and Rapio Star.-Dr. Elkin, formerly of the Cape of Good Hopo, but now astronomer of Yule University, has been engage i in a long and pitient series of observations on the parallel of the mighty star Arcturus. Ho has reached the conclu- sion that Arcturus is moving with tho almost inconceivable velocity of 381 miles a necond, equivalent to the distance between New York and Chicago in lesa than three seconds. Tho earth, in its journey around the sun, makes the fairly good timo of 1,500,000 miles a day, in round figures, but tho gigantic Arcturus travels twenty-one times faster than the earth. It would seem that, since Arcturus is thousands of times larger than our sun, the old ad is not without exceptions. Tho timo of Arcturus is the fastest, so far as is known, of any of the celestial bodies. Tho nearest approach to it was mude by the comet of 1843, which whirled around the sun, in perihelion, at the rato of 1,260,000 miles an hour. Arcturus, in his regular all-year gait, boats the record-his timo por hour being 1,371,00» miles. Cruel-hkartkd Robders.-Advices from Holidaysburg describe a terriblo outrago which took place there. John Daly, ex. colonel of the army, and a venerable and wealthy farmer, waa supposed to have in his house a largo sum of money, and it was this booty which tompted the robbers and drove them to extremos. Seizing the oppor tunitywhen atl tho hands had gono out of the -f.houso [for the evening, threo masked ? men entered tho houso, closed the door, and confronted Colonel Duly in his sitting-room. * They demanded tho money, und ho refusod, even at tho point of their pistols, to give it up. Thoy then tried to force him to reveal its whereabouts by torture. They bound him, stabbed him in the neck, hold a lamp under his car, but all without avail. Thoy then threatened to put out his eyes, but the Colonel remained obdurate. Thoy finally loft him insensiblo, und ransacked the house, but failed to find tho treasure. Daly will loso his oyeBight. Miss Janet Achurch's Tour.-Miss Janet Achurch has been giving a representa- tive of the Pall Mall Gazette an account of hor tour round tho world with the Charring- ton Company and A Doll s House. During the three years they were away Miss Achurch considers that most success was achioved in Auckland, N.Z., where they stayed a month. In Western Australia, on the other hand, they were more kindly received than at any other place. They were the first English company which had ever visited the colony, and the event was regarded as one of so much public im- portance that the Governor, Premier and Government met Miss Achurch and her col- leagues at the station. In Brisbane and Sydney objection was taken on moral grounds by the Acting Governor of Queens- land and Lady Jersey respectively to the performance of the play. The absence of support in high places does not, however, seem to have much affected the success of the company (writes the Home News), That Ibsen should have any great in- terest for healthy-minded countrymen is a little strange, but a visit was paid to a dozen of the smaller Australian towns, and the bushmen seem to have enjoyed the play immensely, " I am glad," says Miss Achurch, "that the piece held them wonderfully from beginning to end. Our chief difficulty was in getting them out of the theatre after the final fall of the curtain. They did not, or could not, appreciate the 'note of interrogation.' They continued to sit in their seats, saying that it was impossible that the play could be over, and added that they intended to wait patiently until it came to an end. There have been times when we have almost had to remove them by force." The Eucalyptus in France.-The eucalyptus is declared to bo tho most valuable tree introduced into Franco, and its cultivation ia rapidly extending in the southern departments. Its bark is in groat demand by the French tanners. Its iib: cb arn employed in tho making of mats and baskets, cordage, packing and blotting paper, and filters, A resinous substance is extracted from it by distillation, which is known in commerce as vegetablo nuptha. An illuminating oil is obtained from it which affords a brilliant light, without smoke and without odour. Fragrant essences aro distilled from its flowers. Its chemical products enter largely into the French Pharniacopoiu ; und a decoction of tho wood, after having heon out into fine flakes, is found to bo superior to any othor agency for cleansing tho calcareous incrusta- tions whioh gather on the inside of tho boilers of steam engines. 