Kapunda Coursing Meeting. [By our Special Reporter.] The annual meet of the Kapunda Coursing Club commenced on June 28 on Mr. H. Dutton's Anlaby estate, in the presence of three or four hundred spectators. The weather was very cold, and rain clouds wore a threaten ing aspect, but fortunately for those present the rain kept off, although it appeara to ba badly wanted in that part of the country. La&t; year the club had the good fortune to get through 48 courses in little more than a dav and half, but the fates were not so propitious on the present occasion, as on the first day 21 courses were completed, and on the second day only 14. The opening proceedings were in a large open paddock through which the River Light runs a banker at floodtime, but at the present time is only represented by an oc casional waterhole. Excellent coursing was got here last season, but we are informed that shooting parties and poachers have made pretty free with the game since then, and the result was a very slow beginning on Tuesday. It was not until the timber country and the hills were reached after lunch that game was found to be at all up to the requirements of a club meeting, and then as a natural conse quence much of the running was flukey and out of, view of the spectators. The abundance of black speargrass also militated against satis factory trials, and several dogs came to grief during the day. Wherever the ground was open it was in a capital state for running, just sufficiently soft for the pads of the g'ey hounds ; but when they were amongst the tus socks and the fallen timber they knocked them selves about, but without much advantage to the hare, who in the majority of the courses became victimised. Luncheon, provided by Mr. Dutton, was partaken of near a large waterhole on the first day, and on the second day in a wooded spot near the Julia Creek. Mr. Dutton came on the ground during the second afternoon and was cordially cheered by the crowd and thanked on behalf cf the club by Mr. J. N. Smith. The proprietor of the estate said he was pleased to see eo^ many people present and would be happy to afford the club opportunities for holding future meetings, although, he was sorry the game (was so scarce. His manager (Mr. F. M. Miller) was present on each day and gave advice as to where the best running ground was to be found. Mr. B. E. EL Hope ably officiated as judge, giving general satisfac tion by his verdicts and riding well and close to his dogs. Mr. Hope is an undaunted rider, no hill being too steep or timber too thick for him, and with a good knowledge of the sport and the rules everyone was satisfied that his judgments were sound, although in two or three cases he had to decide very close contests. With regard to the beating operations excep tion [might be taken to the modus operandi, but seeing that no regular beaters had been . engaged, and that game was very scarce, the . horsemen necessarily straggled over a Jarge stretch of. country, and occasionally went on for a distance that fairly beat off those who were on foot. There was a good deal of pardon able grumbling on this account, especially amongst those who were leading doga, the complaints being loudest on the second day. This defect could be remedied next season by engaging a few foot beaters, and giving direc tions to the spectators as to how the beats would be taken. Mr. J. N. Smith was chiefly in charge of the field, and did his best to take the people where he thought hares could be found. Other stewards also officiated in this capacity, and there was a willingness all round to get) through the work promptly, the slip ? stewards, Messrs. W. Wrighb and J. 'W'illcock, de serving special mention for getting the grey hounds well up to slips. The slipper, Mr. M. Fahy, performed his part of the proceedings very creditably, but waa occasionally blocked in too much by the crowd, and was kicked by a horse on the leg, fortunately without doing him serious damage. The acting stewards were Messrs. J. N. Smith, J. P. Orchard, C. H. Shakeahaft, J. W. White, J. von Ber touch, J. Moyle, D. Shearwin, J. Batfeams, and the secretary, Mr. H. Fawcett. The president, Mr. D. James, very kindly took the visiting pressmen under his wing, and treated them with bis usual cordial hospitality. There was a larger gathering of spectators on Wednesday than on Tuesday, and a very fair attendance on Thursday, when the finals were run off, many ladies being present and some ot^them on horseback. The members for the district, Hon. Jenkin Coles and Mr. J. W. 'White, contributed their aid to the meeting. It -will be seen by the results that the favorites, Euby, Jean, and Splendora, were beaten in the final trials, and that the honors and emoluments of victory fell to Mr. L. Harder's w d Barley Bree, by Kildare — Brunhilde, who won the stake, the runner-up being Mr. N. A. Mes senger's brd w d Sam Weller, by Swiveller, who was runner-up two or three years ago for the Waterloo Cap at Buckland Park. The third dog is Mr. L. McBean's f b Ruby, by Eos — 'Vic, last year's winner at Kapunda. Game was again scarce on Thursday, and the darkness of evening had set in by the time the meeting was brought to a conclusion. The club have displayed special liberality in the matter of stakes, giving away added money as well as the full amount of the nomination fees, but to do this a club needs to be financially strong or to have numerous friends to volun- - teer subscriptions. Results: Third Day (Thursday). ANLABY STAKE. Winner, £60; runner-up, £30; third dog, £10; ' three dogs, £3 each ; six dogs £1 11s 6 d. each. , Second Ties. : - Just ire beat Cyclor&nia.; \ Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max teat Juno. ' Boby beat Cornet. Barley B ee beat Unlucky Gibs. Mauley's Ghost beat Heela Thud Ties. Sam Weller beat Justice. Baby beat Max. Barley Bree beatMariej's Ghost). Fourth lisa. Sam Weller bent Eubf . Bailey Biee a bye. Deciding Course. Mr. L. Harder's bkwdjBarley Bree, by Kildare— Broobilde, beat Me N. A. Hess mgera bed w d Sam Weller, by Swiveller— Young Betsy Baker (drawn lame) and won the stake. Tse Btmsnra. FlEST DAT— TOBSDAT. Anlaby Stakes ? First) Bound— It waa a quarter past 10 before a hare waa found in the tmsooka. and a btief tussle ensued between Cyolorama and Bedleaf, resulting in a kill, and tbejodg6'a hat coming off for anocoune. When they met again Cyclorama waa quickest out of the slips, and serving herself ehe placed the white, who scored two or three when the red got in again, ana after exchanges Oydonmi killed near the fence with points in her favor. To a hire from the creek Bide Kiog Bnice led up, and gave Triplet a Qbance on the side of the hill, but the latter lost possession, and Kiog Brace billed. Oliver Crom well led up Nora Darling, but a fast hare gave them both a long danoe, in whioh Nor* appeared in the front for some time, but was only chasing the game. Oliver was on y beaten by the kil*. Justice and Wildfire ran a no go. Gelertlednp smartly and did the early work from O.K. The latter eoored a point or two, and Gelert again getting possession took the hare over the htll and killed. Splendora and Freedom had a lone spin on the hillside fallowing into the timber, where Splendora, who had all the best of it, ended with a kill. Wildfire unsighted, and Justice TOL8&ccring; until the white got en terms, when JuBtice again displayed best form and won. Ball II. and Competency both unsighted from sl-p3, bat they got on afterwards, and Id a long run Bell had all the best of it. Mermaid being hurt by a barbed wire was drawn, and Sam Weller ran a by with O.K., in which the latter did nearly all Che work up to the quietus. Juno led, Sluggard, scored several points and placed her opponent, but Juno again took the hare and finished with a kill. Demon led Tom Harrington and some exchanges then took place until Demon slipped in a long course and Tom went onffand won, hot ran nto a wire fence and cut himself ba-Uy. Max led, Fancy Queen scored three times and placed the white collar. Some good exchanges ensued on the flat, which appeared to be in favor of the Queen, but over the hill Jtfax got in again and wound up with a kill to credit. Forest King did the early work with Colleen laes who was serving herself rapidly when the judge disqualified her for being cunning and Forest King gained the flag. On the edge ot the timber Chemist led Ruby who did not sight at first, but when she got in she made matt-re very warm and won easily amongst ithe treeB. Jean led Herd Laddie and scored several points when the Laddie served himself smartly and looked like winning till he ran into the wires and got blinked, when Jean went on over the bill and gained the flat: by a point and a half. After a no go through the slips breaking Comet, to a short eiip in the timber, led up and scored merrily, working very oloee. Disraeli scored several points, but Comet was well ahead when be killed. Miss Harrington was up first by favor and did the early work from Dauntless, who made a point or two, but Miss Harrington had won when the pair separated in pursuit of two hares. Straohniore and Redskin went away determinedly, the former securing the turn. Exchanges followed, when Sttathmore Jell, but was not to be denied, and gaining poseession again won with a lot to the good. Barley Bree led, turned, and served himself, then gave the bare to Exile, who chopped it too quickly. Orizaba led up and put in nice early work from Venture, who cuaue a vwipits vl wrtmuutast uub t/nzttifa xioisuea wen , to the good with a MIL Bluey and Unlucky Guss ran an undecided ending with a kill, points being equal. Bluey hurt herself badly In the encounter. Marley's Ghost led Flying C'oud, both doing good work in a gruelling spin, which the Ghost won by the kill. Euchre was fijst up in a give and take course w.th Jezabel. Euchre ran Into a stump. When the course endtd there was very little between them, bat Euchre gained the Sag. Second Dat— Wedkesdat. Bluey being drawn Jame, Unlucky Guss ran a bye. Heela beat Veronica in a ehort run near the edge of the timber. Heela was quicker and faster than her opponent, and won easily with a kill. Broken Hill went lame to slipB to run his bye, through Last Straw being abBent. Broken Hill did not go far before he stopped, and was afterwards drawn from the stake. first Ties.— Cyclorama beat King Bounce in a flatter amongst the tusaooks, in which little work was done, but tie kill was in favor of the red, although white went off with the lead. When Splendora and Gelert were slipped the former unsighted, but when she got on to the game she displayed her superiority, and won with a kill. Bell II. did the early work with Sam Wcller, but eventually tired and stopped, while Sam went on and won. Juno ran a bye, Tom Harrington being- drawn lame. Max led acd made a couple of wrenches before Forestalling got the chance of wiling without merit. Ruby led Jean and put in some good work. When Jean cot possession ehe Booted several, but Ruby came again and had half-a-dozen points to the good when puas escaped over the railway line. In the longest course of the day Comet worked closer than Mies Harrington and won, although the latter was in at the finish. Barley Bree led Strath more and did the early work, bat Sfcrathmore getting in had just got on level terms, when Barley Bree scored a few more, and Stiathmore put himself out by kiUine. Orizaba was In very bad'form when brought to slips, and Unlucky Guss had a grueller almoBt Einglehanded. Marley's Ghost was first up from Euchre, and both degs suffered from the rough country, the Ghost gaining the flag. A move was tten made for home. Third Day— Thuesdat. The third day's proceedings were opened on the ground coursed over on the opening day, and which was eo bare of game that only three courses were run off before lunch time. A move was then made to the timber country, where the finals were got off just before the shades of evening closed in, but most of the dogs who competed were knocked out either by injuries in the rough ground or by want of condition. Second Ties (continued). — Justice went to slips badly cut and allowed Cyclorama a long lead and busy time flecking puss, lett'ng in Justice, who kept possession, finirhing a winner. Sim Weller led up a length and turned, setving Splendora, who wrenched smartly ; Sam getting in again led out of eight, the flag goiog np for him. Max led Juno by many lengths, and » good give and tike course ensued, Juno now and then appearing to stand off her game, but at the finish Max won easily. Ruby dashed cmartiy out of slips, scoring freely, Comet also putting in good work, but the bitch held her own in a gruelling course and won. Bailey Bree led up six or eight lengths, and gare Unlucky Guss no chance in a gruelling course. Marley'e Ghost and Heela unsighted, but got on before being picktd up, the Ghost winning easily ab the fini&h.; Ihird Ties.— Justice led by favor, scoring a few points before Sam Weller got in, who then rapidly ran up the necessary points to leave him a winner. To an awkward slip Max showed superior pace from Ruby, but the little slut was not to be denied, and outworked the big dog, finishing with a kill. Marley's Ghost was of no assistance to Barley Bree, who dashed up 10 or 12 leogths, winning from end to end. fourth Ties.— Sam Weller led Euby, but after a wild effort he let the bitsh in, who mere'y wrenched and cried enough, Sam going on for one point when he also stopped. Birley Bree ran a long gruelling bye with Gelert. Final- Sam Weller being unfit to run was drawn, Barley Bree being declared the winner. The winner, Barley Bree, is a black-and-white puppy by Kildare— Brunhilde, and made his first effort at Manoora, getting into the lass four of the Puppy Stakes, the heavy going- being against him. la the Atilaby Stake his performances were a de.-icVel im provement, he in every trial easily beating his oDnonent. In the evening the settling took place at the North Kapunda Hotel, where Host Wauchope kindly entertained the members at a capital cold collation, to which justice was done. The following toasts were given : — ' Mr. Dutton, of Anlaby,' 'The judge,' 'The winners and loEers,' 'The visitors,' after which the stakes were paid to the lucky winners, and the proceedings, which had been enlivened by songs and recita tions, terminated at au early hour. During the evening a proposition was made that a plumpton should be established, and Mr. D. James and Mr. Hope both promised hand some assistance in this direction. The idea is that the racecourse, if it were fenced in, would be very suitable for a plumpton, as the railway line could land visitors on it direct from town, and it is a very short drive from the township. The runner-up, Sam Weller, performed re markably well for an old dog, as he was not expected to last so long as he did in the stake, seeing that he was runner-up to Irish Queen when she won the Waterloo Cup, two or three years ago. Mr. Fitzroy owns Swiveller and Betty Baker, the sire and dam of Sam, and the Adelaide owner of Kildare and Brunhilde, the sire and dam of the winner, informs us that he has some puppies of the same family, and that Barley Bree's next appearance in public will be at Karraeoorte in August. 