Traveller. Indian Ghost Charms. The dread of ghost is common to all the aboriginal races of India, from whom it has been very generally adopted by their Aryan conquerors, and even by the lower classes of Mohammedan?. . ; .. : AH ghosta oro believed to be mischievous, and some of them bitterly malioions, and the only way to'oppose their ranooria to, bmld nhrinea for them, end to make them offer ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on grand oocaeions, of a bnflalo. Any severe illness, and more espcoially any opidemid discoso, sooh .of small-pox or oholera, is attributed to the. malignancy of thoeo spirits, who must be propitiated accordingly. The men-tiger is, parnape, the most dreaded of oil these, demon ghoets; lot wijen a tiger has killed a ; man, the li'aer in to bo eafo from harm, us tho spirit of tho man rides upon bis head, and kecpe him clear ol danger. Aooordingly, i 4 ia believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many peoplo it to begin by making offerings to the epiritaof bis victims, thereby depriving him of their valuable services. Tho ghosts most easily propitiated are those who have met a violent or untimely death, whether by design or aooldent, in., eluding poison and disease, Even women who die in ohildbirth or wretohes who are hanged for their crimes are believed to have the same powora ol oansing their evil to the living as tboso who have been lulled by tigers, or by lightning, or by. any other violent caUEC. A.II these deified spirits are ofton distiogniehed by eomo term denoting the manner ol their death; thus, the goat of a men killed by lightning ia oalled the "Lightning Ghost," that of one killed by a enako, the " Snake Ghost," and so on. The ghosts ol woman who dio dnring ohildbirth are supposed to ba epeoially powerful and vindiotive. Most of the deoeaeed persons whoso spirits eio now worshipped were the anoeetora of eomo of the aborigines, and as General Cunningham, the head of the arobajaloflioal snrvey of India, oajs, their worship ia generally local, and confined to the limits ocoopied by their respective tribes. ?"??- ..?;?? Tuo ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts ooneists mainly of the offering of goats, fowla, pigs, floworo, or fruit, of the recitation o( prayers, and the singing of certain mantras, or oharms, the la?t being the most impottnn) of all. These obarms, which aro alwaja f UDg by men at tho dif ferent shrines, nro of two binds—the "Sabaro cliasms" and tho "mjstical in cantations." Tho former arc addreseed to the deified ghosts of tho dead, the peiform ance being generally cawied out in the oountry, or the place whero the oorpso was burned, and tho latter are us6d for tho pur po?O of compelling epiritn to appear nod re oeive the ordere of the performer. 