THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would giTe a mOhon dollan tor a- ttomach, said a wealthy Amrrinm reoeqtiy. Now, a mfl- Uct doQan (L900.000) ii a deal ot money, :bat be Was not able to buy the article ena at that price. Mr Thomas Gaakin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Dar- ley Abbey, near Derby, ia not to rial .as mauy, be ing a gardener, but be was resdy enough to give all be bad for one thing be hadn t got. Here is biz story, and he shall teU it in his own way. Mr Gastrin goes on to say ; ' Up to eight years ago I bad never lort an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1832, whilst living a: Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I haddieadiul pam ar er e.ting, a bad teate in tny mouth, which would fid vt iih water and a lime, the rfttier -o th-ck and sticky that I of-en had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to fill <-p and my throat would swell ao 1 oouidn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, eh tSy a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till 1 bled at the note, and the blood mzbed out of my ears. I became exhausted, and shirt of breath and had to call the doctor, and was In bed fire or six weeks. "I then went aa out-patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost waUring about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months 1 kept getting better, then worse, and st Isst the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I cams to Darley Abbey, and my former master gaTe me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howerer, that all the beds in tee hospital were foil, and I saw my club doctor ant a so two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the ether doctors after sounding my lunge and cheat, aaid nothing, but shook their " Getting a trifle better my oM master allowed me to do what little I could in Ms garden! and grounds ; snd some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1883, when I caught cold, \- got very short of breath, and broke down com- ' pletefy. I was always coughing and spitting np phlegm sometimes as much as a teacupful a BP gy ABU- W» UIBIU W go M/ iXfi 1SU UlSk phlegm would choke me. At this tune the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes -were blood shot. My lips and month were dry and I often broke cat into a cold clammy sweat. My tongne was like apiece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down.- Host over a stone weighs in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time but was so weak I had to take bold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and -weary, and sitting or lying, was nertr at ease and got no read rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my LanHn — nothing but afc-in and \- bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me, " The doctor kept on attending me, but be said, ' I can do you no good ; 1 can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London . that cost 22> a bottle. But nothing did any good, . and my friends who came- to see me said, "Well, you won't cough much longer, yon have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, I8S9, a neighbour named Joseph Latham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, raid to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup f and told me how he had been cured after bring in the bospitaL He . spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my -wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores n Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black aa ink. and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go ont for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wi ought the improvement, and 1 told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since, " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking 8eig-l's J-yrup for six months 1 was strong ss ever in my life and. hare continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facte alleged. Mr Gakin his lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent re putation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, of growing worse for seven years. Ufa complaint was chron'c inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for which it is so often ignor antly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the -liraara yielded, as ail diseases of the ' digestive tract1 do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on bis re covery, and commend the facte of his case to all thinking people. 