BREVITIES. 1 Another win for the Englishmen. Wallaroo Smelting Works restarted. One contractor soon get tired of his job, Blyth and Gladstone survey progressiag- What a capital bally Mr. R. Sleath appears to be. Mr. Stacey does tbe la-de-da business first rate. The larrakins in full force at the Entretainments lately. Those new specifications are very puzzling to the contractors. David is still waiting for a job but his services are not required. Ryan-street appears to be a good place for the discovery of mares' nests. Cr Julian, of the Kadina Corporation, is on the war path in real earnest. That fifty pounds Mayor's allowance still exciting some of the ratepayers. It Peters had gone to Broken Hill what an explosion would have taken place. Broken Hill miners still bitter agaiuat the Moonta men for the strike difficulty. Verv naughty of you Mr Hooper to insult poor Dickey Sleath in his own office. Mr. Roach can grow lucerne, yes, when he has got twelve Beetaleo taps running That leader in the " Times " will quite squelch our only Anglican Bishop. Munro appointed Victorian Agent-General in spite of Graham Berry and his friends. Mr. Kingston has his chance now to settle the eight hours question for railway employees. In Queensland a man has been killed at the rifle range, by an accidental rifle discharge. One miner says he has lost £125 through himself and two sons being out ou strike so long. A deputation of one hundred, gone from Broken Hill to Sydney re the water question. If you value your good name do not put it in; jeopardy by selling counterfeits of Wolfe's Schnapps. Mr. T, R. Heath has been Chairman of the Y.P. Building Society for over 25 yean;. A good record, Sir. If larrikins want to fight they must go into a private place. Not allowed to fight in public Watty! Of course every one wants value for their money—Wolfe's Schnapps is the best.value you can obtain. The Board of Advice defunctl Get ready for the election of three members for the^next Board of Advi-se. . Mr. W. H. George has come back to look up that "Brilliant Victory" which he so confidently predicted. If a man tells you he keeps the best brand just look if he has Wolfes Schnapps. If not he has told you an untruth. . < r Bishop Kennion does not like his church to be called a sect. By the way General Booth has the same objection."* A young man named Mullings living near Nairne died recently from inhaling dynamite fumes, while engaged in sinking a well. Scotch and variegated thistles are no longer noxious weeds, will those-people who confound them with star thistles take-notice. Why. is not Moonta. thought .more of as a sanatorium?", /With its seaside, town, and mines it ought to /visitors- if proper!/ pushed. . 'J.; How many' people are in their graves today who would have been alive and well if they .had keowu the virtues of Wolfe's Schnapps. ' r> The Town Clerk of Adelaide has had his golden wedding and .received several presentations from Mayors, IfLldermen, Councillors and others. ' „ What a blessing, it is that Moonte : has a " comfortable liUle station " at its railway terminus. How thankful we ought 'to bs 1 But we are not. Does any 'one. - think, the Broken Hill officers would 1 hare managed our [strike better ? We doubt it, if many of them, are of the Sleath and Rowe order. Three tons of steamco*!'representtiman's labour for a period of twenty years and oue square uile of a seam of coal, having a depth of four feet only, represents as much work as 1,000.000 men can pet form ia twenty years. One million and a half inea Work in the coal mines of the world, Of these England has 535,000; United States,. 300,000; Germany, 235,000; Belguim, 100,000;-Russia 44,000. Tbe world's miners uf metal number about 4,000,000. In Belgium, according to returns jast issued, the average wage of m miner last year in the Hainault district, where most of the Belgian coal was raised, was £44, or something lest than 178. per week. No less than 85,000 men were employed at this rate, and it may be remarked that the Haidault field includes two of the deepest coal-pits in Europe, A Parisian has invented an electric cane, whieh will be found au effective weapon, and very useful to persons who are compelled to be out late at nUht. By touching an assailant with it and pressing a button, the assailant receives a shock which temporarily paralizes him. The highest jump ever made is said to have been done by au Auericau horse called Filemiker, who.at Chicago, is credits^ with having cleared 7ft. 2|in. Ot the Melbourne Royal Agaicultural Show recenxle an Australian horse called Spondulix cleared 6ft 9fm. boating Cedric, who failed after 5ft 7in« It is said that iu England horses have jumpted 7ft. A negro in{Columbus dreamt he found five dollars at a certain place in the street He went to the spot next miming, f jund one dollar, and aow accuses the ghost who told him to go there ef stealing four dollars. The total amount of money iu circulation in the world is computed by the directors of the United States Mint as slightly under £2,000,000,000. With every exertioa the best of men aaa do but a moderate amount of good ; but it seems in the power ef the most contemptible individual to do incalculable mischief. A worthy married couple, living in the circuit of Messeritz, in Germany, during the past year had five children added to their family circle. The mother of the children ia the wife ef a master smith nam id Hausler, of Kainscht. The Frau had twins a year ago oa Wednesday ; aud at the end of the yea , on December 31st, she presented her "her r husband with triplets. If a division of the real estate of the globe was made, each one would only hare a small lot. Some one has figured it outjthat taking the whole land surface of the globe into consideration there i« ou an average, twenty-tiro and one-balf acres to each person. The death of Mr. Henry Alford, at the age of 76, is reports! He arrived iu South Australia in 1836. and was quite a prominent figure in those days. He entered the police force on its being formed, aud greatly distinguished himself by capturing bushrangers and wild blades. He was also associated with the late Mr. Tolmer in conducting the gold escort business between Melbourne and Adelaide in 1853 and 1854. CBRTAINLT the best medicine known is Sander & Son's Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza, the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all. Ic^nd, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises,- sprains it is the safest remedy—no swelling, "no inflammation. Like surprising effects produced iu croup, diptheria, bronchitis, inflammation ol tbe lungs, swellins, etc., diarrhoea dysentry, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronized by Ht- Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at the International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject all others 