Mrs. Pickering's Vanity. "Argosy. " By Ina Garvey. Old Mr. Hudson had retired from business some years ago. His business had been that of a dry-salter, and he had understood it so well as to make a fortune at it. Before retiring from business as a dry-salter, Mr. Hudson had, if we may be permitted to phrase, retired from business as a husband. Mrs. Hudson had died io all the fresh enjoyment of her carriage and her silks and her jewelled broaches and bracelets, leaving her husband, as his sole com- pauiuti, a uuie eicaiy noy or uan-a-uozeu summers. For a good many years after retiring from business, John Hudson raffled it with the best ; visiting abont, entertain ing in grand style his many friends, travelling abroad, and enjoying to the fall the riches ho had toiled for. His only child was sent in due coarse to Eton, and thence blossomed forth into a second lieutenant of a smart cavalry regiment. Bnt at length old Hudson's holiday after toil showed signs of drawing to a close. His health began to break, old age was coming upon him ; the pleasures that his money had brought him, eating and drinking, ridiug and driving, sitting in fine rooms, being treated with defer ence, and sometimes even with servility, baying costly treasures of art, would be pleasures no longer. He had done his work, he had had his day. 'The account was about to be closed, at no distant period would come the long dreamless sleep,' said old Hudson to himself as he crept np and down the sunny path of his highly ornate garden, and mused on tbe great mystery of life and death. Realizing that his part on the world's stage was played, and resigning himself to old age and invalidism, he dismissed a great part of his large staff of servants and shut an most of the showilv furnished rooms in his great new house, built after the style of a celebrated .Roman villa, and standing on the breezy heights of a favourite London suburb. The servants who now formed the old gentleman's reduced establishment were — Simon Bickering, a personal at tendant ('Gentle, patient, and ex perienced with the old and with invalids,' said his testimonials) who had replaced the smart valet of more vigorous and fashionable daya ; the said Simon Pickering's wife, a plain-featured woman approaching middle age, who discharged the now not very heavy duties of cook and housekeeper ; a couple of house maids, and a coachman, who did little eave exercise his horses daily, his master having grown partial to the gentle movement of a Bath-chair. A neighbouring medical man, who had often been a gnest at Mr. Hudson's table, wonld drop in from time to time inan informal way, bnt the invalid re sented the notion of seeming under a doctor's care and of being thonght seriously ill. . Tens he had had a stroke of paralysis, bnt people sometimes -lived for years after that if they were careful and kept quiet ; and he was inclined to be impatient with hie eon . when the latter, no w Captain Hudson and quartered in Dublin with the 14th Canterere, ap peared at Highstead on short leave, having heard of the sadden failure of hie father's health. - On'a golden, mild antnmn afternoon ; Captain Hndson had returned to Dnblio, and Josiah Hndson, leaning on the arm bf his attendant,Simon Pickering, moved riowly along his smoothly gravelled garden-path. London lay below, softened by distance .and sunshiny haze into a silent dream-city. . 'Pickering,' said .old Hndson, after contemplating'tbe scene for some time, .' my sands are ranningent.., .Have yon lever thonght of Heaven, and wondered What it will be like V - 'I can't say as I've thonght mach fibont.it, . sir/ answered .the attendant keepectfolly ; bnt he gives his master a Searching glance, for the question and. thetone-in -whidi it - was--eaked con stituted,' hecousi tiered, a -ntw symptom. 'Don't yon think it will be something like that !' — and the old man pointed "to the -prospect 1 beneath them.- 'Seel It ihight.atmost'bB' the Hew JerdBalem. that theBible spBakeowithiU golden' streets end gates of pearl P. - . : . -'Forafew minutes the old man stood loqking sileatly at the scene,his thoughts fulland eadj.ihsn Ee.tarnedand leant yet more neavny on me arm tnatsop- portedhim.. 'Trite me in, Pickering ; rm -afraid Pve caught a chill.' . ' . Late . that - evening , Pickering eat -watching by hia master's bed-side. One '/bf theinaide b ad been Sent to Dr.' Page's to, ask bi.'cq&eV;)roan(i,:. as -'.Mr. Hndson ;was », not .eo - wdL' Rhefrad come bath with thednformatlon .that Dr. P«Waa;bnt"jnrt-hbw, bnt wonld corneas WKinas be ketnrned. ' Pickering sat by the bed where the feeble old man lay in a restless feverish doze, and wondered whether this ' bad tarn ' his master had taken wonld prove fatal. And while he so wondered, and while the clock in the passage ticked londly through the silence, and an occasional ember fell all too noisily from the fire, tbe old man's eyes opened and looked at thfi fi mind, it seemed, was wandering, and he thonght he was looking at the eon who had left him a week before. 'Humphrey, I'm glad you're there, Humphrey, 'said the ex-dry-salter, picking at the bed-clothes with his hot, eager fingers. ' I dreamed yon'd gone back to yonr regiment ; I'm glad yon haven't. I wanted to tell yon, Humphrey, that there's money in the honee — more than is prudent, and yon'd better bank it again. Its a matter of a thousand pound in notes ; I drew it out because I meant to attend a sale at Christie's and pick np some treasures, bnt I was taken ill, and there the money is. It's in tbe eecret drawer of the cabinet over yonder ; yon know how to find tbe secret drawer, Humphrey, don't yon ! Opon the' second drawer with the smallest key of the bunch I always carry abont with me — take the drawer right out, and feel abont at tbe back of its space till you feel a tiny, knob the size of a pin's head, press that,and another little drawer will spring out at the side — pat yonr hand in it and feel about on its roof till yon find a tiny roughness, press that, and another little drawer will spring ont at the back, and in that ie the thousand -pound. Go and get it now, Humphrey,' said the sick man, bis voice sinking to an excited whisper; 'it's not safe -there! the cabinet might be carried off and broken np. I don't treat the servants ; I don't trast Pickering ; he's ekilfnl and gentle, bnt he's scanning eye — end I don't trast his wife ! Get it oat, Humphrey, boy, and bank it— or wa may both be murdered.' His speech grew wilder and more incoherent after this— bis manner more feverish and excited. Ten minutes later Dr. Page's ring was heard at the door. Josiah Hudson never rallied from that ' bad torn.' Dr. Page remained with him through tbe night. Jost at tne approach of dawn, when life is lowest, another and severe 'stroke' descended on the feeble form on the bed. He lay in a living death, silent, motionless, un conscious, until after the harried arrival of his eon, and then passed into a world where his real estate and hie personalty availed him nothing. On the evening after the faneral, Captain Hudson eat deep in conversation with Mr. Lincoln, the family solicitor, in the smoking-room of Highstead Tills. ' The bank telle me he drew ont a thousand poands in notes a fortnight ago,' the captain was saying in a low, discreet voice ; ' bnt there's no each sum in the eecret drawer of hiscabiuet, where he always kept any considerable amonnt of ready money that bebad in tbe bonse. He was in the habit of attending Art Sales at Christie's, and would draw ont large same for that purpose. If this thousand was drawn with the intention of attendtog the last sale, and he was srevented fry hie Illness from going to t — why, then, I Suppose a pretty big robbery has been ' committed !' Of course the bank has the numbers of the notes, bnt we can't stop them on a sup position — -for. my father may have drawn ont the money and paid ' it away on saoma mibs4a (snctnnee fhnf. nro ntlfl £ ouiuo pitvavo vuntuviM >» — — — — know of.' Tbe lawyer shook his head. ' We 8honld have fonnd some memo randum of such payment among his papers. It is my firm conviction that Mr. Hndson drew the money ont with the intention of attending Christie's last sale, and was prevented by hie increas ing illness — that, in his failing state, he did not pat the .money in a sufficiently safe place (anless, indeed, one of the servants, has discovered the secret drawer of the cabinet), and that tbe thief and, as yet, the money, are under this root This man, Pickering,' and the lawyer's tone dropped still lower : what is known of him !' The captain shrugged his shoulders. ' He came to my father some months ago with a character that gave him all the cardinal virtues — in ehort,he seemed the very man old whst'e-his-name in ancient times was always looking for with, a lantern 1 His wife was engaged at the same time as cook- housekeeper ; I know nothing againBt her — except the worst that can be eaid of a woman — she's on commonly plain 1' The solicitor mused in silence for a time. ' And yon tell me they are leav ing here for another situation the day after to-morrow ; the best thingyonjcan do is to have a detective np from Scot land Yard to morrow morning.' . It was the night following that on whioh Captri" Hndson and the solicitor had conferred together, btmon xriCKer- ing and his wife were in the. house- keepere room eacred to the latter, and had, aa was evident from the appearance of the table, bean enjoying a snug Ifttie supper. They were now seated one at each side of the fire, and Mr. Pickering, having thrown a rotted wrapper round her shoulders, had taken down : her abundant dark hair and was brushing it at .her .ease. The late Mr. Hudson's cobk-housekeepor was a woman of rather nnasnally plain face, and wa8,therefore, perhaps inclined to be the more .vain abont, and caref ol of, her one little gift to her. Bo she sat brushing her generous allowance of fine dark "hair' while she looked into the fire with "knitted bro ws - and face of deep cogitation. Her has-- band watched her with evident anxiety as to the result of her musings. Presently, after going to the door — for the third time within ten minntes — ascertaining that no one was listening outside, re- closing it, and returning to bis chair, Pickering leaned across the hearth and addressed hie wife, in the very lowest tones of hie soft voice. XBB, He.UIUObUW yu J — once, bf smuggling the notes ont with us to-morrow morning. If : we can't hit on some plan of the kind, they'd best go into the fire direct / This detective that's been here to-day (for that's what he is— I spotted tlm at once 1) will have .-ell the servants searched, 'of -course J And tee shaUbe searched jost as we're ready to Start— that's their intention. So Set yonr wita to.workl lt wquld.be a pUy I to bom't-i thousand. -iponnde! 'I "don't > know aSHAttad-haVBtibne as I did, only I was bo sure of yonr help. Women are always to the fore in a shady besi- ness.' ' And men are .always ready to make use of us in such business, and lay all the blame on as afterwards,' rejoined Mrs. Pickering with some asperity. Then, after a pause, she rose, looked at herself in the little mantel-glase, and, twistioff her heir infnAan. nlH.fuhinnH rolls on eacb side of her bee : ' How should yon like me in this style, Pickering !' she said nonchalantly. 1 It's not fashionable, but it's becoming.' Simon Pickering stamped his Foot and clenched his bands. < D'you want me to godiBtracted P he said; buthis voice did not get imprudently load though his rage was great. 'To talk about the fashion of yonr hair at such a time ! There's a" thousand pound at Stake, womaD, and'tbe chance of ten years' hard labour. If yon was handsome it wonld be maddening enough to bear of your vanity just now;- bnt being what yon are ' ' Yes, 1 think it wonld sait me very well,' said Mrs. Pickering to herselfj still calmly reviewing 'her reflection in tbe glass ; 1 111 change the faehion of my hair from this very night, and wear it in rolls.' Simon Pickering was right in his prediction. Immediately before depart ing to the new situation which they professed to have obtained, the late Mr. Hudson's attendant and his wife, as also the rest of the domestic staff at High stead Villa, were searched. Their boxes stood ready, and they had jost taken an early breakfast, when the Scotland Yard fanctionary and bis female assistant presented themselves. The Pickerings submitted with cheerful readiness to the process. Mrs. Pickering and the female searcher withdrew, and, on their reappearance in ten minntes' time, the cook-housekeeper's pleasant manners seemed to have won sensibly on the stern policewoman. Their boxes were turned out, but yielded no more proof of guilt than their persons had done. No pretext remained for detaining them. Pickering fetched a cab, the boxes were placed on It, Mrs. Pickering after adiene to her fellow-servants and a curtsey to Captain Hadaon, who happened to pass across tne passage, stepped into tne can, ner hosband mounted tbe box beside the driver, and the vehicle trundled away dowo the Highstead Hill, ostensibly bound for Eneton Station. Bnt Inspector Sharps of the detective force was ill an ease. He did not like to see these people depart in peace, yet he coold not detain them. There might have been no robbery at ell. Old Mr. Hndson might have paid away the those- and pounds in private business and left no memorandum of euch payment. On the other band, if there had been a robbery, this highly-respectable couple who had jnst taken their departure seemed to Inspector Sharp, despite their having come triumphantly through the morning's ordeal, a quarter towards which he would do welt to direct bis talents. He wonld like to keep them io view. To remain at Highstead Villa investi gating was, however, also a task mach after his own heart. Bat it was clear he wonld have to depute another for one or other of these duties. While be ruminated thus, paring silently along the lower passages of Highstead Villa, the voices of Rose and Emily, the two housemaids, reached hia ears from tbe kitchen near at hand ; he nan aod innfin cti wp! g in tlnlen ' Well, Emily, yon and me'll be off in a day or two ! I only hope in my next place there won't be no old gentlemen dyfeg, and their eons going and having the servants searched afterwards as if they'd committed a murder — that I do 1 It's an insult to honest girls like yon and I, that it is ' A second voice assented with a good many exclamations, and the first voice continued. ' The idea of that there Mrs. Pickering having each an amonnt of vanity : I wonder what sadden freak took her to change tbe fashion of her hair and wear it in them old-fashioned rolls ! To be sure, I think I never did see an nglier woman !' 'She ie ngly ; and yet she managed to get married, yon see!' remarked tbe second voice. ' Yes,' rejoined the other, ' that's what always pozzies me ! These ngly women always get married, whilst good-looking girls like yon and I don't get the ghost of a chance P ' Speak for yourself !' was the some what indignant retort. ' I could get married to-morrow, if I chose ; bnt I'm hambitioni. I mast have a husband es'll keep me like a lady. No — I never did see Bach a fright as Mrs. Pickering looked in them great big rolls of hair 1' Inspector Sharpe pawed on silently down the passage, and hie xnoeings deepened. The Seagull, a small paddle-steamer oeiuagiug ui a vamaiu uuo hum .iucd between the Themes and the Flemish sea- ports, lay at St. Katharine's Wharf, waiting to drop" down the river in. the early morning. She had taken on her cargo, which, on the return journey, would be replaced by Ostend rabbits. Mpre than her cargo the Seagull did not' expect this wet stormy October night, for, though dating the Bummer weeks a good many passengers crossed cheaply, to the Continent by her and her aster-vessels, the had looked for none each for some tittle time now. The elderly stewardess was therefore a little surprised when, Bt eleven o'clock at night, ae she sat by her bright little fire in the -ladies' cabin sipping a glass of something -comfortable, and thinking of presently retiring into one of the red- enrtained berths that lined the walls, she heard the 80,nnd of an arrival above,: and a minute later was aware of a solitary lady-passenger being shown down the tittle stairway into the cabin. ' Prey don't disturb yourself, steward ess, 'saidthe passenger, pleasantly. 'Remain. by the fire and - finish yonr Banner. I bea f - The'tisriswdea/evqat once prepo sewed in the new arrival's favour- noted with interest 4he name 'Mrs. Thomson ' on the ticket of her frag ; and, though forced to own etiehtly, that the face disclosed when the veil was' raised was not -comely, mentally pronounced the unexpected passenger, Quite the lady !' _ : The latter threw herself down tin one of the faded ted velvet seats that- ran gonad the; little - Dne,fedh a little strange and lonesome, stewardess, travelling without one's hnaband,' she siid; ' bnt I must ba brave and res-st , the temptation to have a regular good I cry-' I ' Indeed and you must, ma'am !' \- responded the old etewardeae with ready | and offlcions sympathy, bustling to help | her charge remove her cloak and wraps. 'CSrtnn® Hnnctri'r. mnnrl mnHpm Dear sakes alive, ma'am, I've had to do with- j out my 'nsband for good and all this many a year ! Jnst fifteen year it ie since we went pleasuring to Greenwich, aod what rauit poor Tollyfield do bnt let his legs rnn away with him down Greenwich hill, and pitched on his head at the bottom, and was took np dead.' The stewardess wiped her eyes after this peroration and proceeded to hang np the passenger's Bhawle. 'And how abont sapper, ma'am ! Shall I get you some thing ! To be sure it's very late, and I don't know if ' ' Oh ! thank yon ; I shan't need any thing bnt what I have with me,' eaid the passenger. Accordingly, having eaten one or two biscnits and taken something rrom a flasx, she professed herself ready to go to her berth. What time in the morning do we start, stewardess!' 'Abont five, ma'am. Which of the bertha will yon sleep in ! I can recom mend this one as abont the most com fortable. Dear, dear! Three months back there wasn't much choosing of where ladies would sleep, in here ! I'd all the berths fall, and ladies sleeping all over the fljor as well ! Dear sakes alive! and the qnarrelling that went on ! I'd have given np my post many a time, only what can a lone widow with nine children do ! Well, I thonght I'd done waiting on ladies for this year, to be sure ! But I'm always glad to wait on one as is a lady, pleasant and kindly spoken !' The passenger had not yet taken off her travelling cap. She now removed it, showing a fine mass of dark plaited hair, with a deep, old-fashioned roll on each aide bf the face. la a few minuter, : assisted by the aaeiinons Mrs. Tollyfield, she was comfbrtly. settled in one of the lower berths. 'Thank yon, stewardess, I shan't want anything more, mnch obliged ! Oh dear ! My poor head aches pretty badly !' said the passenger as Bhe lay down. 'Poor dear creature ! Does it now !' responded the stewardess, tacking in the rags and blankets that she had piled npon her charge. ' Headache's bad, sure ! — though heartache's worse. Yon want some good sleep and pleasant dreams abont yonr 'nsband that you're paited from, ma'am. But I'm afraid you won't sleep comfortably unless yon take down yonr hair ; let me arrange it for yon.' The passenger drew her head away with a sudden jerk. ' Be good enough to leave my hair alone !' she said in a stern, threatening maimer, very different from her former affability. ' I shall do very well and want nothing more.' The stewardess drew the red curtain of the berth and left her. Bnt Mrs. Tolly field's good opinion of the Seagull's solitary passenger was shaken. A vixen of a temper, for all her pleasant ness 1 The idea of firing ont me like that, all for nothing !' Thus cogitating the stewardess went to rest. At five o'clock in tbe morning there was plenty of bnstle on the little deck of the Seagull, and enongh ehonting for an Orient liner. Below the stewardess was busy also, and the one passenger, liatnnc lnnf. A.vnArmarl frnm Yixr kprf.fi And jot on the few articles of dress that she I lad laid aside last night, was sitting by the little fire in the ladies' cabin, wrapped in a shawl. ' We're off now, aren't we, stewardess!1 she asked with an eagerness that was half involuntary, as she took the cup of tea that had been prepared for her. 'Yes, ma'am, we're off now. Mrs. Tolly field's tone was a little stiff; she had not quite forgotten the rebuff of the previous night. Sara enongh, they were off. The paddle-wheels tnrued once, slowly, labor iously, with a great deal of chaining and splashing ; turned twice, more easily and qnickly ; tamed three times ; the lady- passenger standing on a seat and looking through a porthole that commanded the farther shore of the river, saw the dingy warehouses begin to slide away. 'Yes, we're off now!' she said gaily, jumping down and coming back to her seat by the fire. Bnt in another moment ehe added : ' We've stopped 1 What's that for, stewardess P \- Thepaddle-wheelshadsnddenlyceased their splashing and churning ; the ehonting above was more vehement than ever, and seemed to bs responded to by shooting from the shore close at hand, then the Seagull began to back. ' Something been forgotten,' said the stewardess; 'and we're returning for it' The passenger set down her nalf- finiehed cap of tea and listened. The shouting continued, and the little vessel backed to St. Katharine's wharf which she had jnst quitted. Seems to be another passenger coming on board,' eaid the stewardess. Her companion made no answer, bnt j razed sternly and stonily into the tittle fire before which she est A few moments later brisk steps were heard coming down the stairway, and came a peremptory rap at the door of the ladies' cabin. ' Who have yon got in here stewardess!' asked a man's voice, as in rn_ JLUiijrUCiii uiuucu w vug uwuh 'One lady, sir.' " 'Ah 1 that's right,' said Inspector Shsrpe, stepping into the tittle room. 'Good morning, -Mrs. Pickering. Yon very nearly gave' ns the slip — very nearly! I've been thinking that that little ceremony that yon took part in at. Highstead Villa yesterday morning, yon and the rest of the household staffl was not quite thorough enongh. My female assistant didn't ask yon to take down ypnrhair,. ma'am, so I've followed yon hereto get you todo it, if youll be- eo Mrs. Pickering looked at the in spector, looked at the wondering face of the old ste wardess. , '. Well,' she said, < with a quick deep sigh, ' the game's up, "I suppose! Five minntes ago I thought I was safe: Bad Inck to yon, officer, for not giving xnev tbe riiance of getting clesnkwayi'. .. She paused .a moment ; ,'-.Wtil;you shakB ont those rolls, Mrs!; Pickering, ' orehall- TT B»id Inspector ShtU& v."---; : ' Oh ! Ill tske 'em down ! It's no good refusing now !' She pnt her hands np to her hair, unrolled it, laid the con tents on the table. The detective care fully smoothed the paper ont, nntil ten banknotes lay on the table. Tbe in spector quietly placed them together. 'Ten one-hundred-pound notes make a thoDBand poands, the earn missed from the late Mr T-TndRnn's cabinet Not a bad notion at all, yours, of cm- cealing 'em, Mrs, Pickering ! I don't suppose any lady's hair was ever more expensively dressed, ma'am ! And now, if yon'll pnt yonr bonnet on, I mast ask you to return on shore with me.' Five minntes later the Seagnll steamed away withont any passengers, the stewardess loud in her wonder and her moralising?. ' Dear sakes alive ! So that was why she kept her hair rolled, and flew ont at me last night. And me thinking it was aU temper ! How we do misjndge people !' 