ONE NEW YEAR'S EVE By AtrsKo S. EunrtAnr- It was tho lost day of Deoomber. Tho Old Tear lay dying, sobbing and moaning ont its lost morcoot-. Tho wind saug a dismal dirge, over ma and land, and it was a night of tears, for frost and snow had given way to a doing of rain. High nn on tho cliff upon which tho junirit old town of Lowestoft was built ages ugo thoro stood a email, lopsided houo, vmupled by a retired rust captain mimed John Mnrjltu. Ho hnd never inarrit-d and lived i-Ltirely aloue, tho domcstio dutioH of his louse being performed by a charwoman, who arrived early and loft boforo noontide. John Marstoti had no rolatiws at Lowes- toft, and nobody over heard him state that ho bad kith or kin in auy part of tho kingdom. Ono New Year's Kvo, when a terriliu storm was raging, tho lifeboat went out to a wrcok. The hapless vessel was fast sinking on the sauds, and though tho bravo fellows used every effort to reach her, aho eottlcd down and vanished out of sight. Only one man was brought to land. Ho was John Mareton, tho captain, of tbo schooner I'orlnno. Tito lifobout-men reamed him from a spar, und convoyod him, tnoro dead than alive, to tho Sailors' Ilomo. Mar-don's Ftory was not an uncommon one. Tho holm rehired to art, tho ship drifted upon tho winds, and us it plunged into tho terrible death-trap tho men com- mittod themselves to tbo pitiless waves. Of a cruw of fifteen men and two boys ho was tbo only man saved, and so fearful was tho experience tbul ho gave up seafaring and settled at l-owostoft. John Marston had privato means, and lived frugally, but comfortably, us tho world goes, llis houso overlooked tho ocean, ho paid bis way, was well clothed, and always seemed to have money in bis pocket. Occasionally a pilot or a captain would look him up for company' rako. Sailors, as a rule, aroopoo-minded men and curry their hearts on their sleeves; but John Mawton « visitors could inako nothing of him. Wrih regard to his pant lifo, ho v.as as clono un au oyster, and wheDOvor tho metuont wiuuh brought him to tho place was inontioncd, Lo becamo petulant, uneasy and anxious to get rid of bis guests. Ono by ono thoy fell nwny from bun ; but John Marston mode no complaiut. Ho soemed to liko solitudo and darkness, for oven during tho winter nights thero was ecldorn a light, savo that lent by tho liro, in his littlo parlor until, most pcoplo thought of going to bed. Every day John Marston took a walls, and always tho #amo ono— through ttio town, along tho esplanade, iip and down tho pier, a glanco ut tho harbor, and then homo again, ns methodically as if tho oxeroiso was u solemn dutyimpoFed on him. Vory rarely ho would go to Land n —pcoplo laid to draw monoy from a bank—but even ing saw Lira hack ugain ; and every evening, when tho town wan silent, John Mnraton -would sink on his knees, bury bis fnco amid tho cushions of his chair, und chitchat his .iroo-groy hair nod groan as though ho woro in mortal agony. For ten years this etato of things had been going on. During tho summer and mitmon months, when Lowestoft wuu full of holiday- seekers, when children by the huodrod mude tho air morry witli their frolic aud glco, nnd tbo military baud on tho pior discoursed sweet rnufiio, John Mareton'H faco lust its careworn and morose expression. Ho would put children on tho head, but flavor epoko to them ; nod to pcoplo whoso faces grow familiar to him, but never stopped to chat. . His lifo was ono monotonous rotiltno; and when tho visitors departed, nnd tho beach was left to tho natives, John Marston drew closer within himself, and for all that tho peoplo know, ho might havo been us duin as a On this particular New Tour's Kvo John Marston cooked his evening ineul by tho firelight, but ho left it uutouchod on tbo . tablo. The. juicy steak grow cold, hut still tho i man so otrango in hia habit sat vesting his ' hands upon his knees and atoring vacantly at tho wall, whero tho firelight played nt hide- and-seek with rnotiy a funtostio shndow. For two long hours ho remained thus, without changing his nttitudo ; but suddenly ho rousod hiuisoU. Ho hnd loft tho bliud hnlf-drawn, aud now pulled it down with a jorli. As ho did so u pioco of holly foil at his foot. It bad probably been staokiu tho window frame by tbo oharwoman at Chrishmas-timo, but John Marston had not noticed it before, lie iook tip tho sprig, and with an Impatient, ougry goeturo cast it into tho liro, and then as quickly suatckod it from tho burning " No," bo said, as flio charred and withored green leaves mid berries rested in tlm palm of hinhand, "I will not destroy it, for it is tbo emblem of lovo and forgiveness offered to tiio world out of such aufferinir us surpasses tho coraprohuialoo of man. Yot is Uioro forgivo- ne?s for "What's that ?" Ho uttoiod tba last words in a kind of hoarse shriek, mid rushing across tho room, laid violent bauds on u man who stood m Ibo doorway. 11 Haul off your grapnel irons, mato, cnod a heartv volco. " It's no fault of mino that you loft tho cabin door open, but I'm no plratoor land shark." " Who uro you?" demanded John Marston, itornly. " Why, Dick Oriuios to bo euro ; nnd _ that you would hnvo sceu if you'd got your lights trimmed, skipper." John Mareton lit the lamp, and nn tho light flooded tho upnrtoicnt ho turned almost fero ciously upon Dick Grimes, us rod- faced and jolly-looking on old sailor as over tilled his lungs with sen air. " I am in no mood for company, ' Raid tho reoluro. " What do you want r" Diok Grimos dipped ono of his brown hands into his slacks nud produced a uumher of romarkubly plain slsponeos. "This is my cribbugo monoy," ho ro- Sondod, depositing it coolly on tho tublo. oth, "and I've come to play. Wlmt! no appetite F" ho added, with u rueful glunco at tbo untounhodmeul, "Ah! that's had. \Vhcp an old oalt turns up his noso ut Ids junk, thoro must bo somothiug tho mnttor with him." "This is tho matter with roc, Jolra 'Marston said; "I wish to livo as I havo lived, and you'll do rao a groat favor by soy- inig good night." " No," roplled Diok Grimes, shaking his head. "I couldn't thluk of It. You soo, I!vo got a kind of n wager on. Bill I'oarco says to mo, ' I wonder how Davy Jones's undo— which thoy cull you— is gutting on /I'll go and boo,' says I." f " Woll," said John Marston, " you oau i toll Bill Fcarco that Davy Jones's undo is : very woll ; and I hope you nro satisfied." i J So far, quilo cor-recl," Dick Grimes rojolnod. " llut what about that garno of onbbago? This is Now Yoor's Evo, you know, and——" Will you go ?" thundered John Mars ton, clenching his flslfl. "It's o long tirao mince I lifted my haud against any man, but . if you don't go. I'll show you tho way out of tho houso quicker Uian you ootored it." "I didn't oxpoot to find you vory ronvivll," Diok Grimes soid, souliug himiolf in a chair, " hut I nover dreamed that you'd tsko to eoutlling my nob. Well, sail in, old friond ; I'll got in Uio oyoof tho wind, and hang about a bit. It bikes 'two vessels to make u collision, and this 'cro old captain Is going to stand free of negloctia his duty." John Mareton was ovoroomo at tho eooluora and audacity of tho ronu. Ho sank into a fbgir opposite him, and trembled ns Ida mid- < en fitof pssslon passed away. ."It's ovor a year since you entered my house — " ho said. " That's ao fault of mlno," Diok Grimes interposed. "And something out of thocoinroou iins brought you horn to-night," Jobn MumUm contiuuod. "It'u growing lalo, to il you 'havo anything to say, you may uh well out with it at onco." "Ay, it's growing late, Dick uruncs asRontod, glancing at tbo clock. " As I corao up. tlio strcot I tuot tho ringers going to tho church ; tho bell wilt soon bo ringing tbo Now Year lu. Aud that's tho timo for you and me, John Murstou, and uvory mother's eon of us lo overhaul the log, nnd start a fre4i entry with a (.leaner and bettor pen. Tho pureon alu't iu It with tbo bulls fur remind!" us Hint wo'vo dono wlmt wa didn't ortcr." . " If you've eiomn horn to JeoUtro me, you it waste your tirno," said Jolui Mareton, scowl ,n'.Vpj00luroyoul" oxolairaod Diok Grimos, "Why Lord lovo uh, I've gat quito enough to do to look at homo i Well— ahum !— I uipnosu thoro'a a drop of rum ia that corner cupboard?" 4 ... - , Scarcoly knowing what ho was doing, John Msratou rose to his foot, find nloccd a bottle und two amall glasses on tho tnblo. "Thank'co, ibipmato. Ucros to your health,' ' arid Diok Grimes. ' ' And hero's to the memory of every poor fellow that ovor wont to rest at tbo bottom of Ibo sea, whether by fair moans or foul." "Foul? echoed Jolm Marston. 1 " Why,, yes/' rojolnod Dick Orimoa ; Mbeai words wcro put fnto iiijr hogd by strange yarn I heard earlier in tho ovenlng. Tbo south cono Is up, and a vessol from Australia ran into tho harbor I tin afternoon. Tbo captain and tho mato came ffirJioro and joined Bill I'oarco ond mo in a g!nt>at tbo Barking Smack. Tho captain i# a youngish man, named — — . Th-iro ! I bad it on tho tip of my tongue, hut now it's gone- Nover uiind ; lie spun uh u yarn about something as hnppcd to him eomo ycure ago." Dick Grimes emptied hi glass, refilled it, moistened bin lip, aud went on speaking. "Ho'deccu lough timo when beforo tho mast, and otico when ho wns outward bound a rcg'lar cycloue camo on nnd dashod tho vool on to— rocks, I think ho Raid, and ho aud tho captain wcro swept overboard with a spur and a heap of tangled riggiu.' They clutched it tight, for grim death wa near; but there wann t room for two, or at least so tho captain thought. Ho shouted to him toquit hi hold, and ho— you nndorstind ho wan only a common sailor— then shouted back that lifo won nn dear to him an any man in tho world. There wus n sweetheart praying for liim on nhorco, and ho'd no wish to punch whilu there was tho ghost of a elroneo of lim being aaved.Now, what does tho captain do"«» Dick Grimes emptied bin gins, nnd toolc tho liberty of stirring up tlio flro. John Marston nut a motion!': us n statue hewn out of marble, and looking almost lis r/hlto and cold. Q "Now, wlmt doos tho Captain do?" Grimes repeated. "Why, ohm him, ho leaned over and clutched tho youiig fiillow'i throat, and held on till hi finger loosened and ho drifted n way; but not to Dnvoy Jono's looker, for ho was picked up by a pnaiing ve.«o)( nnd n» tbo crow wassfiort-handed, flu signi! urtiehw nnd sailed witli her, and buinjf a handy sortof a fellow, roto stop by stop until uo'h uow u captain hiV»elf. 'J'tiat'H n eur'uu eurt of yum, isn't it John Mareton I" Tim man addressed remained silent. " 1 nlionld think," Dick GrimcH roU/iicd, " that you novur hcorcd tho liko of it." " No," John .MursUm replied hoarsely. " Whoro did tlio affair take plaeo ?" " My memory's goln' fast, but I think ho raid it was off tho Cornish eouit." It wu'» on tho etroko of midnight, and John Mareton moved slowly towardu tho door nnd opened it. Tho rain drifted in, but ho lot it beat upon hi upturned faco. His lip quivered hr if ho woro praying silently, aud thon ho suddmly returned lo tho room, whoro Dick Grimos hnd got bis baton, cod wa gathering up his cribbago monoy. "I thought you'd liko to hear tho yarn about ro wonderful un cscapo," ho onid. " If ever you should make up your mind to eomo out of your shell and bo convivial like, you kunw whero to find mo. Good night,' or ruythcr, good moruin', for thoro go the bolls," John Mention slammed tho door, and H'.aggoring into tho room, dropped heavily into a chair. Tho sudden rush of air extm- tiDguiahed tho lamp, but hn (teemed scarcely aware of the fact. Ho thrust his fingers into his ears to flint out the merry pealing of tho bells, but thoy would not bo denied. ' Much had a voice of its own, aud each said tho ennio tiling. " Thero is bono for all honest men, but nono for you," tbey seemed to say. "Look yonder — yonder — yonder. All ! buso, cowurdly roan, wlmt huvo you dono? Sco— Aud ho raw, but not as it wcro witli his eycM bedimmed with ago, but with Htartliug vividness. Ho was on tbo doomed voel ; she had struck, und was settling down. Ho nailed to tho rocu that all wuHover, and heard thcirfdirioksof despair. Ono after tho olhor they disappeared iu the gloom nnd flyiugsprny, i nu«l then ho found himself battling in tho (urging ocean. Something touched bis hnnd. Ho suited it frantically, nud diseovorod it to buu spar snapped liken reed from tho voshcI. There was hope still loft, but it was a shallow ono. Tho lifeboat was coming ha know, from tho signals ho had rem ou land; but would tho gallant inou ceo him in tho uitchy blackness. Wildly ho oriod for holn, for tho spar Hoomcd to be siuking under Ids weight. Aud then ho saw that it boro yot another burden btsid«-H him-olf. A man was elinjriug to it, moving baud ovor hand towards him. "Sine me, sir!" tho poor wrotel) criod. " Oh, in pity's tiamo, unvu inc. I am wounded and faint. Stretch out your arm and haul my flhouldcra above tbo water. Oh, sir, do not lot nro perish within night of land. . . . Ah ! monster iu human form, my bonea wtllnovor rest V/liilo you livo I will haunt you. " And ho has haunted mo," cried John Marston, starting up. " In my frenzy, in inytiolfishno(H I struck him, but ho thall bo revenged. I yuvo him up to tho Hca, nnd tbfa night 1 will join him in his ocean grave." Ho was mail now, hut calm and mathodical in his maduesfl. Ho stolo up tho Ntnim in tlio darkness, but thoro was light cuough for tho prcparntionfl ho luid to roako. Behind tho door hung a thick pilot jaukct ; he put it on, and buttoned it uloso under his chin. Then ho opened a Headiest and filled his pockets with every weighty nrtiolo he could find, and then wont down fttairs again to relight tho lamp and to write. Aud this In what bo wrote "if uny Tclativo of Hubert Hocco, who saticd from Hull in tho Fortuno on 2Hth Dceombor, 1600, can bo found, lo him or her I givo all 1 possess, Theso nro tho words of a dying man, and I hopo thoy will bo obeyed." 'Ibis ho loft upon upon tho table, but wroto another loltor to hiH Holicitor in Lon don, giving him similar but fuller instruc tions, nnd, scaling aud stamping it, put ou liis hat nud went forth into tho Rtormy night. Tlio wind and tho bolls woro engaged In a noisy conflict, but tho bolls always had tho best of tho fight. They rofusod to bo Bilenccd — thoy nover stopped lulling tho world that tho Now Year was born ; whereas tho galo hushed its voicu for a momont as if to tnko breath, and then began to bollow I havo said tliat John Tklarston wns tnnd, and stark staring mad ho wns, or bo would not have fauoicd thut tba spent ro of Hubert Heoco ntnlked at Ids side. " I'atioueo — patience !" muttcrod tho dc- mcntod inuu, " Ccuso your mouthing and gibbering. You will havo your revengo boforo many tnluules nro over.' Ho kuow tliat tho pierhead would bo do- scrtod, that tiio water was ilyim: ia shcots ovor it, nnd that tbo nugry v/aven wcro putting tho lingo woodon piles driven dcop into tho sand to tho uUnosttcst. Onco the swirling waves eloRcd ovor Ijis head no humuu jiower could savo him. Tho wulor would rush down his throat, fill his ears and nostrils, then would eomo a rushing blow, and then— death 1 - Not a living orcaturo did ho meat, hut nearly ovcty houso wan uglow with light. On tho blind of many a window ho row tho fdiaddwM of men, women und children joining hands ; ho heard thoir voices hinging"Auld Lung Byno," and know that thoy worohanpy; for though tho oarth might olosu ovor bora ami tlicra ono, tho spirit of lovo remains, and Uvea on in tho elornnl Ibiul. Light, shndow, voice. died away a ho ap proached tho sea. It was raging nnd thun dering on tho storm-tortured bench. Sand nndshmgio woro fiyitigln wild Bhoweru, and John lfiuretan was glad of it. It was a fit night for what ho had to do. Thero wero only n few house and tho harbor bridge to pasn. Tho bridgomun in his hut was roaring a song to a select party of frionds. Ho coascu singing us John Marston appnmohed, nnd oatno out, .bearing a lantern in his lmud. "Gaud night, Grimes! Good night, Fcarco, nnd a happy Now Yo&r; to ull," cried n eheory votoo. " It's many a year Rtnno I walked to tho top of tho town, but I think I Tho light of tho lantern «himo upon tlio Rpoaher's manly faco. John Murstou kiw it, and with a wild cry that startled many a mciry-makur, ho tiling up his urina nud went down liko a Btone. "Bring him in," shouted Dick Grimes, 'ami ooo of you run for a doctor. Bctce, you'd better (direr olf while wo bring him round mid break tho now to Mm gootly. I did 'my best to-night, but ho didn't seem to got his mooring properly fixed, nud hn lookud ro queer that I nidu t iiliii to toll him muro just Uicu." . " I'll go for tho doctor mjfiolf," Bccco re plied. " Uhouhl ho eomo round boforo I return, toll him that an trim a tho btllo uro ringing, I am willing to tuho Ids hand. MutoJ, wo who go to sua, und carry our liven in our hand, know tho vnluo of tho words, Forgivo nnd forgot.'" Ttio not for mo to Hay how it all camo about, but on Now Year's Day Juhu Mareton looked twenty years younger. And thero was ho and Captain llobort Beoco, urm iu arm, now going to tho telograph oftieo, and then, as ovoning closed, to tho railway station to moot a comely young luatrmi and two chubby toys and girls, nil of thannmo of Heeco. Dick Grimes and BUI iVaroo went about nrm-in-aiin, too, und uot without ttomo rosson, for joy, if notldug else, had Imparted to thoir legs a strong tcadomiy to wnndor. Thero wn n glorioti mtetlugtbatniKhtut JohnMarst'ui'Hhntuio.uud h'vf9ro it broke u>, boforo Dkk Grimes won Ruddcnlr to sleep, tho Iwo chief octore of my story joined bauds. "Forgivo!" said John Mareton. " Ay, that I do with all my heart," ro« plied Heeco, "nnd I'll forgot too. sink tho past, nnd if wo don't rcuiniu friends, it will bo hard and strantroto me." From that hour John Mareton was an aliened man. Ho became jovial, communica tive, kept an open ht»u«o, and no longer shraok from tbo socioty of mnriuer bold. " Tho way ho win games and pick Up Ihom sirpcnccB," Dick Grimes said ono day, in confidcnco to Bill Fcarco, " fs perfectly wondorluJ. But, lor' bless you, it docs my hoiirt trood to hc him do It I And then what lino rum ho keeps -"Weokly Budget." 