Bolt) Martin's Little Girl, A NOVEL Bv DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of " Jose ph* a Coat," " Aunt Vachel," "Rainbow Gold," 4c. [AXL EIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER I. A pair of lovera were strolling along an English country lane, the sun had fallen half an hour before, but its beams were still reflected in the zenith, so that through the over-arcbing boughs of lofty hedge rows, and the trees studded about them, there fell a radiance which, though soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for the mau and maid to read each other's faces. The male, as was natural, took ardent advantage of his opportunity, and walking with drooping head and sidelong face, kept his eyes fixed upon the girl's half-averted features. She, for her part, stole only au occasional glauco at him, each time swiftly withdrawn. She was not pre-eminently pretty, except to a lover's eyes, but her face was full of a vivacious tenderness, and at every fugitive glance she gave him her companion's heart j earned over her. \ " You are quite sure you love me ?" said the young man, putting the question for the 20fch time that evening. The girl's shy glance met his for a moment and drooped again. She gave him no furthor response, but for a while at least he seemed satisfied, and they walked on slowly in the gathering dusk, until at the corner of the lane he put his arm about her'waist, and drawing her gently to him, arrested her footsteps. She laid her head upon his breast with no pretence of coyness as he stood with . his arms folded about her shoulders. They were as ^appy as love and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have a right to be. But whilst they stood thus in silence, the noise of a figure crashing through the hedge-row startled them apart, and an intruder landed in the roadway almost at the lovers' feet. Of the three the new comer seemed the most disturbed. He peered through the gloom first at one and then at the other of the pair upon whose solitude he had unwittingly broken, and once or twice his lips moved as if he would willingly have framed some sort of apology , but never a word he spake. With each second that went by the silence bade fair to be more embarrassing, but the girl, re covering her equanimity somewhat, tardily broke the awkward spell. " Good evening, Mr. Hethóridge." The intruder made shift to pluck off his hat and to stammer a response, of which no word was audible. With that he moved away leaving the lovers alone, in a con siderable momentary embarrassment. They had scarce recovered themselves when the intruder was back again, and even in the deepening dusk it was plainly to be seen that he had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside his confusion. He carried his shoulders in decidedly truculent fashion and grasped his walking stick by the middle with the air of a man who means business. " I don't want to interrupt you just now, Mr. Redwood," ko began, and there paused to moisten his lips with his tongue. " But if it's convenient to you I should like a word with you before the night's out." " Very good," returned the lover, catch ing Bhade of the intruder's mariner. " Nam« your time," said the intruder. " Will 10 o clock suit you ?" " Perfoctly ; I'll call on you. at that time." With that he swung upon his heel and marched rapidly away, his footsteps sounding on the sun-baked road, whilst he walked 100 yards or so and then falling suddenly into silence as he vaulted a stile and took his way through the deep grasB of a hav meadow. " George;'' said the''girl, laying an im ploring hand on her companion's arm. '.You won't quarrel, will youF" " My darling," George responded, passing an arm about her waist, " I've nothing to quarrel about as far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a quarrelsome turn of mind." " You have nothing to quarrel about," the girl answered, " but he has, or at least he thinks he has." "Oh," George answered, laughing, " that's an old Btory, and I should think by this time he's had the sense to forget all about it. Wc fought about it in our school days, but we're grown men now, the pair of us, and it would be a pity iE a pair ot' sensible people should fall to loggerheads over a dead and buried old yarn like that." "It isn't dead and buried for John Hetheridge," the girl responded. "He be lieves it to this day, he was speaking to Sir Eustace aboutit only this morning. He was speaking angrily and noisily as he does sometimes, and the gardener over heard them. Aunt Mary told me at tea time this evening. She was afraid that there would always be black blood between them." "Well, inj dear," the young man answered easily, " it takeB two to make a quarrel. My father used to say that anger was as catching as the measles, but I've never found it so. If Jack Hetheridge likes to be a fool he must take his way singly. I promise you be shan't tempt nie to keep him company." They began to walk on slowly once more, the young man fondling his com panion's ungloved hand, and now and then stooping to kiss it. It was almost dark by this time, and eaoh saw the other's face only as a pale featureless blot on the back ground of the gloom. The girl paused suddenly in her walk, and, throwing both arms about her lover, clung to him tightly, and he, raising his hand to her face, found it was wet with tears. "Why, Ellice darling," he demanded tenderly, " what's the matter ? You don't use being like this. There's no danger in the world. I'm not afraid of Jack Hethe ridge -of all men in the world, and 3 ou shan't be, if I can help it. Now, don't worry, my darling ; dry your eyes and think no more about it." " There's something else, George," the girl whispered, still clinging to him. At this George started with a sudden divination. " Oh, that's it, is it ?" he asked with a certain dryness in his tone, " he's had the cheek to have it out at last, has he ?" "You knew about it?" Ellice asked him in a whisper which barely reached his ears. " Why, my dear," George answered, " it stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl as much as I do you--" He paused there to emphasise his speech by a hug anda kiss. "When a man loves a girl as much as I do you, it makes him pretty keen to see when any body else is hanging about af ter her. I could always be sure that you never liked the fellow, and that if I went single it wouldn't be for his sake. When did you send him about his business, darling?" " He ßpoke to me yesterday," she if she had been confessing- a guilty secret. " So late as that," said George, "l ean understand his being a bit rusty lighting on us in that sudden way awhile ago ; if I'd come on him in the same way I should have been like enough to break his head for him. But then Of course it would have been different, for! should have known the beggar wasn't there by your good will. But don't let's think of him any more, my dear j he shall have his talk to-night, and I'll tell you all about it in the morn ing. In the meantime there are lots of pleasanter things in tho world than Jack Hethèridge for you or me to think about, and here's one of them. When's the day to be, my darling ? When are you going to make me the happiest man in Worcester shire?" answered, in a shame She put these queries bj, and he grew tenderly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. He grew more ardent still, and frightened ner deliciously with his kisses, protestations and embraces, until atlast she gave him an answer. They would be married that day three months, and on that delightful understanding he conducted her .to her own garden, gate, bade her a Lover-like good-night there, and swung off homeward to meet the intruder Of an hour and a half before.. His mother, a quiet, grey-haired old woman, Bat knitting in the parlor by the Hght of a pair of tall candles. " I've done it at last, mother," he said, as he Btooped to kiss her." "Whathas't done, lad?" the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. " I doubt," the young fellow answered, laughingly, "that you'll want a bit of practice,« but you'll have to stand lip for one dance at le°at this day three months." " Oh, oh 1" said the old lady. " You've spoken to ElHce ?" > " Yes, mother," the young man respon ded, " I've spoken to Ellice, and we're to bo married this day three months." The mother rose and kissed him, and cried over him a little, as tender mothers will sometimes in such a case. " Who'd ha' thought of little Ellie Green away and you a growin' up to be man and wife together ? Well, well, she's a pretty gell, George, and a good gell, and I think she'll make you happy. . And, if you're as good a husband as you've been a son to me, she's got a prize in ten thousand. You've got your mother's blessin', George, my lad." This affectionate colloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door. " There's Jack Hetheridge," said George. " I met hi na in Barstow-lane a while ago, and he said he wanted a word with me. He's come for it now, I guess." "It's private business, George?" his , mother asked. " Yes," said George. " I suppose it's private business. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry for it, too. What are the maids about?" The knocking at the front door was re newed more loudly than before, and George himself answered the summons. " There's nobody hard of hearing in this house, Jack," he said as he opened the door. " Come in. We'll have our our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there." He led the way through the pitch dark hall, with, the assured foot of custom. The visitor followed him gropingly fora yard or" two, and then coming into collision with some unseen piece of furniture cursed quietly to himself and waited. By-and-bye George appeared in a doorway with a candle, and beckoned to the self-invited guest. "Now Jack," he asked, when they were seated, together, with the light between them, "what's the word about?" They were a strongly and even strangely assorted pair to look at. There was scarcely a difference ot! a month iii their ages, but Hetheridge might easily have been taken for George's senior by . half a score of jeara His features were thin and puckered, his forehead was prematurely bald, his thin lips ruled a hard, straight line, which dipped suddenly at the corners, and his pale grey eyes were restless and angry looking as they wandered hither and thither in their shiftiness, as i f their owner were seeking something to revenge a spite upon.' His hair, his eyebrows, and his little bits of side whiskers were all of the same no-color, but unusually crisp and wiry. A. mere rime of closely shaven beard sparkled in the candlelight upon his cheeks and chin. He had a nervous knack of lengthening the jaw, and scraping with thumb and finger over this close trimmed, stubble in such a way as to elicit a faintly audible sound. In stature he was slight, but inclined to be tall. The man who faced him, waiting for the opening of the conversation, was a well built deep-chested fellow witb a fresh, un wrinkled face, a kindly aspect, and large, bluish grey eyes that looked as open and as honest as the day. "Now, Jack," he asked a second time, as. Hetheridge sat scraping furtively at his lean jaw and sending his vexed glance everywhere butin the direction of his com panion--" Now, Jack, what is it ?" Hetheridge seemed at ri rat in no hurry to answer, but suddenly he bunged the walk ing-stick he carried on the unclothed table, and leaning forward looked his rival for the first time in the face. " You're iu my way, George Redwood," he began, with a directness for which an observer would have been unlikely to give him credit. " Oh," said George, with a tranquil lift ing of the eyebrows j " perhaps you'll tell me how." " Your father was in my father's way," said Hetheridge, dropping his glance and clutching his stout walking-stick in both hands as though he strove to break, it* " Your father was in my father's way, and you're in mine." " Now, look here, Jack," returned Red wood, " I'm sick of that ridiculous old story. If you've come here to talk about that you might as well save your breath to cool your porridge." " Your father," said Hetheridge, " robbed my father of 850 acres lying between the brook and Bristol-lane. The world knows that. You know it as well as I do." " YOB," George answered, " just as well as you do. lt's a foolish lie, and there's an end of it. Your father wasn't a careful man j mine was. One wasted money and the other made it. Your father drank and raoketed his lands away, and my father bought 'em with honest money made in honest business. Go where jou like, ask anybody who knows the story, and they'll tell you the same thing." " Your father robbed my father," per sisted Hetheridge riiddenly. " I shouldn'tbe aggrieved," Redwood an swered with a cool contempt, " at any thing you might Bay, even if I supposed that you believed it. Nobody but a born, fool could believe that yarn of yours in face of the evidence, and you're not a born fool, Jack Hetheridge." " Your father robbed my father," Hetheridge sui«l again, " and you've robbed me." "Is that so?" Redwood asked in the same tone of cool contempt, "now will you be so good as to tell me how ?" " You know how, well enough," Hether idge returned. He set bis stick across his knee and tugged at it with all his force. " Well, no," drawled »George, with an irritating unconcern. ". I cannot precisely say I do. Perhaps you'll be good enough to explain tV e matter." " Who- " began Hetheridge. He stopped, choking at the word. " Well," demanded Redwood. " Who who what ?" "Whocame in between me and Ellice Greenaway?'' [le to eridge flashed at him, lifting his wrathful eyes suddenly and glaring, at George across the table. " i can answer that question in a minute," George responded, "it was I and Miss Greenaway that came in between you and Miss Greenaway. If you'd been another man and she'd been another woman you might have hit it off to perfec tion." Hetheridge's face was pale, and his voice shook a little as he spoke. "You camé between us, George Red wood. I've cared for her ever since I was a lad. I've cared about her, and I've let her see it." He spoke as if he had to lay a desperate compulsion on himself to speak at all, and what with the reality of his rage and the tenseness of the hold with which he clutched the walking-stick across his knee his whole figure vibrated. " I've been her follower and her servant these .15 years, since she was a little thing running about in short frocks, and up till now. I never cast a thought on any other girl and never shall. I've always meant to marry her, and I rae au to marry her $ and as sure as God's alive, George, the man that crosses me has got to fight me for her." ' The man spoke with an anguish so easily to be seen that the successful rival felt a touch of pity. ««Look here, Jack," he said, "what's the use of talking. Suppose we two should fight-suppose you make an end of me, do you think you'd be any nearer marrying Ellice for that ? I never heard it was the way to a girl's heart to kill the man she honored with her liking." ; V " You came in between us," Hetheridge said again, in a dull, 1 ired way this time, " and you'll have to suffer for it. If I can't marry her nobody else shall." ' " Man alive," cried the other, with a half-contemptuous, half-angered laugh, "man alive, you're mad; you got your answer yesterday." "She told you that, did she?" cried Hetheridge, wrathfully. " Yes," said George, " she told me. She had a right to tell me. We shall be married, please God, this day three months." " You think so,'? Hetheridge answered. " We shall see." " Of course we shall," George answered, dryly. " And now, Jack, if you've no more good sense to lavish on me, I'll say * Good night.' I should suppose that you'd be very satisfying1 even to a craving stomach, and I've had no appetite for you at any time. Take the dish away, John." (TO BR COmXNUKD. ) 