A ROMANTIC STOHY. The Pnr«9 cfr-O'n'UHlout of . a L"li Inn . paper relate tho foMow.ing :-Tlie;RO«slpi« of Park nro now juBt full of oub -nf thnao romancen in r-#l liToon uhiuh ihoybvo to dwell. Not long ngo thure dlod at Vuraiilluit nn ngod xhhlemnn nn'mo'l lhrno, who onjed Iho rlii-linclrun of bring (ho \- lust nihiiiror of Mario Antoinette wIioho; memory ho worfihippo'l up I" hlfi lint fhty. Tho paHsiigo of anolhor Hnrnrliinil« Qiioot thrniigh Park a woak ngo has brought to light another similar cneo. - Like tho wife of Louis XVI, the Q-ieon of to d-iy ro-. ferred to hn« her anonymous miming whose Invo, tliouuh nnt nttHicd lo u ahadow, as was that of llio Into M. do Tliiac, ill none the leae without hnpo, as will bo won from tho dotnik winch follow, and for smna Y '!,n dehted to a wrlti-r in Iho M« m Y U anpearo that about a tw9lvomonth ngn tho Comto de P— — , a youns nohjcinan of . ' ancient fiuni'y, Ray. gno'Monkimr, inn witty, poBHCsaing a largo forhmo, nn' , "» addition, holrothcd (o a hindreino young Indv of title, sudden! v . deserted thn fashionable nlons:o/whi(--h ho xrn ono of ihninnRt brilliant Tirfltmntvr, and, willinni informing fdtlior his pnrvnls or frien rut out , fof a long- vnynuf. It was tra- . .covered that ho had cmbarlrad nt.Mar- nellies for nn unknown destination, hu Hint was nil Of tho cwiro of ins nbrnpt -departure nothing coiild ho «r|l»« "!- r. For seven month1 ho wns thu tn.k of tho town, Imt ovcn'ually ho .became forgoltan, and it was onlv rcconily (hat his onmo ngnin turned up in aoclolv. It-now ap- > pen re that '.nt ''the timo when tho papers ; were taken , up whh iho cnnjugul- mts- -fortuncH of the Quoon in qunshon, Hir . count, like many other p3reonr,.o lowed with great intoreet tlio events which wore happening in her country. Mored by a. cldvnlrous sentiment hn did not fad « rapouse her enure, which hn-l nrousod the sympathy of tho French. Hu undo her acquaintance by means of ' the mimnrous portraits and biographies pubhshou ot «-r- Hnnce it was that, when sho was re- nudiated by her husbaud and rought ro- fngs in a foreign cxllv, ; llio count, in a aidrit- of curiosity easy to underelunu, rc- s dvod to como' across lior in order lo sae ' for once in hk Hfo tho unhappy Queen in whore fnto ho felt fo much concern. After iriony ntlempls lio nt lonqlh mot her at Fontiiinohloatt ono day when nlw wan; out: .... in nn opon enrringo; Tho rod coahimo which sho wore ncconlmitod tho pnl«- ' .... fontnrna wln'o ll'lf IllfCO blsrk oyee ovui(ioved with sad hnt " nwtet melancholy. Her buauly mule » a dep improsnm on lh«i yonnu count Porhnps at that moment ho rocallwl to mind tho euh'imo dovotion of thoso heroes of another age, when a glenco from thoir sovereign sufficed to inspire them witli tlio courage necessary for tlio accomplish ment of gront nnd glorious deeds. In any case, from, that moment tho character of tho count changed completely, without anybody knowing tho motive. IIis name, fortune, and situation became insupportable to him sinco tho royal lady of his heart could not share tliom. Despairing of ovor obtaining her favors, he conceived uio idea, quixotic butgenorous, of consecrating all lm rind In llin nrtmnisJltion of a popular movemont which would rogam for hor tho throne of which sho had been violently de prived. But tho idea wns never carried out. Why, nobody can say. Perhaps, like a sensible man, no ultimately porcoivcd the ridiculous and impracticable sido of such an adventure, and blnmod hhnsolffor indulging in such an audacious dream ; perhaps, also, somo unexpected docoption stopped short his gallant ardour. At tho cna of a voyage, destined to mako himself forgotten, tho count cluivncterislicnlly re turned to Paris, and, renouncing his naujo, friends, tho pleasures of iho world, and the brilliant position to which ho wob entitled, shut himself up in a small apartment on the left bank of tho Seine. From that date his apartment has been turned into a veritable museum of souvenirs relating to the youag and unhappy Queen on whom he had fixed his affections. Besides numerous portraits and biographies and looks con nected with hor history, tho count possesses a collection of other objects, tho majority of no value to tlio profano, hut precious to him, which ho has spared no pains in acquiring at often fabulous prices. ; All those cherished momentoes nro carefully labelled and catalogued and shut up in I cupboard, tho doors of which ore opened only when discouraged and de spairing lie foils the wanl of placing him self in communication wi'li ihorulics of . bin fair love to ehoer nnd strengthen him. During his Jokiire hours bo has written his memoirs. In which ho describes hk secret ind fruitless affection fqr thu Q»iecn. nc- compnnicd by nulcs of a certain historical value, all comporedin picturesque lant?ungo. ' Two volumes aro already finished, and will he puiikshed, but whon, nobody, not even himself, knows. Snmo fniitmonti of them, however, havo boon shown to tho writer in the " Matin." who says that thoy. are sincere and tomh<ng ami interesting from many points of view. .Thy contain, too, a curious onalvris of tho singtlar paieioo which hns taken ooracsrionof him, and whi> h k nB deep and fervent as ovor, in spite of tho hopelessness of over realising it. Rarely doos ho leuvo his arurtmcnt, and when ho doss it is merely to take a short stroll in tho gardciia of llio Luxembourg. So (.-hanged is ho that his most intimato friends of yoro fail to re cognise him on ho walks along wrapped in thought, with his eyes dull and sunken nod his face as pale as a ghost. At times ha will draw from his breast pnekut a mail golden locket and gaze on its con tents— th« portrait of the Queon whom ho has vowed to worship ( till hia last dying moments, after which it will bo placed in his coffin on his heart. The awiohing of the cow's tail, so troublesome to tbo milker, but relieving to iho cow, may be prevented by tho uro of a milking sheet, mede to sever tho cow all ovor. It k drawn togothor trader tho cow by small hooks, and by applying to iho legs an infusion of tun<y, tho cow may bo milked in poaco. Tlik p'aut is never toucned by any inject, aixl rubbing ( a horse with a handful of it will deliver liiui from the files which torment him on the road. An Infurion of it is also distasteful to such vogotablo parasites as tho cabbage worm, and other caterpillars. Tbo Milk dairyman is often at hk wit's end to prevent souring of the milk in the hi>t season when tho moisture in the air taureo the heat to become nraro than usually Intolerable. To ko;p tho milk sweet then every precaution must l e token. It is not a serious aduUrraiiu to add a small quantity of carbonnm of tnil.i, or potatb, to the milk, to nn'itiulko iho slightly acid change produced iu ihu in Ik by the In at and bacteria, and I hn small quantity required has no uppreciaiilu cfifuct on the milk. 'J ho rarboiPitu of tntU . in the milk is changed into lactate, and (hu corbonto acid is given off, while thu lactic add ia neutralised, and thu milk k kept from souring. Dissolving an ounce of the soda in somo of tho milk and then mixing the solution through a forly-gallon \- Careful, may rnvo tho whulu from lois dariog times of excessive heat. | 