The Tuvt. rUv Hungkuaii.T St. Lawrence Animal Rnces took place oil May 2, and passed oil most successfully. Tho results wore as follows i — v'aiden Plato. — Little Bob 1, Vagrant 2. St;- Lawrence Handicap. — Warat-ah 1, i opia 2, Brian 3. Siros' Prodnco Stako3. — Larrikin 1, Sweot Briar 2. Broadsound Jockey Club Handi cap. — Megf.phono II. (7st) 1, Waratah (9st) 2. Haok Race. -Spot 1, Little Maggie and Wyandotla a dead heat for second place. Mombors' Race. — Sepia 1, Commo- doro 2. Wiud-up Handicap.— Norman 1, Goldfinch 2. So suc.'ossful wero tho abovo that another program mo was arranged for tlio following day, when tlio results wore ; — Flying Handicap.— 'Bally Sooundus 1 ; Sepia 2\. Hurry Scurry.— Tommy 1, Little Maggie 2\. Farcwoll Handicap. — Brian 1, Brigalcw Jack 2. Consolation Handicap.— Goldfinch 1, Vyandotta 2. The Ipswich Autumn Meeting took place on May 2. . Tho proceedings bogan with a Hurdlo Race, whioh, through tho misfortune which befol Rocket at one of tho fences when lie held a strong lead, was won by tho old chestnut horie Drummor, who fonced iu his usual faultless stylo and fooght out an ox- citiug finish suo ossf ally with Ingham. Blaok Eaglo scoured tho Trial StakeB from Minster Bell and eigl|t other startors, and Mr. Hunter's spoody but hithorto disap pointing filly Ayeshnli for once took it into hor hoad to run kindly, and won tho Light- ning Stakes vory cloverly from Wulumbin, who started a vory hot favorite. A lot of interest wns ovincod in the loading ovont of tho mooting— tho Club Handicap— and on tho strength of tho oxaollont form which she has shown in tho past tho Derby winner, Splendido, was entrusted with the most sup port, although Duuibboy was also well backed. The race, however, was not a satis factory one to haokors, the winner turning up in tho Ipswich colt Musician, who got clear of his field just in time to reach the post with an advantago of balf-a-length from the favorite. The Galloway Handicap proved a win for Laura, and in the Farewell Handloap Sir Oliver beat- . Reprieve by half- a-lcngtb, the favorite, Musician,' a: nook away third. The iiooeptanees for the Q.T.C. Handicaps wore published on Wednesday last. They are: — Brisbane Cup. — Realm, . Stromboli, King Olaf, Elymas, Splendido, Babel, Prime Minister, Sing Song, Talkative, Musician, Decoy, Lord Headington, Whoatband, Saturn, Lady. Moretoa Handicap. — Realm; Siromboli,' King Olaf, Elymas, Splendido, Tallboy, Babol, Primo Minister, Dumbboy, Sing Song, Talkative, Musioiau, Foreman, Mirabilis, Lord Headington, Zingara, Decoy, The Wandering Jew, Rivulet-, Saturn, Sir Oliver, Wheatband, l'abooba, Pink, Lady. The following are tl'o nominations for the Mnttaburra handicaps, which will bo run on May 2G and 27:— Flying Hiiudioap. — Serf, Wlioatihoaf, Mark Taploy, Ring, Sir Thomas, Hobnrt, Marshal Soult, Magnet, Glare, Flirt, Contest, Luokstono. Esper, Shining Light, Montague, Vina, Powdorhatn, Clod hopper. Cumberland Handicap. — Mariner, Serf, Whoatshoaf, Mark Taploy, Royalty, Roue, Sir Thomas, Magnet, Glare, Luck- stone, Lucky Boy, Esper, Montaguo, Powder- ham, Clodhopier. Mnttaburra Handicap. — Mariner, Whcalsheaf, Mark Taploy, Roy alty, BouA Sir Thomas, Westland, Magnet, Glare, Richmond Gem, Luokstono, Lucky Boy, Montague, Clodhopper. The nominations for all the ovents except tlio hack races, in conneotion with the Birthday Meeting of tho North Rockhamp ton Jookey Club, must bi in tho hands of tho seoretary on Friday next, acceptances are due on tho following Friday. The following nominations have boon re ceived for the Richmond Downs J C. Annual Meeting : — LidieB1 Bracelet. — Ettio, Vanity Fair, Tattler, Standard, Sn'.tan, Vicar, Kil- many. Crawford Handicap.- St. Qooigo, Sailor, Frenzy, Tattler, Bortie, Spitfire, Vicar, Kilmany. Corinthian Handicap. — Vanity Fair, Spitfire, Sunbeam, Sultan, Vicar, Kilmany. Richmond Downs Jockey Club Handicap.— St. Goorgo, Sailor, Ettio, Bertio, Tattler, Spitfire, Sunbeam, Thunder- boll, Vicar, Kilmany. The Charters Towers Handicaps were pub lished last week. Liko the Q.T.C. weights tboy are vory complimentary to the Sydney ontrieB, Independent of Stromboli. the best nt the weights for the anunal hnndioaps ap pear to be Richmond, Dumbboy, Forty Winks, and Musi .inn. Gildns is treated very harshly, having to give Forty Winks 101b. In tho Birthday Meeting, tho Winter Handicap should bo a moral for tho laht named, who is awarded 8st 71b, whllo Gildns, who was only allotted Gst 21b in tho Sydnoy Cup, is now awarded Ost 31b. I am informed tbat Mr. C. E. Brown has purchased through the agency of Mr. Pount- noy a two-year-old bay filly named Camer- ina, by Agamemnon from Camilla, by Now- bold, and ivlio is engaged in the Q.T.C. SireB' Produco Stakes tbis month. Tho vondor was Mr. A . Scott, of Nanango. Several raeeliorsoB wore offered at auction by Mr, Robert EussoU on tho 26th inst., (rays " tlormit" in tho C '1'. Miner) and Count found a purohnsor in Mr, J. Mosch at 109 guinoas, while Proximo was knocked down to tho same buyer at 39 guineas. Olive, Miss Fisher and. Bolivar wore all passed in. Tho following nro the chequos paid away over the Easter mooting : — Mr. R. L. Chiro- sido nnd Mr. J. M.Carroll, £100 each, Mr. P. Duff, £G6, Mr. E. Lindsoy, and Mr. G. Bur- goss each £-10, Messrs. E Hawkins, P. Han- non, D. Clomoshn, IC. Eraser, and J. Pattor- son, £10 a-pioco, and Mr. F. Jobnstono, £5. I have received from tho soorotary, Mr. W. Bacon, tho programme of tho Peak .Downs T.C. Annual Meeting to be hold on July G and 7. It inolndes First Day.— Maiden Plato, 25 sovs, 1 mile ; Hack Race, 10 sovs, 'J mile; ladies' Mile, 30 sovs; P.D.T.C. Handicap, 75 sovs, 2 miles; Mom bors' Handioap, 30 sovs, 7 furlongs ; Grand Btnnd Stakes, 30 sovs, mile; and Town Plate, 35 sovb, 1 mile. For tho second day tlio programme is a» follows Flying Han dioap, 25 sovs, G furlongs; Sires' Produco Stakes. !j mile; Distriob Pinto, 30 sovs, ' mile ; Clermont Handicap, 50 sovs, 1 miles ; Soiling ltapo, 30 sovs, 7 furlongs ; Hurdlo Raco, 30 sovs, 1J miles; Wind-up Handicap, 25 sovs, 1 mile. "Rattlor" says:— In consequenco of tho st«tomente whioh have been made publio regarding tbo rioatti of tlio hurdlo liorso Emoraid at tho intt raco mooting hold at Eaglo Farm, I hoar that tho olficoro of the Socioty for tlio Prevention of Cruelty have boon making inquiries iuto tho cironmstanoos of the caeo. . So far thoy have not boon able to obtain any ovidonco which w»uld warrant thorn in taking proceedings, and to savo them farther trouble it may bo as wall to state that thero is no'suoh evidonoe, for the Blmple reason that the faots of tho master have been oruolly misrepresented. After ills fall in the Hurdle Raco on tlie first day of the meeting Emerald war taken baok to bis stnblo, and from that timo until tho fol lowing Monday nothing whatovor transpired to show that the horso wsb in any way hurt by tho fall beyoad sustaining a flesh out on the stifle. He took his feed as usual; and when he was sent to the post for his Becond ossay.it was. moro than once remarked that tho horse looked much brighter than on the first day. Ho was apparently all right when the fUg fall, and raced well enough for tho first two furlongs of tho race, -bat aftor getting ovor the first hurdle, his rider, Albert Colley, noticed that something bad gone wrong, and at once eased him up, but allowed him to canter on as far as tlio sovon-furlong post, where he pulled him up and dismounted. Tho' horse staggered ft strido or two back towards tbo saddling pad- dook) and thon fell dead. This is a strictly accural o and impartial account of what took placo up to the timo of the' horse's death, so , that it will be seon that no notion of uriiolty was perpetrated. Tbe owner of the horse, Mr. T. Brown, would bo tbe last man in the world to allow a horso of his to bo "ridden to deal h;" and to maintain tho reputation of a careful trainer like Mr. Blucklock, and au equally careful horseman liko Colley, such shamoful allegations muBb net bo allowed to go uncontradicted. Mr. R. Christison, of Lammormoor (says "Hermit") has imported a couplo of thor oughbred sires from England, and being moat fashionably bred they should be. of in estimable scrviao towards tho improvomont of the breed of raaehorsos in the North! I truBt they will be suitably matod, in which case there Bbould bo little fear as to the ulterior result. North Australian (bred in 1889, and named by Mr. Ghrjstisoo) is got by Hagioscope, out of Chiquito, by Blair Athol, out of Nitocris, by King Tom, from ' Datura, by Westminster, Onston, Mr. Christison's othor purchaso, was_ bred in 1887, and is got by Bcaucloro, out of Lady Anne, by Cram: rne, her dam, Lady Blancho, by Voltigeur, from Ithuriel. These horseB arrived by tbo Jumna, and their ownor seems highly ploased with tho oaro Bliown to them on thoir voyage. Thoy are at present in TownBville. Following . wero tho entries received for tho principal handicaps of tho Sydnoy Turf Club Mooting on Queen's Birthday _:— _ Royal StakeB. — Linnott, Plain Bill, Bliss, Alchemist, Cromorno, Shamrock, Cumiuc, Mylos, Staudisl), Tlio Well, Montana, Holcne, ltoyal Oak, Arcli, bpygla-s, I no fcHtt, Utter, Lady Lisgar, Ruonalf, Marvellote, Donuuin. Bcndigo,. Goodnight, Danton, Alcidea, Biragaaibil, NonBonso, Playmate, St. Biaize, Miss Lotty, Ijftdy Edda, Rivula, Molbiv, Florrie, Bolgiorno, Paris, Pennnco, Bonnotto, Olcntarf,. Kookaburra, Tho Workman, Marvel, Toromlion, Pilot Bay, Isaao, Kolmore, Bnngo- bah. Decimal, Althotas, Dnko of Kent, Glitter, Refuse, Alexnndor, Moonray, War paint, nnd Whirlwind, _ Birthday Cup. — Emin Pasha, Vospasia, Fog, Dick, Aloliamist, Bondigo, Rbstellnn, Oxido, Yowi, Tuipulso, Sunshine, Pnris; The Wotkman, Mitre, Marvel, Etholbort, Bungo- boh, P'ain Bill, Honor Bright, Shamrock, Selkirk, Bodkin, Master Grand, Sir Anthony, Brown Boss, Zoalandia,' Danton, Playmate, St. Blaizo, Florrio, Contaur, St. Albans II., Bolgiorno, Pilot Bay, Eclipso, Althotas, Dis turber, Alexander, Gronadior. The lVesfera Champion relates tho follow ing :— A bookmaker lay ill — vory ill indeed, and tho clergyman came, but failed altogether to awaken any intorest in the afflicted spoita- man until be quoted from the old verso— " Love and liopo and friondshlp blond, For each yoar thoir price is more." '' What I going up in the betting, are they ? " said the poor follow- "Well, that's com forting, anyhow. They'll soon bo even money, ana thoy haven't the ghost of a show." Ho foil into a sivoot, untroubled sloop; and when ho woko and called for a soda " with a stick in it," his anxiona friends knew that the woret was over. 