" How Shall We Decide This Question ?" Xow ichich is the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite.I There are lots of people on the one side cr the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on bath," that is the ide*l attitude of a persin towards his meals. Bat most of G3 are not blessed in that way ; we either hire too much food without an appetite, or a rigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differeot folk will answer this question differently. yet the common sense of it is that within reasonable limits. It is better to hare an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line a hungry man is a healthy m*n ; whereas a man who ought to and deesn'c feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illnstrate. We recently received a 2om» muoication in which the writer s^ys, "X was afraid to eat/1 Did he fancy bis food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ! If the latter, why ! Let him clear the mystery himself. He fays, " la the year 18S9 I changed my work from railway porter to sigoaloun. I have been signalman twelvemonths, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour., the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none wa? good. JIv tongue was coated and tarred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and $houlder3, which wag always right before I hid eaten aoything. Then I eras greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a bill in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to bi* meals. He adds that there wis what he calls •• a pricking sensation " at his heart as though it was touched with some iostro ment. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweet rolled off him. ''I dreaded," be say?," the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal havtl made, for I icas afraid to eat. After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is of course the fear of somecalamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to bim. This was due, as be intimates to the impoverished state of hi9 blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfebbled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of restless and ungoverned imagination. "With great difficulty," he says, "I stuck to my work for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. lam sure no one has suffered so much as I have done. Id the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only wedon't happen to come in touch withtbem. Well, the writer finally mentions tint after ail mcdical treatment had left him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cored by Mother Seigel's Syrap. "My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mrs. LantstafT* in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have een employed by tbe Midland .Railway Com* pany for eleven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, " Car Bottom Road, u Apperley Bridge near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, that part of the world at least may know bow thankful he is and for what reason. Ak unique case under the Rabbit Act, and one which by its nature could not pos* sibly be of frequent recurrence, came before the Land Board last week (the Naraudera Argus says), when the lessees of Warri holding proceeded against the lessees of Ariah holding for contribution towards the cost of making the fence on the common boundary of the holdings rabbit proof. The point in the case is that the u common boundary fence" is also * he boundary of a rabbit infested district, Warri being within and Ariah without it. The decision of the Board, of course, was that Ariah not being ■within a rabbit infested district, was not subject to the provisions of the Rabbit Act, and they dismissed the claim. 