MR. BARTON'S ADDRESS. The Attorney-General was in great form last night, and his speech pro duced, as it deserved to do, the greatest enthusiasm. His object was to discuss the political situation, and ne uiu taan most; eueciiveiy. no handled his political opponents with severity, albeit with unvarying courtesy, and made it more than ever clear that the late Government had mismanaged public affairs in the most scandalous manner. As a matter of course he made some remarks on the subject of the deficit. The necessity to do so was imposed upon him by the disgraceful misrepresentations of the free-trade press, and of certain mem bers of the Parkes Ministry. Mr. M'Millan's efforts for the purpose of producing a bogus surplus are well known, but the Attorney-General explained that Mr. Bruoe Smith had endeavored to obtain as much distinc tion in this direction as his predecessor. According to Mr. Barton, ho laid him self out to make a surplus by the simple device of holding over until 1892 a largo amount of the railway expenditure. Pinanoing after this fashion is very easy work, and Treasurers who practise it can always create a paper surplus of whatever dimensions they please. Had tho late Government remained in office for another yen,r it is now quite cer tain that they would have left for their successors a deficiency of at least three- quarters of a million ; but both them selves and their press supporters would have deolared without moving a muscle that the finances were in a flourishing condition. In spite ' of the figures given in the Treasury balance-sheet, and notwithstanding the other masses of faots proving that last year, ended with a big deficit, the foreign-trade papers will no doubt continue to assert that Mr. See inherited a splendid surplus. It is their way. The Ethiopian cannot change his skin, nor the leopard his spots, The demand of the leading members of the Opposition for a dissolution was well dealt with by the Attorney- General in his address. It nill be remembered that up to the time that Mr. Reid submitted his resolution of censure of the Government, and whilst that resolution was being discussed, the Opposition insisted that the present Parliament should be kept in existence. They had got tho notion into their heads that Mr. Dibbs had a dissolution in his pocket, and they declared thqt if Parliament should bo dissolved through the action of the Premier a great wrong would be done. But when Mr, Reid's resolution was rejeotod many of tho members of the party altered their tone. The leader announced that he' and bis followers would force the Government to the country. What is tho meaning of this diverse action 1 Mr. Barton answered the question last night. He was perfectly right when he said that the Opposition as a body do not want to go to the country. Naturally enough the office-seekers in the party do, because they have not the ghost of a chance of getting the place and pay they covet whilst the present Parlia ment exists. The Government, Mr. Reid may be told, is not going to be compelled to dissolve the House, and if obstructionist tactics are used for the purpose of accomplishing this object the obstruc- fiAmefa mill ennn s»Vi4 iiin iwif.ii VAWAIIOVO T AAA OVGU fc/U UtVUgllV Ul a round turn. There is no reason why there should be a dissolution, because the tariff was the main issue submitted to the constituencies at the last general eleotion, and it was decided that the time had come for the estab lishment of protective duties. In the face of the particulars concerning the results of the polling published by the foreign-trade papers after the re turns had come to hand, it is really astonishing that these paperB should deny that protection v. free-trade was one of the prinoipal issues that the constituencies were asked to decide at the general eleotion. , . Another reason why there is no necessity for another appeal to the country now is tho fact that both the Ministry and their policy are . regarded with almost universal favor. In the strong hold of free-trade, namely, the Canter bury electorate, Mr. Carruthers tried to produce demonstrations against the Government, but the attempts were ludicrous failures. The only protests of any note against the Ministerial policy have come from the foreign- trade organs, and they are not of much importance. The fact that Mr. Barton explained that the adoption of protection by New South Wales would not hinder the federation movement suggests that there are some people who believe the opposite. Doubtless there are, but they must be peculiarly constituted. Men of ordinary understanding recog nise that there is a better chance for federation when all tho States are in line with respect to tariff legislation than when they are practising different policies. When a person of any capa city or judgment asserts that protec tion is a block to federation, it may be taken for granted that he does so for party purposes. The statement is made, not because it is believed' to be true, but because it is thought that it will damage the Government. Such statements cannot be passed over in silence, because experience proves that a lie is often believed as readily as the truth. Apart from all this, however, it must be clear to the public that federation has a better ohar.ee in the hands of the protectionists than it had or would have in those of the free traders. Sir Henry Parkes put' it on the shelf ; and Mr. Reid is one of its bitterest opponents. All over the continent protectionists have shown more enthusiasm in the cause of federation than the opposite party. The Constitution Bill was drafted by protectionists. Naturally the morning papers have been made angry by Mr. Barton's speech. So far as they are concerned no other re sult could be expected, because it con tained an indirect although au effective exposure of themselves as well as a direct attack on the late Ministry and the present Opposition. 