One of Old Dan's Mummers. 'Twae somewhere in the fifties, but I do not quite remember— I was young and straight and nimble—I'm seventy now, and past. 'Twas January then, now I'm well into Decfember. My trunk is getting sliaky, and the leaves arc falling fast. However, to my story. I and my old mate, Kcd Hooper (He is farming on the Hutfu, with a wife and eight big sons)', One smoking, scorching morning were told off by the Super. To fetch a score of scrubbers from the farthest of the runs. So we loaded up with whips and pipes and Barret's twist and matches, And toddled off together in a cloud of baccy smoke. The run was mostly tussock flat, with honeysuckle patches— Pleasant ground to travel on, and easy for a moke. We marked- the missing cattle in a little reedy hollow; As we spotted them they smelt us—never fox was lialf as shy As their boss, a piebald bullock 5 where he led the rest would follow— So we gathered up our ribbons as he snorted us good-bye. I rode a horse called Satan, like his namesake, black aud wicked— A rocking-chair for comfort, sure-footed as a goat; Bather playful with his lieels; did a frog intrude he'd kick it; Hot particular to morsels off the collar of your coat— Whilst Kcd bestrode a stallion, like his rider, tough as leather, Aged, and cunning as a Christian — we called him I'omp. He laid his old cars backward as we raced \- along together, When we saw the last tail flourish on the borders of the swamp. A hundred yards of bracken fern, then out _ into the forest, *' W Jicre^Ssfeijn r-noned with a bidden wattle stump. There wasn't time to grumble, but TTSlt-iwwhurt the sorest; He scratched his shoulder badly—my shin just showed a lump. Misfortunes never come alone; to dodge a wattle I liad stooped, when close behind me came a cry, and then a thud ! The limb 1 barely shaved caught poor old Hooper by the throttle; "When 1 reached him he was kneeling on the tussocks, spitting blood. He bothered me to leave liim, but 'twould • have been desertion To the luercv of the crows to leave a man less wliite than Jfed; So I mounted him on Satan, after exertion (Colonel Pomp was tailing scrubbers on his own account, ahead). X/Uck wasn't all against us; we had left the hollow barely VV hen Kattic George, the hunter, on his moke cantered up. "When kindness mates with roughness you can bet they'll treat you squarely— And lie was a rough 'un, Battle, and as lousy a£ a pup. Well,-we got him to the humpy—I can smell it now, by thunder}— And laid him on a possum Tug—I've paid for bunks as liard; Then 1 lept again on Satan, and we clove the air asunder As we headed for the doctor's—thirteen miles, if 'twas a yard. Sow. Satan knew the countiy just as well as I (perhaps bettor), Eor many a thumping boomer we had chased and cauglit and killed. Eaeli dead-wood feuce we knew by heart, as girls their first love letter; And we didn't care a button for the biggest gate you'd build. But now an incident occurcd on which wc didn't reckon— We'd raccd just lialf the distance, ss we never raced again. And slackened speed a little -where a yellow patch of bracken Cropped up before our noees in the ccntre of the plain. I was thinking of «ld Hooper — perhaps Satau of the Oolonel— As we slowed into a jog-trot, just abreast the bunch of fern, "When, quick as you can wink, with a suddenness inferniu. Out jumped a thundering "boomer, and upset the whole concern! 1 might have kept the saddle liad I not been loosely sitting In a contemplative fashion, with the reins at Satan's willj But. the buck he executed would have sent a possum Hitting; And when he -did start bucking, he was what is tervned a pilL I clutched the air a moment, then fell, and, true as Scripture, Upon tliat old Marsupial's ncck I landed, fair a.'ad straight! Two loug, -grey, leathery lugs I caught, and you can bet I gripped sure; Then vaiteel for the second act—I ha<dn't l-'ju g to wait. Oue fvarful whistle vent, the air—one wit ick the ground t-liook under— One leap that long-shanked devil took: it nearly bro7,-e my back. Then like a vice he gripped my shins—to sit him was no wonder— And with a wild, unearthly snort, he scooted ii'.< tile track. I've travelled, in my little time, by various _ despatches— Express 1 tram, Yankee boat, enow slioes, aud once ^ a balloon. But nofc lulty you fasten me for good below the hatches Will I travel half as fast and rough as by tKat long-tailed coon, -we took the country as it came; big gum trees fled like railing, We crashed through forest, fern, and ford, W e ^ l e d X ^ W o ^ l . h o d hills with not a fault or failing; And for clear and clever fencing my mount, would take the cake. It couldn't last; already I could hear his bellows going; Already I could note his eye distended, turned askew; Already down his dusky nose the sweat in streams was flowing— When far away behind us floated up a sound I knew! 'Iwas the galop of a horse's feet across the turfy meadows; 'Xwas the ringing of a horse's shoes upon the iron-stone; 'Xwas the dashing of a gallant steed beneath the forest sliadows— By thunder! it was Satan! and I felt no more alone. On, down the white-gum dotted hill, the west wind round us whistling— On to the rock-bound creek that loomed, and flashed beneath and past; Away across the furrowed flat, with whitecrowned thirties bristling— And still behind, tliat measured tread, and closing on us fast. JTow little homesteads hove in view, the country opened quickly; A brand new four-rail fence we cleared, then through a gateway crashed. Once here I turned, when I could note a horse's breath drawn tliickly, And saw his blood-red nostrils wide—his shoulder foam bc-splashed. The parted ribbons floating high, the swinging stirrups gleaming; The nervous ears, the full, brave eye fixe on the flying chase; The perspiration down the flank and ribs in rivers streaming, " Told something of the country and the fury of the pace. My head grew dazed; I set my teeth; then suddenly before us A garden loomed, a house, a yard, a five- foot paling fence; • Dogs barked, pigs grunted, women squealed, and fowls joined in the chorus— A bound, a crash, a muzzle black, and then good-bye to sense! Next I was in a darkened room, supported 1 with a pillow; A tall, grey- bearded gentleman sat in a chair beside. I strove to rise—he thrust me back with, " Kot so fast, old fellow;" But I tumbled off the Bofa, though so weak I could have cried. "Why, Dan," he said, " what gnme is thisf You've ruined half my garden. " D'you mean to say you carried that great brute ? He's dead, I see." ""Well, doctor, if Tvc broke you up, I humbly ask your pardon; "But when you come to canying—dash it! he carried me! " My mate, 3fcd Hooper," is badly hurt. Bide quickly as you can. Sir; _ . " You'JUfinfflnm iu old ESttie's hiitT&ke; Jtrar own man, Dick Syme; -tyie^iiows the short cut "over. For Ned's life I will not answer, "For the stench of Eattie's camp will choke it's owner, too, in time." Well, to cut my story short, what with powders, pills, aud plasters, They patched old Hooper up in time; and, for myself, I say, If Satan's limbs felt half as sore and shaky as his master's, His condition wasn't happy, nor for many a weaiy day. That Hooper nursed that boomer as si joey, but released him, . And to pay old kindness back again, the beast risked life and limb, And carried me across the tier as though the devil chased hiic—- Was Battie's own idea,; but then you "couldn't bet on him.' I can't forget the Colonel, ere I end this strange narration— 'lis best to speak the truth out straight, if you've got a thing to tell— Pomp rounded all those scrubbers up, and took them to the station, And yarded them, and likely would have branded them as welL Satan! He is sleeping underneath his native grasses, - - With a gum tree for a head-stone, and a wattle at bis tail; And if a horse's spirit to another region passes, And lie meets with other horse ghosts— well, I guess he'll make them sail. C. H HEAD. Launceston, September, 1892. 