A Tale of the Native Police. Written for the Christmas Number of the "North Queensland Register." [By F. C. Urquhart.] Author of "Camp Canzonnettes," " An Ocean Ghost," "Legends of the Blacks," &c; It was Jim Broughton who told me this yarn one evening at Blood wood Downs,after a pretty hard day's work in the branding yard, and tired as we both were, I made nothing of sitting up till nearly morning to hear the end of it, and having it fresh in my mind next day, I took it down as nearly in Jim's own words as possible, and on looking over the manuscript now I think I cannot do better than let him tell the tale in his own words:— 'It's three years ago now,' said Jim, since I was sitting on the verandah of the officers' quarters of the Native Police Camp which at that time ex isted some distance north of the Einasleigh River, talking to my old friend, Ronald Alison, who was the sub-inspector in charge. He had lately got news of a fortune left him in England, and was only waiting for his relief to come up to cut the service and the colony together, and had written for me to come over and pay him a final visit before his daily expected departure. I had arrived in the evening, and after supper we had adjourned for the usual smoke on the verandah, when I began to notice an unusual restlessness about Ronald. Instead of quietly smoking and talk ing to me in his soft refined voice (which formed one of his chief attrac tions) as usual, he got up restlessly from his seat, paced the verandah for a minute or so, sat down again, and repeated the same sort of performance at frequent intervals. Quite unusual for Ronald this kind of thing, and contrary to his reputation for cool courage and philosophic endurance of the evils which afflict such men as dwell in the bush, far from the com forts and conveniences of civilization. And this reputation had not been lightly earned either, for many a des perate situation had been retrieved, and many a perilous adventure brought to a safe termination, within my knowledge, by his cool collectedness and utter indifference to danger; and in whatever fix we might happen to be, so long as I could see his tall, slight form, and quiet, though some what dark and resolute face, I always felt as if I could keep my courage up to the level of his. So after wondering awhile over the unwonted uneasiness he was display ing to- night, I said: "What's the matter, Roland [sic]? has good fortune been too much for you, and are you impatient to be out of this?' "No," he replied, *not exactly; but I have a feeling that something is going wrong somewhere. Two scouts came in this morning from Mount Albert, and report any amount of tracks going west; they think it is the Nilgarra tribe from the head of the river, and if so, there is bound to be some devil's work before long. and I am afraid Poynton, who is to relieve me, will not be up in time." "But, surely," said I, "you would not mind a final brush with the nig gers before you go for good?' 'Well,' he answered, 'to tell you the truth, I am sick of the whole show. When I got news of this windfall the other day, I made up my mind that this year the twelve years' longing of my soul should be satisfied, and that I would spend this coming summer in the Thames valley, which, to my mind, is the nearest approach to Paradise on earth." "Well," I interjected, "and why should you not?" "Oh, I believe I shall," he went on, 'but you see we are in March now, and if anything happened before Poynton turned up, it might throw me back a lot, and then my people at home have laid a job upon me which will mean a trip to Sydney, instead of getting straight away by a British India boat from one of the Northern ports." 'Indeed,' I said, 'will you think me too curious if I enquire the name of the business?' 'Not a bit,' he said, "but I must see things fixed for the night first. 'Orderly!' he called, and apparently emerging from the earth at our feet, a uniformed black trooper stood saluting before him. 'Send the camp sergeant here.' In about a minute the sergeant ap peared at the end of the verandah, and Ronald inquired:— 'Have you carried out my orders for the night?' 'Yes, sir,' came the reply, 'every thing ready to start at a moment's notice, cartridges served out, and twelve horses in the small paddock.' 'Very well,' said Ronald; 'good night,' and the sergeant saluting, de parted. 'Now,' said Ronald, returning and taking a squatter's chair near me, 'I will tell you the whole business. You recollect Crayley who was at Wel lington with us ?' 'Yes,' I said, 'joined the tenth about the time we came out here.' "Yes; that's the man," he continued. "Well, about three years after I came out with you, Crayley became engaged to my cousin Jewel, of the Yorkshire Alisons. I had never seen her but she was considered a very fine girl in the family. Everything was right till the eve of her marriage, when she bolted with the son of a man named Wilks, who had a farm on her father's estate. Old Alison saw they were married and then disowned them, and they came out here and were lost sight of Crayley, who was always an eccentric beggar you know, never married, and it seems he died last year in India and left his large fortune to Mrs Wilks, and now, though old John Alison declines to move in the matter, her uncle, that is, I mean my father, wants me to see if f can get any trace of her before I go home, so I mean to go down and give the police in the big cities the particulars, and perhaps set some of those private enquiry fal lows on the job.' "But," I said, 'don't you think a man like Wilks, a farmer's son, would make for the bush, and that you would have a better chance of finding him in the country districts?' "Oh, I don't know,' answered Ron ald, "he might prefer the town. If Wilks has done any good in the colony I daresay I shall find him with a mar ket garden or a small farm somewhere near a large town and adjacent to a public house.' "Yes," I agreed, "I daresay you will, but one never can tell, and he might be nearer to you even up here than either you or I imagine." 'Ah! well,' said Ronald, I know all the people within a two hundred miles radius of here, and nobody with the aristocratic name of Wilks is to be found among them, and. I should hardly suppose he would change his name.' 'Well, no,' I said, "I don't see what object he would have in doing so; but men of that kind often do unusual things, and perhaps Mrs Wilks might be glad to sink her identity under an assumed name." "Perhaps so",asserted Ronald, "any how I hope the search will not be a long one. Come on, Jim, it's eleven o'clock, let us go inside and have a nip before we turn in." We went inside the house, and Ronald produced a bottle, two panni kins, and his only tumbler. 'Wait a bit,' he said, 'while I get some water from the bag on the verandah.' He went out with one of the panni kins in his hand, and five seconds later I heard him call, 'Jim!' I was out and beside him like a shot. "Hush" he said. 'Listen!' I listened my hardest but could hear nothing, I only said one word in a whisper, 'What?' 'Horse galloping,' he said, 'on the far side of the river. You will hear it directly when he is coming across the shingle, I knew some infernal thing was going to happen,' and put ting his hand to his belt he drew out a silver whistle and blew a long shrill note upon it. I had heard that whistle before, and I knew that note meant business. 'Yes, Sir,' immediately responded through the darkness from the direc tion of the troopers' huts, and even as I heard the sharp strokes of a horse's hoofs on the pebbles of the river's dry bed, a breathless corporal was stand ing in front of Ronald at the salute. 'Rouse the sergeant, turn out the camp, and stand by for orders, send my orderly up here,' said Ronald briefly. "Ah!" he went on, "here they come," and the laboring gallop of a horse that had been ridden far and fast sounded now close at hand. Sud denly, within a few yards of us, the sound ceased, and a moment later a tall white figure with long flowing hair, flitted on to the verandah, and stumbling at Ronald's feet uttered be tween broken gasping sobs, the words— 'Mr. Alison—the blacks, quick, quick," and rolled senseless or ex hausted at his feet. "Good Lord!' said Ronald, "a woman! and fainted of course. Here hurry up, Jim, bring the light and the whisky from the table. Sergeant," he shouted, "saddle up for the whole detachment. Look sharp." *I appeared with the grog and the light; and found him bearing the woman to a stretcher on the verandah. As the light fell on her face he said, "It's Mrs. Deering from Greenlands, Jim, I wander [sic] what the deuce is up. Bear a hand with the whisky," he added, as he laid her gently down and opened her dress at the neck. "Softly —that's so," as with a spoon I poured some of the spirit between her lips, while he fanned her with his cap. "Now then, she's coming round," and as he spoke the woman's eyes opened, and after a wild glance round she looked full at Alison and said "Go—quickly—don't you know your duty? Aren't you an Alison?" "Go steady," said Ronald, "collect yourself Mrs Deering, and tell me where is the trouble?" She sat up pointing westward with her hand. "There," she said, "at Greenlands, at my home. Ah ! I am better now,"' as she stood up, "the blacks stuck us up at 10 o'clock, and I got old Rupert from the stable and galloped over. My husband has only the old cook in the house with him. They can hold it but the dan ger is that they may get under the house which, as you know, is built on high piles [page damaged] to it. Oh! for the love of God, Mr Alison, make haste, and give me a fresh horse." 'No, no,' said Ronald, "you stay here. I will see this business through. You could never stand the ride back." 'Stuff,' she said, 'what do you think I am made of. Give me a horse, I must and will go with you.' "Right," said Ronald, 'that settles it. Peter'—to the orderly—'put the saddle now on that knocked-up horse on Sam. Jim, old man,'—to me—'you shall ride Native, I am taking old Hamlet myself. You wont want a rifle, it will be all revolver work to-night. It is sixteen miles to Greenlands, and a steady canter will be our best pace. You look after Mrs. Deering on the road while I keep those bays in hand; put the whisky in your saddle-pouch. Ready, Ser geant?' he called. "All ready, sir," came back the reply, and Peter ap peared leading his officer's horse. Ronald quickly mounted and rode down the camp, and as I assisted Mrs. Deering into the saddle, I heard the word of command—"Stand to your horses. Prepare to mount. Mount!" followed by a slight rustling clatter as the troopers swung lightly into their saddles, and then Ronald's voice again. "Corporal, take the lead—the shortest cut to Greenlands boys—you follow two and two. Sergeant, bring up the rear, and assist Mr. Broughton with the lady. No talking on the road. Forward, canter!" and we were off, nine black troopers, the Sergeant, Ronald, the lady, and myself. Just as we started the clouds, which so far through the night had obscured the moon, melted away, and the silver luminarv shone out with soft brilliance, lighting the road and showing out the little troop cantering steadily past the silvery-leafed iron bark trees that lined the way. Not a sound was to be heard but the steady, beat of the horses' hoofs, or perhaps a slight rattle as a carbine moved in the gun-bucket, and at internals from the bush at either hand, the melancholy note of a more-pork or curlew. The country was undulating, ridge succeeding ridge; with wearisome monotony, and as we surmounted one the view ahead was cut off by the next, and all I could see from my position in the rear was the red cap bands and shoul der knots of the troopers with the oc casional glint of a moon bean on the shining barrel of a carbine as the leading horsemen turned a bend in the road ahead of us. Rapidly and steadily on e went, maintaining the long swinging canter we had started with, and as we rode I now and then stole a look at the female companion riding on my left. Tall, above the average of tall women, she sat firmly and erect in her saddle, her lips tightly compressed, her face pale, but set hard with resolution in every line of it, and such a straining look of anxiety in her large dark eyes as I hope I may never see in hnman eyes again. As I looked at her an uneasy feel ing came across me that her features were familiar to me. I seemed to have known them long ago somewhere, or to have seen them in a dream, but though I could not shake off the sense of familiarity it was in vain that I tried to recall the when or where that they had been known to me. Once I spoke asking, 'Do you feel strong? strong enough to keep the pace up ?' She lifted her right hand making a motion of assent, but never glanced round or relaxed the forward strain in her eyes. 'Evidently a lady,' I thought as I looked at her again, 'and evidently one who has seen hard times too. Where the deuce can I have seen her before,' and as the little troop still rapidly pushed forward I began ram sacking my memory for the names and mental portraits of all the tall pale women I had met in my Iife. How long I was thus engaged I cannot say, but I know my thoughts had taken we from England over a considerable portion of Europe, to India, and on to Australia, without any locating the re semblance that puzzled me, when I was almost startled by a low exclama tion from the object of my rumina tions. 'There!' she almost sobbed out, 'did you hear it ?' 'No, what ?' I answered, but be fore her reply came I heard it myself —far off as yet, and very faint, but none the less iwmistakeable—the dis tance dulled crack of a rifle. Our leaders had heard it also, and were urging their now hard-breathing and labouring horses to greater speed, and as we swept along we came upon Ronald Alison who had let the line file past him to give instructions as they passed. 'We are close up now,' he said, as we came up to him, and he cantered on beside us; ' keep going steadily, and halt at the top of the ridge over looking the station. Keep your heart up, Mrs. Deering, it's all right,' he added; 'those rifle-shots tell us we are in time. Hark! there's another,' and with that he galloped forward to tlie head of the troop again. Five minutes more at the top pace we could get out of our horses brought us to the crest of a low ridge overlooking a small plain from which, as Ronald raised his hand in silent signal for the detachment to halt, my eyes took in a scene I shall never for get if I live to the age of the patri archs. The brilliant moonlight poured down on the plain beneath us, on the far side of which we could plainly see the timber of Greenbrook Creek, and within four hundred 4 yards of us, nearly in the centre of the plain, was Grreenlands Station—in flames! Yes, old man, from ridge-pole to floor the dwelling home was blazing, lighting up the place all round and making it as clear as daylight, I saw this-I saw the solitary figure of a man in front of the house with a carbine in his hand and something lying at his feet, and a hundred yards away I saw a dancing howling mob of naked ravages, hurling spears at the lonely figure in front of the burning building. I heard the lonely one's rifle speak once and saw it pointed again ineffec tually, and the niggers closing in towards him; and as my eye took all this in almost at a glance, I heard Ronald's 'calm rapid tones. 'Ser geant, take Harry, Willie, Fletcher and Dick ; go found the back of the house and cut them off from the creek. You, Jim (to me) and the rest follow me straight at them. Good God!' he exclaimed, 'thereof Mrs. Deering off already; quick boys, after her.' It was time enough. Taking ad vantage of our momentary pause, she was down the ridge and out on the plain e'er we had started. We were thundering after her in a moment, Ronald in the lead, I on his quarter, and the five boys with their eyes jumping out of their heads, as close up as they could get. There was no cantering now, hat the rattling gallop that old native police horses knew so well how to extend themselves into when the final rush comes. I have noticed it so often; no matter how long the journey or how painful and weary the day's tracking may have been, the old police horses that know the work can always show a dash of foot when the niggers are fairly sighted And they did it now. In less time than I can tell you, we were among them, and as we closed in I saw the man in front of the house in the dazzling light of the flames, club his rifle and drop on one knee as the niggers came in: I saw Mrs. Deering urge her horse right up to him. I smelt the smell of the black's filthy bodies, and then I shoved my revolver into the hideous' face of the nigger nearest me and blew the top of his head off. For a few seconds I was hard at it, and I could hear Ronald's pistol and the trooper's carbines at work, but it lasted no time, and soon I heard the galloping of our boys in. pursuit, and dropping shots at the back of the house announcing that the sergeant with his party was at work intercepting the fugitives. I wheeled round and made for the place where I had seen Mrs. Deering last, and where I now saw Ronald dismounted and a little group of people on the ground. I found Mrs. Deering on her knees supporting a tall, grizzled-looking man, evidently in a bad way, with two long spears sticking up in the air out of his body. Two yards off lay the dead body of an old man literally bristling with spears. Ronald was standing by, his face pale and set, and the blood trick ling down from a gash in his fore- head, and as I looked from him to Mrs. Deering bending over the pros trate form before as, I saw like a flash what the resemblance was that had puzzled me so much, Ronald and Mrs. Deering had the same features, At the moment the fallen man opened his eyes and moved, and Mrs. Deeringsaid, ' Speak to me Tom ; say you are not hurt much ?' Slowly and painfully he raised him self to a half sitting posture in Ronald's supporting arms, and while Mrs. Deering chafed his hands, he answered hoarsely, " Hurt to death, I think, Jewel dear, but you are safe. Thank God for that.' 'What did he say, Jim?' said Ronald almost wildly, 'Did he say Jewel ? Good God, Mrs. Deering, who are you in heaven's name.' "I can tell you," said the wounded man, gathering strength from his ex citement, "I can tell you, Ronald Alison—she is your cousin Jewel Deer ing, formerly Wilks, formerly Alison, and (here he gasped for breath) the— noblest—woman—truest wife in the world." " And are you Wilks?" asked Ron ald breathlessly. "I was" he answered, "I am Deer ing, and I am not the boor your cursed proud family took me for—but never mind Ronald, l am a dying man—if your had been ten minutes sooner, or I had had more cartridges—ah well, never mind. Jewel dearest, poor old Sam is dead, I think he went down directly after they fired the house; take me somewhere and get these spears out of me." Very carefully we bore him rountl to an outbuilding untouched by the fire, and laid him down m such rough comfort as we could devise. "Cousin Jewel," said Ronald, "Duty calls me away at daylight, but I have Mr. Broughton with you, and will return as soon as I can; trust me to be your friend. She gave him her hand, but only said, 'Will he live?" to which Ron- and answered, "I hope so; I trust in God he may." We then, with such care as we could, drew out the two spears from Deer ing's body, they were fortunately not barbed, and both Mrs. Deering and I were pleased to notice how small the flow of blood was from the wounds. But when we got outside, leaving husband wife together, Ronald, from his larger experience, shook his head, saying, " It's all up with him, old man, no blood coming means internal hemorrhage; he is a grand fellow too, saved his wife's life at the last min ute when I got this," touching the wound on his forehead as he spoke, " trying to save her. Yes, he fetched the nigger who was going to drive a spear into her on the side of the head with the but of his rifle, and fell back completely done himself. There is daylight, and here are the boys com ing back ; I must track these devils up ; we were too late to save, but not to revenge. My own cousin too— poor Jewel! that's why she asked me at the camp if I was not an Alison ; they must have known me all along. I will leave the sergeant and one boy with yon, Jim; lake ca« e, of ber, and when-well, y-h know-when be is dead fcak<\- ber over to the camp till'I come back. Good-bye, old fellow." We shook hatds, andbedeparted with eight of hi* boys on his errand of vf ii^eance. - Well, there is not much more to tell. Deering died at sunset that day, ha ring been unconscious most of the time, and the Sergeant, Trooper Dick and I buried him on 1 he bank of the creek. Mrs. Deering'* hair turned sirev that niglit.bui she said little ; shed no tears ; bat that straining for *ard^ook I noticed the first night I saw her n^rer lef* ber eyes, and I don't think she sbpt at all. Next day the stockmen who bad been mustering on the run came home md be van clearing up a bit, for both tbe victims of Deering's defer*-le und our chaise bad to be put out of sight. On the third day I persuaded Mw. Deeri«g to aecotnpnny ns to Ronald's camp, where we found Poyntoo m a high s atf of excitement, curbing his lack at hawing been oat of this " ruc tion," as he called it. Mrs. Deeriop was quiet and very docile, but would take no food, and only sit looking out at the bash with that .dreadful look in her eyes. I endeavoured once, in my blundering »ay, to offer consolation, but she only said gently. ** Don't, pleas*1 Mir. Broughtou; he was my all-husband, father, fatnilv, ererytfiiog-and be ^-%ad.n I gave up trying t«» comfort ber then, a»»d on the eighth day Ronald appeared, looking haggard and worn, and Ms troopers like hungry hunted devils, ar.d hie horses were skin and bone. Heonlysaid, " We bad to fol low them into the ranges, .and had a devil of a time,*1 and I forbore to que^aon huii» Bonaldhanded over his camp to ; Poyuton, put a stockman in tempor ary chargeof Greenlands, and then he and Itook Mrs. Deering down, to Cleveland Bay, where I saw them off for England on boardthe ' Dorunda.' Mr, Deering remained the 6ame, tak ing barely enough food to support life, hardly sleeping at ail, and ranely speaking. *Is that all?' I asked Jim. * Don't you know what Alison did among the niggers that time ?' ^ Well, I only know.' said Jim, " that for the next two years I man aged Groenlands in conjunction with my own place, and during that time >uch a thing as a N ilgarra black feliow was.never beard of in the dis trict.' 4 And ^did you never hear further of Mrs. Deering ?^ Iqueried, as Jim. sbowedsignsof departing to bed. * Ob, yes,1' he said, * I dined with Bonald at the Austmlian in Sydney three taontbsago, and he told me that . be'^ot: jbier- home all right, bnt 'that she remained much same as - when ? I^t-^sswir ieii'- the whole \- made a fuse about her. and tried to cheer her up she ne^er im proved, and about eight months after the Green lands mnwler she passed q&ietlyoffin; her old English bome saying as ? 0bev' 4 By the way,* be went on, 4 here in my pocket book is - a copy of - some - - 'Ihor _ . and he handed tne the book from which f tram-cribed Jewel Deering's epitaph as follows: 'tovetibatconld L in God'e mighty furnace and well tried 8tmid6dEoretitofim»ie/ 