Sporting Gossip. [By thb V¿mbant.] In a late English paper I dropped across some complimentary reference to the endurance of on Arab mare, bred in England. The writer (Mr. E. Dillon) soys he purchased from Mr. H. Stephens an Arab mare named Mejlip that had been running six months at grass. She waa shod on Monday, and on Tuesday was ridden 70 mileB. After this journey, he says, she ate her well-earned supper cheerfully, and next day showed no siçns of fatigue. She was by Kars, who was said to be a miracle of endurance, from Meshnea, one of the most celebrated mares in Arabia. This mare was ODtained by Mr. Blount when Bhe was supposed tobe hopelessly barren. The feat recorded ia simply but a fair one, regarded from on Austrolion horseman's point of view, and I am certain there are scores of ponies in this district who do not know the taste of corn but who could travel the English Arab mare to death. The mare's I sire Kars was purchased some few years back by the late Mr. D. F. Mackay, and I stood for a couple of seasons at Dalcal- I mab, ere drifting away into the back country. He was a low little bay, not more that 14.1 or 14.2 in height, .but he was as strong as a castle and had beautiful action. In England I believe he had been ridden to hounds by Mr. Blount, and proved himself a Bafe jumper and a practically perpetual galloper. It ia said he gained his name by being wounded at the siege of Kars. From Queensland I learn of the death of the veteran racehorse Elsinore, who muBt have been a real round age. He wbb a fair performer in his prime, and wa3 at one time the property of Mr. John Mayo, who exchanged him well for our old acquaintance Stanley with the late Mr. Duncan Mackay, who used the son of Fenman at the stud, where he was kept until lately when he was put into work once more. After a hard race Elsinore was apt to bleed at the mouth and nose, so it íb not surprising that he dropped dead. Marvellous's son Donizette is continuing his victorious career in Queensland, his latest win being achieved at Townsville, where he cairied Sst. 101b. in the Town Plate, and ran the mile and a quarter in 2min. 12secs. The colt has never so far been beaton, and until he strips at Flemington or Randwick it is impossible to say how good he is. Pedestrianism has lately had a revival in the Scone district, where several matches have been run, and I hear that others are on the tapis. Tom Doohan, of Singleton, and Scheumacher, of Blandford, are to meet at Scone over 120 yards on Ahe 30th instant for ¿25 a-side. Ted Weekley, of Maitland, has asked me io say in reply to Soheu macher, Mitchell, and Wiseman, of the Scone district, whom he heard were all anxious to run him» that he will make a match against any of the trio to run over 130 yards, or any distance over hurdles, for ¿25 to ¿50 a-sido, and will be happy to post a forfeit at any time. The best of these men should be a good match for Weekley. News is to hand of the death of the thoroughbred mare Euby, dam of Sardius. The daughter of Talk o' the Hill and Amber must not be confounded with the steeplechase mare of the same name. During her career at the stud Ruby slipped twins three timeB. k Owners of ponies and galloways will do well to bear in mind that the Singleton Galloway and Pony Club will hold a day's racing on Friday, August 5. The programme consists of the Pony Handicap of ¿10 (13.3), Club Handicap of ¿15 (14.1), Miniature Handicap of ¿13 (13.2), Galloway Handicap of ¿20 (14.2), Time Handicap Trot of ¿8 (open), and Forced Handicap of ¿10 open to all heights. It will be seen that the bill of fare íb a good one, and the secretary is Mr. John Wilson. I am told that Semolina, a mare that won some races in the northern districts of this colony, recently broke her back at Charters Towers and had to be destroyed. The committee of the Deniliquin Jockey Club apparently do not admire bookmakers, for it has passed a resolution to the effect that no pencillers be permitted to ply their avocation on the course until they shall have deposited ¿60 with the secretary of the Club as a guarantee of their bona fides. That rule will certainly make all the small men fight shy of Deniliquin race meetings. Just now everyone is going into ecstaciea over the magnificent performances of the V.R.C. jumping hero Redleap, who well deserves to be Btyled the Carbine of hurdle racers. It was surely a great performance to carry list 101b and canter home in front as Redleap did in the Grand National Hurdle Race, but that paled into insignificance when the big bay gelding lolloped home at his leisure in the Steeplechase with the biggest weight on record in the saddle, in the fastest time the event has been ran, and thus won a double which no other horse ever did. The Miller Brothers have always borne the reputation of being something more than cute, bnt never had they effected such a coup as thatf or which Redleap has just been responsible, and if they were big bettors they must have taught the books a very severe lesson. As it is outside the prize I do not suppose the stable secured more than about ¿4000. In 1889 Messrp. Miller won the Hurdle Race with Redleap, who then carried 9st. 91b., and at the same meeting the brilliant Eaglet completed the double for them by capturing tae Steeplechase. Since then Redleap has only started once-in last season's Grand National Hurdle Race -but did no good. This time it was rumoured the gelding had been schooled especially for the big timber, so that his win in the Hurdle Race came somewhat as a surprise, but the public stuck to him like mortar to a brick for the Steeplechase, and he won as he liked with 13st. 31b. up, in 6 min. 45$ sees. Previous to Saturday Subsbx, in the first Grand N ational Steeple- chase, did best, for he carried 13st. lib., whilst next came that wonderful galloway Ruby, who, in '88, carried 12st. 71b. to victory, whilst according to the watoh old Game ranks next best with 6 min. 48 sees. It íb worthy of note in this connection that no horse has succeeded in carrying 12st. or over and winning the Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase, whilst the load has been successfully humped three times across the country at Flemington. So far Corrigan has been the moat fortunate jockey, for ho has scored on three occasions of the twelve the event has been run, Batty and Kilduff coming next best with two wins each. The ill-luck which has of late pursued Dr. Cortis's horses was not absent on Saturday, for he backed Harry Auhl and The Duke and they both fell. Indeed it wob re ported that the latter-whom he had not long purchased to replace the defunct Grafton-had been killed, bat it was not until Thursday that he gave np the ghost. The success of a horse in a hurdle race and steeplechase at one meeting is rare on the metro- politan courses, and instances cannot be readily re- called in which it has happened. A season or two back Cannon won the Hurdle Race and Steeple- chase at Moonee Valley on the same afternoon, and some years ago Mr. F. C. Goyder's Quicksilver won both Hardie Race and Steeplechase at one of the meetings of the A. J.C. Titikowaru went very close to landing the donble one afternoon at Caulfield two seasons ago, for he was well forward in the hurdle race and afterwards won the steeplechase. Horseowners who intend patronising the gather- ing of the Singleton Jockey Club on August 4 should bear in mind that entries are due on Tuesday next with Mr. Pinchin. The programme comprises the Opening Handicap of ¿25, the Selling Race of ¿20, ths AuguBt Handicap of ¿40, the Show Handi- cap of ¿26, and the Bracelet of ¿10. Galloway and pony races take place on the succeeding day, and the Maitland reunion is fixed for August 6. Mr. W. R. Wilson, of St. Albans, the owner of Strathmore, who was at Epsom on Derby day, pnt ¿100 on Sir Hugo and had the pleasure of drawing ¿4000. The Victorian sportsman knew nothing of any of the horses engaged, but he had a good look at the majority of them before the event, and liked the ' appearance of Sir Hugo beat of all, although he did not know his name until he asked à bystander after his preliminary canter had deepened the good impression ho had crested in Mr. Wilson's mind. The squire of St. Albans is a very lucky man : the great majority of clever punters if clapped suddenly down among a lot of hors63 of which they knew nothing would either follow the money and thus back the favourite, or quietly button up and look on with- out financial interest. Mr. Wilson, though, selected thebiggest outsider to have his littlejplunge on. In his buster in the Grand Nation|Hurdle Race, Satyr had nine of his ribs broken, and one or two of them entered the lung. Still the horse will be saved, although he may may never race. The followingare the largest stakes ever competed for :-America : Futurity Stakes, won by Potomac, ¿13,590. England : Eclipse Stakes, won by Ayr- shire, ¿11,165 ; Prince of Wales Stakes, Leicester, won by Donovan, ¿11,000; Lancashire Plate, won by Seabreeze, ¿10,222. Australia: Melbourne Cup, won by Carbine, ¿10,233, including a trophy value ¿150. Late news from New Zealand says that George Coutts is coming over to train Impulse for the Caulfield Cup, for which the son of St. Leger is handicapped at 7st. 91b. Most owners and trainers from the islands have made the mistake of bringing their animals over at the last minute, as it were, but this has not been the case with Impulse, who has been at Randwick for many months. Fit and well it is not impossible that the Maorilander will repay the outlay. At a recent Mount Gambier race meeting W. M'Gregor on Gossip beat his brother James on Brownlock in the Steeplechase by a head. It is not often that we see brothers fighting out a finish. Racing men can be safely left alone to take care of themselves. They know when and where they are best treated, and there is not the slightest doubt about it that after the peculiar antics of some clubs the Northern Jockuy Club has come to be reeognised as it should. There has bepn excellent betting, large attendances, and good fields for all its latest efforts, and horse owners should not forget that it caters for their support on August 6, a day after the Singleton meeting-a day agreeably filled np by a pony meet- ing at the town of the Plains-and that nominations must reach Mr. Quinton on Thursday night next. They can have a cut for the Flying Handicap of ¿30, the Selling Handicap of ¿20, the August Handicap of ¿55, the Members' Handicap of ¿20, and the Final Handicap of ¿25. At Warwick Farm this afternoon Dirty Face or Martindale should win the Hurdle Race. Quick- silver, Amber Queen and Messenger may fill the places in the Flying Stakes ; Pippin, Rostellan, and Denman should be hard to beat in the Farm Handicap ; and I like Slomach and Duke of Kent best of all in the Pace Welter. Redleap's recent deeds are so full of merit that it is certain the first time the big son of Dante carries silk in a flat race-if he ever does-he will be heavily supported by the publio, who are not liable to forget that Redleap was nominated in the Melbourne Cup of 1889. Mr. Miller's representative is probably a better and faster horse than the whilom champion Sussex, and that son of Grand- master proved on more than one occasion that he could win on the flat. A glove fight is being arranged between Mick Lynch and Jackson, of Minmi. Betting on the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup is very dull this season. Malolo íb virtually favour- ite for the Cup, whilst no largar price than 1000 to 10 can be obtained in Melbourne about any double starting with Autonomy or Camoola. Tho long expected comes at last. Gresford has, for a lengthened period, been waited on for a good deed, and he has not caused disappointment, al- though after all there was not much merit in his performances, whioh entail a penalty for him in the Cup, and he will now have to carry 8st. 41b. in the Caulfield Cup, and that should be quite sufficient to steady the son of The Drummer, who, by the way, runs back to the same progenitor as Redleap. Dante, the sire of the jumper, is by Fireworks from Rose de Florence, and Fenella, the granddam of Gresford, is by Fisherman from Rose de Florence Some Grafton people are so infatuated with Tridentine, that if the mare met Bungebah or Marvel over their course she would not want for backers. Doubtless the daughter of Somnus is a slashing great mare, and is decidely the best in Australis, but in a race with either Bungebah or Marvel she would be like the man who fell out of the baUoon. For three seasons in succession Tridentine haB won the big double at the Clarence River Jockey Club meetings, and the stewardi and others are now earnestly considering the necessity of harnessing her to the grand stand upon the next occasion, for weight does not seem to affect her. At the last meeting of ' the club the mare carried 10st. 51b. upon the first day and ran the mile and a quarter in 2 12 ; on the second day a penalty brought the mare's burden up to lOst. tllb., but she won just as easily as she had done previously. She is certainly a fine mare or her opponents were a terrible bad lot, and probably the happy medium is between the two suppositions. It is rather pecub'ar that the majority of Somnus' daughters can race, whilst the majority of the horse'B Bons were failures on the turf. Vinall, India's crack jockey, recently had a trip to the Continent, and, accepting a mount, had the satisfaction of winning the Italian Derby. Sir John, one of Sir Modred's best produce in America, died lately. When the late English mail left, Jackson, Slavin Mitchell, Hall, Choynski, Williams, and Burrows wera exhibiting together in London. What a nice ittle combination it would be for the Whitechapel boys to meet some evening to wade into and deal with ! I have received a copy of Centaur's Index, a most useful compilation for men who go racing. It con- tains the nominations and weights for the approaoh ing big races, the performances of the animals engaged, records, etc., and it seems to have been arranged very carefully. A horse called Medmenham has recently in Eng- land been rivalling the performance of the erratic Peter. In one event he carried 9st 51b, giving 2st to every one of his opponents, and he was ridden by M. Cannon. Odds of 100 to 15 were laid on Medmen ham, but he hung at the poBt and lost fully 200 yards. However, when Cannon at Idngth got him going he closed on his rivals very quickly, and won eaBily by six lengths. Such a thing would be well nigh impossible in Australia, where the horses gallop at a true pace from pillar to post. Coronelía, a mare by Crown Prince out of Dolly Varden, and who was bred by the Hon. John Eales, continues to win races in QueenBlaud. She recently carried 8st 81b, and won a mile and a quarter race at Bundaberg in 2.12}. There will be another run of the Junior Hunt Club at East Maitland this afternoon. This is an organisation of young men with plenty of en- thusiasm but little knowledge, but they expect to retain the one and gain the other. Just now the club's runs will be paper chases on horseback, for it has no hounds and the nags are hardly up to their work, but if the Club is supported any way well by the public Mr. Cracknell, who is the master -and not " captain," as he has been called-hopeB to procure a pack from Sydney next season. The members evidently believe with Gordon that No game wos ever yet worth a rap, For a rational man to play, Into which no accident, no mishap, Could possibly find its way. The racehorse Pippin has left Fonlsham's Btable, having been purchased by Mr. Proudfoot, who, it is said, gave 520 guineas for the son of Grand Flaneur. Far Niente, the stallion recently purchased by Mr. Cooper in England, is said to be destined for the Hobartville stud. Far Niente is by Galliard ont of Lotus, and has been only an indifferent per- former. Hugo is the greatest outsider that has won the Derby since Doncaster was decorated with the blue ribbon in 1873, and both colts started at 40 to 1. The official time given was2'44, but private watches made it slightly better than2-43, whioh would be the record for the race. A remarkable fact about the last twelve Derbies is that John Porter trained exactly half the winners, and he made a bold bid this season with La Fleche, who ran second. Had it not been for the unfortunate indisposition of Orme it is pos- sible Porter would have led his seventh Derby winner back to the scales. Blink Bonny (in 1857) and Eleanor (in 1801) are the only mares that have won the Derby, and it has now been instituted 110 years, so that the sex are very unlucky at Epsom. For the past three years a French bred colt has finished in a place in the Derby, and Bucentaure, who ran third to Sir Hugo and La Fleche, occupied that place, too, in the French Derby on the Sunday previous. George Barrett has finished on one of the first three horses four years in succession, but he won on Common last season. At Epsom on Derby day eight events were run, and the racing was not concluded until after six o'clock. The stewards want a lesson or two from their Australian brethren. 