WIT AND HUMOUB2 IT COMES UP SMILING. In spite of countess imitations, in spite ot cheap (?) substitutes; in spite of local or- imported rivals? What on earth are yoeu calking about P Why, niaqo Seop, of course. 'The geouiae; "'eazt pierced with an arrow."-[-CAVr. Mns. CAT.TrrAIA: "I want to get a pairt o shoes for the little bye." Olerk : "French kid?" Mrs. Callahan (indignantly): "Indade not. He's nie own son, born an' bred in Ameriky." PlioToor.AruER: "Is there any partienlar) way in which you would like to be taken ?" Mr. Sam Johnsemg: " Yes, sah. If dere'e no dejection, I'd like to be taken a light eream. colour." No AxrxALr. Foon Fon IrHx.-Doctor (cheerily, to patient): "You have gotalong well enough now to indulge in a little animal food, and"-Patient (angrily): "No, you don't! I've suffered enough already on your, old gruel and slops, and I'll behanged if I don't' sooner starve than begin on hay and oats !" A PARIsIAN AccEr.-Spinster: "Have yea, a parrot that can speak a little French?" Dealer: "Certainly, Madam." (To parrot.) " Polly, speak a little French for the lady." Polly: "Oui, monsieur, rosbif, dammit-how's your muzzer?" Spinster (delighted) "Oh, I will take him!" ALWAYS ,STICK .TO THE TRnTa.-" James, ' said the milkman to his new boy, "do you see what I'm a-doin' of?" "Yes, sir," replied James-" you're a-puttin' water in thomilk." "No, I'm not, James-I'm a-pourin' milk in the water. So if any one asks you if I put water in the milk, you can tell 'em 'No.' Allers stick to the truth, James." Ils AFEnriTHOI.oIrr. "I'll let you know to-morrow eve.". She said, and closed the door, While Aspen, as he moved away, Thus mused the matter o'er: "I know that I was awful skeered Before I popped, for fear She'd send me kitin' with a ' No' A ringing' in my ear. "But since I've gone an asked the gal, And come to think, by jings! Of fam'ly jars I've heerd "em say That marriage of 'en brings, And 'bout the sponserbilities It allers has in store, I'm ekeerder now that she'll accept Than what I was before." Ae Ai??vAoerAoa.-Employer: ".Yea .:.are having a decided flirtation with the girl whbo had charge of our telephone wire." Truthful Clerk (with cold chills running up and down his spine, and with visions of his discharge): "Y.ee--s, sir. But, please, sir "-Employer : "Well, keep it up. She will give more atten tion to our calls, if you do." PA GAVsIT AWAY.-Caller: ' Is your mther at home, my son?" Boy: "No, mum.'" Caller: "Did she go out fora drive ?" Boy: "Yes, mum." Caller: " I wonder if that was her I saw just now turning the corner. What sort of a conveyance did she go out in? Do you know?" Boy: "Yes, mum. I heard pa say just a minute ago that she went off in a dudgeon." ABOUT A CORK. I am a cork. Young in years, very young. One day I was taken from a bundle of other corks. Pat into a bottle of champagne. Soot to the hotel Continental, Paris. Thrown on the floor of room 95. Lay there two days. Was picked up by Leon Gascon. He tried to putme into a bottle of absintho. I wouldn't go in. Was cursed and thrown on the floor again. Kicked by Leon when he reached for his re volvcr, muttering: " It is false; good-bye, Louise." Next day was picked up by a chamber-maid. Thrown out on the street. A ragpicke: took me up. Sold me to a cork. cutter. Wos placed among other corks. Next day was trimmed, pared, till I was a very ghost of a champagne cork. Was sold to a druggist. Put into a pint bottle of eau do cologne. Bought by a lady. Placed in a dressing case. Confined to a trunk. Shipped to Now York. Put on a train. Jolted around by an express miD. Taken out of the trunk, placed on the toilet table of a Prairie avenue belle. Careful y taken out and replaced each day for months. flegan to grow wrong'. Wrinkled in face. Loast my colour. lraiw smaller. narrower, shrunken. Head softened. Lower extremitics withered. A prey to microbes. A tremble. A glass stopper will take my place to morrow. I go-where? 