THE Skirmishes on Thursday. Defeat of the Ministry. Sentimental Oppositionists said on Thurs day " See Providence has seat rain; now there is a certainty of getting rid of the Play ford Government." Sympathisers with the other side retorted "Heaven weeps over the office- seeking of the Opposition." What ever the showers prognosticated they had little effect on the attendance either in the House or beyond the bar. Ladies even faced the inclement weather, while the sterner sex were present in sufficient force to fill all the seats provided for their accommodation. The dulness of the sky was so great that there was no hope of its being illumined by the brightness of the debate, and so it happened that the electric light appeared before the advent of the Speaker. When Mr. Caldwell got well to work, however, it confidently faded away again and came back with the Attorney- General. The Legislative chamber looked very cosy and comfortable under the glow, while the sense of luxury was accentuated by the fact that there were very few vacant spaces in any part of the handsome hall. The Upper House was not sitting, and early in the afternoon Mr. Copley was the only member who came down from "another place" to listen to the noise of combat in the Assembly. Later on, however, Messrs. Haslam, Charleston, Guthrie, Kirkpatrick, O'Loghlin, Baker, Magarey, Gordon, and Ward showed their faces, while several ex members of the Assembly smelt the battle afar off, and came to see the fun. There were very few questions or notices, but apologies and explanations filled up the first five minutes of the sitting. Mr. Catt, amid general cheers, expressed regret for accusing the Commissioner of Public Works of "arrant stupidity," and the amende was accepted "as generously as it was offered." Then Mr. Parsons sought through the Speaker the assurance of Mr. Holder that he had never been offered the post of Minister of Education. " I never offered it, nor did the honorable member ask it," promptly responded the leader of the Opposition, while the Treasurer appositely enquired—" Have you ever had it to offer Next'Mr. Hopkins sought to interrogate Mr. Holder as to his intentions with reference to Mr. Moule supposing the motion were carried. The Speaker, however, came to the assistance of the questioned by a ruling that the query was an improper one. Just more than two-thirds of the members of the Assembly were present at 10 minutes past 2, when Mr. Caldwell rose to speak of the " grave issue at stake" in connection with the debate then in progress. He thought that the leader of the Opposition had been indefinite in his charges, hut could not congratulate the other side on their openness during recess or in the Governor's speech. He compared . politics to a game of cards, but promptly ex ; plained, lest the elect should be shocked, that I he did not know one card from another. I _ "And yet we have free education!" inter | jeeted Mr. Ash, with an air of sad surprise. | After a somewhat lugubrious reference to j the death of the Duke of Clarence, Mr. I Caldwell suggested that the success of ! I the flotation of Treasury bills, although I it showed the confidence of capitalists in ! the country, led to the idea that much [ money was lying idle in the banks which ought to be put to good use. He complained I that, as chairman of the Pastoral Commission, j he had been badly treated by the Govern i ment, who had not told him what their | pastoral legislation was to be, although j they showed the Bill to another member, who j had given him a very disappointing account of its contents. | "It was not shown for criticism, but to prove that we had the Bill ready," was the Premier's rejoinder, which caused much | laughter. J "Ah," said Mr. Bartlett, looking regretfully at his late colleague, "I wish I could initiate I more of the farmer and less of the squatter into you." The member for Onkaparinga then bestowed high praise on Mr. Homburg, whom the Premier approvingly patted on the back. He also expressed regret that Mr. Kingston had not waited till he had an opportunity of leading for himself, as nature had most highly qualified him for that position. He was verv severe on Mr. Rounsevell's transference to "the office of j Treasurer, and reminded Mr. Playford that two years ago he had said " there would have been a howl all through the country" if the member | for Port Adelaide were made Treasurer, as he ; is a bank director. "'The four steps' have caused me to distrust the Government," said Mr. CalduVJ, to which Mr, Bartlett added with emphasis, "'They led to perdition." Eor along time Mr. Caldwell's vote seemed hanging in the balance, and Ministerial faces fell, while the Opposition rippled over with smiles, when just as he sat down at 3 o'clock he announced that he would support the amend ment. "A dissolution should result," said Mr. Johnson, and his colleague expressed thorough agreement with this view, adding that after a second no-confidence motion which should dis place Mr. Holder's team a Ministry would be formed which would do credit to itself and to thecountry. This caused a sensation. The Attorney-General was the next speaker, andhisutterance, which was thusfarthe longest of the debate, was characterised by much fervid vigor. He claimed that Mr. Caldwell was not 3ustmed m his accusations, and stated that the only thing the Cockburn Government had done for the dairying industry was to buy machinery on which the hens now roo3ted at the Roseworthy _ Agricultural College. He had always been in favor of the four steps of tue Playford policy, and he would see them carried some day. He asked whether any previous Ministry had ever had to face so many no-confidence motions in so short a time? " There were never such a hungry lot on the other side before," said Mr. Kingston. "Nor sa weak a Ministry on yours," com mented Mr. Lamshed. "If the Ministry are weak the sooner they are out of existence the better," agreed Mr. Homburg. " you have struggled on a long time," added Mr. Howe. The Attorney-General, continuing, said he would support Mr. Holder's Government if he were successful and if it contained no rats. Orisismpngering was a public calamity, and public business could not go on in the face of no- confidence motions. " Why did you not think of that when you turned out the Gockbum Government?" en quired Mr. O'LoughJin, to which Mr. Homburg' different ^en »enSiVe laUghter> "Thiugs were The report_ of the third Ministerial great gun having died away, Mr, O'Loughlin rose to express his pleasure that retribution was coming on the Ministry. The drought had prouen up, the Government was about to be broken up, and the country would soon have peace under a Cabinet who would attend to its Japan1DS of wanderinB away to India or Mr. Miller, as all expected, promised to help the Government m their last struggle, while Mr. Brooker pointed out that it was;the.men on the Ministerial side of the House who'had begun the faction fighting. He proclaimed the -&95ck,burn Government, and ffiB faith m Mr. Holder a ability and integrity. He reiterated his belief m elective Ministries, and the Premier suggested that he should add speech mentt0 that efFoctj to the Governor's _ "Will you join my Ministry ?" asked Mr Bartlett, but Mr. Brooker ignored the remark! and went on to say that he was quite prepared to .introduce the progressive land tax if that i could be done as a private member, while he recognised no leader but his own convictions, bouth Australia, ho claimed, is a land of Mr Ash a cel';a'n ext>enb," commented "The Ministry are my friends, and if they go out I wish them luck," was Mr. Brooker's concluding remark. A Pa®sage and a quick return, eh?"' enquired Mr. Kingston. Mr. Brooker sat down at half-past 5, and asolemnlsilenee. " Have I squashed the debate. he said. Mr. Solomon, however, stepped into the breach, but gracefully retired when he saw Mr. Gould was ready to fill up The member for West Torrens said Mr. btock s speech last year was so applicable to the present occasion that he could not refrain from using it now. Some remarks from Mr. Grainger evoked the interjeotion that tbere would be no attempt to imitate him. „If you did you'd make a colossal failure of it,^answered Mr. Grainger. "I'm not enough of a clown," agreed Mr. Gould, who was startled by the response, No, you are too much of a fool!" As the reading of Mr. Stock's speech wa3 continued some one cried out, "0, giveusvour own views; and another antiphonically re fill't ?,' {fot any." " Oh, that won't take long, said Mr. Gould, replying to the a360- D' an<F tbere was'a meaning Agam 1uofclug from his next he real that members were not sent into the House to 1 do( various time-wasting things. 1 polated.1, Mri McPherson™0113' SpeGChes'" infcer" " Oh, we have not heard the honorable mem. ber s voice yet," answered Mr. Gould. use If lV0U d0 Lhope I,8ha11 make a better use of it, was the crushing rejoinder, and after a solemn aesevertion that he had not) made a penny out of Commissions Mr. Gould sat down. At 6 o'clock there was again a risk of the amendment being pub, and the Government whip had to begin a speech in real earnesb. He spoke of the tricks and dodges which were resorted to by the Opposition to get votes. "You daren't vote as you like" said Mr. Stock, and this extracted the retort that in his hunger for the Attorney-Generalship Mr. Stock had gone over to the Opposition, although a few weeks previously he had pro fessed his friendship to the Ministry. " That is absolutely contrary to faeb," said.Mr. Stock, and Mr. Solomon added " Why it is an open secret in the hands of the public." " You sold yourself for the salary of whip" was the next compliment. "Yes, and if the Government had got rid of a certain hoary-headed and noble- bearded official you would be Crown Solicitor instead of occupying a seat in the House." "Why not give us £1,000 a year all round and save all this?" asked Mr. Hopkins. Then Mr. Solomon justified himself against a charge of ratting, and protested that he would not entice members into corners and sly lanes to magnify their grievances and talk them out of their votes. He would nob sneak rouDd and pour poison into different ears as the half dozen Opposition whips did. "You have a very high opinion of your fellow-members," said Mr. Lamshed, while Mr. Stock, in a very loud whisper interjected— " Ob, don't mind him, he's only fighting for his screw !" This drew forth a comparison of Mr.^ Stock to a "human gnat or a mosquito," and immediately afterwards Mr. Solomon solemnly expressed his intention not to indulge in personalities, a remark which brought a hearty burst of laughter. Just as the temperature was rising to an uncomfortable degree of heat the Speaker vacated his chair and members rushed off to their dinners. When Mr. Solomon returned he was in a more contented humor, and the air of debate was much clearer. The main en trances of the Parliament buildings were con gested with eager electors waiting for a chance to get seats, which were at a high premium. There was a close ' cram above the clock, many persons having to stand. In the Speaker's gallery, too, the crush was very great, and all the aisle3 were filled, ladies being especially numerous. Again, however, there was plenty of room in the Legislative Council where Mr. Addison and Mr. Copley were for several hours alone. There was a general hint that the crisis was at hand in the faces of the actors and the specta tors of the drama. Mr. Solomon had a very attentive audi tory despite the faeb that he kept the House listening for an hour and a half. He argued that as he had suffered martyrdom for six months in having to keep his mouth shut while members talked twaddle he should now be allowed to have his swing._ Shortly afterwards he accused the Opposition of cowardly silence, aud Mr. Grainger retorted—" You're talking enough for the whole House." Mr. Horn rather startled members by stating that till Wednesday he was an Oppositionist, bub now he had transferred his allegiance to the Government. He had sought certain pledges from Mr. Holder, aud those notbeing forthcoming hehadaskedto berelieved from his promise to support the Opposition. This was generously given. "And now the other side don't want you," said Mr. Bartletb, and much laughter followed. "I once had the laudable ambition of becoming a Minister of the Crown"—" God forbid !" said Mr. Bartletb—" bub I recognise that my old time free-trade and capitalistic notions are against me," was the concluding sentiment of Mr. Horn, who at the beginning of his speech had caused much amusement by suggesting that the member for Light had been selected to make the pessimistic speech at the opening of the debate on the advice of Cardinal Newman who wrote— Lead, kindly Light, Amid the encircling gloom. Mr. Lamshed in a sprightly speech gave the Commissioner of Public Works a very uncom fortable half hour, while he sat down with a good humored "Goodbyto the Government." His colleague followed, and said that while he was of the opinion that Mr. Horn was voting with the Oppositionbe had no difficulty in stiels> mg to Playford, but now he was puzzled which way to go. _ln the _ourse of a very disjointed harangue Air. Bai.ietb, who received his hint of vice ; royalty on the presence of extra aide-de-camp Lieutenant- Colonel Gordon) in the Speaker's gal ltry, found fault with theGovernor for notvisib mg Yorke's Peninsula and the areas, and be cause his Excellency did not invite farmers and their wives to Government Houss, which seemed to be reserved for squatters. He was proceeding to say some uncomplimentary things of Lord Kinbora, when the Speaker ordered him to take his seat. "I will not!" he said obstinately. "Iinsist upon ib, and I will compel the hon. member to do so," was the Speakers dignified and firm response. " How will you do so ? I won't sit down," persisted the bad boy. "Then I shall be reluctantly compelled to take a course which I have never adopted before and name the hon. member as guilty of disorderly conduct. I call upon the Premier to do his duty." The Premier seemed very reluctant to do his duty, and the Chief Secretary sought to inter pose, but the Speaker was resolute, and even- j tually Mr. Playford had to tell the recalcitrant ; member for Yorke's Peninsula that he must , either apologise or risk most terxible penalties. ! He apologised. Matters went on very peacefully then for a I while and little of a startling character os- i curred until Mr. Grainger was referred to as an individual with a mouth like a rhinoceros and limbs like a giraffe. Then and there a list of personalities wa3 indulged in. Mr. Moule I was described in most uncomplimentary '• terms, and Mr. Barblett even went so far as to ' threaten to oppose him at Flinders. Other ! ; members, too, were treated in a similar manner and then In the presence of the Chairman, who _ sat in the Speaker's gallery — the erratic member for Yorke's Peninsula entered on a vivid attack on the Railway Comtnis- i | sioners, advancing from them to other civil j officials of high grade. Mr. Bartletb had been ! up for two hours and twenty minutes and i i seemed good for another hour when the i Government whip insinuatingly slipped a note I ■ into his hand and he sat down. j ! Then at eight minutes before midnight Mr. | KmgBton rose, and the House, which had been 1 i thinned by previous talkers, rapidly filled, i i most members ranging on the Opposition I benches where they could best hear. Eager- j ness was everywhere apparent, for all knew i that the speech of the debate was cominc. 1 For ten minutes more than an hour Mr. ' Kingston spoke with a fiery energy which at times rose to moving eloquence. It was an independent speech which during its whole course held the rapt atten tion of the House. He indignantly repudiated the charge of inconsistency levelled against mm by the other side, and hotly affirmed that for eleven years his career had been one of perfect honesty. He pointed to the excellent work which had been done by Governments with which he had been associated, and challenged the Opposition to prove that) he had nob always been staunch and true tt r6j ,Print;iples he originally advocated, -tie had been in Parliament and in office to his own hurt; but he would a hundred times sooner be the lieutenant of Mr. Playford and know that he had done him no wrong than accept the highest position in the land and feel that he had not been true. He spoke with fervor of the unworthy action of the deserters of the Government, and said the Ministry were going out—but with drums beating and banners flying. _ Then he turned fiercely on the alleged traitors. He doubted if Mr. Stock would have the pluok to take office even now, as the execration of the country would • follow such a shameless action. Then there waB Mr. HandyBide, whose defection was caused by his own accession to office; Mr. Moule too, who was a reguiar Warwick, who was never laithlul to any parby. Warming up as he proceeded Mr. Kingston spoke with indignant sorrow of the attitude ot the labor party, whom he accused of the blackest ingratitude that ever disgraced any body of men. In storm and sunshine he had been faithful to them, aud when he asked their support they refused it. He had joined Mr. Blayford because the Premier was worried and needed a holiday, and he knew he was looked to for help. After all he had done in in dustrial matters, the men for whom he worked tried to turn him out with discredit. Mr Holder supported black labor and free-trade! both of which were condemned by the classes he had labored for, for whom Mr. Mr. Kingston with intense feeling, "and this proves that Mr. Holder is play tog the game of the laoor party, and that he is willing to abandon his principles to gain their votes, .therefore I say ours is the defeat, bub the great moral victory." Mr. Kingston sat down amid great cheering, strangers m the upper gallery, and even several members m the Assembly Chamber, loudly clapping their hands. J Mr. Moule followed. He replied to Mr. Kingston for a space of half an hour, and then a cheer greeted the advent into the debate ot Mr. McPherson, who spoke with calm deliberation and with much fluency and clear ness. As was expected he opened with a refe rence to black labor, and announced his oppo si.tion to the introduction of alien races of all kinds. Why was not a conferenoe suggested and a protest uttered, he asked, when the Ministry first heard from Sir Samuel Griffith of his intention to reintroduce kanakas into Queensland ? The House was weary bub attentive, and the benches gradually filled as \- Tt. McPkerH°n proceeded, the audience in the galleries, and especially in the upper tier, listening as to a champion. Tfto labor members o£ the Council—Messrs. Kirk patrick and Gubhrie—were in the Legislative Council seats, their companions being Dr. Campbell and Mr. Gordon, the latter of whom, if report be true, is to be a member of the next Government. Ladies, too, sat out the debate with apparent interest, and at half-pa3b l the benches on the right showed a goodly sprink ling of the disfranchised sex. From black labor Mr. McPherson passed on to other matters apd wound up by the affirmation that those who thought the pro gressive land tax was dead, would find out their mistake at the next election. The mem ber for East Adelaide spoke for 40 minutes, and his utterances created a very favorable impression in the House. Mr. Stock came next and he expressed the opinion that to-morrow Mr. Kingston, who had offended his best friends, would be sorry for the unkind things he had uttered. For a time it appeared as if the two solicitors would come to serious feud, bub the thundercloud passed over before any one had been injured. At 20 minutes to 2 the last bolb of the Ministry was hurled by the "Commissioner of Public Works, who entered upon a vigorous and effective defence of his department. He was especially bard on Mr. Grainger, in whom he thought there were some honorable streaks, ] although those of the other sort predominated. He also dropped down heavily upon Mr. Lamshed and some other critics who were evidently possessed more prejudice than information. He regretted that the Govern ment whip had, by implicit on, accused public officers of the treacherous /livulgement, and he felt it his duty to contradict such an assumption. Mr. ,jeukins poured forth earne3b declamation for 20 minutes less than two hours, and though the House at the end of his speech was both sleepy and languid he was yet re warded by hearty cheers. It was now nearly half-past 4, bub the galleries were still filled, while ladies svb patiently on, though here and there companions snored about them. In the strangers' gallery especially there was a wakeful crowd, and one was tempted to ask with Macaulay, " Have ye no crafts to mind at home that hitherward ye stray?" According to a witty journalist, ibis the ghosts of deceased jurymen who people this enclosure, and truly the superhumanly solemn faces of the occupants suggest that there is truth in this ghastly suggestion. In the Assembly ilsclf there were 22 members, of whom Messrs. Homburg and Gould slept com fortably, while other legislators reclined m a half somnolent state. Ab 4 o'clock copies of The Advertiser were distributed in the cham ber, and Messrs. Blacker, White, Castme, and Miller were soon busily buried in their con tents. There they read a forecast of the divi sion, not taken till two hours afterwards, which was exactly accurate both as to names and numbers. At 4.23 a.m. Mr. Ash resumed a speech at the point where he left off on December 17 last, when the Speaker declined to allow him to criticise certain land transactions of the Playford Government in connection with the Appropriation Biil. He made great fund of no-confidence motions, and said while the Opposition tried to prove the Government and their supporters to be unblushing scoundrels, the other side alleged that the Opposition had only escaped the gallows by a defect of the law. Unfortunately, he added, the general public believed both these statements. The Chief Secretary, he said, had evinced enough indignation to blow a ship along; but he yet did not look upon the leader of the Govern ment as sufficiently sublime to lead him to sink his individuality, nor did he admire Dr. Cock bum sufficiently to substitute that gentleman's judgment for his own. He had assisted ab five of these entertainments, but this was the slowest of the lot, as there was no principle at stake. The whip nad no influence with him, and indeed he looked upon that official as a "legalised nuisance." If Dr. Cockburn had introduced the amendment in the interest of the progressive land tax he would have felt more inclined to support it. "Mr. Kingston," added Mr. Ash, "has been the wetnurse of the Ministry and from him they have drawn their nourishment. It was largeness of heart and not largeness of head which had kept him true to Mr. Play ford, and private friendship was placed above public considerations." "Hear, hear," said Mr. Brooker. Mr. Ash then spoke of the atrocious and in excusable breach of faith of the Ministry on the Sunday closing question, whereat Mr. Hopkins fervently added a cheer, and he then proci' ded to defend his colleague against office seeking. Mr. Ash subsided at a quarter to G after a talk of SO minutes, and then Mr. Hack arose with a promise of succinctness, which was religiously kept. At G o'clock there were 62 persons in the Strangers' Gallery, 16 onthelefb of the Speakers' Gallery, of whom five were ladies, and 18, in eluding Messrs. Kirkpatriek, Guthrie, Copley, Gordon, and a prominent member or the National Defence League on the other side. In the Assembly were 23 members in a more or less somnolent condition, and as Mr. Hopkins rose to verbally murder somebody, every one settled himself down to more com fortable slumber. The Ministerial "barracker" from Port Adelaide only spoke for 20 minutes, and the Queen's English was the only thing he slaughtered. He boasted of re presenting the most populous of South Australian constituencies, in which he said he had beaten^ Mr. Kirkpatriek in 1SS7 and Mr. Charleston in 1800, while he was prepared to vanquish the best labor man that could be scut next year. He had not intended to vote at all in this division, bub lest he should be accused of cowardice he would help the Government, againsb whom he was surprised that the 1 abor candidates had the conscience to vote. On the subject of colored labor Mr. Hopkins summed up thus—"As to Chinamen, it's well known I'd hang the lot of them." Mr. Hooper was the thirby-fourbh and last speaker of the debate, and he only occupied live minutes in setting forth bis reasons for distrust ing the Ministry. If he was getting experience in nothing else, he said he was finding out all about no-confidence motions, but he argued that the tergiversation of the Government warranted the assaults of the Opposition. When the member for Wallaroo sat down ab 6.21 a.m. there was no member ready to con tinue the talk, and the Speaker proceeded to put the amendment. The volume of "Noes" appeared to be the loudest, bub a division showed that there were 24 votes for Mr. Holder and 20 for the Government, in addi tion to four sets of pairs. The announcement of victory was greeted with loud cheers, which Mr. Grainger led in a truly enthusiastic fashion. When the vote was taken there were still five ladies present, while all the galleries were well filled, and everyone seemed suddenly ' to spring wide awake. The address in reply as amended having been agreed to further ;consideration of the Governor s speech was adjourned till Tuesday, to which day all other business was also postponed, and at 6.30 a.m. everything was over. The galleries soon emptied, and legislators living in town speedily sought their homes, bub politicians who had _ to catch the morning trains assembled in the smoking-room to chat and rest until it was time to saunter to the railway station. 