VANITY FAIR. lir J. M. D. LONDON, March 31. 1 his heirs "Show Sunday' has been hastily pronounced a failure Either Lent, or the date of the Oxford and Cambridge boat race, or some such reason, brought on the day unusually early, and before the critics had wound themselves up to in spection pitch Besides, there was a dense fog in the morning over certain quarters of London, and our principal air experts and reporters, concluding that the fashionable world would not venture out to "do the studios, 116 in bed When they got up they wrote absurd paragraphs declaring that no body had gone, and that Show Sunday was a Hung of the past At West house, the Houghton. beautiful place in Campden Hill! road, all the "best Americans just now in London put in an appearance, and there was no fog Americans are extremely proud of their countryman who has won his way to the distinction of A /. A and they will always buy his pictures, on patriotic principles thirty or forty years ago the United States Government, having made a complete mess of their " Indian Policy, and of the attempt to rule and provide from Washington for the remnants of Red Indian nations scattered along the borders of the ever extend mg Western territories, handed over the Indian Administration in despair to the Society of a neilds The latter, of course, ultimately made a still worse mess of the whole thing, but it happened that while their rule lasted certain worthy Quakers found a little white boy, stolen or strayed, in ii Sioux camp, traded a few blankets for him, and carried him back to civilisation This boy grew up to be G H Boughton, AHA There is an ingenious legend to the effect that, because the lad was thus bought, he was named "thoughtful,' but I am afraid Americans don't really use the Cockney word "in for one " This year Houghton s principal picture indicates the new socialistic or democratic tendencies which have spread to the studios now that the aristocracy and country gentry have no money wherewith to buy pictures It represents one of the pro letunat meeting his wife on a cold winter's day and offering to carry the baby Train their expression we gathered that no member of this family could work more than 75 hours a day Houghton has also painted a Dutch girl, on the ice-Me Dutch girl, in fact, w horn we all know and like, for the sake other rich stone pippin cheeks, grey eyes, and delightful little win of lace skating cap Houghton's eyesight, I fear, is not quite so good as it was His marvellous technical skill and superb I draughtsmanship (why do all Americans make such "strong" draughtsmen') are unimpaired, but his colouring is becoming somewhat confused West house is a lovely place , endless delicious rooms, alcoves, and passages strewn about the building by an artist hand Here came the Irv ings, ever so many of their set, and also Mrs 'J P O'Connor revived and rejuvenated, and promising to grow actually handsome She now leads about with her an immense lad, some 6ft bin in stature, the offspring of a previous vast and vague American marriage The young (gentleman, however, has formally adopted the 'I 1' family name, and calls himself O'Connor He is one of Hubert Herkomer student pupils at Djreliiini, by Bushey in Hertfordshire Awhile back he was engaged to a granddaughter of Dan O'Connell the Liberator, but is now studying art seriously As the ivy axed wooden Doors and cunning little landing places at A\ est house are so highly polished and so slippery, 1 wussuiprised that this tall youth did not tumble down James MacNeill Whistler, however, did so Just after he had said good bye to Mrs Houghton (a charming wife and hostess, indeed a "model in every sense of the world), Jim A\ Justice slipped and fell, I am sorry to say from the top to the very bottom of the staircase As he picked himself up from the art met at the foot, we heard him muttering half angrily, half are gretfully, "What did teetotaller built this house' Mrs Jopling Howe had ever so many Show Sunday pi opie at her studio One of her sons died in Australia but I forget his precise name, for Mrs Jopling Rowe has been thrice married first to Sir Jopling an artist also a clerk at the Horse Guards (which is different from the War Office), and a rather famous volunteer in his day He won the Queen's Pmc at ASiinbltdon and after wards I think, died under rule r sad cir- cumstances then his widow married a Mr Homer, and finally Mr Rowe, a highly respectable solicitor. Her friends say that her next husband will be called Resist, this being the superlative of the two; indeed, Mrs. .Topling-Hoivc lives in an atmosphere of partially successful epigrams, and among the kind of brilliant people who are immortalised daily in the Star's fashionable column. Although she numbers some 50 summers now, each successive marriage has rendered her more beautiful, and she possesses a soft purring sort of voice which leads you to believe that she will tell you some great secret by-and-by ; this she never actually does. George Alexander and his pretty half French little wife came to this studio, the shoulders of her pulled Ttidorised satin sleeves rising above the level of her hat. Lady Windermere's Fan has taken a fresh lease of life since people have come back to town, and on the strength thereof the Alex- ander are moving into a new house. AS young Justin Huntley M'Carthy is beginning to assail Oscar Wilde savagely, Oscar must be a success as a dramatist after all. On Show Sunday we all drink each other's tea. You put your cup just poured out and your piece of cake on a window sill, try to look at the pictures, and then in come new disturbing people with aggressive costumes. It is your duty to make much of the newcomers, and then the nervous host catches sight of and offers to them your abandoned tea. Miss Fortescue and Lady Colin Campbell came here, also Mrs. Frankel, who writes ob- securely improper novels under the now de plume of "Frank Danby." She imparted to me that, in her opinion, the three greatest men who ever lived were-it is rather difficult to put it "Jesus Christ, William Thomas Stead, and Arthur James Balfour." Mrs. Frankel is rich, and identifies herself with William Archer's naughty Hadspen- dent" Theatre. She is sisters to Sam' Davis, who formerly wrote theatrical criticisms for the Sporting Life under the title of " Brick- bat." Jim Davis suffered the penalties of the law for libelling the Duke of Portland, and started the Bal, a sort of nitroglycerine society paper, which exploded together after 'a-',',vvh¡le.,, All his judgments" and penalties are now settled, however, and he has become prosperous through a marriage with the daughter of Andre, a West-End butter. Mrs. Stannard, of course, appeared, grown very fat and communicative about her offspring, who, she says, cannot exist in London air. When poor Sir Morell Mackenzie was introduced to this lady, she, seeing that he did not catch her name, said to him, "I'm John Strange Winter." He stared very hard. "I mean," added the lady, "I'm Booties'Baby." Sir Morell went up to the hostess and said, in his simpering, lisp- ing way, "You may not be aware, madam, that you have a lunatic in your house, who first told me that she was a man and then that she was another person's infant." Mrs. Jopling-llowc's Academy picture, by the way, represents Mrs. Beerbohm Tree as Ophelia, her present part at the Haymarket Theatre. It is a queer caricature on the whole, depict- ing Mrs. Beerbohm Tree with flowers all over her, and in her most meretricious and stage aspect. Jacomb Hood I found in his new quarters at Power-house, in Elsie-street, Chelsea. Wiiistler.CatonAVoodiillp.nnd other at times used to have studios here, but Jacomb Hood has taken the whole house. The interior is a very perfect but rather sombre re- production of Italian 14th century decora- tion. Jacomb Hood paints queer allegorical subjects, which nobody buys, and he does not expect to be able to keep up his grand new house very long at that rate. At the studio of a rising young artist, Lucian Davis, who is a devout Roman Catholic, I got into conversation with one of the visitors, rather a severe looking old gentleman of dry legal aspect, and his wife, a staid, motherly linly, much taller than her husband. I came to the conclusion that he was legal adv asserts the Domini- can Order in London-my young artist friend having been for years a volunteer chorister boy at their great church, Hampstead way and I asked the old gentleman what was thought in Catholic circles of Dr. Vaughan's appointment to the see of Westminster in, succession to Manning. He was, however, too much of a diplomatist, I thaw, to say much about that. When this couple went away the artist told me that it was Charles Coburn, the famous interpreter of Two Lovely Black Eyes," to whom I had been talking. Time flies, and Cobern, who is really an old man off the stage, has developed quite a passion for studio life. He is also one of the best French scholars in this country. A number of famous pictures, rarely seen of recent years, was well known by en gravings and tradition, are now hung at Christie's sale rooms 'Their collector, the late David Price, a wealthy woollen nu reliant, was one of those Philistine art patrons who have done so much unwittingly to stay and wound British art with their lethal cheque books Among these pictures is a small sized replica of Perth's " Railway Station," also an early Millis of great merit, and some fine Stansfield Mr Price, however, bought some very dreadful pictures in his day, and here they are at Christie s I saw Hepworth Dixon's two clever daughters exquisitely dressed, and taking notes diligently They are exceedingly successful journalists and art critics in these days and unlikely by their talent to keep their father's name to the front. Mrs Humphrey Ward is always to be seen in these rooms parading up and down, catalogue in hand, and personally labelled, " I am the authoress of David Elunet e and Jlobetl Grenenger some such books) pray observe me, and do not fail to note the expression of self consciousness on his charless face." Another veteran frequenter of Christie's is Percy Wyndham, Lord Beaconsfield s brother, and father-in-law of Lord Elcho, whose witty speech against "payment of members" the other night 13 talked about everywhere as the debating success of the session Lord Elcho threatened to claim back pay for nine years if the salary grab" iv ei e passed 'The odd thing is that the House of Lords is said to be seriously in earnest about the proposal now A motion in favour of paid peers would be carried by a large majority As Victoria is not a Crown colony, you do not send us deputations of ratepayers commissioned to arouse public opinion here on questions of local self government Ger tam Gibraltar citizens are enjoying themselves in London at present, bearing with them a grievance against the Colonial Office, and all the newspapers are disposed to advocate the cause, Downing streeujbbmg quite friendless 'The old Duke of Wellingtons opinion about local government at Malta and Gibraltar was thus expressed "What, what, eli' Might as well talk of local government on board a troopship, cb I ' Nevertheless, Gibraltar under local rule has always been the cleanest town in the whole Mediterranean, from end to end The crying sin of the sanitary commissioners there is that they duly prolong the sewer outfall far enough into the bay The town drainage discharges right under the windows of the Admirals) offices, and, in such a climate, is actually killing the unfortunate Admiralty officials one by one Government say that when the British took the place in 1701 they found it practically without any population at all, and that they are entitled to have things very much their own way Local opinion chums that the local board should consist of two thirds rate payers to this Government reports that, even so, to pay the majority of the rates, and ought to appoint a majority of official members of the 10 600 civilian inhabitants of the Hock, by far the largest proportion is Tews Gm cellar was at one time the old spot 111 Spain where this persecuted race could settle The coaling of ships and smuggling are the great staple industries at Gibraltar, and the place has thriven immensely of recent years, the Jews having insult enormous fortunes sixth these businesses "turns about lubricator snigging across the neutral ground into Spain are endless A favourite smuggling device is to bring dogs from Spain, keep them 111 Gibraltar until they are half starved, then tie a loud of tobacco round their necks and loose and 'they at once (lush off towards Spain in search of dinner A tender hearted young lady of socialistic principles once asked a smuggler what he did of his faithful canine agent was shot by the Spanish sentries. " Oh, senora," said the man, " we just get another dog." "That," observed the lady, is the capitalist answer a cry where." The Chauvinism or patriotic pride of the average Spanish Speak ing citizen in his British nationality is one of the phenomenal things at Gibraltar. Sir William Bowman, the greatest oculist in this country, perhaps in the world, has just died at the age of 76. He was a Cheshire man, who worked his way right up through all the grades of his profession to the very top, and died smothered in honours. For many years past, before his retirement from practice, his fee for an operation had been either nothing or 150 guineas, and he must have amassed the largest fortune ever made by an ophthalmic surgeon. The Germans have a great reputation in this branch of surgery, and Sir William Bowman, a few years ago, introduced a German oculist in London who almost immediately, as a compliment to his nationality, was given a high appointment at Guy's Hospital. He turned out a complete failure, and Sir William over and over again had to repair his blunders upon unfortunate patients. When operating for cataract on both eyes it is the custom, I understand, with the beat oculists to try the terrible scraping process on one eye to begin with. They then wait a few day 8, get up the patient's strength, and operate on the other eye. The German surgeon at Guy's once addressed the students as follows :-" G smile ment, when I operator I always operate on both eyes at once. I'm not going to have Sir William Bowman and Mr. Crichett botching up my work any more." The ruined "plunger," orman of fashion, does not in these days take to the road" and turn highwayman. He writes his reminiscences. Harry Herbert, of Muckross, has testified to his friends that he still lives by describing, in the New York Cosmopolitan, in collaboration with some American Bos- well, the manners and customs of the British Guardsman. Thirty years ago Harry Herbert was known in the Coldstreams as "the better," for it is proverbial that hatters are mad. As he began life as a middy in the navy, he was allowed a good deal of latitude, but the Guards had at last to draw the line somewhere. The "Herbert of Muckross are descended from Lord Herbert of Cherbury, and represent the senior branch of the family, to which the Earls of Pembroke and Lords Powis belong. Muckross Abbey, their estate, bordering on the Lakes of Killarney, is one of the most beautiful portions of the world's surface. Here and on the Kenmare estate adjoining the only wild red deer existing in Irelandaretobefound. Henry Arthur Herbert, father of " the matter," was one of the many " handsomest men in England " in his day. I he died of a broken heart, because Lord Palmerston, who had offered him an Irish ' peerage, wouldn't make him an English peer. Harry, his son, was for many years the too a devoted admirer of Lady Keane. According to a custom more honoured in France than I in England, Lady Keane decided after a , while that her lover should become her son in-law. After this strange marriage the old relations were kept up between mother and son-in-law, and at Muckross one day Mrs. Harry Herbert discovered how matters stood, whereupon she turned her mother out of the house. Harry Herbert was so impressed by this act of decision that he straightway fell in love with his own wife, who had golden hair., while the mother's hair was black, verging on grey. The outraged wife, however, resolutely rejected her husband's suit, and subsequently herself eloped with a young gentleman of the name of Greenfield. This led to a divorce. Lady Keane had by that time seen the errors of her ways and joined a Revivalist community somewhere in Ireland. Harry Herbert next wandered off to Boston, and wnaaboutto wed an heiress there when his divorced wife appealed on the scene, told the American girl the story of her wrongs, and stopped the marriage. She subsequently returned to London, and after a romantic career was successful in obtain- ing £20,000 from that member of Parliament who is the original of " Egerton Boi,ipii8,"_m the "Times," now running at Terry's Theatre. On this provision she retired. The Land Leaguers and Harry Herbert's creditors between them now dispose of the whole of the income from the Muckross Estate left after paying £4,000 a year to dowagers and cncumbrunccB. ut course me Lomwpoittan service tens very little about "Life in the Guards' There is an account of the curious hospitality offered by the Bank of England directors to the officers of the Guards A dinner and two bottles of superb wine are provided every day in the room where the officer spends his time on guard. 'I his room is situated at the end of sundry winding passages in the very heart of the Bank of England premises, n inch are of enormous extent and situated at the junction of seven different eil) parishes of so many years ago a mysterious woman of short stature used to haunt this spot She was wont to appear, no one ever knew from whence, and take a look at the officer on duty through a grating. If she was favourably impressed by his appearance she would make his further acquaintance vanishing as ¡resterions]} as she came She was known in the Brigade of Guards us the Bank Ghost There is nothing to relate about Miss Daisy Hopkins, the heroine of the Cambridge spin ning house case, except that she has now been enthusiastically taken up by the advanced social purity party in the town. She will probably lecture by and by. There is some prospect that Thomas Lake Harris, the poet, and patentee of a sort of " Wild West " religion, and the person who induced Laurence Oliphant to give him all his fortune will arrive here shortly to boom himself, make converts, and obtain cash 'The Pall Mall (Gazette seems inclined to make much of Hams The odd thing is that while we have an abundant supply of local prophets, cra/ysnuffy old gentlemen living in back streets authorised or Peckham, all of them as interesting, truthful, clean, and sane as Harris, people will continue to rush off to America or Thibet to prostrate themselves at the feet of persons like Harris and Colonel Olcott, whose sole attraction is that they speak through their noses I believe that the real reason why Laurence Oliphant delivered himself body and soul into the hands of the limits impostor was that he considered he owed some dire expiation to leaving or to Immunity for the frightful Bins which he had committed during a residence in Ceylon By a recent edict Lord Knutsford has reduced the amount of such ama possible in the island by L'O ; per cent and the knowledge of this colony might perhaps placate Lord Car union It is becoming one seas that one of the chief functions! of a dukes is the expression of the empire in the procreation of ¿lcntirBiitains over sea the Dukes of Abercorn and Fife had till just lately a rival, as empire builders, of the Duke of Marlborough who is living in comparative retirement at Blenheim, only occasionally at variance with his divorced Duchess about the allowance to be made to their son, the Marquis of Blandford 'The Duke has been an active partner in that rather mysterious association " The Mo/am bique Company which at one time was at deadly feud with the British South Africa Company The Mozambique Company began as a Portuguese concern, with a Portuguese name and Pot suggest directors and comes stops It was next supposed to have fallen into the hands of a syndicate of French capitalists, who were going to build a railway from the Mozambique coast to Mashonaland, and to control part of last Atina on anti-British principles It with multi) turned out that the Mozambique Company consisted chiefly) of business, two Dublin Quakers note the principal directors in London An Irish contractor of the name of Departs vi lie built the Kimberley water works, and a Stock Exchange man called Geoghegan, were also active spirits in the " Coinpimha do Mozambique The original Portuguese associates and the French Syndicate of course turned out to have no money and the Duke of Marlborough joined the directorate last year, but has lately quarrelled with everybody concerned, and finally wrote a haughty letter to Lisbon de during that his own views must be adopted 'They were not adopted, and he is about to retire in a huff Meanwhile Mr Knight also made a large fortune in Johannes bills mines has just put £100 000 into the Mozambique Company, and the kitty r, writers holds concessions from the Portuguese Government over practically the whole Mozambique territory south of the Zambesi, is about to develop the country in earnest There is said to be any amount of ivory and Indiarubber in the coast region and, its the company will be able to employ what is virtually slave labour, under the Portuguese concessions they may make some money there. 