He mercantile Bant To the Editor of Table Talh. Sib,-—The evening Herald, which claims to possess a circulation in Melbourne, has set itself up as a comic paper, and will have its little jote. During the past couple of months I have been the subject upon which its brilliant staff have expended their surplus wit, and I feel deeply sensible of the high honour the Rev. Mr. Fitchett confers upon me when he permits me such a prominent place in the columns of his paper. Probably I am not so grateful for his favours as the alleged clerical head of the " independent" journal would have me be, but inasmuch as one good turn 'deserves another, and there iare two sides to every question, the persons concerned will not blame me when I give the other side of the joke. I am sure the conductors of the Herald will be pleased and grateful for proving them such funny customers. On Saturday last the leading columns of that journal were used to convey directly and by inference an attack which was as devoid of truth as it was discreditable to the clique or gang responsible for it. In fancy I hear the rev. gentleman and his saintly staff of comic writers bowing low down to recite the old proverb : "He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, even they both are abomination to the Lord"— and then they all gathered together to see how perfectly they could bear witness falsely to suit their own ends and directly contradict the creed they preach so loudly from the housetops. It is but just to me that I should be permitted to show what is the real reason why the virtuous Herald should, /possess such a burning desire to keep me in the back ground, and to prevent the disclosures which they fear I can make of their friends and relatives and owners. The fates and fortunes of their paper are so closely linked with the Mercantile Bank that they have good cause to fear disclosures—good cause to draw a herring across the track of investigation. In ' this matter of the financial scandals I have endeavoured to leave personalities alone, but I must protect myself against the ill conditioned slanders of Sir Matthew Henry Davies' puppets, and before I go any further I am ready to proclaim that the history of the gang controlling the Herald is as dark and disgraceful as anything connected. with the bogus institutions. This has been forced upon me by their own action. The Daily Telegraph newspaper whs purchased by a so-called "religious pai'ty" in 1883, and a company was the result. M. H. Davies, chairman of many of the broken institutions, owned 6000 out of the 20,000 £1 shares paid up to 14s., and doubtless acquired the languishing property with an eye to future protection. Later on the gentlemen whose names have been heard of pretty considerably lately were joined by the Rev. W. II. Fitchett, superintendent of a ladies' college; and G. S. Davies, a bank manager. The Daily Telegraph, from all accounts, had a wretched and weary existence, but so long as the boom continued so long were the Davies and their allies willing to. throw in other people's cash, the staff understanding all the while that it was these personages who were to be regarded as the little tin gods. When the Davies combination got into difficulties so did the paper they ran. They began to borrow on their premises and made a first attack upon the Melbourne Savings Bank, which was generously relieved by these joking saints of -640,000. That was soon swallowed up in liabilities, and then the Freehold Investment Bank was appealed to. Is there necessity to say that the directors were one and the same with the newspaper, and that .£12,000 was granted on a second mortgage. You see these people were progressing fairly well. Even this,could not satisfy the capacious maws of these gentlemen, and they ran up an overdraft| with one of the banks until it reaohed £28,000, and this bank took whatever was ileft. on the building. Fancy a newspaper already lowing .£52,000 on a building n an out of the way situation obtaining an overdraft of £28,000, I have often wondered whether ihe fact of the general [manager of that particular bank being a large borrower from institutions belonging to the Davies combination hadanythingto do with this extraordinary lenienoy. Finally, when the Daily Telegraph was on its last legs, anextraordinary scheme was put forward, by which three out of the |flve daily papers ■ wore to be nobbled on behalf of Sir Matthew 'Davies. The Herald was purohasod from the then owners, Messrs. S. V. Winter and Company (as straight a business crowd who ever walked), and the first aot iii the plot was completed. Of course it was not to be expected that cash would be paid out. of the pockets of these adventurers. No 1 they had financial institutions at' their backs, happy to support them and their papers, so thoy took bills to the Mercantile Bank. By "they" I mean the Davies portion of the proprietorship, for the list of shareholders shows James Bell, Hoodie the Davies and Fitoliotts and the MoKinleys very' strongly. A deposit had to be paid to Mr. S. V. Winter and his partners, .aol MoKinley generously I did the Mercantile the honour of giving them a fow bills. , Tho whole business is so rich that one cannot let it pass. Tho first bill was discounted for the City Newspaper Company and the Daily Telegraph Company for J. McKinley and was for .£1836 7s. 6d.i due May 17, 1891. The next was for J. McKinley from the two companies for <£743 14s. 9d., due June 20 1891, and there was another bill under similai1 conditions for .£831 lis. 9., due August 17, 1891. On February 2, 1892, which is the last reference to the bills I found in investigating the affairs of the Mercantile ;Bank, they were all in the. past due bills. Each of them had been dishonoured in turn, but then they were practically the bills' of the directors (barring Muntz). By these, bills of McKinley's the deposit was obtained, and then it came to a question of the payment of the full amount of the purchase money. City Newspaper Company bills were discounted ad lib., and the most generous terms were allowed them. Deposit receipts in the Mercantile were given instead of cash, and Mr. S. V. Winter and his partners have had the mortification of seeing the bank break and the prospect of their getting much more than 5s. in the £ vanish. Ever since these bills were given the Herald has been used to flatter the vanities of all who could exercise any influence in preventing cash having to be paid for the bills, Exceptionally easy terms were granted to themselves by the directors of the Mercantile, for the bills were spread over three years, being for <£6381, due November 17 1892 j £6478, due November 17, 1892; and £6731, due November 17, 1894. Having secured both papers -without actually paying a cent. for. them, an effort was made to nobble the Evening Standard on the same terms, and the three papers were to become one. A new company was to be formed to tala over the three papers, and a great monopoly was to be worked. It was a huge conspiracy to silence the demand for their prosecution, which they were aware would follow as sure as night follows day. The proposed amalgamation luckily did not come off, and immediately this was discovered the Daily Telegraph stopped with liabilities amounting to some £100,000, about £15,000 to £20,000 being due to paper manufacturers and others. The position of the Daily Telegraph was kept secret in the scheme for amalgamation, and for the valueless, miserable concern 30,000 paid up shares in the propbsed new company were to be given for the goodwill alone. Then again the draft agreement for the amalgama tion contained a-clause by which 5,000 paid up shares were to be given to a Mr. Chipman for his efforts in bringing the scheme to a head. It is probably only a coincidence that this gentleman is a creditor of the old Daily Telegraph for £3,500, with no prospect of getting his money. In other words, the goodwill of a dead concern was to be purchased at a cost of (at least) 35,000 fully paid up shares. It was a very moral attempt truly; and worthy of the meek ana humble people responsible for it. Then again it is very strange to find one of the banks accepting another 28,000 paid up shares in the new company for the debt due by the Daily Telegraph, making the payment for this gloriously brilliant publication 63,000 fully paid up shares. The remainder of their creditors were got rid of for a few shillings in the £. The Daily Telegraph dead and past resuscitation, the scheming crew laid their heads together to secure the Herald and Weekly Times without paying for them, and this is the way they went about it. They formed a oompany called the Yiotorian Newspaper Company, and took over the Herald assets, leaving the liabilities to take care of themselves. These liabilities inoluded.about £24,000 due to the Mercantile Bank, for whioh the bills I have already mentioned were given. The City Newspaper Company does not now own any paper, its name is valueless, but for all that is the full security the Mercantile Bank holds. I have already pointed out that the apparent consideration for the leniency shown by the Mercantile management to themselves in another form resulted in M'Kinley's bill being passed over as if large sums of money had never been paid for them. Then again, Mr. Editor, the first bill of the oompany for the £6,000 odd fell due on Thursday, November 17, and the liquidators of the Mercantile saw an opportunity to reward their faithful slaves. In season! ana out of season the Herald violently supported whatever was proposed by their friends, with the result that the hill due on Thursday was not paid, and there Ib hot the • ghost of a chance of it or the others falling due years hence being met even by a fashionable composition. The liquidators having so faithfully conserved the interests of the creditors must feel gratified at the article whioh appeared in the Herald the day following that upon which the bill fell due and was dishonoured. It would not be in human nature for the Herald not to attack me, for investigation by me means absolute ruin to .the remaining Bhred of oharaoter whioh some of the people may possess. The Rev. Mr. Fitohett's friends dare not meet the result of full enquiry, and, therefore, use their paper with all the force possible. However, I am content to know that the public Bee through the efforts of the charlatan's, that the public despise the instigators of the personal attacks upon myself, and that the publio are fully aware that none are more blamebic for the successful frauds whioh hnve been perpetrated upon depositors, than those in whose interests the Herald is run. I am thankful to the Rev. Mr. Fitohett and Mr. McKinley for the kindly interest they take in my welfare and proceedings, and I trust that by this time they are able to fully appreciate the other side of the joke, 1 am glad the •Herald again attaokod mo, for it has permitted me to throw aomo little light upon the reasons whioh aotuato that journal in strainintr to swallow what wywi' cm'ouiens to expoBo itself. -I fim yours. &o;„ "Wjhiam Simpson, 