Letty's Love Storv. ojiaiteil xv (continued); . .. ' ' That would uo impossible, soomg that I. don't know it myself,' Lettico : responded, drily. Thou sho snnlc wonvily down on tho couch, resting For throbbing brow on bor hands, and trying to think out this now and strango dovelopmout of hor life. fearkor ovidoutly thought it a good , opportunity for making his osoapo ; so nftor offering to send up a tray of re freshments — which was deelinod — ho withdraw from tho room, slipping a bolt.on tho outside of tho door so as to soeuro it. Lottico's first notion, aftor. ho loft hor, was to spring up nwl rnako a thorough examination of hor prison. The Bittiug-roont eommuiiiontod with anothor and similar apartment fur nished as a hodroom, and tho windows of both wore harrod across with strong rods of paintod iron. Thoro wns 110 ogross from tho bodroom save through tho sitting-room, and, as wo know, tho socond door of tho lattor gavo access IU tuu lUUUlllg. Lottico tried it,, hut finding it would not yiold, contented horsolf with look ing it from tho iusido. 1 At lonst,' sho Biiid, ' I'll soonromy- solf from intrusion, Mr. Barker may ho right in saying no harm is intended : . mo, but his conduct up to tho prosont ; hasn't boon snob as to inspire ono. with confulcnco.' . Tlion sho sat down again and tried to think qniolly and onlinly ovor tlio : v ' ovonts of tlio day and thoir probable result. Who was the sondor of that r- . inlso telogram, and how enmo it that, sho found lioro Huhort Ellosmoro's ' housokoepor from t.lio Qrango? - It wns vory puzzling, and tho girl grow almost maaaonoa as, sno wont v round and round tho circlo of possibili ties without finding any solution of tho mystery. , She felt liko a poor bird " ; boating its wings agninst tho- bars of a cago from which osoape was im possible And yot,' sho musod at last, ' this . may lend mo to Marein nftor , all. ' Supposo it should bo her husband who for somo reason or other wished mo to lonvo Aldhnm Mount!' ? Then sho stopped, unnhlo to carry , hor idea any further, whilo sho .called \- to mind that .night soon after lior , arrival nt Tho Mount whon sho had soon Marina on tho torrnco and vainly . tried' to follow hor. After that sho liad naturally supposed hor sister, to ho somewhoro in tlio neighbourhood, : uud 'hnd waited and wntohod in tlio : v hopo of making soma further discov- ' ' ory. " But tho hopo hnd boon in vain. Though sho olosoly questioned both Sir Wilfred and Hubert himself cori- : oorniug tho occupants of tho houses in . , ( . tho immediate vicinity of tho Mount, ' she hnd learned nothing that was in . tho slightest dogreo suggostivo of Maroia; and if hor senses hiul boon loss. 'acuta sho would almost havo fancied thoy hnd doooivod hor and sho had boon tho viotim of a delusion. Novortholoss it was qnito possiblo that hor sistor and hor husbnnd know : of hor prosoneo in Sir Wilfred Aid- ham's family, as it was pretty sure hor appronching mnrringo with Hubert would bo talked of and rando tho subject of considerable gossip; -. But why, if this woro tho enso, should f thoy onshroud thomsolvos in suoli socrocv ? v It was usoloss to try and imagine; ' . although hoforo sho caino to this con clusion poor Letty's brain throbbed as . if heavy hammers were boating it, " and hor whole being was in such a stato of norvous tonsion that it was with difficulty sho contrivod to rotniu hor solf-possossion. At length sho got up again, and aftor onco moro oxaminiug the doors and windows to make sure thoro wns no possibility of being disturbed, sho throw horsolf, dressed as she was, on ' tho bod, dotoiminod to try and got somo sleep so as to be prepared for . any omergonoy that might aviso on tho- morrow. : . For sho know how muoh might do- pond on hor own norvo ami coolness, and that slio must koep all hor forces ready bracod. Bosidos, sho was . physically worn out; tho long jour- . , noy, tho oxcitomont, and tlio varied emotions of tho ovoning had literally exhausted hor, and beforo long sho forgot them all in the doop slumber of youth and fatiguo. Moanwhilo, downstairs, Mr. Jamos Barker wns doiug ample justico to the cold viands, whilo Hubert's former . housokoopw ..watched him from the .othor sido of tbo table, too wiso to ply hiiii with questions until his appotito should. bo satisfied. At- length lie pushod away his plate, took a moorschnum pipo from his pookot, and having filled and lightod it,' stood in front of tho ompty firo- plnco and puffed away for a fow minutas in thoughtful silonco. ' Quoor kottlo of fish, isn't it?' ho said, prosontly, with a grin. ' I'vo soon a good many rum goos in my life, but.nono much rummer than this, oh, mother !' 'Yell ranv well sav that' she' rn- joihod, emphatically; 'you might havo knocked mo down with a foathor wlion I seo who it was you .was a-briiiging in. ' And sho know inb in aminutotoo!' . . . ' By jovo ! sho's a ciito ono !' ox- claijnod tho son, with a sudden burst of admiration. 'You should havo soon hor qniotly talcing stock of mo upstairs just as if sho woro my. lord on tho bench and I a prisoner at tho bar!', . Tho woman snortod angrily. 'Yes, she's got lino haughty ways with hor, I know. I took a disliko to her; tho very first timo I over soo hor, whon sho and Sir Wilfred Aldhnm camo into Tho Grange. I wishod 'om both at tho bottom of tho son, I did,! Thiro, I hnd counted on having #1 nr. n nL,!. n , /. -« ' nil I. n -u -» nl f u. iiiuu ijuiuu iivjuxi uii tu mjouiij and 110 soonor had I got tho coast oloar than thoy turnod up ! I lot 'om 8oo;thoy wasn't woloomo ; and thon, if you plonso, iny lady tho govornoss must go and oxplniu to Mr. Hubert about my " unoivility," and a protty tnlking to ho gnvo moinconsequonoo.' Tlio good lady wns wrong. It was Sir Wilfrod who had mentioned tho liousekoapor'e conduct, not Lottiaa. ' Howovor,' sho added, viciously, ' I'll talco it out of hor now or I'll know tho reason why !' Mr. Barkor romovod tho pipo from his mouth, carofully rammed down tho tobacco with a mysterious-looking in strument that ho fished out of his pookot, thon nddrossod his inothor with muoh doliboration aud impress ively pointed fin gov. 'You'll just do nothing of tho sort,: if you know whon you'ro woll off. Tho ordors nro sho is to ho woll troated, and it's my place to soo that thoso ordors nro carried out. I shall mnko a protty littlo penny out of this transaction, and I'm not going to have ovory thing spoilod for tho Balco of gratifying a private bit of spito on your part. Bosidos, you'vo got your Btrikos mo vory forcibly thoy'ro about as much a3 you enn nianago !' , Tho woman muttered somothing angrily below hor hroath, but without venturing on any further romou- strauco busied horsolf in oloaring nway tho romains of tho supper. OnAPl'EU XVI. Whon Lottico oponod her eyes tho noxt morning .tho sun was pouring a goldon flood of radianco into hor room, and for a fow seconds sho gazed around hor in bowildorniont, unable to rbmombor how sho camo amongst such unfamiliar surroundings. Thon recollection flashed across her, nnu, springing out 01 oou, sno punca up tho blind, so ns to got a bottor idon of tho situation of tho house than tho dnrknoss had rondorod possiblo the proviou8 ovoning. 'i'roes — trees — trees. Sho Boomed iu tho midst of a porfeot forest, for the garden was shut in on all sidos by tall chestnuts and hooches, whoso groon houghs swnyod softly to aud fro abovo tho high briolc walls, with their spilcod tops. Theso walls woro thom solvos very pretty, tho red brick of which tlioy wore built heiug mollowed by timo into a wondorfully rich doop colour, while tho mftny orncks and crovicos woro filled up with dainty forus and the clinging blossoms of the shining-loavod toad flax. All was very silent; evontho hum of tho groat oity that had accompanied Lett' so far on hor wny tho night bo- foro wns-novv lost in tho. distnnco, and thoro wore 110 sounds to toll of othor habitations near at baud. Tlio yputig girl retired from tho window and procoodod to make , hor toilot;:glad that sho had providod hor solf with oven tho few article's sho' had ; been ahlo, to swoop into hor bag be foro lodving' Tho ' Mount yesterday morning. - . Yostorday morning! . Had oniy twenty-four hours ronlly olapsod sinco sho and Lady Alibia woro sitting togothev on tho siinny lawn, watching tho .peacocks strutting nlong in their jowollod plumngo on the torraco above? Why, it soomod wooicb ago ! When sho had rofrosbod horsolf with a good wash, had brushed out and coiled up again tho long wavos of hor boautiful hair, and oxehangod hor travel-stninod collar and miffs for cloan ones, sho went into tho sitting- room, whore someone wns knocking impatiently at tlio door. It proved to ho. Mrs. Barkor, who had brought breakfast up 011 a tray, which 6ho proceeded to sullonly do- posit on tho contra table. ' Is thoro anything else you want?' sho asked, unwillingly, stnnding with hor hnmls on hor hips, and gazing nt tho young girl from bonoath hor scowling brows with an oxpvession tho vory rovorso of friendly. ' Nothing, thank you,' Lottico courteously responded ; ' unless you will kindly toll mo ' Tho woman intorruptod hor uncoro- 1 mouiously. ' I will toll you nothing at all — it is not my business to. I shall soo that you got your moals rog'lnr, and thoro I shall stop. So you may sparo your quostions onco and for all.' Saying which sho retired, having made it dear to Lottico that it was useless to oxpect help from that quartor. ' Sho has a privnto spito against mo for somo reason or other,' our horoino said to liorsolf ; and thou sho snt down to hor broaklnst— which consisted of coffod, now-laid oggs, and broilod ham. Evidontly thoro: was no inten tion to stint hor so far as material comforts woro concerned. At about olovon o'clock Mr. Barkor himBolf mado his appouranco, bring ing with him a load of books and mngnzinos, and intimating to tho girl that sho was free to go out in the grounds until ono o'olook. Needless to say sho at onco availed horsolf of tho pormissioh, dotormining to mako an offort to oscapo if tho slightest possibility of doing so pro- armfnrl if.Rnlf. Of this, howovor, thoro was appar ently 110 chanco. Tho grounds woro protty oxtonsivo, but thoy woro shut in all round by the high wall that has boon already montionod; and moro than this, Lottico wns uncomfortably aware that Mr. Barkor, without thrusting his prosoneo upon hor, yot contrivod to koop her protty well in viow during tho wliolo of tho morn ing. Onco ho approached hor, and en tered into conversation. Protty1 grounds, nron't thoy ? ' he said, with oasy familiarity. ' Pity thoy havo hoou so muoh nogleatod — ovory thing runs to rnolc and ruin directly if it isn't lookod nftor. Tho truth is tho place hns boon unin habited for a good many yonrs, _ in UUnuiHjuuuuu, x uunuvu, ut, duiuu story of its being hauntod. You don't boliovo in ghosts, I hopo ? ' No.' ' Of courso not. It's only idiots who nro superstitious ; but it's wonderful how many idiots thoro are in tho world !' Mr. Barkor shook his hoad sadly, ns if tho contemplation of this orodulity on the part of his follow creatures painod him. After a minuto, ho added, — 'I think tho story of the ghosts began in tho fact of a mad woman having livod hero. It is" said hor husband's cruelty drovo hor insane; and thon ho would not lot hor be put into a lunatic asylum, but had this wall built so that sho could not oscapo. For thirty yonrs sho livod here, and thon ono night, in a pnroxysm of mad ness, sho broke away from her keeper, and strangled her husband as ho lay nsloop in his hod, Served him right, didn't it?' Lottico shuddered without replying. It was a gruosomo Btory, and sho half wishod she had not hoard it. 6 'Thoro,' continued Mr. Barkor, pointing up to a window barred across until I'nnn kntia nirati tliirtlrftH tlinn tllrtQA in tho rooms that hnd boon givon to Lotty horsolf, ' that was hor sitting- room, and it was there sho died, rav ing out hor fiorco joy that sho had re venged horsolf on hor husband. Kathor a horrible ending, wasn't it ? ' Ho sauntered off without waiting to listen to hor reply, and Lottico seated herself on a rustic ohnir, which was in tho last stnge of dooropitudo, and threatened ovory moment to collapso undor hor weight. Vory slowly that first day passed,, and whon night camo and sho retired to bod, sho was too restless and ill nt onso to sleep, and she no longer folt tho physical fatiguo wliioh had wooed siuinoor so Buccessiuuy luu mgut uu- foro. Thore was a largo oak-cased grand father's olock in tho hall bolow and it struolc tho hours with a sharp motallio clang thiit carried tho sound all ovor the house. Lettico heard twelve Btrolces shrilled forth, and thon after a long interval as it seomod a single ouo vibrated on the night air. Beforo tho echo of it had died away a terrible scream rang out— loud, shrill, and piercing — n sovoam so full of despair that it might have boon uttered by a lost soul in tho extremity of torment. -Lottico sprang up in bed, cold drops of foar stnrting to her brow. Sho was not a norvous girl, hut there was something so blood-curdling in tho sound that sho may ho excused tho momentary terror that ovorwholmod her. ' "With bated breath sho listened to hear if tho. shrieks wove repeated ; but, no ! tho midnight silonco was un disturbed, and though buo strained her oars not tho faintest murmur broke upon thorn. She thought of the story Barker had told hor in tho morning of the wretched woman whom oruolty hnd robbed of hor reason, brooding ovor bor wrongs until bor poor cloudod brain suggost-ed a torribla vongoanoe. Was it possiblo that her spirit could indeed return to tho scono of hor earthly pilgrimago ? No, Lottico said to liorsolf vory deeidodly. Honvon wns too merciful to pormit suoli a thing. Tho scream proeoedod from a human boing liko herself, a woman. But what woman wns tbnvA in tbo liouso oxcont Ml'S. Barker ? Sho pnssod the rest of the night in a stato of sleepless apprehension. It was no use disguising the fact from horsolf — sho wns thoroughly fright ened and unnerved ; and as soou ns tho first streaks of daylight gilded tho oast sho got up and dressed herself, waiting witli what patience sho might possess until Mrs. Barkor appeared with hor breakfast. It struck hor tho woman lookod worriod and ill at onso. Cortniuly sho wns palor than sho had boon the pre vious day, and hor oyos woro heavy ns if with want, of sloep. Sho put tlio tray down and was 011 the point of departure whon Lottioo said, — ' Wait a minuto, I want to ask you somothing about what happeuod laBt night.' ("To he continued, J Paper that is absolutely wator-proof lias just been invented by a Parisian chemist. Patiouco strongthons tho spirit, swootons tho tempor, stifles agony, extinguishes envy, subduos priilo ; it bridles tbo tongue, restrains the hand, and tramplos upon temptations, 