BUSK NOTB8 ON THE KOAD. I Bv a Tbamp.1 The pleasant little town of Nanaugo is ahout 1500 feet above tbe level of the eea, aod situated about 66 miles from K II- kivan, 60 from Joudaryan (on tbe western line), and 56 from Esk ; the latter is tbe terminus of the railway from Brisbane. Naoaneo consists of notablv two stores. two public bouses, a blacksmith's shop, btilcber, and a sadler. Tbe court- bouse aod lands' office are combined, and in clone proximity are the polloe quarters, telegraph, and post office. There are a few scattered buildings besides, wbicb mark tbe progress of time by tbeir dilapi dated appearance. The Salvation Army bave a barracks here, and tbey muster in great force. As everywhere else I have beard the band is a good nne. There are several captain lasses wltb tbe army wbo look very captivating; I am there fore not eurprised et the strengtb of tbe Army. About seven miles from Nan ango there is a regular Salvatfoo Army settlement, consisting, I am told, of about 30 homesteads ; they work all day ~..H (. [TB|U|„|Bh ,11 In th. ana. .inn On ??I1U J1»II0IU|»U ; iu luc «vn..uK. vru Suoday afternoons at Nanaugo tbey assemble on a large reserve near tbe town — not at the street corners, as lo Mary borough ; tbey have a greater regard (or those wbo wish tn quietly meditate upon a Sunday afternoon on tbelr sIbb during tbe past. Sunday observance bere of the sale of intoxicating liquor is very strictly carried nut. A mouse on tiptoe In tbe bar would bring tbe eagle eye nf a police man to bear upon tbe key-hole of a public bouse door. All along the road from Kllklvau lo Nauango tbe country is lightly timbered, well grassed, well watered, aud eplendld soil for wheat aud almost any other pro duce tn perfection. Tbere is very llltle settlement, but large tracts of freehold. Around Nanaugo large quantities of land bave been taken up in fauns of 160 acres each, and is fairly settled upon, aud a good business seems tn be done with tbn local storekeepers. Tbis country, al though well adapted lor agricultural pur poses, does not, io au all-round manner, compare witb the Degllbo and other lands In the Maryborough district. Tbe settlers in this part are severely baa dl 'spped for a market, owing to the distance and freight tbey contend wltb. Maryborough, with its rlob lands and eaBy access to all mar kets, aided by Its two energetic mem bers of Parliament, ought to bold premier position or equal to any town* In tbe colony. Advertise your lands, and give every facility to those In searob of tbem, and you will speedily bave factories and industries of all sorts sprluglug up about you. You bavo tbe advantage over most towns ; If one market does not suit you, ynu can try another. Ou tbe road I picked up a Courier, dated July Uth, and under tbe beading Missing Friends,' I find Ibat Augustus Cieiar left England In 1851-8. In 1869 be was In Victoria. His brother Julius en quires. This muit be tbe veritable I 'Comm's Ghost.' I thought I saw blm on tbe road to Jnndaryan about 12 o'clock last nigbt, Just after (tie mo -n had -lsen, If that Is any consolation. I sni not aware of any other spirits on the r ad. The weather,ls very cold and miserable, and If It oontinues you may hear ftom me npon a kindred autjeot before loog. 