THE DENDAS ' ELECTION- MR. THOMSON AT THE TOWN HALL. By far the largest crowd that has assembled to hear the candidates during the present election for Dundas, was that which listened to Mr. Thomson in the Hamilton Town Hall last evening, and accorded him a most cordial re- ception. Mr. W. Thomson occupied the chair, and having announced the object for which they had assembled, asked for a patient hearing, after which the candidate would be willing to answer any questions. Mr. Thomson delivered substantially the same speech as at H0chkirch, with several addenda to each subject, whilst his remarks on the labour question and the shearing were altogether additional. Referring to Mr. Officers retirement, the speaker said that he did not think Mr. Officer was quite right in giving a private individual the first hint of his retirement. To a certain extent he had broken faith with the electors. They treated him well, and he ought to have at least shown that he did not wish to favour one or the other, but he let all know at the same time. (Cheers.) He (the speaker) promised Mr. Bree his support, as against Mr. Skene, if he came forward. After that he (Mr. Thomson) was asked, several times, to come forward, and he did not care if someone else did, but at last when Mr. Reay was about to start through the district, a number of the electors said — " Now, if you intend to come out come, for Reay has, and it is very injurious to a man running in our interests to be behind." Thereupon he arrived at the conclusion that no other local man was going to take the field, and said he would annouuee himself. Then he had only been in the field a week or so when Mr. Bree arrived on tbe scene. He did not for a moment mean to say that Mr. Bree had not a perfect right to appear in the contest also ; but when he entered upon the contest he had no idea that he would have to oppose another local man on tbe same side, and he would be glad if his supporters would allow him to withdraw in favour of Mr. Bree, but he would not withdraw iu favour of a Melbourne candidate. (Cheers.) He had not a word to say against one of the men in the field, personally, but he felt that the country had been too long represented by Melbourne. (Cheers.) . We were told that in Melbourne they had to fight the Trades Hall, whilst in the country they had not only to fight Melbourne but perhaps tbe Trades Hall as well. Referring to the Homestead League question he expressed the opinion that 10 acres of land meant starvation, and by some scheme of payments extended over a large number of years the people could be settled on the land. Referring to the advantages of a local man, he impressed upon his bearers that they could see him always, whilst a Melbourne man would not know half the electors nor their wants. His re- marks, as at Hochkirch, on all men being equal in a spiritual sense only, created roars of laughter. Coming to the subject of railway construction, the speaker said he did not think that the Railway Construction Committee was going to be a success. Half the number would have done. From the very first Hamilton seemed to have blundered over railway con struction. A grand chance to get the-Mount Gambier people to come out on the Victorian side had been lost through not following the Black line referred to by him at Hochkirch. As to tbe Horsham line, Hamilton had, he thought, been beat- ing about tbe bush. He referred to his having been one of the local delegates who went to Horsham some time ago with regard to the matter. His own private opinion was that when we should get a railway to the Wimmera it would be from Noradjuha (Hear, hear.) That was the recommendation of the old stand- ing committe, and the present one would have to give good reasons for departing from it. We did not want one of those heavy lines at a big cost, to run to the Wimmera. A light line would do at one third of the cost of some of the lines. There was no reason why a railway could not be constructed here as cheaply as any where in the world, for the timber could be pro- cured along side of the route. The line would, no doubt, be a paying one. Referring to rail- way management, as at Hochkirch ; he added that although protection was the policy of the country, a man's brains and ability would not appear to be included, so the Government of the day sent home for a man to manage, and since he had been here he had been a complete failure. (Hear, hear.) At any rate he had not been a success. There might have been fault on both sides, but the Government should long ago have given the Commissioners full control and a fair show and then if they could not have made both ends met, they should have been dispensed with. (Cheers.) He referred to tbe Hamilton goods shed as in his previous night's speech, and added that the sleeping cars had not been constructed as cheaply as they could have been. Three might have been built for the money that two had cost us. Coming to the stock-tax. he said he found fault with the retiring member for not having supported the corn and stock- tax, considering that he was not working in tbe interests of the country. (Cheers.) At the same time he would on no account say any thing which would be counted disrespectful of Mr. Officer. He did not think there was a mm in the hall who conld, and he was not only a friend of his (the speaker's) but also a friend of his father's. (Hear, hear.) No doubt the laige laud-owners were very conservative and hid to feel the pinch before giving into protection;' bnt now it toached their pockets and that brought them round to swallow anything. (Linghter.) It was objected tbat if tbc extra tax was put oo the stock would come in all the same. Then there would he the extra amount of revenue. Bnt it would be sure to check the quantity of stock from both Queensland and New South Wales, and which amounted to 151,000 head of cattle and , two millions of sheep in the year- a very s-rious thing for the Victorian breeders. (Hear, heir.) Re favored an increase in the grain tax because at present oat did not pay to grow. Though in this district oats was the principal cereal crop, instead of three shillings they were only setting eighteen j«nce. the middleman pocketling theresti There should be pro virion made for the farmers to" store their grain, and if necessary get certain ad vances on it. (Cheers.) As on the previous evening he advocated an income tax. Mort gagees should not be allowed t» go scot free, and it would be a means of getting taxes ont ot the rich people in -Melbourne. (Cheers.) As to the closed roads, there were a number of roads which were formerly surveyed which woold never be the slightest use to the travelling .public He helievedhewas right in spying that tiii the past it pridthe shrvej.or better tojlrw : two lines than -ori so wheneverne bad. an Op portunity flrew two . Hoes/'".; ftnd". -t£aS made a' road. (Laughter.) He did not think that during the ten years he , had been In- the Shire Cooncil ahyxdad opening matter had been brought before the Council 'which had not been discussed on its merits and the road opened, and that. was how it ought to be. He was alwinhvout of leasing the jroaie for periods af 12 month, the iShire Council- tu have the control, and "to say. whether a road should be leased or hot. The revehue nf de rived might go into tbe funds of the Council for the locality in which such - roads were situate and be used Safceqiingtie roads npon'whicb there was traffic, in repair. (Loud cheers.) - . . the LABOUR QUESHOK. Hcsowiduneto'dhe labour quefltibn. which was one of the most difficult '>of "the wholelotto solve.; . No doubt a great number of people had been induced to go to Melbourne, -ana mo -provi sion had been made for them there. They had been attractedJhere, and tifam found that there was no work for them to .do. Some arrange ment gbnnld be made to give these men employ ment, and settled oh the lima, let them aig out theii own bread and batter. (Applause.) We "had had aereat deal of trouble on account of strikes. -which were the result «F se veral causes, and he believed in dispute being refeixed.to, -boards of conciliation. There-was no doubt that the strikes thejpast ihad a great effecMn banging abdufc$he> present Vlepression. 'rite the. swflvwbs- , 1 / ; He wonld not have "alluded to'this nu&ter;, but he bad been told -by -a gentleman that hej would hot have the ghost of a show becausehs was a 9s. a hundred man." .(Laughter and ; hear,' hear.) He. did riot mind that ao much, , because his informant was a squatter, but a minister had told him the same thing, only the minister otated lt ' was because ' betefth speaker) only paid 8s. a hundred. Bathe had never got' his work done at such prices, and they>reral>oth wrong, Vhven tiifrjhnaf, XLanghteri) 'is 4he£r were awarelmwas not -a member of the Pastondists' Uniozu, because. Ire did riot-believe in the wayStaras caniLiicted.' Thatiwas tire reason why he had nevier become aipember. (Applause:) Ho. maintained that that they could manage their own affairs at a much! less oost if the union to rnot connoeted with Melbourne and New: South Wales. The nSxaubstanees and class of men in these places were entirely differreit to the ognftty. HewpnldiuaR-tonfesty Bay the'same tiling to the drearers— that it was a-mistake for them to have goined: tte Trades- HalTandrNew South WgjLwiajj gnSbmfl ¥ 1 heykmriit,if thtyhad ftmatSL the CTniimforYiotoria -moafLhsivthaA %& J5s md aft hreread.' ' He was not saying Ayihiii %bouti. auronhunS he lrelie it as.p- tifingj but thoe were differint styles < raiW». He didjiot briieve imfliat riiriciihim aidudileaiis mendNas -towgb about' draggmg a ynan'. out of a 'place and destroying property, fin Ttcriud to this matter, griljhpngh die f»M InetfSnlunion >prie -raid: iwlieaier ho was Union or ncggPr fOT irac«roem»iia1(iis as ib was a fact' that a man to get a place in the shed had to apply, rix xaontha beforehand. (A Voice : Yon. bad/to ri;e 'your price.) Yes, he' had risen his price in the past, and he would do it again if necessary. (Applause and cheers.) His neighbours had to rise tiior prices con- riderably higher than, hinv to-15s. Tbej all knew pretty well that he had never treated any man unjustly as regarded his paymentB. SHE EDOOmON QUESHOV. Lastly, there was the Education question. He maintained that for twenty years we had been going on with an ungodly system of edu cation. No man could be a perfect man unless he was given religions instruction. His educa tion was not otherwise started on a right founda tion. (Cheers.) We sent missionaries to other lands to teach the heathen, there ihe fiist ; thing done was to impart religious instruction to the heathen, whilst at the same time it was withheld from our own children in our State schools, (Cheers.) The Catholics had a , grievance, and if their consciences would not1 permit them to let their children read the same Bible as the Protestants (and they had shown their sincerity in the matter by building schools of their own. and imparting religions instruction themselves, which was more than - the other religious bodies had done), he would say that the Catholic schools should receive payment by results. (Cheers.) He would introduce the reading of the Bible without comment and with a conscience clause, and the Protestants who were not satisfied with the plan could not be thorough Christians at heart. The speaker then farther dwelt upon the subject as at Hochkirch, and at the conclusion of his ad dress was greeted with loud and prolonged cheers and shouts of " encore. QUESTIONS. Mr. Holden : Are you in favor of immigra tion ? Mr. Thomson : Well, it depends on the kind — yes, if they bring capital with them. I am not in favor of pauper immigration. (Cheers.) Air. Holden : What is ' the principal want of the people of this colony at tbe present time ? Mr. Thomson : Well, I should say, money. (Laughter and cheers ) \- Mr. Holden : Is it not that the large areas of good - land require to : be broken up for the people ? \- Me. Thomson; Tea, it would be an improve ment, no doubt, -Mr. Holden : Wonld yon be in favour of an increased land-tax on the larger areas of land? . Mr. Thomson ; No I would -not. Mr. Ahearn : Are you in favor of museums and artgalleries being opened on Sundays ? Mr. Thomson : I am not. An elector at the back of the ball asked if Mr. Thomson intended to retire if asked to do bo by the Peace, Progress and Prosperity party ? Air. Thomson (very emphatically) : I do not. Mr; Ahearn:: You eald just now that yon were in favor of retrenchment. Then would you be in favor .of beginning with doing away with the payment of members ? Mr.' Thomson : I woold not. Mr. Lonegan : How do yon reconcile your low prioe of shearing with your faJlf of niamfau'nin the wages for employes in the civil service ? Mr. Thomson required the question repeated, and a man shouted from the back that tbe ques tion was a conundrum, which produced loud laughter. At length Mr. Thomson replied he had not lowered his prices for shearing. Mr. Looigan : You said yoQ would not rise the urice unless you were compelled to. Mr. Thomson : No, neither would L Mr. Lonigan : Then you would ba much more benevolent with other people's money than with your own ? (Laugh'er.) A voice : What's your opinion on poisoned jam ? (Laughter.) Mr. Lonigan : Would you favour us with some statistics in regard to tire alleged im morality through the present system of godless education ? Mr. Thomson : I have got no statistics with me. . - Mr. Lonigan : Why buret up the Education Act? Mr. Thomson : I don't go in for bursting up the Education Ant I go in, in my opinion for making it a better Act than -Over it was before. (Cheers, and "Sit down" so Afr Lonigan.) Mr. Coulter : If we wrap the honours of Dundas around yon, wonld you vote for tbe use of the Scripture text-book in the State schools, the same as in New £outh Wales ? Mr. Thomson replied that he believed in re- ligions instruction in State schools. A Voice: Are yon in favour of poisoned jam ? (Laughter.) Mr. Lonigan (who rose again amid much laughter) : Will you tell us bow you are going to treat the mortgagees who got perhaps £30,600 on mortgages, in reference to the dual vote ques tion? Mr. Thomson presumed they would only be entitled to one vote. The mortgage would have the second vote for the property. A voice at the back of tire hall : Arc you in favonr of womanhood suffrage ? Mr. Thomson : I am not. A Voice Go in Woodford, give it to us. Mr. Holden (who rose again amid more laughter) : Which of the Bibles do you advocate the use of?. Air. Thomson : The Protestant Bible. A Voic- : The sweaters' Bible. (Laughter.) Mr. J. P. L»rmonti : Are you in favour of continuing the volunteer vote ? Mr. Thomson : I don't know much sbont it. I think it should be continued. The volunteers do a lot of good, and might be needed. It is a question that I am not very derided upon, I tell you candidly. A man at tbc back.: Would you be in favour of a t «x on sheepskins exported ont of the country? Mr. Thomson : I would not. Dr. Bennett : What new taxation would you impose, supposing .additional taxation was in troduced ? Mr. Thomson : I would be in favour of. taxing a 1 luxuries first. (Cheers.) Dr. Bennett :Do you think the taxation of beer a fair tax ? Mr. Thomson : If it comes to require ad ditional taxes, I think a tax on beer would be a fair tax. I don't thinkit would burt the pub licans or the public. I got the authority of one of the largest brewers in Melbourne to.say that if beer really was taxed, and he expected it would be, the brewers would be the sufferers. Mr. Abearn : Are you in favour of legislation in regard to the regulation of doctors' fees ? (Laughter.) Mr. Thomson i Well," that might be a good thing. (Laughter.) Mr. Aneaxri i And also compelling them' to supply yon with a bill of particulars. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Thomson : I don't know. . (A "Voice : " Put him out," and more laughter.) Blr. O'Halloran : If the teachers m the State schools 'were infidels, how could they ,gxve re ligious instruction? . Mr. Thomson X don't think that any atheist should be allowed to instruct onr children.' '(Cheers.) Mr. OHalloran : Then a good : many of them are atheists at present. Mr. M'Donafd : Are yoii in favour of religions examination of State schoolteachers ? Mr. Thomson ; I would have no objection to it " - - . Mtf ' Atfpftrn ' "arit'dff Itfie kandiflate where be would stop with the payment by results system. Would he pay Wedeynhs, Presbyterians anfl to on by results if they built their own schools. ' Mr. Thomson : No, I .would cot, for by only reading the Bible without comment there could be no consctenrious grievance' to the State bohools. The only bodies that have are the Cafcholies and Jews. Mr.tAbcani; Then von would give payment by results to the Jews ? Mr. Thomson : Ibave.no objection. Mr. Philip : Then you would give a vote to the Catholics for religious instruction ? Mr. Thomson: N<\ payment by results. : Mr. Philip : Well, payment by results — it's the Mime thing. llr. ThomsonrI donH think .so. - > 'Mr. Philip: Tt must, amount to the same . Mr; Thomson: In youropinlcn, but it doesn't io mine. (Laughter and cheers.) , Mr. O'EfcUorane: Wtral&yda; ? be Jh favour vf dismissing all the atheistic teacher io the State schools? ... ,!«'' x , .) f Mr. Thomson : Most decidedly and ' at once, whether they wifl. have to" impt religioUB in struction t>r neb 1 / ' te " ' 3 \ < te > ' : J 5' - J - 1 ' OHalloran s.Then there: will. have tpbe- a wholerele clear out-.fLaihiier,) ; : ir -? M.: Lbmgen': . je-you Jxifavor, :th cof jubtfary legislation . ibflictin >persecutipii on a jrifgsjof people? ... V - i .te: .v Mr.Thomson : No. te T .. ' -iV w, .,'A.vriee's Oh, " you?? era forher, Lonigan. ttudlroterandchirers,4uidc3ls for Holden.) .Mr. Holden (who was with much linchter) : Axe you in favour of the law bring aolaltltojtetiketUnfl'Bloue; anfliibttirelmi.' proved property upon it, and dividing the land: into first and second, thirll .and fourth class streets? Mr. Thomson# |,dfs,t,pk|t wpfild. workable. ' Mr. Ahearn .Wopld yoube in favour ofal-. lowing any sect, religious or otherwise, to moke themselves a public nuisance by tniTrJijng about the slroM fcLmron , public 'rscautjon nAt'.1 tbe bajfbuffoneagrratamowitDfood. , (Apr Mr. ionghnane /\Sbonia a ptfeof horaeo down the ntraet while liar Mr. Robertson : Might I inquire why ? 1 . Mr- TiJomsop : .Because the clnbs are.oot von fiffi'iame-fMfiiig <« asbliobomes."' Mr. t Robectson : f I .did not refer to public booses only, r ' li.4. >' . ' Mr. Thomson.: JWell, .the clnbs are not open to the public, only to the members. (Some confusion took place at this pomL and &vmce; iuq ired: ""What abont thremnny beers V 'Lend laughter followed the s4llyjaud it was intensified when a thin, small voice in the back asked, ' Are you in favour of giving tbe unemployed a half -holiday ou Saturdays?" .Mr.X £ug:J wish to know if r you are sRuding'-to'lini ported ' beer or i colonial beer, rc taxation ? Mr. Thomson : I don't think it would be fair to leave the imported beer out. : d A voire: Platform, Tommy. (Loud laugh ter.) Mr. O'Hslloran ? Would jon make it com pulsory for a Roman Catholic teacher to impart religious instruction ? " Mr.' Thomson : No, I would not. ' 1 There were no more questions asked, and Mr. Thomson addressed a few words to theaudience in conclusion. He had not intended to speak, until after Mr. Sbieis bad delivered ' his Ministerial address, but had derided to do so cu the lumour being circulated tbat he was going to retire. He had been told that the Conservative party wanted to choose a man, and he did not desire to place shy obstacles in their , way. He did not suppose that they would select him. as he had not been an ardent supporter of Mr. Officer, but he hoped that whoever was chosen or whoever was re turned, he would work for the good of tbe colony iu general and the district in particular. He expressed a hope that the election woold be conducted in an amioable way, and that no matter who was, -returned, . the constituency woald'awist the successful man in the discbarge of his duties. He concluded '-by " proposing a vote of to tbe chairman, Which was carried by acclamation and the meeting closed. 