— THE TRUTH ABOUT WOMEN. XVOH THB WAGGA Hummer: We 4o not know what Troth is. We, owtelves, as Olive Bhrainer «o ?weekly fteaohes an 'the Story of an AEriaao SShbo.' shall never see it to know it. But jmtriift mine, we know that Troth is, and *e taow of it also that Truth is One. By aao&BC;,4h&tall; truths are knit and inter frnft. fawwfl iht in one oomplete whole, which is UwiUHal Truth and in which thoro is ?ofeftMUfenote that jars. Wekoowthifl Smwuw 1» 48 impoBsible to ooapewre «rf ?WtHnnintir truths, beoause every iueluwt Of M» team, every fibre of «V fane* IHM sjimlininnt of our exirNuM, {VOtDPtB aadimpels and teaches us «u r*j«ot met) « sq«wfe»PftDd to compare a«4 fgtfeue ana-examine until we can strip tneial {mms Jrom antagonising appearanoos.and ~Mtt £n4 B»e oommon truth which aQex fSffpy faacJiBs '? ever fa' underneatti. llMpe reasoning, not onlj of the jfflifTTf arjart but as far as it/joesofth© tmMmfaea, » based upon ttttunffljrof XJiam , ft is a very necessity & our gSjEZJfr1. without it the universe is chaos fowebonfora^ed. . We may deny lbs nnto of God, or deny God altogether-as »p«ft*fcijik-4m» Truth must be, and Tr«th * *. * ff}gft has this to do with the Labour ?BOTttniBtttAndthe women question? Just this: Progress, which is the search after Truth, is One also. There is another banting question in our inidst faevue the industrial question. If everything which occurs everything which threatens to occur, throws the Labour movement into greater prominence, none the less surely does the woman question hug about its skirts and keep steadfastly at its heels. II is absurd for us to ignore any question, because all questions affect one another and so all questions affect the labour movement. It is specially absurd for us to ignore the woman question, which in itself is sufficient to decide the fate of peoples and the future of great states. ? W _ __, How does the woman question specially affect the Labour question? In this way, it seems to me : If mothers were not slaves children would be born free, whereas now most of us are born tired and are only fit to work at wages for squatters and to submit like lambs when governments bully. The' influence of a degraded sex, of a sex denied by law and custom equal oppor tunity with men, of a sex accustomed to secure its objects by wheedling and per sistent cunning, of a sex accustomed to sell its sexuality, as Judas Iscariot sold Christ only asking, at the most, that the sale take place before a priest, of a sex that is driven throughout every class, rich and poor alike to outrage the laws of its being and to live an unnatural life under an unnatural conventionalism, cannot be very good, We hear it said that if women had votes they would vote with the conserva- tives of Society. Seeing that we have united for centuries to damn women I don't think that this can- be wondered at The only thing to be wondered at is that any woman—or man either, for that matter— has any spirit or courage left to question anything. * * # There was a saying once—it is heard less, frequently of late, I fancy— that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing. So it is— for those who were imposing on our ignor ance. — Why shouldn't we have a little knowledge till we can get more? Why should we not, for example, examine for ourselves the influences which have brought Woman to the place she now holds? Is it always necessary that we should take our thoughts from pseudo-scientists and our doctrines from ignorant priests. We have done that long enough, and see where they have landed us. _-.'- # * * The influences which go to make up the modern Woman are various; the Greek woman, the Christian woman, the Gothic woman, even the Jew woman— all con tributed in the wonderful pot-boiling of thought-movements to mould the' woman of to-day. * * * The final place of the Greek woman, the Greek ideal, was to please the herma phrodite taste of the great artist- people. In the flowering of Greek art the faoes of man and woman are closely akin, the female breast is small, the whole effect of the feminine form is of delicacy rather than of vigour. The Greek women bound their bosoms flat lest they should offend tho taste of a Society which saw the' climax of womanly beauty in the childless bride. The Greek woman was a slave, an intolerable slave, whose ministration to man's sensual fancy was softened by few gleams of higher and better things. Even the desire for children did not herald in her the dawning of a better day. All the glory of Greek art, of Greek thought, of Greek courage, of Greek liberty, because as the blaze of a sky lighting comet that flashed for a moment over a world of barren and desolate woman hood. And in the decline of the Græco- Roman empire the very name of sex, the very thought of sexuality, was defamed by the riotous Bacchanalia that shook a dying civilisation in which the mere form-beauty idea had become soulless indeed. To this comes Paul, half Jew, half Gentile, all his Semitic instincts, his Jewish Puritanism, outraged bf the breastless courtesan-wife of the Greek, the shameless Messalina of the Romans. Woman is cast down from the shameful pedestal whereon Greek art had placed her naked to please the public eye and soothe the public brain. She is treated as a vile beast, whose own fault it was she had been shamed and sinned against. The sex becomes a dishonour, a mark of divine displeasure^ Maternity itself is denounced because of the sexual act, without which even St. Pauls cannot be brought into the world. And we see this fanatical condemnation of the Greek woman reaching its apotheosis in the idea of the divine paternity of Jesus Christ. That-the kiss of human love had sanctified the conceiving of the carpenter of Nazareth was not to be tolerated. Woman is crushed down to the nethermost hell of ascetic con demnation when the power of the Holy Ghost overshadows her and ' sinless ' the Christ is born. * * * This is why the Jew was not Christian ised ; because Paul supplanted Christ and invented Christianity. The Jew woman was, at least, honoured as the mother, trusted as a sister in the persecuted Faith. The Jew stoned the adultress ; he did not set her in the seat of honour, as the Greek did, and lay the philosophy of the past in her lap. To him, God had grown into a sublime conception of Eternal Truth and Justice, which the genius of Ghriat clothed in the garb of the All- Father ; the Jew had no gods who played Lothario with womankind in the form of bulls, or swans, or showers of golden tain, or ghosts. It was with him a religious duty that women should bear children: the barren woman had no part in his idealism, the life-long virgin no place in his conception of human life. The tenderness of Jesus reached the Jew, but the fierce anti-Greek Greekism— to coin a word— of Paul repelled and shocked him. And so, somehow, between the lot of them, we missed in Christianity the sister-woman whose hand the gentle carpenter took, and whose children he blessed, and whose sorrows he shared, and whose marriage feast he joyed at and with whom he talked ever in perfect equality, the Jewish respect tempered by the Christ, love. We got instead a sort of clip-winged devil, whose sex was a temptation and a snare and whose devilry was only subdued by our trampling on her as a regular thing. And there is a lot of this lingering still even amongst us North Europe peoples, while as far the Latin countries it is the dominant note of their feeling about women to this very day. That we are not quite so bad is due to the shadow which the Gothic woman throws upon the vague surface of the magic- lantern of the Past. » * # Of this Gothic woman there is a tale told that looms in Gothic story as the Pyramids loom on the sands of Egypt. When they first entered Roman Europe from the North, the Goths were migrating with their cattle and their families, looking for land. The Romans, overthrowing the first swarms, sold the captured women to slavery and degradation; after that the women in these migrating hordes used to stab themselves when, tiher husbands were vanquished. The Gothic woman was large and strong, broad of hip and vast of breast and shrill of voice, working side by side with the men, each sex doing its own par ticular work and both sexes overflowing with a passionate monogamy— that is, one husband-one wtfeandonewifeforalltbe time. In the whole myth of the Goths, in then- whole nature-religion, we see this equality of the sexes, this intense sexualism, this extraordinary emotionality. They were coarse, they were cruel, they were brutal, men and women alike ; but they were human brutes, who took life boldly and broadly and would have laughed at conventionalism such as we have. Com pare this Gothic woman— idolised by struggling woers in her youth, idolised by her chosen mate in her prime, idolised by love-born children in her old age, with the songs of her people exalting her and the religion of her people deifying her, and the thought of her as lover, wife and mother on every man's lips and in every man's heart, her sex held sacred, her femininity adored, her advice regarded, her wisdom sought after, her love the crown of living and her scorn the deadliest sorrow that could smite the stubborn Goth— with the woman of St. Paul, the Christian woman, conceived in sin and born accursed and to be avoided by those who would reach heaven, whose breasts were not a glory but a shame, and whose aim it was to subdue " the flesh and the devil 'with fastings and prayers and scourings, with whom barrenness was the only good and marriage itself a tampering with the powers of darkness and a dan gerous unlocking of the gates of sin ! Com pare these two women for a minute ! Is not the Gothic woman the true womanly woman ? It is not from her type that free men will be born and great nations spring. Yet even as the Christian woman comes from the wedding of Jewish fanaticism, with Greek meretriciousness, so the modern woman comes from the wedding of Gothic strength with Christian weakness. The priest had persuaded us that sexualism is evil and that asceticism is the only good. This has been hanging round our necks for centuries and, being Goths, we have been perpetually rebelling against being bur dened for the offending of the Greeks with which we had nothing whatever to do. # * it We English-speaking people are mostly Goth and naturally retain to this day a tre mendous percentage of our Gothic charac teristics. Indeed, the Gothic woman may fairly be said to be our ideal of woman the moment we can forget the unfortunate in fluences which surround us. Yet the per sistent theological indoctrination of the wickedness of sexuality, of the inferiority of women, of the necessity for keeping our daughters and wives, even our sisters and mothers, under our thumbs, for fear lest the wickedness inherent in 'their sex should bubble up and scald us has had a tremen dous effect upon our thoughts and habits. Most of all, I am of opinion, it has influ enced women themselves. * * * Surely there can be nothing more serious than to feel that a natural instinct instead of being good is altogether bad and is to be fought against as a natural sin rather than followed, as a certain guide. If we were taint of original sin,— what would be the result? It has been thrust upon us for nearly a thousand years, seriously for nearly five hundred, that sexuality is sinful and unwomanly and ungodly. Although accepting it ; surely it is as plain as the nose on the face that such teaching must induce looseness of living just as to con demn persistently love of truth must lead to lying? ?^ * # *, .. Space forbids a prolonging of this most tremendous of all the social questions When we see the world full of unmarried men and women ; when we see Labour content to be robbed not only of its food, but of its home, its sex, its humanity ; when we see the average mar riage made for money and not for love, when we know that society reeks with immorality and that men are being born without enough courage to strike a blow for undoubted rights and women without enough passion to cut their throats rather than sell themselves, we must realise, I think, that something is wrong with our race; And one of the things that is wrong is the position of women, with the popular conception of woman by man and of woman by herself. * * # What to do : you see that is harder. It is easier to know a disease exists than to cure it, and -I know of- no cure except to preach always, at all times, in all seasons, the Truth as it seemed to our Gothic fore fathers and as it has come down to us in the folk- lore that ignores all change of creed. Which is that woman is not devilish but divine, that love is not a vice but a virtue and that the passion of oneman one-woman is the secret of the eternal race-life ; that we have a right to love and live which no Society can rightfully take from us; that every Jack should have his Jill and should many her and should shake his fist at the Future and ignore all the muddy slimy thoughts in which our race is choking; that God made the earth fruitful and gave men strong arms and women full breasts, and that it is a fitting thing to fill the world with children and to feed them and to care for them, even if to do it we have to lose our lives in striking down the robber caste that takes the children's bread; that the priest-marriage alone is not marriage and that the loveless wife is a harlot and that morality is the same for men as for women and that Death is better than shame. And this is the Truth, and we know it, for it echoes in all our hearts as the sob of sorrow echoes in the empty rooms of the house of Want. We know we should be better men if each one loved a brave woman and had bonnie children to nerve his -arm to shake this competitive civilisation to pieces so that they might live free. And we know that women would be better if we could only destroy the submissiveness that makes them mostly as tortured oxen straining at the chain, with no dream of resistance, with no relief but lukewarm tears and empty meaningless words, if for love they would only risk all always and would regard marriage, without love, by ten archbishops and four cardinals and eight magistrates as an unpardonable sin. - * * ? # But we are cold and flabby in our emo tions. The Christian woman has slain the Gothic woman, and it seems sometimes that the most we can do is to sit in sadness by the grave of our race-mother, yearning for the day when,by Deaths portals, she will gather her children into her passionate arms. For reform industry as we may but unless the race-blood is warm the race is dying out. John Miller 