CHAPTER XV.-(Continued.) The passionate youth bent his haggard face upon the shoulder of Monck, who, surprised, confused, and scarcely at ease, had received this outburst of adulation in embarrassed silence. But peroeiving that Minor's agitation was pain- fully intense, his dark face softened instantly, and he placed him back in his rough couch with a gentle force. " Don't talk nonsense, boy," he said lightly ;. " there's a great difference in resolving to do a kind thing and doing it. I only resolved, and haven't done it. Be quiet, Minor ; you're not fit to argue. This cursed hole is making a ghost of you, I'll have have out of tbis by all the turnkeys in England"-he flung a defiant glance at the grating from which the turnkey's face had long since disappeared, however-" I'll have you out of this in three days !" Minor shook his head sadly. " Don't set your heart on that, old fellow," said he j it's not so easy to break prison as it seems to be in novels. I say, Windsor, do answer this question : What lady was it who gave you tbe paper to read ?" Monck vuddenly grew cold and gloomy, but after a brief struggle with himself he answerd, with forced cordiality . " Her name waa Miss Pall-Lovina Pall." "Ah !" cried Minor, in mueh excitement, "you were at Bonaccorde then, and you have seen my dear betrothed ! And good heavens ! she road my accusation ! But you bore the blame for me ; I see it all, Windsor ; you can't deceive me ; you would not let my Lovina think me a murderer. How shall I ever pay you for your generous intentions ?" "What balderdash!" snapped Monck, impati ently ; " you make me downright angry." " Yes, yon do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame," quoted Minor, with shining eyes. " And so you have seen Lovina !" he breathed. " Well, Windsor, what do you think of her ?" Monck's heavy brows came down over his deep Bet eyes in an ominous frown, which he tried to conceal by averting his face from Minor. The movement alarmed the sensitive^youtb, who suddenly grew pale and disappointed, saying, sor- rowfully : " Dear Windsor you are afraid to tell me what you think. I pray you don't undervalue Miss Pall bo much, when you were ready to think you had been misjudging a stranger." Monck, biting his lips, answered briefly : " I do not wish to undervalue her. If she proves her devotion to you, I will receive her, tor your sake. as my sister." If Minor had understood the nature of this promise better, he would not have lowered his eyes with such a wounded expression. If he had known the spitefulness, the heattless ness, the malice which that woman had shown Windsor Monck, knowing him to be the generous brother of her betrothed, he would have thanked him, with admiration ever-inoreaBing, for his truly noble silence on her petty faults, and for his magnanimous promise to treat her as a Bister. But Minor had not yet fathomed the deep fountain of this man's benevolence. And it was a life of Btrangeand gloomy incidents which had cleft that ever- springing fountain in the heart of Windsor Monck. He had borne deep affliction ; but perhaps he owned, in the recesses of a somewhat stoical soul, that God, and not man, had apportioned him his hard lot. Thus it was that the hero had been formed. When Windsor was in his fifteenth year, his father, a colonel in the army, was sent out with a company to the scene of the war which had broken out in Syria. Colonel Monck chose to take his son Windsor along with him, despite his extreme youth ; anxious, no doubt, that he should eee the world, and early prove himself a Monck of bravery. The experiment, however, proved most disastrous, For the colonel fell in the bombardment of Beyrout, and the lad was severely wounded 5 and, worst of all, both Colonel Monck and his son were reported dead. When young Windsor recovered of his illness, he roved about with some officers of the English army through Italy and France, and did not return to England until two years had passed away. When he did return to his widowed mother, he found that she had turned all her affection into a new channel. A child, boro shortly after the death of her husband, now received all the passionate love whieh ßhe had once lavished upon her husband and son: he was the child of her grief, the one consolation left her-without which, her heart would have broken. .. It was but natural that she should cherish the infant with no common tender- ness. In mournful memory of the son whom she supposed dead, Mrs. Monck had named this som also, Windsor. Thus it happened that when her eldest Windsor came homo, a handsome, gallant boy of seventeen, he found himself supplanted in fortune and name by an infant two years old. I Minor has already briefly sketched the admirable unselfishness of his brother, in cheerfully accept- ing a secondary place when he Baw how madly the foolish mother loved îhor youngest-born ; the brave heart with which he gave up his lather's wealth, and sought a living for himself. * While he had been engaged in his brief war-life he had been playfully dubbed " Major Monck," in bantering allusion to his youth, and when he went to college the cognomen still stuck to him, especi- ally when it became known that he had a brother bearing his name Windsor. Then, when the younger Windsor went to college, he was called " Minor," which name we have used for the sole purpose of avoiding a confusion between the two meo. Major went through hia college course with great honor, and was just about to continue his studies with a view of becoming a barrister, when a most unfortunate thing occurred. Mrs. Monck met a young lady of rank and beauty, who took no pains to conceal the fact that she was ready at a moment's notice to throw her wealth at the splendid Windsor's feet, and herself into his arms. MrB. Monck, once impressed with this idea, be came'pursued by it. It became her ruling ambition to see her eldest son married to Lady Rowena Trevanion, and she spared no pains to urge it on him. Windsor yielded at last, but only when she used the argument that unless he married a fortune his young brother would be sure to insist on sharing his father's wealth with him whenever ho came of age. Windsor married the lady, and regretted it ever after. She was vain, imperious, and heartless, and led him a life of unmitigated wretchedness. Windsor Mcnck atlast betook himself to his favour- ite Italy, leaving her alone in her splendor, a prow ceediug which did not by any means blast the life of Lady Rqweoa Monck. She amused herself, after ' her cold and selfish fashion, with all the extrava- gant follies of a London life, caring little what became of the man whom she had compassed heaven and earth to marry. At length, in humouring one of her many caprices, Lady Rowena met her death. She choose to amuse herself with the science of chemistry, and making some slight mistake in one of her experi- ments, an explosion took place which killed the lady on the spot. This accident occured fow years ago, since which time Windsor had lived almost entirely abroad, only returning to England once or twice to see his brother. An irreconcilable estrangement had sprung up be- tween Windsor and Mrs. Monck, his mother, for he never ceased to blame her for the ill-advised inter- ference whijh had brought about his unhappy mar- riage, and forced him to spend the best part of his life in chains, which galled him far more than those of a convict. Monck had never visited his mother since his marriage, and the poor lady who loved him deeply, despite her foolish counsel, bore the misfortune in mournful silence, owning to herself thatBhe deservep it. This was the aspect of affairs when the fatal jest, which has been related, took place ; and the elder brother had the agony of seeing the boy whose youth he had so cherished overwhelmed with a misfortune at once unexpected and unde- served. But the true mettle was in Windsor Monck ; he was not one to sit down helplessly and moan. With a passionate affection, which transcended aught save that love which Jonathan had borne to David, he vowed to save his brother, or to die with him. 