OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (from^our own correspondent ) March 29th. I We havo for tbo presont roiapsed into a state of comparattvo quietness, duo to tho fact that tho display of tho political fireworks which wo woro expecting hasgono off; and thero ooly romains tho sizzling of the critics' spittal upon the sparks, and the fizzing of minor can didates as signs that tho illumination hns passed. Whether it is that a poetical premier lures us on to metaphor, or that the poetical party altogether is iu power, it is remarkable how many fiowors of language are employed | to adorn the oratory and literature of tho j paBaiug hour. Put iu plain English my open ing coruscations moan simply that tho Pre raior, the loador of the Opposition, and tbe representative of the shufflors, havo now spoken; criticism upon their utterancea spent itself in a day ; and political interest is t there- fore slightly sluggish. The latest contribution was that of Mr Gillies at ICew. It was lamo, and it is bard to see how it could havo been othorwiso. Otror the rubicund Duncan there always hangs tho shadow of the Boom, whose ghost will not be still though tho snob crowd shriek ?? Avaunt perturbed Bpifit J' with all its voice. It was Mr Gillies who had the power of opening tho safoty valves of tho ship of State, and so 'easing down 'a bit; but instead, to adopt the figurative language of au American writer, ' he planked a nigger on the safoty valvo and so the boiler bust.' The cherubic Gillios, however, will not admit this at all, but has the audacity to aver that his Government was deposed because it took steps to preserve tho peace during tho - strike. Of courso the statement is grossly absurd, The first cause ^ of tho Ministry's defoat waa the muddling which characterised its administration in its latter days. Such blunders as attempting to apply u military muzzle to tho^mouths of the masses wero but secondary causes. It is pretty probable that Mr Gillios will be shelved during the uext Parliament. At anyrato ho is not likoly to bo saccossful in a suburban constituency, for thero tho effocts of hia ruinous rulo aro actually felt. For a timo it was whisporod that if returned ho would be made Speaker, but the fact that Sir Matthow Divios has i rovoked his intontiou of not standing for the | next Parliament puts the idea on ono sido. ^ In tho mattor of tho Windsor tragedy pub | lie oxcitemout is also at u lull. Tho career of , tho suspect has now boon thoroughly sifted so far as it has boon possible, and tho develop ments still to como can only bo accomplished , by the process of timo, so that the pnblic muit perforce exercise patience. These are the settlement ono way or another of tho question whether tho Windsor murderor and *' Jack tho Ripper' aro identicil ; und the arriral of the criminal in Melbourne. Tho fact that thev prisoner was so far uuwvtched as to have an opportunity of taking off his moustacho with a piece of glas* hau brought his guardians' with in the rango of adrorso criticism. Certainly tbo iucident shows reprehensiblo carelessness, for hud the man boon so disposed ho might just as roadily havo oponod an arterv, as remove his hair. Wo cau be quite sure, 'how over, that tho prisoner's days of opportunities are now past. It is generally folt bore that tho third match between England and Australia, just concluded in Adolaido, was a fiasco, and is therofore outside eorious consideration. Tho woathor quito dostroyod the ovonness of con ditions undor which tho teams m.t before, and thorefore the match was no fair test. Takiug the wholo tour as a source from which to derive a verdict it can? I think, fairly bo con cluded that Eugland iu cricket is inferior to Australia, but superior to any section of it. The real tost would com«» if an Australian team now visitod England. Would it bo ablo to meet and beat any and all sections of Euglish cricketers ? ? 