CLEANSING THE SPORT. It is gratifying to find the rnling an- thorities of tbe various Bporte gatherings pursuing the coarse that has been so reneatedlv marked out by The Sports- man. That their bringing to book tn(we runners 'who attempt swindles must he advantageous to pedes trianism in par ticular, and athletics in general, no one can doubt. We have so often pointed out the damage that two men who are " in cronk " may do to, say, a Sheffield Handicap, that it is scarcely necessary to go over the old arguments. All interested Si the sport have but to ran over the details in their minds to recognise the injury to the sport itself and the injustice to tbe remainder of the runners that can be effected. J. H., who, on his correct performances, is entitled at the most to tho Cyds mark, manages, by withhold ing a portion of those performances, to obtain a 14yds start In each heat in which he runs those he meets have not a ghost of a chance, though, perhaps, had J. Q. been in fairly — if all engaged had been running on their merits — those behind him might have told a very dif ferent tale. And so, from bis opening heat to the decision of tbe final, J. H. succeeds in irremediably disarranging a handicap for which the large majority of the com petitors may haro not only fairly entered, but have undergone a careful, solid preparation for many woeks. And all this has been rendered of no avail by the one " cronk," who has spoiled the whole handicap. Can any punishment be too severe for this kind of thing ? We think not. That it is a fraud of the most harmful descrip tion all who are unprejudiced must admit, and worthy of all condemnation. It is reassuring, therefore, to know that the committees have now the power to inflict condign punishment without any trouble or delay. At one time this was not so. The difficulty and bother attached to the attempt to 6bcet home fraud to a runner wero previously so great that com- mittees declined to enter on a prosecution. Consequently crooked workers flourished exceedingly, and waxed fat. Nowadays it is different. If there is any suspicion attached to a runner he is at once required to make a statutory declaration that he is what he represents himself to he. This ofctimes briogs him to a halt. With the remembrance that a false declaration renders him liable to tbe severe pains and penalties attached to wilful and corrupt perjury, he will naturally hesitate before committing on act that will be sure to consign him to prison. It is true that here and there men will be rash enough to take tho risk for tbe 6ake of a few pounds, but their number is suialh This, therefore, furnishes the sports committees with the strongest possible reason for continuing their present vigorous course. Allow no runner to whom the slightest suspicion attaches to go unchallenged. Call on liim to mako a statutory declaration that he is in all right, and punish any wilfulness in that direction with the utmost rigor of the law. No better examples in this direction could be followed than those of the com mittees of the Bendigo Easter Fair and the B&irnsdale; Eight Hours Sports. Their prompt action prevented two well-known runners who had sent in incorrect per formances from competing, and helping to spoil tho handicap, while two others, the first and second men, have had inquiries made into their bouafidcs with the result that the winner has been, dis qualified in two instances, and the race in one case ruu over again, thus doing justice to the men unfairly put out in their heats by tho " cronks." Just here it will be as well to point out that, while the "cronk" competitors should be summarily brought to book, it will be as well for tbe committees to take every prior precaution. It' is well that evil-doers should be punished, but, unfortunately, this ofttirue6 docs not place the straight men in any better position. They have been run out, and the subse quent proceedings can have little value to them beyond tbe unpayable one of revenge. Ii will be for the handicapper to strain every nerve to put each man on his proper mark. That ofiicial cannot he expected to be omniscient, but he should be in a position to judge pretty well of c-acli competitor's capabilities apart from the list of performances sent in. More than once the suggestion has been made that all the principal clubs should be furnished with the portraits of the placed men in all big events. This idea has been expanded into the proposal that tbe winner of more than one heat at any such meeting should also be photographed. As the expense would not he great, the sporting authorities might give the sug gestion some consideration. The next matter to which we have to refer is much more grave. In more than one instance lately the serious charge has been made that someone connected with the sports has had a man " rang in" — in other words, that some one competitor has been unduly favored in the st art 6 as compared with the others. Of this we know nothing beyond the statements made, and we merely allude to this impression among tbe runners to 6how how careful all those connected with sport should be to place themselves beyond the veriest breath of suspicion. To return to the " crook." We would again point out that iu the statutory declarations tbe committees of sports have an easy means of checking impostors. At the same time care sbould be taken that the form sbould be properly filled in, and that the declaration should be made before a J. P. Printed forms, with the proper jurat — which is important — can be had from any law stationer, and secre taries to sports would do well to have & few of these forms on hand in case of need. The race meeting which was held on Saturday last at Caulfield received some very fair patronage, amongst those present being the Governor and Lady Hopctoun, who be trayed a great amount of interest in the races, as they constantly paraded the bird cage and held friehdly chats with owners and trainers. The opening event, the Two-year- old Handicap, saw Palo Alto at the head of quotations, and he justified the position by ! winning in a canter, the only other backed. The Lieutenant, baring his chance spoilt by being left at the post. Enight of the Garter and notliing else would go down with backers for the Hurdle Bace, and he 6imply romped home, Filgate having got the erratic brown very well. Jack was a very strong fancy for the Glenhuntly Handicap, but he was never prominent, and the race was confined to the well-laid Albina and the outsider Lapstone, who had a 71b penalty ; the latter did the hooks a good turn, notwithstanding all the efforts of Gordon Trainor on Albina. Only four started for the Steeplechase, and only one finished, this being Osric. who w&s; brought out in capital condition by Jim Scobie, and the pace her made brought down all tbe other three, much to the joy of the followers of the Miners' Rest stable. Nell Cook was made very warm goods for the Selling Race, and she won in a canter, being sold to Mr. L T. Carslake for £120, all of which went to tbe club. Elworthy was made a sir/.ng pot for the WcKor Handicap, although Gladstone at first opened favorite; but although he finished second he was never really in the hunt, as he was kept behind urnil the straight was reached, when it was too late to overtake tbe North-Eastern horse, Mallyan, whose running was certainly not consistent with his Mentone performances. On Saturday he won in a canter, and it is certain thai this soil of Mullyau and Appro- baiion's sister is a more than useful cus tomer. 