PSYCHICAL OR SUPERNATURAL PHENOMENA. And she said, An old man cometh up.— 1 Samuel xxvih. 14. Then said they, It is his angeL— Acts xii. 15. There are more things in heaven and earth. Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. —Hamlet The existence in all ages and amongst nearly all peoples of a belief in the mani festation of powers hitherto unexpkinable by natural laws may be fairly taken to be presumptive evidence that such powers have existed, and, indeed, to eliminate the influence of the supernatural in the past would necessitate the rewriting of the world's history. In spite of the, on the whole, antagonistic attitude of modern science and tho rapid advance of civiliza tion, there perhaps never was an age when the belief in the supernatural waa so universal and so firmly rooted. The early part of the century saw the old country in the throes of the Tractarian movement, the effects of which were by no means limited to the Anglican Church, but spread far and wide, and stirred to its depths the whole of the religious thought of the English-speaking people, and even now that we have before us the last words of the last contemporary — the late Dean Church — of those distinguished scholars and pietists who originated and developed this marvellous revival, we are still unable to fully sound its scope and bear ing, or estimate its far-reaching results. To posterity we bequeath it. The century, however, had scarcely begun to wane ere the tocsin of a more universal and popular revival began to sound. Not now in the green fields or on the lonely hillsides so dear to the gentle Nazarene, nor within the sacred precincts of University walls, but in the open wayside, in the crowded thoroughfare, amidst the jostles and jeers and missiles of the crowd, from stentorian lungs and hearts ablaze with earnest enthusiasm was shouted aloud, midst the 6hriek of trumpet and roar of drum, the divine message, *' Peace on earth and goodwill towards men.' Whatever may be our opinion as to ways and means, methods and systems, good has been done ; let us then say nothing, but rather sit silent and think, 'God moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform.' That revivals do harm as well as good will not, we think, be disputed by any thoughtful observer. There are persons in whom religious or indeed any strong excitement has a tendency to unhinge the mind, and it has been, we think, justly observed by Hepworth Dixon in " Spiritual Wives' that most of the sects holding 'peculiar' views, such as the Shakers, the Perfec tionists, and others, have sprung up in the wake of some great religious revival. This, however, is no argument against revivals, especially those conducted with discretion us well as zeal, but simply shows that the great enemy of mankind is just as anxious as ever to have his finger in every pie. One of the general effects of intense religious movements is to draw the attention of all men towards religious and psychical phenomena of all kinds, whether true or false, so that when the late Madam Blavatsky, the high priestess of theosophy, having got into bad odour in Madras, was invited by a few disciples to take refuge in England she could not have arrived at a more pro pitious moiiieut. She was soon surrounded with a devoted band of adherents, some of whom had tried materialism and found it wanting. Others again were gathered from that ancient and well known sect whose head-quarters appear to have been at Athens, and who, we are told, spent their time ' in nothing else but to tell or to hear some new thing.' Whatever may have been the motives which influenced many of them, there can, we think, be no reasonable doubt that a considerable residue was influenced by a sincere and commendable desire to give a more tangible expression to those vague longings and indefinite aspira aVf-Sa nftftr 8lWW^umorne« J?.?861.^ haunted the better part of mankind since the time when the morning stars sang together. In spite of ridicule and abuse the new religion — for such it may be called, as it pretends to supersede all others— progressed, well supported by numberless alleged miracles. Indeed, the high priestess, Madam B., according to Mr. A. P. Sinnett, one of the leading theosophists, lived in a constant atmo sphere of visible and invisible wonders, receiving continual instructions from the Mahatmas, who would sometimes con descend to precipitate a letter through the ceiling of her London drawing-room, and perform sundry other little marvels for the benefit of the elect. The Psychi cal Research Society, which was estab lished for the purpose of collecting evidence with regard to all alleged super natural and psychical phenomena, made a careful investigation into many of these marvels, and published a report, in which H. P. B. figured as a self -convicted fraud. Her disciples, however, were not con vinced, and the fame of herself and her miracles continued to increase, culminat ing when she settled in London and became the President of tho Blavatsky Theosophic Lodge. Whilst there she formed the centre of a band of enthusiasts, of some of whom it cannot bo snid that they lacked either in telligence or culture. Her influence over her disciples seems to have been supreme. They regarded her as the mouthpiece of the spiritual brotherhood known as tho Mahatmas, and on their instructions and commands thus received the theosophical scheme of philosophy or religion is entirely based. On a cursory view it appears to be a sort of cross between Christianity and Buddhism, with a dash of tho Pythagorean doctrine of the trans migration of souls resusicuted in a some what new form and thrown in by the way. To those of us who believe with Swedenborg that tho spiritual world is all around us, and can be seen atjjraro times when the spiritual eyes are opened, the establish ment of the Society for Psychical Re search, presided over by Professor Sid ritiick, of Cambridge, will be hailed with considerable satisfaction. It is high time that scientific methods of investigation should be applied to the whole range of sxtraordinary phenomena, both mental uid psychical or supernatural, which have hitherto been clouded in mystery, and by some have been swallowed with a hasty and foolish credulity, and by others have been ostentatiously rejected with an equally foolish and Bcornf ul smile. There is no smoke without a fire. The attitude of the superior person with regard to these matters is always amusing. His little egotistic, narrow, and commonplace world has never been disturbed by any bhing unusual. To him good tidings mean an extra £5 note. His gospel is the gospel of bread and bulter. The poetry, philosophy, and religion of pasi ages is to him so much nonsense or childish folly. He has never gazed into the vast illimi table abysses of time and space. Eternity to' him 18 but a name. He cannot shy with the poet — Deep into the darkness peering, Long I stood there wondering, fearing, Doubting; dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before. Speak not to him of the mysteries of life and death, nor of the great unseen uni verse around us. Speak rather with the mole about the stars. To the sceptical and superficial materialist the establish ment of the Society above named may appear as a simple pandering to supersti tion, but by the earnest and thoughtful sceptic or divine it will be perceived tbat it is fraught with great issues both to science and religion, for if one genuine apparition of a deceased person can be proved by reliable and corroborated evi dence, the vanguard of scepticism will be stormed and the bulwarks of Chris tianity strengthened. Sorely this is an object worth working for ; on the other hand, if every story on careful in vestigation proves to be doubtful, unreliable, or false we are still no worse off than we were before. But apart from these more serious issues there are many interesting phenomena the Society will be able to record, and in time to report upon, such as the question of personality. Is the Ego one or several ? Is thought transference without contact a fact? Is clairvoyance beyond a doubt? If so is it a natural faculty latent in all, and which can be developed, and if so how ? On the other hand is it merely an abnormal condition resulting from disease of all or some of the mental or spiritual faculties. If so does it cease on the patient regaining sound health of body and mind ? Can it be exercised at will, or is it, so to speak, automatic 1 Pre monitions, prophetic dreams, warnings, phantasms or doubles of the living, thought, or astral bodies, all these and many alleged phenomena will give the Society a very wide, and we trust not unfruitful, field of investigation. We will now quote a few remarkable cases extracted from the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews. Speaking of pre monitions and second sight, p. 42, Mr. Stead relates three remarkable cases which he has himself experienced, all of which he spoke of freely at the time, and could not account for by natural causes, and all of which subsequently came true. He says, 'On New Year's Day, 1880, it waa forcibly impressed on my mind that I was to leave Darlington in the course of that year. I remember on January 1 meeting a journalistic confrere on my way from Darlington Station to tho Northern Echo Office. After wishing him a happy New Year' I said, ' This is the last New Year's Day I shall ever spend in Darlington, I shall leave the Northern Echo this year.' My friend looked at me in some amazement, and said, '? And where are you going to 1' ' To London,' I replied, 'because it is the only place which could tempt me from my present position, which is very comfortable, and where I have perfect freedom to say my say.' 'But,' said my friend, somewhat dubiously, 'What paper are you going to 1' ' I have no idea in the world,' I said, ' neither do I know a single London paper which would offer me a position on their staff of any kind, let alone one in which I would have any liberty of utterance. I see no prospect of any opening any where. But I know for certain that before the year is out I shall be on the staff of a London paper.' After some further details ho proceeds— ' Mid summer had hardly passed before Mr. Thompson come down to Darlington and offered me the assistant editorship of the Pall Mall Gazette. As a result I left the Northern Echo in September, 1880, and my presentiment was fulfilled. At the time it was first impressed upon my mind no living being probably antici pated the possibility of such a change occurring in the Pall Mall Gazette as would render it possible for me to become assistant editor, so that the presentiment could in no way have been due to any possible calculation of chances on my part.' 'The second presentiment was also connected with the Pall Mall Gazette, and was equally clear and without suggestion from outward circum stances.' In October, 1883, ho was spending a holiday in tho Isle of Wight, and one day, walking round St. Catherine Point in the drizzling rain with his wife, it occurred. He says — 'Just as we were at about the ugliest part of our climb I felt distinctly as it were a voice within myself saying — 'You will have to look sharp and make ready, because by a certain date (which as near as I can recollect was March 1G of next year) you will have sole charge of the Pall Mall Gazette.' ' . . . As soon as I arrived at the Pall Mall Gazette Office I announced to Mr. Thompson, to Mr. Morley, and to Mr. Milner, who was then on the staff, exactly what had happened, ready to take sole charge of the Pall Mall Gazette by March 16 next. They shrugged their shoulders, and Mr. Morley scouted the idea. I remarked to Mr. Milner at the time that the worst of people having premonitions is that they carefully hide up their prophecies until after the event, and then no one believed them. ' It is now October. I have told everybody whom it concerns to know. If ifc happens not to come to pass I will never have faith in my premonitions again, and you may chaff me as much as you please as to the superstition. But if it turns up trumps then please remember that I have played doubles or quits and won. On February 24, 1884, Mr. John Morley, at that time Editor of the Pall Mall Gazette, was elected to Parliament as Liberal can date for Newcastle-on-Tyne in lieu of Mr. Ashton Dilke. When he was elected tho control of ihe paper passed almost entirely into my hands at once.' So the presentiment was fulfilled. The third instance was a premonition which came to him during the Armstrong trial that he would be imprisoned for a term of two months. He says: — 'I was told by those who considered themselves in a position to speak with authority that I ivas perfectly safe, and that I should not jo imprisoned. I always replied thafc I should go to gaol, and that my sentence vould bo two months.' After some urthcr remarks he continues : — ' My ictual sojourn in gaol was two months ind seven days. These three presenti ments were quite unmistakable, and were lot in the least to be confounded with tbe irdinary uneasy forebodhigj which come ind go like clouds in a summer sky.' Let ub next quote an instance of the appearance of the thought body, or phantasm of the living, premising that tho Psychical Research Society have about 100 recorded instances of appari ions of this kind. Folio 27 — ' Mr. B. is a member of the London Stock Ex change, and is well known to many inti mate friends of mine (Mr. Stead's) as a man of high character. Tho narrative, which is verified by tho Psychical Re search Society, places beyond doubt the existence of powers in certain individuals which open up an almost illimitable field of mystery and speculation. Mr. B.'s story in brief in this: — 'One Sunday might in November, 1881, 1 was in Kildare gardens, when I willed very strongly that would visit in spirit two lady friends, the Misses V,, who were living three miles off, in Hogarth-road. I willed what I should do this at 1 o'clock in the morning, and having willed it I went to sleep. Next Thurs day, when I first met my friends, the elder lady told me sl'O woke up and saw my apparition advancing to her bedside, She screamed and woke her sister, who aIso saw me.' (A signed statement by both sisters accompanies this narra tive. They fix the time at 1 o'clock, and say that Mr. B. were evening dress.)' With regard to wraiths Lord Brougham's testimony in folio 59 is worth quoting, He says :— ' After I left the High School went with G., my most intimate friend, to attend classes at the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently n our walks discussed many grave sub ccrs ; amongst others, the immortality f the soul and a future state. This iUestion and the possibility of the dead ppearing to the living were subjects of such speculation, and we actually ommitted the folly of drawing up an greement, written with our blood, to the Sect that whichever of us died the first hould appear to the other, and thus solve ny doubis we had entertained of the life after death.' After we had finished -ur classes at the College G. went out o India, having got an appointment there q the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to ne, and after a few years I had nearly brgotten his existence. . . . (hie lay I had taken a warm bath, and whilst ring ia it and enjoying the contort of the heat I turned my head round looking towards the chair on which I had de posited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G., looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of G. had disappeared. Thia vision had produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it or to speak about it even to Stewart, but the impression it made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history, with the date, December 19, 1799, and all the particu lars, as they are now fresh before me. ... I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bargain we had made. I could not discharge from my mind the impression that G. must have died, and that his appearance to me was to be received by me as a proof of a future state. . . . Soon after my return to Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G.'s death, and stating that he died on December 19.' This story is taken from the first volume of 'Lord Brougham's Memoirs.' We conclude with what is certainly one of the best ghost stories wo have ever heard of. It is related by Mr. Stcd (folio 87) as follows :— 'During my Scottish visit I had the honour of being entertained at a dinner given at tho City Liberal Club by my helpers in Glasgow. There were fourteen of us altogether, Professor Lindsay being in the chair. After dinner I turned the conversations upon the subject of apparitions, and remarked that I did not think a dozen persons ever met without one of their number having seen a ghost. 'Now, who is there V I asked, ' who has seen a ghest here ?' Sitting opposite me at the table was Mr. David Dick, auctioneer, of 98, Sauchiehall-street, a young married man, about thirty-five, a member of the Glasgow Buskin Society, and one of the earliest members of our Association of Helpers. He said — ' I do not believe in ghosts, but I have seen one.' . . . ' Was it the ghost of a living or a dead person V ' A ghost of a dead person.' 'How long had it been dead?' 'Six years.' ' Where did you see it V ' In Glasgow.' ' In the day or night 1' 'At half-past 3 in the afternoon, in broad daylight.' ' But tell us how ifc occurred.' ' I had left the office in Sauchiehall-street at half-past 3 in the afternoon. I was going on an errand to St. Vincent-street, and had my mind full of my business. I went along Sauchiehall-street and entered Renfield-street, where the ghost joined me.' ' You know it was a ghost?' 'Perfectly.' 'How did you know ib was a ghost ?' ' Because I recognised it at once.' ' Did it speak to you i' 'It did.' 'What did it say to you?' 'That I cannot tell you; it spoke of a matter which was only known to myself.' ' You answered 1' ' Yes, and continued to walk on, the ghost ac companying me exactly as if had been an ordinary person. We walked down Ren field-street together, talking. There was nothing in the appearance of the ghost to in» press any on^jpto met it that it was not a living man. It wore a black ccat and a flat felt hat, which I had only seen worn once in the lifetime of the deceased. Tho part of Renfield-street wo traversed together is about 250 yards long, and one of tho busiest streets in Glasgow. When I got to tho corner of Vincent-street the ghost vanished. I did not see it come and I did not see it go ; I only knew it was not there.' ' Were you not frightened V 'Not the least in the world.' 'Did you not ask it any questions?' 'No, none ; I simply carried on the conversation which it had begun.' ' Did not its sudden disappearance disturb you V 'Not at all; it joined mo without notice, and left me as simply. I did not »»'? J—--i — , -»? -:~rV was not there any longer.' .'And you knew u,A ghost?' 'Perfectly.' 'Who was ifc, may I ask ?' ?' It was the ghost of my father.' 'Were you thinking of your father?' 'Not at all.' 'And when he spoke to you were you nob sur prised?' 'Not; in the least.' 'Nor inquisitive?' 'No, it seemed so natural. I was chiefly think ing of the place I was going to. In fact, it was not until the next day that I began to realize how strange it was that I had been speaking familiarly to my father, six years after he had died, in a busy Glasgow street. But that ifc was so I have not the slightest doubb in the world. That I know. I have had no other ex perience of a Bimilar nature. As I said, 1 do not believe in ghosts ; all I know is tbat I did walk down Ren field-street with my father six years after his death.' In conclusion, we may add that the photo graphs of Mr. D.'ck and the portion of Renfield-street, Glasgow, in which the ghost appeared are both given. 