At Obristmas-time we realise more keenly- than at most others the curious opposition that bas grown up between what -are almost distinot septa in this colony — the-bld colonists and the tiew." To the old colonist the. term Christinas recalls a scene familiar ih hi? youth sucli as Dickens has described -when the Ghost- of Christmas Present leads old Scrooge into the streets, "where the people made a rough. but brisk and not unpleasant kiod of: music in scraping the snow from the pavement in front of their dwellings, and from - the tops of their houses, whence it was mad deligiit to the boy6 to see it come plumping down into the road below and splitting Into artificial snow-storms." And these ..delight by memory to recall the profusion, . the joviality, the general good-fellow ship aud good feeling which characterised the English Christmas, of which tbero is so little trace here, and the scene renews itself to vision of Scrooge's room on the eve of Christmas Day> of which the" magic painter telis us "the wall8 and ceilings were so hung with living green that it looked a perfect grove, from every part of which bright gleaming' berries glistened. The crisp leaves of holiy, mistletoo and ivy reflected back the light as if so 'many : little mirrors had been scattered thero, and such a mighty blaze went roaring up the chimney. Heaped upon the floor to form a kind of throne were turkeys; geese, game, poultry; brawn, great joints of meat, sucking pigs; 'long wreaths of saasages< mince pies, plum puddings, barrels of oysters' red hoc chestnuts, cherry cheeked apples, juicy oranges, luscious pears, immense twelfth cakes and seething bowls of punch that made the rpo'tii dun with their delicious steam." This, and much more, is what the Englishman under stands by the term Christmas good cheer; and even the poorest in the land partake at that season of a part of it.. In Australia the charac ter of the season does not permit of - mSny such indulgencies as these, and therefore we miss the associations which ' have made the English Christmas a supreme blessing to the people, and which caused so well- travelled, .a visitor as Washington Irving to open bis eyes in delighted wonder when He beheld it. , In Germany, too, ' the . ceremonies attaching to the Christmae iseason have always been much of' the doraeetio ; and social character which have, marked those of Englishmen. Of course, we are1 prepared for the patriotic cry which rises to the lips of our children—1 " Australia's better than Eng land," arid we reveretico 'So.wqIL the impulse that prompts, the i expression 'that we will -not seek' to controvert it; but confine ourselves to remark that whereas in England tho Christmas- tide is observed as inherently a great , annua) religious. festival so much so. as : not to be seen at.a place of worship: on Christmas morning- is accounted ; a sotflal etti ; hi ' Australia', the reour-. re'iice of th'e even? appears to be regaided as the coming up of a. lengthy and opportune holiday giving us time to brace ourselves up for - the jNew 'Year: (It is wMl-fhafc in aii ' exha'usHiig: pliniate where hd life mbs'f men have to overwork themselves there should be the recurrence: 'of' these spells from labour ; but. yet it seems' to us that ' onr ' keeping' of-1 OhristmaS 'at 'pifcbics ' by the seaside', ' ahd in manifold excurstpiie lacks the girace and pleasant- nojs of the oldor. days in. England i when the lord of the: maiiot . entbrtairied - 'the poorest at' his gate; and t'h'e spirit of th'e sdaion ch'uied thA general 'reedgnitiqiij of io eeseriltal . trbiherhodd and enthusiasm of humanity. In the days when England was truly -Merrie England, notably towards , the $osq, '61 the eixtebnth' ond,»)ie iriid and mid-portion of. the sevenieenlli ! centuries, thore whs, We think', a;iietler; ,un'dqrsla'ndih the. meaning .of the- eeason, a. jfallfr- and pro-( founder recognition, jof' ; the jact that innocent enjoyment: : was; permissible, .- mainly. / because lhe; . time was; the , great - ; celebration r<«f. ;an epoch Jn.i the religious life;, of/ the. (races-: pro. fessedly Christian than- at the present. But times change, . thoughts change, , and. the spirit" bf thfe' inteilect' ' is .mbdified' by the' death and creation, .of successive generationa. jWe . can .no.: more ;i hope/ -always : to .pre-' serve the samb .iddale, ' hold ea'orea '(the same fetish'e?, a'ct the same' parts -thkfc'our progenitors did than we can qxpectjthosd who come after ue to observe our methods, or be- animated by! our thoughts..-/ Etioh 'generation muat, like i the ephemeral insects, strive ,to do, tiie '.bestj tbey.: pan in .'the short | term th'at' they are! tenants of the common soil. : But there are other considerations to ,be re- jgarded. ,'at .the;, ,phctmM;.sqaebh . beyond . the molhpipf' its obseryance. , Ifc is pre- eminently! lbs: eeason iofGoharityii'and.i fori "the' ''effort to diffuse among others that happiness we jshould strive to'fq'el m'our owd' h'eirts;'' It' is speoially the spason for deeds of Jcindly, seoret, )inoiten< I tadqtis ihariiy; . and .for : Ihp. exercise ;bfhat 'blessed privilsgb of benfevoiehce "of'wBihb wb.tire told— " 'Tie written with the pen of heavenly love, On every heart which skill divine has (',>v pnoulded, ; A trahsdnpt frotti the statute-book above; Where augels read their Sovereign's will un folded. It bids ue seek the holes where famine lurka, ; . Clutching the hoarded crust with trembling finge'rs, 1 t ; Where toil in damp, unwholesome caverns work, Or with strained eyeballs o'er tho needle ','jingers." : 'i. ' ; . / - i : . It bids us stand beside the dying bed . .. Of those about to quit the world for ever; Smooth the toss'd pillow, prop the aching head, Cheer the heart broken, whom death' hastes . , ,to sever." The daiy upon us all of .seeking sorrow and re lieving" and cheering it, 'and energising " the sufferers with a more hopcful apirit, is one tho performauce of which is specially oxaoted at Christmastide. That duty no self-respecting man or woman can evade if they would desire to have th'eif fill of Ciiriit'mas happirieas. : We may not be able this year to give liberally and out of our abundance, but most of us can spare some thing, and so keep ourselves in accord with the spirit of the time. But it inay be Said how can we be happy and have the true Christmas feeling in our hfearts when the retrospect of the year is so dotir; .Oar reply is — the Past has gone: :.-Ae we pass down the bottom steps towards the gravo-of tbe dying yesr it is to the 'Ftitdre.wo must look. And the outlook 'ihotild give us. con-' fidence. . A. brave, people with vast natural re sources at their command ougb'.t not to-be dis heartened because they Save suffered' a share bf (hat depression which has been general, through out the. world. If we lack money; our motto Should be— go' to" work and earn it. ; The pioneers of this country did not make it great' by adbering to one vocation.- .Tf that failed they tried " another,; oft times half a: dozen others. There is no real reason why we Bhould not keep our Christinas merrily aud .enter upon the New' Year with b'rigHt eye arid hippy hbpe. ' The elements of wealth. have not flitted from us; The land remains .with its teeming harvest; our mines yield still at great depths, wool- com mands fair /prices,- the butter export ihdnstry has grown in five' years ipractioslly from nothing to foiir thousand tons; and next year we- expect to s'end away seven thousand ; there is h'lt.-in fact, a shrinkage in a single staple; Why, then, should we despond and despair 7 If we put our hearts into the work the coming year may provo the turning of (be'tide. Lit us then fliiig off-t- if only for a time — all this jeremiad talk about poverty and degression,' the opportunities of eh- j 'jyment'in life are few 'enough, let us brace oiir- selves to enjoy a week bf Happiness, accept the chance it offers us, while, remembering, to .keep the true'spirit" of Christmas' in oiir hearts'! , 