THE SLAVIN-JACKSON GLOVE FIGHT. The great battle between Peter Jackson and Frank P. Slavin, with 4oz gloves, took place in a 20ft ring at the National Club, London, on Monday night. The event has been looked upon as the most im- portant boxing contest of modern days, and the interest created by it has spread throughout the English-speaking world. In Australia, especially, the event has been looked forward to with great expec- tation, and a lot of money has changed hands over the affair. Slavin has been the ruling favourite throughout, as much as 4 to 1 having been laid on him in Melbourne and Sydney, while in Newcaestle 2 to 1 against Jackson was the regular price. Jackson, however, had a large following, who placed their faith in his great science and clever get-away tactics in the ring, by which they expected him to defeat his opponent, who is known to be an eager and rushing fighter. The following are the records of the two men:— PETER JACKSON. Jackson is a native of the West Indies, and was born in 1861, being therefore 31 years of age. He stands 6ft lin in height, and his walking or untrained weight 210lb (nearly 15st). He is a powerful-looking muscular specimen of humanity. His di- mensions are:— Chest, 40in; biceps, 15½in; forearm, 14½in; calf, 16in; thigh, 24½in. He was initiated into the science of boxing in Sydney about 12 years ago. He first won glory at Foley's White Horse gymnasium, and Mr. Foley, the then cham- pion, recognising the prowess of his pupil, handed over to him the belt, emblematic of the championship of Australia. Jack Hayes was the first to try to knock him out. A stubborn fight resulted in a draw, but on a second match being made Hayes fared badly, being clean knocked out in the seventh round. A big fellow, yclept Sam Britton, was the next to face Peter, who showed great improvement, Sam being put to rest inside six rounds. He had other fights in Sydney at Foley's, beating the best men in Sydney. A match was made for the cham- pionship with sturdy Bill Farnan, who has since joined the great majority, for £100 aside and the championship. Farnan found out the coloured man's weak spot in the seventh round, a blow in the stomach completely disposing of him. They again met, and when Farnan was get- ting all the worst of the deal — in fact, whilst he was being knocked out, his maddened partisans rushed the ring and robbed Peter of his revenge. Mick Dooley was thought to be Peter's equal, and the pair met in Syd- ney. Peter, however, easily outclassed Dooley, who cried "Peccavi" after the third round. Tom Lees later on measured strength with Jackson, but the fight resembled a running match, Peter being on scratch. After an hour and a half's sprinting round the roped enclosure, Jackson was declared the winner. Jack Burke, "the Irish lad," now arrived in Australia, but efforts to make a match between him and Jackson failed, the new arrival being any- thing but anxious for the fray. Jackson then visited America. On his arrival in the land of the Yankee, where a strong prejudice exists against men of colour, Jackson found that he had grave difficulties in front of him. He would have to fight niggers first, he was told. George Godfrey, of Boston, a brawny black, was pitted against him in the Cali- fornia Club, San Francisco, but George had not the ghost of a show, though he tried hard to win. Peter was now thought good enough for a white man, and ac- cordingly big Joe McAuliffe, "The Mission Boy," and champion of the Pacific Slope, was matched against him. After a well-contested battle, lasting 24 rounds, the pride of California was knocked out. Patsy Cardiff, another Hercules, was put forward to stop the Australian's vic- torious march, but he lived with the sable heavy weight only 10 rounds. Jackson then started touring, and there was scarcely a man able to last two or three rounds with him. He crossed to England and beat Jem Smith, the then champion of England, in three rounds, Smith throwing him and losing on a foul. He afterwards returned to Australia, but his star had evidently become bedimmed, and Goddard nearly beat him in an eight- round encounter in Melbourne. His last big fight previous to his meeting with Slavin was with Jim Corbett, the Californian heavy weight, the twain fighting a 60-round or four hours' draw. FRANK P. SLAVIN Was born at Maitland, New South Wales on January 27, 1868, and is consequently 29 years of age. He stands 6ft. 1½in in height, measures 42½in round the chest, and brings down the beam in fighting trim at about 13st 4lb. It was in Queensland he made his debut in the prize ring, which was a success- ful one, as he beat his opponent, Martin Power, of Charters Towers, (for £50 a-side) in seven rounds, occupying 13min. His next opponent was Tom Burke, of Queens- land, with 2oz gloves in December, 1885, for £200. Burke's pretentions, however, were quickly settled, as Slavin knocked him out in four rounds. Following this he was matched with Shanahan, of Gympie, for £10 a-side and a gold medal, which he succeeded in winning in two rounds. This he followed up by beating S. Burke, of Rockhampton, in 10sec. Professor Babbs came next, but he was disposed of in a round and a half. After which Slavin challenged any man in Queens- land, for from £200 to £500 a-side, but failed to get a response to his offer. Frank then went to Sydney, where he was engaged as boxing instructor at Foley's Gymnasium, a post which he held for about six mnonths, during which time he beat Bligh, a man weighing 16st, for £10, the battle only last- ing one round, his next engagement for the same amount lasting but a little longer, as he knocked out Tom Taylor in the second round. His friends then thought him good enough to back against Peter Jackson for the championship and £200 a-side, but after the articles were dawn up the match fell through. Slavin then had a busy time of it, beating Fogarty for £10 a-side, in three rounds; Mike Dooley, for £50 a-side, in eight rounds; and fought a draw with Costello for £50 a-side, the affair lasting two hours and a quarter. Slavin on another occasion undertook to stop his op- ponent in six rounds for £25 a-side, which he failed to do, Costello showing much better form than previously. Slavin was then again matched to box Peter Jackson eight rounds for £50 a-side; but having sprained his wrist in his match with Costello he forfeited the deposit down. Following this he met and defeated Laing, the heavy- weight champion of New Zealand, after which he boxed Jack Burke, and defeated him in eight rounds. A second contest was arranged between them, which Slavin won in the third round. Slavin also beat Billy Farnan, for £200, winning in the third round, and he received £100 forfeit from Woolf Bendoff. This was his last en- counter of note previous to leaving for England. Slavin beat Bill Goode ("Chesterfield") in five rounds, for £400, at Astley's Amphitheatre, West- minster Bridge-road, October 17, 1889. Fought a draw With Jem Smith, for £200 a-side and the Championship of England and Australia, at Bruges, Belgium, on December 23, 1889. Fight stopped after fighting 14 rounds. His last glove fight in England was the memorable contest with "The Mission Boy," Joe McAuliffe, whom he beat in a round and a half, occupying 5min 45sec. Not finding a foeman in England, Slavin decided to seek one in America, and upon his arrival was matched with Jake Kilrain. Kilrain was not in it, and for nine rounds was constantly knocked down, as regularly regaining his feet gamely. In the ninth round the referee declared Kilrain counted out, but a disturbance arose, and the referee retracted, declaring the result a draw. Slavin left America for England again. 