A DAUGHTER OF LILITH. The Strange Story of a Man's Love for an Immortal. I had left Paris on the evening of the previous day and passed a lon« and silent night in a corner of the railway carriage. For jix mortal hours I had waited at a small station, and not until the afternoon did I succeed in finding a psasant'B cart to take me to Artigues. Thn plain, the undulationa of which ro«e and fell on each sido of ths road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great »un. was now covered by a thick veil of snow, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. My guide pushed his old horse along slowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken «t intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. S»d unto death. 1 murmured in my heart tliis prayer : " My Uod —Rod of mercy—preserve me from despair and let me net commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon! Th*n r saw the sun, red and rayl-ss, descending like a bleeding host on the horizon, and, re calling the divino sacrifice of Calvary, I felt hope cnter'iny soul. The wheels continued to grate through the .now for some timo. At lust, the driver pointed out to .la with his whip the s'eeple of ArtißUes, which stood out like a F Bhadow in the reddish mist. 5 "Eh !" said the man to me, "youget off at I the pirannage ? You know the euro ?" ( " 1 have known him since my childhood. He ( wns my master whan I was at school." f "He is learned in books ?" . "M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." " They say so. They i»y other things, also." "What do they s*y?" ! " They say what they like, »nd I let them talk." " Well, what else ?" " Well, there are some who belie** thatthe cure is a sorcerer, and that he casts spells. " What nonsense I" " I say nothing;, sir, myself; but if 81. Safrtc is not a sorcerer who casts cpells, why does he read in books, then 1" The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. I left this simpleton snd followed the cure's servant, who conducted m 3 to her master in the dining-room, where the table was already sot. I found M. Sa/cae very much changed in the three years »inco I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, his thinness had become ex cessive, his piercing eyfs shone out from his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger, reached to his drawn mouth. " My father, ray father!" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms ; " X come to yon be cause I have sinned. Oh, you, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized ray soul by showing me your paternal lieart, draw your child from the brink of the precipice 1 Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me I" Hn embraced me, smiled at me with that exquisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, step pine back a little, so as to see me better, said : "With God's help," saluting me after the fashion of his country. After years of distinc tion as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux, at Piiiqiiers, and at Paris, ha had asked, oann nnl.y fnvor, for a poor living in the country where he had been horn and where he wished tv die. Curo of Artigues'- for' the last six years, he prsctioVd lii; this". village the most humhle pjJtyarid the most exalted science. .- •' With G">d'*j/help, my child," lie repeated. " Yuur JetttfrHaijnoiincin'' your arrival, moved m« dtfji.ly?^.lt ia.tnie, tHen, that you have not fonjotfe^yo'ur'jld ma3tcr? -> ; stirrwd : 'tt>;tKr6w: myself at his feet, still • WSTOUiijJ.Bg"': -'"Savo me. save me!" but he r »to*pp'pd']fne with a gesture at once gentle and \ imperious!! V . . ;.,_-,.• ■ •■)■ ■Jeft»s»W«ai<i, t'"""yriu' can toll mo to : -*hat you have to say. Sow warm yourself. Then we shall eat, for you must be vity hungry." v--. '.; The..eervant placed on the table the snnp tu'ideen, from which roso a column of fracraut ; steaui. Slie-tai an old woman, who«e hair was • Kiddßn.«|iii^.|^)l|ji'ck silk handkerchief and on were rained the beauty of !*th>peis»iJßw)}e'and the ugliness of decrepi ■ ti!fe-':^jv*i!^atl} agitated ; still, the pance '.ut th'&foijly;,'dw£ihng, the cheerfulness of the [ wood lire,' of 'the.##i))te table cloth, of the i decanted wine, and rfTthe steaming dishes, gra- I dually took possession of me, and presently I j almost forgot that I had come to the home of j this priest to change the aridity of my remorse I for the fertile dew of repentance. I -'Jean," said M Safrac, "yon were my best j pupil. Tour prompt intelligence always tra- I veiled beyond the thought of the irftster. Thmt lis why I became attached to you at once. I love'boldness in a Christian. Faith* must not be timid when impiety shows such indomitable * audacity. Tile church to-day has but lambs ; she'nee'ds lions. Who will replace with us the fathers and the sages whose glance embraced all the sciences? Truth is like the sun, it needs the «yo of the eagle to contemplate it." •' Ah. M." Safrac, you brought to bear on every question that eye which nothing dazzles. 1 remember how your optniojis sometime! ■ startled even those of ymir colleagues whom tho sanctity of your life filled with admiration. You did not dread novelties. That wu hi)*, for instance, you were inclined to admit the . plurality of inhabited worlds." . -'What will the timid ones Bay when they read my bonk ? " he exclaimed, with brighten inij eyes ; "1 have meditated, I have worked. You know that I am'acquainted with Hebrew, Aratrian, Persian, and several of the Indian languages, You know that I brought with me here a library, rich in ancient manuscript*. I ' liave dipped deep into knowledge of languages • and'the traditions of the primitive Orient. I ""have just finished my bock on the 'Origins,' ' which restores and sustains that sacred inter pretation of the Scriptures in the imminent .ruin of whicli impious science believes already. God, in His infinite mercy, has willed that science and faith be reconciled. To produce this reconciliation, 1 start from this idea : The Bible, inspired by the Holy Ghost, tel]i nothing but whnt is truo, but does not tell all that is . true. And how could it le!l it, tinea it pro poses, for its only object, to inform us of that which is necessary to our eternal salvation t Beyond this grand design, there exist* nothing far it. Its plan is us simple as it is immense. It embraces the fall and the redemption. It i« the divine history of man. It is complete and limited. Nothing is admitted to it limply to satisfy profane curiosity. Now impious science cannot triumph for long ovet the silence of God. It is time to My: 'No ; the . Bible has not lied, because it ha* not revealed " all.'' Such is the '.ruth which I proclaim. Mak < ing use of geology, pre-hist:>ris archaeology, oriental cosmogony, Hittite monuments, Chal dean and Babylonian traditions, and ancient Wends preserved in the Talmud, I have affirmed the existence of preadamitca. of whom the inspired author of Genesis doe* not speak, simply for the reason that their existence would not alfect the eternal salvation of the children ol Adam. Better still, a minute examination ' of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to me the existence of two successive creations, separated hy great ages and of which the second if, eg to speak, but the adaptation of a portion of the earth to the needs of Adam and bis pos terity." I He stopped for a moment, and then, in a low voice, he resumed, with a truly religions gravity: "I. Martial Safrac —an unworthy priest, doctor oS- theology, subject, as an obe dient child, to the authority of our Holy Mother, the Church—l affirm, with an absolute certsinity—subject, always, to the authority of our Holy Father, the Pope, and the councils— that Adam, created in the image n( God, bad two wives, of whom Ere was the second." These singular words drew my thoughts some what from myself, and I wasstrangly iaUresUd |t Uwa. I wu, Ue.nt.on, la—irstti 4i> appointed when M. Safrac, dropping his elbonra on the table, said to me: " Enough «f this topic. Some day, parlwps, you will road in- hook, which will instruct you on the subject. It was necessary, as 1 was m strict duty bound, to submit thin wi>ik to monsei K nour and to solicit the approbation ;.f his grace. The mannscript is now atthenrcn bishop'., and J expect ever/ moment v decision, which I have every reason to b.hcve will prove favorable." Tl.on the conversation liceommiiig _ more familiar, turned on our mutual rec<ill"ctionn. "Yes, my child," said M. Safrac to ny; "you were the pupil of my cnoice. _ God per-! mtfs preferences when they are fuii.-.ued on an equitable judgment. Now, 1- juds^l at once that there,was myou the ninkiiiv: of a man an-1 a Christian. Noi that 1 did not notice groat imperfections in you. You were niii-ipial, un certain, easily disturbed. Pa«Biii:is. slill secret smoldered in"your s-jul. I loved you for y..ur great restlesßness, as I loved another "f my pupils for different qualities. I clieri-iheil Paul d'Ervy for the resolute tirmiio* of his mind and heart." At this name I turned red and then |>alo. 1 could hardly restrain a cry, and. when 1 tried to uiuwer, it was irapossiblu tor mo t» s]i«ak. 81\. Safrac did not soem to notico my a«it.i tion. "If my memory is good he was jour closet comrado," ho added ; " you hay.i reiniiucd very intimate with htm, liave you not ? 1 know that he entered the diplomatic service, and that he has a great future before liim^ V.vi have in him n faithful and devoted friend.'' "My father." I answered, with an rlfVt. ' I will talk to you to-morrow of P.ml d'Ervy and of another person." M. Safrac prea3ed my hand. Wo s.'p.iratfd. and I went to the room which he had c:iusc<l to be prepared for me. In my bed, porfimiii with lavender, I dreamed that 1 was a elnKi again, and that, kneeling in the college olmp-jl, I wss admiring the white and sliiuini; women with whom the seats wore tilled, when suddenly a voice, coming from a cloud, spoke u'jovo my head and said : " Jean, thou beliuvest t!.at thou dost love them in God, but it is Gml whom thou lovest in them." When 1 awoke in tho morning 1 found 51. Safrac standing at tho head of my bod. "Jean," ho said to mo, "cmn« and hear the mass which I am going to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office. 1 will bo ready to hear what you have to tell me." The churchol Artigucs is a little sanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished in AquiUine in the twelfth century. Restored about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included m the primitive plan. Bteing poor, it still preserved, at lenet its pure bareness. X joined, as well a« my state of mt'd would permit, in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the parsonage. Thcro we breakfasted on a little bruad m.d milk and then entered 81. Safrac"s room. Prawing chairs up to the fire place, above which a crucifix wat suspended, he invited mo to sit down, and, having seated himself near me, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was fall- ing. "My father," I commenced, "it is t.n years since I left your care to enter tlie world. I have preservod my faith, but, alas! not my purity. I need not ranee to you my career ; you know it —you, my spiritual euido. the sole director of my conscience. Besides, I am in haste to reach the event which h»a upset my life. Last ye;ir, my family decided that 1 snould marry, and 1 assented willingly. Tiie young girl destinod for me presented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me—so inu<:li so that, instead of making a ' marriage of convenience, 1 •I was about to make a marriage of inclination. We became engaged. Tlie liappin ss and re post) of life Rueni'id insured, -wlion 1 rewind » litter from Paul d'Ervy, announcing his arrival in Paris from Constantinople and cxprus-ini; a great desire to tee me. I hastened !>> h'.tn ami told feim of my coining marriage. He congratu lated me cordially. I said that 1 counted on his being my beat man, and he accepted willinzly ; my marriage was fixed for the fifteenth of May, and he did not h ivo to return to his post uutil the first days in June. Then the couversation turned to other topics. " ' I am doing very well,' I said, ' mid you 1 ' *"oh, I!' he answered, with a smile which oxpressed at once joy and sadness ; ' I what a change! lam mad—a woman—Jean, lam either very happy or very unhappy. What can you call a happiness which has been purchased by a bad action? I have grieved,l have be trayed, an excellent friend. I have carried off from Constantinople, the " "My sou," M. Safrac interrupted, "omit from your story the faults of others and name no one." I promised to obey, and continued as follows: " Paul had hardly finished speaking when a woman entered the room. It was she evi dently. She seemed quite at ease. 1 will ex press to you in a single word the impression sho made on me. She did not seem to me to bo natural. 1 feel how obscure this term is and how badly it explains tny idea ; but, perhaps, it will becomo more intelligible to you as jou follow my story. In truth, in the expression of her golden eyes, which seemed to emit, at times, showers of .sparks ; in the curve of her enigmatic mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and luminous ; in the play of the harsh and yet harmonious lines of her body ; in the airy lightness ot her step; even in her naked arms, to which invisible wines seemed attached ; finally, in her whole ardent and fluid being, I felt, something strangely foreign to human nature—something, 1 know not whnt, inferior and superior to woman such its God has made her to be our companion on this earth of exile. From the moment that I saw her, a feeling arose in my soul and completely filled it. I felt an infinite disgust for all which was not this woman. "When he saw her enter, Paul frowned slightly ; but changing his mind immediately, he tried to smile. " 'Leila, let me present my best friend.' " I know M. Jean,' Leila answered.' " These words must have seemed strange for we had certainly Lever met before. But the accent waa stranger still; if the crystal could think, it would speak so. >•'"My friend Jean,' added Paul, *is to be married in six week*.' " At this moment Leila looked at roe, and I saw plainly that her golden eyes said ' No.' " I left greatly agitated, my friend not show ing the least desire to retain me. 1 wandered about the streets all day, my heart empty and desolate; then, finding myself, in the evening before a florist's shop on the Boulevard, I re membered my financed and en'errd to get a branch of white lilac for her. Hardly was the flower between my finger* when a little hand snatched it from me, and'Asaw Leila running off, laughing. She had on "ijwiort'gray dress, a gray ccat, and a little round Wt. This Parisian racingjeostume wasstrangley inharmonious with the jairy-like beauty of thin creaturo and seemed on her like a sort of disguise. Still as I saw her I has, I felt that I loved her with au inextinguishable love. I tried to catch her but she escaped me in the crowd of people and carriages. " From that moment I felt as if I no longer lived. I went several times to Paul's without seeing Leila again. He received me pleasautly but did not speak of her. We had nothing to say to one another,- »nd I left him sadly. Finally, one day, the valet said to me: *M. d'Ervy is out;' and added, ' would you like to seemadamet' I answered, ' Yet.' " Oh, my father 1 this word—what tears of blood can never expiate it ? I entered ; I found her in the saloon, half lying on a divan, in a robe of golden yellow, under which she had curled h«f little feet. I saw her—but, no—l saw no more. Hy throat was suddenly parebed. I could not speak. An odor of myrrh and aromatic* which camo from her, intoxicated me with Uagour and desire, as if all the perfumes of the mystic Orient had penetrated at ones my quivering nostrils. toil* aha wsj bo Mlml mM, far mMuh human appeared in her. Her f.icfc «.iprn.(?eil no sentiment Rood or bad, except ii>g thnt of n voluptuousnoss at once sunsual atd celestial. Doubtless she noticed my agitation, for pre sently she spnko to 1110, in a voice a» pure at tho boii" of tnu brooks in tho woods: '• ' What is the mailer with you ? ' "' I love you madly,' 1 cried through my tears, as I threw tnvaelf at bur feet. "Tiwli she op»ned her arms and cast on me a glance from her clear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so aooner?' she said. '• Hour without a name 1 It eeeui. dto mo that both of us, carried away In heaven, tilled it completely. I felt myself becoming the equal of God, and " At theso words M. Safrac, who had listened to me for some time with visible impatience, rose and stood against tho chimney, holdiu" his cissock up to his knees to warm liis let". " You are a miserablo blasphemer, 1' he said, with a severity which was almost contempt, •'and, far from detesting you crimes, you con fess them only from priae and deli ctation. I will listen to you no longer." I burst into tears anil bep^ed his forgiveness. Seeing that my humility »a* »i:iccn-, lie allowed mo to continue my confession, on con dition ;hat I Hhuuld nut Bp^rr mysolf. . . " My lather," I continued, •• I left LeiU, torn by remorse ; but the next day she came, to s-o me, and then commenced .1 life which linrnMed me with tortures and delights. I was jealous of P.ml, whom 1 had wronged, and 1 nnfforctl cruelly. Ido nut believe the re is a more de basing disease than jealousy, nor one winch fills the soul with more odious iimipes. Leila did not civn deign to lio to hel|> me ; in fact, her conduct was inconceivable. Ido not f.iru^-' to whom I am speaking, and 1 shall be careful not to olfoud tho ears of the most venerable of priesta. 1 will only nay that Leila did not seem M participate 111 the lovu which she allowed 1110 to enjoy ; but siie had iimJiiled into my whole being tho poison of passion. Leila was ab.-olutely without thnt which we call moral mmisc You must not believe, for all thm., that sin; showed herself wicked or crue' ; she "as, en the contrary, gentle and full of p'l}'- Xeitin-r did she lack- intelligence, but lier in lelli^ence was not of the B»iuc nature as ours. Sic spoke little, refusing; to answer all ques tions concerning her past. She knew notliio^ of those tiiinffg which wr usually know, bui. on the other" hand, knew much of things of which we are i-r.brant. Brwu«lit up in the Orient, sho kn:w all si>r:s of IVrsian and Hindoo legend*, which hlie related in a moii tonous chant, with an infinite grace. To hear her tell of thecliimmntt dawn of tliuwii>-ld, 1.11. would have stid tlmt she was conteinpirarv with the youth of llie univirje. oie day 1 made thu remark to lir.r. She answered, *mil in<T : ' I am old, it is true.'" M. Safrac, still staudiiii. 1 before the tire, had been bending down toward me for tome tiinn, in an attitude of the liveliest attention. " Con tinue," he said. •' Several times, my faihrr. I questioned L->ila in regard to her religion. Slio answered that she had wine that, she did not need any ; that her mother and her sisteiN were the daughters of Ood, and that, neveri heles«, they were not bound to Him by miy creed. She wore, suspended round lier neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which she said she had piously gnthenrt out of love tor her mother." Hardly had 1 pronounced the«o words, when M. ijafnic, pile and trembling, bounded for ward and pressed me in his arm«. • " She sp.iko the truth ! " ho cried ; "I know now who this c.eallire was. .lean, your in- R'iiict d:d not deceive you. It was not a woman. Finish—finish. 1 heir of you !" '• Jiy father. 1 havealmnst finished. Throimh love hi Leila. I had hr-ki-i: ••« my solemn en garment. 1 had butrayed my best friend. 1 had o tic»J-i-Cud. Puu!.:jiiiviliK_iearued_of. Leila's infidelity, went wild with gritf. 1U threatened to kill her, but she answered him ueiitly : "Try it. my friend ; I would like to dm. but lean not.' " Fur six months she was mine. Then, "lie morning, --ho niiiiounceil thai she was un>"K buck to'lVrsia and that she would see me tn> more. I wept, 1 moaned. I dm-liiicd that Bhe never loved me. " ' No. no. my fricn.l," she replied, gently ; ' hut how many ircmiLMi, who have nol loved you huv moro llian 1, have not given you that which "you have received from me ? You, at least, owe me some gratitude Adieu !' "I remained two days in nngerand despair. Then, miudful of the salvation nf my bou!, 1 hastened to you, my father. 1 am here ; purify, elevate, fortify my heart!—for 1 lovo her Btill!" M. Sifrac remained thoughtful, hi* hand pressed nihilist his forehead. "My son," he said, at last, " this confirms my great dis coveries ; this will confound tho pride of the modern sceptics. Listen to mo: We live to-day inatiiii.-of miracles, »* 'lid the first born ' men. Listen, listen ! Adam had, ai I told you, a tiret wife of whom the Bible does not spunk, hut with whom the Talmud makes us acquainted. She was called Lilim. Funned not from one of his ribs, hut from the red earth from which ho himself was created, she whs not flesh of his flesh. She loft him of her own free will. Ho was still living in innocence when sh 3 left him to go to tln.se regions where the Persians established themselves long yonrs afterwards and where dwelt the preadainiies— more intelligent and moro beautiful than man. She hud therefore, no part in the fault of oui first father and was not sullied by the original sin ; consequently she escaped the curse pro nounced against Eve and her posterity. She was exempt from pain ami death. Having no boul to save, she was as incapable of merit as of demerit. Whatever she does she doei neither good nor evil. Her daughters, born to her from a mysterious hymen, nre immortal like herself, and, like her, free in their actions and in their thoughts, sinco they can neither pain nor lose before God. Now, my son, 1 recognise, by infallible signs, the creature who caused your fall. This Leila was a daughter ol Lilith. Pray ; I will hear you to-morrow in confession." He remained thoughtful for a moment, iher, drawing a paper from his pocket Its con- •■ Last night, after having wished you good ni"ht. I received from the letter carrier, who had been delayed by the snow, a disagreeable letter! The hi-ad vicar writes thai my lu«;k liaa saddened inonsei(jncur and cast a gloom iv hia soul over the coming joys of Lem. This work, lie adds, is filled with daring propositioi.a and opinions already condemned by the fathers, iiis grace could not apptove such unwholesome lucubrationa. That is what they write me. But I will relate your adventure to monseignrur; it will provo to him that Lilitb exisU and that I do not dream." I begged M. Safrac to listen to ma another moment. " Leila, my father, cave me at part ing a pieco of papyrus, on which are traced, with the point of a stylus, characters which I can not ruad. Here is t'le amulet.'^ SI. Safiac took the lißht sMBT which I handed him and examined it attentively. •' This is written in a Persian language of the poldeii ase," he said, after a moment, " and may be translated as follows: " • Trayee of Lbiia, Daughkk or I.iuib. " 'My God, promise io me death, no that I may taste liff. My God. yire to im remorse, to that I may find pleasure. My God, make me like to the daughters nf Eve.'" Friend—"So yours m a caee ol lo»e at first sight ? " Mrs. Getthere—" Yes, indeed! I fall des perately in lore with ny dear hatband the moment I set eye* upon him. I remember it v distinctly v if.it were yesterday. I was walking with papa on the beach at St. Kilda, when suddenly papa atopoad. and. poiatiaa: him outjaaM^Taaw, mj tar, kiMi wurth two Mttmaia 