MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY. — A correspondent supplies us with the following report:— "On Wednesday last Mr. McRobert, J.P., held a magisterial inquiry on the body of Mr John Lamperd, brother of Mr. Lamperd, farmer and deputy registrar at Toolleen. It appears that the unfortunate man, who was subject to fits, was ploughing in a paddock in the neighborhood of his bother's home on Tuesday last, and on the evening of the same day he was found by some friends apparently dead, at one of the headlands in some shallow water. The body was at once taken to his brother's residence, and the instructions usually resorted to in cases of the apparently drowned were applied in this case, but without avail. The matter was at once reported to Constable Germaine, of Goornong, who collected the necessary evidence for the inquiry. Dr. Taaffe, whom Judge Williams so highly complimented for his surgical skill and clear and comprehensive evidence in connection with the Elmore Murder, made a post mortem examination, and was of opinion that death was caused by suffocation, during an epileptic seizure, and the justice returned a verdict accordingly. The deceased gentleman was 45 years of age." PHOTOGRAPHIC. — Messrs. Barman and Co., who have just concluded a successful sojourn at Rush worth, hare opened their studio in Railway-place East, next to FarralTs timber yard, and promise to execute good work, at prices to enit the tunes. See advertisement. DOOSG this week evangelistic aervices are bring held in the local Bible Christian Church. COURSISG—The Elmore District Coursing Club's third meeting takes place on Tuesday, August 30th. Euiou POLICE OODBT.—At this court on Saturday, before Mr. J. Pook, J-P-, Sergeant Salts charged Patrick Ryan with being drunk and disorderly on the previous day in the township; he was discharged. On Tuesday, before Mr. Pook, Richard Tresides (who was discharged last week for & similar offence) was charged by Constable Gleeson with being drunk and disorderly, and was fined in default three days' imprisonment; he went to gaoL On Wednesday, before Miami Keqgh, P.M^ and Hutchinson, Heeps, and Hunter, JJP.'s, Mem. D. Watson and W. Telford, as tenstees of the estate of Joseph Bell deceased, appeared against John Down for wilfully ditmaging a fence, the property of the said complainants, at or near Elmore, Car which they riaimfd £1 3a. 6d. compensation. The defendant was fined 10s^ and ordered to pay 12s. 6d. compensation ; in defanlt, three days' imprisonment. Costs, £3 3c.; in default, distress. Seven daye allowed for payment. MBSSBS. H. E. XSQTO ABD Co. request as todraw dose attention totheir new advertisement in the third page of this issue of The SUmiard. The great winter dealing Bale commenced yesterday, and wOi he continued for two weeks only. Particular notice is directed tothe quotations of special lines in their areolars. In the words of MfflBTK. Ising's aomewbat bellicose P»et, " Itis war to the knife to-day ; We axe ready for the fight. We are eager for the fray." Thwn sentiments are of course written under poetic licence; Messrs. H. E. long and Co. will only fight with low prices, and (bar material weapons will be the yard-stack and ncuaota. TmAoanREucnoK^buntfav Mr. Chaa. fi. Dui^ the Sectoral n^isizar at Rufhworth, announces hia intention of ofibringhis eervices as auditor ior the Waranga Shire. ELMO BE PSOGBESS ASSOCIATION.— The annual meeting of this Association hich was advertised forMonday evening lapsed, only the treasurer, secretary, and two other members answering to the call. The association has a credit balance of £3 7s. 2dL, and it has been suggested that it should (with the approval of the majority of the members) be donated to the Atheneum Hall trustees. CONTRACTS.—The Shire of Huntly advertise elsewhere for tenders for works in the various ridings,returnable up to next Thursday, at 11.30 a.m. Plans, &c.;, for supplying 150 yards of metal at Elmore and grubbing stumps near the Park may be seen at O'NeQl's Shamrock Hotel on and after Monday next. PRIVATE QUADBILLE ASSEHBLY. — The fourth social in connection with the Elmore Private Quadrille Assembly will be held in the Atheneum Hall this evening. WATERWORKS TRUST.—The usual meeting of the Trust was held at the Hall on Friday evening last. There were present Cmrs. Long (in the chair), Pook, Cotton, and Milton, and the secretary. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The outward correspondence was read and approved. The inward correspondence included memos, from the Lancefield Water Trust and other?, re water supplied to railway employes; received. From Mr. S. EL Farnll, re gravel purchased by him from the contractor, which had been used on the -footpath leading to the water tower, and asking 10s. pay ment, or gravel to be returned; received, and on the motion of Cmr. Milton, seconded by Cmr. Cotton, the secretary was instructed to inform Mr. FarratI that the Trust knew nothing of the gravel referred to, and had not , authorised removal. In accordance with notice, Cmr. Cotton moved the rescission of the motion appointing fortnightly meetings of the Trust on alternate Fridays at 7 p.m. Cmr. Milton seconded the motion, which was carried. Cmr. Cotton then moved, That the ordinary meetings of the Trust be held on the second Friday in each month, at the hour of 7 p.m." The motion was seconded by Cmr. Milton, and carried. An account from the Argus, for advertising notice of application for additional loan, was passed for payment. Cmr. Pook drew attention tothe fact that the Government auditor had not visited them, although he appeared to be overdue, and he moved, "That the secretary write to the Department and ask when the auditor will visit Elmore." Seconded by Cmr. Miiton, and carried. OACDIXAL REDIVIVUS. — After an absence of about three years from o Runnymcde, the grand entire Cardinal, who has hern during that time on the Murray, has returned to bis old pastures. His owner, Mr. Bolton, will shortly open the season with him, of which doe notice will be given. RECEIVER AKD PAYMASTER. — Mr. John Alexander, has been appointed acting receiver and paymaster and a collector of imposts at Echuca and Rochester, vice Mr. D. M'Kenzie relieved. THK Huntly Shire Council will con firm at a special meeting on Sepember 1 a bye-law (No. 5), to enable the council to enforce payment of night-soil fees and removal of night-soil in Elmore. A copy of the bye-law may be seen by parties interested at the Shire office. We would suggest that a copy of the bye-Jaw be lpdged at Elmore, say at the Free library, aa it can be of no interest to the Huntly householders. MUTUAL IXPBOVKXKKT AESOCUXIOV. —The weekly meeting of this Association on Tuesday was poorly attended, Mr. J. B. Jones presiding. The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and confirmed on the motion of Mr. Cotton, seconded by Mr. Thomson. An account from H. Cotton, printing 14& 6d^ was passed Cor payment, on the motion of Mr. M'laoskey, seconded by Mr. B. Anderson. Owing to the Rev. R. Oates' inability to attend and deliver his lecture on " How tomake the most of yourself" it was agreed to read a second time the papers discussed at the association's last meeting, viz., The Cut girl," by Cornstalk; " Is it better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at allT by a Bachelor ; "Turf Gossip," by Augur's Ghost; and Criticism," by Critic. Animated discussion ensued on all the magwrines, the speakers being the President, Dr. ff"», and Messrs. Trenery, Davis, M'laoskey, Thomson, and I meeting adjourned at 9.45. On next Tuesday evening a debate on the Rev. Horace Tucker's Tillage Settlement Scheme will take place. ViBUGl &HIBE; OoDXCXL.—Cr. MOLvehQl has given notice of motion that he will move at the meeting of this council on Tuesday next—"That a donation «f £20 be divided between the gun dobs (four in number) within the shire. The Western riding to pay £12 and the Central riding £& The money to be distributed between the Runny mede, Campaspe, TooUeen, and Colfainabbin gun clpbe. RmM OooHcn. Mansas.—The Waranga Council meet next Tuesday, and the Huntly Council on the follow ing Thursday.' ANUU MEETINGS.—HE annual m—ring of subscribers of the local library is advertised ior this evening, at 7 o'clock! We hope to see a good muster of members. The Atheneum Hall miyteeahald their ammal meeting Rev. R. Oates wSH preach in tfce Bbnore Bible Christian Ohnich in the morning andeveningof iSonday next. DENTISTRT.—Mr. H'Intosh, surgeon dentist, will re-visit Elmore for a few days on August 8. MB A. MILTOS, our local townsman, has been appointed a judge in implements at the National Show at Bendigo in October next. POLICE MAGISTRATE'S FIXTURES— The following are Mr. J. Keogh'e fix tures for Huntly, Rochester, and Elmore for August:—3rd, Huntly Petty Sessions and Revision Court; 17th, Rochester Petty Sessions, and Licensing and Revision Courts, 21th, Elmore Petty Sessions, and licensing and Revision Courts. THE LATE MRS. CALVERT. — Mrs. Calvert, whose death took place at Rochester on Monday last, was a colonist of 40 years' standing, having arrived in the colony with her husband, who was a Scotch advocate, and came to the colony to take the position of editor of the Argus in 1852. After the death of her husband, Mrs. Calvert resided with her married daughter, Mrs. Scott, whose husband was manager of the National Bank at Euroa during the reign of terror exercised in that part of the colony by the Kelly gang. When the bank was stuck up by the Kelly's, Mrs. Calvert with her daughter, Mrs. Scott and five children were taken prisoners and carried to Younghusband's station, where they were detained for some time by the outlaws, who, however, ultimately set them at liberty uninjured. The deceased lady was 78 years of age, and was highly respected. For many years Mrs. Calvert has resided with her son, Mr. R. B. Calvert, late ML.A. for the electorate of Korong. There are three sons alive, one, Mr. R. B. Calvert, of Rochester, Mr. Jas. Calvert, manager for Messrs. L. Macpherson, Sternberg, and Co. Ltd., and Mr. G. Calvert, of Echuca. The funeral took place on Wednesday, the remains being interred in the White Hills Cemetery. FREDERICK BANBURY, committed at Adelaide on Monday for forgery and uttering, has during his lifetime received sentences totalling 61 years. CONVEYANCE OF MAILS.—Contracts for the conveyance of inland mails for the year 1892-3 have been accepted as follows:—Bendigo and Huntly, vii White Hills and Epsom, from Bendigo and Sydney Flat—J. Watson, £249. Post-office and railway station, Axedala —W. S. Cahill. £52. Bagshot railway station aud Bagshot Post-ofEce—0. Johnston, £15. Goornon« and Goornong South State School —Tlios. Cashen, £10. Goornong and Barnedown, Barnedown and TooUeen—E. Holmes, £98. TooUeen and Campaspe State School— E. Lamperd £24. TooUeen and Campaspe East State School—E Lamperd, £24. Cornelia and Crosbie vii TooUeen —C. F. Heath, £30. Elmore and Rushworth—H. Wootten, £78. Runny, mede and Runnymede East State School —F. W. Burgoyne, £13. Colbinalibin and Cornelia East-^J. Ellrrton, £20. Elmore and Corop, vii Corop West— R. F. Williams, £20. Elmore and Drummartin—F. W. Burgoyne, £59 10s. Post office and railway station. South Elmore—C. M Bowden, £7 10s. Rochester and Meehan—P. Murphy, £124. Rochester and Timmering East —P. Murphy, £65. Rochester and Diggora West—M. Cochrane, £37. Rochester and Mitiamo—Chas. Dines, £129 Is. APPLICATIONS for licences Approved. —Elizabeth J. Pook, Rod castle, 110 James O'Neill, Red castle, 159 Annie Jones, Bailieston, 125 Tbubn wgiitiwei^at «ha Office of Titles:— Ellen Hicks to John and James Hicks, Corop, 311a. 1r. 1p. parish of Burramboot East; John H. Ad.trm^n to Edwin Adamson, Colbinabbin, 320a^ parish of Gobarup; Eugene Sullivan to John O'Sullivan, Enowsley, 279a. 2r. lip. parish of Knowsley; Nathaniel Simpson toJos. Burt, Glenhope East, 261a. Or. 22p^ parish of Glenhope; Timothy Walsh, seau, toFrancis Walsh (exor.), 227a Sr. 2p_, parish of Carag Carag. HRAMT REVISION COUKT. — This court was held on Thursday of last week. President:—The president (Or. M*Oonnachie in the chair), and Ors. Goyne, H inton, and Pitson. In the South Riding there were twp alterations, the name of Grace Pender bring altered to Grace Crotti, the latter bring her married name; and Un Elizabeth Breagley in lieu of J. D. Breagley, de- In the West Riding Louis Grippe* name was added. These were the only alterations with the exception of striking names off the roll of those who held land without residence, and were rated under £10 as specified by the new Act The rolls for the three ridings were certified toas oocxect. 