A PROCESSION OF GHOSTS.' Here is a fair parade of the ghosts of literary ladies who were once extremely popular. The show is a most entertaining one, and very far from uninstructive. Mrs. Hamilton has done her work happily and well, understanding pre cisely what it is that we readers and wfitors of to-day desire to know concerning these erstwhile heroines of the quill. Very few of them appeal to us any longer through their "works;" but their "ways," the stories of their lives, how they came to write, how their successes wero won, what their rewards wore, what note con temporary criticism took of them, what figuro they made in their world— all this is interesting to us. Here are many ladies admirably shown forth, almost every typo of writing woman, poets, novelists, dramatists, essayists ; Frances Barney, whose " satirical little pen " has not yet lost its virtue, for tho Diary is delightful reading; tho astonishing De Staiil, "the Begum of Literature," with her whito arms, hor turban and her terrifio tongue; that terribly fine young creature, Mrs. Iuclibald, a perma nent typo of the literary adveuturess ; Joanna Baillie, the Scotoh minister's daughter, and "the only woman who has ever written a Creditable tragedy;" Lady Anno Barnard, who gave us the immortal Auld Robin Gray and no more ; Lady Nairn, who wrote the Land o' the Leal; the horrilio Anne Radcliffc, who gavo two generations the shivers; Mrs. Barbauld, Hannah More, "dear Aunt Jane " Austen, the radiant Lady Blessington and others. Clearly, fame of all but the highest order is primarily, and in many oases entirely an affair of fashion. The judgment of tho public seems all but valueless, and that of the accredited critics scarcely better. One is astonished on turning over Mrs. Hamilton's bright pages to read the praises which Dr. Johnson, Sir Walter Scott, Hazlitt, Byron, Landor lavished upon plays, poems ornovels which have lain rotting this many a year on the least accessiblo shelves of the obscurest corner in tho library. Equally clear is it, howevor, that any woman (we are treating only of the gentle sex to-day) who acquired literary fame during her lifetime is at least great in her own genera tion. Whatever may be the general average of intelligence at any period, to be so far in ad- vanoe of it as to become a " popular " author is a very signal distinction. Nearly all of Mrs. Hamilton s ghosts were extraordinarily papular ladies in their day ; many of them every bit as popular (and as sedulously " boomed " by distin guished critics) 03 the tallest literary giants of our own quarter of a century. But what is significant is this, that the very small number of them whose reputa- tions have survived were tho ones who were leastregardedbythcir contemporaries. Mrs. Rad- cliffe was to the full as popular as Mr. Rider Haggard ; and Scott, when be read Joanna Baillie's tragedy of De Montfort, actually wrote in Marmion that "Avon's swans "should deem "their own Shakespeare lived again ;" but Jane Austen did not meet during her lifetime one single critic worthy of her genins. She had "slept in her quiet gravo in Winchester Oathedral " six years when Archbishop Wliately first told the readers of the Quarterly Review what manner of woman sho was. So much for fame, ladies ! ghost l— madame d'arhlay. In a gay opening chapter, Mrs. Hamilton brings Frances Burnoy (Madame d'Arblay) before us. Fame burst all of a sudden upon "Dr. Burney's timid little daughter." She wrote Evelina at 26, followed it up with Cecilia, and was the wonder of tho day. One can imagine her feelings when she hearjl that Johnson could repeat whole pages of Evelina, Sheridan urged her to write a comedy, and society caressed her. Then came the memorable presentation to George III., so delioiously de scribed in tho DiAry, and after that the fivo years of penal servitude at court as keeper of the Queen's wardrobe. Those posts of upper servants at court should always bo reserved for the nobility ; they are not at all fit for persons of genius, and it is rather gratifying than other wise to think that Frances Bui ney made a worso wardrobe keeper than any duchess would linvo done. However, posterity owes a good deal of the Diary to it, so posterity is solfislily glad of Miss Burney's servitude. Rest her gentlo and witty ashes ! she has for sure had hor re venge of Mrs. Schwcllenberg in the shades I We may fairly write her down as the mother of the modern sohool of fiction. GHOST II.— JIRB. INCH BALD. The gay glioBt of Chapter II. was once tho gifted, beautiful and rauoh daring Elizabeth Inchbald, " something between a milkmaid and a lady," wiio would he an actress, and who at the ago of 19, "on 11th April, 1772, early in the morning, loft my mothers house unknown to anyone, oamo to London in the Norwich fly and got lodgings at the Rose and Crown, in St. John-street." Hero com menced a Borios of adventures, generally amusing, but not always striotiy correct, tempored by a diet of " penny rolls and water. A widow at 26, after a mixed experienoo of tho stsgo in London and provinces and cheap lodgings in Franco, she began to play at Covent Gardon at £1 6s. 8d. a week, and three years later she is tha brilliant Mrs. Inohbald, aotress, authoress, wit and beauty, who gets £130 for a faroe, and £900 for a oomedy. Her novols, tho Simple Story (which Maria Edgeworth read three times) and A'aturc uml Art, show adeli- oato and feeling heart, considerable tragic power and often a fine sense of style. Hazlitt con- sulored Jfature and Art one of the most inter esting and patlietia stories ever written." In her declining years, when hor beauty had forsaken uer, and she was living in solitary lodgings saving money for her sister, Madame de Staiil insisted upon meeting her at a third person's house, and asked her why she shunned society. Because I dread the loneliness that will fol low. hat 1 will you feel your solitude more when you return from this company than you did before you came I" . "Yes; ... I have no ono to tell that I have seen you, no one to whom I can repeat the many euoomium3 you Have passed on my Simple Story, no one to "W Of your praises but myself." Sho died J08, repentant and forgetful of the world," though it would bo a hard judgo who would say that she had muoh to repent of. Sho made the world laugh and weep. GHOST HI.— MADAME DE STAEL. . now for the thaumaturgio De Staiil nersolf. .Really one hardly knows, though she utvs beeu dead three-quarters of a century, how to sum up thia extravagant, heroic creature. Her own age seems never to have known exactly what to make of hor# To some great ones she was a delight, to others a terror and a torment. She was certainly one of the personalities of the Luropo of her day, and (&s; with Beaconsfield) it ii as a personality more than as a writer that she Moore dubbed her 44 the Begum of Literature." sud that felicitous nhrasa toiu row® 'than a dozen pages of oriticism of Delphine mid Cortmie. Yot her renown as a writer was European, In Edinburgh 44 learned and scion- tifio men stopped in the Btreots to talk of her new novel. ' Sho was the moat prodigious and quoiiohless talker of her day. Byron complained of tlio time she. sat after dinner — "tho gentle men wished Mrs. Corrino in tho drawiugroom." One bos a vast vision of her still, waving her white arms through tho drawingrooms of Europe, seizing all men by tho button hole, haranguing tho universe oil universal topics. Talleyrand has told how she would burst out thus, without an atom of provocation : " Rise from thy ashes, 0 Rousseau ! and en courage in his careor tho man who, haviugto oontend with the extremity ot misery, aims at securing the perfcot good." Heavens, what a female ! Goethe groans out how " she dashes ill without note or warning, fells you with a club, and tho next minute you must begin piping tunes for her, and jig tticm from subjeet to sub ject. " Napoleon oould not breatlieitlie samo air with her ; she must be banished 40 leagues from Farts. When the Duko of Marlborough, " who had not spoken for three years," henrd that she was coming to Marlborough he cried, " Take me away !" Yet this was a generous and high soulod creature, with a passion for liberty auil incapable of giving pain ; and sho thought tho Lord's Prayer wortli all tiio metaphysics in creation. Perhaps Byron was not far wrong when lie exclaimed, " She would have made a great man !" GHOST IV.— MRS. BARBAFLD. All mention of tho worthy Mrs. Barbauld leaves us, we must oonfess, very cold. We eauuot read her Books for Children, nor tha poem called 1811 (which undoubtedly gave Macaulay his inspiration for tbo famous passago about the New Zealauder) ; but wo would never go so far 89 to approve tho eccentric young man who composed for his private joy an elaborate paper discussing "The Best Way of Putting an End to Mrs. Barbauld's Life." This was, in good sootb, nn admirable and a handfeome woman ; a good classical scholar, the friend and correspondent of many of her most emineut contemporaries; and as for those Books for Children, it were kindly to say with Dr. .Johnson, "To plaut the first idea in a human mind, sir, can be no dishonor to any band." She could read at 2 years old, which was going one year better than Swift ; sho had three or four old lovers, who " never cease to look upon her with nffection as well as admira tion ;" and she lived blamelessly for 82 years, Wordsworth said that he wished he had written these two lines of hers Life ! we have been long together, Through pleasant and through stormy weather. Adieu, adieu, good Barbauld ! GHOST V.— IIA2JXAH MORE. Hannah More is another of Mrs. Hamilton's estimable! to whose works our heart will not warm. Here, nevertheless, is a most pleasing picture of hor, a various woman, Puritan to the roots, infinitely platitudinous as often as she took up the pen, but with lovcabie little lapses into worldiness in her social intercourse. The begins as a girl with her Letters to Depraved Characters, and winds up with her cheap repository traots, of whioh 2,000,000 were sold in one year. In between, we may just note her novel of Calebs in Search of a Wife, whioh has glimpses of a dry wit. Every thing sho wrote "was greeted with flattery and applause " — perhaps not too wisely bestowed. She was at home with the Garrioks and a pet of Johnson's. "\Vo see her beaming in the theatre ono night, and anon hear her mourning over "tbo strawberries which cost £150 at Lady Stormont's breakfast last Saturday." Macaulay called ber his second mother. A thoroughly in teresting and idiosyncratic woman, but, when there is question of her literary works, we must respectfully leg, with tho Duke of Marlborough, to he taken away. SOME SCOTOn GHOSTS. Over thoso rare Scotch songstresses, Lody Anne Barnard and Lady Nairn, we need not delay. Mrs. Hamilton has sketched them both charmingly. We pause only to note a curious virtue (which in some cases, however, amounted to an almost morbid weakness) displayed by many of these bygone ladies of the pen. It was their resolute determination to liido their literary light under a bushel. They shrank from being known nnd applauded as authoresses. Fair Indies, what say you to this? When all the country knew Auld Robin Gray, and the French had translated it, and the Society of Antiquaries were offering a reward of £20 " to anybody who would throw light on thesubjcot," Lady Anno "remained resolutely silent." When Lady Nairn was writing thoso braw Jaeobito songs, the fire of which lias not died in them at this day, she allowed it to be supposed that she was all the while inditing love letters to her sweetheart. STRAIGHT FROM THE OHAIINEL HOUSE. The wido and noisy famo of tho supersensitive Mrs. Radcliffe neod not in any way surprise us. In any day of the sensational novel she would have had a olamorous public. In our own day she would have been no rival of Mr. Stevenson, but she would havo run Mr. Rider Haggard (not in respect of King Solomon's Mines, hut in rcspeot of She) a rather hard race ; sho would havo loft the Hansom Cab manufautnrer nowhere ; and Miss Braddon, nnd certainly Mrs. Henry Wood, would have had to look to their laurels. Mrs. Radcliffe founded tho school of horror, and, within limits, sho was a mistress of it Sho had no wit, no humor and not tho descriptions ; and with groater restraint, a finer technique and a slightly more spiritual imagina tion, sho would bavo surpassed Godwin, and would bavo been at least abreast of La Fann. As it is, we know hor only as a skilful mechanist; and ainoo she herself has let ub into all tho seorcts of her very material oharnol honse, we aie not In tho least afraid of her. Still wo fancy that she tells them an occasional good ghost story on the other side of Styx, though we have no doubt that, amongst that " posthumous numauity, Jane Au3ten makes as much fun of her as ever. GHOSTS ALL AND SUNDRY. 9 <3 hers, and Mrs. Hamilton would tain interest us in the author of Father DawjfUcr ; but, indeed, we do not think a penny tho better of Sir James Macintosh foe contusing to tears over those sentimental pages. x et the lachrymose Opie was lachrymose only JJ? r . copy smart circles adored her as a lorn Moore m petticoats. Little tender- hearted, honest Miss Mitford, what shall we say of her. She kept a Micawber of a father in pocKet money ; she wrote Ritiizi, whioh was acted at Drury Lane; and Our Viltaiju (not a play), which baa passages as delicate stafld close to Cowper as a letter writer; she wiu eulogised by Kings- " . the single eye, the daughter of light ; she lived a long life of whole souled devotion to others, and nobody ever had the heart to tell her that she once went to an evening party with the shop ticket hanging from the border of her brand new even- ing It la less than 40 years since flights of angels sang Misa Mit- tord to her rest. Maria Edgeworth fills tho chapter after Mrs. Radcliffe. Eos modern criticism anything to say to the elaborately moral Maria? It cannot quite P3?3 er if Castle Rackrent be acknow- ot bue large iamiiy ot Irish novels, and we believe it may lay I? 2? dktinction. But Maria herself, and all the 47 volumes that she ventured her name to, are nebulous existences at this day. We can still read the Essay on Bulls and Blunders, , which she wrote in collaboration with her father (Maria'3 relations with her father are a part of the romance ot letters ; he was to her what George HenryLewes was to George Eliot), but we deny her any touch of genius; and the Moral lales, which appear to havo given her sueh place as she has in letters, we could not never think of as fit for anything but parody. Mr. Barnaul might deal with the pick of them as he dealt with Saruiford and Merton. The author of Sandford and Merton, by the way, was a friend of Maria's ingenious rather. Macaulay praised Tier at the dinner table Moore called her "delightful,"ond Byron mentions her in his Diary as "a nice little unassuming Jeanie.. Deans looking body. ber conversation as quiet as herself." And she was tho lioness of London the year after Byron had been its lien. Wo must leave the rest of Mrs. Hamilton's entertaining ghost3 — Sydney Owenson (Lady Morgan) whose story is so much more captivat ing than her stories ; Joanna Baiilie, who would write plays with a purpose, and whom Scott himself could cot immortalise; Susan Ferrier, of whom Christopher North wondered where in heaven she picked up her knowledge of the world, and whom incautious admirers have called " the Scotch Jane Austen," and Lady Blessington, who made £3000 a year by a pen which in these days would have been worth about £2 a week to her in Mr. Yates's column of What the World Says. — Daily Chronicle. 