A ROMANTIC STORY. The Paris correspondent of a London paper relates the following: The gossips of Paris are now just full of one of those romances in real life on which they love to dwell. Not long ago there died at Versailles an aged nobleman named Thiac, who enjoyed the distinction of being the last admirer of Marie Antoinette, whose memory he worshipped up to his last day. The passage of another unfortunate Queen through Paris a week ago has brought to light another similar case. Like the wife of Louis XVI,, the Queen of to-day referred to has her anonymous ad mirer, whose love, although not attached to a shadow as was that of the iate M. cfe Thiac, is none the lesB without hope, aB will be seen from the details which follow, and for some of which I am indebted to a writer in the Matin, " appears that about a twelvemonth ago *be Comte de P--, a young nobleman of ancient family, gay, good-looking, and witty, possessing a large .fortune, and, in addition, betrothed to a handsome young lady of title, suddenly deserted the fashionable salons of which he was one of the most brilliant fre quenters, and, without informing either his parents or friends, set out for a long voyage. It was discovered /that he had embarked at Marseilles for an unknown destination, but that wbb all. _ Of the cause of his abrupt de parture nothing could be ascertained. For several months he was the talk of the town, but eventually he became forgotten, and it was only recently that his name again turned up in society. It now appears that at the time when the papers were taken up with the conjugal misfor tunes of the Queen in question, the count, like many other persons, followed with great inter est the events which were happening in her country. Moved by a chivalrous sentiment he did not fail to espouse her cauBe, which bad aroused the sympathy of the French. He made her acquaintance by means of the num erous portraits and biographies published of . r'j 'k was that, when she was repud iated by her husband and sought refuge in a foreign exile, the count in a spirit of curiosity easy to understand, resolved to camp across ner in order to see for once in his life the unhappy Queen in whose fate he felt so much concern. After many attempts he at lenglh met her at Fontainebleau one day when she was out in an open carriage. The red costume which she wore accentuated the paleness of her features, while her large black eyes over-flowed with sad but sweet melancholy. Her beauty made a deep impressjon on the young count. Perhaps at that moment he recalled to mind the sublime devotion of those heroes of another age, when a glance from their sovereign sufficed to inspire tbem with the courage necessary for the accom plishment of great and glorious deeds. In any case, from tbat moment the character of the count changed completely without anybody knowing the motive. His name, fortune, and situation became insupportable to him Bince the royal lady of his heart could not share them. Despairing of ever obtaining her favours, he conceived the idea, quixotic but generous, of conseoratmg all he had to the organisation of a popular movement which would regain for her the throne of which she had been violently deprived. But the idea was never carried out. Why, nobody can say. Perhaps, "ke a sensible man, he ultimately perceived the ridiculous and impracticable side of such an adventure, and blamed himself for indulging in such an audacious dream; perhaps alBO, some unexpected deception Btopped short Mb gallant ardour. At the end of a voyage, destined to make himself forgotten, the count characteristically returned to Paris, and, renouncing his name, friends, the pleasures of the world, and the brilliant position to whiob he was entitled, shut himself up in a small apartment on the left bank of the Seine. From that date his apart ment has been turned into a veritable museum §of souvenirs relating to the young and unhappy ueen on whom He had fixed his affections. esides numerous portraits and biographies and books connected with her history, the count possesses a collection of other objectB, the majority of no value to the profane, but precious to him, which he has Bpared no pains In acquiring at often fabulous prices. All these cherished mementoes are carefully labelled and catalogued and shut up in cupboards, the doors of which are opened only when, discouraged and despairing, he feels the want of placing himBelf in communication with the relics of his fair love to oheer and strengthen him. During his leisure hours he has written his memoirs, in which he describes his secret and fruitless affection for the Queen, accompanied by notes of a certain historical value, all com posed in picturesque language. Two volumes are already finished, and will be published, but when, nobody, not even himself, knows. Some fragments of them, however, have been shown to the writer in the Matin, who says they are Bincere and touching, and interesting from many points of view, They contain, too, curious analysis of the singular passion which has taken possession of him, and which is as deep and as fervent as ever, in spite of the hopelessness of ever realising it. Rarely does he leave his apartment, and when be does it is merely to take a short stroll in the gardens of the Luxembourg, So changed is he that his most intimate friends of yore fail to recognise him as he walks along wrapped in thought, with bis eyes dull and sunken and his face as pale as a ghost. At times he will draw from his breast pocket a small golden locket and gaze on its contents-the portrait of the Queen whom he has vowed to worship till his last dying moments, after which it will be placed in his cofhn on his heart. 