UNDER SENTENCE IN NORFOLK ISLAND. AUTHENTIC RECORDS. ——♦♦♦—— No. 10. THE BITER BITTEN. Fitziminons was not troubled again by his tormentors, the two constables. It did not suit Ward's scheme that they should be pry- ing about the house, and they got a quiet hint from one of the highest officials not to bother the old hutkeeper any more. During the succeeding day on which he paid his visit to the convict boatman, Ward was exceedingly busy. He visited no less than six of the out lying shepherd prisoners, and won upon them to such an extent — by the aid of a glib tongue and tobacco — that they each promised to visit Fitzimmons' hut that night, armed with the password. He even made arrange- ment whereby Hendrick found himself at liberty to join the conspirators, and complete the secret circle. Ward had, in fact, gone to the command- ant, and told him an untruthful story about having discovered the beginning of a serious plot, and he named certain convicts con- cerned in it. He asked— so that matters might be brought to a crisis— that these men be allowed aa much liberty as possible, in order that they might attend the rendezvous, and his request was at once granted. The hutkeepers and shepherds were most- ly in a position to move about at night, al- though it was not allowed, but a man belong- ing to the prison gang like Hendrick was in a different position. As it was necessary that he should attend the conspirators meet- ing, he wan told off as a night patrol amongst that section of the forest hutkeepers in which Fitzimmons' dwelling lay. At eight o'clock on the night of April the 4th, 1847, nine men were assembled in Fitz- immons' hut. They were convicts Hendrick, Meyrick, Fitziminons, Evans, Haddon, Luke, McKinley, Carter, and free boatman Ward. They had reached the place in a stealthy manner, and it was evident that the gather- ing was for no good purpose. Each of them gave the hutkeeper the password — 'Wild Tobacco,' when they came to the door. With the exception of Meyrick, who had received it from Hendrick after the latter's interview with Ward, the felons had all got the watch word from the boatman. The evening was terribly wild and stormy. Such a one us when Tam O'Shanter took the road to Kirk Alloway in, when — 'A child that night might understand The deil had business on his han.'' The comfortless interior of the squalid hut with the darkness made visible by a 'dip' light did not add cheerfulness to the anxious and gloomy faces of the occupants. When the last man entered Fitzimmons secured the door with a beam of wood, and they all sat around a ricketty table on some rude benches, Hendrick was the first to break the silence by alluding to the business which had brought them together. 'You know, men, why we have come here, I suppose,' he began ; 'we want to free our selves from misery and cruelty. We were bad enough off a month ago, but now we are much worse. The little privileges which made our hard lot bearable have been with- drawn, and we are worse than any slaves on earth. For my part I cannot stand it any longer. If I fail in obtaining freedom I shall be hanged, of course, but that is better than being slowly flogged to death, and I see no reason why a general rising should fail.' 'There is not the slightest doubt of suc- cess if everyone pulls together,' broke in Ward. 'If the plot is properly laid it can not fail, and by striking the blow quickly it will be all the better, for the authorities do not dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwood's Rising. ' ' Aye, we must move with caution, said Fitzimmons. ' Westwood's revolt was well planned, and yet it did not succeed. We have crafty men to deal with, who have power behind them, and it will take a great blow to break it.' 'The January rising was a perfect bungle,' replied the boatman, warmly. 'Why did they not get the prisoners at Longridge and Cascade to join them. The settlement would be in their hands now if that had been done. It allowed the major and commandant to get reinforcements from these places, instead of being obliged to send for assistance to them. At Longridge there was only twenty eight men to guard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military there could have been swept away like chaff before the wind had the convicts wished. The same could have been done by the four hundred prisoners at Cas- cade, and the thousand men thus liberated could have swept down on the rear of the barracks at Sydney Bay, and snapped up its few defenders. Nothing could have pre- vented it. Less than two hundred men would have been hemmed in between two thousand desperate convicts, fighting for life and liber- ty, and nothing short of a miracle could have saved the authorities. I tell you if a general rising is arranged at all the prisons, it must succeed.' The arguments of Ward seemed to have considerable effect on his auditors, who list- ined to him with breathless interest. At length Meyrick said, 'What, would you suggest, sir, as a good plan to adopt?' 'First of all it will be necessary to get all the leading and trustworthy convicts on your side. Between you all that ought to be easily done. You each know some of the prisoners who can be trusted, and they in turn will nnow others who will be faithful. Thus the plot will widen out like a watery circle until it embraces all worth having. Of course, when you get a majority of the prisoners on your side the minority will have to follow. In the meantime the details of the plan must be arranged and confided to your friends, who will carefully spread it around. When that is done— and as soon as possible after, to prevent the possibility of a waverer turning traitor— a suitable occasion must be fixed for the general rising. I think a good plan would be to set fire to, say the Cascade prison, at night. The chief officers would hurry there from Sydney Bay and Longridge stations with all the available hands they could muster, and then the rising could take place at those places. During the confusion of the fire at Cascade most of the prisoners could escape and assemble in some appointed place. If a small guard were placed over the convicts to prevent escape, it would be a very simple matter to overpower it. The de- tails could be arranged beforehand. I am only giving a general outline of what would be a good plan.' Ward spoke this with an earnestness that appeared to be sincere, and as if warming up with the theme, he added, — ' I suppose most of you will wonder why I, who am a free man, should suggest such a plot as this to you. I'll soon tell you. First ly, I am in disgrace, and don't care how soon I leave this place, but that is not the reason I am risking my life to-night. I hate the accursed convict system. In Van Die- man's Land I have two brothers wearing out their lives in penal servitude, although they are innocent of any crime. They were con- victed in Dublin on the evidence of a ruffian- ly informer named O'Malley, and sentenced to transportation for life. I have sworn to rescue them, and for that purpose I managed to get a situation as boatman at the prison of Port Arthur in Van Dieman's Land. When 1 was there a few weeks the superintendent found out by some means who I was, and I was at once sent here. I have been dissatis- fied ever since, and having seen the cruelties of the system I am more than ever anxious to release my brothers. As I cannot do it by remaining here, I am glad of the removal that awaits me, and for the sake of my suffer- ing relatives I with to assist those who are similarly placed.' The free boatman had a glib tongue, and was doing most of the talk. His last speech would have been excellent had it been true, but it had the trifling drawback of being false fromn beginning to end. With the exception of one person the whole of his listeners re- garded it as gospel, and began to look upon Ward as little interior to a saint, a real mes- senger of good tidings. When, as if overcome by the sympathetic feelings which the me mories of his brothers evoked, he followed up the recital with a plug of tobacco all round, their gratitude knew no bounds. Al- though naturally suspicious, the convicts were thrown off their guard and completely hoodwinked by the wily informer — all but one, and that was Meyrick. That felon sat regarding the boatman with a strange and ominous fire in his eyes. The feeble light did not permit Ward to see his face closely, or he might have taken alarm. The man seemed to be evolving old recollections, and gradually his countenance became convulsed with passion and his hands twitched nerv- ously. As Ward rose to go, he, with a power- ful effort, regained a measure of compos- ure. 'We will all meet here the evening after to-morrow,' said the boatman as he left them, the understanding being that each should depart separately. A storm was rag- ing outside, and the free boatman made his way towards the chief prison, muttering as he went. 'It's fairly started, but I must get a couple of dozen more in before I have them nabbed.' When he had passed the door of the hut Meyrick went to it, and peered out into the darkness after him. He was soon lost in the gloom, but still the man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up the forest, and re- vealed Ward making for the settlement. Then he closed the door carefully, and after securing it walked to the table and took his former seat. His face was rigid and white, so much so that even the obtuse convicts noticed it. 'Have you seen a ghost?' asked Hend- rick, that being supposed to be the popular cause of frightening people at night. 'Would to God it was that and nothing more I had seen,' replied Meyrick in a solemn voice. 'I have seen the ghost of former days certainly, but that is not half so fearful as the reality of the present. I may as well tell you, men, that we are all lost. Nothing can save us.' ' Are we watched ?' exclaimed the convicts starting to their feet in affright. ' How are we lost ?' ' I don't think we are watched yet, but I am sure that by to-morrow morning the com- mandant will know that each of us was here, and everything that passed, with a good deal that never passed.' ' You don't mean to say that Mr Ward is a spy, surely ?' they asked. ' I do ; and I can tell you more. His name is not Ward at all, but Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The story he told us about his brothers is all false, but if he had not said it I would probably never have recognised him, although I thought there was something about him familiar to me. When he mentioned O'Malley I knew him at once, although he is greatly changed. He is the most diabolical villain that walks the earth to-day. Listen for a few minutes and I will tell you who our new found friend is that even now is weaving the rope to hang us.' "In the beginning of 1840 I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before me. I felt like many another patriotic Irish- man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to see her independent. I was a member of a club called 'Erin's Band.' It was an harmless sort of an affair, where a number of young fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting the deeds and ancient glory of Hibernia. Towards the end of the year I mention, one Michael Mal ley was admitted a member, and became very popular with his club fellows. I saw at once that he was a firebrand and took a dislike to him, which he cordially reciprocated. Day after day he insidiously incalculated the doc- trine of force into the impressionable and fiery young men. He almost worked the society into a revolutionary body, and at last the crash came. A conflict with a body of military took place between them and a number of the club men. I was amongst the latter, and tried hard to prevent the disturb- ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley came out in his true colors. He was a paid Government informer, and aware enough to hang us. Nine tenths of his evidence was false. Acts that he had committed were attributed to me, and the end who that myself and four other members of the club were sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during the trial that O'Malley had been an informer for several years, but his last exploit would have cost him his life had he not been spouted away by the authorities. My companions and my self were sent to Port Arthur prison, and a few months after I was transferred here. The fact of those poor men being there may have had something to do with O'Malley's removal to this place, for it was currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt the informer accepted it as true. You will judge by this what sort of a man we have to deal with. I am sure he is in league with the officials, and this is a 'put up' job.' The deluded conspirators sat and looked at the speaker, but for a time their tongues were dumb. At length Hendrick said, — " I can see we have been led into a trap, but it's not too late yet to get out of it. Ward will be here in a couple of nights, and I don't think he suspects anything. We can deal with him then.' The other men said nothing, but as they left the hut and went out into the darkness of the raging storm, occasionally lit up by the lurid flashes of lightning, their looks spoke more eloquently than words of the more awful storm of passionate revenge which was tossing their hearts. Punctual to time on the night appointed the conspirators met at Fitzimmons' hut again. Ward was unusually elated, for he had met with much success that day amongst certain of the convicts, and the plot was ripen- ing fast. He gave the assembled felons an elaborate plan of the various prisons, and de- tailed certain points which it would be neces- sary to observe. He also informed them that transports were expected in a fortnight's time, and it would be necessary to carry out the conspiracy before they came. It was nearly ten o'clock when he left the plotters, and the night was unusually dark. He did not go alone, for Meyrick said he would accompany him a short distance to wards his own destination. They had not got fifty feet from the hut when Hendrick, Evans, and Haddon opened the door and silently followed them into the sombre for est. 'Have you seen Ward lately, Daniels?' the civil commandant asked the major three days after the second meeting in Fitzimmon's hut, as he met him in the outer yard. ' I have not. Is he missing?' ' He has not been seen at his quarters for three days, and that is suspicious. The work he is engaged on is rather hazardous,' said the commandant. ' I think it would be advisable to send out a search party after him. You have a good idea, I suppose, where he might have met with foul play,' returned Major Da- niels. 'Yes, If he does not appear to day I will have a search made tomorrow.' The free boatman did not appear, and a rigid search was made in the vicinity of Fitz- immons' hut at first, and then in every part of the inland, but without any trace of the missing man being found. Two days after, whilst the reef gang were at work in Sydney Bay, an object came floating towards them, rising and falling with the waves. As it came closer it was discovered to be the hideous body of a man, which was scarcely identifiable, as that of William Waters, free boatman, alins Michael O'Malley, informer. The doctor found that the skull was frac- tured, and the supposition was that the man had first been struck down, rendered insen- sible, and thrown into Sydney Bay. The commandant tried hard to find the murder- ers by offering a free pardon to any accom- plice who would inform, but it was in vain, although he shrewdly suspected who the murderers were. Years afterwards, when Meyrick was on his death bed at the convict station in West Australia, he confessed to having struck the fatal blow, and helped to throw the body into the sea. The 'Wild Tobacco Plot' only brought disaster to its originator, Next week the Records will be continued under the title of 'Mad Theodore.' This will describe a tragic and extraordinary event that took place at Cascade Prison in the be- ginning of 1847. 