jr. . z — : t:. , — — csx.3 J>TT E.Y. (By the U' rlcxkk.) Ill TiiEcomplex|eonundruni which Yass presents, to-day, to him or her who visits it, is why on ear:!; should Dutton-streel (wherein folk-; least do congiegrito) have bet n selected .is the line aloiu: which the tiamway was to run? Tim scice.i,- ev.dcndy meant' liiat the tram was net to be-.i means ot eommutiioarion between North and South Yass, but only one between the Ram\ay -nation and 1 he southern most end ot the town. A big mistake, inv masters, but one that will yet have to be unified. It was a groat thing to vet the connection between the railway station and die town ; and Tom j Coils who won it against what at first seemed overwhelming odds deserves a big old wh-tci: of. AC. v. . It's not his fault that the tram //;;.- war badly chosen, and that the operation of the present tramserviee is about as negative a boon to Yassites as can well nigh be eon- ceiv.id by even the town's champion pessimist (whom I won't name for tear of ructions.) Years ago, the C-urier prognosticated that when the branch line (tendered necessary by the then Government's idiotic determination not to bring the main southern extension through- Yass proper) was constructed (as it is, to-day) it would be found thai the cost thereof had exceeded the amount pretended to have been saved by oiiginally giving the '.own the go-by. Ami the prognostication has come true! Ne'er was .town so badly treated — only had Tom Coils ir.cn its member instead of red-lapie.il Miek Filxpatrick there would 1 have been no need for a tram, nor ever, tor the services of Colossal Coach of litis Homispheic, to wit, Barry's because the j I railway station would have been in the town. I 1 The present working of the tram can't be i j heat fir unsaiuiactoririess, and the fclh-w who I ! devised it ei.i ; ainl;, deserves tin: crumpet lot his j | cor, ipicnous talent in the bureaucratic art of //«:< j j 1, -.-to- do-it. No day set vice ! (..'wise economic j j dovi-'er ! Cnreiul provision against country | t finks being able -o ut iliac the tram with a view j I ot making puidiases. etc., in Yass I O thought. ! fill respecter of Syd.iei.1n interests I Splendid j arrangement by which the process: of parcei I dcliveiy shall no abncntully lengthened even t beyond the manner in which it might be achieved were it conducted by a staff of hope lessly crippled foot-earrieis ! O brilliant or ganiser. worthy of promotion to greascrhood's chief pinnacle. But, it is quite too good to last. Ol course, bureaucratic " cocksureness " will in :-ist on it that the present tramservice ! art angoment : realise the absolute ideal of 'per- J lent excellence, b bom Cells will yji let then-! know thai that; eoek won't fight — that i Yass doesn't want any such yrf-.t ,x.-,tl,-u,e j only such a reasonable c>mt'oi table convenient j working of the tramline as will help to com pensate Yassites for years of injustice on the j pint of tin: cnncoctors of run railway policy, 't !.e iron bridge, just above what used in he j tailed Moses-!, and later 011 Ililly's crossing, I is ot exceptionally neat design, (duly it's 111 , the. wrong place. It should have been put up j along side Hume Bridge, so that the trams ' might have earned many a modest " tuppence ' : b\ affording doting the daytime pleasant com i munie.ition bei ween North and South Yass, I "i-ng ili- -nr. wain artery By the way, talking of Hume Bridge, it thing: inanimate could sue for slander "what an action //would halve against ihc Svd>nv Mail for the recent crude sketch of it published 1:1 F'lt m-i-1, inartistic of colonial journal-:. The tram icrminus is at " Mewhaddon " (er-t i he residence ot the late Mis. Brigstock a Christian . ; A woman if over there was one; — ii could hardly have been at a less suit able sight. It should have abutted on to the Southern end of Cooma-street. But a truce to these train should-hare-be'.oxr. The thing for Vassifcs to do now is to agitate for such a reform of the local t-amserviee as shall teach the numskull bureaucrat who concocted it, that /;.- is not 'lie Works Depaitment, but only an expensive and unnecessary appendage to it. He imagines himself the dog, whereas he is only the tail, endeavouring in a feeble futile, manner to wag the dog. Flo "must be taught to see tiiis. The Gas Works are situated at the river end of IJutton-slreei, but not quite .above big flood level. Let us hope the experiences of 1S70 will not he repealed. Yass in 'large measure owes its gas illumination system to its excel lent Mayor, .the goo-head Coc-n, who. in the line of .Mayor.-., about as tactful and ener getic as they rnaicc em. 1 like a Mayor who intelligently desires to magnify his office be cause a believer in full local self-government ; who can hold a lead worthily and ably in pub lic matters ; who is no respecter of persons; who docs his icvei best 10 further impartially not only every municipal interest but every lmncst interest in the municipality — such an one nice \ assites out of every ten you meet declare Coen to Dc, Therefore, say 1. " Mnvor Coc-n, gentlemen, with all the honors if you please '' The old building, once .Moses's hostelry, and later on Jiiily's, and then subsequently the Yass Grammar Schoul is in a very dilapi dated condition. Once it was said to be .'taunted i;y the ghost of one miserably done to death in thefoid-limc- "bar ;" it certainly looks as it u were haunted now. The creen in front, once t he scene of many a smartly contested cricket and football match, looks quiet enough now. Many of t he old scholars arc doing good work in the world. Some few have fallen on the way ; and some have passed in their cheques. So wags the world ! It seems strange that' no local effort was ever made to establish a proprietary Grammar School. With a good business manager to arrange the financial side of things such insti tutions pay well ; moreover thc-y bring a lot of money to the iown and tend to keep the working of the rival State school up to the mailt. The new Yass Hospital is quite a model place architecturally : not that it is aestheti cally, but ably designed to definite sanitary ends. It is well managed, and I've been told that: at committee meetings the members actually do business, and don't wrangle nor threaten fisticuffs or blackthorns I Yass hos pital meetings in the old days were often rather "mixed," occasionally somewhat re sembling that gathering of the society upon the Stanisias whereat (as your readers will remember) Abner Dean,' of Angel's, raised a point of order vehen, a chunk of old redsand stone took him in the abdomen : and he smiled a kind of sickly smile and curled up on the floor, and the subsequent proceedings interested him no more. Honor is due to " Promulgator " Triggs, methinks, for that creation of his, the non- paying patients' relief fund. 'Tis an admirable scheme and one ill.-. t o.iuM hospital iiinuHa.n! . ivoui.i 0.1 ,v: ; !u unit-it:.'. Only Dr. Campbell, of l he Yass doctor-, ()| a score of years back, remains — and lie ranks as emeritus. Morgan O'Connor is in Wagga. Isidore Maurice Blake sleeps well, life's fiiful fever over. And Michael Perry, are not his name and qualifications in daily evidence in the advertising columns of. many journals greatly to good Dr. Creed's indignation. j If Yass owes a debt of gratitude to any man | for persistent endcavous during many years to 1 improve and beautify the town, it owes a | colossal one to that keen, alert, clerical oilmiv j iscr, the Very Rev. Dean O'Keeffc, to whom I most respectfully take off .my hat as act ot homage to a sturdy consistent worker. The ' second Founder of Si. Augustine's, the first j Founder of the Convent of Mount: Carmel, I Dean O'Keeffc has writ his name large in Yass ; and I prophecy that should lie get the pro motion he has so well earned he will go (as the krench say )/ar; In the first pages' of this paper 1 spoke of the musical qualities of 5ft. Augusiinc-'s hell (originally obtained as a memorial of dear old Father L.ovalt). One of the first functions that bell was called on to perfoim was to toil for the death of Father Duigan (Dean O'Keeffe's predecessor), a young man cut down in the promise of his manhood. , Very solemnly jciid . that tolling' speak, as one wrote at the lime : — Boll 1 liou iHi.sf a solemn clangor Tolling for a spirit fled, (juellim.- life's tumultuous throbbing With thy moaning for the (lend. Of all the hells I ever listened to, I nevei heard one that had such a pathos, such a sob (as it were) in its tone of lamentation, its unset e/i -like wail when tolling for the dead. .. (To ho continued.) 