?\\)t _-5ijïiitcç ¿Horning Straft. TUESEAT, JülYl5, -1S92. Intense excitement prevails at Broken Hill re- garding the miners' strike, and there is a foaling that tho struggle will be a bitter one. i A MABs mooting oí miners waa hold yesterday. In addressing them Mr. Sleath said they were ready to submit to arbitration at any rHomemt. A meeting of citizens -waa hold at Broken Hill yesterday for the purpose of devising somo moans whereby tho troubla might bo terminated. A motion was carried advising tho Associated Mino Owners to arrange a conference with tho mon. ' In tho afternoon the men on strike were enrolled, and wcro found to number about fiOOO. They woro divided into shifts for pioket service. ' Tim master butohors of the town have been not!Sod by the Stork Salesmen's Association that tho termB of salea will bo absolutely cash. Sovoral wholesale grocors and warehousemen have also announcod their intention of only selling for cash, believing that this will have much to do with bringing tho dispute to a speedy Bottlomont. Yesterday orders woro given for tho dosing of tho Junction mino, which is not inoluded in the Barrier Ranges Mino Owners' Association. This has causod much surprise. A HE-TIN- of the Mino Owners' Association waa hold in Melbourne yesterday when tho tolegraiiiB from Mr. Sleath and tho Mayor of Broken Hill wcro considered. It was decided to adhere to tho determination previously announcod. At a mooting of the Cabinet hold yesterday tho position of affairs at Broken Hill was disouBsod. At present it is not anticipated that there will be any necessity to increase authoritative powers for tho prevention of breachos of tho peace. In Russia tho cholera continuos to spread, tho mortality being very groat. Sev_R-_ faction fight«, resulting in injury to many persons, have taken placo in Ireland. Afh_ his resonó by tho polioo from tho vengoanco of a Parnollito mob in Liinoriok Mr. ' "William O'Brien fled secretly from tho town. On Sunday Mr. Dibbs was tho guest of Lord Salisbury at Hatfiold House. The other guests present wcro the Duke of Edinburgh, tho King of Roumania, and tho Princo of Hohonzollorn. Oxtoiid won the annual cricket match againtt tho Cambridge University by five wiokots. In East Africa tho Gormans aro importing Chineeo and Coolio labour. The United Stetes Customs receipts have de- creased by 42,000,0-Odol. for the fiscal year. It is «doubtful whether Mr. Stewart's Iron Coinage of Silver Bill will pass tho United States House of Représentatives this session. M. Loewy, a diamond merchant,- has .norn mittod suioide in Paris, leaving defalcations in bia accounts to tho extent of £130,000. The report of an outbreak of oholcra a BrindiBi is unverified. The South Australian Shops and Factories Commission has concluded its labours and for- warded ita report to the Government. , Yestehday 20 mon employed at the Australian Koroseno Oil Mineral Company's shale mines at Katoomba struck work in conseqiienoo of a dis- agreement in regard to tho weighing of shale. In No. 2 Jury Court yeB'corday the jury in the action M'Manua v. M'Swoeny, which wbb under the Employers' Liability Act, returned a verdiot for the plaintiff for £450. Mb. Lyne and the membors of Parliament who visited tho rabbit country returned to Sydnoy yesterday morning. Yebteiu>ay Sir Julian Salomons concluded his address to tho jury for tho plaintiff in the Bare Island Fort case. To-day tho jury will pay another visit to tho fort, and to-morrow tho Chief Justico will sum up. Dunn;- last wook the duty paid at the Stamp Duties Offioo on probates and letters of adminis- tration amounted to ¿15,127 11s. An action was commenced yesterday by the Hon. Daniel O'Connor against Markham Evans, for the recover}' of £5000 for alloged libel in regard to certain statements made concerning the purohaso of a lease of Brown's stables. Yesterday Mrs. G. Lilly was run over and cut to pieces by a train at the Marrickville railway station. A oi__ named Ada Kondall died at Albury on Sunday from the offoota of bums caused by her olothos catching tiro. Yesterday the Marine Board initiated an in- quiry into the circumstances surrouding the col- lision between the horse-ferry boat Barangaroo and the Government steamer Lilian on the 11th June. Tho master of the Barangaroo was partly examined, but owing to the non-attendance of the master of the Lilian the inquiry w as adjourned for a week. Yestebday boincr tho 4th of July, Mr. Alex- ander Cameron, Acting Unitod States Consul, hold a reception in his apartmont, Berosford chumbors. Last night Mr. S. E. Loos, M.L.A., addressed ,he electors at Penrith. He Bpoko in unmeasured terniB of the hann dono by tho imposition of pro- tective duties, and predicted tho ilofcat of tho Government whou it nicols Parliament. , Ives, tho smallpox p-iticnt nt tho Brisbano Qnirautiuo Station, died ou Sunday, tho diseo-o having taken a moiit virulent form. Tun Oroya's passengers who woro quamntmod on Torrens Islaud, South Aubtralia, woro liborotod yesterday morning. Mn. See arrived at Moama yesterday, and in tho evoning was entertaiuod at a banquot. TnE Customs receipts yostordny amounted to £14,387. Towards this tho 10 per cent, ad, valorem duty contributed £1803, and the 15 per cent. £28S. In tho prosence of llio serious danger impending at Broken Hill of a piolongod stoppage of work in -our groat silver mines, it would bo to littlo profit to recall tho stngus which havo led up to this criticaKposition. "\Vo noto that at a moeting of tho townspeople, which was hold yesterday, tho opinion was expressed that both sidos had acted with precipitation. The opinion will pro- bably be generally concurred in that both sides havo failed to tako tho means open to thom to exhaust all conciliatory moans to obtain a sottloment boforo proceeding to the last extremity. Anothor question which it is profitless to discuss is the right of tho two sides to tako the course they have respectively taken. "Wo must admit as unreservedly the right of the mine owners to alter the method of working and of paying for work in thoir mines as we do thorightof thomento declare whother thoy choose to work on tho now terms or not. Tho practical question is not as to tho right, but as to the wisdom and the foresight shown by tho aotion taken. The question raised by tho owners might well have formed thesubjeotof conference with tho mon, though it is doubtful if it does not lio quite outsido tho scope of any usoful application of the principle of arbitration. The directors might havo done well to havo met représentatives of the men in conference. The men would havo done well had they ,takou tho advico ot somo of their best irionds, shown moro deliberation before deciding, and been less onlhusiastio in answoring the summons to immediato war utterod by their leaders. Tho deplorably unfriendly relations which too ofton exist between employer and employed, the absenco of any sonso of mutual oblifration and 'of amicable co-oporation, tho readiness to at onco rupturo ali ties and to proceed at .a step to the last extroinitios, could hardly be i inore painfully illustrated than by the courso of actjou which has paralysed the industry of our great silver Held, and reduced a flourishing town to tho danger of distress and ruin. The practical question is what, if anj'thing, can be done to pro vent the realisation of this great peril. Certainly the omens appear as inauspicious as thoy could possibly be. Tho directors of the different mines haye evidently acted in concert in determining ou the change from day labour to the contract system. They havo had the matter before tkein for somo time" aud, as prudent business men, must, "bo taken to havo entered upon thoir course with a clear foresight of its possible consequences and a readiness to accept them. A general strike against the chango was obviously pno of these possibilities, and the direotors cannot bo supposed to havo failed to anticipate it. Our news this morning shows that the preparations made for suspending work in tho Proprietary mine aie looally viewed as suggesting that the strike was fully foreseen and propared for. On the other hand, in deciding with so little consideration to rush at onoe to tho ex trome step of a general strike the men must soo that thoy aro repoating a course which in this colony in late years has seldom or never been taken without issuing in defeat and disastor to ¿ho strikers. They can derive no encouragement from a strike record of almost unvarying loss and calamity. They aro told by their leadei s as usual that thoy " are in a botter position to fight than they have ever boen beforo," but it is difficult to see any authority for this sanguine assurance. Our latest news from the place lends it no support. We aro by this told that all the tradesmen of the town find themselves compelled to refuse all credit, and to insist on cash payment ; and also that owing to tho late scarcity of water and its consequence, irregularity of employment, the pecuniary resources of the minors are very restricted. This is not a promising prospect for ontering into a struggle which is" undertaken with such levity and en.'-ornoss. Doubtless much of this readiness on the part of tho men comos from their knowledge of the precarious condition of portions of tho Proprietary mino, though whether they have drawn the correct conclusion from these data has 3ret to bo seen. It is by no means an improbable conjecturo that the company is not unwilling for a time io su-pond mining while tho requisite measures aro taken to place the great mino in 'a condition of security. But howover it has como about, hero we have the position that after all the disastrous experience of tho last few years of the general waste and ruin caused by trade conflicts,' after all the information exhaustively collected, by Boyal Commissioners, and all tho con- ciliatory legislation passed by Parlia- ment, we aro,, directly a difference of opinion occurs between emploj'ors and men, plunged at once in the ultimate expe- dient of a strike, supplemented, it seems,' by accessory lock-outs. In spite of all that has been loarned, we havo progressed no further towards pacific means of settling this class of questions, but have at once to rush into the rough bludgeon work of a strike by way of testing which has tho power of longest endur- ance-tho waste and impoverishment of capital, or the suffering of hungry workers and the starvation of thoir wives and children. This state of things is indeed a satire upon our progress and a shame to our civilisation. Surely it is not too much to hopo that oven yet no effort will be omitted by oither side to deviso some method of coming to a friendly com- promise by which all this reckless waste and cruel wretchedness may be averted, i Thore is ono point upon which it is not desirable to say much now, but upon which it is necessary to touch. No consideration arising out of the rights or wrongs of this disputo goes in any degroo to weakon the serious re- sponsibility devolving upon the Executive Government lo take, and to take without delny, nil needlul precautions for tho maintenance of public order, the security of property, and " tho freedom of citizens, So far from this responsibility being in any way lessened by tho distance of Broken Hill norn the capitel, it is as a consequence of that condition and the local circumstances boriously increased. There is not thore a largo population of law-abiding citizens ready to come to the aid ot the law and to assist in maintaining order. L'or thoir security the numerical minority must necessarily roly upon the powers of the State at the command of tho Government, and though any needless display of force would bo much to be deprecated, a grave responsibility would 'arise should the securities of order and safety and freedom prove inadequate to the demands made upon thom. And whon wo read of tho state of things now existing iu the town, and the of nood of a pass from tho minors to allow anyone to make his way to the mines, the question how soon an emergency may arise to call this responsibility into activity is a vory imminent ono. The rovo-uo tables last publishod show a return for tho quarter of £2,857,000, which is at the rate of £11,428,000 a year. Tlie question is, How much further is this growth of revonuo togo? In 1887 the rovonuo for the twelve months was £7,984,000, and tho increaso dmiug the interval was £2,472,000. But whilst thore was a dofioiouoy in 1887, thoro is a deficiency still, although «additional taxation to the amount of £700,000 or £800,000 a year has been collected during tho last six months. "What tho country has to consider is whothor it is to go on increasing the recoipts of tho Government yoar by year in this manner, and at the' same time making the expenditure always' run a race with the income and win by a neck. This mode of doing business can only load to ono end, and that is embar- rassment, or, if a check be not put in time, to a degroe of pressure that will damago the public credit and roduco thousands to ruin. When we comparo the roturas of other colonies with our own, mid see that whilst ours show an inore »io theirs show a decreaso, the first impulse is to congratulate oursolves upon our better fortune. Thoro would bo room for con- gratulation if it were seen that the in- crease of income had enabled us to clear off. all arrears and to exhibit a surplus in our annual balance-sheet. But discouragomont is the fooling when it is apparent that the income is outpaced by the expenditure. Unfortunntoly, there is nothing uow in this. We have now only a repetition of tho phononionon that has been witnessed before when wo havo endeavoured to romove a doficit by' impos- ing fresh taxation. This was the result when ad valorom duties were lovied to made good the doficit in the old Cowper days, for tho deficit went on increasing Until the almost sudden expansion of tlie receipts from mining and lond sales restored the balance and enabled the Legislature to abolish tho ad valorem duties. In thoso days the rush of new revenue was so strong that it was pran ticallv impossible to devise now forms of expenditure to such an extent as to pre- vent an accumulation. But vigorous efforts were made in that direction, with the result that the first serious fluctuation in tlie proceeds of tho land renewed the supposod necessity for putting on fresh taxos, and even an export duty ou wool was talked of. The rush of land revenue, which had the wholesome effect of facilita- ting tho abolition of the ad valorem duties, had also tho unwholesome effect of en- larging tho general scale of expenditure ; and when at a later date the extensive sales of land by auction were stopped, for other/than fiscal reasons, the continuance of the heavy expenditure soon developed the Dibbs doficit. Now wo have once again additional taxation, an increasing rovenuo, nnd a new deficit ; and if any- thing should ocour to diminish the yield of the now taxation, or of the old, of which, indeed, indications are not wholly wanting, wo may expect to see the deficit progress- ing by leaps and bounds. The lessons of the past go to show that if deficits aro to be avoided or removed, the main thing to be'relied upon is a firm control of the expenditure. While that is maintained, the taxation, if founded upon a sound basis, may be loft to take care of itself. A reasonable system of taxation, that reaches the whole people, presses inequitably upon nono, does not chock the growth of trade, and does not defeat itself by diverting its proceeds from the Troasury into the pockets of a few privileged private tax-gatherers', will yield larger returns as population in creasos and , active industry oxpands. But what the country wants is the adap- tation of the. expenditure to the revenue, and not the adaptation of the revenue to the expenditure. To indulge ia. a constantly expanding scale of expendi- ture, and to endeavour year nfter year to increase the revenue so ns to moot the do niand, is ono of the groatest mistakes that can be mado ; for the time will come when the weight and prossure of taxation will withdraw the element of- elasticity from the revenue, and either relatively or actu- ally reduce the yield. We have reason to assume that wlion the Treasurer makes his next financial statement he will have again to roport the existence of a de- ficiency ; and judging from intimations during the past few months wo must ex peot to hoar proposals for increased taxation. If we aro collecting at the rate of elevon millions and nearly a half now, and that is not onough to moet demands, wo may be askod to raise a revenue of twolve millions, for the combined pur- poses of gratifying protectionist sup- porters and providing work. We freely recognise the distinction betweon the starting of relief works by the Government, and pushing on the execution of works carefully designed, and duly approved, for opening up the country. But too much may be made of this distinc- tion, and projects of so-called reproductive expenditure, carried out prematurely, may be reliof works under another name. And that is what wo shall have to look forward to unless the expenditure be con- trolled with a firm hand. It will probably be said-it has in fact beon snid-that it is misleading to point to the largeness of our revenuo whon so much of it comes from tho charges mado for services reudorod by the Government. Referring to the figures for the two years ending with June in 1887 and 1892, it will be seen that in the earlier year the services contributed £3,099,000, and in tlie later your they contributed £4,667,000, an increase of £1,568,000 ; taxation con- tributed in the earlior year £2,688,000, and an the later £3,334,000 ; an in- crease, notwithstanding the new taxes, of only £C46,000. Tho total increase of revenue was, as we have said, £2,472,000. Now, whilst it is easy to say that the gross receipts from the railways are out of place in the revonuo tables, it is not to be for- gotten that any debit balance that remains after the railway receipts hove been set against the workimr expenses and interest on capital cannot bo removed from the accounts of tho public etjienditure. li the railway accounts wore kept separately, tho payment of any uncovered balance of in- terest would still bo a charge against the consolidated íovenue. It iollows, there- fore, that the doctrine of constructing rail- ways for tho purpose of opening up the country without icgard to the quostion whether or when they will pay stands practically on the same level, for tho time being, as tlie practice of authorising "minor improductivo expenditure" with- out regard to the stato of the rovenue, or with tho intention that, if thore is not money to pay with, moro revenue shall be raised. This is not the way in which private business can be done, neither can public businoss bo so carried on with safety. The exceptional concession mado by tho Yictorian Cabinet io Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., in allowing thom to import £6000 to £8000 worth of machinery tree of duty, affords an illus- tration of the extremo measures a pro- tectionist Government is prepared to take in support of particular intorosts. To prevent the work of fitting this macliinery going from Melbourne to Sydnoy foundries, the Government has remitted £3000 of duty. The justification for this is that £10,000 of work will be done within that would otherwiso bo done in Now South Wales. Of course the first lesson to bo drawn from this is the price-raising ^ffoot of the pro- tective duties, which we aro sometimes told do not increaso cost. In this case the company had the whip hand of the Go- vernment, and compolled the concession which others requiring machinory nshoro were unable to command. Whether this will load to dissatisfaction among other importers of machinery remains to bo seen. If thoy aro content, it will bo matter for surprise. Should thoro bo no outcry on the part of particular classes againBt the romission of the duty, perhaps the action of the Government will not be severely censured. It may bo able to justify itself under some such regulation as that whioh permits of the introduction froe of duty of certain articles to ho manufactured in bond for export, Of course if this action is allowed it will havo considerable significance for the engineers and ironworkers of Sydnoy, more paiticu larly as thej- aro now under a protective system. Had our policy continued on a frootrado basis, possibly Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co. would havo sent their steamers to Sydney and had tho work performed horo. But as wo have now a protective duty, and they could not effect thoir work under tho systom of freetrado in either Now South Wales or Victoria, thoy have playod off one colony against the other, and so secured the execu- tion of their contract under free com- mercial conditions. It is obvious that so far as this particular contract is con- cerned Victoria is the freotiado colony and New South Wales tho protectionist one. And if Victoria can by the exorcise of Ministerial responsibility icmit duties at its will, then, unless Now South Wales is preparod to follow the example, it may lose its industry. Tho foundries of Sydnoy are distinctly handicapped under protec- tive duties. The Government of this colony, in the interests of this particular industry, will, if consistent with its policy, require to oxorciso as freo a hand at the re- mission of duties as its southern noighbour. But to what would that load ? ïtetalia tion is not exactly what we should hope for as the future policy of those colonies, yet it is encouraged by the action of the Victorian Government. That Government con hardly suppose that this is the only case of protection driving work and busi- noss out of the colony to froetrade ports. If so, it might derive instruc- tion from investigating the results of protection on the meat-preserving industry, on the general intercolonial ox ports of manufactures of the colony, and of the destruction of the Indian hoise trade impending as tho result of the increased stock tax. Doubtless we shall, iindor the regime established in this colony, before long have abundant oppor- tunities of observing the effect of protec- tion in driving work out of our own colony, and perhaps be as ready to save our industries by sacrificing the principle of restriction as is the protectionist Govern- ment of Victoria. It would be an odd out- come of the situation if tho adoption of protection in Now South Wales should convert Victoria to froetrade. We hod hoped that some one competent to speak on behalf of the Church of Eng- land in those colonies would before this have taken some notice and given some explanation of the statements mado by our. London correspondent in his letter which we printed on Saturday relative to the holp given to that Church in Australia by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. The statements woro that during the last 25 years £70,000 had boon grantod by tho society towards the ondowment of new bishoprics in tho colonies, £34,000 towards provision for colonial clergy, assistance to- wards building cathedrals in the colonies, £134,000 towards church-building, and £22,500 towards training studonts in the colonies. Australia is specially mentioned moro than once as sharing in these bonefits. We might have supposed that this charitable assistance had (boon Limited to the early days of the colo- nies, were it not that these gifts are stated to# have been made within the last twonty-five years. However, Bishop Barry, the ox-Primate of the Church in Australia, disposod of this supposition by making the extraordinary statement that " when Bishop of Sydney, he found that tho work of 'the Church there could not havo gono on for a single day without this society." What we think the Australian public would wish to know is, if it is really true that the Church of England in these colonies-of the rela- tively enormous wealth of which our Government Statisticians rival each other in giving us such wondrous figures- is really pecuniarily supported or helped at the present day by the subscriptions of people in England. If that is the case, is thoro any explanation which can put this dependence on the charity of England for keeping alive the Church amongst us in any light that does not reflect _eriously on the absence of self-reliance and soli-help on the part of its members ? If these statements can be in any way qualified, this, in the inter- ests of the Church itself, should be done without delay. If that cannot be done, then the frequont complaints made in synodieal assemblies of tho apathy of the laity, and the miserable stipends paid to the clergy, aro adoquatoly explained. A meetiso of Cabinot Minister» wob held yes- terday, at whioh the position of affairs at Broken Hill was disouBsed at considerable length. LateBt available information received from sovorol sources was boforo Ministers, who dutormined that the Gov.ernmont would not bo justified in taking dofinito action on tho reports then to baud. ïull reports of the developments on the Barrior aro to be sent to tho Government as often as necessary, bnt at present it is not anticipated that thcro will he any necessity to inereaso a'lthoritativo powors for the provontion of breaches of tho peace. lils lixcollency tho Governor will presido over a meeting of the 13-ocutivo Council, whioh is to be hold this afternoon at 4 o'clock. Mn. Lyne (Minister for Publio TVorliR), Mr Copeland (Minister for Lands), and Mr. John Kidd (tho PostmaBtor-Goneral) returned to thoir respectivo ornees yesterday, after varying periods of absonco. Mr. Copeland, although not com- pletely rccoverod from Ms attack of bronchitis, -isposcd of a largo amount of depart- mental business during the day. While tho Colonial Treasurer is away at Moama, Jeril- derie, and Deniliquin, the Acting Colonial Secre- tary will attend to tho routine work of Mr. See's department. Mb. Lyne (Minister for Work«) and the members of Parliament who visited tho rabbit country re* turned to Sydney yesterday. Tho special train left Cobar at 8 o'olook on Sunday morning, and reached Sydnoy nt 20 minutes past 6 on Monday norning The trip proved to bo not only an instruotivo but also a pleasant one, and all tho visitors woro highly pleased with it. The movomout- of tho niombors wero chiefly directed by Mr. Waddell, whilst mattors appertaining to tho railway wera largely under tho management of Mr. Quodling. Mr. Waddell looked after tho comfort, not only of tho mombors of Parliament, but also of tho other visitors and tho press roprosontativos, and was warmly complimented upon tho manner in whioh tho trip was carried through. Tho pas« toralists of tho infested district also seemed satis- fied with tho success which attended it; and although no dcoisivo result waa arrivod at with regard to the best means of dealing with tho post, ty is felt that, from the knowledge gained, mem- bers will, in the futuro, bn in a better position to legislate on tho mattor than if tho visit had not been mado. Tile Government of Now South Wales has communicated with tho other Australasian Govern- ments relativo to tho conference on tho silver question proposed to ho held iu Loudon. Tho eoveral Promiers aro roquosted to express thoir views on tho desirableness or othorwiso of Austra- lasia boing represented in theso deliberations. It has been suggested that tho colonies shall make a joint application for tho representation of Australasia at tho London conference Members of tho Parliamentary Standing Com mitteo on Publio Works will moot this afternoon and tako further cvidonco on tho proposed sower- ' ago schemo for Parramatta. Tho witnesses to bo examined aro:-Mr. G. II. Stayton, M.I.C.E., tho nuthor of tho western suburbs sohome ; Mr. T. M. Williamson, Mayor of Itydalmoro; and Mr. Sydney Maxted, director of Governmout asylums. This inquiry probably will oloso to- morrow, after which further ovidence on the proposal to construct a reservoir in Centennial Park is to bo taken. Tue annual report of tho Postmaster-General on tho dopaitments under his Ministerial control for tho year 1891 has boen issued. A synopsis of this document is publishod elsowhoro in this issue. The Fourth of July was yesterday ob- served by Amoricans resident in Sydney. Tho Stars and Stripes floated from tho United States Consulato, from the flagstaff's of several business houses largely connootod with tho States, and from tho roofs of eoveral leading hotels. Mr. Alexander Cameron, tho Acting Consul, hold a reception in his room, Beiesford-chnmbers, between tho hours of 10 and noon. Tho apartment was deco- rated with flags and flowers, tho latter inoluding a ' shield from Messrs. Sear! and Sous. This firm of florist- had an appropriate display in its King street window, which was specially decorated in honour of tho day with shields and bouquets emblemntio of tho occasion. The window and its contents aro to bo photographed, and a specially prepared copy of tho picture will bo sent to tho Chicago Exhibition. Amongst tho Amorican gontlomon who attended tho Vice-Consul's reception wero Mr. W. H. Libby, Mr. William Flemming, Mr. J. B. Beauregard, Mr. R. C. Ghost, Mr. 0. S. Jowott, Mr. J. G. Barron, Mr. W. J. Moxham, Mr. W. M. Vandorhoof, Mr. J. W. Butehor, Mr. C. 0. Komp, Mr. P. B. Avory-Eobinson, Mr. L. M. Johnson, Mr. E. M. Stuart, Mr. H. Shaw Smith, Mr. L. Hopkins, Gonoral Howell, Mr. Donald Manson, Mr. W. A Greene, Mr. G. J. O'Neil, Mr. H. H. O'Noil, Mr. . E. B. Clifford, Mr. J. 0. M'Kenzio, Captain Hoywnrd (Mariposa), Mr. H. S. Chipman, Mr. M. S. , Hill, Mr. K. K. Armstrong, Mr. R. Hope Atkinson, Mr. F. G. Bennett, Mr. G. Bigelow, Mr. 0. Markoll, Mr. A. Market!, Mr. II. S. M'CauBland, Mr. E. B. Magnus, Mr. J. E. Bullard. Amongst other callers were Sir Joseph Abbott, Sppnker of the Legislative Assem- bly ; Mr. W. P. Manning, Mayor of Sydnoy ; Mr. John Davies, M.L.C., O.M.G.; Mr. R. Burdott Smith, M.L.O., C.M.G. ; Mr. C. J. Roberts, M.L.O. ; Mr. A. J. Riley, M.L.O. ; Mr. Jas. Garvan, M.L.A. ; Mr. B. B. Nicoll, M.L.A. ; Mr. E. W. -'Sullivan, M.L.A. ; Mr. W. A. Murphy, M.L.A. ; Mr. J. M'Gowon, M.L.A ; Mr. T. M. Davis, M.L.A., Mr. J. Reidy (noting Consul for Russia), Mr. Edmund Fosbory (Inspcotor-Goneral of Polico), Mr. G. Russell Jones, Mr. B. F. Mark*, Mr. C. E. Crampton, Mr. 0. F. Meredith, Mr. Alfred do Lissa, Mr. Hugh Dixon, Mr. W. E. Shaw, Mr. Robert . SandB, Mr. G. Harrison, Dr. M'Donngh, Colonel 0\. F. Stokes, Mr. R. J. Wilson, Mr. W. Carl Fisohor, Mr. Edward Greville, Mr. P. M'Mahon, J.P., Mr. J. M. Parvos, Mr. Samuel Cook, Mr. S. B. Bailoy, Mr. Alfrod Bonnott, Mr. J. Maden, Mr. J. F. Burns, Mr. J. R. Caroy, and Mr. N. F. Lawry. I A ruETio meeting was held last evering in Cohen's Exohungo Hotel, Beuttio-sticot, Balmain, for the purpose of making the final arrangements for tho public pioeontationof anoilpamtiugandan illuminated address to tho Hon S. H. Hyam, M L C , to mark his appointment to the Upper House There was a largo attendance of prominent gentlemen Mr Alfred Hancock, J P , ocoupied tho ohair Tho exooutive committee gavo in its final report, Mr W Mofhtt Burns, tho secretary, stating that tho members had that day witnessed tho finishing of tho oil painting, whioh had boen exeoutod by Mr Montague Scott, tho artist, of Sj dnoy, nnd that thoy wero all vory well pleased with the work, and that tho same ?would bo on view in Messrs W H Paling and Co 's window during the wcok Tho illuminated addross had been completed' by Mr John Sands, Sydney, and had given entire satisfaction, and that it -would bo on view in that firm's window Tho Mnyoi of Balmain (Aldorman J J Wheeler) was to present tho address and oil pamtmg Tho sum of £10 washauded in as dona- tions and subscriptions Mr I Pines notified that tho leading singers and instrumentalists wero to nppcar on the occasion and tako part in the musical performance that had been arranged All tho Ministry had boon invited A numbee of gcntlcimn who formed the sub- committee m connection -rith the complimentary picnio recently gn on to tho lion J D Young, M L C , assembled in Olliilo's Umquo Hotel, Druitt-stroet, l_»t Thiirsdnj evening, for the purposo of presenting Mi Young w ith a souvonir of that occasion Among those present v, ore Mr Henri Clarke, M L A , Aide-men Hart and Ramford, Mo«srs J Djkes, M S Foloj.J P Lynoh, and J B Barry The presentation, which consisted of a sih er tea and coffeo service and largo silver sah er suitably inscribed, was presented to Mr Young by Alderman Hart, who stated that as tho comtnitteo was foitnnato enough to have a largo balanoo in hand after tho luto piorno, tho members resolved to spend the money in tho purchnso of some memento of that occisión and of Mr Young's elox ation to tho Legislative Council Tho Hon J D _ouug, on rccoiuug tho presentation, thanked the committoo for its generous treatment of him Mn Savannah J Si_ak,-whose appointment to tho ofhco of lecturer in metallurgy and demon- strator in assaying and ohomistry m the Unn oisity of Sydnoy mob ratified by tho Sonate of tho University at its meeting yesterdaj, entered the Yorkshire Collego in 1883 as a Junior Akroyd Soholni, and at tho close of his first year was placod socoud in chemistry (theory) and seoond in physics, and -was first in praotical ohomis- try Ho thou gained a Senior Akroyd Scholarship, whioh ho afterwards resigned for a National Scholarship, which ho hold at tho Royal Collogo of Science, South Kensington At the Royal Collogo of Science Mr Speuk -n ent through the osFOOiateship cours» and passed first class in all subjects, also gaming a first-class in metallurgy In oaoh of his j ears ho gained a rojal scholaiship, and in the last year of his courso was tho first in his year Sinco leaving the collogo ho has been engaged as a mining engineer and assavor in tho Transvaal, Damnialand, and Nimuquulnud Sie Juliav Salomons, Q C, resumod lu» nddiesB to tho jury in tho Bare Maud Fort caso vesteidaj, and concluded at 20 minute« past 3 otloik, thus oconpjing a little over two days in placing tho caso for tho Crown before tho jury Ho mentioned that, as the plaintiff was bound by the particulars filed w ith Ins declaration, tho amount winch he could dann, after making certain deductions, was £1782 (Is lOd beyond the £1500 nhich the defendant ha» paid into oomt To da) ^ ill boocoupiod by tho juiy in paying another vicit to the foit, and th» Chief Jus tico will sum up to-morrow In No 2 Jury Court jestcrday, before Mr. Justico Innes, tho jury in tho action of M'Manus v M'Sweonoy, whioh was under tho Employors Liability Act, returned a verdict for the plaintiff of £450 Tho suit brought by Daniel O'Connor, late Postmaster-General, ngainst a Bunday newspaper, was called on Plaintiff olaunod £5000 componsntion because of an al hdo written charging him with "a grave public scandal," and " a senouB offence against Parliament," and allogingthat his action in connection with the purchase of Brown's stables had been eo corrupt and disgraceful that he should bo compoUod to give up not only his pubho omeo as Postmaster General, but also the seat then held by him in tho Logislativo Counoil Mr Pilcher commenced his opening address to tho jury, and the case stands as partheard In the No 3 Jury Court yosterday, boforo Mr Justice Stephen, an notion was commoni-od by the Burwood Land, Building, and Investment Com- pany against tho Minister for Public Works, m order to settlo tho compensation to bo paid by tho Government to the plaintiff company for a piece of land resumed at Arnchflo for the sownrago -works The case stands part heard Tho jury is to go out and view tho land this morning The duty paid at the Stamp Duties Ofhco last woek on probates and letters of administration amounted to £15,127 11s, tho largest contributors to this amount being tho estates of V Clissold, Ashfiold (duty paid £5887 5s), and J Pcarso, Rose Bay (duty paid £5107 5s) The net value of the respectivo ostutes upon -which duty -was paid was as follows --F Clissold, Ashfiold, £117,7i5, J Pcarso, Roso Bay, £102,145 H S Lowes, Viotona, £65,850, R Glasson, Guyong, £18,095, J Lake, Trangio, £75, W H Bishop, Wnlh, £180 , E Yates, Newtown, £1935 , E Yates, Newtown, £2000 , J J Malo, Goolagong, £45 , G Downey, Orange, £95 , P Hyde, Wauchope, £515, W S M Intyre, Gaia Rivei, £195, J Clnlhngworth, Tamworth, £05 , J Quind, Tanko Creek, £5745 (assets additional to thoso upon which stamp was previously paid), T W Hauko, Wee Waa, £100 , J M'Intyro, Concord, £565 P W Mathics, Thirlmere, £1855 , R Ed- monds, Forest Roofs, £165 , J Holdon, Mullcnduro, £1645, R Kelly, Sydnoy, £225 J Brady, Sydnoy, £1255 , J Simpson, Bonrko, £445, G Toylor, Boxlev, £10i, G Ayliffe, Tigho's Hill, £250, Luigi Arvotto, Enfield, £4020, A Halley, Balmain, £79-,, R Mnrray, Haning, £1450 M Oxenbndgo, Wilton, £100, E Duffy, Paddington, £10, E G Corkery, Ryo Park, £150, J Pool, Albury, £1495, G A Knno, Sydnoy, £120, M Rot, Paddington, £1130 , D Harris, Lowishnm, £455 , L A Green, Sydnoy, £175, J Piorco, Cooma, £1665, J M'Grath, Molonglo, £35, W Rinkin, Newtown, £35, M Taulknor, North Sydnoy, £30 , M Tierney, Lithgow, £285 Me Justice Fostee, in a letter received by tho last mail, states that ho has booked to leave London for Sydney on tho 4th November, by the Orotava His health had greatly improv ed, and he hopes that it will bo f ully restored boforo start- ing on the return journey Iv tho School of Arts Hall yesterday afternoon, Dr Morris delivorod a lectnro in connection with the Ladies Sanitary Association, his subject being " Recreation " Ho dosenbod recreation as tho exertion of our powers voluntarily on pleasing objects which wo pursue for their own Bakes and not for any ulterior end, whoso pursuit hus tho effeotof refreshing or recreating our minds or bodies, or both, after toil Ho insisted upon tho need of exercise or muscular exertion for tho sake of health, and demonstrated this by explaining some of the effects of muscular exertion on tho hoddy system Exercise proper could only bo taken as duty exorcise or play exeroiso, and his con- tention was that by far tho better plan was to take it as play Nature said that mun ?was mode for play as well as for work, for nmuso ment as well as the moro serious business of lifo It was safe to say that not ono man in a thousand, took" enough cxoreiso who did not take it as play Excrciso should also be taken as recreation, be- cause of tho relief it gavo the mind and tho nervous system The father who did not prov ido for tho play of his children, tho mother who frowned her daughters' fun down, and tho Stat- that did not próvido somo timo for men to havo recreation in woro not doing thoir duty The lcoturor then wont into details, and gnvo a num- ber of pruotical hints in regard to various kinds of recreation At tho conclusion ho was accordod a hearty vote of thanks The monthly moeting of tho Globe Municipal Council terminated abruptly last evening, eonso quont upon tlie Mayor ruling out of ordor a motion npon tho agenda papor by Aldciman Law,-" That it be referred to tho finança com- mittee to report on tho necessity of reinstating the carters lately employed by tho council " Per- sonalities wore indulged in, and tho Mayor demanded an apology, which was not foitlicom ing, and tho mooting broko up in disorder A preli_t\aey meeting of representativo mem- bers of tho various cricket, rowing, football, oyclmg, running, tennis, and other similar organisations, was held on Saturday o\ cuing last, ia tho Sydnoy Catering Company's premisos, m Pitt-stroot, by invitation of sov eral membors of tho general council of tho National Association and othcjfs, for tho purposo of dihcussmg in- formally tho best moins of arousing interest in pubho affairs amongst tho youugcr poition of the community, and obtaining- co operation in tho work of tho association Theio was a largo uttondanco, Mr W Cope being culled to the chan The chairman explained the objoct« of tho mooting, and pointed out that ono of the aims of the National Association was to show that tho inteiCRts of all classes wore so Intel woven that injury to any ono section refleotod on tho ro- ma nder, and to couuteraot tho influence of thoso agitators who had so largely brought about tho present depression by thoir utterances As a moans to that end it was pnmardy necossary that every man should record his roto at Parliamentary elections ^t prosont a great proportion of the electors failed to do this, and it was to secure tho »upport of thoso prosout m bringing about an alteration that thoy woro callad togother Thoy represented thousands of mon in tho community whoso lovo of spoit was a guaran too that thoy v\ oro lovers of fair play, and would bo no parties to olass domination Each ono h_d a following, and if each -w ould impress upon his frionds that it -was their duty to oxoroiBo thoir privileges tho soleotion of tho persons for whom they should v oto might -w eil bo left to thou- good eenso The gentlemen present who wcro punoi pally tho captains and secretaries of the various olubs, had been asked for their co operation, and to talk tho matter ovor m a fuendly manner, for tho reason that thoy cunio into contact, through sport, with thousands difficult othorn iso to reach, and it was hoped that thoy would, as individual citizens, do all in thoir power to induco the mombors of their organisations to record thoir votes A lengthy discussion followed, in which Mossrs G M Morrivalo, W M Arnold, A O Stephen, Holmos, fHalo, Patterson, Abrahams, Burns, Blackmore, Epps, Halligan, Benjamin, and others took part Tho policy of tho association as laid down in its working platform, was canvassed, ono or two prosont ciiticislng the vote for thrift proposal, whioh was uphold by others Unanimity, howevor, was expressed as to tho necessity for porsons of all olassos boing induced to record their votes, and it was pointed out by »ovoral of tho speakers that many of the younger raen particularly availed themselves of the holiday on election day to go out of town fishing, yachting, ¿c , -without recording thou votes On the question as to how tho proposals put forward could be carried out, it was pointed out that it was not proposed to appoal to the clubs or associations in thoir corporate capaoity for assiBtanco, the idea being that tho secretaries and captains, or other members who wero in sympathy with the movement should, as private citueus exort all thoir influenco to Boouro tho support of their frionds Eventually it was resolved unani- mously,-" That in the opinion of this mooting, a further meeting of tho mombors of tho v anous enckot, football, rowing, cycling, Anning, tennis, and other clubs should bo hold for tho purpose of discusbing tho question " The council of tho Aborigines' Protection Association met in tho offices, Tomporanoo Hall, Pitt street, on Friday Mr U W Carpenter, J P , presided Tho report of tho medical mm Bionary, Dr T Ordo Smith, stated that steady progress is being made at Cumoroogunga mission station Sovoral suggestions for tho sanitary im- provement of tho station wero considorod Tho reports of tho several managers of tho stations as to tho oultiv allon of wattle wore considered, and it was resolved that, in view of th 3 ndvanco of the season, only a small »quantity of seed be sown at presont, and that pre- parations bo mado for planting at loast 50 aores on each statiou noxt season Tho manager of Cumoroogunga was instructed to proceed with tho completion of sovoral partially ercotcd cottages at onco, so as to provide ampio accommodation for tho largo numbor of residents at the station Sanction was also giv on for tho erection of a machmory shod ata cost of £10 The manager of Warangosda station submitted ' estimates for the erection of additional huts, a store (or rations, the renooring, lining, and painting of t_o church budding, and other improvements It was decided to proceed with tho work forthwith, at a costof about £160 Arrangements wcro made for receiving thioo chddron from tho south coast at tho, mission station, Warangcsda, where they will ho ciiod for in tho dormitory Tho managoi of Brow arrraa station urged that a water lifter bo immediately supplied to irrigate at least j0 acres of tho land for the culture of lucorne, oranges, lomans, fig», basket -willow, and tho ohv o It w as decided to make full inquiry as to the best means to raiso water for the purposes of irngition as suggested An estimate for the ereotion of u shearing shed, io , nt tho mission station, Brewarrina, at a cost of £163, was sanctioned, subject to approval of the design by the board A report concerning the condition of sovoral half-caste womon in Brewarrina was referred to tho local committee for considera- tion Tho secretary reported the projected visit of the Hon J See, M L A , to Moama, and it was decidid to invite that gentleman to visit the mission station at Cumoroogunga A meetivo of tho ladies' committee of tho City Mission w as hold m tho room at tbo Y M C A - biuldingB yesterday afternoon Mrs J Marka presided Mrs E Reading, hon secretary, re- ported verv favourablv of tho progress of tho woik Mcsdnmos II C Russoll and W Crane, reported that tho Bible w oman's work hid boen of a very satisfactory character Reports woro given of so\ oral drawing- room mcotings that had boon held to udvanco tho interests of tho mission, and Mrs Marks promised to havo ono at her homo, Glenbrook, at an early date The annual tea and public mooting of tho Sydnoy City Mission Globo branch, took placo last evening in the Glebo Presbyterian Churoh school hall His Honor Jndgo Wilkinson pre- sided, aud on tho plutform woro tho Rov E Mooro (general secretary), and Mr J H Mills (missionary), and others A concert was givon during tho evening, m which tho following took part -Miss Edith Walker, tho Misses Hargreaves, Messrs Harris and Hargreaves, Mrs Rafton, Miss Carruthers, Miss Booth, Mrs Walker, and Mrs W J Cryor Mr Perry dehvorod a couple of recitations Anthems and choruses were also rondorod by tho choir Miss Hoguo acted as accompanist, and Mr J Langdalo as conduoter Mr J Mills read tho annual missionary report of tho branch, which stated that during tho 12 months 116 meetings hud been held, 2664 families visited, 696 visits to tho sick, 271 destitute visited, 37 now members enrolled, making a total of 69 , tho sum of £12 7s 10'd had been given to the poor Besides this a number of Bibles and tracts and a quantity of clothing had boen distributed The annual mooting of tho Petersham branch of tho W C T U was held m tho local Town Hall on Iriday last Addresses wero delivered by Mrs Harrison Lee, Mrs Courtenay Smitn, tho Rov W Allen, tho Rov J Soper and others Mrs Harrison Lee also conducted a Gospel temporáneo sorvico on Sunday afternoon m tho Town Hull There was a good attendaneo on both occasions The cominittco for tho musical festival, art union, and 'race meetings for tho leliof of tho unemployed, held another meeting at tho Town Hull yesterday Mr Dym ick stated that bo had been instructed by Mr J H Want, M L A , to purchase a picture for the art union Mr Murphy intimated that tho Lyceum Dramatio Club, Miss Louiso Davenport, and tho Clevolund Drum and Fifo Band had profforod their assistance Mr J B Oliffe and Mr Quong Tart w ero added to tho Biib- oomimttees-tho formor to tho racing, the latter to the art union Mr M'Gowen reported that Messrs N Shiels and rioteher Watson, artists, had donated each a picture Mrs A Allon wrote stating that she was about to organiso a conoort ra tho eastern suburbs in aid of the funds Me David Walke«, general secretary to tho YMCA, has received tho following letter from the Govornor -" Government House, July 3, 1892 Dear Mr Walker,-I am pleased to send you a ohequo for £35 for the breakfasts to tho unemployed on Sundays in July I think that you havo started a very practical way of softening tho present distress, and I am only too glad to give you a littlo assistanco in your kindness Yours faithfully (signed), Jeesey " Seevioeb connoctcd with tho tenth anniversary of tho completion of St Paul's, Burwood, woro held on Friday aud Sunday Tho Primate prcuohod on Friday evening, and, after the ser- vice, was presont at u choir social held in the schoolroom _ho Bishop of Bathurst preached both morning and evening on Sunday, und also gavo tho addiess at tho MOL sorvico Mon dolssohu's " Hoar My Prayer " was tho evening anthem, tho solo being sung by Mrs Harrison A man namod Ernest Privat, a cook, who resided at 53 Li-skine-strcet, whoro ha had been taken m lu charity, was found deud in tho passago of the house on Sunday night Doooased had for somo timo past boon complaining of heart disease The Coroner has dispensed with au inquest Y_3T_n_AY afternoon a married woman named Mattha Gallagher, risident in Pennunt-street, Parramatta, met with a serious aeoident Sho wus walking dowiisturs, wiion sho slipped and fell to tho bottom, and recen ed a fracturo of ono ankle, besides internal m j mies Sho was attendod to by Dr Garrett and w us attcrwards removed to tho Purramatta Di-tnct Hospitul The City Coroner held an inquest at tho Surrey Club Hotol, Cleveland and Lluaboth streets, yesterday, relativo to tho death of aoluldnamod Florence May Meredith, whioh took place on Sunday at the houso of her gumdian, Mrs May, 35 Centre-street, Redfprn Decoatcd was an ille- gitimate child, and tho mother is m service On bunday morning the child was found dead on tho floor below its bed Dr Gwynne Hughes deposed that death was duo to fracturo of tho first spinal vertebra and rupture of tho heart Snell miurics might havo been caused by tbo child falling tram bed A vordiot of accidental death was returned The announcement m our cable messages of the latest purchase mado for tho Melbourne Art Gallery by PiofcBsor Hubert Herkomer, R A , is not calculated (say» the Aigus) to croate a very favourable impression, although it is impossible, ot course, to judgo of tho merits of tbo picture until its nrriv al Mr Hoikomor (who is Slade Profossor of Art at Oxford) lives at Bushoy, whore for 10 years past ho has conduoted an art sohool Ho combines art teaching with tho writing of poetry and plays and the composing of operas, and usually uots himself m company with his students Ono of theso pupils is Mr II Borough Johnson, whoso work, entitled " Como unto Mo all yo that labour aud aro heavy laden," Professor Herkomer has just purohasod for our gallery at tho price of 2o0 ¿uiueas Mr Johnson has boen up to the prosent almost unknown in art mroles, but ho ligureB in tho exhibition of work by Mr Horko mor s pupils which has rocontly been opened in tho Fiuo Ait Society's gallery, Bond-street This collection is necessarily ot iniovon merit, but many pictures nmoug thom havo received favour- able comment Tho Giaphic, in its notico of 14th May, said -" Artisticpurposo is evident m many of the works, and a tew show distinct ongiuality, together with accomplished technical skill Mi E Borough Jonuson's ' Como uuto Mo all yo that labour and aro heavy laden,' a group of mem- bers ot tho Sulvatiou Army, while sternly real istio, has many ndmuablo qualities of ait " Tnc pic- ture (somo not very sutisraotory engravings of which aro already to hand) represents tho interior of a Salvation Army shelter, and relies for its effect upon tho attitudes, expression, and gioupmg of the figures whioh occupy the canvas On tho left- hand sido is shown a Salvation Army officer kneeling over tho bowed, half- crouching figure of un old man, whose hands aro clasped m an attitudo of utter prostration and despair Close to thom a woman in tho costumo of the army is praying with raised taco, and in tho opp isito sido of tho foreground another woman is seated nursing a ohild, whoso hood sho nestles against her cheek A number of other figures, seemingly grouped with skill, ara included lu tho composition Salvation Army studies, however no matter how well curried out), aro hardly tho kind of pictures wo should caro to seo for all timo on tho vi alla of oui National Gallery Mr Stan- hope Tornos, who contributes tho leading work, ' Iho Poigmg of tho Anchor," at Burlington House tina year, took the "Army" as a subject somo tbrte j oars ago, hut although hu put in soveral uttiaotivo " lassies," tho work did not soil Professor Herkomer may bo considered in some quarters to hav e displayed a eel tain courageous disregard for appearances in selecting n picture which ho thinks good, not- withstanding that it is the -w ork of one of his own students; but on tho other hand his choioo is sure to bo looked at moro or less critically by many people on this account In his profession Mr Herkomor's standing is, of course, high, and his judgment commands respect Ho is best known by his pictures, " Tho Lait Muster," and " Tho Chapel of the Charterhouse," and is represented m this year's Academy by a woik 6ft by 12ft, entitled " Portrait Group A Board of Direotors." a study of, old hoads, of which he is very fond With Mi Herkomer m tho function of purchas- ing pictures for the Melbourno Gallery aro asso- ciated Mr J C Horsley, R A , and Mr Briton limero, R A The possibdity of infeotion by the «bo of tho tolcphono mouthpiece by buccobsivo speakers is supported by somo facts brought forward by a Dundee correspondent of the _frtfi»A Medical Journal Dr Andorson, tho modical officer of health for Dundoo, has had tho matter submitted to bim Ho says if a person who is suffering from soro throat of an infections nature brings his mouth into close or ovon near relation to the mouthpiece of a telephone instrmont in the act of speaking and expiration of mr from the lungs and throat, it is po«siblo that infectious particles might adhere to the instrument It should bo frequently cleansed, whether tho instrument be in a public or private room, and, perhaps, tho simplest and most convenient cleanser is warm water and car- bolic soap The trial has boon terminated at Lulo (writes a London correspondent) of a certain Gustavo Rasson, his wifo, and their shopman, who had succeeded in building up a highly prosperous butcher's business Thoir sausages, which pos- sessed a peoulmrly savoury flavour, were talked of for miles On tbo 20th of last October a warrant w as issuod, how ever, for thou* arrest upon a charge of systematically deahug m dogs' flesh, and selling it for human food In tho slaughter- house was found 13 dogs' carcasses, about 60 dogs' skins, pegged out and drying, and somo living dogs Questioned by tho presi- dent, a votonnary surgeon who gavo ovidenco stated that dogs' flesh was not dangerous te heulth providing tho anunal had no disoaso Sov oral of the customers of tho establishment testified that thoy had patronised the Rasson» because of tho diutinot and agrooablo flavour of their sausago-meat Tho Rossons had been in tho habit of slaughtering about a dozen dogs each week Tho Court sentenced GuBtavo Rasson in default to six months' imprisonment, his wifo to six months, and the shopman to threo months, with an additional fine in each caso The "Australian ABO Guide" (incorporating "Sydnoy Bridshaw") is to hand for July Tho timo-tablcs and coach routes of tho colonies have been corrected to date, and vahiablo maps are givon 