HOW SHALL WE PECIDE THIS QUESTION? Now, whidi is the worse—to have ao appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? There are lots of people .on the one side or the other - of this question. When "good digestion waits oh appetite, and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals.' But most of us are not blessed in that -way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, bnt the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and dosen't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." ;,To_iUustrite. : . We recently received a puminunication -in which: the .writer •says,' J r J.wiB"»raia feeat-'V-Bid Lis' food"*wav poisoned, did This nature --rebel against the nourishment livrd on! If lhe latter, why? Let him clear the 'mysteiy himself. He says, " In the year 18891 changed my wort from railway porter to- signalman. I had been signalman twelve mouths, and then -all at once, so to speak, Idid not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, . so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thirg was . like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, wilh pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my thro it, and act as if it would choke me," We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his mealB. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched with-some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. _ dreaded," he says, '' the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. After a time I got into a law, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and thiB caused me to lose a good deal of Bleep." What lie means by the fear of "something going to happen" is- of conree, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, _ his own death, er the death of somebody dear to bim. This waa due, as be intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearei), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack /of nourishment. The night of -this form of ill-' ness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife ami-family delending on me. So I struggled on, but what" ! Koffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement'he is undoubtedly wrong One's own pain-is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's : notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitnde who are all the while going throngh the same wretched experience, o.nly we don't happen to- come-in touch- with' than. > ; ..: ; -. •^gjgj^t^^rit^^ally meniionB^that rate'iSaM^^re'iBSown having'bee? cured " by Mother Se%et's:JSyriip.' " My wife," be says, " got me a bottle at "Mr LangstafTe, in Woodlesford,. and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I- ahonld like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GKORGE BUST, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperly Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, inorder that part of the world at laxge may know how thankful he is and for. what reason. OVA BOX OF CLAXEB'« B 41 PJLLE is warranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (aoquircd or constitutioD&l;), Gravel, and Pains in the Batik, Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes 4s fideach, by .all ChBmists and Patent Medicine vendors throughout the world. Proprietors: THE LINCOLN AKIJ MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COKFANT, Linooln, England. "VALUABLE DI.-COYEBT FOB THI HAIR.--If yonrhaarjs turning grey or white, or falling off, u^e V The Mexican Hair Renewer," lor it trill positively restore in every case Gr White Jutir to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable email of most " Heitorera." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spats, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for " THE MEXICAN HAIB. RHNBWBB," sold by Chemists and Perfamers everywhere at S3 6d per Bottle Wholesale depot, 33 Farringdon&oad;, London, England. CAUTION.—PURCHASERS of CLARKE'S BLOOI1 AOXTUBE ahould see that they get the genuine article. • Worthless imitations and substitutes are sometimes palmed off by unprincipled vendors. ,... The words " Linooln and Midland ConntiM Drug Company,' Linooln, England,*' are engraved . on tiie Government Stamp, and "CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED &LOOD; MIXTURE," blown in the Bottle; without which none nreeennine ... 