- — •5P/YPT I M PI in ruai ami; x. IT was a trifle sultry on Saturday afternoon, and by the same token the consumption of Lager Bier increased by leaps and hounds. If you do'n't believe me just ask George Parker, custodian of the fluid in tlie Melbourne '• Pav." it's always the way when wickets full pretty fast. And, thanks mainly to that genial young giant, Maple stone, they did pop down with a " whirr," you bet. " Mape," as his chums desiguate him, was a Carlton Boy up to this season, but there wasn't enough scope for him on the " finnicking " hit of a ground the City Corporation insist on the Carlton Cricket Club retaining possession of, and so the youngster threw in iiis lot with North Melbourne. When I call Maplestone a youngster, you must understand I am speaking of a youngster in a cricketing sense—that's Senior Cricket—not Junior. Of course, " Mape " won't be qualified to pose as a "Junior" for thirty or forty years to come, but still, from a Senior point of view, he is only a youngster, albeit twenty-one years of age. and with most of his eyeteeth well developed. Yes, you can take my tip for it we have unearthed a "liinger" in young Maplestone—a magnificent bowler (only a little deficient in head work at present) and as punishing a batsman as ever H. If. Massie was in his best day. He " rocks them in " quite as fast, as Spofforth. and when be bus got " toned down " by two or three good " lai-inas "—and these are sura to be administered to him before many months are over his head—he will be one of the mainstays of our Victorian ' Eleven— to say nothing ahout the improvement a trip to the Old Country would bo certain to impart to him. In Hughey Trumble and Maplestone, I take it, we have the " makings " of two of the best all round cricketers Australians have ever seen; and we havo seen two or three good ones in our time— have we !:ct ? I don't think I am spoiling Maplestone when lam writing like this. From "mutual friends" I gather that he is a fairly level-headed fellow, who knows how many beans make 5, and is not likely to he led away by any of the " fulsome adulation " style of business. ' If I thought he was, I should retrain from " craoking him up " in the manner I appear to be doing. I' write the word " appear" advisedly. 1 have no visb to "crack him lip.' But 1 am perfectly well aware, though, that by belonging to North Melbourne Maplestone's prospects of attaining a foremost position as soon as he might otherwise stand a chance of being tremendously di»- counted. And it is to reduce the risk as far as possible that I direct attention to his pronounced success last Saturday. There was no fluke about it. It was a perfect wicket chosen to bat on by the Melbourne men themselves, Maplestone bowled against the wind, and yet he sent down 90 balls for 43 ruus, 7 maidens and 5 wickets, against the finest array of batsman any one club in Victoria possesses. And, please to remember, out of these five wickets W. Bruce, Dawkins, Jem Phillips and Charley M'Leod were clean iowled— as clean as a whistle! Oh. I tell you there was every excuse for an Extra Lager or two over the performance. It wasn't altogether because he was an Old Carlton Boy-; but because, at length and at long run, we stood a chance of producing a trundler in Victoria to vie with such mighty projectors of the leathern sphere as Ted Evans, Freyne, Spofforth. Charley Turner and J. J. Ferris, of New South Wales. And I am positive our cousins "over the border" will be pleased to recognise his talent; for they dearly love a good cricketer, albeit thev like to see their own the best. But if Maplestone only fulfils the promise of Saturday, we will give the Cornstalks something to do to parallel either he or H. Truuible. Bur, although I give Maplestone every credit for his meritorious exhibition on Saturday, I will only allow him to take the cake; he mustn't aspire to the whole bakehouse. Oh, no, no, no! The other ten men of the team come in for some slight recognition, too. Every one of them did Ilia level best, and that's just as much as the best themselves can do when it's all orer. I fancied 'Nousey Dick" immensely behind the sticks; and that catch of H. Stuekev's in the slips, when ho dismissed Edwards, was really a magnificent effort. Jack Carlton, too, bowled in amazingly fine form, inasmuch as his four wickcts only cost him a snade over 14 runs per wieket. George Stuckey only sent down 3<i balls, but there were three maiden overs connected therewith, besides which he got rid of Bob M'Leod, Dick Houston achieving an " assist." Huqhey Trumble again carried off the honours for Melbourne, his innings of 44 being a masterpiece of batting, only marred by theone hit that proved fatal—and even, tliat was a big one, right into the out field. Frank Walters threatened to he' properly dangerous until he began swiping wildly to leg, the consequence being that (at 23 ) be eventually cocked one up, wliich George Stuckey " gobbled" as soon as possible. Bob M'Leod didn't seem at home to either Maplestone or Carlton, and yet he put together 25 before receiving his quietus; and Charley Ross, after having the mortification of seeing his men falling like "autumn leaves in Vulliimbrosa" (in fact at one time we werfi all anxiously expecting to see Maplestone perforin the "hat trick") at length let out to a coaxer from Carlton, and was caught out on the chains (over the bowler's head) for a score of 15, during the compilation of which .he had once or twice been completely nonplussed by the bow-ling, ^S^oy M'Lean reached the devil's number (13), and then 1,11,1 tllu devilish bad luck to be adjudged out leg-before-wicket to Carlton. Of t '™ , ' su there ,,ever Wl ' 3 a batsman legitim-itely out leg-before-wicket — that's to his own. way of thinking; but for all that the University man " vacated the ranch " without any that fuss and fluster one sometimes sees supposed " eminent" cricketers display whenever an umpire's decision is given against them. And, by-the-way, 1 noticed this sort oF thing once or twice lust Saturday—once specially. The North Melbourne barracker — just about the lowest hoodlum you can find around the metropolis—was <l ui te enough in evidence without this, goodness knows; but such an ebullition of temper just suited him "down to the ground." as the saying R° es - tlie consequence being that lie was more obstreperous than ever, THE Melbourne first innings haviug closed for 143 runs, and iheve being fully an hour and a- half to bat, the North Melbourne skipper sent Geor ge Bean and Harry Stuckey in to withstand the attacks of Truuible, Phillips and M'Leod. And they did withstand them—to same effect, Ten—20—30—4-0—50—tiO appeared on the board, and no signs of a sep iration appeared until, witli the total at 6(>, and his individual score at 40, II. Stuckey was bowled by Truuible. Gerberand G. Bean then succeeded in playing out time, the game being adjourned to yesterday; Bean being not out with 1M to his credit, With 219 runs on the board for the loss of eight wickets Frank Liver (44) and Charley Letcher (5) resumed their positions at the wickets °u the South Melbourne ground, the attendance of spectators being meagre in the extreme. Despite the wily tactics of Over and Harry Tmtt th» two but-men continu'd to score until, at 255, J. E. Barrett and Lyons relieved the trundleis. This didn't effect the desired end, and when the East Melbourne score had been further increased by 15 ruus, A. 15. Trott was deputed to " prescribe." instead of the doctor. This change of diet immediately caused a movenient, L iv< r yielding up the ghost tluougli skyroodling the newcomer's second delivery into the hands of E. A. Barrett at cover-point, Laver's 70 was an excellently compiled contribution, and ho richly merited the hearty applause bestowed on him whilst returning tothepavilion. J - Bruce joined Letcher, hut be:oru he had time to break his duck the latter was caught at the wickets by Rains off Trott for 24-. and the East Melbourne first innings closed for 270 runs—an exceedingly creditable total considering the fielding displayed by the Southerners. The South Melbourne bowline analysis reads as follows :— Trott, 156 balls-, til runs, 1 wicket; Over, 252 balls, 78 runs, 2. wickets; J. JO. Barrett, 96 balls, SlS runs; Lyons, 12 balls, 32 runs; Morris, 78 halls, 87 runs, 2 wickets; A. E. Trott, 57 balls, 14 runs, 2 wickets. E. A. Barrett and Bowman commenced operations on behalf of the local team to the bowling of Costelloe and Letcher, the scoring being painfully slow owing to the extreme ware exhibited by the batsmen combined with the precision of the bowlers and the dexterity of a well-placed field. Carter relieved Cosiclloe at 25, and at 42 (after one hour's play) I.aver went on instead of Letcher, a further change being made at the south end by Biddolph relieving Carter. At five o'clock, when the teams adjourned for refreshment, the score stood at (iO and when 10 more had been made Curler sup planted Biddolph, and J. Bruce took the place of Laver. The latter change proved effective, for, with the total at S5, E. Barrett was cleverly caught by M'Alister in the slips off Bruce lor 37, put together without affording the ghost of a chance. Harry Trott was the next custodian of the sticks, and no sooner did lie deploy into the arena than Jack Harry handed the wirketkeeping gloves over to Carter, and took up the trundling himself. Here, again, was the East Melbourne skipper's Bump of Kokumosity highly eveloped, as Bowman,- who had scored 4«, was caught by Gordon off Harry, the batsman, like Barrett, owing his downfall moie to the. failing ight than to any error of judgment on his part. r. Barrett occupied the vacant crease, and he nd Trott maintained their positions until the tumps were drawn at halt-past six o'clock, the outh Melbourne score then standing at 142 for he loss of two vrickets,- Trott being 32 and J. E. arrett 20. If Johnny Worrall, with his 158 (not out) was tlie lion of Fitzroy in the batting line, R. Mitchell was their bright particular star in the bowling and folding departments, as he secured the whole of t])e six- st Kilda wickets that are down for lulls To send things through in some sort ot sequellce, I mav remind my readers that on their own grouna (,he Maroons the previous Saturday llnd =ut together 215 for tlio loss of only six- ^j^ts, Johnny Typesnatcher being not out for 104 Last Saturday the remaining four wickets ut on 108 inorej Qf which the disciple of Caxton ^ ™ U I> " ,Hn half (54), until at last ll f ; ' d L ul lt ,5 andyfor20,andJim M'Kirdy had been bowled by Tandy for 23) he was left alone in his glory, and, of course, bad to retire tothe pavilion for a few moments until Jimmy Slight and Monty Smith strode forth to do or die for the Saints. Slight began to "do " all right, but Monty was fair on the "die" after scoring o, being caught by Hannah off MitcheB, whilst his successor—P. G., of the M'Shane ilk—likewise accepted the hazard of the "die "in manner similar, tlie only difference being that iu his case Mitchell " assisted " himself. When Slight's score reached 21 he sent a favour to Worrall, off Mitchell, which tin; Fitzroy skipper accepted with thanks; and after A hern had spent his time iu earning 11, he found the devastating Mitchell altogether unplayable, and retired gracefully, clean bowled. George Palmer and Swan made a bit of a stand between them; butafter the latter had scored l<i Mitchell informed MKirdy that it was really beautiful to heir the dying notes of a Swan, and " over went the show "iu his ease. L. Keogh was keouglit by the ubikitus Mitchell off his own howling ; and then E. Keogh and l'almer managed to play out time; Palm-r being 21. and his partner 5; the St. Kilda score standing at SO for the loss of six wickets. Whatiov kk the "powers that be " in the cricket world who are selecting the so-called Eighth Australian Eleven uiay say to the contrary, it has been made abundantly manifest this season that no Australian Eleven will be worthy of the name of Representative unless Jack Worrall is a member thereof. He has lost all that desire for inordinate slogging which marred his hatting for the past couple of seasons, and is now one of our most reliable batsmen. As a change bowler he has often proved simply invaluable iu emergencies, whilst as a fieldsman he is ' equalled by few, and excelled by none." Ah ! Give us men of the Jack Worrall, IIughey Trumble, Dick Houston, Charley Rossllughey M'Lean and Maplestone stamp, and relegate some of the Old Fossils (no matter what maivuls they were in their day) to the Back Seats they are now only fitted to adorn. Them's uiy sentiments. When Richmond and Williamstown recommenced hostilities on Saturday the former had replied to the seasiders' first venture of 50 by topping it by l!)l) with only two wickets down; Tatehel! and Whitehead being the not out men, with 50 and 34 respectively. Whitehead onlyadded another 10 to his score when he was caught by Menzies off Hannah ; but Tatchell kept in the even " tenners " of his way until he had amassed twelve of them and 7 over before he gave a possible chance—which was accepted by the bowler Miiuer. K. Turner scored 52 prior to being caught by Aughtiu off Hannah; Skillicorn was responsible for 42 before he was caught by Williams off" Menzies : Paton w-as not out for 2S ; whilst Mullett (bowled Menzies), 21, and Wade (caught Grubb, buwlcd Milner), 13, also contributed double figures. Unfortunately lieade, Richmond's last man, was absent through illness, their first innings closing for the splendid tally of 511. Williamstown have made a much better start in their second innings, there being only one wicket down for 4S, Menzies being run out for 25, after being badly missed twice off Haddrick. Aughtie is not out with 23 to his credif. Thanks to J. Fairweather and II. Christian (with 17 each) Essendon increased their score by 43 for the last three wickets, this leaving them in a minority of 2S on the first innings. Alt'. Carlton came out with a splendid bowling average, capturing seven wickets for 3G runs, whilst Ellis potted two for 40. [Mem.—Wally Donaldson infonns me on the quiet that both Ellis and Leith will yet make their mark iu the annals of Victorian cricket.] Rolfe ((i0), Freeman (41) Anderson (27), Taylor (15 ) and Alf Carlton (10) quite, redeemed the Carlton second innings, during the progress of which Fairweather was in great form behind the sticks, stumping Taylor and Jukes off Smith "like water," whilst snicking Watling up off' Mills. When the mystic hour arrived Carlton had nine wickets down for lit", J. Howard (4) and G. Lord (0) being the not out men. University carried their tally of 259 for seven wickets to 377 for ten-, Mackiunon being the prime factor iu Saturday's play, as he added 51 to his previous score of 11 before being had " leg before" by Purvis. Alsopwas unfortunate enough to be run out after contributing 23 more (making his total 118); but although Bond showed an impregnable defence for 41, Trumble succumbed to Purvis for 3. The Port Melbourne bowling analysis was as follows :—Purvis, 4 for 7'J ; Knox, 2 for 53 ; Testro, 2 for 55; and Russell, 1 for 71; a most noteworthy fact being that iu such a large total there were only S sundries. Port Melbourne lost (> wickets for 0!); Puivis (bowled D. M'Leod) being top with 18; followed by Rutherford (bowled Trumble), 10; and Begg (run out), 12. rumble has already captured 4 wickets ; Russell (1) and Testro (2) being the not out men. Soaifc of iny cricketing chums being desirous f having a handy means of reference as to the ositions of the various clubs in the pennant premiership competitions, I append them up to ate as follows .-— Thikd Round.—A Division. -H .2 > •=> ! ts s Jl Melbourne ... W W i ... NorthMelbourne W ... I ... East Melbourne L St. Kilda W ... South Melbourne Fitwov ... L 2000 2 000 1-00O l-ooo a E'. r c s SL i Clubs. ^ 1 C ' -J • 7- £ •S • h is fj i University W 1 ... \v ! 2'000 Carlton \v w ! 2-tioo Richmond ...: \v I l'OUO Esscudou ...' w 1, 1'0'W Port Melbourne L' ... 1 ! Williamstown ... h L - Heaven bless us! And the Hot Weather setting in, too! Read this, fiom the Sydney correspondent of the J/-.;ns:—- In the senior cricket matcher on Saturday the Belvideies met the Carltons, and. winning the toss, went in to bat. At call of time they had made 135 for the loss of one wicket. C. Richardson scoring 4T not out and Moses 5!l not out. Turner bowled 40 overs, 25 of which were maidens, for 22 runs, and secured the only wicket which was taken.'' Great Scissors' Ghost ! If Charley Turner can't do better than maidens against them, how in the name of all the gods at once are we to hope to get theui out at all on Boxing Day and tlie days following? Oh, dear: Oh', dear! Oh, dear'.' The final heat iu the Essyidon Trial Pairs resulted in W. E. Aitken (stroke) and 15. F. Bowen defeating J. Swan (stroke) and A. To wart by about a length after a gallant struggle. The victors thus secure the handsome trophies presented by .Mr. H. F. Briggs. The Fighting Editor of the Argus m London has evidently got a wrong " bulge " on somehow over what has and what has not been done iu the realms of 1'istiana. Thus, under date London, lth November, he tells us that "Jem Hal], the Australian pugilist who defeated Pritchard, the Middle-Weight Champion of England, in August last, has accepted an offer by the Coney Island Club to fight Fitzsjmuious, the Middle-Weight Champion of America, at Conev Island, New Vork, for 20,000 dollars offered by the club." And the very next day he ties us up in a knot by cabling out that " Two offers have been made for a boxing match between Jem Hall, the Australian pugilist, and Fitzsmimons. the middleweight champion of America—one by the Coney Island Club, New York, for £'.)0n0'(-15,tiOOJol.j. and the other from New Orleans Cor ijSuuO (40,000.iol.);" winding up with the' information that " Fitzsimmons lias decided to accept the New Orleans uffer." Which (if true) is certainly a most remarkable piece of sc-lf-ubnegatimi on the part of a modem day " prize " tighter. And which furthermore accentuates tlie fact that- tlio.se philanthropists who have devoted their lives ill the attempt to Level the Masses Upward have been Wasting their Energies. What they should have done was to have tried to bit upon some plan for throwing a cross oil the Anglo-Saxon race, so as to make t.liem approximate even more closely to the " brute beast." Nowadays it's Brawn that rakes in the dollars—not Brains. And, after all, the Dollars seem.to be the ouly things that really make life worth living. With all the cackle about John L. Sullivan being a ruined man, as well as a dethroned idol, the stern logic of facts places it beyond doubt that there is not. a man Jack of his detractors but would like to be " ruined " to the same extent, seeing that, according to latest American advices, he was still drawing crowded houses at the Columbus Theatre iu JJarlem, and that the season was likely to foot up 50,000 dollars clear! Thus an English periodical on the decadence of the Art Fistic in the United Kingdom :—" With the defeat of Ted Prilchnid in his recent fight with Jem Hall, the prize ring, at least so tar as England is concerned, may be said to have received its death blow, in the light weight, middle weight and the heavy weight classes, native pugilists are overmatched to such an (-stent that nothing but disgust fills the bosoms of those Englishmen who were interested in the spurt. In Ted Pritchard it was fondly believed that England had at. last secured u champion worthy of upholding the traditions of his country. But, alas! the hope was but a forlorn one, and once again had home talent to play second fiddle to the invader. English pugilists had better, in future, confine their attention to country fairs and racecourses, where their efforts may be appreciated. They are certainly no good in the ring." 