SPORTING. BREAKFAST CREEK RACES. The attendance at Breakfast Creek on Satur- day afternoon, when the Pony and Galloway Association held their usual weekly race meet- ing, was quite up to the average, and great interest was evinced in the proceedings, which throughout were orderly and well conducted. Mr. G. Markwell despatched the fields for the various events, and although he experienced some difficulty with the boys in the initial event, a summary punishment of the principal offenders had the desired effect, and the remain- ing races were well started. The racing was well worth witnessing, and about £1100 was speculated on the results through the medium of the Challenge totalisator machines. Par- ticulars of the racing are appended : Cairns Handicap, of 10 sovs,; for ponies 13.2 and under ; about 4\ furlongs. F. W. Robinson ns. "b.g. Redbank, 13.2, G years, lOst. lib. (Robinson) 1 W. R. Riley's b.m. Kate, 13.2, G years, 8st. 3lb. . .. (Archer) 2 T. Cummings ns. cli.m. Zenobia II., 13.2, 6 years, 7st. 91b.(Flood) 8 The other starters were Buttercup III., 7st. 101b.; Bessie, 7st.; Bluebell, 6st. 131b.; Bohemian, Ost. 111b.; Fancy Free, Gst.; and Sir Anthony, Gst. After a lot of trouble the starter lowered his flag to an indifferent start, and Kate got off in front and led past the stand and round to the back from Buttercup and Bluebell. At the quarter-mile Redbank ran up close to the leader, and heading her at the turn came first into the straight, and won easily by four lengths. Time, ltnin. lsec. Dividend, £2 18s. The boys Cannon, Flood, and Quinn were disqualified for the day for disobedience. Mn.ixnr.STRR Handicap, of 15 sovs.; for all galloways and ponies 14.2 and under; about 7 furlong's. S. Donaldson's br.g. Master Lisgar, 14.2, 4 years, 7st. 71b. .(Mullins) 1 B. White's bim. Laura, 14.1, aged, 9st. Elb. . (Stono) 2 A. Downs ns. br.g. Tuldaro, 14.2, 5 years, 8st. 81b.(Gibson) 3 A. G" 7st. 121b.; Shaneen, 7st. 31b.; Casseno, Cat. 111b.; Eclipse, Gst. 51b.; Micky, Gst. 51b.; Muezzin, Gst., and Pink II,, Gst., also started. A good start was effected, and Micky ran lo the front after going a few strides, and led round the bend into the straight and past the stand from Shaneen and Master Lisgar. At the back Master Lisgar and Shaneen ran up close to the leader, and Master Lisgar getting first into the straight won by a neok from Laura, who came very fast at the finish. Time, ltnin. 34see. Dividend, £2 15s. Noumea Handicap of 10 sovs.; for ponies 13.3 and under; about 4J furlongs, T. Blacklock's gr.g. Moonlight, 13.3, G years, 8st.(Burke) 1 W. F. Collins ns. bl.f. Black Angel, 13.3, 3 years, 7st.(Dawson) 2 F. W. Robinson's blk.g. Whisper Low, 13.8, li years, 7ht. 21b.(White) 3 Cowboy, 8st. 51b.; Rick, Ost. 101b.; Alice, Gst. 41b.; and Bangie, Gst. 41b., also started. When the flag fell, after a considerable delay, it was to a good start. Bangie jumped off in front, and led all the way to the homo turn, where she was caught by Moonlight, Whisper Low, and Black Angel. Moonlight came first into the straight, and won by a length from Black Angel after a good finish. Time, lmin. lsec. Dividend, £1 7s. Selling Race of 15 sovs.; for gallowas's and ponies 14.2 and under; wilmar lobe sold forlOsovs.; 71b. allowed for each reduction of £5 in sellingprice ; weight for age, weight for inches; about 0 furlongs. .1. Winterbottom'!) ch.g. Tho Swell, £5, 14.1?, 4 years, 8st. 01b.(R. Gibson) 1 A. Down's b.m. Mystery, £10, 14.2, aged, 9st. 61b.(J. Gibson) 2 R, E. Jones's b.g. The Deceiver, £10, 14.1, aged, 8st. 131b.(Bremner) 3 Only the three started. The Swell ran to the front from the start and led out of the straight from Mystery, who at the turn near the back ran The Deceiver out wide and pre- vented him from getting past. The Deceiver, however, headed Mystery at the back and ran up close to The Swell, who however kept the lead into the straight, and won by a length and a-half from Mystery, who beat The Deceiver by a neck in the last stride. Time, lmin. 7sec. Dividend, £1 7s. Dajiwis Handicap, of 15 sovs.; for horses 15 hands and under; about" furlongs. F. W. Robinson us. b.g. Laxpire, 14.2J, 3 years, Gst. 181b..;.(Dawson) 1 R. White's ch.h. Loiterer, 14.8Î, 4 years, 7st. 91b.(Shields) 2 G. Smith's h.m. A. G. 14.2, aged, (ist. 21b. . (P. Smith) 3 The other starters were-Forrester, 7st. 71b.; Eldorado, 7st.; Pretender, Gst. 121b.; Kildare, Gst. 111b.; Athol Brose, Gst.; and Casseno, Gst. Loiterer and A. G. jumped off together in front from a good start, and raced in front of Laxpire round the turn and into the straight. This order was maintained to the back of the course, where Laxpire ran to the front and won very easily by six lengths from Loiterer, who was a neck in front of A. G. Time, lmin. 33sec. Dividend, £2 13s. Hebrides Handicap, of 15 sovs.; for ponies 14 hands and under ; about S furlongs. T. J. Woodgate ns. blk.f. Henriette, 13.3}, 2 years, Gst. 81b.(P. Smith) 1 Vi. F. Collms ns. blk.f. Black Angel, 13.3, 3 years, Gst. 91b.(Dawson) 2 J. C. Smith's h.f. Sibyl, 14 hands, 3 years, Cat. 61b.(White) 3 My Love. 8st. 81b.; Lottie, 8st. 31b.; Minerva, 7st. 91b.; Moonlight, 7st. 71b.; Emu, Gst. Gib.; and Crusoe, Gst. 41b., also started. Minerva was the first to move, and led from Emu and Henriette past the stand and round to tbe bael:. Approaching the furlong post the three were on terms, but Honriette was first into tbe straight and won easily by half-a-dozen lengths from Black Angel, Sibyl being a good third. Time, lmin. 7sec. Dividend, £1 4s. THE BRISBANE HOUNBS, [By Dbaook.] I never remember the weather more favourable for an afternoon's indulgence in the noble science than that we experienced on Saturday. The keen air which had prevailed from early morn xvas by 2 o'olock in the day nicely tempered by our glorious xvinter sun, and the happy blend provided just such a day as to stimulate man and horse into such exer- tion as that required for a gallop 'crosscountry after the hounds. Goodna was our fixture for the day, and taking advantage of a seat in a friend's buggy, behind as nice a horse in " leather" as one would wish to sit behind, we covered tho fifteen odd miles to Goodna village, whither xve had sent bur horses by road in the morning, in a little over an hour, and the extra pleasant drive having somewhat sharpened our appetites we enjoyed a quiet snack, thoughtfully provided for us by host Pyrah, of tile Royal Mail Hotel, where horses and hounds had put up for the nonce. At half-past 3 o'clock a goodly number of visitors had put in an appearance, several parties having ridden and driven from Brisbane and Ipswich, and shortly after the time men- tioned the hounds threw off right in the Town- ship opposite the Railway Hotel, and entering Clifford's they kept in view of the railway line for a mile or two, going in the direction of Red- bank, and getting as far as the coal pit paddocks the hounds turned to the right and crossed the Ipswich-road at Blair's, and running through that property, crossed a double out of it into Power's on the hill overlooking the village, and taking another turn to the left, ran back again towards the main road and crossed it at the 'Redbank railway bridge, which they ran under and xvent into another of Clifford's . paddocks, and then through several properties on to Forsyth's and back once again on to the Ipswich-road above Redbank Station. The run, about four and a-half miles, was very fast, in fact much too fast, and the opinion that the hounds were " too fast altogether, you know" generally prevailed. Several small casualties occurred, of s comical nature only, asia several places the going was .fery wet and heax*y, and here and there a " puffer" into mud and water There were riders who took to the water like rats, There were steeds without horsemen, and men without bats. After the usual law to the drag, the hounds were laid on to it in Macgregor's-lane, at the rear of the Redbank Station, and going into Macgregors we had to splash through half-a mile of water, where the holding was pretty treacherous, and having left it behind the hounds took a sxveep to the right and crossed a very stiff double from Macgregors into -Miss Alexander's (a timbered paddock), and breast- ing a rise at the further end of that property they crossed a lane, a tricky double, at Simp' son's, just overlooking the Redbank railway bridge. The hounds were laying down to it at this point-in a nice clump-with Merry man and Mentor at the head of affairs, and as they swept down an incline in Simpson's xvith a nice field of huntsmen close upon them at a stiffish pace, the scone was perhaps the most typical of the day, and was seen to advantage by a large collection of the votaries of Macadam as Away, away, unchecked in pace t O'er grass and fallow swept tho chase ; To hounds, to horses, or to men, No child's play was the struggle then. Leaving Simpson's and crossing the main road they streamed axvay on the right hand of the line, going townwards, ran hard right up to the railway bridge at Goodna, passing the school aud the saxv-inills by Chippendale's and Mulrooney's, crossing Woogaroo Creek at the stock crossing going through Holmes's, and emerging out on to the main road again entered the asylum grounds at the old entrance, and running through those grounds ran into the drag at the asylum dam, having run about five miles at a hard pace throughout. A good field of the regular followers were out on the occasion, including the master (Mr. E. G. Echlin), Miss Newton on Pasha, Miss Mabel Newton on Bolivar, Dr. Sobóles on The Quaker, Mr. G. Baynes on Fairfield, Mr. F. M'Gill on Melton, Mr. Feez on Gladstone, Mr. Winter on Anyhow, Mr. E. Baynes on The Doctor, Mr. H. Goggs on The Ghost, Mr. Townley on Problem, Mr. Hanbury on Blue Peter, Mr. M. B. Goggs on Dahlia, Mr. C. Lambart on Stella, Mr. J. Alexander on The Drone, Mr. Thurloxv on Silversides, Mr. Rich on a bay, Mr. H. Yaldwyn on Delight, Mr. E. G. Harding on Parnell, Mr. O'Brien on Cassia, Mr. St. A. M'Dowall on Gipsy Girl, Master Scholes on Petersen, Mr. Burke on a gray, tho whip (P. Moylan) on Clontarf,, and several others. FOOTBALL. NORTHERN RUGBY UNION. The senior and junior premiership matches xvere continued last Saturday, xvhon most in- terest appeared to be taken in the Boomerang Wallaroo match, whioh xvas played on the Northern Rugby Union Ground. The Wallaroos xvere weakened by the absence, from various causes, of G. Pratten, Paul, O'sullivan, and Douglas, while the Boomerangs played xvithout S. M'Gill. The game was fairly fast throughout, and at times good football xvas shown ; at other times the play became decidedly rough, some of the players either being unable or un- willing to distinguish betxveen playing a hard, keen game and a rough game. About half tho Boomerang forwards played a wing game, xvhich is strictly contrary to tho rules, and should have been dealt with either for off-side play, illegal oharging, or for rough play, and a striot umpire would, on appeal, un- doubtedly have given a free kiok against thom every other scrimmnge. It is particularly un- fortunate for Queensland, with the intercolonial matches so near at hand, that within half-an hour from the commencement that fine and useful half-back, George Beal, met with an aocident thnt prevented him playing on, and the Wallaroos, xvho played ono short through- out tho game, xvoro reinforced by J. Graham, who played full back, thus allowing F. Warbrick to go up to centre threo-quartor. At half-time the score stood : Boomerangs, 8 ; Wallaroos, 3. During the second half the play was fairly even, but the Boomerangs proved themselves better scorers, as whenever thoy got the ball on tho Wallaroo line a try usually resulted. Tho Wallaroos on the other hand had to bo con- tent with forcing their opponents, the game finally ending in a win for tho Boomerangs by 14 points to 3. For the winners W. Warbrick and Austin played hard. Pritchard got two tries thanks to Allman, but he should have fed his xving three-quarters more. Allman has the makings of a good "half" if his forwards will only give him a show ; as it was on Satur doy their wing men completely spoiled many good chances. Of the forwards Stevens, Watson, and Nowall played woll. Patterson followed up verj* fast and played well in tho loose, but as he did no1 put many ounces of his xvoight in the scrimmage he xvas fresh as com- pared to some of the forwards. For tho Wallaroos F. Warbrick although far from xvell mado few mistakes either xvhon playing full or three-quarter back. Beal was playing a splondid gamo up to the time ho got hurt, xvhilo Brereton xvas always thero xvhen wanted and saved his team time after time. If this player xvill only pass a little oftoner and a little sooner he xvill speedily become a second Speakman. Beattie played very hard, and collared better than usual. The forwards did good work indi- vidually, but lacked combination. Lyons was always prominent. At Charters Towers the Past Grammar School team Buffered a second defeat at the hands of the local team, tile scores being 5 points to nil. Amongst the juniors Finney, Isles, and Co. inflicted upon the Stanleys their first defeat. Oxley Club beat the Windsors, and the Occidentals the Toowong Club. Boomerangs v. Wallahoos.-Those clubs met at tho Northern Rugby Union Ground on Saturday last, when after a hard game the former were declared the xvinnera by 14 points to 3. AiuAxmnAS v, Pirwes.-Theso club3 played off their premiership match at the Exhibition on Saturday last, when after a line even game the match was declared a draw, both teams scoring 3 points each. Mr. A. Smith acted as sole umpire. Oxleys v. Windsors.-This match was played on Saturday at Breakfast Creek, and resulted in a victory for the Oxleys by 8 to 3. Tries xvere secured for the victors by J. Fer- guson and Ii. Pratten, from xvhich the latter kicked one goal. W. Wilson obtained the try for the Windsors, the kick at goal being a failure. Both teams played a very good game right through ; and E. J. Beard acted as sole umpire. , Finney, Isles, and Co. v. Sta.vi.ey.-This match was played at Kedron on Saturday last, and resulted in a victory for Finney, Isles, and Co. by 13 points to m7, all obtained in the first half of the game. Occidentals v. Toowongs.-These clubs met at Toowong Sports Ground on Saturday, when the former team won in a very hollow fashion by 37 points to 5. The Toowongs played a very plucky uphill game, and deserved to soore oftener ; and several times they had th e ball in dangerous'proximity to their opponents' line. Hyde, who played a very good game all through, secured the only try for the Toowongs, from xvhich Malins kicked a goal. Tries xvere obtained for the Occidentals by Woods (3), Macpherson (2), Macdonald, Spode, Gallwey, and Hunter (1 each), from which 5 goals xvere kicked. Mr. P. Sapsford performed the duties of central umpire to* the entire satisfaction of both teams. Rotal Staus x- Goodna.-These clubs met at Goodna on Saturday last, when a fast game resulted in a victory for the visitors by 11 points to m7. Mr. Atkinson acted as sole umpire. ltocKToss v. Rovers.-This match was played at Kedron Park, and resulted in a win for the Rocktons by 41 points to nil, after a very pleasant game. Tries xvere obtained for the Rocktons by Hood (3), Steven (2), Dickson (1), Dunne (2), Stone (1), Silvester (1), Murphy (1), only two of which Silvester converted into. Roals. Steven kicked a goal from the field. Mr. M. Steven acted as sole umpire. MINOR RUGBY UNION. Valley Sciiool v. Raymond.-This match was played at New Farm, and resulted in a win for the School by 11 points to 6. During the first half Landers secured the first try for the Schcol xvithin about three minutes from starting, from which try Frederick kicked a goal. Kicked off, some give and. take play took place, when Brennan, bouncing the ball, secured second try for the School ; no goal resulted. Some fine passing took place in the School backs, and Landers dashed over and secured the third try for the School. Score at half-time: School, 11; Raymond, «ii. In the second half the game became fast, considerable hacking occurring in the scrums. Raymond got on a rush and secured their first try, from which no goal resulted. Shortly after this tho ball burst, and some time was lost in securing another to go on with the match. In play again, Craig secured and got second try for Raymond ; no goal resulted. The ball was rushed down tho field by the School, when shortly afterwards time was called. Score: School, 11 ; Raymond, fi. The members of both teams worked hard for their respectivo clubs. Blackheath, v. Kangaroo Points.-The above ruatoh was played . at Newstead, and after a well-contested game resulted in a win for the Blackheath^ by 8 points to 5. The game from start to finish was very fast, tries being obtained for the Heaths by Cnpp and Hayes, one of which was converted into a goal by a splendid kick on the part of "Maguire. Tho only try for the Points was secured by Rose, a goal resulting. The Heaths thus won hy S points to '5. For tho winners Hayes, Copp, King, Maguire, Booth, and Cummings played best; for the losurs Casey and Rose played well. Messrs. Betzel and Keogh acted as umpires. MISCELLANEOUS. Esiekalds v. Violets.-This match was , played on tho Violets' ground, and resulted in a draw, each side scoring G points. E. Clemonts and J. M'Carthy secured the tries for the former, and H. Waldon and C. Waldon for the latter. All played well. Second Alhambra» v. Second Raymonds. This match was played at Catholic Hill, and, after a vory good game, resulted in a draw, each side scoring three points. Both sides played well. LAWN TENNIS. ENOGGERAS V. HURLINGHAMS. — The second match between the above clubs, on this occa- sion under the auspices of the Queensland Lawn Tennis Association, took place at Sand- gate on Saturday, and again resulted in a win for the Hurlingham team by four sets to nil. For the victors the best average was made by Messrs. H. Paul and C. Theilmann, who beat Messrs. A.B. Bell and Bale, and Messrs. F. Bell and Cusack (E.), 9—4 and 9—4 respec- tively. Messsrs. Jaggar and Dr. Paul (H.) beat Messrs. A. B. Bell and Bale, 9—4, and Messrs. F. Bell and Cusack (E.), 9—5. Totals :— Hurlingham, 36 games; Enoggera, 17 games. The play of Dr. Paul throughout the match was both steady and effective ; but Mr. Jaggar appeared to be somewhat indisposed, and was consequently unable to play up to his usual form. BRISBANE V. COORPAROO.—The return match between the above clubs was played on Satur- , day on the courts of tho former. The Brlsbanos ' were minus tho services of E. Gilligan, R. J. , Cottell, and V. Ayres, and at the last moment | J. Gilligan, who had been picked as one of the emergencies was incapacitated from playing through siokness. Tho club, thoreforo, mustered only five men, but the Coorparoo in a \ most sportsmanlike manner allowed Mr. E. ' Jonos, one of Iho emergencies to play twlcoovor. Thus heavilyhandicappcd.itwas expected that the premiers would nt last bo defoated, but owing to tho brilliant play of Love and Robin- son, and the good form shown by E. Jonos all through his six sets, an exciting game finished in their favour by two games only, tho scores standing-Brisbane 58, Coorparoo 50. For tho losers the Henzols and Nicklin showed to best advantage. Tho following aro the scores : Love and Robinson (B.) boat Henzel Bros. (C.) 9 to 3; beat Baker and Nicklin (C), !) to 7 ; beat Carson and Halstead (C.) !( to 0. Hollander and Jones (B.) beat Carson and Halstead 9 to 3 ; and wero beaton by Baker and Nicklin 7 to 9 ; and by Henzel Bros. 1 to 9\. Bousfiold and Jonos (B.) were beaten by Baker and Nicklin 4 to 9 ; by HonzolBros. 1 to 9 ; and beat Carson and Halstead 9 to 7. Second South Brisbane v. Second Coor- paroo.-This match was played on tho oonrts of the lattor on Saturday and resulted in a win for South Brisbano by nine games. Tho fol- lowing is tho scoring : Nagel and Holland (S.B.) beat Lade Bros. (C.) 9 gamos to S ; llarloy and Horsley (0.) 9 games lo G ; Groom and Green (S.B.) beat Harley and Horsley (0.) 9 games to 4, but wero boaten by Lade Bros. (0.) G games to 0. Total, South Brisbane, 33 games ; Coor- paroo, 24 gamos. LACROSSE. Bachelors v. Benudicts.-This match, post- poned from tho previous week owing to the bad state of tho ground, took place in tho Queen's Park last Saturday under favourable circum- stances, and in the presence of a fair number of spectators. Representative teams of married and single men were picked from the various clubs, Ball captaining tho former and Ewart the latter. During the first part of the game there was a good deal of give and lako play, but the greater part of the time tho ball stopped in the married men's quarters, and before half time was called the single men had scored 2 goals to m7. On resuming play the married men rallied several times and looked like scoring, hut no more goals were made on either side, and the game resulted in a win for the Bachelors by 2 goals to m7. All the men without exception worked hard for their respectivo sides. Next Saturday a flag match takes placo between the Brisbanes and South Brisbanes in the Queen's Park. AQUATICS. COMMERCIAL CLUB REGATTA. A club regatta in connection with the Com- mercial Bowing Club was held on the Bridge reach of the river on Saturday. His Excellency the Governor intended being present, but was unable to attend the whole of the afternoon, he, however, witnessed the start for the final from the Government House pontoon. The race was witnessod by many spectators who lined the North Quay and crowded the olub's shed, as well as the steamer Young Mat, which followed the different heats. Mr. P. Hardgrave acted as starter and umpire, and Mr, W. G. John officiated as judge. The race, which was run in heats, proved moro successful than any of the olub's former ventures. The courso was from the Government House pontoon to the club's shed. The following is the result of the racing: First Hbat.-J. n. Williams (stroke), K. M'Dowcll, Vf. R. Mayes, and E. Channing, 1 ; B. Beirne (stroke), E. M. Hart, II. E. Luya, and J. N. Devoy, 2. Only the two crews com- peted in this heat. They both got away to a good start, Beirne being nearest the north bank, and a3 the tide was running out fairly strong had the benefit of still water. The boats kept well together till the bridge was reached, when Williams went to the front and won by about lmlf-a-length. Second Heat.-W. B. Carmichael (stroke), H. J. O'Neill, A. Laing, and W. Whitmane, 1 ; J. C. Spode (stroke), A. Baynes, A. Stuart, and A. E. Hamilton, 2; B. T. Hilder (stroke), C. E. Hilder, B. H. Miller, and S. H. Smith. 3. These three crews got away to a good start, Carmichael having the inside pulling, and Hil- der the stream. The benefit of the still water was soon apparent, as Carmichael began to forge ahead until one of his crew broke a stretcher, when the crews all got on equal terms again. Carmichael was now at a disadvantage, but by a plucky pull succeeded in catching the judge's eye about a quarter of a length in front of Spode, who was a good length ahead of Hilder. Third Heat.-Frank Baynes (stroke), B. Beirne, L. C. Wilson, and F. Beirne, 1 ; C. T. Hill (stroke). F. M. Hart, G. W. Munro, and J. Brennan, 2 ; F. W. Gore, F. Reimers, G. E. Riddett, and C. H. Briggs, 3. Baynes had the benefit of the still water in this instance, and Gore was in the stream. The three crews got away well together, but started rather «' scratchy." Before going many yards Gore met with an accident. No. 2 slide of his boat broke, which necessitated a stoppage. The two crews kept on, and were in close atten- dance upon each other until the bridge was reached, when Baynes made a spurt and won by about a length and a-half. Final.-WilliamVs crew, 1 ; Baynes's crew, 2 ; and Carmichael's crew, 3. This proved the best race of the afternoon. Williams, who had the benefit of the still water, ' xvas tho first to take up the lead from a good start, and xvhen D. L- Brown's wharf was reached was leading by a length from Baynes, xvho was closely attended by Carmichael, xvho xvas rowing in tho_ stream. Williams main- tained tho lead until tho bridge was reached, xx'hon ho was nboul two lengths ahead of Baynes's crow, xvho wore pulling very pluckily. The race now created much excitement arnon" the spectators, and it was thought that Baynes would ivis, as ho gradually diminished Williams'« lead until the latter was less than a length ahead. Williams was too near home, however, to be caught, and he won by a quarter of a length from Baynes, who xvas a length and a-half ahead of Carmichael. Baynes was loudly applauded for his efforts. The timo was about 4min. 20sec; and as the course was about three quarters of a milo, against au ebb tide, it was considered very satisfactory. CYCLINtCt, By* " Wooiunim." The prize list for the Brisbano Safety Club's Sports is rapidly being (¡lied up, and the committee anticipnto largo entries for the sex'eu different events, as some of tho trophies aro both handsome and x*alual)le. One that is particularly worthy of mention is a No, 5 Eclipso light roadster safety bioycle, fitted with pneumatio tires, and valued at £30 ; it has been donated jointly by Mr. James Smith and the Eclipso Machino Company of England (makers oi these colo brated machines), and has been allotted to tho Threo-milo Handicap,,an event which is opon to all amateurs. This prize has only to bo xx-on once in order to become the property ofi the winner. The record of 3 hours 23min,, from Brisbano to Boenloigh and baok, put up on Saturday, 18th instant, by J. Adam and li. Sandoman, is thought to bo good timo for that road. I loam that in a fortnight's time two members of tho B.S.O. intend to havo a cut at it. 1 hopo thoy will be successful, and that tho roads will bo in | a botter oondition than xvhen Adam and Sando man lowered the previous record. Mr. W. J. Strachan, captain of the Bunda- berg Bicycle Club, has been on a fortnight's visit to Brisbane, and returned home by the Lady Musgrave on Wednesday, 22nd instant. While in Brisbane Mr. Strachan thoroughly enjoyed himself. On Saturday, 18th instant, in the company of some members of the B.S.C., he visited Sandgate, and on Monday, 20th instant, the captain of the B.S.C. and Mr. Strachan journeyed to Cleveland and spent the day. Mr. R. G. Clark, of the B.S.C., is to leave shortly for the North, where he intends to reside. I believe his destination is near Geraldton. Much regret is expressed at his departure. A cabio message reoontly received states that T. A. Edge, tho well-known Knglish rider belonging to tho North and llio Wavorloy road Cycling Clubs, has pedalled tho distnnoo botwoen Land's find, Cornwall, the most southern point of England, to .lohn o' Groat's House, the north-east extremity of Scotland, a stretoh of 874 milos, in 4 days -10 minutos, boat-1 ing the previous record for the ¡onto by 10 hours. This latest performance, xvhichsliowsan avorago of over 0 miles per hour all through, is (remarles a Southern paper) really wonderful, and demon- strates what can be done on tho two pneumatio wheoh that now oxcite alike tim envy and ambition of cycle-makers. Independently of tho " mount," howover, the record shows that Edge is a man endowed xvith remarkable energy and physical development, hi May last G. P. Milla performed what was then thought a niarvollous achievement in doing tho journey in 4 days 11-hours-17 minutes, many hours fastor than the, then best on record, finishing in a Bomi-somnolont state. On 20th Septombor last Rdgo finished a record ride from London to Edinburgh, covering the distança (3!)7 miles) in 38 hours 44J minutes, or Í hours 40 minutos fastor than the previous record, A whistle or oall, which has boon adopted by tho Glasgoxv Polico Force, also by most of tho local cycle clubs, and by sex'eral fire brigados and tram companys, is called tho " Glasgow Thunderer." Al first sight its appearance does not strike one as particularly novel, but it is noveltheless stated by the makors that tho peculiarity in its construction gavo rise to its name-the " Glasgow Thunderer." But a very little xvind is necessary to produce a tremendous volumo of sound, a vory important matter for policemen, cyclisti, liromou, and all who may require an alarm of this description. Tho " Torrilhon" tire, tho latost French in- vention, xvould scorn to bo a vory efl'octivo pnouraatic tiro (says an exchange). Vulcanito linen oloth is largely used. Kvory inch of tho tiro has four cross Haps of rubber over it, over- lapping one anothor the wholo longth of tho tire, like the scales of a snake. This vulcanito cloth is wonderfully strong, and takes a hard dig with a sharp ponknifo to ponotrato. On 20th March a publie exhibition was made. Tho machine was ridden over a hundredweight of orushod glass spread over a traok, and yet no punotures wero made in the air-blown tiro. It wos then ridden ovor ground shown with car- pet and hobnails, and although over forty wore afterwards found sticking in tho tires no air escaped. A plank studded with sharp nails was also ridden, and tho result was highly satisfactory, as the tire appeared to be impene- trable. The road race for members of the Sydnoy Bioyelo Club took place on Saturday afternoon (says the S. 31. Herald of the 20th instant), and was a great success. The distance was over a course of ten miles. Tho field was a record one for a club event, twenty-seven mem- bers accepting their handicaps and starting out of thirty entries. The limit men, Devenish and Harris, wero sent on their journey by tho starter, Mr. W. R. George, sharp at 3.30, and wero followed at short intervals by the othor competitors, until, at 3.39, Kerr, the scratch man, star sed, and immediately foil. Ho mounted ajjain, howover, but did not begin to get among tho field till after leaving Botany. At Botany Kerr again fell, and, passing the orosB roads, was among the back men. Lan- caster caught tho judge's eyo very easily, F. G. Goodwin being second, and 0. A. Marshall third, and Byrnes just on his wheel. The riding of the men was excellent, and all finished close up. Tho previous best time for the course (32min. 30see.) was beaton by A. C. Goodwin, whoso time was 30min. 30sec; by F. G. Goodwin, 30min. 33see.; and by W. L. Kerr, 31min. 21sec. The f/ratnamed rode a Humber machine, and each of the three placed raen rode pneumatic-tired machines. It has been deoided by the Melbourne Bioyelo Club that only hard-tired ordinary machines shall be allowed for competition in the next Austral Wheel Race, all other classes of machines being barred, including the geared ordinary. A substantial prize is to be given for a safety race as a solatium. J. W. Lamb created a now world's record in tho six days' bicycle race at London a few week* ago. He covered 1013 miles 1 lap, riding a geared ordinary machine. The second man was lf.O miles behind. The second paper-chase of the Brisbano Safety Bicycle Club took" place last" Saturday afternoon, and was the causo ofi51a deal of excitf'incii:. About txventy-five* .¡wheelmen rnu>t"n><,t at the Normal School corner at 2.30 o'clw!».. nnd headed by the captain rode to the IlAim'itcui. The hares were M. Curtis and J. Adam, who had a plentiful supply of paper in bags on (heil backs. The feature of the run was that none but the hares knew where the finish xvas to lake place. Everything being ready thn liaies started off, and were followed five minutes later by the slow pack of hounds and ten minutes later by the fast pack. The hares immediately struck up the Racecourse road and laid a false trail over the flat to near the Nudgee-road, the proper one going up to the Racecourse-read to near the gates and then onto the Nudgee- road. From here the trail led right on to the Cemetery-road towards Nundah. On passing over some very bad road near the bridge over Kedron Brook two riders had an accident, one of the machines having some spokes ripped out of the back wheel. .From here a false trail went into Nundah, and a lot of the hounds got bushed, sonne riding down on to the Nudgee-road to the Toombul gates, and some atong the Sandgate-road. Finding no trail here they rode into Nundah again and picked the trail up, it leading over to the Hendra railway gatei, up Zillman- ioad, and round to Cía) field, keepiug on tho town J side of the lailvvaj line, and then across the function Bridge down on to tho Kedion Paik ] load a faloo hail being laid to neal tho i Magdalen Vsjlurn, the piopei trail going round Kedion Biook Hotel, and then towards tho 'bus stables. Tho trail was now followed past the Albion Sports Giound up lluongh tho Albion I railway gatos, and round tho hotel. Up the j hill a false hail was laid, going lound the j Now Sandgate load as fai as Petue s buck I vvoiks, the piopoi tiail being laid along tho Old Sandgate load as tai us Mi Beale s house, and then on to the New Sandgate load down on the Sefton Estate to Mi li W Cuilis's j house Mi Cm tis had lefieshments provided foi the cyclists, and at his invitation about j soventeen ejehsts sat down to tea, which all tlioioughli enjojed Aftci toa tho captain of the club, Mi Holdstock, mafovvvvoids tlwnlod Mi Curtis foi tho hospitaht) shown his. mon, and expressed tho hope that ovoijono would cany away a pleasant remembiniico of Mi Cmtis's kindness Mi Ciutis m a happj mood responded to the toast, and assuiod tho whcol men of his pleasuio at seeing thom piosont, and said that if on a futuio occasion a hunt should tako place he hoped it would linibh at lui place withtwico the numboi then piosont Shoitly aftonvaids tho ejebsts made a stait foi home, town being leaehcd at dusl It may bo mentioned that the hares auived ' twenty minutes befoio tho first hound tho othoi hounds aiming at mloivals of fiom five to ton minutes Tho chaso vv as o\ei somo veij good toads, and eveijonowas woll pleased with the afternoon's outing BOWLING On Satutday the attendance on tho Roma shoot Bowling gicon was lalhoi small, tal mg into considoiation the splendid vvcnthoi and excellent condition of tho glenn Tho follow nig gamos woio biought to aliiush - I Coulls, A Hunt, 21 M Milloi, A M'Intosh 12 J Smith 1 Moffatt, 21 Richnidson, J Clmlmeis, 20 