A RACE-MEETING IN THE BUSH. I A Tale From 'Way Back. Tiino ? Yob, wo did lmvo a time, and no kid about it; Btriko me dead if ovor I seen snch a- bloomin' picnic. Why, tho only man who kopt sober out of tho whole crowd was Pat Doolan himself, and he had such a seat of -work serving out drinks to all hands, that ho hadn't time to get drunk. His was the only pub within a iiuuurou nines, bo, or course, tuero was Renerally a good niuster ol chaps hanging round, looking for horses, picking up stray bullocks, and one thing and another, and when it got about that there was to be a race-meeting at Pat Doolan's pub, all hands started in to polish up thoir bits, and stirrup-irons, and grease thoir leathers; and Iot3 of covos took a couplo of days' work out of thoir best hacks, riding ovor to tho store at Wnlbadilla Station to buy flash gear for thoir mokes, such as double reined bridles with nickel buckles, smart saddle cloths, and aueh like fal-lals. Thero wasn't much - cattle mustering, or any work of that sort done for about a mouth before the meeting, for thero wasn't a station round tboso parts thai; hadn't got some sort of n. crock that was pretty slippery for a mile or so. ' Though, as old Dawson, from ' Emu Flat,' said, when 'Billy the Crane' was cracking up his wall-eyed filly with- the whito hind feet: — ' Yes, you think you'r* going mighty fast wbon you sea the trees slippin' past you ; but you wait till you get her alongside a smart horso or two. Don't talk to mo about pnes. Why; I'll jump oh one of them old milking cows, and do you bad for half a mile.' Anyone would have had to got up pretty early in the morning if they wanted.to take tea with old Daw son, and lots of the chaps said, when he won the .Squatters' Handicap, for grass-fed horeea only, that it was protty old fashioned grass that his horses -were trained on. Well, Pat Doolan's place was a sight for Eoro eyes on tho morning of tho races. There were about three- horses tied to each peg of tho rail in front of the shanty be longing to chaps who wore going to camp on the creek, and who had just tied up to go in and have a nobbier and hear the news ; and those that couldn't find a placo to tie their horse's iip' had to put them in tho yard, and thore-they wore, jammed- to- gether like tinned sardines, and squealing and biting and kicking ono another till you couldn't see 'eui for dust, Tho bar-room was full of squattors and drovors, bullock drivers, stockmen, and jackaroos, drinking whisky ' straight,' and mostly playing ??Yankee Grab' at a pound a 'pop,' and thore wasn't a man but was prepared to back his horse against all-comers for drinks round. A few of tho locnl celebritieH were sitting on one end of tho bar, swopping lies, and thoro was very nearly boing a row when 'Holy Ghost Bob,' the tenmster, swore that ho had once owned a poley bullock that could do his milo iu throe seconds under 'Cup' time, because- somoono suggested that Bob had been in front ' riding for his natural.' Jimmy Taylor's bay mare, PrincesB, was a hot favorite for the Stockmen's Bace, as everyone said she was tho smartost 'camp' mare in the district, and that when Jimmy himself was up on her thero wasn't a ' scrubber' ever lived that could get away from him. Of course the Publi can's Purao was to be tho groat event of the day; for horaos that had been in tho possession of nominators six months boforo the day of the rocoj.Ost up ; prizo, .£20. Chaps had brought horsoa 200 miles for this ovont, and some had got thoir wholo year's wages laid out in beta on their mounts. This promised to bo a splendid; race, and Joe Daly, the horse-breaker, who had a -C10 book on the principal event, waa laying 3 to 1 on tho field, in a manner that spoko well for tho roaring powers of Doolan's best O.V.G. - By the time dinner was ready, all hands hod about had enough talking, and wore beginning to think about the rani business of the dar i so tho meal — consisting of' hot corned boof, stewed kidnty, and cold roost, with cabbage, pumpkin, and 'murphies in thoir duds,' toppod up with plum duff — was edton iii comparative silence j and, lavo for a. station mind cutting his lip with his knife in his hurry to clear his plate for a socond helping of cornod-beof, and causing ? tho host to oxclaira : ' Take care, young man; tho bnelcR of them knives are vory sharp,' it passed off with out anything occurring to mar tho solem nity of tho feast. After dinnor partios began to arrive from nil directions, and af tor tho male portion of tho arrivals had wotted thoir whistlns at the pub, thoy all inado for tho rncecouiBe. First of all enme a buggy containing tho nmnagor of Spring Hills sheep station with his wife and daughter, escorted by a couplo of ' Colouinl cx purioncoB' on horaobnek. Then came a ' regular cavalcade of clmpa on horfiobnek, , ever; man on tho Bmartoot horso ho could | got, nithur bought or borrowed especially for the occasion ; blacksmiths, carpenters, loDcum, dam-makors, cooks, station hands, and all sorts ; some got up tremendous dukes, in cabbngo-trno hats and colored pnggarios, with brand now Bedford-cord trousors and leggings; others in clean moloskins and gaudy stripod shirts, all I'oiuly to go to their last shillings on their fancies, and all ready to drink thomselves blind, and have a rare good timo gonar ally. The cook and his wife, from Yanka bara, arrivod in a spring, cart, after throo days' journey. The biggCBt dash of all was cut by tho young follows from Wal langoola cuttle run, who drove ovor, night of, them in a waggonette, and six with a concertina and a cornet on board, making the dovil's own row.'as^tlioy drove up at a hand-gallop, pullod up Blap in front of tho pub., and called for champagno. It was champagne, too ; war ranted to kill at a hundred yards. The courso was about hnlf a mile from tho shanty, on a nice bit of a flat alongside the creek. A grandstand had been fixed up by putting half a dozen bullock waggons togother, and covering thorn with' chairs, tables, and anything that came handy in the way of a soat. There were two police-troopers, mighty flash in their now uniforms, with revolvers in their saddles, to keop ordor; not thut they were much wanted, for bushinon manage to got along poacoably enough without boing botherod with any bloming 'traps.' The clerk of tho -course, Mr. HU1, the manager of a big cattle station near, was riding about, very important in n red coat, mounted on a broken-down racer, and flying round like a blue-nosed fly in a tripe shop. ( Tho nieoting began with the Squatters' Handicap, for grass-fed horses only, overy horse guaranteed the bona-jide property of a squatter, and to be ridden by owners. Prize, w610; distance, 1 mile. When tho horses came out for their pre liminary canter, you'd have died to see old ' Greasy Anderson's ' fourteen stone hanging all over a nuggotty-looking brown filly, that looked lonely with out a spring cart behind her; and us he cantered past the Grand Stand somebody sang out, 'Two to one on tho mare with the pack on.' Well, they got away after three false starts, during which old Joe Hanning nearly got disqualified because he would catch hold of tho bridle of the horse next him to prevent him getting away in front. When they did get started Dawson went to the front, and stopped there, for, whether his black colt was frightened at the crowd, or whether the grass that he'd been trained on was of a very different sort that gone rally grows in tho bush, could not be ascertained, but, anyway, pull as he might, old DawBon couldn't keep him back a foot, and ho was heard to romark confidentially, after co;«ing in a winner by about 50yds, that ' he shouldn't be ablo to got a single bet on about him next year.' The next event was tho Hack Kace, for horses four years and over ; weightfor age; prize, .£3. Distance, half-a-mile. . Thero wero fifteen competitors for this race, and such a rum lot you never saw. There was tho storokeeperfrom Wlilbadilla, on, a mare called The Flying Squizzer, a great, tall, mouse-colored thing, with a neck at right angles to her back, and a long thin tail that she kept whiBkiug' around, fit to take a man's eye out. Then there was a great big, upstanding, raw boned devil of a grey horse, with a wicked eye, that young jlartin, v.-lio brought him over from Spring Hills, said ho'd back to hold his own with anything that ever lived, if he could onco got him going. But get him going he never did, for as soon as tho flag went down, down went my noble's bead, in went his tail, and up went his buck, and he started such a game of bucking that would have unstrippod any man almost; nevertheless young Martin sat him nobly for a good bit, bucking side ways, backwards, straight along for about twenty yards, then a mad tear at the reins and round again, snorting like a ' bumby' and jumpiug above four feot in the air with every buck, till at last, just when Martin's grip was giving, bang went tho girths and up flow Martin, saddlo aud all, like a sky-rocket, and' landed clean as a whistle on his back outsido the ropes, while the horse went tearing down the courso, catching his forefeet in tho bridle, into tho creek and over tho other side and away down the flat aa if the dovil was after him. Martin wasn't hurt much luckily, only shaken a bit, so thoy picked him up, aud gave hiui a nip of whisky; wheu ho startod, as well he might, cursing the horse for a1 jumped-up, slab-sided, owe-necked, pigeon toed, hung-together cow, and swore that if ho ever got him again ' he'd cut his A— — liver out, and slide on it.' Of course this unsettled the field a bit, but at List they got off, all fourteon of 'em, up in a bunch together, 'till about two hundred yards from home, wheu The Plying Squizzer came out of tho ruck, with a little rat of a bay pony on her girths, aud a rare race thoy inndo of it, neck aiid neck right up to the judge's box, while tho crowd raisod cries of, ' Sit down oil the mare !' ' Now then on tho pony 1' ' Gat your whip out, Jim I' It's a doad heat !!| 'No it ain't!' ' Good again, Jimmy, boy I' and so forth, as the mare got first past by a short head, and sailed clean round the courso again, with her head up in the air, before sho could bo pulled up. Tho Stockmon's Eace, which was the 'next event on tho programme, was won by a rank outsider, whom no one appeared to have ever seen or heard of. Of courso tho supporters of Taylor's colebrated mare, Princess, wero very much upset by this occurronco, and woro forced to seek conso lation from whisky, which both cheered and inebriated. To such an extent, indeed, were their Bpirits raisod by tho influenco of tho ' flowing bowl' that a conoert was organised on the spot, and all present wore obliged either to sing or ' Bhout'. drinks for the crowd. Needloss to say the majority preferred the former alternative. Hone* arose a veritable Pandemonium, which, if all accounts aro true, continued at intervals for a week; till finally, all hands being broke, or otherwiso liors de combat, peace was restored, and the locality roBumod its wonted tranquility. The proceedings terminated with the ' Publican's Plate,' the big event of tho day. This was won, after an exciting con toBt, by a very popular char'aoter, a butchor from the township of ' Eockdale,' about a. hundred miles distant. Tho hero was carriod to tho pub on the shoulders of his comrades, and thore fillod by the neok until ho was dead— drunk. From which delightful operation I have hoard it stated that ho never afterwards completely re covered. .....'! Wo will draw a veil ovor the subsequent proceedings, and considor it sufficient to say that a bigger or- more thoroughly 'businoBs-liko drunk than took place on that night has no ver ' been heard of before or since. ; . ?_; ', '.?:''. - ; ,:,. ' ?? ; ' ?... And all that they did, and the whisky thoy drunk, and the hoods that were cracked, and tho mouths that prevailod in the morning, nro thvy not mentioned in the chronicles of tho neighborhood? ? : Ono man thoro was who Btood porfeotly sober gloating ovor Iho prostrate forma of friuuds and toes aliko, quullud by tbo des potism of the great monarch, Drink, nnd that man's namo w»s Pat Doolan, ' and the naino was a publican aud a sinner.' i Bushman. 