When tides are booming with pros perity it ig good to be a numcipal councillor. It is dignified to leave tbe 6hop or the business in the hands of tbe foreman, knowing that the monej will go on coining just the same, and to stroll down to the shire or town hall to pat in a few hours' chatter, to authorise tbe floating of a loan for as many thous ands as you can count on your fingers and toes twice or thrice over, to author ise a few trifles in tbe shape of new halls and bridges, to assist at municipal functions with a lire governor and a few knights thrown in to gire tone to tbe affair. And to cat a dash at a mayoral ball, a reception, or a garden party. It is a splendid advertisement, and one can afford it — don't cher know, j Bat there is a reverse to the picture, and that reverse we are witnessing, in a municipal sense., now. Looking down the scanty list of candidates who may be expected to nominate this week for the annual elections one realises that 'hope's flattering tale' has been told in vain. Hen are minding their own business now as much as their creditors will let them, and they button up their breeches' pockets very tightly at the thought of spending a ten-pound note on a contested election. Tbe occupa tion of the electioneering agent is gone, and tho bill-poster is lamenting in sackcloth and ashes. Possibly the pubs, wonld not bare raised the price of nobblers had they not discerned afar off that there would be no free drinks this August ' Exactly so,' says a captious critic; ' but how about the men who are not in trade, who haven't any business to worry tbcm, and who can afford to pay tbe price of an election ?' The reply is that such men enter into public life for the glory and honor of the thing ; and there is neither to be obtained now. A soldier does not mind plunging into the battle, even though he is not under the necessity of being, as Dr.. Johnson defined it in his earliest dictionary, 'a hired assassin,' for the sake of a living. He may win glory there, but he ieaves to others -the task of burying the dead and carrying off the dismounted cannon. And the work of the next year in muni pal matters will consist largely in bury ing the dead. in all the municipalities will have the task of providing interest on ^he loans their predecessors so magnificently floated; they .will Jiave.to cut and retrench : and disappoint ' the ratepayer who wants ' just a few pounds ' spent down his street ; and there will bejtsw celebrations at which they may shine — no new halls to open, or public parks to display, or bridges toinaugurate. Being a councillor now means steady, down right bard graft to bring the marvellous financing of the past, into accord with the hard caBh of the present, and to pave the way for — well we suppose we may as well say it — the repeated ex travagance of the future. Parliament will pass the Municipal Indemnity Bill as a matter of course this year, but if it was not £pr that it would be a really risky thing being a councillor in many places during the next year or two. However, the lesson though sharp will to some extent be salutaiy. It is well to have the brake on sometimes if only to see whether the wheels are fiouxuL For the 'all and sundry w .reasons quoted *bcrre there will be an absence of the Btir and- bustle which until ^the last year or two characterised the August elections in 'Rah-' ran appears likely to hare only one contest; though it isqmteouthejeardj that ficaninatiin day will aee oneHnot two half-expected, half-doubtful namfts set up on the nomination board; while 1 at£t.Kilda there is little prospect of any contest beyond the one already announced. The last few years have witnessed.m.somewhat .stagnant state .of. affairs -in this district, neV men having just waited until the old ones stepped out probably bo ooundl in the colony will meet next month with more com paratively new faces tJ|Bn will Malvern. The' vacancies have been wonderfully frequent of late, and two years 5 have witnessed an almost entire transforma tion of tbe personnel of that body. Of the old veterans — the men who for so many long years steered the growing shire through its difficulties — but two rornfti'n in PM Ptmitt m„A ttrtnr WBnv who with Or. McKutlby form all that is left of the council of two years ago. Our report of the Piahran council meeting, which, by the way, was Dot (raoght with any particular interest, is unavoidably held over, together with a quantity of otber matter. The ueubebs of the newly-formed Lyric Clab, whose two-fold object is to assist in charitable movements and indnlgc in motoal socialities, will present an trn usoaliy fine programme this evening at their concert to be given at the Prahran Town-hall in aid of tbe fonds of the Mel bourne District 2sTcrsing Society — an in stitution which has strong claims opon the sympathy of the public. Tbe society, of which Miss Beckx is the zealous bon. Bee. retary, exists for the purpose of supplying nnrees to tbe sick poor in their homes, and an incalculable amoant of good has been accomplished in this direction in a quiet unostentatious way. But money is re quired to successfully condoct a mission of this character, and - the promotors find themselves confronted with the nsual monetaty problem which the Lyric Club has volunteered to assist in settling by giving a concert in aid of the fnnd6 of tbe society. The programme, which is of a varied and exceptionally attractive natore, will be carried out under the direction of Mr. A. Wallace, of the Lyric Club, who acted as musical director at the recent Tasmanian Exhibition, and it will include Birch's popular cantata, ' The Herry Blen of Sherwood' accompanied by the club's orchestra. His Excellency tho Governor and the Counteseof Hopetoun with their usual good nature have consented to be present, while Major-General Tolloch and officers of the defence forces will also t&tronisc; the entertainment ; so that it is but natural to Assume that the affair will prove in every sense a gigantic success. The hon. secretaries are Mr. F. L. KJin geuder and Mr. Nicol Turner, who have left no Btone un^jirned to secure the result all interested desire. AN EFFECTIVE LOCAL CHABITT OU a small ecale is being carried on by Mrs, Grover, of Argyle-street, fit. Hilda, -who for a couple of months past has been having a food distribution three times a week, whereby some 17 persons are kept in bread, meat and soap, tea and sugar, clothes, aod in some cases furniture. The main stay of these supplies is from tbe weekly contri butions of the residents of Argyle-6treet west, who give regularly cach Is. or 6d. weekly, and the cooking and distribution is done by Mrs. Grover. In the items of tea and sugar the stock is running low, and we take pleasure on Mis. Graver's behalf in asking for contributions of these or other suitable goods, from the charitably disposedt to farther what we can vooch for as an unostentatious but effective work. Any donation of this kind can be sent to Mrs. Grover, 'Oaldande,' Argyle-street west, St. Hilda, or to tbe Advertiser office, 209 High-street, with the certainty that they will be well applied. The Bev. John MacXbil, the popular missioner.commences a two weeks' mission at tbe Prahran Town-hall to-morrow even ing under the auspices of the combined Presbyterian churches at Prahran, St. Hilda, and 6outh Yarra. The mission will be continued every evening, with the exception of Saturday, till tbe 21th inst.; and in addition special meetings will be held at S p.m. with the object of causing a more intense desire for spiritual life. The rev. gentleman who has undertaken the mission is noted for his seal and Godliness and for the power for good which be wields over others, and great blessings are anticipated from the mission. The meet ings will be enlivened with music by a combined choir of great strength, and while they will be made spiritual feasting times for the devoutly inclined, the general public interested in their future welfare will obtain profitable instruction by. attending. A combined Sunday-school service will be conducted at tbe town hall next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock, when Mr. MacNeil will deliver an address entitled 41 The Magnet.' The Prahran Art Gallery has received a further Instalment of pictures from Mr. A. Nathan, of Chapel-street including several from tbe Berlin Exhibi tion, notably a copy of Gabriel Max's celebrated picture of " Christ Healing the Sick.' There is also an oil . painting, by Stock, of " Sunset in tbe Bass Valley, Blue Mountains," the atmospheric effect being very fine. Messts. Baton Bros^ of Com mercial-road, have further contributed a copy of Sir John Gilbert's historical painting of ' Heroes of the Crimea bung received by the Queen.' Another exhibit by the same firm is of unique interest, being two specimens of hand carving on card. The work is done . by .a lady with a penknife and is exquisitely finfatu*!, Among other exhibits of interest the autograph letter of the Dake of Edinburgh to the. Prahran I council on the occasion of his visit to the colony has just been framed and hung in the gallery. Tbe constant issue of summonses for rates of late shows that the end of the municipal financial year is drawing nigh. On the 2nd inst. Prahmn had £4,622 of rates outstanding in contradistinction to £1,671 at the same time last year, while there was also a balance of £897 arrears from previous yean, £185G 13s. fld. on formation works, and £253 on tarpaving, making a total of £7828 outstanding, an amount pretty heavy for this time of tbe year. There was a credit balsnoe in tbe bank of £2818, against which payments were authorised on' Monday to the amoant of £563. ordcxs were given^in debt cases as fol j io^^-HT^Hobottom vV Fre&erickTIolt;, ! £7; «wen Martagh v. Agnes Dooglas, j iei lQa.; Elisabeth Booth v.B^jjgefien teo6k, £110a.; Victorian Jimnet£ gjo Company 9. and 'China lltaa AmsitiOB, ^lO.lii 4d.$ John ltoTri^ fuul'Cik, JBettge 1 Bo%^l 18& M. ; j ffcvtiL&aair.; ITodt 8mftfa,i£92 €a. ~ ; IiAot, . JSatubday evening the lads Of ithp^Sbtnak attd Seath -Yarra Try Society were entertained by Messrs. George and Charles Testes, the proceeds being in aid of , the general expense fund. These was a i )a«ge attendance -of lads and their friends, and a very profitable and enjoyable even ing was spent, the views exhibited 'being of an instructive and humorous description which earned for Messrs. Teates the lusty applause they received. \- -6mcE~THBYXBST MEBXUOttf ladies in the beginning of June In connection with the' reliet of the unemployed in Prahran, when there were 50 cases to consider, the sphere of operations las become consider' ably augmented, there now being about 350 with a weekly expenditure varying from 3s. to 10s. per week for each case, according to tbe needs -and number of the family. In every instance a visit and a searching inquiry is instituted before relief is given, many of the lady visitors having ss many as 40 cases in their districts ; and as these have to be attended to weekly it can easily be seen what heavy demands are made on their time. Dona tions and valuable parcels of new clothing have been received from several tradesmen and the Dorcas Societies, and have proved a boon to wives and families this cold weather, and we would impress on our readers the urgent need there is for a con tinuation of tbe supply of old clothes and boots, which will be gladly received at the Soup gttfthwij 2 G rattan-street. Local ekterprise in SL Hilda is by no means at a standstill yet, the latest being the formation of a limited company which starts with exceptional promise of success. The St. Hilda Steam Laundry Company, whose prospectus appears in another column, will prove a decided acquisition and a great convenience to St. Hilda residents who now send their wash* ing out of tbe district. The company ' intend to purchase the property known as the Skating Bink, opposite tbe St. Hilda station, which will be thoroughly renovated and fitted up with the latest improved machinery, and the services of a manager of long experience in the business have been secured. With the facilities thus given, the work will be performed most expeditiously and in the best possible manner. The company will employ no Chinese labour. The prospects of success are of the brightest, as can be jadged by tbe namesof tbe well-known and public-spirited citizens who appear on the list of pro visional directors and who are all share holders. Besides these may be mentioned Crs. O'Donnell and Jacobv, Mr. O'Cal laghan, and others of the same standing. The patronage of several large establish ments is already guaranteed, and in the one item of tbe purchase of the property, the rate at which it has been Bccurcd ensures a large prospective increase in value, lying as it does on the line of the proposed railway extension. We are in formed that a large number of shares have been applied for, and investors are advised to make early application, as there is no doubt that the company will become a solid and prosperous concern. At the Malvern ooubt on Saturday before Major Bartrop, P.M., and Messrs. Budd, Sykes, Edsall and Kosky, J's.P., a young woman named Annie Snmpton was charged with unlawfully abandoning a female child . The girl alleged the father of the infant was a Mr. Manning of Drysdale-road, and she left tbe little thing at the young man's mother's residence. Tbe police did not press the charge, and accused was liberated, taking the baby with her. Ada Wilson was fined 10s. with 42s. costs for travelling on the railways without a ticket, and Alfred Johns was mnlct in the sum of 40s. with 42s. costs for the same ofipnee. Messrs. Parslow Jones and Co. obtained a verdict for £24, for goods supplied, against Wm. Brokensha. I * ' I Mb. F. Wilson, senior, the originator of the Prahran Art Gallery, has a communi cation to-day in our correspondence col , umns, in which he expresses regret at there not being more interest taken in that insti tution. We commend Mr. Wilson for the seal which he baa displayed, but think that he is expecting the gallery to achieve fame too rapidly. It is slowly bnt surely gaining popnlarity, and no effort has been made to boom it. Indeed it will get along better if it is allowed to engraft itself into tbe affections of tbe local public by degrees. We hare} bad too many booms in Melbourne! and have come to the conclusion that a . slow and sure policy gets you there all the same. Kevertheless, there is a useful moral io Mr. Wilson's letter which we hope our citizens will heed. The South Suburban Horticultural Society held their usual monthly meeting in the Prahran Town-hall on Thursday evening last, but owing to the conservatory beiog otherwise engaged the attendance was not large. Awards were made to Mr. D. M. Boss, senior, for pot orchids; Mr. G. H. Greenwood and Mrs. fitoddart, cut camellias. The consideration of final ar rangements in connection with the spring show was adjourned until next meeting. Details of the costohe football match to-morrow were settled at a large and lively meeting of the 8t. Hilda Trades men's Clnb at the Jlown hall on Monday night, presided over by the Hon. George Turner. It was stated that only the Police Band had been procured, which will give a splendid programme ' of music on the ground. As the price of admission is so low it was decided not to have a proccssion through the city, but to ' have a grand march around the ground prior to the game. At half time six ladies snd six gentlemen from the Prahran Amateur Operatic Com pany will give the Maypole dsnce from Le* Cloclics de OornetiUe in front of tbe grand stand. About sixty names have been handed in and the aides have been selected by tbe match committee, to be distinguished by red and blue colors, Mr. A W. Clapham captaining the blues aad Mr. Sept. Wilson tbe reds. Mr. P. G. McShane will act as central umpire snd Messrs. Bstt and Hunter as goal umpires. These details, by the way, are authentic, although they differ from the remark able fairy atory with which . a con temporary was got at last week. Any suspicion of expertness in the game will disqaallfy. .The costumes- will be varied, startling, and in some instances ofa most comical description. We are not going to give particulars as tbey can be seen on the ground st a very moderate price. (Tickets for sale everywhere). Al together the day promises to be a great success if the dark of the weather is obliging. Thb CAUliFlELD_(Iate SL Kfldalyhort . is. on his hind lega lagaiou . l^st Thursday, night about wven^o'cIockf MIss 'Bstb& Stewart, daughter ol Mis. Maria Stewart, of Loch-street, was riding towards Oaa^r ' £e)d on the Balaclava-road, jffeu^the' Orrong-road, a . man on a pony« sWith p blackened face and a white cloth -over him *fif and his :horaet rode round ths corner. and attempted to seise Miss Stewart's reins, jil the siuae time flashing a jbnll's eye lantern into her face. The noise . of an approaching baggy scared his equestrian ghost-ship, who made off as rapidly as four or six legs could carry him. It is now Jbelicved that a clue has been obtained to Mr. iSpoolft identity and it is only »- | 'questionof titne when be wfll be 'brought to book, unless some benefactor of his race is lucky enough to shoot him in the mean time. The musical evenings at Griffin's Star and Garter Hotel, Bobe- ssreet, St. Hilda , are deservedly growing in favor, as was shown by the number present last Friday night. Mr. A. E. Lewis swung tbe chairman's baton, with Mr. C. B. Williams beaming opposite, and some excellent har mony was evolved. Messrs. Griffin and Gibson gave 'Bound the Town' vealisti. cally, and the former was also responsible for M The Grass Widower ' and ' I Did Laugh/' while the latter perpetrated ' Madame Duval ** and u 'Ave a Glass ; ' Mr. Isidore Goldstein recited a burlesque ' Light Brigade ' and ' How wc won the Cap' in character ; Mr. Edwards, 'Tbe Old Actor ** and ' Close to tbe Threshold ; ' ' the vice-chairman gave two charming flute solos; Mr. Harry Williams sang 'Touch the Harp Gently ' and ' At my Window Mr. Josephsou gave 'No, my Coarage' and ' The Vision ; ' Mr. Winter, ' Let me Like a Soldier Fall ' and 41 Carroty Sal ; ' Mr. Dare, 'Tbe Bomany Lass;' Mr. Fitzer, ' Anchored ; ' Mr. Cameron, ' The Good Old Times ; ' the chairman, la Queen of the Earth : ' Mr. Walton. ' The Villaee Blacksmith ' and ' A Warrior Bold ; ' Mr. Stephens, ' Here upon my Vessel's Deck ; '' Mr. Thompson and Mr. Fagermals har monised the ivories, and all present agreed that an exceedingly pleasant evening had been spent. Considerable interest continues to be taken in the Bev. T.J. Malyon's Thursday cveniog Bible Beading? at the South Varra Baptist Church, the audience last Thursday being a large and appreciative one. The subject was a delicate one, requiring dis criminate handling before, a mixed audience, bat the rev. gentleman's tact and intelligence surmounted the difficulty, A brief resume of the Beading is publiabed in another part of this issue, and we regret that the exigences of spacc prevents our giving a more lengthy report The ubetikg of the SL Hilda Literary Association on Monday week was occnpicd in the reading aud criticism of an interest* ing paper entitled 'A Trip to Narbethong,' by Mr. James M'Intyre. The essayist's effort met with friendly criticism at the hands of Messts. Shepherd, Fitch, P. Abbott, Macbin, aud Ford, whilst approval was unanimon&ly; expressed of the perspicuous and concise way in which the essayist bad treated his subject. Last Monday evening Mr. Machiu read a paper on 'The Stage and its Influences,' a fuller reference to which will appear in our issue of 6atarday. *Tbe association, which meets every Monday at the Alma-road Congregational schoolroom, is undenominational and a welcomc is extended to intending members- and visitors. It is with the utmost regret that we record tbe dangerous state of mind in which the Caulfield council's shiltingau inch medinms arc in at the present moment over the comments which appeared in our issue of Wednesday last in regard to the way the Caulfield council is being run. Oar ' contemporaries are suffering from emotional insanity aggravated by cerebral disturbances of the sensatory functions which induce hypnotic cerebration of the ganglia— and their case is hopeless. Tbavellers by bail who delight in gymnastic practice in jumping on and off trains while in motion will probably take warning, for a couplc of days at least, by a narrow cscape from an unpleasant and sudden demise which befel a gentleman at SL Hilda last Friday evening. Mr. Wm Swan, living at Moonec Ponds, essayed this tempting exercise and very nearly got dragged between tbe train and platform, gettingoff with the compound fracture of au ankle. He was taken to tbe Melbourne Hospital and his injuries attended to. 