? ~y ?'? m& ^irs:.'k^m- ??? ???-?? ? ? ? TRITE VERSh^Vf THE STORY/ REPORT O? THE TRIAL. - LXECUTION oFSe MUBDERER. The story of Pishir's ghost , is pretty well tnown in Australia, afoiqagh there are different accounts of it. The ubstanee of these stories all amount to much the same thing. They )i--tribute the discovery of Fisher's murder and cue arrest of the murde ^r to tbe- appearance of the victim's ffhost sittip ? on a fence. As will be I discovered from the aco mpanyiog copy of a re f port of the trial, the m^dered Mr. Fisher if he did re-visit the scene of is tragic death, in order to bvin^ about the co. fiction of his assassin, might just as well have swpped away and saved tiiB^meinory from the ch £ge of Having sat on a rail when he ought to h:^e been.better.Bmployed. '2 'he murder of Fisher w* ^discovered and ttee con viction of Worrall the cybderer obtained by the ?*^j;a!'vmeaas, and all ine romance is .knocked ft-il of the story }.y the indisputable record of the trial. |0h«i faets connected. with his disappearance pointed, bo clearly to foul -nlay that most readers of the report will agree xvitk n-hat Hamlet said \\- an even more famous gbcst than that of the lamented Fisher : ' There Seeds no ghost come frcti the grave to tell us this.' More than one jersion of the Fisher c-host story lays the scene -f it at Penrith:- In a i7ar back number of 'Household Words' the 'Story of the Penrith -4iost' is told, and told wrona-ly, and a similar '.wry small mixture of facts, with a large proportion of fiction, is still on sale in a book which, amor r other '* true stories ' of Australia, gives a versjbn of Fisher's ghost. The ghost story sets forth hhat Fisher and Wor rsll (who is called Smitf |n one version) were seated in a public-hous' '-; ^nritb one night, vLen Worrall told tht -:.V;5prd that Fisher was goin^ to England, ana would' leave him in charge of his ef&cts.; The landlord asked Fisher if this was frue, and the latter replied that it was, and that lie was going tome sLicrfcl'y, but would say goodbye . first. Six weeks later Fisher suddenly disappeared, and Worrall said that he had gone to Eigland, and that he (WorraU) was empowered b pay his debts and generally administer his affairs. A year elapsed, and Worrall rave out that he had received a letter from Fisher, instructing him to sell for cash all his property, which Was of considerable value. Acting on a power of attorney which he held, and exhibiting the lette^ of instructions to sell purporting to come frdn Fisher, Worrall advertised the whole of the property for sale. A month previous to the day ^*f the sale an old man stated that he had seen ?.ther Fisher or his ghost sitting on a fence, anifl that he had wit L nesssd this apparition three ; times. The story |l goes that the old m'an was returning from market, W- and that he had been drinkng, but was not B' tirunk. On one occasion when the old man saw k the ghost he was in company wish two other men. i He 'directed their attention t- the apparition ¥ sitting on a rail, and they aso declared that they saw it. The old mai came to the conclusion that there had betn foul play, and marked the spot. He cut a totch in the rail where the spectre's hand had rested, and piled up & heap of broken boughs from a tree near by. The next morning information was given by those who saw the ghost to a justice of the peace, who, accompanied by black tracfers, proceeded to the marked spot and discovered stains of blood. Tracks of a man's footsteps were traced for a mile, and the work was made easj, as no rain had fallen for 15 -months. By-and-b;e a waterhole was come across, and in it was found a body. Certain marks on it, and a knife n the trousers pocket, enabled those present to ideitify the body as that of Fisher. TbeJ.P. then went to Wor rall's house and asked him to explain how he became possessed of Fisher's property. Worrall's replies, and his behavior when the b-dy of Fisher was suddenly brought in and laid -n his veran dah, -was so suspicious that the JP. had him arrested. The , rest of the storj gives an account of the trial and execution of tie murderer.. This account is purely an imaginary one, and states that the witnesses were the ^rsons who saw the ghost, and allows the reader fy infer that Worrall was convicted chiefly througt their evi dence. It is even suggested, although n-t directly stated, that the judge referred to tie super natural evidence in his summing up. \ The con fession of the murderer, as given in \ she ghost story, bears no resemblance to the true onfession of Worrall. ' A short summary of the facts given beovr show how very far from iUe truth is this ' trie ghost story.' Fisher disappeared on June .6, 1826. Three weeks later Worrall, who had beei living witli him and who was one of the last persons seen in his company, tried to dispose of i horse the property of Fisher. The horse ant other property belonging to Fisher was known t» be in possession of Worrall. Worrall ga\9 no satisfactory reason for having these goods in his possession, and the only dobtment he could produce was a receipt purporting to be in the handwriting of the deceased, but^vhich several witnesses were able to swear #as a forgery. Naturally suspicion was aroused the matter was reported to the magistrate, ? aid a search was instituted for signs of foul klay. Blood stains were found about 50 rods |?om WorralTs house. In a creek, near by, the tody of Fisher was discovered, and Worrall Was arrested soon after. To sum up, Fisher Ris appeared without leaving behind any reasonsior his disappearance. Three weeks after his Sg appearance suspicion was aroused and Womll was suspected as one of the last persons seenVm the missing man's company, and as being |;n possession of the missing man's property. |i twelvemonth did not elapse, as stated in tte story, before Fisher's absence was the subject |? inquiry. Foul play was suspected very soon ik deed, considering the time and place, affceji Fisher's death. Naturally, when a magistrate was informed, lie caused a search to be made for signs of a struggle, or for the body of Fisher} and, as was expected by everyone, traces were! soon found of what had occurred. The finding of the body completed the chain of evidence against Worrall. The only remarkable thing about the discovery of this murder is the fact that so many people even nowadays believe that fisher's ghost had a hand in it. People, -when asked what they think of it, often answer, ' Oh, well, «f course, I don't believe in ghosts; but then you know it was peculiar how this murder was discovered, seeing that there was no clue to it at -?]!.' The evidence shows t.^at there were plenty of clues, without the ghost, and the probability is that the person who witnessed the apparition of Fisher saw the spirit long after the discovery of the crime and the place where it was committed. It is c[uite likely that in 1827 there were persons in Campbelltown capable of seeing ghosts, and it is certain that many people believed in the possi bility of their appearance. Worrall, at his' trial in his defence, declared that other men who were in the company of the deceased on the night of his murder did the deed. He declared he saw the murder committed, but had made a solemn pledge to the assailants not to reveal the crime. The trial is fully reported in the Sydney Gazette of February 5, 1827. The Australian, in its issue fox the same date, gives a brief accout of it. The following is the report from the Gazette : 