OUR Ol'EJtSEAS MEX. nv nrnvAun KIPLING IN THE MEi.BoriiNK Argus. PAKT I. *' For hope of cain, or sake or peace, Or lii'ccfl of (rolden icc, I Ye «nwt uni, noll rôtir çallcv-slovc» That row you over the sea. For tlicy come of ymir Moori, or your own blood. Hy your own tîoda they Bwear, Ko you must not bell them oven-eas,. because- they rowed you Oicre." . - Kira Ernie. AU things considered, tlierc aro only two kinds of men in thc world-those that stay at homo and those that do not. Thc seennd arc tho most interesting. Sonic day n man will bethink himself, and write about thc breed in a book called "Thc Book of thc Overseas Club," for it is at thc club-houses all thc way from Adcu to Yokohama that the life of thc Outside Men is best seen, and their talk best heard. A strong family likeness runs through both building and members, ami a large and careless hospitality is the note. There is always thc same open doored, high-ceiled house, with matting'on thc floors; the same come and go of dark-skinned ser- vants ; and thc same assembly of men talking horse or business, in raiment that would fatally scandalise a London committee, among files of newspapers from a fortnight to five weeks old. Thc life of thc Outside Men in- cludes plenty of sunshine, and as much air as may be stirring. At thc Cape, where thc Dutch housewives distil and sell the very potent Vandcrhum, and tho absurd home- made hansom cabs waddle up and down' the yellow dust of Adderley-strect, aro thc members of thc big import und export firms, the shipping and insurance offices, inventors of mines, und exploiters of new territories, with now and then an officer strayed from India to buy mules for thc Government, n Government-house aide-de-camp, a sprinkling of thc officers of the garrison, tanned skippers of thc Union and Castle lines, and naval officers from the squadron at Simon's Town. Here they talk of thc fittiB of Cecil Rhodes, the insolence of Natal, the beauties or otherwise of .the solid Boer vote, and the dates of steamers. Thc argot is Dutch and Kaffir, Bnd every one can hntn thc'national anthem that begins " Pack your kit and trek, Johnny Bowlegs," lu thc stately Hong Kong clubiiousc, "which ia to thc further what thc Bengal Club is to the nearer East, you meet much thc same gathering, menus thc mining speculators, and pim laen whose* talk is of tea, silk, shirting, and Shanghai ponies. The speech of the Outside Men at this' point becomes fearfully mixed with pidgin-English and local Chinese terms, rounded with corrupt Portu- guese. At Melbourne, in a long verandah giving on a grass plot, where laughiug jack- asses laugh very horribly, sit wool kings, premiers, and breeders of horses after theil kind. Tho older men talk of thc days of the Eureka Stockade, und thc younger of " shear- ing wars" in North Queensland, while thc traveller moveB timidly among them wonder ing what under the world every third word may mean. At Wellington, overlooking tin harbour tall right-minded clubs should copi maud thc sea), another and yet a like sort ol men speak of sheep, thc rabbits, thc land courts, and the ancient heresies of Sir Juliui Vogel ; and their more expressive sentence: borrow from the Maori. And elsewhere, and elsewhere, and elsewhere among thc Outside Men it is thc same - the same mixture of every trade, calling, nnd profes- sion under the sun ; thc same clash of con- flicting interests touching thc uttermost cuds of the earth ; the same intimate, and some- times appalling, knowledge of your neigh- bour's business and shortcomings ; thc samo large-palmed hospitality, and thc same keen interest on thc part of the younger men in thc legs M a horse. Decidedly it is ut thc Oversea Clubs all the world over that you get to' know some little of tho life of thc community. London is egotistical, and thc world for her ends with thc four-mile cab i radius. . There is no provinuialisiu like thc provincialism of Londou, That big slack-water coated with the drift and rubbish of a thousand mon's thoughts esteems itself the open sea because thc waves of all the oceans break at hoi1 borders. To those in ber midst she is terribly imposing, but they forget that there is more than one kind of imposition. Look back upon her from ten thousand miles, when the mail is just in atan Overseas Club, and she is wondrous tiny, i Nine-tenths of her news-so vital, so epoch making over there -loses its significance, and thc rest is us thc scuffling of ghosts in a back attic. . . Herc in Yokohama tho Overseas Club has two mails and four sets of papers- English, French, German, and American, as suits the variety of its constitution-aud thc verandah by thc sea, where the bin telescope stands, is a perpetual Pentecost. The population of the club changes with each stouincr in harbour, for thc sea captains swing in, arc met with " Hello ! where did you come from?" mix at the bar and the billiard tables for their ap poiutcd time, and go to sea ugain. The white-painted warships supply their con- tingent <if members also, und. there are wonderful men, mines of most fascinating adventure, who have an interest in sealing brigs that go to thc Kurilc Islands, and somehow getjnlo trouble with tho Russian authorities. Consuls and judges of thc con- sular courts meet men over on feave from the China ports, or it may bc Manilla, ,and they all talk tea, silk, banting, and ex- change with thc fixed residents. Everything is ulways as bud as it cnn' possibly bc and everybody is on the verge of ruin. That is why, when they have dcCided that life is no longer worth living, they go down to the skittle-alley-to co m nut suicide. From the outside, when a cool wind blows among the papers and there is a sound of smashing icc in an inner apartment, and every third man is talking about the approaching races, the life seems to bc a desirable one. " What more could a man nceil lo make him happy ?'? says thc passer-by- A perfect climate, a lovely country, plenty of pleasant Bocicty, and thc politest people nu earth to deal willi. Thc resident smiles and invites thc passer- by to slay through July and August. Further, he presses him to do business with thc 'lolitost people ou earth, aud to continue so doing for a tenn of years. TIIUB the traveller perceive« beyond doubt that the resident is prejudiced by the very fact of his residence, aud gives it as his matured opinion that Japan is a faultless lund, marred ouly by the presence of thc foreign aominunily. And yet, let us consider. It is thc foreign community that buvc made it possible for the traveller to come and go from hotel to hotel, to get bis passport for inland travel, to telegraph his safe arrival to anxious friends, und generally to enjoy himself much more than he would have been able, to do in his own country. Governments and gunboats may open u land, but.it is the men of thc Oversea Club that keep it open. Their re- ward (not alono in Japan) is thc bland patronage or tho scarcely veiled contempt of tljosu who profit by their labours, lt is hope- less to explain to a traveller who has been " ohai/oed into half a dozen shops and " myonaraed ". out of half u dozen more, and politely cheated in each one, that thc Japanese is an Oriental, anil, therefore, embarrassingly economical of thc truth. "That's Iiis polite- ness," says thc traveller. " He does not wish to hurt your feelings. Love him and treat him like a brother, and he'll change." To treat one of the most secretive of races on a brotherly basis is not very easy, and the natural politeness that enters into a signed nnJ.sealed contract und undulates nut of it so soou as it does not sufficiently pay is more than embarrassing. It is almost annoying. The want of fixity or commercial honour may bc due to some natural infirmity of the artistic temperament, or to thc manner in which . thc climate bas affected and his ruler has ruled thc man himself for untold centuries; Those who know thc East know where thc system of* "squeeze," whioh is commission, runs through every transaction of life, from the sale.of a groom's place upward, lohere (he wowan walls behind the. man in (he utreelH, and where thc peasant gives you for the dis- tance to the next town as many or as few miles as he thinks you will like, that these things inust lie so. Tho?e who do not know will not be persuaded till they have lived there. Thc Overseas Club puts up its collec- tive liosej-xornfully when it h a 's of the new and regenerate Japan sprung to life since thc seventies. It grins, with shanie bc it written, at au Imperial diet modelled on thc German plan and a Code Napoleon d la Japannaiix. It is so far behind thc new era as to doubt that un Oriental country, ridden by etiquette of thc sternest, and social distinctions almost as hard as those of caste, can be-turned out to Western gauge in the compass of a very young luau's life. And it luuBt be prejudiced, because it is daily and hourly in contact with thc Japanese, except when it can do business ' with tho Chinaman, whom it prefers. Was . there ever so degenerated a club ? 