BEAL GHOST STORIES. (From the Review of Reviews.) how a betting man was converted. \- One of the 'most interesting cases of premoni tions occurring iD a dream is that which I have received from the Rev. Mr. Champness, who is very well known in the Wesleyan denomination, and whose reputation for sterling philanthropy and fervent evangelical Christianity is much wider than his denomination. Here is the story, as Mr. Champness sends it to me : — When reading the Ghost Number of the Review of Reviews, especially that which relates to doubles in dreams, I was reminded of something which happened to myself. Some years ago, when work ing aB an Evangelist, it was arranged that I should conduct a Mission in a town which I had never visited before, and where, so far as I remember, I did not know a single person, though I ought to say I was very much interested in what I had heard about the place, and had been led to think with some anxiety about the Mission. It wonld appear that on the Saturday night preceding the Mission a man in the town dreamed that he was standing opposite the chapel where the Mission was to be held, and that while he was standing there watch ing the people leave .the chapel, a minister, whom he had never seen before, came up to him and spoke to him with great earnestness about religi ous matters. He was so much impressed by the dream that he awoke hie wife, and told her how excited he was. On the Sunday morning he went to the chapel, and greatly to his astonishment, when I came into the pulpit he saw that it was the man whom he had seen in his dream. I need not sav tbat he was verv much impressed, and took notice of everything that the preacher said and did. When he got home he reminded his wife of the dream he had had, and said, " The man I saw in my dream is the preacher this morning, and preaches again to-night." This interested his wife so much that she went to the chapel with him in the evening. - He attended on Monday and Tues day evenings. On the Tuesday evening after the service be waited outside the chapel. To his great surprise, when 1 came out of the chapel I walked straight up to him, and spoke to him energetically, just as he bad seen on the Saturday night. The whole thiftg was gone over again in reality, just as it bad been done in the vision. On the Wednes day evening he was there again, and I remonstra ted with those who had not yielded to the claims of Jesus Christ. I pushed them . very hard, aud was led 'to say, without premeditation. 'What hinders you ? Why do you not yield yourself to Christ ? Have you something on a horse ?' Strange to say, there was a race to be run next day, and he bad backed the favorite, and stood to win 8 to 1. As he said afterwards, " I could not lug a race horse to the penitent form." After the service, he went straight to the man with whom he had made the bet and said, " That bet's off," which the man was very glad, as he expected to lose the bet. Sure enough, when the race was run the one that had been backed did win, but he had given up any in tention of winning money in that way, and that night decided to become a Christian. He haB since then died, and I have good hope seeing him in the country where we may perhaps understand these things better than we do now. The same kind of dream, foreshadowing some thing to happen in connection with public worship, is Bent me by an old lady in Yorkshire, who vouches for its accuracy : — When young, and staying in the town of W., I was mnch troubled for a long time by spiritual doubts, so much so that sleep became an impossi bility. One morning, while lying awake with closed eyes, between two and three o'clock, I became con- scions of a bright light in the room. Opening toy eyes, I saw at the foot of my bed a very beautiful woman, shionded from head to foot in a veil of light, a lovely smile on her face. She held in her hand a bible, and fixing her shin ing eyes on me, said, in soft, silvery, angelic tones : — " Because of thine unbelief hast thou brought darkness into thy soul. Hope thou in God, for thou shall yet praise him !" I closed my eyes for awe, and when I ventured to look up the vision had disappeared. The spiritual darkness continued. Three weeks afterwards, at the same hour as be fore, as I lay awake, the same beautiful visiou ap peared again, and the same angel voice said : " Take to thyself the shield of faith, the sword of the spirit, and the helmet of salvation." Then, after a moment's pause, it repeated, very impres sively, " But above all lay hold On faith's victorious shield." I closed my eyeB as before, and the vision had fled when I re-opened them. The week following, on the Sabbath, I stood at the house door, strangely undecided as to what place of worship to go to that morning, although I had all my life attended the services of the Wes leyan Methodists. My companion, now dead, noticing my nnusual indecision, recommended a chapel near at hand, whioh was a favorite with her ; but I could not feel that that was the right place. Passing along the street, hesitating and nndecided still, we came to the door of the church which I never attended. A sudden impulse drew me into it. Singularly enough the clergyman gave out as his text the very passage repeated by the aDgel at her second visit ; and at the conclusion of the sermon, the hymn was Bang containing the quoted couplet : — " But above all lay hold On faith's victorious shield !" 