OUR IELBOLTURNE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN COlRRSPUODENTS.) Sept. 6. "The spring is here, with all its golden gleams Its silky breezes and its spicy odors." Onc wiouidi hive thought so lust Sunday, walking. 'as' it 'eas our pleasure to walk, along the hanks of the Yarra where it weuds between the two asylums, Kew and Yarra Bend.', Studley Park is well-known to all city folk, but between the Park and the village of Fairfield, in the direction of Heidelberg, there is a beontiful stretch of river scenery which is knowni to very'few; and this, no doubt, is the re oson why we saw so many refreshing evidleles of a change of season:l iThe hanks'of the river were clothed with..a.:earpet.of-.nusulliiedt g tee, which spread back into cultivated fields sacred to tile ollicials and iunlttes of the asylums. We wandered along the margin, inhaling the odors caught by the soft warm breeze in its piasago through gro~ve of the golden tufted wattle, and with a cloudless sky overhead andl countless (lowers undler feet, concluded it was possible to feel happy even in Victoria. In one of the fields, a 11lan with a toythe was mowing sweet-scented hey, andl so silent was the scene that the act' be ume a peaceful Sablbath one, whictl no man could blame. These fields' eomprise hundreds of acres, and in Mr Gillies' fdmous Budlget of the boom time; it will ba rcilellibered'i was proposed to cut thell up into allotments for public sale, and thereby re.li?e many hundreds of thousands of pounds. But fortunately this was ioutdone, and they still constitute wllat are known as the Asylum reserves:; - .. . It is a? ?ttdlished esying in Victoria that spring' will'`work wonders in the way of placing people on their feet again.. This is what we heard all throughl the winter of 1883, when the land hbom was really on its last legs. " Wait till the spring" was"the boomer's cry, asnd when tspring, alas, did comle, it let the bottoma out ot the boom, and then followed the summer as well as the winter of our discontent, with :o appreci able change of weather sine. " The lowrers tl.itht bloom in the spring" have withered with our hopes of better times, until now, at the very commencement of the season, we feel a little doubtful of the realisation ofthe faint hlopes people have cherished through this, the most disastrous of ill the winters. But hence loatthed melanocholy ! Ye still believe there are better tiu.s colling. 1\e suppose it is not lnlything like an aosociationl of i leas, but simply at uagreement of soulnd atld spel ins which makes s think, at this point, of Sprin4hleel Jack who mlost be retarded by somlle people ie has frightened as the personoiiietion of the approachl of iptini. H[e Ilas een spriuging upon uun protected males ndlil females i Mlelhonune suburbs, which are to each other as DLso to Beersheba. Front Hfiwthoru to Coburg ten miles awaiy, a?il froit \\\'illiuiistown to Clifton Hill, is a hbi sprino, h,.t it is not too big for this'notoriouts Jack, lwho, aceordigi to many anl varied acsouut, possesses the most marvellous running and jumping powers. We are told ihow oil one night a gentle girl swoons away oil the appearanoce of the white-sheeted horror, to le followed by a story of how nio sil rtly fellows bent upon reveuge sally out illie it niglht, only to foll one the top ,f the othier in un i?gony of fear, before they knIow where trhey are or swhere Jack hals sprung from or oprun? t-. \Vhether he is a gisveryrud ghost, or no aiumatedl lump of indiurnbhber, or an in genious construction of fl-ish and blood with a weakness for practical joking, it is time it was craught and the spriingess taiken out of it. As we write, there is a visitor from Wrlestern Au?tr.lima wile it telliut somiteboly ill reply ti a lquetio: tlhat lanl is worth I hiviig ill tlii ltar west, iniil, moreover, that he would souoner be the owner of ya allot ments near Perth than of one in, say, the delectable suburb of Footscray. Ad mitting that one was a sand lot and the other a mud lot, hle couii ll l a market for the formbr, but it would he dificult, if not impossible, to arrange evenr a mortgage on the latter. Per th then for him. where there were ready money transuetions, and where business did not happen to be particu larly brisk, was at any rate safe. He thought that Melbrorne people were wise to invest a little money, as some of them are doing, in Perth allotments, but he would advise them to run over and judge for themselves before ther purchased the land, for then, like the boy who recommended, the Scotch pie shop, they cou'd any they had been there, and had not hboght a pig in a poke. As for invest. meat in earme areas, Ire considered that a m?n with a thousand pounhds, who took up fire thousaned acres, had splendid opportuni. ties before him, but he would not advise him to come to Westerit Australia with less. Certainly, iii the district' of Bunbury on the nanot,ansome 200 miles from Perth, with an ,pproacithig railway, a man could prosper onten 'acres; so excellent was the land. Possibly our Warrnambool land was better, mut he did not think so. The climate was warm, particularly warm sometimes, and in a Perth cOhurc on a summer Sunday it was edifying to wvatoli a whole congregation try. ing to keep the flies off. There were brushes made of horse hair, etc.; specially made for the purpose, and theyhad a big sale. There was sand everywhere, and everywhere con sequently y!u found tihe perky ily. This was the reason why 'they could not grow cabbages there. le thought lie had said quite enougll about the far west, and told .im to go. Recently we read in a Wilcannia paper, that a largo and roprenecnt tive gathering fad assembled at the local theatre for the purpose of hearing AMr g. B. L. Dickens give an account of his stewardship, and also express his views on the leading questions of the day. This Mr Dickens is a New South Wales memherb f parliament, and, what perhaps distinguishes him more in the estimation of most people, a son of Charles Dickens. It was to New South Wales that MAr Dickens consigned the irrepressille bMicawher, and we all remember how the old boy, who had l een no long waiting for something "to turn up," prospered there, and, to the great surprise of David Copper. field. bloasomedinto a'police magistrate. It was in a hall at Port Ailidlemay that all the select of rith district gathered to tdo honor to the genial Mlicawher, on the occasion of the marriage of his dalgllter and the erstwhile usher, Dr. Mell. -There' is an association of events here, slight, perhaps, but sufficient to extuse a reference to the ratter. By the way, is there such a place as Port Middle. may ? : BaBllarat and Bendigno, the prospects of the old mrining industry are excellent; and h. the last named city, they conteinplate sinking to astounding depthi in the belief that the metal will be found at. the bottom. Two thonasnd feet is a fearsome depth at which to rake the earth's bowels, but it is thought that some of: the ;mines nay yet descend four thousand feet, a distance np. preaching tihe ,nile. Boring operations support tile theorythat the elharacter of the rock will not materially, differ. from that of the reef at tan thonsand feet, and, if this he so, thie gold may also be expected to run thrrough it. Earth's joys grorw dim,, when a dear girl info.ams you in a cold,p uassionless way, that she does not care veryr much.if she never allows her face to shine upon you again, and thata proreencle of tie Exhibition grounds, in your' company, ' possesses no further attractions far her. You are snddenly seized with a sild souful.longing to be transportedl toan iceberg withinl theilone Antartic circle, and passibly, whein you have left her, you •roliluquiso with lialnlet on tie " to be or not to lie' question, or poasibly you seek tile friendly ohelter of. the nearest hotel. Tone Touchstone ,writing , in the "Ballarat Courier" last week, relative to the subject of self- destruction,. arrives at the conclusion that it is sometimes pardonable. Tom touches a variety of Subjects, and each of them well, but heilhoidnl not encourage the impression. able colonial youth in a course which affects his well-being as unalterable as this. 