I THE DAY OF REST. A " TERRIBLE INFANT." A SERMON by the Rev JOHN McNEILL. Text-Julm ix. 18--i3. Tins chapter is all about the blind man whom Chiist healed. It was a notable miracle, and the Pharisees could not get over it, although they tried. I shall deal mainly with the ideas suggested by the 21st verse, " By what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not; he is of age, ask him, he shall speak for himself." There is a sense in which, of course, that was badly spoken. It was born of the cowardice of the parents. They found themselves all at once in a state calling for thankfulness, for their son who had been born blind was now made to see. But there its no roue without a thorn; and that rose brought this thorn, and a pretty jaggy one it was. The religious and civil leaders of the times had already made a decree that if any man calif d Christ the Messiah - if any man gave Him that great, divine, shining name that person should be excommunicated; for "put out of the synagogue" means excommunicated; and that was a sentence of no small terror to a Jew, and rightly so, for it was a severe sentence in deed when it was carried to its extremity. The man was not only cast out of the synagogue, bnt he was cast out of the society of his fellows-he was " boycotted," which is about the best English word to sum up the matter briefly. So the man's parents were afraid, and finding that they were in a diffi culty said ' Yes, he is our son, and he was born blind-there is no doubt about that :but they saved themselves by falling back upon Agnosticism for the rest. " How he was made to see and who did it we do not know. He is of age; ask him-he shall speak for himself." In the overruling provi dence of God this timidity on the part of tbe parents worked for good to the man and worked for good for Jesus Christ. It led the man to confess Chrust, and confessing Christ it led him, as it always does, to a firmer faith, to a more rooted character, and to a fuller, clearer knowledge of this Christ who at once had brought him into so much blessedness and into so mush danger. I want, then, to take these words of the parents and put them to the best use. I want to call for certain people. " He is of age; ask him, he shall speak for himself." Are there not those among us here who need to be called out, who need to be singled out? It is time, my dear friends; there is a great deal of discussion about Christ, and a great deal of discussion about religion-a vast amount ot talking pro and con; and yon could give a most valuable contribution to the debate that is going on. If there is any heart in it-if it moves along lines that lead to any profitable result-thou art the man to help the discussion. More than ministers, more than Church-going people, considered simply as such, more than anything, we need this fellow. "The man who kens his ain ken," as they say across the Tweed, who has got his own personal item of knowledge. That knowledge is not as big as it might be; it is not as full, and bright, and clear as it ought to be. He is not yet just an out and-out disciple, much less is he a preacher of tbe Gospel; but there has been a light kindled. Granted it is only a spark; but if we could get all the people with sparks to come and stand in the wind that is blowing, it would be found that, snell and all as the wind is, it never yet blew out a Divine Spark; it always fans it into a flame. It was said long ago about Patrick Hamilton, when he was burnt at bdinburgh for confessing Christ, that, instead of quenching the young Reformation, his burning had only helped it: the enemies were com pelled to say that " the reek of Patrick Hamilton ad infected as many as it blew upon." The smoke of his burning had furthered the Gospel more than his living, perhaps, would ever have done. Now, my friends, you are of age. It is time that some of you were standing away from mother's apron-strings, and from father's, and from mine, so to speak, standing out from all shelters and all dis guises. Let the battle thicken round you, you will not be destroyed. You will never know how worthy Christ is to fight for until you try. It is time that your feet were put below you, and that you showed some use of your own tongue. I cannot light all the battle of the Christian evidences; and the best Christian evidence would be if you would come out and shine for God. It will he better worth than all my sermon and whole tomes of con troversial literature upon either side.if you will stand out and say, "One thing I know; whereas I was blind, now I see;" and if you will face the difficulty, and take your own share to which God and man are calling you in this tremendous campaign betwixt light and darkness, reality and formality, Christ and tbe God of this world. That man found him self in it all, and tremendously so, and be might have backed out of it; but if he bad he would have done a great deal to ruin himself and to many more besides. Our subject, then, as you see is confessing Christ. "He is of age; ask Him. Let Him speak to Him self." I harp on that string again. You are of age. It is not as if you were a mere infant. My friend, you have come to years of understanding. You have settled very likely, by this time, your business career. You have settled your mind upon a great many subjects. You have taken your place as a citizen, or you are upon the point, and the time is ripe, and nobody would hinder you from doing it. Christ claims that. Christ works upon that. It is time that you were showing yourself, and it is time because, as I have hinted already, you have something to tell. I am speaking to those who, in their heart of hearts, know that Christ has revealed Himself to them. Whereas you were blind, now yon see. You have a trembling tlirob within your heart of a personal dealing between you and Christ that never was there before. But it is there now; you are therefore in blessed ness, but you are also In danger; in blessedness if you will come out, in danger if you will be timid, and hide it, and keep it to yourself, and hush it up, and say, "There is a lion in the street, I bad better bold my tongue. The part of ptudence is to keep my new-born, new-found joy, to myself. If I confess Christ openly I shall only draw attention to myself, and I am young and blushing. Therefore I will keep quiet." That will not ao. "He shall speak for himself." We make our appeal to those who by our preach ing already have been brought somewhat from darkness, stoneblindness, " high-gravel blindness" as Shakspeare says. You have been brought from that to glimmerings of light of a personal, intimate, special, peculiar land. Christ as a Saviour has had His hands on you. He bas been working about you; and, better than I can explain it, or you either, oetween Him and you something has happened that waB not the esse before. Now come out. 1 ask for you. I call for all who are of age to come forivard. It is a critical hour. You are greatly needed right upon the spot in this very crisis of the debate. Come up, man. For God's sake come forward! Yon are needed; you are greatiy needed. It will be is when Blucher came on the field of Waterloo. Wellington is standing there, and again, and again, and again be sees the emptying saddles and the thinning squares; but, at last, here is Blucher coming up, and Wellington gives the command, and the thin red line swept on to meet the foe. There is the crisis. The Church is beset with enemies on every hand, fiercely disputing this one thing, "Have we got God's last and best? Has tbe Christ come?" And there is no proof like your proof-the living man standing out four-square to every wind tbat blows, and saying. " Here is my stone upon the cairn, my contribution. I say. Yes, yes; Christ has come, and I know it, and I will stand for Him, impugn whoso list. Father and mother, wife and son may fight shy, and my foes may be those of my own house; but it is a fire in my bones, I dare not keep silent." "I dare not keep silent." Oh, how pitiful tbe conduct of many! You have gotten this thing that makes life worth living. How would you like-I speak to mothers here-how would you like it if that babe of youre grew up to be a lad, and grewup to be a young man, and grew up to be of age, and yet never spoke? Some Gave that experience. The time comes when mother pnts bim down out of her arms, and he gets bis feet. He can stand; he can toddle; he can walk; and then walk more firmly; and she delights in him. But, lo, this sadness comes across her heart, that there is no articu late speech coming. Some of you are that way. You have been toddling to and from the house of God now a good time, some of you. You have become able to go on foot. You have light enough to come here ana go back again. Nobody needs to lead you to the house of God now as used to be. Come, friend, do you know Him? Are you born again: Are you converted? Do yon think you know Jesus Christ? Then, " Let the redeemed of tbe Lord say so, whom He hath redeemed out of the hand of the enemy." Then, as you make confession, my friend, see how it works itself out. This man, being appealed to. answered tbe appeal. When his name was called out, he answered, "Here I am." He did not run away. He stood to his ground. He stood to hii cuns. Now, do not run away. Stand fast. Stand firm. Bun up the colours to tbe masthead. Burn your boats, and break down your bridges. No retreat. I know you mean woll. Perhaps Xami.t speaking altogether to youni? hclieve», but ? ? i bpenling to many wlio have been in this : .11 condition for a good long while: anil you wii. ? . ia it longer etill, anit you Mill never know win-., ?: it is dark or light, whether it is morning or ev.1 .«. whether you are lost or won, and you will ne*; ? .; out of these doldrums until you do what mi . m did. We must confess Christ. 1 say tba' 1 ." that some of you mean well, but a false di.< i : >11 overtakes you. You' are not unlike that .-. 'ler who was always discovered in the shock of u . ;le betaking himself without orders to safe places. i'.i > captain at last collared hiiu, and spoke to him, it.nl accused him of having a cowardly heart. '-mi," said the soldier, " my heart is all rieht. My h<; irt is as brave as can be; but whenever a daicer <.. ? "ies I have a cowardly pair of legs that run off with n ^ brave heart." Many of us are like that. Your thoughts are right; your convictions are right. Away from tlie moment wheu confession ia needed you are all right, but in the shock of battle you fall. Bemembpr the danger. " He that is ashamed of Me and of My words in an evil and adulterous gene ration, of him will I be ashamed before My Father and before His angels." Let us come out for Christ the moment we have anything to come out for, no matter how dim. Though not Knowing as much as we hope to know, let ub, nevertheless, come out for Bim. Take your place and part in this tremendous controversy. Uange yourself on the right side, and this is what will happen. There w which happened in the case of the blind man. See liow this man grew and deepened in what I may call insight. You cannot read his story without seeing that this thing that Christ had done for him was far more than simply unsealing the scale* of physical blindness. It shot all through u!m. It was moral and spiritual, as well as physical; and in a very, very short time, you will nnd that this man who, an hour before, was nothing to anybody -a blind beggar with his hand held out for what ever would be put into it-was wiser than his teachers. You find him rubbing his newly-opened eyes and saying to himself, "Now, why should there be this bitterness about that Man, whoever He is, who did this to me! Why should I be bad gered, and hurried, and worried like this? There is a want of fairness somewhere." There was an inBight into men, you see. Now, you will never get that insight into the real state of the case as regards the living Bedeemer in London to-day, till-you take this man s strong stand. Then you will grow, and knowledge ana insight will be one of the very first growths. Yon will not be led any longer by Tom, Dick, and Harry, You will feel the dint and pressure of things for yourself-how they strike you, and what is their direction and momentum; and the whole mewing of them will strike you as never otherwise. It is not book learning that we want half so much as the teaching of the Holy Ghost given to babes and sucklings when they begin to babble out Christ's praises. Out of the mouth of 1 suckling like this the Holy Ghost confounded the enemies of the Christ of God, who made their opposition without seme or mense, withont head, or heart, or cleverness, or anything but the spite of hell. We might so reason. To the same pitiful dilemma we might reduce nineteen twentietliB of the opposition to the living Christ to day if we would adopt these lines. The Holy Ghost would lead us as He led this babe. This man be came in ten minutes worth twenty professors of apologetics, as a defender of the faith-" lidei de fensor." I do not scorn apologetics. Not at all. I do not undervalue them. Not at all. 1 believe in them. But this is the livingapologetic. This is the man in the street, not the mau in the closet or study, but the man at the corner. And it is the man out there that we are needing, because the big battle is in public life. Then there is another thing which you get besides this insight, this unction from the Holy One, by which the blind man gauged the situation. You listen to people, and you say, " Ah, I know better than that. Your tongue says that, but there is something deeper than that behind your tongue. That is not the whole explanation of what you are saying." He said to himself. " Why should these Pharisees and Scribes be coming quizzing me, and cross-examining me, and hauling me up in this way? What is it at the bottom of it? I guess there is something up. I suppose that these Scribes and Pharisees somehow or other are getting rubbed the wrong way by this somebody who did the wonderful thing for me; but I will say my own say. I will say what I know, and think, and feel. I will stick to my text, and see what comes of it." Oh, that we might get this insight! But there is another thing you will get, and which 1 have anticipated already. You will get courage. This is what the Scripture calls holy boldness, and I wish to God that we could get it. I wish that this congregation might be baptized with it. We should then be a very Cromwell's ironside all through next week. When you get this holy boldness it will enable you to see the frown and to take your life and reputation in your hand. You will see that what Christ said is true, and that the path to heaven is not a primrose path of dalliance. The path to heaven is a pathway of obstacle and conflict, '1 Blessed are ye when men shall persecute you, and separate you from their company, and revile you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely for the Son of Man's sake. Eejoice and be exceeding glad, for groat is your reward in heaven." Do you not see how that benediction settles on this courageous baby's head? In one sense, "of age;" in another, but newly born; but what a "terrible infant" lie was ! Heaven bends < over tbe bead of the confessor of tl>e Christ, of I God. The Arabs have a saying that Heaven lies close in above Damascus; and the Jews have a saying that Heaven lies close in above Jerusalem; and in Scotland, of course, they think " tnere's glory all around." But t mil tell you where it is nearest. Heaven is very close when you, my lad, down in the office to-morrow, in the midst of tbe ribaldry and the scoffing, the sophisms, and the false argumentation which "makes the worse appear the better reason," set forward your best foot in tbe midst of it all and testify for Christ. You might almost hear the angels then. If ever Heaven is near the earth it is when a son of Adam stands up for Jesus who died and rose again. And courage will grow by what it feeds on; you have no idea how strong you will be for Christ-you have no idea what powers of argumentation will develop in you. How this man argued, and how by trying his sword he grew skilful and fleshed his maiden weapon in the blood of these adversaries. " Why," he said, "here is a marvellous thing, that you know not from whence He Is, and yet He opened my eyes. Now, we know that God beareth not sinners. You remember David's words, * If I regard iniquity in my heart the Lord will not hear me.' Gud will not hear a sinner; but if any man be a wor shipper of God and doeth His law, him He he&retb.; Since the world began it was not heard that any man opened the eyes of the blind. If this Man wero not of God He could do nothing." See how it grows. You see what courage means. Courage is not the ramstam, bull-in-a-china-shop kind of thing that many people believe it to be. Lots of folk think that spiritual courage is not an illuminated thing, and tliere are plenty of people who over-praise discretion because of its wisdom. I can imagine how, when this man ttood firm, his breath would become short, as be realized that he was actually "cheeking up" to the Sanhedrim; and the thought would come upon him, " What an awful fool I am making of myself in daring to talk like this about the controversy of tbe hour!" But yet, see his deepening conviction. He had got the whip by the handle. He had got the right end of the stick. He had got the running end of the thread, and as he pulled it carce splendidly away. Evary young convert finds that. Every confessor of Christ finds it. " Take no thought what ye shall say. In that same hour the Holy Ghost shall teach you." The spirit of sour Father will supply the argument. Vou are on hallowed ground. You are surrounded by the great cloud of witnesses; de parted spirits of the mighty dead are near you. Re member how oar poet uses this veiy nentiment to evoke patriotic courage in the sailor lad " Where Blake and the mighty Nelson fell Your manly hearts shall glow As ye sweep through the deep. While the stormy tempests blow." The courageous stand * which that man made was like the stand wliich the lighthouse makes. The lighthouse makes a firm stand in the midst of tbe breakers and billows and all the riot and rout of the tempest. There stands the lighthouse, rooted in the living rock, tier after tier of solid masonry clamped together by clamps of steel But there is more than that. If the lighthouse only stood as a great pile of massive stone of what avail would it be? There is the light. There is light as well as strength. There is that shining lantern at tbe top, as well as the pillared strength that holds it up. So with the young confessor of the Christ. You have not only strength, but you have beauty, the clear outshining of the light of an undimmed, unquenched, and unquenchable testimony. And, last of all, what he came to was this-fuller knowledge of Jesus Christ; and that is the blessing of every blessing-to know Him best, to get more closely to Him, to enjoy sweet fellowship with Him. My Jesus-mlne- for me. That in what you get if yo< lie^iii at once to foll ow tbe light ynu liave, and tu-'t on vfcat v.. 11 know. Now, at tlra'. tliia man was not clear. Whoa the actual Son of God came to him, after the Scribes and Pharisees had cast him out, He put the pointed question to him, " Dost thou believe on the Son of God?" The Greek brings out the emphasis on tl at pronoun, " thou" as the English cannot. " Dost thou believe on the Son of God?" And the man answered. "Who is He, Lord, that I might believe?" And Jesus said, " Thou hast both seen Him and it is He that talketh with thee." And he said, " Lord, I be lieve," and he worshipped Him. "The path of the just is as a shining light, which shineth more and more unto the perfect day." Have you found it to be like that? lias your Christian experience been like tbat? God be prais°il. thcr* are some of us with whom it has been so in His great love and mercy. I ain almost ashamed to speak of myself as one. Before I knew very well, so to speak, what had happened to me, I just knew that something had happened. I just knew that a light bed come and had gleamed and broken in mat never was there before. I have told yon before that I had to stand up in my Tillage where I wag brought up. Christ got no rougher treatment any where than in Nazareth, where He had been brought up; and a young disciple finds no harder, stlffer task than to confess Christ in his Nazareth, his own town, his own set. Without getting mucn time to think about it, I had committed myself to appear at a certain meeting, and, instead of allow ing the minister to preach as usual, the minister's two sons and myself said, " We will take this meet ing, and we will speak." It is said that the best of all ways to teach your boy to swim is, if you can swim yourself, to go with him to the sea and pitch him in. And the best of all ways to make yourself stand up for Jesus is to fling yourself in. Be reck less. So not let" I dare not" wait upon " I would like;" but be reckless; go in; put brass into your face. Stand forth. So with this man. So with all of as. We never should have come to anything if at that critical moment we had not been pushed out, and had not felt that destiny was upon ns. We dare not turn down tbe light. We dare not. Take care about turning down the light. The devil may shot It off ct the meter. Take care I Keep it going. Keep it bright. Keep it burning. You will then get clearer light. You will grow in knowledge, until at [ last yon will get to be sure. And I praise uod that some of us are sure. I do not see very well how we could now doubt Jesns Christ. We have got so far into the King's country that we do not know the road back to the border again. Begin ever so I0WI7, begin ever so obscurely, but testify for Christ, and you will be at the heart, at the centre, in palpi tating contact with the great Commander-in-Chief, the head, tbe heart, the soul of nil religion. You will be right in the centre in such light, and so committed that the Idea of your beginning to doubt, and of your becoming an agnostic, is out of tbe question. A man comes and says tome, "Mr. McNeill, it is a very serious time. So-and-so has written a book denying the miraculous." "Oh!" "And another man has written a book casting doubt upon the authenticity of the four Gospels." "Oh, indeed." Somehow the thing does not bite. It goes " like water off a duck's back. These books are too late, somehow or another. These men started too late for yon. You cannot take an interest in them. The man might as well begin and say, " Mr. McNeill, there is a man who tells me that were is some doubt about whether you have been born." Well, I might meet that man's argument-and you would hardly find fault with me if I so met it-with a kind but broad grin on my face. It is too late. We have bowed at the feet of the Son of God. We have discovered the Secret of the universe. We hare reached the throne of the Highest. We have got something of the blaze of light that shines from the very throne of God, and we can never, never go back to doubt and unbelief and darkness again; it is warp and woof with us-it is iu blood and bone and brain and nerve and sinew; it is the bottom of all our thinking. If you find us casting doubts on Christ shut us up in a madhouse, for we have gone out of our minds. Poor creatures, we are demented and deranged. It is disease that has overtaken us if ever you find us going back upon this. Now, my friend,! put that question to you before I let you go, " Dost thou believe on the Son of Godl" I am not asking about your doubts and difficulties; I push past all that, and it is time I did. Dost thou believe ? You are of age and it is time that you should answer that question. This man said," Who is He, Lord, that I might believe ?" And Jesus said, " You have both seen him and He is talking with you." You spy, " Well, preacher, if I had that chance." Do not say that, for many a man saw the Son of God with his eyes, and nis heart did not believe. " Blessed are they that, have not seen and yet have believed." May that bene diction be yours and mine Increasingly for His name's sake.' Amen. 