TALES AND SKETCHES. NOW FI HST FDDLISMED.] Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea j AN OCHAN MYSTERY ¡ BY \V. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of "A Sea Queen," "Tile Golden Hope," "The Wreck of thc Grosvenor," "The Death Ship," "My Daniell Sweet- heart," &c;, &c.; [ALL KlUIITS RESERVED.] CHAITKK XI.- I AM Sl'l'I'LIED WITH CLOTHES. "I du not think," said Hrs. Lee, when vie were alone, "t hut Mrs. Webber hud so good au opinion of herself. Hut sile is well mean- ing, and she will bc useful lo yon." "Do you think lier imagination will help mei" said I. " Until vourmeiuoryreturug/'ulieuuswcred, " what could she tell you that you would bc able to say yes ni- no lo ? But let her question yon. On u ihirk morning without a compass one can never tell in what quarter the day will break. " At this moment Captain Ladmorc arrived on deck, and li« immediately joined us. "1 hu(ie, iiiadam," said he, addretuiug mc, " to have thu pleasure of seeing you at thc saloon table to-duy." " You are extremely good," I answered, "but I do not feel equal to sitting at thc saloon table. The privacy of my cabin, and the society of Mis. and Miss Lee whenever they will endure mc, are ul) thal I wish. Besides, 1 cannot forget-" I faltered aud was silent. "What cannot you forget!" said he gravely. "1 am not a passenger," said I, looking down. " What is in you mind when you pronounce the word passenger ?" he asked. "A passenger is one who pays," I answered. " How do you know that!" said he. "I know il," said I, after thinking a little, " because Miss Lee told me that lier mother had hired the cabin for the round voyage." " Ha !" he exclaimed, exchanging a look with Mrs. Lee. "Well?" he continued, slightly smiling, "you will consider yourself a passenger who does not pay. You are thc guest of the ship. Some ships are hospitable and liberal hostesses, sud thc owners of the Deal CaBtlc would wish her to bc one of them. Do pray be perfectly easy on that score." I bowed my head murmuring, "Thank you." " There is one consoling part to be borne in mind," said he, addressing Mrs. Lee, "one fact that should tend to console and soothe this lady ; it is this-she is single. She might have becu a married woman, driven hy disas- ter from her husband and worse still from her children. But put it that she has parents -it may not he so ; who can tell that her parents arc living ? But to be sundered from a mother and a father to whom in the course of time one is certain tu return is not like being torn from one's children. This is a consideration to console you, M ¡BS C." "Do not cry," said Mrs. Lee, taking my arm. " I fully agree with the captain. Only think how it would be if, inBtead of being Bingle, you were a mother, cruelly and strangely taken away from your children." At this poiut Sir Frederick Thompson, who had been intently surveying us from the other side of thc deck, approached. He bowed, and lifted a little white wide-awake. " I beg pardon for intruding," said he, " but I should like to esk this lady a question." "If it refers to anything that is past, Sir Frederick," exclaimed Captain Ladmore, " I fear she will not be able to satisfy your curiosity." "There's no curiosity," said Sir Frederick, "it's merely this: when I was sheriff, Lady Thompson and me, for my poor wife was then living, were invited to the house of Lord-" and he named a certain nobleman; "and I remember that at supper I sat next to his Lordship's sister-in-law, Lady Looey Cal- thorpe, whose father was third Earl-."and here he pronounced the name of another nobleman. " What I wanted to say is that this lady is the very h'image of Lady Looey, excepting that Lady Looey 'adn't white 'air. Now, ma'am," said he, addressing me, "of course you're not Lady Looey ; but you might bc a relative, for Lady Looey had several sisters and a great number of. cousins." "I do not know who I am," I answered. "How long ago is it since you sat beside Lady Lucy Cal thorpe at supper. Sir Frederick?" asked the Captain. "Why, getting on for two years and an 'arf." " And you remember ber distinctly enough to enable you to lind a likeness to her in this lady?" "God bless you, captain, yes. If it wasn't for tile white 'air I should say that this lady was Lady Looey herself." " Is Calthorpe the family name of the Earl of-?" said Mrs. Lee. "Certainly, it is," answered Sir Frederick, " you'll find it in the peerage." "The lady's initials are A.C.," said thc Captain. Sir t" redcrick struck thc palm of his hand with his clenched hst aod Iiis little eyes shone triumphantly HS he said : " I'd like to make a bet, captain, that you've had the honour of {preserving the life of a Calthorpe. Such a ikeness as I see is only to be found in families." "The accident of thc lady being on board the French brig is accounted for, said the Captain, eyeing me thoughtfully and earnestly. " She was rescued out of an open boat. But where did that boat come from ?" "Would not Miss C's handkerchief, the handkerchief you spoke of, Captain Ladmore, that has her initials-would it not be marked with something more than plain initials if she had rank*" said Mrs. Lee. "I cannot tell," answered Captain Lad more. " What should a simple sea captain know of such things ?" "Thc b'aristocracy," said Sir Frederick, "mark their linen all ways. I'm h'able to speak with authority. At a Mansion 'Ouse ball a friend picked up an 'andkercbief, a beautiful lace 'andkerchief, and brought it to my poor wife. The word Fanny was worked in the corner, and that was my wife's name, and he thought thc 'andkerchief was 'ere. But it didn't belong to 'er at alL lt waa the pro- perty of Lady -, whose 'unhand 'ad been raised to the peerage in the preceding year. There was no coronet on that andkerchief." Observing that I was expected to speak I exclaimed : " The names Sir Frederick mentions suggest nothing to mc" " Well, h all that 1 can say is," exclaimed Sir Frederick, " that the likeness is absolutely startling." He again lifted h¡B little white wide-awake, and crossing the deck joined a group of pas- sengers willi whom he entered into conver- sation. "There is nothing for it but to wait," said Captain Ladmore. " If your name were Calthorpe," Baid Mrs. Lee, " surely the utterance of it would excite some sensations, however weak, in your mind. " "One should say so," remarked thc Captain. "I fear," said I, with mucli agitation, " that if I were to sec my namo fully written I should not know it. And yet it is strange !" " What is strange?" asked Mrs. Lee. " You will not think me vain for repeating it. There cun bc uo vanity in a poor miserable outcast such as I. But I remember that one of thc people of the French brig, thc young man, Alphonse, who had liecn it wuitcr, and who had attended upon a great many English people-I remember him once saying he was persuaded that I was a woman of title, or, if not a linly of title, that I belonged to thc English aristocracy. I cannot imagine why he should have thought so." " Well," said thc Captain, smiling ut Mrs. Lee, " it may bo thal wc have preserved the lifo of thc daughter of an Euri, or, better still, nf a Duke. Anything higher wu must not hope for. But enough for thc prcBcnt at all events that Misa C. should boafellowcreuti in distress." And with a bow that seemed hare gained something in respectfulness, b nothing in kindness, he walked away. Tile luncheon hell rang, and we descend into tlic saloon. Mrs. Lee begged me to jo thu company at table. "I will ask t steward, she said, " to find you a placo nc to my daughter." But I entreated her excuse me. " I do not like to show myself in coinpat with this bandage.on," I said, "and I fe weak und shy, and my tulk I fear is uft< childish. I hope to join you iu a few days and thus speaking I put her daughter's hi and thc shawl Bbc had lent mu into her hand and nmdu my way to my berth. tVhcii 1 entered my berth I sat down 1 rest myself and reflect. I felt weary. Tl fresh air had rendered mc somewhat languie and I had overtaxed my strength with tl several conversations I had held with one au unallicr on the poop. I said to myself, can bc that the little man with the fur on his cos is right? Is my name Calthorpe, and am I lady of title, and is my home actually in Knj lund ? And then I hunted in my mind for a idea to help me, hut I found uone. I gropec as it were, with my inner vision over th thick black curtain that had descended upo my past, hut uothing, no, not thc most pim tasmal outline of recollection glimmered upo thc sable fold« of my mind. Thc cries of ni heart were unanswered. Ko echo was ri turned from thc dreadful silent midnight tba hung upon my Bpirit. I looked upon in; naked hands ; I drew forth my purse, and fa the twentieth time gazed at it and at th money in it ; I examined the pocket handkei chief und mused upon thc initials in th corner, and whilst I was thus occupied Mn Richards entered with my lunch. "I wus sure," said she, "you would wis! to remain private for Borne little time yet. hone I have brought you what you like. Thi rea wine is Burgundy. Mr. McEwau bad me give it you ; lie says it is a very feediu wine. And what do you think I have jus heard ?" " T cannot imagine," S3¡d I. " Mrs. Webber stopped mc as I was passin] through the saloon and said, ' What do yoi think, Mrs. Richards ? Sir Frederick Thoinp BOU believes he has fouud out who Miss C. is And what do you think he says she is ?' 'I di not know, madam,' said I. 'A Calthorpe, said she. 'What is a Calthorpe?' said I ' A Calthorpe,' she answered, ' ¡B a member o one of the oldest families in England. Thi Earl of- is a Calthorpe, und Sir Frederic! finds an extraordinary likeness between Misi C. and Lady Lucy Calthorpe. He is quit* satisfied that she is not Lady Lucy herself because her ladyship's hair is brown not white but he is willing to bet she is a Calthorpe. ' As for tbe hair being white," said I, ' 1 Miss C. is Lady Lucy Calthorpe she liai undergone quite enough to chango the coloui of her hair. But how could Sir Frederick, said I, ' be sure of her with a bandage on ? ' Well, he is sure,' said Mrs. Webber, ' sure 1 mean that she is a Calthorpe,' and this wai all that passed. Tho passengers were takinj to their places and I came away. What d< yon think ?" " Do not ask me, Mrs. Richards ; I an unable to think." " Poor dear 1 Let me pour you out a glasi of wine. It will be strange if you shoulc prove a lady of title. And why should yoi not be a lady of title? You have thc appear ance of one. Thc moment I saw you I Baie to myself-and I said lt to myself before 1 heard your Btory-' though she has come oui of a nasty little brig I can see that abe is i born lady.' Do you know that you have lefl your cap behind you ?" "It is in Mrs. Lee's cabin," said I. "Try and eat your lunch," exclaimed th< stewardess, "and after lunch, if I were you, I would lie down and endeavour to get som« sleep." I passed the afternoon alone. I lay in tm bunk, unable to read, dozing a little, and when 1 was not dozing, struggling with recol lectiou and often with fits of horror and despair dreadful as madness. Some time neal rive the stewardess looked in to say that Mrs. Webber wished to visit me. She was anxioui to have a quiet chat. Would I receive ber, I answered no. I should require, I said, tc feel much better to be able to endure a quiet chut with Mrs. Webber. " She asked me to give you this book," said Mrs. Richards. "She said she had marked the pages which she would like you to read.' I took the book, and when Mrs. Riohardt was gone I languidly opened it and found that it was a collection ot verses written by Etcanot Webber, and dedicated "to my husband, Leopold Webber, Esquire." Two pages were dogseared, and one of them contained a poem called the " Lonely Heart," und the other s poem called "The Lonely Soul." I tried tc read these verses, but could not understand them. They jingled unmeauiugly, though not unmusically, in a melancholy key. " Why do they tease ouc with such stuff?" I said ta myself, putting the book down. The wind had increased during the after- noon, and the ahip was leaning over with steep decks which reminded me of the French brig. But how different was bet motion as she rose stately to the seas, every massive heave of ber satisfying and inspiring one with its suggestion of victorious power. I felt that the snip was rushing through the water. There was a peculiar tingling throughout her frame, as though «he wai thrilled from end to end by the sting and hiss of the milk-white brine which poured from either bow and raced in hills along her side, again and again clouding my cabin window with a leap of seething dazzle, the blow and dissolving roar oi which fell like a thunder- shock upon the ear. But for my unwillingness to meet the passengers I should have gone on deck. I felt a sort of madness on me that afternoon. It came and went, but when the feeling «vas upon mo I craved for the open air, for the sweep and trumpeting of thc wind, for a sight of the great ship hurling onwards, for a sight too of the warring waters ; and at these moments I said to myself, I will not gone on deck now and meet the passengers ; I will wait until the darkness conies ; I will wait until tho people arc sleeping and thc silence of the slumber of many is upon thc ship as it was last night and then I will steal on deck and case tho torments of my sightless mind by blending my thoughts with the dark picture of ship and white-peaked seas and rushing block-winged sky ; and this I will do in some obscure corner of tho ship where I shall not be seen. But when the inscrutable horror, the insup- portable agitation which drove mc into this resolution of going on deck at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wept, for tlitn I seemed to see an awful shadow, a menacing shape of darkncsB, crouching and skulking behind my impulse-aspeotre of self murder, whose first step it would be to impel mc on deck in the darkness of the night, and whose next step after I should have stood lonely for some time on deck would be to tempt me to leap overboard into thc ocean grave where my memory lay 1 Yes, there could be no doubt that I was a little mad at intervals during that afternoon, and one cause of these fits of horror and despair, and of the desire to mingle my spirit with the wild commotion outside, aud to pass out of myself into thc starry freedom of tuc blowing ocean night, lay ina sort of dumb blind anguish that racked me when the clouding of my cabin window by the passing foam earned my thoughts to the speeding of tho ship through the sea, Though I knew not from what or where, yet I seemed to fed with God knows what muteness, and blindness, and faintness of instinct, that I was hoing borue away that wherever my home might bo, yrom it I was being ewept. Feeling indeed was no more than seeming ; I could he sure of nothing ; thought was absolutely indeterminate : never- theless there was a secret movement in my dark mind tliut goaded mo as though the tooth of something venomous, unreachable, and un conjecturablc was subtly at work within me. But having fallen into a short dose I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go on dock that night, for I feared if I should bc visited whilst on deck and in darkness by such moods as had tormonted mc throughout the afternoon I should destroy myself. _ Some dinner wu brought to me by a vci civil uuder-Btcward, who stated that Mr Richards was too busy to attend upon me, bi that she would be having occasion to call upc me later on. Hoing without the power i comparing, I WUB unable to understand ho fortunate I was in having fallen iuto tho liant of such a mau aa Captain Frederick Ladmon I did not imagino that other captains woul not use me equally well ; indeed I never ga\ that view of the matter a thought. I atc an drank, and accepted all thc kindnesses whic were done mc as a child might, and yet I wu grateful, and the tears would stand in my eye when I sat alono and thought of what ha been doue for mc ; but my gratitude and III; appreciation were not those of a person whoa faculties are whole. The uuder-Btcward bad lighted the lamp and when he fetched thc tray I got into m; bunk uud sat in it and asked myself all th questions which occurred to mc. I then aro» and took thc glass from thc cabin wall, am returning to my bunk, fixed my eyes upon inj reflection. It may be, I thought to myself that I do not know who I am, because eve since I returned to consciousness my face liai been ohacured and deformed by utickin) Cloister and a bandage. If I remove tin indage I may kuow myself. So I took tlx bandage off and looked. The lint dressing caine away with the bandage and exposed tilt injury, and I saw that my right eyebrow wai of a pale red, with a long dark scar going from thc temple to uhove thc bridge of the nose. Thc hair on thc brow was entirely gone, ant] ?ny face, having but oue eyebrow, had a wild, odu, foreign look, I also perceived that my nose, where it was indented betwixt thc brow and tlie bridge, was injured. It was necessary to view myself iu profile to gather (he extent of this injury, and this I could not do, having but one glass. Then I said to myself, it may be that I mn disfigured beyond recognition of my own eyes. In the case of my face it is not my memory that is at fautt. Calamity aud horror of mina have ravaged my face, and I do not know my- rall. If my face was now as it had been prior to the disaster that has blinded my mind and t endered me thc loneliest woman iuthe world, the sight of it would give me back my memory. I continued to gaze at my reflection in the mirror. I then readjusted thc bandage, hung up the glass, and resumed my seat in my bunk. I was sitting motionless with my eyes rooted to the deck when the door was vigorously thumped and thrown open, aud Mr. McEwau entered. He stood awhile looking at me, swaying on wide-Bpread feet to the movements of the Éhip, and then exclaimed : " I thought as much. But it won't do. Ye'll have to come out of this. " I looked at him. " And you've been meddling with your bandage. Did not I tell you to leave it alone? Oh, vanity, vanity ! is not thy name woman ? Did ye want to Bec bow much beauty you've lost? Come to the light that I may see what you've been doing to yourself. " He undid the bandage and said, " Well, it's mending apace, it's mending apace. Another day of that wrap and you shall have my permission to appear os you arc" He then with an air of roughness but with a most tender hand bound my bow afresh " Kow Miss C." said he-" but ara I to call ye Calthorpe? half the ninnies are swearing that your name, on no better authority than the dim recollection of a little old man who would swear to a ducal likeness in a cook's mate if by so doing he eould find an excuse to air his acquaintance with the nobility-what I want to say is this, I'm your medical adviser, and I desire to eoe ye with some memory in your head that the captain may be ablo to send you home. But if you intend to mope about in tbis cabin, sitting in yon bed and glaring at vacancy as though the physical faculty of memory was a ghost, capable of shaping itself out of thin air and of rushing into your body with a triumphant yell, then it's my duty to tell you that instead of your memory revisiting its old haunt, the ghost or twa of sense that still stalk in your brain will make a bolt o't leaving ye clean daft. Ye understand me?" " I do not," said I. "Do you understand me when I say you must get out of this cabin?" " Yes." "Do you understand me when I say that you must mix with the passengers, take your place at the saloon table, and humanise your- self into the likeness of others by conversing, listening to the piano playing, walking the deck and surveying thc beauties of the ocean. Do you understand that ?" " Yes," said I. " You look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what your're told, or how are you to get boute ?" " I will do anything, I cried, passionately " that will give me bock my memory." "Very well," said be, "to-morro>v you shall begin. To-morrow you must become a passenger and cease to bea stowaway. Why, only think of what your mind may bo rneessing. The saloon dinner tables are stripped, there aro people amusing themselves at cards and chess, and there ie a young lady at the piano singing like a nightingale. She is singing a beautiful Scotch Bong, and thc singer herself is a beautiful woman, and how ami to know that there may not bc a magic, leagues out of sight of my poor skill, to touch, to arouse, to eive life, colour and perfume to tliat delicate , flower of memory which you believe lies dead I ÍH you!" I started up. " I will go and listen to the singing." " No, rest quiet here for this evening. Take Íour night's rest. You shall begin to-morrow, 'll send Mrs. Richards tu sit with ye. You shan't be alone. And now d'ye know Miss C. for all your scared looks you're better than you were when I opened the door just now. Good I night." He spoke abruptly, but he grasped my hand kindly end looked at me with kindness and sympathy in the face. Tho moment I was alone I opened the door and put my head out to hear the voice of the beautiful young woman, whoever she might be, who was singing in the saloon ; but cither the song was ended or the music was inaudible dawn in this part of the ship where my cabin was, for instead of the tones of a beautiful young woman rising and falling in a sweet Scotch melody, I heard the grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a table at the forward end of the steerage. The movements of thc ship were indicated by thc somewhat violent oscillations of the lamp.under which they sat, four boarded men holding cards. I was abont to withdraw my head when I observed Mrs. Richards coming along the steerage. She bore a large bundle in flor arms, under whose weight she moved with difficulty owing to thc rolling of tho ship, and she came directly to my cabin. " Here it is," she exclaimed, letting thc bundle fall upon the deck, "how heavy good underlincn is ! It's the rubbish that's light, though it looks, more, an that's why it pays. Here, my dear, is quite an outfit for you. You may take them as gifts or you may take them as loane; that's as your pride shall decide. There's some," said she kneeling and opening thc bundle, "from Mrs. Weither, and some from Mrs. Lee, and likewise a dress from Mise Lee, which she hopcB will fit, and some from-" and she named thrco other ladies among thc passengers. Thc collection was indeed an outfit in its way. There wus no essential article of female attire in which it was lacking. "The ladies," said Mrs. Richards, " put their heads together, and one said she'd give or lend this, and another said she'd give or lend that ; so here'll be enough to last you to Sydney, ay, nnd even home again." Tba good little creature's face was bright with pleasure and satisfactiou as she held up tho articles ono after another for mc to look at. " How am I to thank the ladies for their kindness!" said I. " By wcaringthc things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thanks," she answered, and then she proposed that I should put on Miss Lee's dress to see if it fitted mc. It was af tho right length, but tight in the chest, though it fitted mo in the back. " You shall shift tits button*,'' said Mn. Richards, "and then it will fit you. I'll fetch my workbasket and you shall make the alteration this evening, for the doctor only a little while ugo told mc that you are not to be allowed to mope in this cabin or you will go mad." She withdrew, and in a few minutes returned with her workbasket. She placed a chair for me under the ump, put the dress and the workbasket on my knee, and preserving her cheerful smile bade me go to work. I believe she suspected I should bo at a loss, and at a loss I certainly Bhnuld have been had not the articles I required liecn set before ma. I could not have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble, and thc Uko, because I should not have been able to recollect the terms nor the I objects which thc terms expressed. Hut when I saw the tilings my recognition nf them cost mc no effort of mind. I took them up in the order in which I required to usc them, picking up the scissors and cutting nfl* a button, then threading a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory was as perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richards watched nie in silence. Presently she said : "There is no reason, my d¿ar, why you should not belong to a noble family, but I do not believe you aro a lord's daughter. You use your needle too well to bc thc daughter of a lord." " I do not dream that I am the daughter of a lord," said 1. " You might bc the daughter of a gentle- man whose brother is a lord, and there may be reasons which there is no accounting for, until your memory returns, why you should have been taught to use your needle. No noble- man's daughter would think of learning to sew. Why should she? She might learn fancy work for her entertainment, but your handling of thc noedlc isn't that of a fancy worker. 1 shouldn't be surprised if your father is a clergyman. There arc many clergymen who belong to noble families ; and, do you know, Miss C., if you wore a wedding ring I should be disposed to think that you had plenty of times mended and mode for little ones of your own. Why do I say this ? Is it your manner of sitting? your way of holding the dress? What puts it into my hoad ? I'm sure I can't tell, but there it is." She came and went whilst I was busy with thc buttons of the dress, and when I had made an end I put thc dress on and it titted mc. We then between us packed away thc linen and other articles in some drawers in a corner of tho cabin, and when this was done she left ine and returned with wine and biscuits, and a glass of hot gin and water for herself, and for an hour we sat talking. (To be continued.) 