YARRA-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. Special mission services in connection with the above were commenced on Saturday evening, when the Rev. John Watsford took charge of the first meeting in the vestry of the church, which lasted from 7 o'clock p.m. to 8 o'clock p.m. From 8 to 9 a large open air meeting was held in the market buildings Market-square, conducted by the Rev. Jno. Watsford, ably assisted by the ministers of the circuit, Revs. A. R. Edgar, and Alex. McCallum. The well appointed brass band of the Self Reliance Tent I.O.R., under the leadership of Bandmaster H. Groves, dis coursed several items of music, and the large concourse of spectators who assembled were addressed by each of the before mentioned clergyman in a vigorous earnest and soul stirring manner. On yesterday (Sunday) morning the pulpit at the Yarra-street church was occupied by Rev. John Watsford, who preached to a large and attentive congregation from the text taken from Isaiah, 41th chapter, 3rd verse : "For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground; I will pour My Spirit upon thy seed, and My blessing upon thy offspring." The rev. gentlemen said you all know that the promise in this text is one very frequently made in the bible, everywhere the work of the Holy Spirit is referred to. "There shall be showers of blessing," and "I will pour water upon him that is thirsty," etc. One part of the verse explains the other. One promises to pour out water, and the other to pour out the spirit, to do for the soul what pure water does for the body. We have first of all the promise of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit, the gift of the Holy Ghost. Every word in the text refers to abundance : I will pour out floods on the dry grounds. We have in the first part not only the promise, but the abundant gift of the Holy Ghost. Three requisite particulars are here enume rated viz.: 1., Allthirsting for the outpour ing of the Spirit. 2. The abundant outpour ing on all God's people. 3. The abundant outpouring upon the world generally. I beseech you to pray God that he may pour out the Holy Ghost, whilst I endeavor to refer to the first two. First of all there is the abundant outpouring upon all God's people who are thirsting for it. Every true believer has receieved a measure of the Holy Ghost, and has the spirit of God dwelling in him. We are told in Romans v., that the " Love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost" ; also in Romans viii., " Ye are not in the flash, if so be the spirit of God dwelleth in you." It is very clear that every believer has a measure of the holy spirit, but there is something more glorious than that for us; if you look at the beginning of our Lord's ministry and take his last discourse you will see this. St. Paul tells us there is something more glorious for us; in Corinthians he tells them they have the carnal mind in them, and he exhorts them to be filled with the spirit, and he also exhorts them to be sanctified wholly. Paul also says of the Ephesians that they were " sealed of the Holy Ghost," and yet he says "Be not drunk with new wine, wherein is excess, but be ye filled with the Holy Ghost." This is what the disciples obtained on the day of Penticost. They had previously a measure of Spirit, but on the day of Pentecost they were brought completely under ; it if you examine the first chapter of the acts of the Apostles you will see what all this means. They were cleaned from the last remains of sin, from the fear of man and fear of unbelief, and they were all of one heart and one soul, and they were endued with power. Under the first sermon, when filled with the Holy Ghost, thousands were pricked to the heart. To some extent in these days, we have got away from the grace of Pentecost : we have got away from this greater experience, and what we have to do is to get back to it. This is what we all need, there will be no Christlike life without this; we must have spirit of the Holy Ghost, and indwelling Jesus with us. There will be no great and glorious success unless ministers and members of churches are filled with the Holy Ghost. There are very few satisfied with their past religious life. Every Christian should be in some way working for Christ. In the work which God has given us to do there is failure, because we are not filled with the Spirit of God as we might be. What kind of evidence will satisfy you that you and I will be filled with the Holy Ghost? Suppose that the great eternal God was to speak again from His throne, " I command you to be filled with the Holy Ghost," does not God speak to us from His word, and He is speaking yet, just as much as though he were speaking from heaven. Every com mand in the Bible is equal to a promise. We can wait at His footstool till power comes from on high, and until every avenue is filled with the Holy Ghost, how are we to secure this? "If any man thirst let him come to Me and draw." Don't be puzzled, simply take God at his word, have an insatiable desire for the blessing. If any man thirst that is the only preparation, and that he will give you. If we have not the thirst it is because of our unfaithfulness, and because we don't wait on God in prayer. The only condition imposed is "Come and drink," and this is explained in the after part of the verse. "Coming and drinking is believing on him." As our veritable founder put it, "It is onestep more, believe he does it. Full surrender and trusting Christ to do it, independent of all feeling. You will never be saved by trusting. Fletcher puts it as "naked faith in a naked promise:" it means not to-night, but this morning. One good promise made by the Saviour may be specially noted. "If ye, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more will God give the Holy Spirit to them that ask it. In the second place we have an abundant outpouring of God's spirit upon the people. It is the duty of all Christian parents to seek the salvation of their children. Don't think you can shift the responsibility on to Sunday schools, etc. Some people are willing to run to the end of the world to get people saved, but they leave the wives' and children's salvation to do so. No success can be expected if such be done. Are my children saved? Don't judge your neighbors. Are my children converted ? if they are, glory be to God for that! The greatest hindrance to a child's conversion is because the parents have not been converted. Another reason is that we have not shown consistency at home. We shall never reap in joy till we have sown in tears. Pray on, father; pray on, mother: take hold of God's promises, and He will answer your prayers. Seek the full blessing of the Holy Ghost, and may God help you to do so. A special service for young people was conducted in the schoolroom in Ryrie- street by Revs. J. Watsford and A. R. Edgar. There were about 500 present, and after a fervent appeal a revival meeting was held, resulting in a number of cases of conversion amongst the scholars. At the evening service the Rev. J. Watsford took as his text Revelation, 3rd chapter, 20 verse: " Behold, I stand at the door and knock ; ii any man hear My voice and open the door and come in, and sup with him and he with Me." This was an old text, there were few ministers but had preached from this text, it is one of those passages we cannot possibly get away from. It has given faith and hope to thousands of despairing sinners. In the gospels we have the word of the Lord Jesus Christ when the dwelt among men. In the Acts we have his words spoken after death, and here in Revelations we have his words spoken from Heaven. An earnest discourse was succeeded by an after meeting largely attended. Throughout the week the services will be continued, those in the afternoon assuming the form of Bible readings from 3 to 4 o'clock p.m., and at 7.30 p.m. on each evening an evangelistic service will be held. At the various services throughout the day a strong choir under the baton of Mr P. McK. Dillon suitabty rendered appropriate hymns and anthems, and Miss Hunt very ably presided at the organ. 