THE BARBER'S GHOST. ' Night was coming'on apace ; & piercing east wind wildly 'scattered before it the' ! thick flakes of.sno'v, which were descend-'- ing so as completely to obliterate all traces of the path tlirough. a lonely moor, over which ;a traveller .was journeying, with, tho hope of.reaching'a village, where he . intended >'to.i£einain for . the night He in thoso parts, and such waa tlie liauire v( the country that, : under the most favourable circumstan ' he would Ua,vo experienced some diffi in .threading tbe maz.es of the wi trict ho bad to traverse. _ In this dilemma, as his only res he committed himself to tl.ic jruiuai his horse, concluding that tlio instil the nobleanimal was iuucli better ad tu the emergency than his own r<-as wildovetl as it was. 1 The faithful an gacious creature fully justified the c deuce reposed in hi in; be pursued course steadily, but cautiously, and in few hours tho traveller, to his indescribable ' joy, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. By this time, ho was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to tbe saddle that horse and rider, like tbe fabled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, ?. " lord of the creation," 011 this "occasion, was indebted, for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead than alive,- ahi-ived at a venerablb and spacious-looking mansion, which appeared to have been in former days a castle, as some of the battlements, the moat and the gothic gateway were still remaining. However, as lights appeared in the windows, and sounds of revelry were heard from within, tbe stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to announce his arrival; and after a short interval, the door was opened. Judge his surprise aud satisfaction at finding himself ushered into a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts aud tournaments, but which had by modem improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the castle itself —for such it was—were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travellers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of tbe pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty detached from bis horse, and was shown.into the spacious kitchen, in the iiiplenook of which ne was tbawed down to his natural shape and dimensions, iiut not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to tbe guests who were calousing there. As our guest was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that lie would be even with them for their mistimed jokes ; and he was as good as his word, as 3'ou will see. After paying a visit to his trusty steed, and seeing him well fed and foddered, he inquired of the landlady if he could be accommodated with a bed for himself; hut what was his vexation on hearing that the rooms were all engaged, except oue apartment into which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it was reputed to be haunted by the spirit of an unfortunate barh who had cut his th: oat there some tinweeks before ; sincei which catastrophe tbe room was regarded! with so much dread that not a servant ill the house co-.M be persuaded to enter t. Our traveller wa not a man to be iei'ri- ^ediw.tbs.idlsie^sf.sbostsiau^aa.it night, he expressed his determination to sleep in the haunted chamber, and a thought which crossed his mind confirmed his resolution. The difficulty was to prevail upon tbe servants to enter tha room to make a fire aud prepare a bed 5 but by dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter in a body, heading and encouraging them himself. At length, everything was arranged for the accommodation of the rash and presumptuous stranger, as he was considered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after partakinp of a hearty supper, ordered his bottle and pipe to be carried up-stairs, observing that it was bis intention to sit up awhile to await the coming of the spirit, and to question him about the dreadful secret that preyed upon his mind aud prevented him from resting quietly in his grave. The landlady, who admired the courage of her guest, while she regretted his rash- " ness, bade him "Good night," with iUieayeu bless you, sir," which she uttered-.. in a tone"ornnagi-*-iti^- jatbcr than- hope, as if she doubted whether she would ever see bim again. Our traveller lighted his pipe aud awaited the issue very composedly. The clock struck twelve, the highchange hour of ghosts, but no spirit appeared. The storm bad now increased to a perfect hurricane, and the guests seemed resolved to sit it out, as they had formed themselves into a party at hazard. Our traveller had, during the night, heard frequent allusions made to himself, some of the company wondering what would become of him when the castle bell should toll one, which was the signal for the ghost to appear. This was news for our traveller which he did not fail to turn to immediate advantage, by setting about his preconceived design of acting the part of ghost himseif. With this view, he converted one of his sheets into a very appropriate spectral robe, around his neck he tied a red garter, to represent the .wouud inflicted by the , deceased barber, on _his throat. A piece of/ burnt cork enabled bim to disguise hU face and -render it sufficieutly hideous ; and, to crown all, a night-cap with a farge tassel, with death's head and cross-bones represented in front by means of the aforesaid burnt cork. It was now on the stroke of one ; aud, as if to second bis views, the company were just then intent 011 their game ; there was not a minute to be lost; something, however, was needed to complete his costume. He thought the spirit of tbe barber could not be more appropriately equipped than with a razor in one baud and a shaving-box in the other. His portmanteau soon supplied these requisite appendages, when it suddenly occurred to him that it would greatly heighten the effect if burning spirit were substituted for the ordinary lather. The remnant in the bottle readily furnished him with the inflammable lather. Conceive him ready for action, awaiting ibe awful signal from the castle turret. It sounded at length,'and our ghost, having-lighted up the ethereal contents of - bis lather-box, stalked out: of the room with a heavy tread. The strange sound and the ominous toll of the bell instantly put an end to all noise aud revelry amongst the terrified gamblers. With one kick the spectre forced open tbe door, and presented himself to the horror-stricken company. The ghost deemed it prudent not to allow them to rally their senses ; but as a climax to the scene, holding the razor iu oue hand aud -the shaving box in the other, in a deep, hollow voice, said, "Will you be shaved ?" There is something sufficiently disagreeable in the sight of a naked razor brandished in a monaoing attitude, but the Idea'of being shaved by a ghost, and brushed with inflammable lather, : is too much for humnn nerves. The company all roBe in an instant; and, as there wan fortunately a back'door in the room' lead - ing to the kitchen stairs, through that tliey precipitated themselves necks and heels, never stopping until they reached! the liottom, where they lay sprawling in speechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not idle : his rolie aerved as an- apron, into which he, collected all the money on tbe ; table.; Ue then extinguished the candles and retired to his room, chuckliug at the complete success of his scheme. How the routed guests recovered from their fright would be superfluous to relate ; suffice it to say, that at last they retired in fear aud trembling to their bods, without once thiuking of the money they had left behind them, in the apart-, ment where the ghost so unexpectedly interrupted their revelry. The next morning our traveller in vain rang his bell for thii waiter; not a soul in the house dared answer thesummons; and when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from bis presence as if it were a .second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, and he was surveyed at a distance wiln glances of suspicion aud dread. At length, however, he succeeded in persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that he was the identical stranger who had slept in the haunted chamber, and that he was really flesh and blood, aud not a ghost. This assurance lie continued by a cordial shake of the hand, accompanied by a goodnatured laugh at the fears which his appearance had occiisioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with him, and inquired how he had passed the night. " Never better," was the reply. " Did you hear nothing 1" " Nothing," lie replied. " Nor see auything ?" "Why, yes," said he, with an air of indifference ;" an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wanted to be shaved. I supposed the fellow was drunk, and so I kicked bim down stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained in their quarters to diuner: aud our traveller joined them at the table.. Thp .conversation naturally -turned to the occurrence ot U*a preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One'insisted that it was that of the barber most juquestionalily, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while living, he had seen a capital likeness of bim, and that it tvas as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voiee resembled that of the unfortunate man who had committed suicide in tho chamber which bis troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting permission to be heard, thus addressed the company — " Gentlemen, I love a joke as well as any man ; but a joke may be carried too far; and as the belief in ghosts is as absurd as it is mischievous, I should be sorry that we should part without an explanation. Behold here before 3-011, gentlet'dffioihftittefl ii" * n-am/ 1 loitered this inn last night you wore pleased to be very merry at nay expense; and as I always give a Iloland for an Oliver, I vowed I would be revenged. The idle re port of the ghost in the haunted chamber suggested to, me the scheme I practise ! with so much success. If you doubt my word, gentlemen, behold the money you left behind in your hurry, aud which I bore off with the intention of restoring to you, as I now do." AS he said this, he unfolded a handkerchief and deposited the gold upou the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of tbe cash, produced a universal roar of laughter. The guests shook the traveller by the hand, heartily thanking him for a lesson thay should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 