GENERAL NEWS. Minstrelsy & 15uRi.i:sQi;i:.^Kichaid son's Minstrel and Burlesque Company give a performance at the Assembly liooms to-night. Lunatic Cai'Turkd.— -The Chinaman who escaped from the Lunatic Asvlum on Sunday last, as mentioned in our last issue, was captured late the same night by Con stable Oruthlie in Long Oil's establishment, Ruthven-street. A Nasty Vai.l. — Yesterday evening Master Frank Hennessy received a nasty fall from his horse opposite Mr. M. L. Ross's cordial factory.- It appeals he fell on the back of hi-, head, and so heavily as to he tendered unconscious for nearly two hours. He was seen by Mrs. Ross who had the boy brought in to her house and afterwards conveyed to his home. Dr. Falconer attended, and at latest advices the lad was sleeping peacefully and apparently getting: bri'very well. Trout at Warwick.— Everything is going forward satisfactorily at the trout h.itchery at the Waterwoiks pumping station (says yesterday's Il^avivicA .-trgits). Many of the )oung fish, having lost the yolk sac, have been tiansfeied from the hatching bo\cs to larger galvanised iion boxes in which they aie fed two 01 thiee times a day on the giating of-hard-boiled bullock's livci. Some of thusewilj probably be liberated in suitable stieams during the next fortnight or three weeks. iSIIKARWK AND'WKATHKR OUT ,: WEST.— From the Sf. George Standard of Saturday last we learn that shcaiing is in full swing a't Jjienda, Pumhlc, and Muckeiawa, and tha.t several serviceable storms have fallen in the vicinity of Goodooga on the countryinter sected by the Culgoa, Birce, and liokhiia ciceks, From Gnoolooma, on the Moonlo, we learn that the roll was galled at the shod on the 6th, but owing to the lain shearing was delayed. All arrangements with tho men passed off satisfactory, but a number of hands had to be turned away. Sunday's ram pievented ,the Ilollymount shed from making a start as intended last Tuesday, but it was supposed the sheep would be dry enough to admit of making a beginning on Thuisday. The men weie eagei to get to work. Shcaiing qpciations at Yeiianbah, Noondoo, and Narine have been progiessing satis factonly, and would be completed in about ten days had not therain that was '?? so 'much wanted checked the work. The men cm ployed at these sheds are of the very best da b, and although making good (allies a|p sheaiing theii sheep qlean and well, anc| jf A weie at all possible ' tfl secure such \vbrk« men every season there would, scarcely be any necessity to go to the expense of pur chasing machines, as they do not leave a . speck of wool behind their slfcars. They aic mostly small farmeis from the 'Downs and Npw Kngland who have como to make money, they aie appieciated hy their 'em. plopcrs, and relations of mutual sadsfacflqn aie established that will no doubt be tho niQiins of again bunging them 'togethci ne.\t season, The rain, although it aucstcd opeiations, ,was a veritable God-send, as the outlook was beginning to be seiious, and owners and managers were not in the best ofspiiits'; a lecuncnce of the drought was feaied, and the westerly winds aud' red sun sets that lately piedomi latecl, aid had been prevalent in the dry years, were looked upon as ominous of bad times. 1 ISut the lain has changed everything from the long faces of, the managers to the aspect of the country, which is now putting forth vendure' and clothing itself in crowfoot, carrot, blue bells, mid grass in abundandce, . . ?t ;',-' j i^THEREyW ill iiot: be 'any Mass 'at Highfields I ,':;'oni Sundaynext on account' of ihe ;unayoicl-: .--'; ableiabsence; of /one; of;the j priests; from \Tbpwoomba; .. .. ': . ?'.:'' ',-: ? ?. ..\ Illustrated Catalogup..— 'We are in receipt of ' Keogh : . and Company's Illus ' trated Catalogue and Price List.' This is ' '? printed by Messrs. 'Black, -'Stone/ .'and -McDonald, of: Ruthven-st., and' is a fairly ..creditable piece of local work. Messrs. -,. Iteogh at least deserve all credit for keeping ? the' work in the town. r ., , . .-; '.-' '': Toowoomba Lunatic Asylum.— Last week's report: Iii the house at last report, 102- males,- 136 females; since admitted, I female j discharged, I male, ,1 ?? female; ? remaining, 337. I'hc medicalsuperintendent acknowledges with thanks the receipt of parcels of illustrated papers from Mr. ' E. W.1 Robins-jn arid the Downs Club for the \--? use of the-patients. ? ? ??? ??????? '. : ' ? Grammar School Sports.— The follbw ing.are the positions allotted by the handi ... cappers.to .the competitors in the Old Boys! ,200 yards Flat Race in connection with the Grammar School sports, to' be held on Thursday, September 29th :—E. Fortescuc, :. 'scratch; S. Kenyon, D. Graham, F. Boyce', D. Nelson, 3yds; C. Fortescue, C. Thomas, 8yds.; H. King,; S. Whichello, R. Munro, C. Hcnnessy, 10yds. ; C. Wonderley, 12yds. ; N. Caswell, 15yds. ; C. Mills, 16yds. ; P. Thomas, 20yds. Guardian- A.ssuranck Company. — Among competitors' in fire arid life assurance companies', the ' Guardiari, established 182 1, is submitted to the goqd people of Toowoomba by its local agent, Mr. S. G. Roberts. The results of the year 1S91 are thus given : — Life Department : Proposals received 798 insuring^S7Ii*'S3 ; annual premiums ;£l2,754; single premiums ^2,945; deaths 156; pay ments, ,£219,086. Fire Department: Premiums ? after deducting reinsurances, ,£568,279 ; losses, ^369,714. The company's subscribed capital is 2,000,000, paid-up capital, ,£1,000,000, total funds ,£4,508,000, and total annual income ,£928,000. Topi'kd Tin: Markkt.— It is pleasing to announce that Messrs. Boland and McHugh's . plucky venture in sending 120 fat bullocks from Toowoomba to Sydney by rail has turned out successful. This consignment was sold at the Homcbush yards on Monday, ' and averaged £6 165. per head, topping the market.1 The' cattle which fetched this splendid 'figure — for at the present it is a splendid figure — were purchased by Messrs. Boland and McIIugh from the D.D. and W.L. Co., Beauraba. Seeing : that the trucking charges are 6.s. -8d. per head to Wallangarra', and 23s: iod. from thence to Homebush, .which is £1 10s. 6d. per head, or £183 on the consignment, it can be readily ? imagined that a good price was 'required to ' l«iy.' Str'ickkn Blind.— A most extraordinary epidemic—if such it may be called — is frightening the people of Geraldton,- up on the Johnstone River. The week before last several persons were suddenly stricken blind, and, as a wire states, since then more have been numbered the victims of this strange aflliction, viz., Samuel Sweeney, aged 14 years ; Frank : Foulton, 11 years; and Andrew Smith. 25-year.s. This makes seven cases in all. Dr. Moloney, who is i.i attend ance, states that the attack is probably caused by the action of the sun, and is some what analagous to snow blindness in the polarregions.'1' The weather is mild, arid the temperature far from hot, and the doctor thinks the patients will recover their bight in about fourteen days from the time of their first attack. Gazhtthd.— T. W. Garde, L.R.C.P., and C. L. W. Hunt,: M.B., to be Health Nfficers at Toowoomba for the purposes of the regulations of the Central Hoard of Health for the treatment of persons affected j with cholera, and for' preventing the spread ' of that disease. Resignations accepted : j William Douglas of his appointment as a . trustee of the reserve for cemetery, Goom- i bungee, Toowoomba district; William! Ferguson, of. Gympie, of his appointment as a justice of 'the peace. Acting-lieutenants! Menry! IT. Hamlcy and Jas. Richardson, to ' be removed from the list of officers of the | Volunteer branch of the Queensland Defence Force; John'Macfie, a clerk in the Registrar of Titles' office, temporarily employed in the Department of Justice, to be dismissed I the public service. | IT. Frky & Co.— The manager of the local branch of the business of II. Frey and Co., general drapery warehousemen, of Paris, Sydney,. Melbourne, and Brisbane, has re ceived a, cablegram f torn the head office in Paris to discontinue business for the present, and to take stock. This was' accordingly done yesterday (says yesterday's Courier) and the employees, who number about thirty-live, have, commenced; stock-taking. It has not transpired .what has led to the above instructions being given, but it maybe presumed that losses have occurred in con nection with some branch or branches of the business. The local branch has for many years done a large and successful trade, and it is to.be hoped that arrangements will be made before long to reopen tljeir establish ment here. ? No business people in Queens land will be affected by what, it is to be trusted, will only be a' temporary suspension of operations. Queen's Park.— -A meeting of the trus tees of the Queen's Park was held at Mr. S. G. , Stephens' office, Neil-street, on Monday last at 1 1. o'clock a.m. Trustees present: His Worship the Mayor (Mr. John 1'ogarty), Hon. F. H. Holberton, M.L.C., and Mr. S. G. Stephens. The secretary, Mr. S. G. Stephens, junr., read the minutes of the deputation to the Hon. Minister for Lands, relative to the Municipal Council taking over the Park. The Mayor said that a letter had been received by the Council, intimating that a deed of grant would be given for the j'iirk hut not for thp other reserves. It was arranged that Mr, Ilolberton and Mr. Stephens should send in their lcsignatiqns as trustees;': 'to' enable; the Council to take over, The. financial statement was furnished by the secretary, showing a credit balance of £102 4S..gcl.' 'It was unanimously resolved that a honorarium of j£io be given to the secretary, Mr. S.'G. Stephens, jiuir,, for past services. FlRSTFRUU'S.. OF THE TARIFF.— As soon as -t-Ue alteration in the tariff respecting ready-made clothing was an nounced .(increasing - the; duty from 15 per cent to 25 per cent, says- the Observer), Mr. Thomas P. Pascoe, who has 'had a very large experience in this branch of business, commenced to make arrange ments for starting a factory in Brisbane. Many years ago Mr. Pascoe filled the position of manager to several well-known manu facturers in Melbourne, and afterwards in New Zealand he founded the Kaiapoi Wool len Manufacturing Company, whose business Ke, controlled for thirteen years. When he rpsigned in 1879 the' factory was one of the largest of its kind in the .colony. Started in 1876 with the small complement of five ? workers, the factory gave, three years' agqj employment to about 900 walkers. During 1889' neariy,/ 1 7,000 was paid' in wages' for the making of clothing alone, 250,000 yards of Tweed having been made-up into gar ments, .Las^year ready-made clotliing to to the value of ,£287,000 was imported into Queensland, sov that there is ample room for the exercise of Mr. Pascoe's abilities in this special line; ' Tins, morning a start' will be made in 'temporary premises situated in Post 'Office-lane,- ;off 'Edward-street. ' Last week Mr.-Pascoe advertised for hands, .and received ^upwards of 150 applications for employment.''-Betwcen seventy and eighty have been' engaged ;' and as large, orders \- have been secured from several of the whole sale firms who have in the past been impor ting this1 class of goods) there seems' every likelihood (1 of the venture turning out a' ~uw.ii'.1 The, tweed iKt-.J in the in.ik:n-;-up .! ihV1i!R}y'-m'l-!':-i;.i inning k Ijl'iiiji tero i;'ir tr .!- Ml-.-.I. Yw:-\'.'-,tM.':\'( ~-;.-ucu I.' («/, Sydney, ? ;DiEn to Glorify His'VViFE.^— It must be rather, lnor'tifying tolth'e ghost of a departed spouse to find the occasion of his death made a peg upon which - to hang the pedigree of his Wife— only one' of his wives too. The following appeared in the London Telegraph last month : ' Budden.— On the 29th ult,, at 68; -Camberwell New-road, S.E. James Pearce Budden, aged 7(5 years, .His first wife (died 1853) was' the widow of John Kirby Picard, .Esq., of; the: Royal; Horse Guards. She was the -daughter of Samuel Homfray, Esq., of Cowarth; near Windsor; sister of Mrs. Alderman Thompsons aunt of the Marchioness of Headfort and the present Lord Bective, and cousin to the first Lord Tredegar.' ...!'. ; The Big Law Cases.— Although there is as yet no indication of the appeals in the big mortgage' cases approaching a termination' ii ? . ? 1: ? ?_/ _? ? 1. ? .,» ._ .1 ? ' ? liiu piucceuiug.s ui uuuii succccumi^ uuy.-aie characterised by greater interest. The fourth day; was reached yesterday, (says yesterday's Courier) and the proceedings commenced by Mr. Lilley continuing to refer to those por tions of the evidence taken at the trial which he contended showed the defendants h ad been guilty of acquiescence. in dummying. As soon as he had finished, the presiding Judge, Mr. Justice Windeycr, intimated to the Solicitor-General that, they did not desire him to proceed with his argument in this direction until they had learned later on how Mr.' Lilley connected the defendants with the illegal transactions. In order to preserve regularity, however,' Mr. Byrries resumed his speech at the. point where he had broken on, and proceeded to deal ex haustively with the remaining headings of the appeal on behalf of the defendants. In doing so he referred in unmistakeablc terms to the manner. in which the trial' had been con ducted, and particularly to the way in which he Judge had taken the case out of the hands of the jury after they had delivered their decision on the various items referred to them, making the matter one for deter mination by the Judge alone. This, con tended the Solicitor-General with much force, no Judge had the power to do, cither in equity or at common law ; and he cited case after case upholding his contention, until their Honours cried enough, and asked for authorities on the other side. This was not a part ot the learned counsel's case, and he went on to the last heading of the appeal, in which he contended that even admitting that the learned judge had the right to take the case from the jury — and the principal argument for the defendant was that he had not — the answers which his Honour had given to the question were against the weight of evidence, and therefore could not be up held. ' Supposing the court upheld the answers of the jury, as Mr. Byrnes contended they were bound to do, there was no' need to go further, for the answers irresistibly pointed to a verdict in the defendants' favour. The Solicitor-General was just concluding his argument when the court rose until 10 o'clock tliis morning. : There was a very large attendance in court all day, and the' pro ceedings were watched with the greatest possible interest. .?'???? Tun Hare Pest. — Mr. Alexander Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock of New South Wales, in a report to the Minister of Mines on the hare pest, says: — There can be no question as to the seriousness of the loss and injury which are now being sustained through the prevalence and continued spread of the hare pest, to which the deputation that recently waited on the Minister so forcibly called attention. . It is now some years since the necessity for the adoption of prompt measures for dealing with the hare pest was seen by the department, and the pastures boards were more than once urged to take the matter up on the very first appearance of hares in their district. As the matter now stands, out of 62 districts there are only 25 in which hares are declared noxiotis animals and bonuses offered for their destruction, while there are at least 17 or 18 others, in which* it is believed there are hares and where they are likely to in crease, in which no action has been taken with respect to them. In the other IS or 20 (iLsmcts it. is not known -that there are as. yet any hares, and a good deal of the country is salt bush, where it is not thought they will' ever do much damage. No doubt, .when killed near the railway line, and within say 200 miles of Sydney, a limited number of hares have for some years been sent to that market, and brought from is. to Is. 6d. a pair ; but only comparatively few have been timed to account in this way, and away from the railway line the only return besides the bonus from the hares has been the prices realised from the sale of the skins. The question might be remitted to the boards for report whether it would be practicable for a board to allow capable and trust worthy men, holding licenses framed with a view to the protection of the stock, to enter, after notice to the owner, on Infected holdings for the purpose of killing hares and other noxious animals. In any case, I think the boards should keep a strict watch, and sec that the work of dctroying. the hares is actively followed up on all the holdings in their districts. There is no doubt that fencing/would be the most effectual mode of dealing with the hare pest. In any case, where the pest is at all prevalent, owners should enclose their orchards with netting. It is helieved that driving and shootim; com bined are not only the best modes of killing hares, but also 'the way in which they are most likely to be turned to account. The best season of the year for destroying hares is the winter. Mui.mvA Strike. — The low price of silver (this and nothing more, this time) has caused another mining strike besides the Broken Hill one. The Muldiva company submitted a reduction of 15 per cent as absolutely necessary in view of the reduction in silver, arid the mea answered ' emphatically No,' with a big N. The managing director, Mr. Lumley Hill, replied a-, follows :— ' I find that the men as a body arc not willing to assist the company in the emergancy they are in. Some of them may be willing ; some of them, the majority no doubt, are decidedly averse to accepting any reduction whatever. These last I conclude have not any interest what ever in the future welfare, or indeed exist ence of the company, but arc simply anxious to squeeze the last farthing they can out of the pockets of the shareholders. I have, therefore, to request that those men averse to any reduction will-go quietly away to any other place where they- can get as good or better terms than the company tin affoid to pay them, leaving those who aie diipoitd to assist the cdmpany remain here. During the interval which .must elapse'; before the furnace can be started again, \\\o\V. will be available for a considerable numbei of hamk. This can' be obtained by men willing to accrpt a reduction sending in the names to the foreman or : manager. : 1 have been carefully through the proposed futuie wage scale with Mr.'Waddall, and at hi-, mstiga uation have made one or two litlle increases in the rates submitted to you'befoie. They Win now stanu at: miners is. 3(1. per noui, feeders and tappers is. 2d. per hour, slag wheelers and labourers is, old, pei hou-, engine-drivers; is. 4d. per hour, blacksmith-, is, 3d. per hour, and carpenters is. 3d. pei hour. These rates I am satisfied are the utmost that, the ? company can afford to pay consistent .with the extremely low price of silver, I trust a good many of the hands will see their way to accepting them, and I take this opportunity of thanking those who .11 e going away, as well as thoiewhoaie going to stay, for their- unvaiying couitesy and civility towards me during the time I have been discharging the most unpeasaut duty, I may almost say of nuteiiity, I have had to perform. The men tluoughout, witn out one exception, have bcha\ed like gentle men. More I cannot say, a'id if we i.innot agree on a question of wage-, we cun at any rate agree to part as friends ' About 500 of the men re- engagi'd at theieduced mtes, ? :.,,, ;..;?. v. tU-% r.i; ki;t .,/ 01 Yi b» (l c.::'i',:y;..^ : ?. '? .'','- ''in n TiUit 4lu'nt.-£ aii.Ui'i Oi iAU, ' Riddkn'DoWN.— Say's yesterday's- Tele 'graph : The two Misses llucock, of Oxley, lpft their home on '.horseback on Saturday last with' the intention of going for a ride. When about midway between Oxley Town ship and Rocklea they; met the hounds and hunting party., Immediately before meeting the party they saw two young fellows whose, names are given as Radcliffe. and Gilbert flogging each other's horse. and. racing along the road. The road is narrow at this place, the approaches to a culvert being fenced on each side. . Although Miss Alice Lucock used her utmost endeavours to keep clear of of the coming horses it was fruitless, as Gilbert rode right over- her, knocking her horse and his own down, thus causing a serious accident. The Misses Lucock had no intention of being present at the hunt, and- both are really good riders, more es pecially the unfortunate young lady who has been so seriously injured. At the time of the accident both young ladies were ridingat a walking pace. Several medical gentlemen among the huntsmen at once attended to the injured young lady, who was removed to the' house of her father (Air. Lucock, registrar of the district), at Bickleigh. Vale. Miss Alice Lucock at 8 o'clock this morning had not re covered consciousness, and was in a very critical condition. ?.'r.iiE Musin Concert Company.—. apropos of this company, whose adyertise men, appears in our business columns, the Sydney Bulletins notice, which if slightly brutal is never flattering, may be quoted : — Ovide Musin's preliminary fiddle-de-dee in Sydney Centennial Hall on 8th inst. was genuinely successful ; and one fervent musical girl exclaimed that she had ' never heard the violin before in all her life.' Musin excels in; soft-sweet, trui .' touches — the lingeriug and pulsing sort o'f. thing that might be called whimpering music by the atrabilious. His style is very caressing and delicate, and that is why his opening, ' Souvenir de Haydn,' was a slight disappoint ment. Leonard's composition should be a totir-de-force An inevitable encore chased every, item, for whatever Musin plays goes deeper: than your weskit. ? Louise Tanner's light, rather wooden, but carefully polished and grained sky- high soprano, showed on* its compass in Prock's ' Air and Variations,' which is rather ad vanced exercisc-y and mechanical — but an' encore had to be given. Her next item,; ' The Vow,' was abrupt, inarticulate, and ?disappointing, but the 'Pro aux clercs' (Harold) with violin obligato, by Musin, was the vocal gem of the night. , Miss. Tanner should always be supported by the fiddle, for the soul that is lacking in', her voice is supplied by the cat-gut. Eduard Scharf, is an ideal accompanist, and gets through his solos in a handy drawing-room way that makes it quite positive that Halle's wreath of Australian geebung is safe so far.' Telephonic Exchange.— Some months back the first telephone in Toowoomba was installed between the residences of Drs. Sheaf and McDonnell. The second was completed yesterday, being between Mr. Filshie's in Margaret-street and Messrs. Filshie, Broadfoot & Co.'s mill, nearly a mile distant. The connection was tested in the afternoon and found in every way perfect, conversation being -distinctly'hcard even when spoken at a distance of three or four feet from the receiver while the playing of a piano in Mr. Filshie's residence some five yards from the receiver, was plainly audible in the mill. So delicate is the' instrument that a whisper, even a sigh, is transmitted as accurately as louder sounds. The wire connection was made under the superintendence of Mr. Mestrcz, the Too woomba Telegraph Master, and the instru ments fitted by Mr. J. A. Hudson, of Brisbane. The telephone used is Hunning's improved, manufactured by the Western Electric Company, Chicago, and fitted with a double-pole Bell receiver which is pro nounced bv the Electric AYvf/V?.-* us ' probably the most efficient that has been produced, and from 10 to 15 per cent better nan the single-pole receiver.' Mr. Hudson is consulting other leading business mum as to establishing n telephone exchange in Toowoomba. In these days of progress a town cannot consider itself ' in it' without the telephone, and we trust a decision favorable to the project will be arrived at. The system for -which Mr. Hudson is the agent has wherever tried been found thoroughly satisfactory. It received first order of merit at the last Brisbane Exhibi tion, and most favorable comment from the metropolitan press at various times and under exnaustivc tests. ? D.D. Horticultural Association.— A special general meeting of .the!!). D. Horti cultural Association was held in the Masonic Hall last evening for the purpose of moving for an exchange of the reserve set ap'art for the purposes of the association at Spring Creek for one more conveniently situated, and to discuss financial matters About ten gentlemen were present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. J. G. Palcthorpc in' the absence of the president, Rev. T. St. J. ? P. Pughe. A lengthy discussion elicited the fact that the reserve in question, being most inconveniently situated both as regards distance and climatic conditions, had been left unimproved, and that the. society were periodically called upon to defray the expenses incurred in destroying Bathurst burr &c.;, and it was proposed to approach the Government with a view to obtaining an exchange. A letter was read from Mr. J. B. Sloman, one of- the trustees, expressing approval of the expressed intention of the members of the association, and a motion was proposed by Mr. Searle and carried, ' that in the opinion of the association it is desirable that the reserve at present held as a horticultural, reserve at Spring Creek be exchanged for some other piece of laud near the town and more suitable for the requirements of the association,' After further discussion, dbring which Mr. Crow questioned the advisability of continuing to hold such a reserve, the following resolution was carried: 'That the president of the. association and Mr. J. G. Palcthorpc be empowered to take the necessary steps for carrying the -foregoing motion into effect.' Concerning the disposal of ^40, withdrawn from a previous trust account of the associa tion for the purpose of meeting liabilities, and which had been found unnecessary, it was decided to invest the amount at fixed deposit in the Q.N. Bank for the term of twelve, months' in the names of the now president and treasurer. This concluded the business. 3 f The best and cheapest photographs and enlargements are taken by A. Lomcr & Co., Ruthven-street, Teowoomba. Three cabi nets for five shillings. 346c R. Simian & Co sell 3365 aue selection, situated between l'ittsworth and Southbrook, on S.ituiday next. 