Msrtei of Ti evarrock By Mrs. OLIPHANT, CHAPTER I. T'HE MYSTERlOL'S STIRANGER. A tall, sli.lit t'girt stood. before t?cm. A sultry noon in August. The hot at mosphere seemed to quiver against the distant, low, dark hills: the sniall brook ran languidly through the dry, parched meadow-reduced to a mere thread. Not a soul was to be seen in the one narrow street, which is the whole of the sleepy little Cornish village of Trevarrock. Yes -one old woman was' hanging out _a Bpherman's red shirt to dry on the gray stone wall before her cottage; a tabby cat sat at the gate, purring luxuriously in the sun. The stranger, who had just crossed the rough bridge, looked round him curious ly. He was a tall, stalwart man: lean, loose limbed, with a powerful rather than handsome face, clean shaven, show ing a firm, somewhat stern mouth, and having a pair of deep set, blue gray eyes, which seemed to take in everything at a glance. He might have been almhnost any age between thirty and forty, and his crisply curling black hair was streaked with silver at the temples. "Is this a city of the dead?" he said, addressing the old woman, who looked at him with curiosity- strangers were very rarely seen in Trevarrock. "You seem to be all asleep down here," he con tinned, with a laugh, "or to be taking things very easily." "You're not from hereabouts, I reck on," said the woman, smiling in return, "or you'd kn]ow that all the men are at the pilchard fishing, and the women and children be mostly all down to the bay, to see the boats come in. Look 'ee yon der." She lifted her brown ]nuld and pointed towards the sea, and Harold Carrington, following its direction, saw on the broad, blue waters that lay under the horizon's rin a cluster of boats drifting land ward. "This is only a fishing village, then: There is no inn where I could get a lodg ing?' He looked somewhat dismayed down the tiny lane of houses. "No, that there bain't.. Old Ben Tre bilco down yont"--designating a cottage, more dirty and dilapidated than its neighbors-"sells a drap of beer and sour cder, but he don't take in no lodgers," answered. the old woman, in her soft. slow Cornish drawl. "Is there no general shop, or postuffice here? Greatheavens! whataplace!" the . stranger muttered, withill concealed im patience. "Oh, iss-- be the postmistress, and 1 heeps a morsel o' tea and sugar, and the like inside." A. glass bottle of red and white striped sugar sticks, and two moldy oranges in the cottage window bore out old Judith Penaio's words. "Well, then, I must trudge back to Penzance to-night-there's no help for it. And yet I should have been well content to stay here: it is just the sort of place that would have suited me. One could be perfectly hidden from the eyes of the world in such an out of the way spot." A light step behind him made hint suddenly look round. Judith, who was standing on the threshold of her door, dropped a courtesy, and her withered face lighted up. A tall, slight girl stood before them, a rush basket on her arm. The color came intolMr. Carrington's face. He had seen manylbeautiful women in the course of his strange, eventful life, but none so beautiful as this one, who wore her shabby blue serge gown, with itspatched elbowvs, and sun burned straw sailor hat as an empress might have worn her royal robes and crown. She was no village Du}cinea or rustic red cheeked Queen of the May. No bloom graced the rounded outline of her face; but a rich, creamy pallor, pure as the heart of a white rose, contrasted viv idly with a pair of glorious brown eyes, and the thick, dark hair lying in great lusterless waves above a brow low as that of Clytie. The mouth was perhaps a trifle sad and cynical in expression for one so young,' the lips somewhat thin and compressed. But Harold Carring toasaw no flaw in her almost perfect loveliness. Involuntarily he raised his Doft, gray wideawake, opening the gate for this apparition of beauty to pass through. But Judith Penale stopped the girl, saying, as though struck by a brilliant idea: "Why, dearie, maybe your'n the very one can help us."' She:.poured but lHairold Carrington's. difficulties, in spite of his gestures of dis approval, while the strange young lady gravely listened. "It is' quite true, what Judith says, that no lodging is. to be had in the vil lage. But if you like to wait here for a short time. I will go and speak to my aunt, Mrs. Trevylian. Perhaps she may be able to think of some plan." The girl raised her large, dark eyeS. and looked Harold full in the face as she ~oke. They were strange eyes; deep. liquid and unfathomable, but there was wnetrace of shyness in their steady gaze. E~r manner- was calm and self possessed, almost tice much so for one so young, he thought. "I am infinitely obliged to you: but I am- more than aslmuned to give such trouble," he said, bowing courteously. "Can I not come with you, and so save you the return hither?" he added, apol ogetically. "Oh, no; please wait here, if you don't mind," she responded. quickly. "No let ters for us. Judith? Well. then I will be off." With light and springy steps she cross ed the bridge and was soon lost to sight. HIarold's eager questioning was antici pated by old Judith. who dearly loved a gossip. "That's Miss Olive St. Maur', as hand soume a young leddy as ever stepped, to my thinking. Her aunt, Mrs. Trevelyian, lives yont," pointing to a small white house, lying close to a fir plantation in the distance. "Miss Olive lives along o' she and Miss Madge, that's Mrs. Trov elyinn's daughter. I've heer'd tell Miss Olive's pa got killed out to the Injies, and her ma, pore young thing, died of grief or sautmat, anyway. Miss Olive she warn't but a chiel then-came home -to live with her aunt, who took to her and did for her the saute as her own. Sc she and Miss Madge are like sisters, and share and share alike, though, poor souls, there ain't nmuch for any on 'em rm afeard. But Mrs. Trovelyian's a good. kind;lady as ever was." "Is she a widow?" Harold felt strange lv interestdd in old Judith's garrulous chatter. •"Yes, chiel,".usinig the quaint Cornisb m6de of address to man, womanor child. "She's been at widow this long while. :Mr.'Trevelyian, her husband; was passon down to St. Osyth's. He was a poor, sickly sort- o' chap, mostly awandering about with his book laming and the like: he died when Miss Madgo was a baby, afore Miss Olive came to 'em. Mrs. Trevelyian's father wor a kind o', gntle. man farmer, and lived here at Trevar. rock; but what wi' the land being poor, and his fooling away a lot o' money, thinking there was tin on it, he died ii'out a brass farden, except the cottage yont. That he left to Mrs. Trevelyian. Miss Olive's mna being dead. So when Passon Trovelyian died she was glad enow to conse and live in it; for folks say she ain't got more than'll keep body and soul together. Lor' bless you, chiel! I've Imown them, root and branch, these years and years. They were among the head folks about here once, but nosy they'nm decayed gentry. There be plenty such in Cornwall- ru-ined by the mines and the badness o' the Iand" "Hush!"' Harold lifted a warning finger, but itas Olive St. Maur came up the nanrrow garden path the ghost of a smile flickering at the corners of her mouth told him that she guessed the subject of Judith's conversation. "_My aunt, MIrs. Trevylian, says that. i you do not mnind limited acconunimodation and very plain fare," with a ralther pain ful blush, "shewill be glad to take you inl herself. We do not usually let lodg ings, as Judith can tell you, but--but why, after all, mince the truth? We are poor, and glad of the chance of earning money. Think what you will of oty can dor, now you have the facts, pure and simple." There was a passionate recklessness about the last words which gave Hiarold a sensation almost of pain. Old Judith had gone into her little shop to serve two bronzed urchins with yellow saffron cakes. "Believe me or not, as you please, I honor you from my heart for your frank ness." lie replied earnestly. "I, too, am a poor man: and though I have never been glad of it before, I shall be now, if it gives me a greater chance of becoming your friend." Tihe two were walking up the heather covered hill, side by side. Harold- Car rington felt a slight twinge of conscience as he spoke; but, after all, was Ithe not poor- unspeakably, wretchedly so in life's best gifts? What was money tc one alone in the world-popularity, even fame-if there was no heart to beat in unison with his, no eye to brighten at his joys or sied a tear. for his sorrows: Yes; he was poorer in these I hini.gs than the miner who passed him and Olive just then on his way home from his work, and whose chubby children were scram bling up the hillside to meet him with shouts of welcome. "Are you poor, too? I am glad of it, though you may think me selfish. I hate the rich-hate them because I envy them more than words can say. Why are life's fairest things so unequally di vided?" she went on, with sudden anger. "It is a bitter, cruel shame." Olive St. Maur's dark eyes flashed fire, and a red spot burnt on each of her pale cheeks. "I dare say you think I am a strange girl to tall: to you, whom I have barely latown an hour, about such subjects. Well, I cmannot help it. In the wilds ol Cornwall one has not much chance of letnningsnanners or acquiring the placid sang froid of the upper ten thousand," she added, with a laugh which had no mirth in it. Harold felt by turns attracted and re pelled by his companion. A strange girl Olive St. Mlaur ihad spoken truly. I-IE lhad never seen anyone so beatutiful; her ironical, rather bitter words, had a piquant fascination, though they sad dened him. "Strange? -ot at all," was hIis read.y rejoinder, made with the ease of a thor ough-nan of the world, used to its light fence nswell asits more earnest comi bats. "Why should I think it. MIiss St. Maaur?" "Hlow did you lknow my name?'" S?Se turned quickly, darting a searlchinsig ghtslce at himt. then added rather petu lantly-"?,h! i I see, I thought as ms b. Judith Penale Ihas been entertaining'y'i .with our family history. It does not matter, though. You know arll about us now and there is no need of fnrmal in troduction or weary repetitions.'" "Your words remind lUe that I, too. have a duty to perform. You do not even- know my name, though you hale so generously taken me upon trust. Let me introduce myself asm Harold Carring ton, of London. That sounda.,. I fear. only a little less vague than 'Mr. Smitb, of the last named locality. But it i, nevertheless true. This," raieing his gray sombrero. "as the Irishmani said, covers myself and family. In other words I am that much-to-.' -pitied being-a lone. lorn o,i. L,:chelor. So though I rarely go out of town. I have no fixed habitation there and el: ::lge my quartm-? . s. grow tired of them.. Pro fession- ".... iHe" paused slightly and bit his inus tache, at tlhouigli iiding hiimseolf faco to face with ': iue unlooked fori dilemniia. But tinwittingly Olive helped hiin out of it: "Oh, 1 guessed that directly I saw the letter case under your arm. I have seen a few of the. shine kind," she answered, readily, laughing. 'Nobioy could have any motive for coming to Trevarrock but an artint; we are so far out of the beaten track. And even of these, I thiik only three have ever found their vway over from Penzance in all these. years we have lived'here." I 'An artist! Yes, perhaps he might with some truth call himself that, Mr. Car riugton reflo'ted, relieved.: But lie'- was not thinking of- the small portfolio-of sketches under his arm, though they were certainly superior to the pr6odlic tions of most amateurs. " : :"Yes, I am an artist," he answered slowly, "if I dare lay.claimn to t the title. But it was hardly' to sketch I came to ,Trevarrock. A college chum passed through it years ago.' He really was an artist, in a fuar truer sense of" the word, and may have been one of 'the gallant three' you mentioned, Miss Olive,' though had lie Imown how fair a presiding deity ruledilb-e 'tlfesi wilds he would have re quireilno courage to' penetrate them." he added with a courtly:smile. ' Olive blushed and looked down. Sher. had.never been spoken to in this way bIe fore, and a thrill of pleasure plassed thh6igh her. Then the revulsion came;,' spoiling all,. "He has not yet seen Madge. When he does, things will, perhaps, be differ ent." For the first time Olive nearly hated the thought of her cousin's delicate, wilt rose 'face, with its large, innocent, hazel eyes mid pretty dimples. Harold Carrington; little dreaming of the effect his idle words wero destined to produce. continued: "As I said', I did not conmi here :to sketch. I had been feeling unwell -overdone in town-and one day, look. ing over my friend's portfolio, I cane across a study of those low, blue hills, with the wild sea dashing up to them, and a few scittered cottages lying close down by the b3each. Somehow it stayed in miy memory and fascinated mae strangely. So, ime voile. But I own when I first tackled old Judith-before you so kindly came to my rcscue-l heartily wished 1 had asked my chum a little more about the place." "This is where. my aunt lives," said Olive. They had reached the cottage, which was built of gray ston6, and vwas only a little larger than those ill the village be low. ?But it whas covered vitli, the gloriouis. crimson Virginia creeper, and its dinuamond latticed windows stood open to the pure breeze of heaven, showing glimpses of spotless, snow white curtains. The en?mll garden was neatly tended, as though by' loving hands, and old fash ioned flowers blooined hi it, a blaze of color-hollyhocks, white, red and goldein; tall' bliue larkspurs "and. hulge, deep cupped lilies. "The realization of a poet's dream," said Harold Carrington: "a veritable paradise. Maiss Olive, I envy you for having such a home." "'You need not." she returned, with a sharpness in her voice that jarred upon him. . "'ait until you see. how small and pokey iud poverty stricken it is." A tall, thin lady, dressed in black and wearing a vwidow's cap, camne down the narrow path to meet them. Sho' was're fined looking and rather handsome in a somber, somewhat austere style, but her face wore an expression of sternness and her hair was white as snow. "You are welcome, Mr."- "'Car-' rington," put in Olive, quickly.' "Ah Mr. Carrington, we' shall be vlad to let you a room and to do our best for you. if, as I charged cmy niece to say, our ac commodation is not too huimble to' suit your tastes." Mrs. Trevylian's tone. was cold, but there was a straightforwardness and lack of affectation in her speech . which at once told IHarold Carrington lie "was in the presence of i lady. No mincing allusion to "botter'days.' or "merely to oblige."'which t less'supe rior womann would not hare .failed to make. "It is very good of .you to take me in. I feel sure I shall be comfortable here; the very look of. the place is enough to tell mne tlihat-and my tastes are plain ones. I will, then, seold over for my things to Penzance; they are at al inn thero, whlere i put up for ai few days." said Harold. Ho saw that it would plcase Mrs. Tre vylian hotter if he took a purely bIusiness view of the situation. "I will maniage thalt for you. Dan Penale, old Judith's huslband, has at horse and cart, lanld will be glad of the job. Now, perhaips, you would !ikeo to see your roonl:" At that moment a slight giirlish figjlre' clad in white. hilttered to tlhe cottage door. "Motlher, oeverything is ready," a clear,. musical voice callCd out. "That is my daughter MIadge," said Mrs. Trevyliam, tirningmto goin. "IMadgo,' this s Mr. Carrington, our-our inew in mate." And as Oli?e St. Maur looked anxious-' ly at 'Harold she sawv in'his'glance what made her smile bitterly. Her' forebod ing~ 'were realized. Ho lind admired'lher own woudorful bieauty-but from an ar tist'uipoint of "idwcinly. Now hie had seeil Madge; and she nomew, as truly as thouglit slbe'cbrld road hid iun-' most heart, that hie .would never, have 'yes for her dark southern loveliness again. "It is so withiall of tltem," slhe said to iierself, feelings of -cnvy and jealousy thrilling through her, "Even that int becile curate from St. Osyth's, whi thinks it 'hins duty to call here once or twice a year, and WiUid Jago. thb doe 1 . ' . . . totr's assistant-1u only.'two ais M wt l have ever exchanged a.tiyword' wi i- deserted me as'soonus l. Ll,.hlad seen he. Yet:if I had mioney, ,it .it, chper-Chith .s" and siuch thin gs as rich girls Ih.: 'woueld biack mysvelf against her'any t"y. ,But Olive St. 3aunr did not reali'- o'ie thing-thit a pure and lovely natca:e will maike even the plainest face attriact ive, and will prove a magnet morei pow erfnl in the long run t tha lie.most daz zling beauty C'HAPTEI: 11. A 'l'ED LEIETII DAY. S'A month fldew quiickly by.' Har?l Carrington had. .ilmost becomhe' ori of thel family 'lit Hillcote, aff Mi"is..Treyyl ian's pretty cottage was called'. The widow liked him, for he was quiet,: ,gentlemanly and unassuming. and gave little trouble. , , . ".' ., - ; Nothing would have induced' her to break :ii ih' tihe privacy of her lioib'ii by talding lodgb'r-or ratheriboarder--but' that she.w'as, at the tinme of IHarold'ldliap peiarance, in Trevarirocl. in sore ni?' oif money. She had' but a liundred a year,, and though, . with - rigid :econoiuy. she. always put by a tiniy suni each year,.her small houardlihad bden lately quite con sumed, arid. worlie she was 1in' dctl ' t Mildge--hisr dMirling, the applhrof her eyý-had bheii sevdioly illwith ii, lung attick thd syai "biifo're. n'Mrs. Yrrevy-l ian's slenderipurtse was drained., .. She ihad an overwhelmingu horror, of debt, and day and night had worn her ,self to a shadow. thinking how the doc.' tor was to-be-pauid-and-the wiine-mer-" chanit's iill, for tih geierouq s port lie Iai prescribed . , ... . I And now-, as a solutiofn to the dili culty, Haiold Carrinigton had .come.i" It' 'seeined almost likde - n 'aiiswer to her prayer. He had insisted.in tlh most delicate nmaie , _.iip;iiying his nipnth's boiard in iadvance,. andd had doubled thle very moderate terms Mrs.-Trevyliani lid asked. , . . "Indeed you must let me," lie said ear nestly, in answer to heli renlonstrances.* "Remember. I too can be proud.: The change ind rest in this lovely plice :ar worth any inoney to mo; and I am not content to enjoy them at less thani their value.'' But was tleroe no other reason?'. Ah, Iiarold Carrington, bewhrel "Life i short; but art is long," says the proverb. Sketch book Ind colors had been laid aside. He spent most of his time, stroll ing on the sands with the girls; helping Madge garden, or Olive attend to her numerous flock of poultry. ' An idyllic; halcyon existence. But was it the best, the most wholesome for liim? His heart told himi-no. He, Harold Carrington, lho ihad been courted, earessedby fortune, who might have chosen his wife from among the noblest and most beautiful women in England, was for the' first time in his life-in love. Madge Trevylian's soft, innocent love liness, her flower like young face, with its timid,., questioning expression and clear truthful eyes, had won upon himrn 'a the wiles of many a. society Circe had utterly failed to do. And not this alone. Her gentle goodness and unselfishness,' and, above all, perfect natural freslhness. had for hlin ii charm iind fascination un speakable. With her cousin Olive it was differ-. ent. True, hl admired her still:; lhut *with growing intimacy he . felt that the, somber depths of her great: dark eyes. black and soft as velvet. and the sonme what set lines of he 'chiseled lips. coii cealed-things little dreinaid -of by those about her. She reminded liim of "some beautiful, fierce wild animual--i panther or tigres -that luhd.bcen from .birth. tamed,and. might remain so, unless any occasionw should arise to call forth its natural.in stincts. "That girl has latent powers, of which she is herself ignorant: aund intense cipacity for love or lhatred." I should bie sorry to make :ian oie'ily of her," Harold Sthought ?un. dty. as li! wa'itclied her. un observed. , :.. : : .. Mrs. Trevylian lliitd spoken sharply, toi lier about soitlhing.' Olive did not re ply, bnt turned iastily away, lier face pale and lips set. "What' a splendid( autress she would make, especially for tir'gic parts.": Then an odd smile played rouniii his iuouth. "I.-ienii-an artist's tiodel-- A .ael-or-a Judith. I must ask her to sit to me.' But could hle but lite ha?loked;for a moment into Olive'St. Maur'sheart, bold nuim as lie was. lie would have hesitated before he told Mrs., Trevylian, as lie did the day following, that he bad deter mined to'stay for :irother: mioth tit Trevarrock. S: CHAPTER III. SUSPICIONS. Mrs. Trovylian never dreamed that there might.be danger for Madge or Ol ive in their constant companionship with Harold Cairrington. Lu her eyes'lie was a grave, middle aged man, with a'.re serve and staidness of character that was a safeguard .in. itself. .Besides, hnd he' not said often that lie was a confirmed" old bachelor,. and jested lightly ?bobud love and marriage as things beyond his ken? ,She iaw in his kicildncss to both girls merely the proof, of a good,heart. and generous nature:, he know i that it was out of her power to give them many pleasurims, .'id therefore hlie did: his bst to mal;e up to them for thei'xtra trouble Ils visit liuist neids'give.' : One day Harold planned a picniu ex •pedition to the bay:. Ho wvished to see the spot frorm .whence the sketch hadn been taken that had tempted him to, come to Trevarrock. , He lihad hiredl a small pony e rt be longing to a farsmer in the neighborheod: and had even pil'sudiiledl' Mr??' Tretvjlin to accompa:ny hur' d~auitilfr ailnid.nee., S"Weo can ride and; ilrive. ' hchaidriti , d laughing. "At loist I 'ilU: wialk, e.uid you Indies can.take care of tlhe provision hamper." . "Very welli uint we' will t'ake cade'also 'tokeOepin iiglit of you." "Madge la'ughed I'rom sheer joyousness as'she took th reis - - "Oh' you : wdn't Invtil ulch diffidulty? in persuading the ponylto do that. .lF will follow on.. I juastwant to rusn into S sdi.i : .? i ' i., :' , .e,, are ,any etters forime," ame ,ie ITa old. The small basket car, moved on slowly up the hilly street, with its gray, hoary cottages, their roofs overgrown withpinkl house' le. arid' yellow stone crop, :Madge. i Ii.?r pretty holland gown and sailor's hat with red ribbons. acting Jehu, Mrs. Trevylianhad unih:.it a little under the~.uiiuence of suo p":'?'et wa day, and len:t back en.oying t!he unwonted rax un:. ' I a drive'- . Her laded: face .wr,. :a sn..hi. and the lines of care were fa iter on iher brew. "'Oli ve. I think you migliht ave smuIrt plinilent to .Air. Ca'rriv:;;im to hto've cumei' out in that old'blue 'serge:'' Not but what Madge is smart enough for the pair of you, and I don't know but that you' were wisest after, all. she afterwards added. "The dress you, have, on is. quite , good enough for climbing about the rocks." Olive teurneld her head .away, with a shn?u: of 'thhe slionlder and at sullen look oin her hriidsome: face. "Any;thihg'is' good enough' for ioe; I lmow ,that 'well," sh muttered. ' "No body'cares how I look or liov'l: dress." tShe.. felt a savage delight. iii noticing tlhe faded streaks where the keen sea air had taken the color out of her gown, and in knowing that her hat was old and shabby. - old.? nd "A pauper. living on charity-that is what I;ansns1. Su Auut.Trevyliai does not scruple to"'mike'likie"feel it. 'It's' well to be Madge: all the pretty garments and iother good things of life fall to her ishare." she reflectedl moodily.!not paus ing to think how unreasonable she was. ' Mti. Tievylian, thoughshe had at sharp tongue, was incapable of the pettymnean Iiess of which Olive accused her: and when once lier niece suggested going out in tlhe woi'hl to eitrn 11hr' own living she :lid negatived. the suggestion with such 'agitatibio and' elheineuce as had almost 'fighteiedl the girl: :'And as for Maitdge's clean, fresh dress, hail she not. as Olive well knew, risen • that morning almost before it was light to iron andl do it up with knots of scarlet ribbon with her owi, dali;ty ,fingers? .. Her ,cousin lied lheard her singing., ilithely as a lark at her work, and had smniled with contemnpt at "'the little it took to make Madge's simple lietirt hhppy." Then a terrible light all'at once broke in on her. [Hlow changed Madge was of late! She was always singing, laughing, or flitting about the house with so light and buoyant ait step that she seemed the spirit of joy personified. The languor of her late illness liad quite passed away, the rose blooim on her cheeks was bright er, deeper thian ev~er, deepest when she was engaged in lively chat or joking ar gument with Harold Carrington, who treated her like ai willful, attractive child..... He fancied his secret was known to none, but Olive had.fathomed it;, and more' lind readtin Miadtge's' face1iidt.t lie girl did not herself, dreanm of-that her ieart had paDssed into the keeping of the handsome str!inger. And so on this glorious day, sunshiine all' around,' and a sky 'blue as molten turquoise overhead, when all were gay niid happy', Olive' alone wore a mask. 'Outwardly seiene aund smiling, the demon of jealousy was ever gnawing deeper and ;deeper into'her soul. SHarold Carrington came up the bill in long, swinging strides after the basket carriage. His white linen- suit; with :the ruby silk scarf tied' carelessly under the open collar, set off his' dark hand some face and big stalwart figure to per 'fection. . He wore a solar topee, with a' 'soft Ludia muslin puggaree knotted loosely'round it. and as he came toward the carriage he took off his hat' and fained his tainied face with it. "The heat is quite' tropical. It' re minds meualmost of tlhd Brazils," he said. smiling: ; :VWere you- ei'er mi America?" Olive queried, flashing a kleen look at him. It suddenly struck her how little, after all, tlhey.knew of this man, who had; be come. withl b'hly t' month's acquaintance,; so thoroughly,y one of, themselves; that it nbodw'seeed odd to think of a time when he had not been with them. What they knew lthey had only his bare word for--:id Olive had frequently noticed that he:avoided speaking of him self or his past life;, and .if any subject was mooted likely to bear on these, he would always insensibly direct 'it back into, other channels. : It' was' the" case now, as she perceived. "Oh, yes; America, as well as every other place of any note. uiilr sick enough I got of them all. ' Miss Macdgo, I really believe that is a root of hart's tongue growing up there.' I did not' know yon had it about here.. It's a fine clump:' let me dig it out for your rockery'." His face slightly reddened, as he went to get the fern. Olive noticed this; also that' he had evaded her question.in his cus tomnry msunlle. A creeping, strange suspicion, begotten of heo oiwn evil thoughts, kept coming into Olive's head. What if theve should be some guilty recason' for Harold Car rington's unwillinbgess to speak, of thl, past? Anld why was he content to stay in hiding. as it ,-ere, in such .' pilace as Olive busily pieced things together, as shesat silently in the back seat of til pony cart. The more she thought over it, the mnore slhe felt conivinced that.Hr old CariungtoU had a secret. Aiid this secret, she vowved to herself, it should be her business to unravel-let the results be what they might. At last the party arrived at the b:ay, and the Ifidies alighted. Harold soon found a pleasant nook under the shadow of' tlihe gray rocks, where lhe spread a. soft lhearsldn rug of his own for Mrs. Trevy li~n, wlhio had brought liher kiitting. Olive also threw herself down beside her auit, \with aI volume of ''Daniel Deronda." "I must go and find some place to put up the carriage. Perhaps some cottager lias a shed, of whicli we can a secuire thf use. Miss Madgo, will you.come ..iv'itls me, and explore?" lhe d'said. SWnould she come? ' Yes, only too wivll aingly, is she would have followed'I HIar '01d Cear'ington to the world's end hid h'e :biddeu her do so. etthoht Haii roilidoved liar,r lihail no intention that she eshould guess his secret, at least then:' Th'erb were many eisbnsWhyvl tiehadid nodt wish to marry- why he deemed it almost impossible that he should do n.o, A?dll Harold Carrington was an ho;aoable man, who held old fashimned ideas. No mani, he, told I:':ns>elf, had a right to speak of love to a girl unless he in tended to ask her to be his wife. Yet for today at least he would be happy. HIeaven knew that life had not as yet held much brightness for hlii., He and M'ladge walked along over the shining, yellow.sands almost in silence. One., or two sea gulls, dipped and circled over and around the pale blue-gray waste of waters. The rigged crags, sea weed grown, loomed purple and red be hind them:' Here and there a ruined shanty, standing near enough to the sea to be bespattered by spray on a stormy night, gave tpken of 'human habitation, as did a long .line of.. brown.orange nets stretched drying on the shingle. ,,One or twoblicli~old hilli of I fishinig boats lay high up beyond the sea line. Harold paused suddenly. "Yes, .this is the place froni whence my friend. Norman, took his sketch. A weird, :wild spot indeed," lie said. "You would say that if you knew all the legends of the .place. .It was here' that, in the old smuggling days, many a cargo was run ashore,. and many a dark deed done. Tradition says that there are caves out round the headland which run miles under the cliff. I have often longed to explore them, but dare not without a guide: and the people about here are so rough and wild; one.is almost afraid of them." answered Madge. ."Well, we'll lueve.a look at them, one of these .days, eli? Wlhat do you say. Miss Madge? You'd?ould not be afraid to venture with me?" "With you? Oh, no."'" Madge looked shyly p at tHarold. Her eyes had a strange soft -light in them. Her companion had unconsciously laid a tender emphasis on his lastwords, which had thrilled her to the very soul. "I do not think I should be afraid to go anywhere with you. Oh! Mr. Car rington, if you only knew how different our life has seemed since you camel How much we shall miss you when you go away," she added, sadly. Stri'uge words for a girl, and terribly unconventional, no doubt. But Madge was innocent us a child, and accustomed to speak all that was in her mind with out fear or reserve. This was her chief charm in Harold's eyes. "Shall you? Well. Madge, do not think hardly of me if 1 ann selfish enough to be glad that you will nfiss me--just a little." For the first time her name, without its formal prefix, slipped from his lips, and his voice trembled a little. But he soon recollected himself, and he was not vain 'enough to place undue value on atldgo's words. "I am not gone yet, Madge," he said, cheerily. "l'et us enjoy the present without dismal forecasts. See! lierelooks a' likely place for our object. Let us beard the lineal descendants of wreckers and smugglers in their lair." They had come to a thatched cottage, weather beaten and discolored by the salt spray of many storms, yellow with the lichens of ages; built, it seemed, in the very face of the cliff. A rough Idnd of shed stood by its side. Madge recoiled, laying her hand on liei companion's arm. "Not there-anywhere but thlerq!" shel cried. her face paling, to his great sur prise. "Why on earth not? My dear Miss Madge, you don't suppose there are really any desperate characters now among these simple fisherfolk? The profits are too small" and the dangers too great, nowiidaiys, I assure you." "Do hot kniock," she 'persisted, looking quite scared,' "Mad Dinah Ietallack lives here. She is a dreadful old woman; every one fears her. She has the evil eye, and is a witch. Oh,' Mr. Carrington, please come away!". Harold drew back a few steps; .then, oblivious of everything, even the terror in Madgo's voice, he burst into a peal of laughter. Maumy will be inclined to' laugh with lim:n but we wodld hid such remember that superstition dies hard in out of tlhe way nooks,' even lin these days of rail ways and the penny post. The Cornish are especially tinged with it, as any one I who has lived among the mining a nd coast folk kioiws. 'IMadge .Trovi-ylian was Cornish to the core, uhed had passed all her life among the simple people of Tre varrock. "A real, live witch in this Nineteenthl century! The very thing I have been longing to see all mny days; andil turn back, now I have a? last got the chance? Never! Come along, Miss Madge:, she shall tell our fortunes, if true witch she be and no impostor." He raised his stick and knocked-at the door. C?KAPTER IV. THE wrTCH O' TEvAtIOCK SAY.T T?~ old zwo?an prc?,c?tctd stran ac, wvclrd appearance. Harold Carrington had to own, when he entered old Dinah's tumble down hut, that 1Madga's fears of her were someowhat justitiable. Its one room was browned and black ened by the smoke of ages. which founl4 