ýI tc troatfior ,?uuzcw ANn REE.DY CREEK TIMES. PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1892. Ht-l.o OVER-0wing to pressure on our space we are ercmpnlled to withhold leading I article and other tatter. SHIaE MEETI?G--The next meeting of the Shlra Council takes plate on Monday next at the Mechanics' hall. SAL.--Mesers. Abbot and Wilson will hold their usual monthly stock sale at Bid. strup's yardson Tuesday next. TEo?FRs.-Elsewhere it will be seen that tenders are invited by the Broadford Butter Factory Co. from those persons willing to contract for the excavations pertaining to the foundation of their proposed factory. BROADroRD BUTTER FAcroRY.-This factory was duly registered by the Register General on the 3oth January, and an official announcement notifies that the company is incorporated and is limited by shares. ACKnOWLF.DGFcae ST-The Secretary of the Kilmore Hospital (A. Mf. Luckie) desires us to acknowledge the receipt of j5 64d.1 from Mr D. MacD ugall, being amount con. tributed by the employes of the Broadford Paper Mill Sick Fund in aid of the Hospital. CHEAP F.sRES-In ennnection with the Naval and Military Tnurment, tlckets will be issuedl at holiday exeptsion fares from Benalla, Sale, lhendigo, Colae, BIallarat. and all in termediate stations on 10lth,llth, 12th, and available for return to 15th. A BIG FLOWee-A remarkably large suOn flower of tile varigated species was shown us on Wednesday by Mr Michael Zwar, grown by him in a garden near the llas.k Swamp. It was in the seed stage of development and measure 171 inches across thecurved diameter and weighed 511ils, KILuMor.--An eleiomdl revisimn ronrt was to have hbeen hell in Kilmnre on Thursday last, but had to he lstpnoned through tlhu reg. fstrarsnnt having lttlilhed a list ofoljeetions in local papers. Mr Keogh. P.M. was very registrars for their carelessnesain the matter, and informed them they were liable to a heavy penalty GAZETTE NOTICES.--Mr. Thomas Foley, Sheriffs Baliff at Kilmore, has been appoint- ted to be also a Sheriff's Bailiff for the central Bailiwick at Seymour vice E. J. Craven. The application No. 12 for lease 1217 by R. Skarkey at Wandongand that of No. 13, for lease 1518 by H. Kon and another, also at Wandong, have been adondoned. REEDY CREFc Co.stso.-- The undermen. tioned gentlemen have been officially ap. pointed to he managers of the Reedy Creek Common-Thomas R. Trezise. Edward McManus. George Balmer, William Baird, William Reid, John -haw, and Charles Rice. The retiring managers were 'Messrs. T. R. Trezise, E. Mc Manus. G Balmer, W. Baird W. Reid, J. -haw and Chas. Rice. POLICE COURT-Civil enspn to tlle number of thirteen will ne heard before the local Petty Sessional Court next Monday. There was nn sitting of the Bench last week Prior to these proceedings a Revision Cotrt for the pnrponse of revising the list of ratn pavins elrctors and general lists will he held when the claims of a nnmhor of electors whose names are nhjeeted to will bedecided upon. A NASTY SPILL-Whilst retnrning from the Snndav Creek tean meetingon Friday niglt Mr. f,. ITonrefall had the misfortune to go crsslini into the Railway gates on the Broadford side of the Statirn.with the spirited hors hlie was riling. The gatehesa was shivered with the force of the blow, and the Ihore and rider were thrown an to the tnp way jusot as a late ronls was sweeping throunh the station towards them on the down line, quickly recovering his self possession Mr. Horsefall got his horse nt in time to avert the serious danger and to ereet the startled gate keener who walnasttrally not a little amazed at the spectacle. THe BANS-The Broalftl Brass Band htils fair to le noon notorinls. A verysnecess. ful parade came off on Saturday evenine when the members four deep, marched down the HIigh street from the station, to the martial strains of a popular air, canning quite a flatter of pleasant snrprise among the gronps ofspeetatnre. W obnherve the mem. hers are to make their entry into Seymour on Wednesday next. whllen they are snnooncre to plyav at the crand concert of Mr. Cooke's. In.dcing from their progress it is not unlikely they will Ie able to diversify the programme of the fi?rtheoming local sports by some musiesl efforts. Tile ELECTIoxs-The P:rliamentarv election eamnosign fr the representation of Dalltolie. for wlhich the lion Daffy and Richardrl Fennelly C.. are rival candidates has not yet enmmneored, thot private canvssine in being pnshed with great energy, Mr Fennelly who Iha enthnsinstic worke-rs in every part of the constituency takhs a very sanguine veiw of llhi position, ant with the possible exception of Glenarona is cnnfi- lent le has a good pros pect. JIr Galhraith is nnlerstood to have signified his intention of also entering the field lint those who boeat a knowledge of that censtitnenryoassert that he has not the ghost of a chance, Busu FRlan- A large and serious bush fire broke out in the paddock of Mr Munro on Wednesday which spread into adjoining land before the northerly breeze, but with the uni ted exertions of large body of men who rode prompty to the spot the flames were got n under and eventually extinguished Y OsBITUAR-At the hour of going to press we learn with regret the death of Mrs. Wade, Senr., of Sugar Loaf Creek Hotel, which occurred at North Melbourne somewhat suddenly on Thursday morning. The deceased lady who was well and fvorably known throughout the whole of this district had been ailing for some time past, and had removed to Melbourne about a week ago to place herself under the care of two physicians there. Instead of improving however, she rapidly grew worse, and a wire yesterday announced to her anxious relatives her demise. Her body was to be conveyed ton Gl-nsroeaa''-s.t..-tha and thdefuheral'is ected'to take place to-day, probably at Tallarook.l WATEa SurPLy-The movement recently set on foot to promote the blessing of a water supply for Broadfordl is beginning to take a practical shape. A petition has been drawn up under the superintendance of Mr John MecLeish, to be presented to the Shlre Council at its next meet ing praying that body to take steps to form a Water Trust. Meanwhile the petition is going round the town, and the names of householders and others willing to practically support a rational scheme are being generally affixed. This is a step in the right directiion and residents will be wise in seizing the oppor tunity of expressing a definite opinion in the matter, for it is absolutely certain that unless they bestir themselves individually the water supply will never come. POPULAR CONCERT-On the 1Sth inst Mr. Cooke, of Seymour, purposes giving the in habitants of Broadford a treat in the way of a grand concert and variety entertainment. For the last to years Mr Cooke has gained a big reputation for the splendid concerts he has organised, and like his namesakes, Messrs T. Cooke and Son, he spares no ex pense to give the public the best value for their money. For the present occasion a number of the leading Melbourne artists have been engaged, besides the best of Seymour and Nagambie's talent. Mr Cooke intends placing the net receipts to the funds of the Broadford Brass Band, and this, apart from the musical treat that may be anticipated, should insure a large attendance. For fur ther particulars refer to advertisement in fourth page ACCIDENT-A severe bnkgy accident hap" pened last Thursday to Mrs Good wife of Mr G. B. Good, of the 'Advertiser,' says a con temporary. Mrs Good hal been out driving. and when at Carlshbrg, theresidence of Mr C. P. HIobson, she was leading the horse to wards a fence, when the hood of the buggy caught in a wire clothes line. The horse became restive and plunged forward,the wire line recoiling around Mrs Good's neck and throwing her to the gronund. The horse only went a few yards, and collided with a gate, overturning the buggy and nmashingagood portion of it. Mrs. Good was found to be suffering from a severe shock, and had sus taired some nasty cuts about the head and fare, while the wire had cut into the flesh arnond her neck. Medical assistance was soon at hand, and the sufferer is improving rapidly. MAnter PeonucE-On Monday nearly sooo sheep were trucked at Broadford rail wav station by local owners, en route for Melbonrne. The consignments were : Mr. A. Ricnards, 123 ; Mr. Elworthy, 3So; D. Fergusson, z23; J. Forbes. o ; Mr. Egan, 232. Of these and others, 124 crossbred and merino wethers were sold at Tuesday's market for Mr. W. V:chards, King Parrot Creek at los and gs ; 40 crossbred and merinowethers and ewes for Mr. A. J. Richards. Strath Creek up to 8s : and so 8 merino whethers fcr Mr. John Forbes Strath Creek. Messrs Etter Shank sold t32 crosssbred and merino ewes for Mr K Elworthy, Kerrisdale Estate Sixty one fat lambs were sold for Mr E E Richard, King Parrot Creek. at up to 7s ; and 21 for Mr A L Richards, Strath Creek at 7s 6d RAnotr PEsr.-The general war ofextr mination announced to commence last Man day throughonut this district was opened so vitnrously and has been sustained so strage. tically, that the destruction has been im. mense and highly satisfactory. Tan poison used is the phosporised wheat, which has been skilfnlly placed on upturned soil about fresh ploonh furrows in small quantities to be devrnred greedily during the night by the unsuspecting bunny. In some places the ' Jam and Apple' treatment has been in voge. hbut those who have tried both methods speak in enlogistie terms of the grain seed. In a conversation with the Rabbit Inspector we were informed that several landholders were enonsidered to be rather remiss in earry. ing out the instruetions and that measures are to he taken to enforce these to comply with the terms of the Art. It i t be hoped 1 the wisdom and the evident advantags of united and simultan*o.s action may present itself to our farmers as a duty in dealing with this thresatnine peat and preelude the neres. stes of any compulsory action beine taken. Tlorn is really very little to ennurasee one man to spend his time and money in attempt ing to re~nee this pest if his neighbour whose ground:msy he equally infested takes no steps to reduce it in his too. SUonca Cnuex Ceunch-The worship. I pers attending the Sunday Creek Wesleyan ( Church celebrated the anniversary of their cause on Friday with every indication of complete success. The proceedinos cnm menced with a hbountiful tea, to which as I many as could find accomodation sat down. 5 the company including many visitors from Broadford and, Kilmore. After the repast a Public meeting was held. but so numerous I were the audience that the most skilful I packing sufficed to find spacefor.portion I and numbers were competitors for the privi- . leee of a coevted place outside the open windows. The Rev. Mr. Tuckfieldl, or ( Melborone had been advertised to address the meeting on " The wonders of the Micro. I scope" bnt finding himself unable to he I present. the Rev. Mf. Powell came in his I stead and proved an admirable suhbstiltte hr I delivering an entertaining lecture on "From i Mlbhourne to Jernsalem in an hour and a J half." The Reverend gentleman who des- 3 crihbed in a striking manner the many in. a 'idents. sights and experiences of so interes- d ting a journey wasen listened with rapt ntten-. I tion the onlty unpleasant feeling being the I tnnonncement that it was found necessaryv to bring it to a premature close. A hearty I vote of thanks to Mr. Povell for his kindness 1 was heartily carried, being moved ly Mr. r lutrgess who referred in eulogistic terms to I the band of wnrkers.-including Mesdames Baker and Lade and the Misses Trenowith I (of Kilmore) to whose thoughtful energy asI the working committee the evenings success I was largely due. One ohiect of the meeting was to raise a sum in aid of the circuit fund ( and during the evenin. it was announced I that altogether nearly Lio had been collc ted. l 