THE RECREATION RESERVE. COUNCILLORS IN CONCLAVE. 11II5 COMMITTEE DISCUSS THE <|UE8RIOM. THILLS FBO.M THE CUCE TOWEK. Notwithstanding that tlio question of llio management of tho ltourcatioo lleuurvo had oxcitcd considerable public attention, and tlio laches of tho Iteaerto Committee, with tho general d«Biro of tho poople of Nurtti Holbouroe, as expressed by petition having no loss than 1041 signatures, had been plaoed ; before the Council: on March 28th, the Council has not been ill a hurry to givo the matter linality, and: when that august body did determine to deal with the question practically, it also determined that tho matter should be threshed out in camera, doBpito tho fact that the dispute, if aucli it can bo termed, between the Reserve Coinmittoo and the Cricket and Football Clubs, hud already been made publio property through the Press, and at tho Council Table. True, when the quostion was ventilated in open Council, the HoBOtvo Committee did not put in an appoaraDce, but this was not due to any negleot on the part of the Counoil, tho OlubB or the Preas, and the Committee, on the Mayor's ipsa dixit, had expressed their determination not to bo represented beforo the Council, anil in conflict with the representatives of the signatories to the monBter petition. However, tho Reserve Committee seemed to think better of tlio matter, and thought they would like to have a say, and tho Counoil, conceding them every courtesy, met them, and a representative from the Cricket and Foot-, ball Olubs—one from eaoh—oil Tuesday, evening, bnt, in spite of the publio intereEt centred in.the quoBtion, they mot in couimittco to UiB exclusion of . the PresB, and, consequently, of tho public. We felt that this was not as it should be, and, having obtained a special polyphonic apparatus, which we had set up outside the clock tower, we waited to Bee and hear how events would devolop thomsBlves, for by an ingenious combination of lenBOg, we wore able to see into the Council Chamber, as well as hear, through our polygraphs apparatus, what transpired. The hour fixed for tho solemn conclave' was seven o'clock, and, a little before that time, the massive form of the Mayor was desoried approaching tho Town Hall steps. To him succeeded Or.;Gardiner, a partisan of the uoble gameB whose future should bang on the result of tho disuuealon, and thon Cr. Pilkington entered, big with peut-up eloquence on a matter in which he, too, has taken a deep interest. Cr. Cos-' telloe, lite a giant refreshed after his superhuman exertions in the late olection, approached, throwing aside hia capo aB some noblo Roman might have divostod himself of his toga. Cr. Steel Btalked silently in, Cr. Kogarty, with thoughtful brow, followod, and Cr. Potrio made up the number of couucillora present, for, as wo gathered from a preliminary conversation, Cr. King was not to arrive, and. Cr. Grocie was non cat comaiibus iu Sydneyo. The clock cbimeB—then from the luudtongued boll ring out, one by ouo, tho hour atrokoB, till the mystic uuuiber, BOVOU, has boon completed, aud Iho hour of fato has como. More figures iu tho diBtauui 1 , cloukod and muffled—moro footfalls nearly approaching, and from out the darknoss stalk the members of the Recreation lioaervo Committee, who silently ascend tho stone steps, and being admitted by the watchful Corborus Todd, pass sileutly, yet gloomily upstairs. • Again the massive portal*: are uuoIosBd by tho vigilant Todd, and tho lithe form of Mr. 15. Bean, secretary of tho North Melbourne Cricket Club, and somewhat moro gaunt one of Mr. Mitchell, secretary of the Football Clnb, poaa through, and the outer world is shut out, and the fates of the Recreation Reserve are Bhut in. Now we arruugo onr apparatus, but the Council has its little preliminaries to go through with}' aiid there is 'nothing'to interest UB for some time, till we note au account of magnitude for tho USE of the steam roller, at 47s. a day, and u foreshadowing is given that this, with one or two other moot points of finance, will reueivo a threshing out at no distant day. Boom ! The clock strikes again, and we stop our oars for a while, till, the eighth stroke being given, we are able to look into our apparatus. A sign of business is visible ; that is, tho business which specially interests UB. Calm and dignified aits the Mayor—tho very embodiment of tlio aUuiit, cunt' diy., and the potent, grave and reverend seigniors, his colleagues, assume an air of largo Importance. • The .invitation is given to the Reserve Committee . to show cause. They are, praotically, on trial for their lifo, and they are allowed to speak aiid .declare *vhy sentence should 1 not be pasBed. upon them— why, in point of fact, - they should not give up the ghost, figuratively, seeing that, according to the allegations on the other side on the 26th March, they are for all practical purposes, dead already. Mr. Lawrence speaks. He iB the chosen mouthpiece of the mystic five, who have held the destinies of the Reserve so long. He rises -with a sense of responsibility, but at the s.aino time with a belief in bis honesty of purpose, which Bhall bear him and his colleagues triumphant through the cohorts of their enemies. He assumes the air o£ injured innocence—he. deprecates the fact that an cx parte hearingWOB given to the opposing side, and hesitates not to deolare that no audience, should havo been given till both sides were heard. The Mayor, figuratively and literally, bocomoB ponderous. He Bat' upon Mr. Lanrenco, and, metaphorically, squashed him. None knows .better than Mr. Lawrenco that the Council held out a freo invitation to the Committee to be prosent at tho presentation of the petition, aud if they neglected to avail themselves of that Invitation the fault was their own, Mr. Lawrence, chewing the leBk thus presented by the Mayor, returns to the charge. He calls the attention, of the Council to the improvements effected to tho ground, aud declares that tho committee has done all it could do, with the means at itB disposal. He is careful to presBrve singularity, of idea\wbon speaking of the committee, to omphaBiza the uuaniinity whioh provaila in that body. He contrasts the ground jto-day with its condition when the Committee assumed control, and points proudly to the fact that the Committee has been a faithful almoner of the funds entrusted to it. Moreover, he reminds the Counoil that a lot of the expenditure was for work whioh was not visible, but yet necessary, and justified ilio Committee for desiring to prohibit the playing'of football on tbp ground," " till file grass «rew green." Mr. McGibbon, in bis practical, incisive way, backed up hls.-colleague, elaborating what had boon forcibly laid down, and strengthening the weak places as he noted them. The Mayor here intimated his entire concurrence in' the good old maxim, audi allsrem partem, aud justified tlio delay which bad taken place in dealing with thu question, on tho wisdom of the feslina lento rule. He would now give the Cricket Club an innings, and then Mr. Mitchell tihould bave a free kick. ' Mr. Bean took the ball with his. customary Bkili, and repeated his performance of a recent occasion ; bowling down the sticks of the Committee with ruthless rapidity, but we would not recapitulate what ho said—is it not already ohronioled in his election speecli of March ;28tU ? Nor would we recapitulate Mr. MitoheU's utterances—thoy too, were but a repetition, well put, of the arguments adduced by him when lie previously had audience. And the while the Council oat with exemplary patience,, and we—we noted not the flight of time—we heard not the chiming of the belle, nor the booming of Big Bon—we were heedless of the fact that HIKE and TEH had awakened the echoes, and it was only when ELEVEN 1 boomed out, that we were recalled to the fact that we had been ronnd that tower four hours. Did tho" Council reach finality ? - Wei!, in a sense—they decided to consider tho matter again in~-a fortnight,. and we shall thou, probably, be a Btep nearer finality than we were when we opened this debatable subject. 