The Religious Card-Player. A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken many years ago before a magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is given as follows : — A Sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson read the prayers and took the text. Those who bad a Bible took it out, but this soldier bad neither Bible nor Common prayer-book, bat pulling, oat a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He fmt looked at one card and then at another.' The sergeant of the company saw bins, and said — 'Richard, put up the cards ; this is no' place for them.' Never mind that said Richird. When tbe services were over the constable took. Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the magistrate. Well, said the Magistrate, what have you brought the soldier for ? For playing cards in church. Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ? Much, sir, 1 hope. Very good ! if not I will punish you severely. A I have been, said the eo'dier, about six weeks on the march, I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer-Book. I ;bave nothing but a pack of cards and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions. Then spreading the cards before the Bailie, he began with the ace. When I see the ace it reminds me there is but one God. When I see the duece it reminds me of Father and Son,. When I see the three it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see the five it reminds me of the wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. VVhen I gee the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made, and hallowed it. When I see tbe eight it reminds me of tbe eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world — viz, Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives, When I see tbe nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Savionr. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on tbe table of stone. When I see the king it reminds me of the great Krag of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. When I see the queen it reminds me o 