CURRENT NOTES. AM' stranger in our midst just now—say one of the much-chivied passengers who came by the Oroya—must conclude, from the stringent precautions which are being taken with regard to confining the spread of small-pox to the narrowest possible limits, that we are the most careful people 011 the face of the globe with regard to sanitary affairs. The vigour and promptitude which have been displayed by the Board of Health and the Police Force in this instance must have astonished him. He will draw a favourable comparison between the measures taken by our authorities and the measures taken by the authorities in his own country with regard to this disease, and will probably write home and tell his friends that lie has come to a country where the conservation of the public health is regarded as a religious duty. But we would advise him to go slow. If he stays here a few months longer lie will see that though we are scared to death almost at the mention of small-pox, we regard typhoid fever with something approaching to equanimity. This is because we have to a certain extent grown familiar with it—and familiarity has bred contempt 111 its usual way in respect to the latter disease. It is only because sinall-pox is a comparative stranger to us that we are so much afraid of it. But still we hold by the proverb, butter the devil you know than the devil you don't know. Better still, 110 devil (of disease) at all, and if the Board of Health will only show as much energy in dealing with other sources of contagion as it has shown in dealing with everybody suspected of having come into communication with the passengers who came by the Ormji, the supposititious stranger with whom we introduced this article will not be guilty of great exaggeration if he calls Victoria the World's Sanatorium of the Future. Dit. BHVAN is one of the few clergymen in Melbourne who seem able to realise that Sunday is only one day out of seven, and that people do most of their living oil the other six days. The tendency of the, average preacher is to mentally separate Sundays from weekdays, and talk to his congregation as if lie had 110 concern with their mundane interests. This was not the way of men who have left their mark in religious history. It was not Augustine's, Luther's, or Wesley's way, and it is not the way of Dr. Bevan. He believes that the everyday life and everyday work and pleasure of the pe6ple are as much the concern of a minister of the gospel as their Sabbath deportment, and is not afraid to take his text from this everyday life. Recently, he preached a sermon 011 Football—and a very gobd sermon it was. Thechiefthemeofhislatestaddress,delivered before the Voung Men's Christian Association on Tuesday night last, was not so cheerful, being, in fact., the Present Distress. Dr. Bevan linds something to be thankful for even in this national calamity. He said that in the midst of the wild and mad speculation, wheneverythingseenied to be prosperous, he grew to be very anxious for the moral condition of the people, especially of the young men. It was this same awful lust for money that was crushing out the brightest ar.d best uf American life. He began to fear that the same thing would happen here, but God had intervened. Thank God for the sorrow ; thank God for the depression. Out of it lie believed would grow a truer and a nobler life, and one full of blessing for the young men around them. Those might seem hard words, but perhaps had they been spoken in the days of apparent prosperity, it would have been better. # # # # Perhaps it u-ould have been better. Why, then, didn't Dr. Benin say tlieiu at that time ? He was on the spot when the Boom was in full swing, We can see very little good in being a prophet after the event. And we certainly can't see why Dr. Bevan should lie so prouse of his thanks to Providence for having sent the Depression. The people who suffer most from it had nothing to do with the Land Boom. It was not wild and mad speculation 011 their own part that brought thousands of working-men and their families tu their present state of destitution. It was not an awful lust for money that brought the mother of four children to the verge of death in a foodless and furnitureless house— as described 111 one of the daily papers—and her husband to the hospital. If Dr. Bevan believes in his heart that these miseries are mora lly beneficial to those who have to endure them, through no fault of their own, we take leave to disagree with him. If on the other hand—as his remark about a truer and a nobler life for the young men around him growing out of the depression would seem to imply—lie considers that this vicarious suffering on the part of the poorer classes will redound to the spiritual good of the members of the Young Slen's Christian Association, we are of the decided opinion that they are hardly worth the sacrifice. , * * * But even on his own ground and within the limits of his argument, we think Dr. Bevan is wrong. He holds that young men who pluncred during the Land Boom will take a lesson from the Depression that followed and never try to make money again in a similar fashion. This is, we say it with all respect, the belief of a visionary not of a practical man, such as we always took Dr. Be van to be. No gambler is ever taught by experience. He loses Ins money on one game only to try another. He may be reduced to destitution and live like the Prodigal Son on husks and occasional counterlunches for a year, because lie Has backed the red too consistently, hut as soon as lie is in funds again, he returns to the tables and tries his luck Mice more 111 the iirm belief that lie will win back all be has lost, and as much more in addition. Vou couldn't prise this belief out of the mind of a gambler though you had—as Oliver Wendell Holmes says of another delusion — the tire of nil creation straightened out for a crowbar. And wc are all more or less gamblera in this community — if not in one way then in another. It was, for that matter, the spirit of gambling that made this country what it is. The coming nut to A ustralia in the early days was a risk—a venture—a gamble, in fact. So we say that, in spite of the object lesson given by the Land Boom, the same persons who lost money by it would lose money by another Boom to- morrow—if they had any to lose. And if they were the only sufferers ne don't think it would matter much. THE Government seems so genuinely anxious to hoist the country out of the quagmire of depression by making retrenchments whenever there is a ghost of a chance of doing so, that we think every patriotic citizen should help it with all the suggestions he can make. We have two or three which we propose to make straight away. We notice by a list published in a late issue of the Government Gazette that the cabbage-tree bats of the Water Police cost thirteen shillings and sixpence each. This is an item which should he promptly cut down with an unsparing hand. The Water Police will be able to perform their duties just as energetically ill caps costing, say, half-a-crown apiece as they do now in cabbage-tree hats, costing what amounts to a small fortune in these hard times! Besides, thecabhage-tree bats must be inconvenient in windy weather, and have not even the merit of being picturesque like the brigand headgear of the Mounted Rifles. Another opportunity for retrenchment of a drastic description may he found in conneclion with the uniforms of departmental messengers. The tunics of these gorgeous Mercuries cost £2 5s., their trousers £1 and their caps 12s. <>d. each.' There are many members of Pailiament whose entire rig-out doesn't cost as much a.s this. Why should the departmental messengers ho such vision* of glory ! Why. too, should (he top pricc of lils. (id. per yard be paid for billiard cloths for the lunatics in the asylums fo rip up with expensive cues in the frunzy of the game '. It seems to us that this is an item of expenditure which might be docked without doing injury to anybody—except, perhaps, the firm that imports the cloth. The lunatics would be just as happy if the tables were covered with green sacking. There is yet another item to which the pruning knife' of which we have heard so much lately should be applied unflinchingly. We refer to the carpeting, ,tc., on the floors of the Ministerial offices and other apartments of State. The list referred to shows that nothing inferior to Brussels, Dutch, Kidderminster, and velvet pile is considered worthy of being trod upon by Ministerial and high official boots, while the hearthrugs in these apartments 11111st be of such material as velvet pile. Tanjore or Mecca. White elephants mad with pride, as the Hindoo saying goes, could ask 110 more than this. Ministers have here a chance to show that their Crusade of Retrenchment is really genuine by striking these luxuries out. of the list of future official requirements, and substituting kamptulicon, cocoanutmatting, linoleum, .Vc. 'I hey will be able to carry out the work of their Departments just as well 011 the latter as 011 the former. We trust that tlicv will take the few suggestions we have made ill good part, and act upon them with as little delay as possible. KvEiiVTiti.Mi, including information, comes to him who waits. A fortnight ago we remarked, ill .111 article published ill these columns, "we would like to know for certain whether the establishment of this Bureau (meaning the Government Labour Bureau) will not mean the formation of the nucleus of a-new Department, withaMinisterof No Work at the head of it." We now know for certain that it, does mean this, or at any rate something very like it. The only difference is that the Chief of the Bureau will be a Permanent Head, instead of being a Minister with a portfolio all to himself. Mr. K. M. Cairnes, of the Mines Department, has been selected to fill the office. The Bureau is to be a branch of the Public Works Department. and Ministers, it appears, believe that it will be of assistance in the future in dealing with applications for holdiims under the provisions of the Village Settlements Bill for founding labour colonics. Perhaps it will, and we hope the game will prove to be worth the candle. * * * Casting a careless prophetic glance into futurity, «e can see a picture something like this—A working-man, anxious to go into the country and make a home for himself in one of the Village Settlements, calls at the headquarters of the Bureau, and informs a scented clerk to that effect. The clerk becomes slowly conscious of the presence of the man, and replies languidly, "You've come to the wrong place, my good fellah. Go to Branch B, and they will tell you all about it." The man finds Branch B after a time;, and is told by another ornamental clerk that, although he can give him all the information he requires, official etiquette prevents him from doing so unless the application is first, made through Branch A. The man wanders about for a while ill search of Branch A—which is sure t« he situated somewhere ill the vicinity of Branch '/•, or else the Labour Bureau will be an innovation 011 ordinary Civil Service methods— and, having found it 'eventually, puts his questions to a third curled darling, who tells him that they must be proposed in writing. He goes home, sufficiently disgusted, and writes a letter addressed to Branch A of the Labour Bureau. Branch A sends it to Branch B and so on, through as many branches as the Bureau may contain. The application is signed by one cleric, checked by another, countersigned by a third, endorsed by a fourth, and finally passes through the hands of the Permanent Head, who initials it and orders a reply to be sent fo the writer. The reply is sent to the address given in the course of six weeks or so. I11 the meantime the man has cither died or cleared out to another colony, and the communication is sent back to the Bureau ri< 1 the Dead Letter Office. This forecast of what may happen may appear to be a mere extravaganza hut if the Labour Bureau develops 011 the same lines, and at the same rate as some of the other Departments, we venture to say the picture will not be found to be greatly overdrawn. 