GENERALITIES. Stealing sway from bad oompany is jnstifi able larceny. If a woman's face is ber fortune, a man's cheek is frequently bis. The gambler who follows his ante is often obliged to hunt up his unole. A good many Bank cashiers are like guns— wellloaded when they go off. ^fatrimony is all right aB long as both hus band and wife like to read their old love fetters to each pther. There is never any difficulty in finding people to play first fiddle; but, oh, how hard it is to get the rest of the orchestra. You seldom see a man so honest that he says to hiB wife, " Where did I leave my hat ?" He usually says, "Wheredid you pus it?" Humanity .appears to be very unequally divided between those who can't, stand prosperity and those who can't get any to stand. "Yes," said J ones, "when my wife gets mad she reminds me of a vessel under way." "How, so?"enquired (Smith. "Because she's got her rancour up." "Small thanks to you," said a plaintiff to one of his witnesses, "for what you Baid in thiB case." "Ah, sir," replied the latter, "but just think of what I didn't say." Mrs. Ram was heard to remark that she " didn't know a finer body of men than the Yokel Loamanry." Probably the old lady meant the Local Yeomanry.—Punch. A Pis-allee.—" Are there any niggers on the beach this morning, mammie?" . "No, dear; it's Sunday morning." . "Oh, then I may as well go to Church with you?"—Punch. Tommy (inquiringly) — "Mamma, is this hair-oil in this bottle?" Mamma—".Mercy, no! That's mucilage." Tommy (non-cha lantly)—"I guess that's why I can't get my hat off." Scent—Board School—Junior class at "meanings" lesson. Teacher—"Give me a definition of ' responsibility.'" Boy—" Please, mum, when your breeks are haudin' up wi' ae button an' a preen." A very poor actor having played the part of the ghost in "Hamlet" for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said— " It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so that somebody else could take bis part." A Contented Mind.—He—" A—the fact is, I don't care for popularity. I only wish my books to be admired by those whose ad miration is really worth having !" She—" And who are they ?" He—" Those who admire my books !"—Punch, Watts—"Did Bingley ever accomplish his intention of getting even with the girl clerk who beat him out of his situation by offering to do the work at a smaller salary ?" Potts— "I rather think he did. He married her and she is supporting tbem both." Farmer (returning home from market rather jolly, seeing a rustic on a donkey)—" Hallo, my man, how much for your donkey's tail ?" Rustic (old man iu smock, looking at him some time)—" Well, gove'nor, I'll ax a good price, as I see it's the only thing thee wantB to finish thee." "Now, then," said Judge Sweetzer in a loud voice, "Mr. Baumgartner, you were present at this fray. Did Murphy, the plain tiff, seem carried away with excitement?" " Nein; be vos carriedt away on two piece poards mit hie heads Bplit open all down hiB pack." "That will do. You may stand down." The following is taken from a regimental paper:—"A little boy was reading in his Scottish history an account of the Battle of Bannockbnrn. He read as follows:—'And when the English army saw the new army on the hill behind their spirits became damped.' The teacher asked him what was meant by damping their spirits, and the boy, not com prehending the meaning, simply answered, ' Pittin water in their whusky !'" A neat story iB told of King Oscar. He was passing through a small town the other day, which was gaily decorated, when a gorgeous transparency attracted his attention. It hung upon a sombre-looking building and read— " Welcome, your Majesty." "What is that building V asked the King. And a Magistrate answered, "The county Gaol," much to the King's amusement, for he laughed and said that it was, indeed, " too much politeness." The Dorio when used in prayer is also moBt expressive and quaint. Take, for ex ample, the following supplication as quoted by Max O'Rell:—"O Lord, we pray Thee to send us wind, no a rantin', tan tin,' tearin*. wind, but anoolin', soughin', winnin'wind." That prayer certainly lackednotbin in point of definiteness. Again, howstrikinganddevotionalis'jthefollow ing passage from theold West country Mmister's prayer, which at first Bight might appear bold and unadvised—" O Lord, Thoo is like a moose in a dry stank dyke—aye keekin' oot at us frae holes, an' crannies, an' we canna see Thee." A Glasgow tradesman recently took rooms in a small country village in Lanarkshire for himself, wife, and family, during the summer months, as his wife's health was eomewhat feeble, and he thought she would be tbe better for the change. Their eldest child, a boy of seven or eight, was packed off to the village school the Monday morning after their arrival. On his return at dinner time he was asked bow be liked going to school in the country. •'Oh,fine," he answered eagerly; "I like it fine. There was five laddies got palmies, and yin lassie got ber lug pu'd, and anither yin got put in a corner. I'm no gaun to mibs a day for onytbing." Some little time ago a clergyman who had not been long in Bolton had occasion to pay a visit to an outlying farm, and in returning he completely lost his way. Whilst he was en deavouring to find the right road, he met a farmer's boy who was aho bound for Bolton, and who, although extremely astonished at such ignorance, volunteered to show him the way. Ab they walked along, the clergyman asked the boy what his occupation was. The lad told him, and then enquired, " An' whad does ta do, owd mon?" "Ob," replied the clergyman, " it is my duty to show the men the way to heaven 1" "Eh, gerront wi' thee," exclaimed the boy, with a knowing wink, "abeawt tbee showin' foalks th' way t' 'eav'n an' doan't knaw t' rowd to Bowbon 1" 