[?] THE SiftEf OF BUftAYOE. ? -♦— ? .CHAPTER IX.— /Continued.) « Don't let us talk of myself. You havobeen happy, I hope, Mr. Barclay ?' she saidi in her clear fresh voice, the voice that I delighted to listen to. ' I i suppose, .your mother overjoyed to see you?' ? . . . She thought me grown, l answered, overpowered for an instant by. the grim humour of the situation and the recol lection, .of Louisa and unwilling atten tions, i- :':? ?'?,'.?'.. ' She is fortunate to have a good son,' said Kathleen sadly. 'She is very fortunate.' . Then a silence, fell on both of us. My heart was too full to speak ; words choked me. I was devoured by wonder and curiosity, and pity. I was tormented with doubts and difficulties, and Kath leen herself moved as in a dream beside me,- so quiet, so absent, so coldly pre occupied. We walked like this all round the garden. Once or twice I had to stop and pull aside a. straggling thorny brier which caught in her dress, and covered ns both with glistening dew-drops. The dead leaves rustled sullenly beneath our feet as we parted and trampled upon them ; it seemed to me as if we were two ghosts ourselves, wandering round and round the beaten track of our alloted orbit, chilly and impassive, surrounded by the images of death and decay. s Always in this mysterious place I had a kind of sensation of a, dual life. John Barclay, the prosaic man of business, was buried away, and a new John, phan ton like, quixotic and ardent, moved in his stead. ' Our dull and aimless stroll continued. I could'almost hear Kathleen's gentle breathing in the still damp air as she walked meekly beside me. Suddenly I broke the silence. Stopping short, I stood in front of her, where no quiver of her countenance could be concealed from me, and said : ? Kathleen, you will let me be your friend i yon will trust me, whatever be tides 1 Do, my poor child !' She lifted her eyes readily and con fidingly to mine, and giving me her hand . ' said : ,;? .'..,. -. ,.-. .-??? . ?? ? ' ' I 'trust you;' ' \- I bent my head and raised her hand to iny lips, sealing the bargain with a kiss. ? Then, satisfied in my own mind, I spoke again more .freely, and braced myself for the meeting with her father. Myles was far more changed than his daughter. At first he appeared annoyed and alarmed at mv sudden visit ; pre sently, however, when by dint of indiffer ent talk and chat I had proved to him that no sinister intention lay at the bot tom of it, he seemed almost pleased. I f was still more puzzled, therefore, to ac count' for, Kathleen's agitation at my coming, and her anxious desire that the father should know nothing of it. However, I had drawn up a line of conduct for myself, and determined to be silent, and only watch and wait. Myles was very feeble now, He sat nearly all day in his chimney-corner smoking — the peat lire in these raw autumnal days was welcome and cheerful enough even to me ? and X noticed an increase in the ner vous .trembling of his hands. He had grown more monosyllabic, too, but flashed out occasionally with one of his old bursts of anger and jealous carping. ' Altogether, beyond the fact thot he was certainly frailer, I saw no great cause for concern, nor anything to account for Kathleen's strange Iobs of spirits. The evening drew on ; supper was served as usual. Mb preparations had been made for me, and I did not expect y ; them; but 1 iancied tne tooa was )' , scantier, and of a less good quality. ty ' Directly we had eaten we returned to the 1 W [ study,1 and it was tllen I remarked a new {?,'. ' ' - kind of I'fidgetiness injlvathleen. She V *' , moved about restlessly, and sometimes \\- ' peered out of the window .as though ! ' ? expecting some one. Suddenly she I would take up her knitting and coil her ?' , , solf in the window-seat, as of old ; then drop it suddenly, and come nearer to whe're we sat by the fire. It was dark ' now, and there was no moon ; the little J room was but poorly lighted by the 4 ' smoky old-fashioned lamp, which threw strange ihadowB on the walla, and dug y deep, black hollows under the old man's eyebrows. Involuntarily I compared the s pair I had just left in the little Clapham house— my mother in her pretty cap and \ ' , brisk matronly activity, and Louisa with her tiny waist and modern ott'handedness of manner. I fear the comparison was ' not entirely flattering to the fashionable \- young lady ; the present scene was far more interesting and picturesque. I had begun to relate somo of the im provements and changes that had struck , ' me on.- iny, return to London, commenting on the strides of civilization, nnd praising \- tho modern care for sanitary and other \ i social matters. Myles seemed to listen I, with considerable interest, while Kath [ i Icon sat apart, .absent and inattentive, when a low knock came to the door, Kathleen sprang up, and to the inquir ' ing turn of her father's head replied, It's , Pat.' ?» She opened the door quiokly, und a i young man entered. When he saw me 1 ' ho stopped doubtfully. ' ' It's a friend, Pat,' said Kathleen un i, concernedly ; ' you can come in.' The young man approached with something of the suspicious and un friendly air of the house-cat who views a strange dog already established on tho hearthing. I . ' It's a dark night,' he remarked, as though expecting me to contradict him. ' Sit downj Pat,' said Myles, with con \- strained heartiness. ' Sit down and have a drop. Ye look as dazed as an owl.' , The comparison was not unhappy, for Pat's thick head and round blinking eyes gave him a certain resemblance to the bird in question. (To be Continued.) 