The Storyteller. The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHATPER XXIX. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Autor of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Garlingford," "The Rose in Jane," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.; &c.; Colonel Kingsward, however, could not be moved either by Bee's representations or by anything said by his son to grant to Charlie the permission and the funds necessary to pur- me his studies in Oxford by going "up" to read "in the Long." It was indeed very little that Charlie Raid to his father on the sabjeot. He responded somewhat sullenly to the Colonel's questions. " So I hear you want to go baok to Oxford to read?" " Yes," said the young man. " You have generally found before this that by the end of the term you had had too muoh reading." No reply. " I suppose yon want to be free of supervision and do exactly what yon please. And you find it dull at home?" " I have never said so," said Charlie. " You ought to feel that in the circumstances it was appropriate that it should be dull. Good heavens 1 were you contemplating amusing yourself, rioting with your comrades, when your poor mother——" " I have never thought of rioting with com rades," said Charlie, with averted head. " One knows what that means—going up to read in the Long; boats And billiards and hotels, bands of young men in flannels lounging about, and every decorum thrown to the windß." The Colonel looked severely at his son, who stood before him, turning over the pages of a book in his hand with lowering brows and olosfld mouth. " You think I don't know," he said sharply, "but you are mistaken. What would have been best for. you would have been the discipline of a regiment. I always thought so; but at least I'm not going to permit every decent bond to be broken through." "I think, sir," said Charlie, "that it's enough to say 'No,' without aocusing me of things I never thought of." " I am the best judge of what is enough," said the angry father. "If you want a week or so in town I don't object; but Oxford in the Long No. I only hope," he added, severely, " that there's no woman in the case." Charlie's countenance fluehed crimson. He gave his father, a furiou3 glance. "If that's all," he said, "I may now go, perhaps ?" "Yes, go," said the Colonel angrily. He was himself sorry for that last insinuation as soon as his son had left the room. His angry SUBpicioaanesa had carried him too far. Not that he blamed himself for the suspicion. But he was aware that to speak of it was a false Btep and could do no good. If there was a woman in the oase that flying dart would not move the yonng man to penitence or turn him from any dangerous way. Colonel Kingsward, however, qniokly forgave himself for this inadvertance, and reflected with satisfaction that at least he had prevented the young fool from making an ass of himself for this summer. And in such cases absenoe is the best remedy and hinders muoh mischief. Charlie rejected with indignation the week in town which his father offered. "A week in town I" he said to Bee con- * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "The Sorceress" has beon purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. temptuotißly. "To waste my time and debase all my ideas! What does he think I want with a week in town ? That's the way a fellow's father encourages him to do the best he can. Oats off all inspiration, and throwti one on the dregs of life! It's enough to make a man kick over the traoes altogether." "But Charlie," said Bee with timidity, " don't you think it's very very quiet here. We have nothing to disturb us. If you were to try to do your work at home ?—you would have the library to sit in all the week while papa is in town." " Out of reach of books, out of reach of any eoaoh—it's like telling a mason to build a wall without any stone." " The library is fall of books," said Bee with a little indignation. " What kind of books?—military books, and travels, and things for reference—old peerages and so forth, and some of the heavy old reviews and a few novels. Muoh good a man who is going in for real reading would get out of that 1" " But yon have your own books—all those that you carry about with you, Charlie." "Oh !" he said with impatience. " What are they? Horrible cribs and things that I promised not to nse any more." " Does Laura," said Bee with a little awe, " say yon are not to use cribs?" "And as for the quiet," said Charlie, eon tinning his strain of complaint, "if you call that quiet! When you never know that next moment there may not be a rush down the nursery stairs like wild horses let loose, and shriekß all over the house for Bee or for nurse, sending every idea out of a man's head; or else baby screaming fit to bring down the boose. Ton know nothing about it, to be rare; it is like talking to the wind to talk to a little thing like you. A man can't work unless he's in the right place for working. If any difficulty arises in a passage, for instance, what do you think I am to do here?" "Do you go to Laura when there is a diffl oulty about a passage, Charlie?" " No, you little fool!" With a flush of anger and shame he begged her pardon next minute. " But it is so hard to explain things to you, Bee. You are so ignorant—naturally, for, of course, you never were taught anything. Don't you know that Oxford is full of coaches ?" he said. "That was just what I was thinking of, Charlie—if you will not be angry but let me speak. ' Speak away," he .said. This was on Mon day, after Colonel Kingsward had left. The days which he spent at Kingswarden were the heaviest, as has been said, to the young party; never theless when he went away the blank of that long world of a week, without any communica tion to speak of from without, closed down alarmingly upon the elders of the family. Even when papa was oross, when he was dissatisfied with his dinner or found fault with the noise of the children, it was more or less an event. But when he departed there was a sense of being ont off from all events, separated from the world altogether, shut out from news and the hum of society, which was very blank and deadening. Bee and Charlie dined alone, and it was dreary; they spent the evening together, or else alone—one in the library, one in the garden, where the beauty of the summer even ing waa terrible to the one poor little girl with her recollections, incapable of shutting them out in that utter stillness, and trying very in effectually not to be unhappy. When Charlie threw open the window of the library and strolled forth to join her/as he generally did, it was a little better. Bee had just done very conscientiously all her duties in the nursery, bad heard the children say their prayers, in which they still, with a little pause of awe, prayed God to bless dear mother—and had made all the valorous little efforts she could to keep down the olimbing sorrow. When she heard the sound of the library window she quickly dried her eyes and contrived a smile. And she was a very good listener. She suffered Charlie to talk about himself as muoh as be pleased, and was interested in all he said. She made those little allusions to Laura which pleased him, though he generally answered with a scornful word, as who should Bay that " a little thing like you" was incapable of comprehending that lady. But this was the sole diversion of these young people in the evening. People called in the afternoon, and there was occasionally a game of tennis. But in the evening they were almost invariably alone. They were strolling about the garden on this oooasion while the young man bewailed himself. Bee, though she made those allunions to Laura, had never got over that little chill in respeot to her, which had arisen in the most capricious, oauspless way when she knew that Laura lived in Oxford. Nothing could be more unreason able, but yet it waa bo. It suggested something fictitious in her brother's eagerness to get baok, and in his supposed devotiqn to his work. Had his Egeria been anywhere else Bee would not have felt this, but she did feel it, though she could not tell why. She was very anxious to please him, to content him if possible with his present life, to make her sympathy sweet to him, seeing that he had nobody but herself to console him, and must be separated from Laura until Ootobor. Poor Charlie! it was hard indeed that this should be the case, that he should have so dull a home, and no companion but his sister. But it couH not be helped; his sister at least must do what she could. "You must not be angry," said Bee very humbly. "It is only an idea that has come into ray head—there may be nothing at all in it—but don't please shut me up as you do sometimes—hear me out. Charlie, there is Mr. Delaine." " Mister—what ?" said Charlie, which indeed did not Bhow a very complaisant frame of mind—but a curate in the country is of less im portance in the horizon of the Bon of a house who is at Oxford than he is in that of the daughter at home. •'Mr. Delaine," repeated Bee. "You don't remember him, perhaps, at all. He is the curate. When he came first be was said to be a great scholar. He took a first class. You need not say, pooh 1 Everybody said so, and it is quite true-" " A first in theology, I suppose," said Charlie disdainfully. " No, not that—that's not what people call a first. Mr. Barton, I have always heard, is a good Boholar himself, and he said a first; of eonrse, you know better than I- do what that means." " Well," said Charlie, " and supposing for the sake of argument that he took a first— what then?" " Why, Charlie dear! He is an Oxford man, too: he most know all the things yon want to know—difficult passages and ail that. Don't you think, perhaps " "Oh, a coach 1" cried Charlie. Then he paused, and, with withering satire, added, " No doubt for little boys—your curate might do very well, Bee." " He is not my curate," said Bee with indig nation, " but I hate always heard he was a great scholar. I thought that was what you wanted." " It is not to be expeoted," said her brother loftily, " that you should know what I want. It is not a eoaoh that is everything. If that were all there need be no such things as universities. What a man needs is the whole machinery, the ways of thinking, the arrange ments, the very atmosphere." He strolled along the walk with his hands in pockets and his shoulders up to his ears. "I do not think It is possible," he added, turning to her with a softened tone, " that I could make you understand; for it is so dif ferent from anything you have ever known." " I hope I am not so dreadfully stupid 1" said Bee incensed. "If Laura understands, why should it be so impossible for me?" " Oh, for goodness sake talk of things you can know something about t as if there was any comparison between her and you." "I think you are very uncivil," said Bee, ready to weep. " I may not be clever, but yet I am your sister, and it is only because I wanted to help«you that I took the trouble to speak at all." •'You are very well-meaning, Bee, I am sure," said Charlie with condescension; "I do full justioe to your good intentions. Another fellow might think you wanted to have Delaine here for yourself " " Me I" oried Bee with a wild pang of injured feeling and sense of the injustice and in appropriateness, the cruel wrong of suoh a sug gestion. And that Charlie could speak like that—who knew everything I It was almost more than she could bear. " But I don't say that," he went on his lofty tones. " I know you mean well. It is only that you don't—that you can't understand. How should she?" he said to himself with musing superiority, and a nod of his head as if agreeing to the impossibility. Bee resented the tone, the assumption, the comparison that was implied in every word. " I wonder," she cried, "if you ever tell Laura that she doesn't and can't understand?" He stopped short opposite to her, and grasped her arm. "Bee"' he said almost solemnly. " Don't! If you knew her you would know what folly it is and presumption to compare yourself for one moment!—and do me the favour not to profane that name, as if it were only a girl's name like your own." " Is she a princess, then ?" cried Bee, "or an angel ? or what is she ?" "She is both, I think," said Charlie in a \- voice full of awe, "at least to me. I wish you wouldn't talk of her in that way. I am sorry I ever told you her name. And please just let my affaire alone. Tou haven't been able to do anything for me with my father, whioh is the only thing you might have done—and I don't want to disousß other things with you. So please just let my concerns alone from this day." " It was not I that ever wished to interfere!" oried Bee with great mortification and resent ment ; and after a few minutes' silent walk to gether in much gloom and statelineßS the brother and sister bade each other an offended and angry good night. Chapteb XXX. This made, however, but a very temporary breach between Bee and her brother. They were a little stiff next morning at breakfast and elaborately refrained from talking on any but the most trival things, bat by noon this reserve had broken down and in the evening, though Bee proudly refrained from any reference to Laura, they were as confidential as ever. Bee's mind had passed through various vicissitudes in respeot to this object of Charlie's adoration. Her first overwhelming interest had given way to a little doubt, and this was naturally strengthened by the overweening estimate of the unknown which Charlie thrust upon her. A girl is very willing to admire at second hand her brother's love, but when she is told that it is presumption to compare herself with that divinity her sympathy is strained too far. Bee began to have an uneasy feeling about this un known Laura. It was one thing to stimulate Charlie to work, to stir up all that was best in him, to urge him to distinguish himself, for Charlie's sake, or for their joint sakes, if they married and became one—which was the only thing that oould happen in Bee's idea—but it was quite another thing to pretend an enthusiasm for this in order that Charlie should be kept within her reach and at her feet daring that quiet time of the long vacation. Bee knew enough to know that severe work is not com patible with much love-making. She imagined her brother strolling away from bis books to take Laura out on the river or lie at her feet in the garden, which had become the habits of his life, as he betrayed to her accidentally. Bee thought with a little indignation that the lofty intentions which would probably end in these proceedings were of the nature of false pretences, and that the girl whom Charlie endowed with the most superlative qualities should not attempt to take him from his home for such reason—or at least if" she did should do it frankly for love's sake, whioh was always a thing to be forgiven, and not on any fictitious pretence. For Charlie being refused that heroic way of working, " going up to read," did not read at all, as was apparent to his sister's keen eyes. He did not attempt to do the best he could, being prevented from doipg what he deaixed. He settled himaelf, it if trae, in the library after breakfast with his books as if with the intention of working; but before Bee had got through the little lesson which she gave every morning to the little ones Charlie was oat strol ling about the garden or lying on the grass in the shade with a book whieb was either a novel or one which lay closed by his side while he abandoned himself to thought—to thought not abont his books it was to be feared, for Bee, with tremors of sympathy in her heart, reoog nised too well the dreamy look, the drooped eyelids, the air astray from anything going on around. From questions of study, as far M Bee had perceived in her short experience, the merest footstep on a path, the dropping of a leaf, was enough to rouse the student. Charlie's thoughts were of a far more absorbing kind. Colonel Kingsward suggested once more the week in town when he came on another Satur day evening to Kingswarden. He was a man not very open to a perception of the wants of others, but as time went on and he himself be came more and more sensible of the ameliorat ing influences of society and occupation, the stagnant atmosphere at home, where his two elder children were vegetating, so much against all their previous habits, struck him with a sensation whioh he could not wholly get the better of. It was only right that Bee, at least, should remain in the country and in retirement the first summer after her mother's death. It would have been most unbecoming had she been in town seeing people, and necessarily, more or less, being seen by the world. Bat yet he felt the stillness dose round him like a sensible ohill, and was aware of the great quiet—aggravated by his own presence, though of this he was scarcely aware—as if it had been a blight in the air. It made him angry for the moment. In other times his house in the country had always been refreshing and delight ful to him. Now, the air, notwithstanding that it was full summer, chilled him to the bone. When you are escaping from the atmosphere of grief anything that draws you back to it feels like an injury. He was very cross, very im patient with the silence at table, the subdued looks of the young people, and that they had nothing to say. Was it not worse for him than for them ? He was the one who had lost the most, and to whom all ministrations were due to soften the smart of sorrow. But afterwards his thoughts towards his ohildren softened. It was very dnll for them. On the Sunday evening he took the trouble to press that week in town upon Charlie. " There's a spare closet you can have at my rooms at the office," he said. " It's very oentral if not muoh else, and I daresay your friends will ask you out quietly as they do me. I think even you might bring up Bee for the day to see the piotures. She oould stay the night with the old Hammonds and see Betty." " Oh, don't think of me, papa," cried Bee. " I would rather, far rather, stay at home. I don't care for the piotures—this year." " That iB foolish, my dear," said the Colonel. •• There is nothing in the least unbecoming to your mourning in going there. Indeed, I wish you to go. You ought not to miss the piotures, and it will be a little change. Of course, 1 oannot go with you myself, but Charlie will take you, and you oan go to Portman-gquare to sleep. You will see Betty, who must be thinking of coming home about now; indeed it is quite necessary you should settle that with her. She oan't stay there all the season, and it is rather heartless leaving you like this alone." "Oh no, papa. It is I that wish her to stay. She would have come back long ago but fot me." Bee's generous assumption of the blame, if there was any blame, excited her father's sus picion rather than admiration. He looked at her somewhat severely. "I oannot conceive what object you can have in preferring to be alone," he said. "It is either morbid, or— In either case it makes it more desirable that Betty should come baok. You oan arrange that. We will say Wednesday. I suppose you will not be nervous about returning home alone ?" 11 But, papa " " I consider the question settled, Bee," said Colonel Kingsward, and after that there was nothing more to be said. Poor Bee wept many tears over this compul sory first step baok into the world—without her mother, without She did not mean (as she said in her inmost thoughts) any one else, but it made the whole world vacant around her to think that neither on one side nor the other was there any one to walk by her side, to take her hand, to make her feel that she was not alone. Nevertheless, it oannot bo denied that, in the morning, this was the first thought that came into her mind, with a faint expansion of her young being. The change, though it was not joyful, was still something; and when she set out with Charlie on Wednesday morn ing her heart, in spite of herself, rose a little. To see the pictures 1 The piotures are not generally very exoiting, and there was not, as it happened, a sensation in any one of them in this particular year, even bad Bee been capable of it, which she was not. But yet she had a sensation, and one of the most startling descrip tion. As Bhe was going languidly along, looking at one picture after another, mechanically referring to the catalogue, whioh conveyed very little iden to her mind, her attention was suddenly attracted by a lady standing in front of one of the ohief piotures of the year. She was talking with great animation to some friends who surrounded her, pointing out the qualities and excellencies (or non-excellencies, for Bee was not near enough to hear) of the picture. She was piotureaqaely dressed in black, a tall and commanding figure, with a great deal of lace about her, and a fine profile, clearly out and impressive. Bee's whole attention was called to her as by a charm. Where had she seen hex before? She seemed acquainted with every detail of her figure and penetrated by a vague reminiscence as of some one who had been of personal importance to herself, though Bhe oould not tell when or how. "Who is she? Oh, who is she ?" Bee asked herself. She was very handsome—indeed Bee thonght her a beautiful woman ; not young, whioh is a thing always noted with a certain pain and com passion by a young girl, bat fall of grace ana interest. While Bee gazed, open-eyed, forget ful of herself, a young figure, very interesting, too, to behold in her deep mourning and with the oomplete forgetfulneas of herself involved in that wistful, inquiring, and admiring gaze, the lady turned round, presenting her full face to the girl's troubled vision. Bee felt her breath oome short, her heart beat. She fell baok hurriedly upon a vaoant plaoe on one of ihe benches whioh some one had oharitably left empty. Bee did not know who the woman was nor what possible connection she could have with her own fate, and yet there was a convio tion in the girl's heart that she had to do with it, that somehow or other her life was in this woman's hands. It was the lady whom she had met that autumn morning last year in the firwoodß round the Baths, where Bee had gone to finish her sketch—the lady who had appeared suddenly from among the trees, who had sat down by her, and pointed out the errors in the little picture and advised her bow to put them right. The black laoe which was so conspiouous in the stranger's dress seemed to Bweep over Bee as she passed with the same faint penetrating odour, the same thrill of unaccountable sensation. See could not take her eyes from this figure as it moved slowly along, pausing here and there, with the air of a connoisseur. Who was she ? Who was she? Bee turned as she turned, following her with her eyes. And then there occurred the most wonderful inoident, so strange, so unsuspected, bo unac countable, that Bee could scarcely suppress a cry of astonishment. Charlie had been " doing" the piotures in his way, going faster than his sister, and bad been roaming down the whole side of the long gallery, while Bee occupied her self with one or two favourites. He appeared now at a little distance, having made the round of the room, and Bee was the involuntary, much surprised witness of the effect produoed upon Charlie by the sudden appearance whioh had so much excited herself. He stopped, short with it seemed a sudden exclamation, let the book in his hands drop in his amaze ment, then cleaving the crowd preoipitated himself upon the group in whioh the lady stood. Bee watched with oonsternation the hurried eager greeting, the illumination of his boyish face, even the gesture—both hands put forth, and the quiver of his whole eager figure. She even heard a little cry of surprise from the lady who presently separated herself from her friends and went on with Charlie in the closest conversation. It seemed to Bee as she watohed, following them as well as she could through the crowd whioh got between her and these two figures, that there were no two heads so close together in all the throng. They seemed to drift into a corner where the piotures were of no importance, where they were comparatively undisturbed as if for the most confidential talk. It was not mere acquaintanceship, a ohanoe meeting with some one he knew; it was utter forgetfulness of everything else, complete absorption in this new interest that seemed to move her brother. For a time Bee formed no conoiußion, thought of no explanation, but watched them only with all her faculties. The catalogue which Charlie had dropped was shuffled and kicked to her feet by the passers by, a visible sign that something unusual had happened. What was it ? who was she ? And then there darted into Bee's mind a sug gestion, an idea which she could not, would not, entertain. Laura! was.it possible that this could be Laura ? The thought sent a thrill through and through her. But no! no! no! she cried within herself, impossible! This lady was years older than Charlie—of another generation altogether—not a girl at all. She gazed through the crowd at the two heads in tiie corner of the room, standing as if they were looking at the piotures. They nad their baoks to Bee, and she oould see nothing but occa sionally a side glimpse of Charlie's cheek and the laoe bonnet with the unusual accompani ment of a floating veil whioh covered his com panion's head. She had remembered the veil at once—not primly fastened over her face as most ladies wore them, but thrown back and falling behind, a headdress such as nobody else wore. It distinguished from every other head that of the woman who, Bee now felt sure, was like somebody in a tragedy of Fate—some body who had to do, she could not tell how, with the shipwreok of her own life—for had she not appeared mysteriously, from she knew not where, on the very eve of misery and ruin ?— and now was overshadowing Charlie's, bringing him some calamity. Bee shivered and trembled among all the crowding people on the seat whioh so many people envied her, and felt that she was retaining far longer than her share. She was too much frightened to do as she oould have wished to do, to rush after them —to draw her brother away, to break the spell. Suoh a dark lady had been known in story long before Bee was born. Could it be true that hateful beings were permitted to stray about even in the brightest scenes, bringing evil augury and all kinds of trouble with them? Many a time had Bee thought of this lady—of her sudden appearance and of her questions about the Leighs—of something in her look, an air of meaning whioh even at the moment had confused the unsnspioious, unalarmed girl. And now, Charlie. What was she? Who was she? Laura? Oh no, no ; a hundred times no. If Bee could have supposed that her respectable father or any member of her inno cent family could have wronged any one she would have thought it was a ghost lady ominous of trouble. Oh, what a silly thought in broad daylight, in the Academy of all places in the world ! There was very little that was visionary or superstitious in suoh a place. Charlie oame back to join his sister after a considerable time with a glowing face. " Oh, you are there!" he cried, " I've been looking everywhere for you. I couldn't think where you could have gone " " I should have seen you had you been look ing for me," said Bee. " Well, never mind, now that I have found you. Have you seen as much as you wish ? It's time to be moving off if you mean to get to Portman-square in time for tea." " Charlie," said Bee, very gravely getting up and moving with him towards the door, " who is that lady you were talking to with the black 1*» about her head?" "What lady?" said Charlie with a very fiolitious look of surprise and the colour mounting all over his face. " Oh, the lady I met—that lady ? Well, she is a lady—whom I have met elsewhere " "I have met her, too," cried Bee, breath less, " down at the Baths just before ——. Oh, who is she, who is she, Charlie? I think she is one of the Fates." "You little goose," cried her brother; and then he laughed in an unsteady way. "Per haps she is—if there was a good one," he cried. " She is," he added in a different tone, and then paused again; "but I couldn't tell you half what she is if I were to talk till next week—and never in suoh a noisy vulgar plaoe as this." Then Bee's mind, driven from one thought to another, oame suddenly baok with a jar and strain of her nerves to the question about Laura; was it possible that this should be she ? —for it was the tone sacred to Laura in which her brother now spoke. " Oh, tell me about her, tell me about her!" she cried, involuntarily clasping her hands— "she isn't—is she? Oh, Charlie, you will have time to tell me when we get into the park. Didn't she want to speak to me ? Why didn't you introduce me to her if she is suoh a great friend of yours?" "Hush, for goodness* sake, now; you are making people stare," said Charlie. He hurried her down the stairs and across the road out side, making her almost run to keep up with him. " I say, Bee," he cried hurriedly when he had signalled to a hansom, " should you mind going by yourself? I hate driving when I can walk. Why, you've been in a hansom by yourself before! You're not going to be suoh a little goose as to make a fuss about it now." " Oh, but Charlie—l'd rather walk too, and then you oan tell me " "Oh, nonsense," he oried, "you're tired already. It would be too muok for you. Port man-square, No Good-bye, Bee. I'll look you up later," he oried, as to Bee's con sternation the wheels of the hansom jarred upon the kerb and she felt herself carried rapidly away. [to be continued.] 