CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The second annual Christ- an Conference, hold under the name, of the Pi Horsham and District Ministerial AB'O-iitioUjWaaopcnoil in the Petersham Town Hall yesterday afternoon after a is very large attendance and minister, of nearly all do nominal sons took part in the proceedings The Rev. J Watsford (of Melbourne. presided The balance of the conference was " The Cut orthodoxy Ghost," I audit n us us ranged the clergy -men from d height churches should deal with different neckcloth the subject. The proceedings were opened with love tional exercises the large congregation joining heartily in the BCIVICO The Ci AIRMAN, said that when he was first invited to pie do he accepted the rail station with a good deal of fear and trembling in one sense but also with a good deal of confidence ARTHUR he knew that they were not look 111,5 women's guidance, butters relying on the Holy Spirit to smile and support them. At that son ference nil differences were laid in, do the, welcome in Jesus Christ Unley had a ( real subject bof ru them and he was sure that therefore would tend to the glory of their blessed History He comes j ed from the Melbourne conference g courses, and said the members taking part in prayed thatQotl would pour His spirit bountifully upon the meeting. He then reminded the meeting that Godmntlo than pure and holy in spirit, but he fell into sin and it 1 as to work out 1 n redemption that Christ came into the world It was necessary for Him to be crucified and leave it to enable the now diatiousatinn to take place that of the Holy Ghost Before He left HIH dis- ciple. He promised them that He would give them a .oin.ort«-tlio Holy Ghost and as the bud . ear, it was not long after the disciples note filled with it Areas shop Clay ton said that the Spirit descended to Christ in the form of a dove, because The 11 is pure, but it. seconded 011 the apostles III the former tongue, of Ure seeing there were sins which had to be revived After the blessed events of Pentecost the recip out v 000 gifted with great power They were absolutely Mint'u 5th the Spirit, and so could all those present he is they really desired it They did not want miraculous gifts, and they were not going to question v bother miracles would 01 or again be restored all they wanted was to be filled with the Holy Ghost In speaking about being full of it they did not mean absolute perfection that could go or be attained in this world but if they got it they would be now trust in God s service if they were told that the Holy Ghost dwelt in every train believes, that it was a comforter and that all who believe might be filled with it. They had had glorious example. of the power of men filled with the Spirit, 111 Wesley, Whitfield, Moody, and others, and although all would not be as they were they would reach 0 the gift if they pressed for it, and he invited them to of so. Dr STTEI then delivered an address on "The Giver " dealing with his part of the subject from " the promise of the Father " He described the Holy Ghost as the new agency in the dinner programme that came after the death of Christ and was designed as the Comforter, and such it really had proved to His disciples and all true believers since the promise was given to them by Christ, and although they waited for it with 0 influence they continually pray ed, and that was a duty that should not be forgotten by all seeking the Holy Spirit, the third part of the Blessed Trinity A tea meeting was then held, and the interval between the afternoon and evening meetings was devoted to prayer and praise and conversation on the topics of the conference At the evening meeting the attendance was. again very large, scores being unable to find seats, and After the usual exercises the Rev. James Hill M A , dealt with another phil so of the subject He devoted his remarks to "The Mediator of the Gift" as described in Acfo, 2nd chap , 32nd and 33rd verses-" JOSE having received of the Father . . hath poured forth this," and again in Luke, 24th, and 49th verse " I send forth the promise of the I other " To the Rev. N M rtm was entrusted the question, " What is included in the Gift?" His theme was based on the words " Every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ " Throughout intense fervour characterised the proceedings the hymns which were of a peculiarly appropriate character, being rendered with marked feeling, and although the addresses were necessarily very spiritual in tone, they were quite in accord with the objects of the gathering. The conference will be continued the afternoon and evening, when the subject will be further dealt with by other gentle- men. 