-' ? ?.'?' '? ? ??-: ?-.???-]?? ?? ??: ? ---??- =???- Charles Dickens. ? ??. ' . ... ]T * HIS HABITS AKD CHARACTERISTICS. Lecturing at the London Institution re cently on ' Dickens,' Mi. Percy Fitz gerald gave some happy reminiscences of the great novelist iu his hours of work and relaxation. gad's hill. It was a great privilege (said Mr. Fitz gerald) to be taken by the author of ' Pickwick ' himself all through Pickwick land, which -was close by, to the Leather Bottle Inn at Cohham, to the Bull, and other places. Yet I always noticed that he never seemed to care about this great book; nor did he relish its being praised. He looked on it as an early juvenile work' of a buffooning kind, and not to be com pared with his later -works. Mr. John Forster held the same view 5 and I have heard him say that future generations would not have time to read Dickens's works — the treatment being too slow and minute. Sometimes a village cricket match would be got up in his field, and he enjoyed the preparations and co operated in the heartiest way. He would rest great hopes on some stout village. ruBtic, who was to carry all before him for the Gad's Hill party. A tent was pitched, where he sat through the -whole match, doing what he really enjoyed — marking... This he did admirably, and Mb 'cheery voice was heard every now and again calling out, ' Well run ! Well hit !' with other cricketing encouragement. On some nights at Christmas, when the snow 'was on the ground, there would he a cheery dinner party, and the carriages of the neighboring vicer and others, whose bouses were dotted about, were seen driving up, crunching over the snow. It suggested the conventional Christmas number of the iilus lated papers ; the crimson curtains being drawn close and the ruby light seen afar off. At night he would give a sort of rehearsal of one of his readings, and once he good-humoredly proposed to try the effect competitively of ' Barbqx Brothers ' and 'Mugby Junction.' His little table was duly fitted up ; but all voices 'were for ' Mug-by Junction,' which accordingly ''went into the bilL' A pleasant evening followed, with some wonderful games in which he shone. There was one, called I think' The Six Questions,' in which some far-fetched impossible object 'was selected while he was out of the room, but he undertook to find it out by putting six questions ; I don't think he ever failed. It was a marvellous exhibition. DICKENS AS HOST. A more delightful host could not be imagined. He was always the same ; , cheerful, not subject to humors or ' the lows ;' at least not allowing them to be noticed ; always preferring to take the second place and yield, to listen rather than to talk himself, and almost grateful when anyone told him a good story or con tributed to the hilarity of tiie moment. Shakspere's sketch exactly described him : A merrier man Within the limit of becoming mirth, I never spent an hour's talk withal. His eye begets occasion for his mirth. His fair tongue conceit's expositor. As you talked you saw his eye travelling: busily, ' begetting occasion for mirth,' while 'conceits' — Le,, fanciful and gro tesque arrangements — were the result. Once I was describing to him a cuckoo clock I had seen abroad, in which the doors flew open at the appointed hours or quar ters, and two scarlet trumpeters burst out, who, after executing a very creditable flourish, retired as abruptly as they liad appeared. ' Yes ' (a twinkle came into his eje), he said, rumi natively, 'but, by-and-bye, one of the doors is sure to stick, and you'll see the poor trumpeters struggling to get out, feebly throbbing ?with his shoulder against the door, faintly striving to raise his trumpet, and failing ; finally, after a few more spasms, giving up the ghost, and the door would hang down ingloriously, half open and quite dislo cated.' ON TOUR. On two occasions I travelled round ?with him on his reading tours. A most delight ful holiday it was. He was full of spirit and spirits ; though after the readings he sometimes lay on the sofa a little ex hausted, but joking and listening with enjoyment to any oddities or humorous stories that we had picked up at the rooms. But after supper he -would say grotesquely, ' Now a child could handle me.' The varieties of country towns were entertain ing, and it was pleasant tG see the homage paid to him — the horny-handed coming up and asking respectfully to shake hands with him. His aide-de-camp, Dolby, was most useful to him, and always good humored. On off- nights we 'would go to the local theatre, and he would sit out some melodrama. His interest in these things was keen, and I was often aston^ ished to find at breakfast next morning that he had somewhere picked up all sorts of detail about the manager and his actors — how the manager's wife engrossed all the leading parts, though long since be come quite unsuitable to them. Once I waB travelling- with him on his reading tour, and he was preparing to enter a coupe which the directors had put on for him. I noticed a portly, smug-looking gentleman, with whom the etationmaster ?was whispering in a very obsequious way. He then approached Dickens, and said that this was the well-known Mr. ? , a very wealthy gentleman indeed, and who -would he glad to sit in the carriage -with Mr. Dickens and enjoy his conversation, up to town. I saw the smug gentleman 'waiting complacently, sure of success. Dickens, however, shook his head with a good-humored laugh- — he was only a foot or two off — and sent him a polite reply declining the proposal. ' ' The coupe was next the engine ; and on this very journey he had another narrow escape, the first being at Staplehurst. The great driving-wheel of the engine 'broke up, and one enormous fragment struck tho top of the carriage exactly over our heads. ' HOUSEHOLD WORDS ' OFFICE. Lately, turning over the old volumes of ' Household Words,' I was struck by the change in the style.. It was then all Dickens, or imitation of Dickens, and the system was a gathering-up of hard facts, scientific or otherwise, boiling them down into a eort of Bovril or Liebig's ' extract/' and dressing them up in. coniic style in ???.-.' 1 mimicry of our great master. Thus Mr. Edmund Yates found put all about ' Riding London ' — that is, about the horses of London, the jobmasters, &c.; Travelling sketches were treated in the same way. Thus I spent a number of months in Home and Holland, and treated the natives and their ways in the freer and familiar style which was in fashion. The 'way was this. If a Cardinal or a noble had a likeness to Lord Palmerston, it was thought very droll all through the article to call him ' Cardinal Palmerston.' A street was like Coekspur-street ; it was called ' Roman Coekspur-street.' A French General may have suggested Dr. Parker, of the City Temple, or Sir W. Jenner, and he was in stantaneously dubbed 'General Parker' or ' General Jenner.' All this was thought at least lively, and no doubt suited the time, but I think would hardly go down now. The time when the Christmas num ber — which circulated nearly 300,G00 copies — had to be issued, a little circular was sent round to various authors explaining the proposed machinery and inviting tales. Here was a specimen : ' The tale is supposed to be related by word of mouth to a man who has retired from tho world and shut himself up moodily, gloomily, and dirtily. Generally it should have seme latent bearing on tho absurdity of such a proceeding.' Or again : Mr. Dickens is desirous that each article in the new year's number shall have re ference to something new. Some of the titles might he ' A New Lover,' ' A New PJay,' 'A Now Actor,' 'A Isew Boy.' It -was astonishing with what zeal and labor he directed his journal ; every line of it was either written or inspired or sug gested or directed by him. Often when writing a novel for him 1 got entangled in some terrible complication, with no prospect of extrication, he would cheerfully come to the rescue j and, fixing an hour, -would go carefully into the situation, then devise some brilliant solution. .He was a most liberal paymaster ; for such a novel lie has given me £500. He would insitt on paying for articles — unwritten even — because he had ordered them. ' I called on Zola the other day on a very dis agreeable errand,' writes Mr- Bobert H. Sherard, in the Atjthob. ' It was to asfe Mm to put his autograph in. a birthday book. This book be longed to a friend who is an ardent collector cf autographs, and also a, great admirer of the chief of the naturalist school. To oblige my friend I did what I would not have done for myself. Still, I did not care to face M. Zola with the request. I feared an ' Et tu, Brute/ but sent up, as ambassador, a note in which I explained my purpose. Zola came sunning downstairs, cordial .as usual, and had me up to tis study. 'Have you the instrument of torture with you?' he asked. Then opposite April 2 he wrote his laborious signature. 'I hate giving1 autographs/ bo said, ' when the re quest reeks of commerciality. I am constantly receiving circulars, chiefly from America, but never answer them.' That birthday book con tained the last signature Victor Hugo ever wrote. I obtained it a few days before his death. It was pathetically feeble and illegible.' Colonel Airey, the officer commanding the Per manent Artillery Forces, inspected the garrison at Fort Scratchley, Newcastle, yesterday, and also visited the fort on Shepherd's Eill. The soldiers under Majcr Baynes were put through, a number of evolutions, and were f urttor examined in the manipulation of heavy guns. Colonel Airey expressed himself highly pleased -with, the efficiency of the'irieri, and left for Sydney by the afternoon express. 