Humour. * All that I am or ever hope to be I owe to my wife,' said Marrowfat. 'That's right,' retorted Hicks, * blame everything on your wife. It's the manly thing to do.' Ward—What do you suppose Solomon meant when he said: ' Give me neither poverty nor riches!' Randall—He pro bably wanted to work on a salary. When a man's sins find him out they tell his friends. We should always forgive our enemies —especially those we can't whip. ' The coming man* is the fellow who holds your note. Judge Hardup—It seems to me these trousers are too short, Moses. Cohen— My friendt, dot vas my new spring style, warranted nefer to get trodden down at der heels. Keep a close eye on the man whose wife is afraid U^ask him for money. Adam" was proudly conscious that he never made a mistake in his boyhood. Of all the provoking people in the world, the man who says, 'I thought of some thing a moment ago that it was very im portant yon should know, but I can't re member what it is now,' is the worst. A Specialist—* Why don't you work ?' j arid a charitable woman to a tramp. * I j would if I had tools, mom,' said the tramp. 1 ' What tools do you require V * A knife f and fork, if you please, mum.' > The world is but a fleeting show, and to most of us the good seats have all been taken. A little man never looks so big to the world as be does when he stands on a bag of money. A man finds the poorest companionship when he ' entertains a. suspicion/ * You wish to marry one of my daugh ters ? The youngest will get 15,000 marks, the second 30,000, and the oldest 45,000.' ' You don't happen to have one still older ?' A man advertises for a wife, faeanty no object, but wants her friends to deposit £500 with him as security for her good behaviour. 'How many lodges did you say your huBbaud belonged to ?' she suddenly asked. 'Fifteen.' 'Mercy on me! But j think of a man being out fifteen nights a ! week ! I'm really glad that I'm a widow.' | 'My wife's sister in Ireland is dead, 1 and she's wearing mourning and she thought it'd be more appropriate like to j nse black tea for a while now,' wrote a 1 sympathetic brother-in-law to his mother. It is a well-established principle *■ of economics that the young man who would getnp with tbe sun should not stay up later than 10 o'clock .with the daughter. Bilson says the trouble between himself j and his wife is only a difference of terms. j She calls herself strong-minded and he ! calls her headstrong. j 'Hannah,' said a landlady tq her new j servant, 'when there's any bad news, al- | ways let the boarders know it before din- | ner. Such little things make a great dif- j ference in the eating In' the course of a j year.' ] How it Worked.—'What makes the house so quiet V asked the new boarder, j ' The landlady discourages conversation,' ] •was the reply. ' Afraid of gossip 1' * Oh, ! no. But sociability promotes appetite.' 'I see,' said tbe new boarder, thought fully, as he relapsed into silence. Appearance was Deceitful.—A beautiful young lady dressed in the height of fash ion was leaning over a gate on one of our side streets, when a smitten young man approached her. 'Good evening, miss. Will yon kindly inform me if you have noticed a stray dog pass here V She un closed the rosy portals of speech and an swered quickly: 'No. I ain't saw any other dog this evenin'.' Another cherished ideal was smashed to smithereens. 'Have yon 'Hours of Idleness' here?* the maiden asked, as she sauntered into the second-hand book shop. 'No, we haven't, miss,' said the youth behind the counter. ' The boss is an old skin-flint, and when we ain't doing any business he keeps us dusting the books.' While a circus procession was passing a certain gate a little boy leaned against one of the posts. He remained without fear while the elephants were passing and evi dently enjoyed the sight till the camels came along. Then he took hold of his papa's coat and eaid as he trembled: 'Papa, I'm 'fraid of those elfnnts wiv their bustles on.* Dasher—' Clara, dear, will yon be my wife y Clara—* Have you asked mamma !' Dasher—* Yes. But she won't have me.' She—Who Is that? He—Mr. Mark ham. She—How sad he looks ! Has he been disappointed in love? , He—Yes. The girl's father failed the week after Markham married her. Attorney—Now, sir, look me in the face! I want a truthful auswer to my question. Witness—I am trying to tell the truth. Attorney—Trying to tell me the truth ! You find it hard work, hey ? Now, look me in the face! Were you not trained to" tell the truth"? Witness— I—I don't know, sir. My folks always wanted me to be a lawyer. Higby—1 Where was the New York po lice force twenty years ago?' Rig by— * In New York, of course.' Higby—' No, sir; in Ireland.' Ladies do not like to grow old, and yet they are the very first to adopt new wrinkles. Mrs. Gramercy—' Was your husband presented at Court when he was in Lon don V Mrs. Hightone—>* Once only. He got offwith a fine. It was only a plain drank.' Mrs. liHshforth—' Jaggs, you have been drinking again. Haven't you, now V Mr. Lushforth —4 M' dear, I cannot tell a lie ' Mrs. Lushforth—' You can't ? You are further gone than I thought.' It is well to make the best of this world, for you'll never get out of it alive. Mistress (to cook)—' Bridget, I wish j the beef underdone' tbis evening.* Cook ! —* Indeed, madame, I've lived in the first families, and I always cooked meat on top.' Master—* Now, cook, just look here! Look at that piece of bacon I've just given your mistress ! It's the worst cut I ever saw in my life ! and this piece I'm juBt going to take myself is only a little better.' Guest (at evening party)—'Did you notice , that Mr. Small's collar and culls were shockingly untidy, his. necktie all out of shape, and back of his coat all covered with lint and ravellings ?' Ditto —' Yes. By the way, who was the lady that corrected him so sharply when he made that little mistake in his Greek quo tation ?' * That was bis wife.' * Will you keep anything to drink when yon have a home of your own ?' asked her father. * Well, well,' stammered the young man, ' in case of sickness I think it well to have some.' * Ail right,' the old man replied, •• * you can marry my daughter; but don't be surprised if I call on you twice a week and get ill.' Doctor Bobnes (to transient patient)— 'All that you need, madam, is a little healthy excitement. Haven't you some friend who could take you to the circue ?' Patient—4 That would not help me, doc tor. I'm the lady that does the foar- horse bareback act every night.' A teacher was getting the new pupils tabulated. 4 What does your father do?' she asked one of the new boys. 'He's a contractor,' was the reply. 4 A railway contractor?' 4 No, ma'am ; a sausage con tractor. He ties up the ends after another man has filled 'em.' A little innocent misunderstanding is sometimes very useful in helping one over a hard place. 4 Mabel,' said the teacher, 4 you may spell kitten.' 4K-double-i t-e-n,' said Mabel. 4 'Kitten has two i's, then, has it ?' 4 Yes, ma'am, our kitteu has.' Neighbour—4 How do you like your new neighbours ?' Little girl—4 Mamma says they is awfu' nice people, real polite an' Christian.' 4 Has she called ?' 4 No, but we've sent in to borrow a dozen dif ferent things, an' they didn't once say they was just out.' * I wish I was a star,' he said, smiling at his own poetic fancy. * I would rather you were a comet,' said the maid, dreamily. His heart beat tumultuously. 'And why?" he asked tenderly, at the same time taking her unresisting little ; hand in bfe own ;4 and why ?' he repeated imperiously. 4 Oh!' she said, with a brooding earnestness tbatfell freezing upon his soul, 4 because then you would come round only once every fifteen years.' Mudge: 41 was around to a spiritual istic seance last night. An alleged ghost shook hands with me and claimed to be ; Thacksby—you remember Thacksby, I i suppose. He told me a great many things i that astonished me, but I am certain it was not Thacksby.' Yabsley : 4 How do you know? Mudge: 4He did not try to borrow a shilling.' 4 In the matter of taking care of yonr -father,' said the visitor, 4 you have no ! thing to reproach yourself with. You have furnished him a good home these many years.' 4 That iB true,' replied the host, thoughtfully. 4 Fifty-three years ago, when. I was a trusting, helpless, in nocent child, he gave me the name of Adonijah. But I have tried to do my duty towards him,' he continued, with a i look of calm resignation on his worn fea tures, 4 and I have succeeded, I think, in almost forgiving him.* Melancholy Stranger: 4You are sure this poison .will kill a man?' Druggist: 4 Yes, sir, I can guarantee it. By the j way, if yoipare going to commit sucide, I wish you'd put one of our circulars in your pocket. It will be a big advertise ment for us when your body is found.' | 4 Now, Willie,' said Clara, 4rdn out | and .play, there's a good little boy. I ex j pect Mr. Brindle shortly, and I want to j try the effect of my new gown on him.' ' You're too late, sis,' replied Willie, with a triumphant gleam in his eye. 4 Brindle called yesterday while you were I out, and I brought out the whole rig and j showed it to him.' ' 