In Strict Confidence. A stud farmer up Mudgee way lost a valuable brood mare the other day.. When found, its young foal was discovered suckling the dead mother. Infants have been known to do the same pathetic thing. ?j:, ? :> - . -.. . * . . . . They say the Marble, Man is going to Chicago. Extra special representative of New South Wales, probably. We hope the Yankees, won't take him for the ghost of Sir George's naughty, naughty word. * -I A couple were recently married at Newcastle (Eng.). On leaving the chapel, the happy pair were enthusiastically greeted by their many friends, and at once mounted : a tandem tricycle, which was waiting at the door, and started foe the honeymoon tour through North Wales. * * * The following is one of the penalties of greatness:-At Cairns (Queensland) a petition ¡has been initiated, praying Sir Samuel Griffiths to ref use the Chief Justice- ship, .on the ground that the country cannot allow its greatest statesman to retire from politics at the present critical moment. * * * Sir Wilfred Lawson was " in force " in a recent speech at Keswick. He declared thal in spite of real Tories, sham Liberals, reckless: Radicals, apathetic Englishmen, incendiary Irishmen, desperate dukes, gingerbread nuts and mad cows, that the Liberal partj ment Home Rule and other great Liberal measures to be carried. " The camels are coming." A larg« number of camels are being shipped tc South Australia, some of them , beinj; intended to work along the Wanaaring l and other roads. One hundred and thirty two of these interesting animals hav< already been landed, ex steamer Argus, a Port Augusta (S.A.), and 3Ö0 will shortly arrive at the same port, ex stearne: Landsdown Tower. * ? * The proposed banquet to Lord Charle Scott, the retiring admiral on this station has been taken up with enthusiasm b; prominent citizens. The gallant admira will have a send off which will take out o his mouth the taste of some not ove pleasant incidents which have oceurre» during his stay here. It is right that w should recognise the services of an office to whose charge the defence of our coae is committed. ? * Tho aldermen of Parkes propose to cal the town park the Sir George Dibbs Pari because if they did '* they might get som assistance from the Government." Thi instance of bucolic diplomacy is mterestin and somewhat amusing, considering th name by which the town itself is knowr But when is this degrading dependenc upon the central Govern ment to cease ? Als< when is Local Government coming ? An when are we to have the Greek Calend and the Millennium ? * Not many days ago, in the backyard < a house at Macdonaldtown, a police coi stable was seen going through a curioi operation. He was observed to pick v, handful after handful of dirt, and erne each handful gravely and carefully. Th proceeding excited considerable amuseme] among the neighbors and other onlookei Many of the spectators thought that tl constable was suffering from a mild atta< of lunacy. They know different noi The man who sniffed the dirt was Senio Constable Joyce, and he was searching f what has since been found in such cru profusion-the bodies of buried babies. ' * * * Still another leper- a Chinaman this time- has been discovered at Bombala. This sort of thing is becoming monotonous, but it is bound to go on until severe and unremitting researches are made into the health of the various Chinese camps throughout the colony. Leprosy is so foul and terrible a disease that no precaution against its spread would be too drastic. The whole of the Chinese of the colony should be subjected to an examination to test their freedom from leprosy. There are, at present, there can be no doubt, scores of lepers in the incipient stage of the disease in the colony. Under present circumstances, it is only when the disease goes beyond concealment that our medical officers discover it. Peope who have the interest of fiction at heart all regret that R. L. Stevenson has plunged into the mighty whirl of politics which rages about Samoa. The energy this, most charming and!breezy writer has expended upon the parish vestry politics the Samoans might, indirected in another channel, have produced another Treasure Island or Black Arrow. The ? Germans are wroth exceeding at R. L.'s interference in Samoan affairs,; the direction of which they regard as a peculiar appanage of the German Empire. The Germans have been " going it " lately at Samoa, and Stevenson has vigorously, exposed their policy. There may be no connection at all between the denunciation of the novelist and the latest development, which is that the : United States has despatched, once, more, a man- -of-war to Apia. The Germans, however, will blame the novelist for a surety, and, perhaps, some night Mr. Stevenson may find himself the inmate of a German prison. Things really do seem consider- ably sultry at present at Samoa, but one thing is certain : Germany will not be allowed to. have the whole of the Samoan pie when it is ready for consumption. « The thief is becoming scientific. In thc old days, when Bill Sykes wanted some- body else's watch, he simply knocked hi« brains out or choked him into a passivi condition. We have changed all that The robber of to-day simply walks up t< his victim and throws a handful of cayenne pepper, or some other excruciating powder into his victim's ejes, and while th< victim is writhing in blind agony the foot pad empties his pockets and decamps The burglar, too, no longer works witl jimmy and steel saw, laboriously cutting into the iron safe. He simply puts i dynamite cartridge to the lock and blow it to pieces. And as we make further pro gross in science the intelligent thief ma; be expected to annex ingenious ideas fo possessing himself of other people's pro perty. Probably, if hypnotism is th force it is claimed to be, the criminal ha long ere this converted it to the accom plishment of his nefarious ends. Severs cayenne pepper outrages have already bee committed, the latest only on last Saturda evening. And as for burglaries by dyn« mite,* scores of these have occurred recentl in Melbourne and Sydney.. The increase power which it places in the hands of tb robber and the murderer. is one of th aspects of the advance of science whic we would be inclined to overlook but f< the unpleasant reminders furnished by tb criminals themselves. - * A little ? while ago, after a severe an bloody struggle with the Dahomey ans, tl French commander complained to h Government that the Africans' fire ha been directed by Germans. Evidently 1 received instructions as to the manner < dealing with these people if they fell in1 his hands ; for having captured thr< Germans and one Belgian, who wei leading the Dahomeyans, the French forc< promptly shot them. They have ali seized a British steamer which was carr; ing arms to the natives, and confiscate vessel and cargo. This summary procee« ing shows that France is determined maintain her national prestige " as in tl days of old." Of course, a British steam had no right to assist the Dahomeyai with arms a gainst afriendly power, and tl British Government will take no notice the matter. But Germany may fe inclined to make an international matt out of the shooting of three of the Ei peror's subjects. The French troops we perfectly justified in shooting their fo< but then, the bad blood between the t\ powers must be taken into account. The three men are the first Germans tb French soldiers have had the pleasure shooting since Paris fell, and one c conceive how the French firing par enjoyed its work. Also, one can iniagi how, reading in Germany of the executu the Germans must long to be at the throt of their historic foes. . * That indispensable personage, the old« inhabitant, is asking what has come to c weather. system. Here we are in t middle of November and we have not j had half a dozen really hot days. On 1 contrary, last Saturday and Sunday w< quite cold and bleak enough for Ju People of adipose habits are rejoicing this unusual clemency in the weather, 1 it is too good to last. Probably bef many weeks have passed we will weltering in the typical Sydney summer day. If last week's weather persisted through the summer most of the squash and ice cream shops would, be insolvent. The clerk of the weather should al least consider these unfortunate people and refrain from turning our seasons topsy turvy. » * * And while upon this subject we may remark that the seoner Mr. Lyne gets his '. Water Conservation Bill through the Housé and into working order the better it will be for the country. Last week's rain was widespread. At Tamworth there was a flood, and something pretty like one oc- curred at various towns along the Murray and Darling. The banks of the latter river-the mysterious Darling of geo grapers-has overflowed its banks, and now to look at it no stranger could con- ceive what a poor, withered stream it will appear in the heart of the fast coming summer. . All the millions of gallons ol good water which spread out upon the banks and the country back of them will be licked up by a few days of the torrid back-block sun. Then we will have tbc old cry of ** water " from the west. It i* a sin against Nature to allow this bounti- ful, supply of water to bè wasted yea] after year instead of fulfilling its pro pe: mission of enriching the ground and passing into golden grain, and lusciou fruit, and vegetables. Our posterity a any rate will be wiser, as our ancestor were. The Chinese, the Egyptians, th Indians, and other ancients of th earth were irrigationists thousands of year before our time. Their works remain to day as an object lesson for Australia. * # * Apropos of the Chicago Exhibition, an< the many sinecures attaching to th preparation in Chicago for the same, th ** Women's Work " Department might b specially commended to some of th business-like gentlemen who ai interested in saving the non-profiting tas payer unnecessary expense. The show j being run exclusively by a small clique c Sydney women, arid though we do not f< one moment imply that their motives ai not of the highest, the fact remains tba so far, we have had much cry and vei little wool. The secretary (why " honorary we fail to understand, since she draws nice little salary in payment for her worl doubtless considers that the ladies < Chicago will be much interested to see th Australian women can use their needli deftly, that they can paint pretty flowe pictures, take photographs, and do ooh dainty, lady-like work. But surely tl Americans never doubted this ! naturally and pertinently suggests itse that it is hardly to be expected that Ne South Wales will open up much of a trai with America or any other country in ant macassors or tea coseys. # * * But perhaps the neatest performance this small section of busy women is tl preparation of a photograph to be sent Chicago, not only to show the skill of real lady photographer, but to i m m or tali the features of our Great Women. Tl pictures are nicé-very nice-no doul but we should like very much to know t' principle of selection on which they ha been so ' gracefully grouped. Is it a si vi val of the fittest ? If so, what h happened to the rest of the Sydney wome We miss many faces that would equal well, perhaps better, represent the lëad< of women's work, the supporters woman's cause. Where is Mrs. Laws( the pioneer of womanhood suffrage, t only woman editor and publisher Australia? Where is Mrs. Gent, who I labored among the back streets of Sydn for more than 20 years ; or Mrs. Ellis, the Boys' Brigade; or Miss'Levy, of t Band of Mercy ? Echo answers " Where -+- ? HERMES about two years ago was a ere to the undergraduates ; now, to put mildly, it is not. This is due, in a la: extent, to the way in which the magaz is managed. lt was formerly under/ control of the Undergraduates' Associati but now that body has handed it over two persons called its editors, who must turn hand over to the Association per cent, of the profits and pocket rest. The idea that such a specin of literature should ever yield a surp is as admirable as the ambition the Senate to establish a scholarship arts out of the receipts of its agriculti department. . 