Our Great Grandmother's Wedding Dress. (Argosy.) By Ada M. Trotter. 'I don't see what is to be done, indeed I don't,' said Bessie, surveying the wrecks of our united wardrobes. 'Everything has been turned and re-turned, and is too shabby for farther manipulation. We must tell Hugh it mast .be given up.' Lady Betty looked relieved, but the rest of us, who were of a mundane turn of mind, saw what she did not : that to give np this point was to pnt off the day of better things indefinitely. We were four sisters dependent for daily bread on Hngh, our best of brothers. Bessie was our eldest, and Lady Betty came next to me. I am the ugly duckling of the family, all eyes and ears, and I love my Betty as though I were her dog. We always call her Lady Betty, because she is so dainty in her ways. She can't think of common things ; her 'thoughts fly away to all kinds of lovely dreams ; while if the rest of ub are liks me, they think often of what is for dianer, and whether, in fact, there will be enough for more than one dianer on the joint ; and they would like new clothes and everything of the best. Lady Betty does not seem to know, or 'care. Hugh is choir-master and organist of the Cathedral, and he wants to get pupils bnt he is very shy ; perhaps he is proud. People don't care to patronize him : and inferior teacbere make a good living while he stands tiangbtily Moot And now when this great chance is come to him, jast for want of a suitable dress it must be eet aside. For, one of the reasons that onr Betty is so different from me is because she has the genios of song, and Hngh has trained her to sing exquisitely. The Squire of the parish is a very strange man. I: wish yon' specially to note this. He lies in a big, gloomy mansion, all alone with his family ghosts and their portraits. But it is said that he means to torn over a new leaf, and has sent for Major St Joho, a far-away nephew and intends to make him his heir, and is going to give a series of entertainments to the county families of the neighbourhood He has sent a request to Hngh to get np a good concert for Christmas Eve, and of coarse if Lady Betty sings it is sure to be a saccess ; and perhaps Hagh would get more work ; and then some of as coald think of other things besides the grinding dull lives of making mnch out of nothing ; but— we could never be like Betty. It was hard to tell Hugh, bnt Bessie managed it very well. He was more dissappointed than we expected, and looked keenly at Batty, who was stand ing in the sunlight, trilling to the cauary, warblingjast like a bird. ' Girls,' he said, ' let her go in that cotton gown. No one will care what she has on when once she begins toeing.' Just then I had an idea, and I'm afraid I trod on Hugh's toes in my hurry. There was jast one beaatifal gown in oar possession, though, perhaps, it was at least a hundred and fifty years old, if it was a minute. ' Bessie,' I shrieked, ' the great grand mother's wedding dress!' It was an inspiration. No one replied. Hngh looked as if he thought we were all mad, but ont kindly Bess said, in her genial way, It's all right, Hugh ; Lady Betty shall go.' He went away rather bewildered, and began to makeont hie concert programme, and we three left onr clever ones to gether and ran np to the garret The gown was the only piece of pro perty in oar possession. It had been my mother's, bat how it came to her we did not know, for oar parents would not tell us anything of her ancestry. All we know w&b; that onr father had been a public singer that he had a fine tenor voice, which failed him when he was still yoang, said that he died heartbroken. All we knew of onr mother was that she looked jnst like out Betty, and had faded oat of life -when my father's love no longer shielded her from pain. We valued the old gown for her sake, and because it seemed to tell as that oar for bears had been gentle-folk, who, perhapB, had known freedom from soul economies and cares. We sat on the floor of the garret with the dress and its accompaniments of soft lace spread out amongst ub. Bessie pronoanced judgment on each part, as she looked at it between the slanting lights. : ' The shoes are too big but they are very pretty — red and gold. Dot, here, can staff the foes With .tissue paper. This blue, quilted skirt needs darning. I will see to that. The ruby mid- gold over-dress, however, is 'perfect Oh, dear, the lace'is all to pieces, hat we mast mend it np as tmst we can. Well, that's settled. Come Along, girls, and let as set to work.- -There is no time to lose.1. f When wis got flownstairs - we fonnd that for once onr Betty had taken an obstinate turn. Go to the Park without' her dear old Dot (myself) she wonld not. She could not ring If I were not there. That is how it was that I thought - of writing the story. X was in it from -first to lash' and I followed at Betty's heels like 'a faithful shadow. ; The grand evemng amved, and we all took a ehare in dressing our little lady ; we were very anxious about the effect of the old go wn, but. we oeecl not have been, for sorely . nothing could have looked so pretty as this sheeny rnby and gold. Now, Dot, on with your dress,' cried Bessie, taming to me, her eyes shining with triumph, as Lady Betty stood with her music in her hand waiting for me. I wore Bessie's best black silk, specially done np for the occasion. It was worn and shabby, bnt no matfor — it fitted very well, aod no one woald look at me. . Hugh had asked for a special sitting-room for as. He was proud, as I said before, and he did not wish ns to mix with the rest of the performers ; nor with the gnests, as we coald not be on an eqnality with them. It wsb foolish pride, no doubt. I am afraid I did not : like his carefulness. I wanted to see something of the world now I was launched upon it, eo after we had arrived and settled down I looked impatiently round the room. Lady Betty was absorbed in the flowers. There were some fine pots of heather on the jardiniere : 6he did not notice me when I slipped the bolt of the glass door aside and wandered into a conservatory. I heard voices at a distance; and, keep ing well behind the huge palms, I advanced until I was within a few yards of the speakers. To my surprise I saw Hugh, and barring his way was an old gentleman so strikingly like him, that he might have been his doable. ' Pray who are yon, sir?' thundered the old man. Hngh introduced himself as as well as he could, and make known his mission. 'Hngh Sinclair !' The old man's brow cleared at once — he made a cordial apology. " Forgive an old man, sir. I thought £ recognised yonr face, and mis took yon for some one else. I beg to thank yon for the trouble yon are taking to help in the saccess of the evening.' It' was the Squire. We had .not. . seen him before, for onr coming to thiB cathedral town was recent,and he seldom or never came to church. I very mach approve of your pro gramme, sir,' he continaed. 'The soags are English ; I hate your German and French : the tendency is a bad one, to pnt aside onr own fair tongas aud our own sweet tunes. I particularly like these old friends, 'Bid me discourse,' 'Where the Bee sacks,' and so on. Bnt whom have yoa here to siag them ? Hagh explained that hie sister had a fine voice, which he had taken pains to cnltivate. Bat she is only a child,' he said tenderly. ' About seventeen, eb, Dot f The Sqnire tnrned and looked at me, and the frown came back to his brow. 'Very strange,' he mattered. 'Her face also is quite familiar to me. .What does it mesa ?' . ' Oh, I am like anybody land every body,' I admitted, clumsily enough ; ' bat when yon Bee Betty, I am sore yon will say yon never saw anyone like her in your life before.' ' Betty sings,' suggested Hngh, as the , frowning Sqnire looked saspicionsly at my dark face. Then Hngh bowed and passed od, and the Sqnire catechised me as to onr family in a very pertinent or impertinent manner. But before I had given him mach information I heard Betty calling, and ran back through the conservatory with only time for a short farewell to the Sqnire. ' Fve seen the Squire, and - he's the very counterpart of Hngh in everything except age, only not sokmdinhis manner,' I said, breathlessly. 'I never saw each a likeness.' Hngh came rnshingin at this moment to reprimand me for leaving the room. ' Let me tell yon, Dot, yon ought to he ashamed of yourself. I am ashamed of yon,' he said severely. ' This room is specially given np to yon, andyoa've no business to go wandering about.' If it had cot been for Betty's hind look at me I const have wept." ' Do let Dot eojoy herself Id her own way,' she begged. 'The Sqnire can't eat her, at aoy rate.' Hngh was very nervoas about this concert, and I could see that his rock of strength was Betty. If she grew nervoas, too, and idled, his prospects wonld be worse than ever ; for everybody of note for miles ronhd was here to-night. His keen eye searched her face. Betty looked np with her sweet child eyes, very dreamy here within hearing of the plath of the fountain, and with the wealth of flowers on which to foast her beauty- i loving souL ! Are you— are you — well, Betty! stammered Hugh. He did notwant to make her think he feared she would be nervous. Betty laughed. She was always well. Then Hugh went into the next room, and I followed as near as I dared. The door was now open into the conservatory and people passed and re- -passed. : I did not £now St John was a musical man,' said a passer by. 'Nor is he. . I met him on the heath an hour ago : pe said he was going to shirk the first part of the concert' 'But I tell you that I saw him a moment ago in the gallery directing the men where to pnt the piano.' : ' Then he mast have returned in a prodigious huny. But come, let ' us go backhand see who is right about It' ' Presently they came past the door again. ' He's jnst bluffing ns,' said one. " As if. I don't know iny own 'eyes. I have 'not sat opposite to St. John at rmess for two years without knowing what he's tike, v- -And fre'e the image of the old Sqnire .into the bargain.' . fiughcameinsbon afterthis, froirping in his most distant . manner. 'There are some lunatics here;' he said \ who declare they know me. I had the greatest trouble to keep them from dragging me off to the billiard-room ; and yon knnw I never played a game of pool in my life. One of them declares I owe him hie revenge. They mast mean it for a practical joke, hot it is very ill- timed.' He went offj and presently we beard him at the piano. He opened the concert with a fine piece of his own composition. Some part songs followed, which gave satisfaction ; and then Hugh came hurriedly for Betty, and told me I might find a. hidiag-piace amongst the palms in the conservatory if I choose. As soon as they were gone I glided amongst the palms, until 1 found a spot whence I could watch Betty ; that was all I cared for. To my surprise, however, Hugh came in at a door the other side of the conservatory. ' Hngh, do yon want me I' I asked softly. He took no notice whatever of me, for his eyes were fixed npon the stage, where Betty was standing waitiog for the accompanist As he drew near I saw it was not my poor, over-aoxioas brother, but a man of fashion and leisure who knew what it was to be very mnch bored in life. Bat I forgot aboat him in a moment; for Hngh took his seat at the piano, and played a short prelude, to give Betty time to collect her strength in case she felt very nervous. And there was my lovely Betty, standing in her usual Bimple, graceful way beside him, with her music rolled ap ia one band, for she never needed to look at her notes. That was one of the charms of her singing — it seemed eo spontaneous. As she stood waiting to begin, there was a stir throughout the andieoce; people simply stared with wonder at this delicate vision, radiant with loveliness. Betty's solt riogs of com-colnnred hair curled til over her head, her cheeks were rosy with health, and I read in her eyes that she saw nothing of the brilliant assemblage ; her thoughts were far away in the song world, where, she declared to me, she coald hear divine, long-drawn chords, and a choir of singers with voices true as silver bells. Ob, Betty,' I cried to myself, ' wake np and do your beat, my Betty and as thongh my thought compelled her glance, her eyes met mine; and she woke. Then she sang; bnt who shall describe the clear bell-notes that thrilled and rang through the room ? The andience became distracted, and when the last sweet note died away, they applauded Betty to the echo and wonld not be satisfied. I shall never cease to see her standing there in the rich old gown of crimson and gold and blue. She only wanted the trum pet to be seraphic as one of the Fra Angelica's angels, floating on billowy clouda Then Hugh played a slight prelnde, and she sang her " bird song," trilling in the upper register with the facility many a great singer might have envied. After this, people were crazier than ever, and made snch a noise that I heard a growl beride me. The man so like Hagh was standing, white and stern, jnst as Hugh was apt to look when indignant. 'Poor little girl, they will frighten ber,' he said, and moved swiftly away to the concert-room. He spoke to some of the crazier ones in a very decided manner, and silence ensued, and the next moment he came back to the conservatory with oar Betty following him, bathed in tears. Some of the andience crowded round her and frightened the poor silly child. And no sooner were they well ont of sight of the room than Betty clang to him with both arms, and laid her soft, curly bead against his sbonlder. She had never once looked np at him. ' Ob, Hugh ; dear Hngh, have I - not done enopgh ? Mast I go back and sing to those dreadful people again ? Please say I need not, Hngh. Indeed, yon don't know how it hnrts me, Hngh, throngh and throngh.' By this time I had taken Betty from the stranger, and I daresay I looked horribly disagreeable, bnt before I coold speak be made a sign that I should not tell Betty of the mistake she had made, aud he stood aside to let onr own Hugh come np; ' Need I sing again, Hugh,' said Betty, aud thereat Haghjoofcing down tenderly at her, said -fiercely; ' If I haB known they would have be haved like that, my little Betty, . yon should. never have entered these -doors. It is too bad of them, thongh they tnean it for kindness. The trnth is; yonr singing has taken them ont of themselves. Bqt yon have sang enoagh, and shall go home, if yon like. I can't come with yon, but, Dot,- yon can take her home,' can't yon !' , 'Allow me the privilege of taking care of these ladies,' said Hugh's doable, stepping forward. - 'His. only fair, for this concert is given iii my hononr. My uncle — — ' Then yon ate Mijor St. John ?' said Hngh, questioDingly. ' Yes; and yon are 'Hngh Sinclair, a fine composer' and trne musician, I hear. Rely . on me. to take the greatest care of yonr song bird, here.' ' And with thiB Hngh left us, and : we were ledaway into a cool part of the, gallery, close to the flowers and fountains, and .refreshments were brought to ns. ' When Betty was leas -agitated she looked curiously at the Major, who was so like yet so unlike our Hugh, He, in his turn, seemed intensely interested in u, or rather, I should say; in Betty. --- i I want to knbw whereyou found this beaatifal gown,' said heyasher rnby gown, open ip front, fell back over : the hlueqnQted trader-shirt- ' In the garret,' said Betty simply. ' It belonged to my mother, and is onr great grandmother's wedding-dress. ' ' Yoa do not know what this ancient dame's name might have been!' he sug gested. 'No, I don't know anything more about the gown,' said Betty. ' Once npou ft time,' said he, ' I beard of a merry yoang girl, who finding an old dress in the garret, precisely like this, dressed herself in it for a fancy ball, and looked so lovely in each quaint attire that her dotine father had her picture painted as she looked that night. . Will yon come with me — I will show it yon.' We followed him across the corridor to a long gallery, and there, sure enough, my Betty, with her corn -coloured curls, wsb smiling at as from the walls, and . the rnby, gold and bine setting was , identically the same. ' What is the meaning of this mas querading V said an irate voice beside na We tnrned and 8a w the Sqnire, livid with emotion ; I thought anger. Betty looked at bim,and a smile came into her eyes of Irresistible loveliness. 'Yon are jnst like Hogb,' said she eagerly. He did not reply. He simply stood and glared at ns. ' I have already solved the pnzzle,' eaid the Major very quietly : ' as, he added, more slowly, ' no doubt yon have done also. Yon cannot look at that yoang man's face withont seeing what ia patent to the least observant in the room — he is your living image. Yon cannot glance from the pictured loveliness on the wall to the fare below withont seeing that a lineal descendant standB there. Ab to the dress — if farther proof was needed ' Bat as he spoke the Sqnire seemed to ponnre npon oar little Betty. In a moment he had her nnder the lights and was holding her fare, looking searcbingly into her eyes. His own eyes glared so fiercely that I could have screamed with terror; onr gentle Betty, however, trnsted everyone, or read them as a child wonld. She looked in the old man's face and smiled. ' Oh,' ehe said again. ' Yon are jnst like Hngh. I never saw snch a likeness. 'What is her name f he said, in a kind of strangled voice, turning to me. ' Elizabeth,' 1 gasped ; bnt we call her Lady Betty. She has onr mother's name because she is jnst like her.' No one spoke after this. The old man breathed almost in sobs, end the Major signed to me neither to move nor speak. Bnt I trembled for Betty ; she was used to comforting ns all, even Hugh in his darkest moods ; she seemed to divine onr needs, and she could not bear- to see anyone snffer withont giving her utmost of consolation. To her simple, tree mind, only one thing at a time presented itself. So now she bent her head, and laid her cheek against the hand that held her so fiercely. The tonch was the gentlest caress ; and the next moment, the old man was holding onr Betty close in his arms, a rain of tears falling on her soft rings of carls. The Major had drawn me away to the other end of the gallery, and here we sat down and stared at one another. 1 felt very mnch inclined to cry myself, and had a short Btrnggle which ended in an undignified choke. Hngh told me to take her home,' I said, a little crossly. ' She ooght not to stay any longer.' And the Major, looking straight at me, said : 'Utile girl, yon are at home. The picture on the wall is that of ' yonr mother, dressed for a fancy hall in the old ancestral gown. She made a run away match with a singer, and yonr grandfather's heart was broken at her loss. She was a prond as he, and wonld never make an effort to conciliate him. She even kept him ignorant of the fact that she had any children. Her husband, £ imagine, changed his name to Sinclar, since yon are called thns,so all traces of them were lost Failing other heirs, I was to inherit the estate here, bnt with yonr Hngh, as yon call him, present, I am a nobody, only yonr very far away, constn, Major St John, and yonr very faithful Mend. I shall retire very willingly, for, with my own large estates to manage, I did not want any more npon my hands.' . With three words Tie rose, and we went hack to the sofa and where my Betty was sitting, right under the picture of onr mother. The old Squire was hanging over her, unable to keep his eyre from constantly comparing the living with the, pictured face. ' Well, sir,', eaid the Major cheerily ; 'yon must not make iovidiouB dis tinctions ; here is another claimant on yonr affections ; a good, trne, little soul, to whom I am sure you will give a corner of your heart' Oh, lam only Dot,' I said hurriedly, tearing again tnat scowl or disiiKe l oaa watched gather onhiB brow. .Igot out of sight, dnmsily enough, bnt the Msjor drew me forward. ' She is like her father, yon think ? Dear Uncle; now on Christmas Eve, with the 'Qfad tidings of great joy ring in your ears, ought you not to for give and forget? The Major's eyes dwelt meaningly on our lovely Betty, end I knew he meant that a gift snch as that ought to fill the old Sqoire's heart to overflowing. I was so pleased that I suppose I smiled as my grandfather looked at me. ' 'Shelias a lookof her mqther when she mnOre,' eaid he, and he held out his hsnd cordialiy. -From that moment my grandfather and I have been- the best of f tiends. ' ;; - But Betty and I were left alone jn the gallery, while the Major and our newly -found grandfather walked arm-in- arm, np and down the outrider beyond. I heard the Major's strong tones again and again. ' Tt must be, dear nncle, and at once.' The Sqnire seemed mnch grieved, and threw his arm abont the youog man's shoulders. ' Yon can't leave me the estate now,' said the Major again ; ' Hugh Sinclair has afar greater claim upon" itr " Bnt there ia one more precious jewel that now belongs to yon, which 1 most gain yonr ccmaent to win. I believe in love at first sight, and from the first moment my eyes fell upon her I felt that I had met my fate.' And the glance of both tested on onr Betty, who had wandered back to the farther end of the gallery, standing dreaming amidst the flowera. What a lovely picture she made there, in her quaint, rich gown, with the old lace falling over her whits arms, and her yellow carls against the background of palms. She is only a child as yet,' said the Sqnire jealously. And the Major laughed as they entered the gallery. 'Gome,' he said to me. 'We are going to make a sensation.' Hngh was playing a fine piece when we c»me into the concert-room. Our grandfather, leading Lady Betty, calmly aecended the stage, the Major followed with me. Hugh looked np wrathfally. He was very much displeased to see as broaght back tn public view again. He made one . crashing discord and then rose hastily. ' Dot, I told yon to go home,' said he severely. Bnt ere I coald speak the Sqnire had taken him by the arm, and wsb speak ing to him. Then he drew him unwill ingly to the front of the stage, and in a few words explained to the assembled company that we were without donbt his grandchildren, restored to him wonderfully and unexpectedly, and that if this were satisfactorily proved, Hugh would become his hrir. Of coarse we were surrounded in a moment, and I think the ladies wonld have Bmothered Betty had not my grandfather stood between her and the many determined to seize and kiss her. Little notice was taken of me, which of coarse gave me time to see what others were doing. The Major bad Hngh by the arm, and Hngh, haughty as nsnal, did not make himself half so agreeable &b; he might have done ; but tben he was very much bewildered at the sadden change in his position, and proud — well, I am snre, if he .had .not thought more of ns than of himself, he wonld never have taken a penny from the estate. When people moved away, I heard the Major say softly to Hugh ; 'Be good to the old man, cousin Hngh. He has had many a lonely year with his broken heart.' The two men took a long look into one another's eyes, and then their hands met in a handclasp which promised friendship noto death. Hugh and onr grandfather took wonderfully to one another, and the Major watched their growing interest with keen delight. But — well, I mast sav it. for evervnne knows it is the troth — nothing, and no one in the world will ever be to grandfather what Lady Betty is. The Major had thought of the others, too, and presently he went away and came back with onr two eldest, Bessie and Letty. But what was said then I do not know, for we were sent to bed, and slept to a large room where, 1 am sure, a thousand ghosts might have wandered. For the Sqnire wonld not hear of onr going away again that night, but insisted npon our remaining, as if he feared that if he let us go he might lose ns again for ever. Bnt when I said to Betty that the place might be haunted, she only laughed, and danced abont on . the old oak floor, her rnby dress flashed here and there' aglow in the fitfnl flames. 'After all, we owe everything,', said she, ' to the Great Grandmother's Wedding Dress.' 