The Heunlon oí Christendom. Important Letter from the líate Cardinal Manning. IN a recent issue of the' Sevieto of tho Churches there is an excellent portrait of the late Cardinal Manning, together with a letter from him to the editor forming part of the ' Bound Table Conference ' on tho ' Reunion of Christendom.' . The letter, which is probably the last contribution from the late Cardinal's pen which has been pub; listed, is as follows :-. 'My dear Mr. Lunn.-I will not again refuse to send you a few words,'but it is difficult for me to do more than lißten to the voices which aro reviewing ' the^Churches.' In May, 1848, I saw and spoke for the first time with Pius IX. Ho questioned mo at length, about the Christianity of '.England; and about the multiplicity of good and charitable works done by Anglicans and Dissenters, ending with tho Quakers and the great prison reformation of Mrs. Fry. He then leaned back in his chair, and said, as if to himself, ' Tho English do a multi- tude of good works ; and when men do good works God alwayB pours out His grnco. My poor prayers are offered day by day for England.' Since that time every year has multiplied all kind of good works in Eng- land. There can be no doubt that an especial power of the Holy Ghost has breathed and is still breathing over our people. I gladly repeat the words of Pius IX., for I rejoice over the good works which cover tho face of our country. My daily prayer is for Eng- land, and so far as it has been in my power I have shared your good works, and united with your'peaceful aud beneficent aims. In the words, which open your first numbar, I heartily agree. You say, ' The tendency of religion in our day is towards union.' There has grown up in the last 50 yearB a vivid sense of instinct that division is evil, and tho source of evils. Tho desire and prayers for tho reunion of Christendom have created movements and organisations both in the Anglican and tho dissenting bodies, and your. Review of the. Churches is its lateBt and most, jesolute. manifestation. 'When 1 hold back from writing as one of your contributors it was not from any slackness in desiring that all our hearts may bo drawn into unity, but from unwillingness to strike a note out of harmony with you. You have many ways of Booking union. We have but one. Union in good works has indeed- a constraining moral influence in bringing the most remoto men together, and charity is à way to truth. ' If any man shall do his will, he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God.' This is a safe course for those who are divided from each other. Controversy repels, but charity unites. Your . present action cannot fail to bring many minds into closer union of goodwill. . "But this is neither our need nor our method. . TJniori is not unity.And unity is not the. creation of. human wills, but of tho divine: It does not spring up from the earth; it descends from heaven. Sir Cyprian truly describes it as tho raiment of our Lord, " without seam, woven from the top through- out by'heavenly sacraments.' . It is truth that generates unity, and it can be recovered only by the same'principle and from the same source from which it descended in.tho beginning. " Mr. Price Hughes has quoted, he says with surprise, some words of mine from a book on'the 'Internal Mission on the Holy. Ghost.',! There was no need for surprise; for these words aro only tho Catholic doc- trine of tho universality of Grace. And they presuppose tho doctrine of ' the visible Church, which has not only a visible body, but also an invisible soul. The soul of the Church is as old as Abel, and as wide as the race of mankind. It embraces every soul of man who has lived, or at least has died, in union with God by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. Nearly 30 years ago I published all this in answer to my friend, the late Dr. Pusey, in a letter on 1 The Workings of the Spirit in the Church of England.' This letter has been lately reprinted by Messrs. Burns and Oats. Thus far then I can lay a basis on which to write and to hopo with all your contributors. We believe that the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers into union with God, and to eternal life, all those who faithfully co- operate with His light and grace. None aro responsible for dying inculpably out of the visible body bf the Church. They only aro culpable who knowingly and willingly reject its divine voice when sufficiently known to them. But I must not go on, for you are seeking union in agreements, and I have no will to strike a discordant note. You say truly, ' The controversies to which most bf our Churches owe their rise have lost much of their interest for us; some of them are hardly intelligible.'."? . 