SYDNEY HUNT CLUB. The hounds met at Parramatta railway station on Saturday at 2.30 p.m. Tho weather was showery and the ground very heavy, hut over 30 followers were out, among whom were : — The master (Mr. W. Codo) on Waverley, Dr. Garrett on Johnny III. Messrs. J. II. Galbr&ith; on Bantam, H Francis on Peter , Simple, R. W. Lcnehan on Tudor, M. Ford on Wrangler, B. Cortis on llelios, Eric Terry on Zoe, D. II. Buckneli j ou Peer, Juliuni on Satan, II. W. Rogers on I Tory, W. Williamson on Tommy Ryan, E. Braildy on Peter Jackson, J. AFCrow on The j Ghost, W. Lamb on Dorothy, W. Hayes ou | My Lord, O. J. Lamb on tichnappor, W. i Grew on Major, Afontgomery on Redieap II., | Cox on Lieutenant, Triton on Aleangra, I Boyle on Emperor, Master Len Harrison i ou Piecrust, Lecky (the huntsman) on | Woodbine, and Fitzgerald and Gordon (the whips) on .Snake and Texas Jack respce- I lively. Air. W. Williamson and Gordon ! took., the drag away from Wcntworthville ! railway station across country in the t direction of Prospect, to where a wallaby ; had been turned down. A number of cheeks | were made in this run for the purpose of breaking in the young hounds, but eventually Prospect was reached and the wallaby run | down. A short stay was then inade to par- ! take of Mr. Uoache's hospitality, und then the return drag was laid by Mr. W. William son and Gordon across country, finishing at Fullagers. This run was enjoyed by all present. The first mile and a half was very fust, and gave the horsemen as much as they could do to keep witii the hounds. There were some big fences to negotiate, but with a few exceptions only they were safely dis posed of, and the double at Fullager's was jumped in good style by all. Tho -hounds meet again next .Saturday at Rydu at 2.30 p.m., when .Jordan's Hotel will be the tryst- ing place. It is intended during the week to arrange runs to take place at Kogarah and Woodstock, as the committee have kindly been invited to take the hounds up to those places. 