DRESS OF THE DAT. A now model for an craning cloak (a writer on i Drew for tho Now Year," la too Standard, enTa) 11 of rich groy and black brocaded satin, with n Inrgo ?vido eolJar, with boa, and front of black Tlubot . lnmb or astrachan, tho softer, looser wool hanng tho ucst appoaranco. tiiiis cloak is fur-ltned, and rcochos do?m to tho foot, covering tbo gown. A shorter half- longth opera cloak, of whito brocadod relvot, lined with golaen'brown satin, lias tho upright collar/and fronts of tlio now Visor fur, which inuch resembles marten- tail, and la becoming very foshionablo for trimming purposes, for which its onwero very well. ; A colbretto of whilo ffibibot lamb fur makes a charming additiou to ovoning dress, and will bo found costly worm nnd comfortablo. A mixture of colours forms tbo most striking features in tbo lalost Parisian crcationa in millinery. .Hither tho llowcra aro of difTarent colours, or. tho rosottcs of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in ono model, poach colour, vert d'eau, and rose do Chiuc aro tbo colours used for tho narrow satin ribbon roeetlos; in another, blue, pink, nnd grey. . Feather crowns, lined, of course, aro another featuro ; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, mid tho raised brim lined with tlio velvet drawn in full pleats, tbo tips of tlio feathers foiling uvor nnd forming an edging to tho brim" over Llm forehead. Another - bonnet Is 11 sorb of bccf-cntcr slmpud mass -in dark bluo velvet, with pulo pink nnd j gtftyish green rosultcs of frayed out silk, tho strings | . being of tbo velvet. A white lorry voh et bonnet, witli white ostrich feather crown, was charming, Iu this, the velvet was full inside the front uf tho brim, and a I diamond buUertly sot ndornod tlio folds to tlio loft | sldo. A striped wlrito velvet bonnet w n studded orcr j on tho left side with »)»arklitig jot "Imtlcrllies, tho ; wide rilk strings, cut on tho cross, fastened by Iho ; snrao ornamouts. Iilack sarin hats, in ijuito a now ; shape, aro fashiotiAble. They have brims lifted on I ono side, and nro "simply trimmed with either black 1 or coloured ostrich feathers on tho crown. j Ono of the eroartcoi, nnd, nt tbo aauio time, cosiest, j of driving coats is made of lino sealskin, and has a : deep roll collar, which can cither bo turned up to ' Srotcct tho back of tho puck and cars, or turned own, showing tho eenrf. Tliis coat is cut double ; breasted, fastening with largo tortoise-shell buttons, ' with loose, straight back, and long, straight slcoves, , sot in ratlior liighand full on tho shoulders. Its loose fit makes It very, comfortablo to drlro in, and yot does not interfere 'with its stylo.' For n wrap worn : .over tiro habit when dritiug to cover it is most ! convenient. Tho samo shapo in a soft, thick, rotigli : fawn cloth, with vol! collar of b cover liuud with j squirrel or vomo warui material, is, of course, less i expensive, and answers tlio samo purpose ; tho buttons ' . for this would bo either of bono matching tbo cloth, or pearl. .'Ihcso aro only threo-quartor length coats. COHF0HTABL6 EVENING COLLABETTE.' ' 8TYUBU ASTUACIiAN JACKET. ; ' High collars' and shoulders . maintain tholr . popularity, and fur jackets and clanks aro lundo much in this fashion. /\Vu preont a sketch from u Fcgont- etrcet shop window , of a scnsonablo -and warm astrachan threo-quar Lor jaokot. . v Bodices for twcod gowns aro ( Wcldon' LatlicJ Journal says) comparatively plain in make, somo times ticut-iitting in Newmarket form, somolimes with a deep tabbed basque, whilo thoso opening to show a waist; of auotbor nmtorial are oxtroinoly smart. For homo gowns greater scope is allovvcd, end these bodices nro'in inaDycasosof tho1 coreolet mako, with (be upper pari full. Whoro two materials aro oinployea,- or wlioro tbo. material is tq bo trimmed with passementerie, velvqt, or fur,' tho corselet bodicois in high favour Aiuoug tho protty belts shown this season is the Swiss shapo in velvet,, beaded and jewelled most elaborately, and finishod . with a deop bonded fringe. - Tho long Newmarket jacket 'is very serviceable in cold weather; ono of tbo newest models is ip. tweed in brown -and bluo check, the bluo being very faint, . This is linoa with a soft woolly material, Itie loose in tho hack, fitting in very slightly to the Wist, with ono ploqt and buttons on tho back scams. Tho collar is a deop roll, tho sleeves inado with deep' cuffs. ' A so ft hot of tho enmo material, with' wing feathers, looks well worn with it. Women take part in the discussions of Wisconsin' formers' clubs. Tub editor of tho Port Plain Register has his offlco and register connected by telephone. 'Ycstordoy Mr, Skidd, of. Little Falls, an old friend, called onitho editor and expectod to ronialn for dinner, >Tho editor uurricd to tho tolophono and shouted lochia wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinnor, lay nn oxtro plate." "Now," sai«f tbo editor, "Mr. Skidd, you moy converse with hor," As tho gentleman wan' about to approach tbo instrument llicso >vords wera: ulotnly heard : "Yoii tell Mr. Skidd" wo" don't e®P © hotel on wash-day," Mr, Skidd'cxousod him- ' kolf for a few momonts, and ?tob nftxt seen eating tri cam8'1.tho Rainbow Suloon on tho corner. _ Tun following verdict ivns given, in writing by tlio foreman of a coroner's jury in Nobraska : " \Vo aro of A Pinjon that the Decest mot with hir death' from yiolantTnOrmalipn in tho Arm nrdu&fc; from sum Nnonn Oaupo," . . Tub speaker is a toll, parchracnt-facod woman carryroguuiay bundles, and accompaniod by u poodlo dog and a little man, who looks uuliappy enough to be hor husband. She appoars nt tho door of a smok ing carrioga, " Quito full, madam," eaiya ouo of tbo occupants. " No, sir, tboro is room for one, and I and my husbapd will sit ih.lt." ; , Bho' sniffs, and exclaims, fiorcely, " James, it is a smoking carrineo.,':"YcB, my ove, replies tho husband, humbly. "I won't goin there. ' " Madam,". says the solonm gentleman, rising m his seat, ".ono moment ; wo will oxprcM our regrets ; | my brothers, throe cheers, subduod cheers, please, so / I os not to shook tho lady's nerves," . Tboy cheered, aod shoslauinied tho door. ; Siriscr Cox inado rather, a good point on Judgo Aojlpy, qf Foimoylvaniq/whon ho called him tho "per turbed ghost of pig-iron"- Judgo Kolicy reoolvedtho "it with a pig-ironical snjllo, Tbknyson declines im offcf of COOO dols, from an enterprising American for a poom ia which a tragedy 8 ported by "Rixx'e Bitters." Wo despleo a man wholFfool away, such a clianco of catbing monoy. Rend Rixx to us,--F<»a/fl;i'2''ancr. : 