WIT AND HUMOUR. A "heartllcs" dreptiaen is a bar of imitation Magle Soap which ruins your clothes, but A "heart" "lesu"'deception is stamped on every bar of Genuines Jagie, which actually improves the linen, besides doing your washing in 20 minutes without rubbing.--[AnvT. MAnaGuEs is often mirage. GlaTL violinists are becoming numerous. Girls are always after beaux of one sort or another. STRAN?En (brightly) : "Fine day I" Chronic Grumbler: "Ye-es-locally. Probably raining somewhere." "I riAva such an indulgent husband," said little Mrs. Doll. "Yes, so George says,'' re. sponded Mrs. Spiteful. "Sometimes Indulges too much, doesn't he Y" Tite most careful man in the world was about to be hanged. Blefore stepping on to the platform he enquired anxiously, "Is it safe?" MOTHuz (reprovingly, to little girl just ready to go for a walk) : "Dolly, that hole was not in your glove this morning." Dolly (promptly) : Where wasit, then?" A \Vstron who wanted his boots blackened said to his host, on retiring: "1'll put my boots outside the door of my room." To which the host uniavely replied: ' All right; nobody will touch them." WieowEn (to his daughter, aged ten) ' Dora, do you know that Miss G., our house. keeper, s going to be married?" Dora : "Oh I amo glad we are gstting rid of the oli thing! Won't it hbe joly? But who is going to marry her?" Father: "Well, I am." IT happened once that a faithful Moslem married, but, when ho saw his wife, she proved to be very unprepossesing. Some days after the masriage his wife said to him, " My dove, as you have many relatives I with you would let me kiow before whom I may unveil." ' My gazelle," he replied. "if thou wilt only hide thy face from me I- croe not to whom thou showest it." To:. "Is it true that Phil' calls on -Miss' Dond quite regularly now?" Jack: "He :is getting ready to do so, I believe. 1- saw ?im' 'trying to make friends with the dog the other. even!ng." . . SEnowa (tenderly touching her treuses)': " Sweet one, let me be like this lovely hair.' 'Angelica (tremulously):- "- What,, dearest '" What would- you be ?"' Edwin - (ruiptu. rously): "AILyour own.". Pnonanir N'dr.-Mistress: "So you are going to leave ?" Mold :"" Yes. "I don't like the-place." Mistress: "You have- no cause to complain. You have had an easy -ti me of it, for-I have done most of. the work myself.' Maid : ý' Yes but you didn't do it. to my satis. faction.";.. . . i PXISoNEu," said Judge Cowing7 i' you are charged with gambling." " Gamblingl What is gambling?" "Playing cards for money... " But I did not play cards for money; I played cards for chips." "Well, you got money for your chips at the and of the game, didn't you P" ":No; I didn't have any chips at the end of the game." "You are discharged.'". SrnoNo MGEaaeuns.-Converted Sal. : " 'Ave yer tried 'eaping coals of fire on 'is 'ead ?" Meg :" No, 1 can't exactly say aes 'ow I'ave,; but I've tried bilin' water-of ten.".. KNOWLaDOE Is -FowEa. - Doctor: "You notice a marked increase In your appetite?" Patient: "Yes." Doctor: "Sleep longer and, more heavily than usual?" Patient: 'Yes.' Doctor: "Feel very fatigued after much. exer. elsee" Patient: "Yes.'.' Doctor: "H'ml Very grave case; but the researches of science, sir, enable us to cope with your malady, and I think I can pull you through." "Will you love, honour and obey This man," the preacher said Unto a sweetly gushing bride Before the altar led. She smiled and raised her drooping eyes, The bridegrooms face to scan, Then lowered them again and said: "I'll do the best I can." AT Tas 'TmRu GOLDEN BALLs.-Sho: "Do you often visit your uncle P" le: "No. Ocnly in cases of extreme necessity." - A LIrrrLn DeAwiACKi.-" Dick Skinner say:? marriage is a failure." "A failure! I thought - hemarried a fortune " "Yes-but the gial. that went with it has suspended payment." IN TIrE RESTAURANT..-- " Garcon, I've Walted here one mortal hour I" said Chapple, "That's - so, sir. But just think o' me.:o I've been-wait ing here for ten years l" ADnvnTuISIN PAYs.-First Jeweller: " I have had proved to me that advertising brings results." Second Jeweller: ".What.was the case? ". First Jeweller.: "Yeatecday. evening I advertised for a watchman, and during the night my store was burglarised." . A MxTun?.~- Waiter: "tRamazieggsHolir . anbaconbeefeteakmuttonchopkidneystewfriede elsbakedsalmon.". Hungry Guest:: "Bring mer ., some of. each ina hurry."-- Waiter returns -ini' 30\. seconds with one plate. Hungry Guest: "Walter, what do you 'call this?', Waiter: "Hash, air; what you ordered, sir,". Tvie D?s?iNT o? MAN. Man's brief and bootless journeying adown this vale of tears RIeminds me of the -numerals we learned li. childhood's years; . For,' Re starts put filled with confidence, the rdcq o already 1--. Atleast to him it seems 2 be, though really:: ..:soaroe begoun.. . c; Witli-3.sounding speech- and' daring deed lid " tries his name to score -In bolder, brighter blazonry than ever man.' be.4; Yet soon, if 5 misjudged him not, nor estimate him wrong, His world-6 soul reminds him that this life. is' not for long. His 7"ly prospects seem to him in quite a shaky'. state, As he panders o'er his ways he growoth lec'ap. el-8, And satur.0 becomes, and sad, concludes his day is past, - " Gives up his -breath, and eke the ghost, and comes to 0 at last. 