WAS SHAKESPEARE A CATHOLIC? A LEcruRE. The elucidation of the question " Was Shakespeare a Catholic ?" was under taken by Mr. John Hand, of the Liver pool School Board, at a meeting of the Liverpool Catholic Literary Society, held recently in the Royal Institu tion, Colquitt Street. Mr. Hand remarked that there was no other writer of whom so much had been written as Shakespeare, and yet in the whole history of literature there was no one within even measurable distance in ability, excepting Homer, of whom so little was known. How to account for this has been the puzzle of all his com mentators. There was one way to account for it, however; but, singular to relate, this way out . of the crux had never Beriously suggested itself to those sapient gentlemen who had burned the midnight oil so plentifully, and wasted so much' thought and ink anent the subject. Suppose, Shakespeare to have been a Catholic, and they had the whole raison cFetrc accounted for to a title. Let them consider what tb be a Catholic meant in the latter days of Ellizabeth and in the rfeigh ofJames L, and still further what it would undoubtedly mean were a Catholic to put himself prominently in evidence at that period. Shakespeare's father need not have been a Protestant to have held the positions he did at Strat ford. He was chosen a burgesi, and alBo one of the four constables in 1557 under Mary. The father of Shakespeare's mother was a Catholic of Catholics, and it was fairly safe to credit her with remain ing in the Church in which she. was born and in which she had been married. The OBBayist detailed the trials of the Aniens and Sommervilles, who were related to his mother, and pointed out that Shakes peare muBt have had ocular demonstra tion of what was being done to hound down Catholics, and to hunt up evidence against his relatives. At the school in Stratford-on-Avon, which Shakespeare may have attended from 1570 to 1578, the teachers included Walter Roche, a man with an unmistakable Irish name. ; Would the fact of his schoolmaster being an Irishman account for the other fact that throughout his voluminous work not one word of disparagement of Ireland or of an Irishman was to be found P Thb was a point worthy of attention, and it did not seem to have presented itself to any editor or commentator of Shakes peare. Ben Jonson had two children, to one of whom Shakespeare stood godfather. Jonson waB then a Catholic, as was also his wife. Was Jonson likely to have had a Protestant acting as godfather ? In dealing with the sentiments in Shakes peare's works, Mr. Hand said there were innumerable passages throughout the works bearing on Catholic observances, which only a writer imbued with the spirit of Catholic teaching could ever have penned. And then consider the risk he ran, and what it would have gained him to have satirized and ridiculed Catholic teaching and worship. But this he never did. How dear to the heart of the great bard were nuns and friars. In "Measure for Measure" he introduces us to a nunnery, and how reverently he makes the Sisters speak. HiB reference to Catholic usage and prayers abounded in "Romeo and Juliet." He knew something of Confession, evidently, for he made the friar Lawrence say to Romeo— Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift; Riddling confession gets but riddling shrift. Was Purgatory, which Catholics be lieved in, not pointed to when the Ghost in Hamlet said— My hour is almost come When I to sulphurous and tormenting flames Must render up myself. I am thy father's spirit, Doomed for a certain term to walk the night, And for the day confined to fast in fires Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature Are horned and purged away. Wheeler, who edited the edition of ShakeB peare which was published about 1820, said this was a Romish Purgatory, and was rank Papistry. The Danes at the time, he adds, were pagans. But quota tions innumerable might be adduced. Protestant writers had often pointed to Shakespeare as a product of the Reforma tion, and singled out for special reference his discriptious in " King John" of Cardinal Pandulph, the Pope's legate, and his strong denunciation of Papal authority. It was true Shakespeare put into the mouths of his hearero speeches against the Pope and the legate which were from a historical point of view manifestly iDjust. But though he did this it was no proof he was a Protestant— indeed, he might be a good Catholic and do so. At the time of the Catholic veto affair Daniel O'Connell, who was a Catholic of the Catholics, inveighed against the Pope's interference, saying that they (the Irish people) would take their religion from Rome but not their politics, and in the last few years Mgr. Persico, a legate from the Pope was roundly abused in Ireland; and Leo. XIII. came in for a good share of the invective. But would it be true to say that writers and speakers indulging in such language were not Catholics ? Shakespeare, what ever he might have written of the Pope or Cardinals, never uttered one syllable that reflected in the slightest degree on Catholic doctrine. Nay, he had often gone out of his way to speak as he could of its sublime beauties. He might have been an indifferent Catholic as indeed he likely was, but a Catholic they had every season to believe he was, imbued with a true Catholic spirit and contemning in his heart the Puritanism then rampant. Most remarkable was it that on the death of Rlieaheth the greatest poet of all, although publicly invited to do so, remained silent, and penned no. tribute in proBe or verse i to. the dead monarch who was wont to patronise him. The Davies MSS. pre served at Corpus ChriBti College^ Oxford, relating to Shakespeare, concluded thus: —"Fr6m an actor of plays he became a composer. He died April 23, 1616, aged ,63 years, probably at Stratford, for there he is buried and hath a monument, on which he lays a heavy curse upon any who' shall remove his bones. He died a11 Papist." So said they aB Catholics. A discussion followed the reading of the S,per, and, on the motion of Mr. Charles 'Ardle, seoonded.by Dr. W.J, Sparrow, and supported by t the Rev.Father Httghes, Mr. ^fitty, and others, a, hearty. vote of thiuakfl wasacoorded to Mr. Hand.. 