\- CHAPTEB I.*' 1'nKNnnooK. , . . ¡j No spot in tho whole Southern Hemis phere cnn boast such a ruggod and im posing coast line as New Zealand.' On ita moat 'northern, ledge towers the Groat . Barrier, Rock-the, first point, on which tho ooenn tossed mariner restB hts weary . oyo-tho first land Been when bearing up ' for.Maoriland.- A strange land this. Along ita shores the vision encounters huge and mystic shapos at every turn of tho sea wall. Hore,- tho Colossus of Rhodes ; thora a ponderous Sphinx, ris ing shoor above its fellows, and whoso baas has been lapped by tho restless waves for a thousand years. Truly, a strange country is this of Te waite, the Maori, and the most mystic and awe-inspiring spot of all ia that of the Barrier Rock, Save the Fire Mountain of ("' Toiigongora, it is the grandest and alsc the highest point in New Zealand. , It i= a gigantio mount, as largo ns Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by the sea, except at the western end, where there is a nar row; strip of kauri forest, which links il with the mainland. . Viewed front the sea the Hairier pre sents the - » p'v- trance of an exact cono'ut tn within ti. , y yards of its top. .Therbthf sloping ends. ' lieyond it is treeless,'aiid as bare iind bald as the crown nf n friar, otherwise tho sides of the giant'g-uardhu" of Maoriland are donsely wooded to thc waters edge ' ; / ( .. . - Singular indeed, betimes, t.tiio tree less summit. Seamed and < -i .¡-irred, iib surface is mottled with a k - 'tilaze wiiich, during tho auñligh*' .iiid 'cvoii undar , tho mellower beams yt the moon, gives forth*a coruscation, as if thu lii'hti were reflected from scale armour. ! Uiver rocks, with ' deep yawning .'chasms, arc everywhere around it, and tho strang« glow is over all. : No northern painter ii primeval day over dreamed of forms sr mighty, so grotesque, as seems to look down.lipon you.frow the rocks, nround.v It required only a very meagre stretol of the imagination to people thoso heighti nnd dop th s with n race of Ti tnnB, to bon' jure up the sculptor at his work, rude though it may be, after all the oountlesc ages that have passed. . On tho'southern side of tire Barrier, and within a milo of that narrow neck ol earth which joined the great rock to- thc mainland, stood a large and solidly built mansion. : Its position was a broad, slop, ing ridge, -whioh ran parallel; with thc base of the mount for more than half ita entire length, overlooking a lovely valley. Tho architectural stylo of tfcis building was almost ns quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to tho opening of this story, Colonel Harry Fernbrook-a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a large fortune in London, sold his commission, and with the money emigrated to New Zealand and purchased the Barrier Kock and its adjacent land from old Te Huri, tho Maori chieftain, and there made his futuro homo. The colonel, who was a bachelor, lind not been settled twelve months at tho Rock ero ho foll in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori : half-cast .girl "of groat beauty, and heiress to immense wealth: - " One son only was tho issuo of this mar riage-Hilton Fernbrook. The boy was sixteen years old when ho lost his parents by a boating accident, off tho Burrier during a squall, and tho duty of tho youth's personal welfare devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had boen Mrs Fernbrook's nurse and chief domestic. ','"'". A bold,' woird looking landscape is this around tho' Barrier Rook, with its glisten: ing pinnacle.', its far . recoding poaks and downs of worn rock with the setting Bun füll upon thom, and lighting up many a gloomy dell.below. Z Hero where the sun glintod upon the face' of the cliff an iris might he Boon shining amidst the flecce-like vapor. But rare waB tho eye that beheld this beauti-! ful phenomenon, for tho place had tho reputation of being haunted. Few there are,, in our. day ¡who,: believe in ghosts. This, go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. We have become too matter-of-fact and prac tical for. such: humbug. . Nevertheless, .he was a bold fellow who would venturo alono . into the dim and dismal region of that ravine,*1 and not fool tho influence of .tho pince lipon his ñervos. It was ovidenc somo daring mortal had ignored the . peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoke could bo seen ascending from the haunted depths of the ravine upward :to where a kind' of stairway waB traced, 'formed of creepers, the outstanding stems isorving as steps. i lt was only by standing upon the very outer ledge above, and parting tho foliage that screened it that tho smoke could-be soon ; and if only superficially observed, ib might easily have been HUB taken for a strong waif of the fog that rloatod above 'tho waterfall near which it rose. Closely scrutinised,.liowover, its bluo color and soft filmy , haze ? rendered it recognisable. ;ns tho Brooke"of a wood fire, and one that :nniBt have been made by somo human hands. ', i Undor tho branches of a largo kauri standing by tho odgo of tho lagoon a canoe of rude '" construction was moored ¡by a twisted piece of supplejack attached to the troe. Nor was this tho only indi cation of the presence of . mas. > O loso ;under the cliff, vand near'where the" tor rent came tumbling down from tho rocks atonda kauri pine of, enormous dimon \---T»^2.Ui,t.t.i-A»ond_t.r.nnlfLnnverod_a ¡surfaco of more than forty foot: in di ameter, and tho top roso nearly to tho j brow of the' clift', with a thick' foliage upon it whioh completely shut out the ?views overhead.y;," .Beneath ,it .stood a whare, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thongs and rushes, with a door opening out to tho path up 'the rook.' 'Few,1 and simple indeed, wore tho artiolea ,of furni ituro in this primitive abode. -.. A couoli mado from two poles intorlacod with 'dried ,fiax,: and fern thereon, formed ;á.bed,1 a jsliset of,bark "placed upon four stakes, for :a table, and! a kauri log for a sont. « Save ¡an old tin kettle and one or two" utensils " .there was nothing' olso in the establish: mont in the i way of goods and ohatteis. ; Against the walls hung a variety of singu lar objects. ' Tho Bkull and tusks of a savage boar, enormous bats, ,with human Uko faces, ugly snakos, Btrings ot teeth and beads,' and' 'quaint images carved in wood. ?'?........, ,. . . Squatting by tho door of the" wliaro was a Maori Bmoking a blaok, short day pipe. Ho wasof 'gigantio < proportions, and frightfully tattooed over ovory part of his face.. Iletwoon his broad shouldors was sot a bullrliko head almost nockloss. This parsonage was ovidently watching and' wailing for tho nppoaronco . oE somo' ono expootod by way of the cliff, for at tho slightest sound ho would crane himself I and liston intently. -: At suoh times his baok was bent liko a bow, prosonting a great hunoh, partly the effeotof advanood ago,,, and partly from natural .malfor mation. .The Mnori's, costume wa» in keeping with his abode. A short thick tamba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much worn, together with a blanket formed into a toga (coat), completed his costume. At his,, hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with a-shot: bag manufactured from the skin of some wild animal. ^ Whoever', the 'individual might he for whom the.old Maori watched and waited, did not appear to hurry, for tho sun be gan to dip into the-sea away beyond the Tonga Reef .ere^tho.cxpoctod .personage made hia appearance. In tho fast deepening twilight tho form of a man -appeared at the apex of the cliff, who gavé a peculiar cry, iii imitation of the'toho.*'- Tlío "Maori below immediately sprang to his feet at tho ¿ound, and began climbing«up the face of the jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. The lagoon roached, he unfastened the canoe from its moorings, and. paddled across to where the man. stood for whom 'he had beon waiting. There wns just" light sufficient to soo1 that -this latter; personage was a little.hardy-looking^ with a form as litlieniid supjilo ns an eel. His face, though ' bearing Jiio particular indi cations, (if .manly, beauty*,1'-'denoted both darÏDgVand cunning in a remarkable.de gree, otherwise, there was nothing to mark tho man from any 'ordinary1 mortal, ex cept when he oponed .'his mouth ;.. then one felt a disagreeable sensation, as may be felt at the growl of a »antlier or the croak of a raven. ' In a very short time tho pair recrossed the lagoon and'descended the cliff. Not a word - passed between them till they reached the hut. There tho Pakoha (whiteman) threw himself upon the rude couch, and em it tod a long whistle of relief. - " So this is the Great Barrier, is it ?" he cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voice. '' 1 guess l'vp seen some fow places on this globe besides New Zea land, but hang' me as high as Captain Bragg if ever I saw anything to comparé with ' this... There isn't a lovel yard of lerra firma on the entire rock. If one wants to go over the way to visit one's neighbour, although there aro no neigh bours.hereabouts that 1 cansen',you can't do it under five or six mile» climbing. Faugh! gi vo me a match. Bosco." The huge Maori grinned, and at the same time handed his white companion a curiously carved box containing vestas. , " Now,- old' fellow, ' I'm going to rest here for half an hour," continued tho little man, lighting a cigar, and handing another.to his companion. "In the in terim I want you to soo that the gear is put. into tlie boat all .ready to. make a start." : -, i! v" AVhat, to-night V" . cnrmlrod '? tho Maori. "To-night, Bosco! Tho moon will bo up in an hour. "Wo will sail when thore's light'enough, if you ploaso." . Tho hprculoaiv savage gave a grunt pe culiar lo tho Maori race, lit'his cigar, and loft tho hut. Tho other sat and smokod in .silenco for- sumo timo, until Iiis thoughts found vent in audible muttor ings._ Egad. 1. thÍB is going. tho ticket, and no mistake," he cried, taking the cigar from his lips and apostrophising tho curling omoko abovo his head. "Hore am I, Timothy Sharpe, alias the Forrot, and valet-de-sham to Iiis greatness Mr Hilton Fernbrook, lord of tho-Burrier Rook;! Hero am 1, ambassador, connor, ?messenger, forerunner, and.what not, tb herald tlie approach of my boBs:-master, I mean- to this his homo, after an ab "sonce of five years spent in England,, and bri" tao'' continent of Europe; : Ha!. ha ! ha I' it's rare' fun to be a gentleman, and : to do the grand ' tour - as ?. tho: boss ' arid I have done for those, years past.-' Ho 1 ho ho !" And tho idea so tickled tho risible muscles of- the little man that he rnlloc over ' the bunk in a fit of iincontrbllabh ;morrimont. ;" Well, well, I've dono 'm j ! mission here satisfactorily at, any rate' ¡when he had recovered himself. " On« 'trump card played, which will go' far ti ¡wiri the game if properly followed up." "Now, let mo glance once moro over inj jinstruotions to.make Bure I-hnvo misset iriothing.' *First to give Bosco, tho Maori ¡half a dozen tlines scribbled iri some out ilandish .. fashion ..- that old Nick, himsel .could1 not road. < .? Tho snvago road j ; though, and doucod glad and ploased ' ln seemed after it too.. Ho placed himsel iat onco..entirely at my disposal, and pu itho'miBsive away in his dirty blanket a jit it had boon the, Kohinoor. Second îrocëivé'd'at tho' house-when I got.' there ¡that.is, which , took .. a terrible : time and devilish tired I felt, too, scraping m; 'shins against the -sharp, steep- rocka-re .ceiv edat the house with opon arms, an: 'especially by that, tall, dark old she cat \- jxtttnrttro"fibusekee'pbr.^4.Vv;hat.ari.ey.ejh( ilma, and what long claws for scratching [Humph 1 Ferret, you .rascal, beware, o .that Maori devil in petticoats. How: lie ¡withered face lighted up-.whonl told ho that' Master Hilton was. coming 'home Ah, woll ! if tho place doesn't suit yoi iTimothy Sharpo, - you can pivo notice .Hal ha !-ha 1 Lastly, ! am not to dela my rolurn ; very well, Mastor Hiltoi Cornbrook. . Tho wiud is fair for ou sixty mile journey, and I'm glad it is sc for> an open fishing boat is not tho mos safe and comfortable conveyance on th coast of New Zealand on a dark night and with a chopping aoa on. Entre noun Ferrer, if tho wind holds the Master' o Fornbrcok shall soe thu face of his lnimbl servant ere to- morrow's-dawn." . "Who's there?" The harsh voie croaked out tho latter exclamation fierce ly, and at the samo instant a revolver wa pulled forth from the breast of his but toned up coat, "Bah I H'B only Bosco returning," hi cried, aftor on intonso pauso..- " Thia in fcrnsl den ot peaks and chasms would un nerve the devil himself." ( Ho had only timo to replace tho weapoi in his coat when tho Maori ro-onterad titi whare.-,' *?. ??.(.? : ! " Well, the boat is rotuly ? ' "Yes." '' " Come then, lead tho way Bosco," criée the other, rising, and lighting a frost cigar. My master gave me positive orden to he back at Pukenhina by to- morrov j morning."- To', be OonMnveñ. ... F JJ 1 