BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAYTD CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Coat," "Aunt Rachel,' "Rainbow Gold," &o.;, &o.;, &a.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXX. When Redwood had received the letter in which Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the truth he had at once hastened to his employers to a3k for leave of absence. The permit wa3 given, all the more readily since the firm had need of his services in their London establishment. He was bidden, so soon as the urgent private affairs which took him away should be arranged, to enter upon an employment which would cost him some two months of time. He went to his work sick at heart, but resolute. Life was savorless, flavor less, without color. He did his duty doggedly in spite of all, and in the meantime an event waB preparing which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind—a position so terrible and strange that whilst it lasted it made the sorrows he had already endured seem trivial in comparison. To the amazement of everybody about him, Hetheridge began to mend again. Mind and nerve were alike so blunted that the shock of actual discovery and denunciation came upon him with infinitely less effect than might have been predicted. He had swooned in Mrs. Red wood's grasp and had lain long unconscious, but on his return to a knowledge of the things around him his medical men discovered to their surprise that there had been no second para lytic seizure. He was shaken and weakened, and it might be that his recovery was indefi nitely retarded, but the symptoms to be most dreaded were but little aggravated. Sir William Keppell gave it as his opinion that his patient's fall upon the lawn was due to vertigo induced by over-exertion, and the suburban practitioner respectfully followed in his train. Hetheridge's mind during the weeks that fol lowed affords a curious study. He remembered everything that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected the open denunciation of his crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after all that lapse of years he did not guess. He had been washed and dressed day by day by his at tendants and had not seen his own image in a glass from the moment when that damning likeness to his old disguise had begun to steal upon him. Had he been in full possession of hiB faculties his instinct of caution would have taught him better than to permit himself to return to the similitude of the false Andre Dom, who had murdered Elliee Redwood's husband. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct and definite boundary, and they melted, as it were, one into the other, changing confusedly, so that whilst he peered dimly at one idea he would find himself suddenly confronted with another which in no way resembled it and perplexed him with the strangeness of its aspeot. In a sense this mental condition was favorable to recoveiy, for it robbed all his sensations of their poignancy and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very much to him. The worst had happened already. The unseen image which had so long haunted him had at last declared itself, and in that instant he had tasted the pains of hell. All the punishment his undetected crime had brought nim, the slow years of unre pentant dread, the' remorseless accusation of the ghost that traoked him, had seemed as if gathered into one appalling and overwhelming avalanche of agony. There are things for the expression of which the human vocabulary is inadequate, and the extremest words after all express no more than averages. The stupen dous force of the blow which struck him, the earthquake rending of the soul with fear in that Bwift point of time in which it fell, the hideous and instanteous rout of every vital force within him—all these things are properly indescribable. They are outside the realm and sway of words, and even the imagination con ceives them feebly. He learned by-and-bye in a dim uninterested way that he was ruined. That mattered as little as anything and everything else to him. The visits of Sir William Keppell ceased with out explanation on the side of that expensive physician or curiosity on Hetheridge's. When, after a space of five weeks, the walks about the lawn were resumed he found that two of his servants had discharged themselves and had taken flight in search of an unbroken master. Jessamer came to see him and had an interview, in whioh he set forth the irre mediable character of the orash. Hetheridge heard and understood, and accepted the understanding with an indifference which looked astounding to anyone who had not the key to his mind. All his books and papers were in the hands of a firm of accountants, and his creditors were awaiting their report and the Bick man's recovery. The failure had oarried widespread ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gone down like so many houses of cards. Jessamer was full of it all, and it possessed him with a sense of importance and personal merit whioh he had never felt before. ^ There had been no suoh panio in the financial world of London for the past five years, and Jessamer enjoyed all the dignity pertaining to it and experienced none of the attendant pains and penalties. He revelled in a sort of awe-Btruok exaltation, and savored his own importance with a relishing noBtriL HiB employer's indifferenoe had, to Jeesamer's mind, something almost impious in it. He seemed careless of his own dignity. To be the supremest bankrupt of that decade and to have no pride in it. One or two local tradesmen had hurried freely in with petty claims whioh were not even fleabitea when compared with what re« mained of the gigantic figure they assailed. They sued in the county coord and conjoined together to pud a man in possession, bat Jessaruer dismissed him with his olaiui and with a scorn so lordly that the man shrank away abashed. Jeasamer visited these pre sumptuous tradesfolk and rebuked them to his own great enjoyment. Did these yokel intel ligences presume to imagiue, he demanded, that a man, a man who had failed for two million sterling, was to be harried by their like. He had never cared for Het'neridge the man, but he had esteemed Hetheridgo the financier always. Now, in the grandeur of his fall he would, had his employer shown a proper spirit, have revered himliko an emperor. As Hetheridge's bodily strength returned his mind cleared and his troubles and terrors became more real to him. It was a3 if with every ounce of strength he gained an extra ounce of weight were posi-d upon his shoulders. For three months he had been free of his phantom, but now it began to visit him again and to take its old place at hi3 shoulder. He thought with an inconceivable dread of the possibility of its reappearing before him, and he would have flown to the uttermost onds of the earth rather than face again the accusation of its gaze. He clung to life with a desporate tenacity. Whatever day of life he could secure meant a respite from an imaginary something which must necessarily be worse than what he had endured already—that ugly physical hell which is the bugbear of ignorant and ignoble souls. He had put its contempla tion to tho door thousands of times, but it came back now with a constant inaistanca and reiteration. It had always leturned after ex pulsion, but he had been used to contemplate it from far away. Perhaps he had baeu able to think it had been no more than a bugbear after all—a device of the nurse to scare naughty child ren to propriety. In any case it had been distant. He bad felt young and full of health and vigor, but now he dared doubt no longer, and the awful thing was near. He was an old and broken man, aged years before his time, poor and friendless, with no hand to guard him from the rubs of the world or to help a a wretohed and despairing soul to cling to an enfeebled body. He wondered why he was not denounced to justice, and as the days rolled by leaving him still at freedom his terror mounted to hysteria. So soon as he could possibly gather strength enough to move about the world alone he resolved on flight. He had an abject terror of the house he lived in and had never once dared to re-enter the chamber in which his phantom had suddenly resolved itself into seeming flesh and blood. A day or two before his illness a payment oE some few hundred pounds had been made to him in Bank of England notes. This wa3 a very rare occurrence, for in his establishment, where thousands and hundreds of thousands were gambled for, the game was played by the medium of paper counters. Cheques, promis sory notes, bills of exchange, securities of all sorts were plentiful; but in that very temple of mammon a banknote was a rarity, and a coin passed in the way of business a thing un known. He had thrust this haphazard sum into his breast pocket and had decided to pay it into the bank together with cheques and securities of far greater value, but had for gotten his intention for the day aud had carried the money home with him. It was but a small affair, and he had thought but little of it, but now he recalled it to memory with an extravagant joy. Granted that his strength came back to him he had the means of High 3. He could at least put the sea between him aud his fears of arrest. It was significant of him and natural in him that no thought of the girl whom he had reared to regard him as her father entered his mind. She was forgotten as completely as if she had never existed. He had accepted the charge in one of the few touches of right he had ever ex perienced in his life lime, and had continued it half freakishly and half to vent a spite on a man whose manner displeased him. It is probable that she would have profited im mensely if he had died before ruin fell upon him, for he had no ambition to leave a name behind him such as has urged the founders of great charitable enterprises, and he had neither friends nor relatives amongst whom to divide his wealth. She' would have been his natural beretrix, although only by the perpetration oE a harmless fraud which had become habitual do him. He remembered to have thrust tho banknotes into a cashbox which he had placed in an old fashioned armoire in his bedroom. So far as he had reason to believe it had b3en under lock and key ever since, and when once the double idea had occurred to him that the necessity for flight was urgent and that he had or ought to have the means of flight at hand, he was on fire with fear and impatience until lie could decide that the precious paper had not been tampered with. The master of millions when he last entered the house sought now for thi3 mere handfui of money with a desperate eagerness. He was on the lawn when the memory of his treasure occurred to him. He summoned his one remaining man servant and bade him assist him in mounting the stairs. "Faster, you snail," he snarled, as the man paused upon the midway landing to give him breathing time. He dismissed him fiercely at the bedroom door, and having secured the door with fingers that scarcely obeyed his will, he hobbled on his two sticks to the armoire, and to his intense relief found that the cashbox had not been tampered with. It came into hi* mind chat once before in his career he had made use of a sum of money, set carelessly aside in safety without the merest glimmer of knowledge in his own mind as to the service it would render him, and for a time he exulted. "I Bhall be away," he said to himself as he sat in an arm-chair fumbling with the note3 and gloating over them. " They think I am help less here. They fancy that I can't get away. They are making enquiries to confirm sus picion and are taking their time about it. I am stronger than they fancy. I have more wit than they think for. I shall baffle them yet." If he had not had such grounded reason to fear pursuit hia dread of it would have amounted to a mania. It was in the air, he sweated at its menace in the nigho time, his days were full of it, and every footfall in the quiet house, every arrival of the [doctor, every innocent messenger who bore provisions to the kitchen quarters brought that threat nearer and made him tremble at it, . His attendants had been honest and the loose coin he had carried in his pockets at the moment of seizure was still in his possession. It amounted to some £6 or £7 in gold and silver. The only personal vanity to which he had ever surrendered himself lay in the possession of jewellery, and he had rings and scarfpins, watch chains and jewelled pendants enough to have satisfied the desires of half a dozen average dandies. So as soon as his poor modicum of strength returned to him he emptied all these from the various cases in which they rested, and made a little glittering heap of them upon his dressing-table. "I shall have something to live on," he muttered; "something to, live on. I shan't starve for one while anyhow." He sat down at the table to arrange the scarfpins in rows, pinning them into a hand kerchief preparatory to packing them away, but his fingers were clumsy and tremulous and seemed reluctant to obey his will. He succeeded at last, however, and having rolled up all the wealthy gewgaws he thrust them into the foot of a sock and locked them into the cashbox, which in its turn he secured in the armoire. From that time he set himself reso lutely to do whatever seemed likely to inorease his strength. He followed the ordinances of the doctor with a slavish fidelity, exercised himself persistently but without overtaxing, and bent the whole remnant of his will to the one end he had in view. In his own dreadful way he had givenproof years ago of an iron tenacity of resolve. He waa enfeebled in every respect, and brain and body had alike suffered. His purpose was not of the old indomitable force, but he still made it serve. Within two months from the hour of his daughter's departure from the house he felt that he might dare to face the world. He could far less dare to wait and face the daDger whioh slepb so quietly. He had had his bed conveyed to one of the ground floor rooms and had caused the apart ment to be furnished in all respects as a bed chamber. The difficulty of mounting the stairs gave an absolutely valid excuse for this manoeuvre, but he was in great anxiety lest his real purpose should be discovered. The night was cold and raw, and when he looked out upon it from his window a thin gauze of .cloud with an opalescent aqueous light within it was hurrying wind-driven across the face of the half-obsoured orescent of the moon. The bare poles of the trees whipped the air and olanked against each other in the November blast. It was after 10 o'clock. The house had been still for a full half hour and not a] mouse was stirring. He had attired himself in a heavily furred overcoat, had packed his valuables and change of underclothing in a small bag, and now stood ready to depart. The Frenoh windows opened close to the drive, and once outside of the house there was no fear of his being missed before morning and hardly any of pursuit even then until such time as the avenger should receive news of his flight. The night air strnck upon him with a fresh chill, which braced him, and he walked stealthily towards the gate, taking care to avoid the drive, whioh was faintly illuminated by the rays of a distant lamp, and crossing the lawn where the shadows of the evergreens deepened the gloom of the night. The gate creaked upon its hinges as he opened it and gave his nerve3 a momentary jar, but nothing came of it. He walked along the street, seen now for the first time for nearly half a year, and quite un familiar in its winter aspect. There had been rain that afternoon and the puddles in the road crinkled and shivered beneath the wind and glimmered palely in the light of the street lamps. With a view to his enterprise he had feigned an especial weakness on that day and had taken complete rest. The vigor which ani mated his limbs was surprising to himself, though the passers-by saw only a tottering old man with darkened glasses and a great grey beard,^who shuffled painfully along the pave merit with the aid of a walking-stick. Ho had laid all bis plains beforehand aitd was ready with a BOhewe to baffle pursuit whe£ it should start upon his trail. He made his way to the nearest cabstand, distant perhaps 3015 yards from his own gate, and hailing the driver of the sole vehicle standing there instruoted him to drive to Kew. He entered the cib with considerable difficulty and was driven away. "Have the glass down, sir?'' the driver asked him through the little aperture at the top of the cab. "No," he answered brusquely in that dis torted voice which had belonged to him siuco his first seizure. "Drive on," The cabman touched his steed with the whip and returned the slashing pace he had for the moment relaxed to make his question audible. The ruthed of cold air into tho cab vivified and half intoxicated the passenger. He was coated well and had a thick silk muffler tied about his neck, and it was a physical joy to be back in open spaces. Where the road was clear of houses the flat meadow lauds with their tiees, which rattled in the embraces of the wind, lay gloomy and sombre on e.ither side, with winking rainpools throwing a slant light for a mere instant of time benoath tho moon or in the gleam of some distant lamp. The clouds hunvied in confused and obscured masses, acioss the sky, changing in form perpetually The splash and rattle of the horses' feet, the whirr and rumble of the wheels, tho phantom trees than ran towards hitn from the darkness with their battling branches, and were passed and vanished m a flash, the rushing w;ud, all teemed to speak exultantly of liberty. He bugged the precious bag upon his knees in both his fur gloved hands, and leaning his bearded chin upon the crook of his walking-stick he stared right and left into the nigho aud tri umphed at every stride that brought him nearer safety. When he had reached the end of his drive, had paid the cabman, and had seen him drive away hi3 mocd failed him suddenly altogether. He knew but little of Holy Writ and could Lave made no guess as to where the phrase might be found or where he had heard ib, yet the words came into his mind as clearly as if a voice had whispered them—"Though I fly to the uttermost ends of the earth Thou art there." His fear was at his shoulder again, the murdered Redwood dogged his footsteps, and the delighted frenzy of a minute back was a mockery and a delusion, which loft his state yet bitter and more forlorn. He bad caused himself to be seb down within a little distance of the railway- station, aud walking thither he feigned to make enquiries about a train to Barnes. Emerging, he chartered a new cab and wa3 driven London wards as far as Hammersmith, where he had a confusing choice of linea of rail whioh would help still further to check pursuib. He chose the District line and booked for Charing Cross. Arrived there he discovered that the mail started for Antwerp, via Dover and Ostend, shortly after 7 o'clock in the morning. He took a room in the hotel which commands the station, and having forced himself, to eat, drank three or four glasses of brandy and water, and bo betook himself to bed and to sleep. In pursuance of the orders he had given he was aroused in time to dress, breakfast, and catch the train. The platform was full of hurrying figures and a yellow fog blurred the lights. He had taken a first-class passage, resolving to enter on a severe ecouomy when once safely landed on the Continenb, but at the same time reckless in his expenditure of his narrow fuuds. He was slow in mounting the carriage steps and was rather roughly hustled by a burly and excited passenger who pressed up behind him with a portmanteau and a great bale of rug3 and overcoat), determined to secure a corner seat. The whistle sounded, there was a slamming of doors, and at the very instant when the train began to move, a late trnveller stepped into the carriage aud took hi3 seat opposite Hethorid&e;, who for the moment paid no heed to him. His eyes, indeed, were occupied in searching the platform for an altogether problematical pursuer, and when he turned his gaze within the carriage the train was already in motion, the light was flickering, and the filthy yellow oil washiug to and fro in its glass basin, so that be had no opportunity of recognising his vis-a-vis. He had purchased a rug at the bookstall of the station, and wrapping this about him he leaned back in hi3 seat, folded his hands, and closed his eye3 in the hope of passing an hour or two in slumoer. His night's rest, despite his potations, had bo6n broken and of almost no value to him, and he began to feel that if he were to continue his journey without incurring a relapse he must husband all his resources. Eor a while his thoughts dragged at him, haling him hibher and thither, but at last his fatigue told. The rumble, rumble of the wheels began to sink and rise upon his ear with a measured music, and he fell into a dose. The clear early dawn was bright when he awoke, and lookiug up he saw his phantom in the flesh again, gazing straight through him as if with eyes that saw within him and beyond him. George Redwood had fulfilled his commission in Loudon and was travelling back to his em ployment at Liege. 