'DRIFT.' Washed ashore I Thore waa a crowd iin liic bonoh that morning. A sullon suit struggled through the grey clouds, and looked down upon the scene— a frail spar or two floated out to sen— a dis mantled hulk tossed in the distance on the still heaving billowB, the remains of a wreck. On the beach the wan sunlight fell up on a ghastly spectacle From the sand and seaweed where they lay, dotid faces looked up, cold and white— eyes whose light , uf life had gone out last ni^ht when the tierce tongues of llaine had lit up tho strife and torment of sen and nir— ovos whoso last of earth had been that dissolv ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling w:tte:s. ' Here, Steve, lend a hand.' ' Och, it's dead she is entirely. Look al thin boy, an' there's breath— life in him. Where's the whisky? Sure an' '??'I call back the life, if it'a within ?i- iinn. 'Hero's Charlie. Make way for Dr. Charlie,' some of the men called out ? nh that fondness in the tone which de, ;wted a general favorite. A young man with a grave and eager liice drew near. Tho east wind raised blown curly locks from off a brow white ana smooth us a child's. The eyos, brown ami fearless, seemed to look far into the ? ?t-pblia of boinj,', to scan motives, to read tliustmiigo i.iuroglyphics of the human i.i-iirt. None of mioso rough men would luvo hod to Dr. Oharlio ; but they would i.uvcr have uwnoil that it was 'because ilioy feared liim, but rather becauso they imed him. lie stopped by tho body of a voune ..?mmn. ' 6 'Och, an* Bhe'll niver draw breath aynin,' said one. But Dr. Charlie was not so sure. He sot the men at work in every direction ; he ordered restoratives, he prescribed various remedies, he put the men to various tasks in the way of rubbing with npa-its. But this woman, the only woman aaved-for he had detected a faint sign of \--1i at ahould be done with her 1 She. must bo taken to tho nearest ^ house that is 8H . »nd they must take m her in, decided Dr. Charlie. ? The noarost house was a neat little f white box, with a bit of a garden in front, J and tiny walks, bordered with white washed oyster sholls. All was 'prim and precise as tho mistress, who stood shad llirr Men nt.nn »^I,L _ Ll.! ? 1. 4 .? -?a ..w ujsi niiu a nun nana as tne men bore tho ghastly bnrden to the gate. Dr. Charlie oponed it without pause, '?x counted on your humanity, Miss Hopsy,'1 ho said. ' If this poor girl's Ho s to be Baved, there's, no time to be lost. Miss Hepsy looked at the white, fixed face, tho closod eyes, with tho dim purplo shadows beneath, the marble hands folded on the breast, ae if death had fixed thorn thore in tho act of an otoninl prayer. \- ' Poor ere'tur ' 1 ' she said ; ' she's ' seou lu-njiB of trouble, I'll be bound, but bIio loulis na if it was all over now. Coini! in, uoino iu. I Buppose as it's a h iniiUtr of lii'o and death, I can't ask you to wipe vnnr feet on the mat. Lor' Muss ino ! moIi a pnssle of dirty boota . M.'vor walked into my house in my life. i U'l'nl dirty, men folk* ara. to be sore 1 ' \ /Jut Miss Hepsy, thutigh nho longod intensely to wiish out the mud tracks at once, cotiti'illed her deihes, and made herself useful. With a sigh of reliof, she saw the men go out, lcaviiiy only Dr. Charlie and huraelf with the atill in beusihlr 'jirl. They chafed her hands and fon res i.i.i.idy betwuon her lips. ?' Why, blesB us, she's married I ' cried Alias Ilepsy, holding up tho left hand, where tho thin thread of a gold ring glittered. ' The poor young thing I One heart will be sore after her.' ' Oh, wo'U save her,' said Dr. Earn shawe. ' Thore is more flexibility now, and ft feeble pulse.' Evon as he spoke, he had a strange sensation about this girl — a a if he were dnmnliAttt nnn^Hnliitirr linn fnt-ex 'nv*A 1\\*itirv_ UUI11U1IV1I VUUW&UJllllij; ilUJ, KlbUI €?!»** Kfimfe iiig hor back to a world of sorrow. If those white lips could speak, might tlioy aotBfty, 'Let me go — let' mo glide out of all the ills of life into the great peace of'doath?' Perhaps the untravelled glooms and avenues of death might be sweeter to this weary soul than any path of life, and yet ho was forcing her back into earth's thorny ways. It soomod but a vague speculation. Yet thin woman appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had como through great tribulation. A warmer tinge began to hover ? over the white face. He saw a faint tremble in the golden curve of the eyelids — a pale rose tint touched tho lips. Miss Hepsey had wound up the damp yellow hair into a great coil that soenied like, a glittering crown. What a rare and lovely face it was, with the beauty of a lilly in tho sun I ' I declare if she don't look like one of them ere sculped saints,' said Miss Hepsy, admiringly. 'She's too pooty to be thrown about on beaches like an old chip.' ' Misa Hepsy talked as if tho storm and waveu should have had respect for looks in their wild frolics, an idea which made' Dr. Earnshawe smilo. '?We'll have her all right in no time,' he said, 'and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the waves, with your good nursing, Miss Ilepsy,' and he bowed. ' I do hate mortally to be messing over sick vittles, to be sure,' said Miss Hepsy; ' bub—' 'A work of mercy,' suggested Dr. Charlie ; ' and for the expense I'll be responsible.' So the maiden lady's mind .was set at rest, and she went down stairs at once to concoct something stimulating and nourishing for the invalid. Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, watch ing tho strange, mysterious process of returning animation. Where had the life gone that was now by sl.)w and subtle changes coining bask to this beautiful casket ? Whore had it found an abiding place — to what far realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsivo thrill a broken ex clamation disturbed his thoughts. ? With spasmodio strength the girl raised her head and reached out her hands. The blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated' with terror, fixed themselves on Dr. Charlie's faco. 'Where — where is it ? ' she cried. Dr. Earnshiiwo touched her brow with u carressing touch we give to a child we love. ' My poor girl,' ha asked, 'what is it?' Sho looked at him with a strange ter ror and a shudder convulsed hor frame. Somo half uttered word died on tho lips which faded once more to tlitiir nslien hint. The faint rose tint flilted away from cheek and lip again, and she fell back on tho bril in a (lead swoon. ' Ah, all my work to do over at*iin,' said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he' plied hor patiently with moro restoratives. ' I think I was right about the poor pirl. Life has not been all sunshine and roses to her. No wonder she is not in a. hurry to come back to it.' But she did come back to it in time she took up tho burden, whatever it was, at last. Not in tho old way, but quietly, and with a deep sigh, she opened hoi' eyes. She did not say a word. ' ? Now 1 will leave her to you, Miss HepBey,' Dr. Earnshawo said. ' With feeding up she'll get on. Don't lot her talk much yet awhile.' 'Lor' bless yo, doctor!' said Miss Hepsy, bustling about with hor bowl of gruel, 'why should I want her to talk ? 1 hain't tho least curiosity in the world. It would be »11 one to meet me if sho was deaf and dumb, fur as prying ami finding out was concorned; not as I'd wish her afflicted, poor thing I Now, soino folks would.' ' I know ; it's all right,' said tho doctor. ' I'll call in the morning. I must see to the othnrs.' The girl's eyes followed him wistfully aa he passed out of the reom. Some un spoken question seemed to hover on her lips. 'Speak out, if you feel it would enso your mind, ' M ss Hepsy said, aching to know all about her strango guest. 'Thank you. I will sloop, if you pleaso,' and the wistful eyes closed wearily. But Miss Hepsy saw a slight shuilcl r, and heard tho word ' others ' repeated. 'I reckon' sho's in a bad way about, somebody that was on that 'ero bout,' Mi s Hepsy decided ; ' but if sho won't Bpenk out free, I can't help her, should think she'd nigh about hu'st up with the thinking that she keeps up, 'thout open ing them lips.' For tho patient littorally obeyed tho dootor's orders, and kept very quiet all day, swallowing all that was' offered with alow 'Thank you,' and then turning wearily to tho wall, as if bIio never cared to look at anything in the world again. But lifo, colour and strength camo back as Burely ns if sho had ardently prayed for them all, instead of lying there in suoh stony indifference. ' Oh, yes ; sho's woll enough,' Miss Hepsoy replied to the doctor's inquiry at the door in tho morning ; 'and 1 reckon you won't find her tho wuss for talking. Why, she hain't propounded a Bingfo question to mo, but takes it all as nateral — boin' hore — as if I'd raised her. Now, that nin.t in natur' — not as I tako it.' ' Well, bIio is very weak,' Dr. Charlie commenced. ' Oh, fiddlesticks,' Miss 'Hopsy said, with an indignant sniff; 'if I should wako up in heaven somo morning, do you think I'd make no remarks but make out I'd been an angol ali my life 1 It's my opinion — ' 'Don't form n hasty opinion, my dear madam. Wo'H know iu timo,' inter ruptod Dr. Earnshawe ; ' uud, of course, as sho's an inmato of your house, 1 shall foel bound to toll you what I find out.' This was iftrd in a low and confidential tono, that iiiolilifid the lady considerably*' Tho smile! i hat i'.luminnted her thin fuco was lil-i-:\ ray of bleuk wintry1 -sunshine, and sho went up bofore the doctor with some uliiuriiy. . -'X ;; '. 'My dear,' she Raid, throwing open the door, 'I don't know whother you'll rocognise him.asr'in. but hero's tho gentle man who s:iv'-l ' ..ui' i.'iV, by the blessing ?ofGoil.' ! h- yo'Mi;- girl raised a pair of sad eyoB ?toLV.-i., . I'lie's face, andseomi.- ; to find ifploasa:;! to look at him, did not turn away. A faint color cams to hor oheek as ho took her h:md. ' What I sitting up already,' ho said cheerily. ' This speedy recovery is a groat coniplimont to my skill.' She appeared weak enough, though, bolstered up in an old crimson stull'ed chair, her dolioato faco looking like a cl'.ar-cut white cameo against it. Miss Hepsy had dono hor best with tho blue merino drosB, but it looked old and worn, with carefully darned placoB horo and there. 'I must get well,' she Baid. ' I have no time to be sick.' ''No timo I Ah, we all take time for that.' ' I wish to God I had died!' exclaimed the girl with a violence that made Dr. Earnshawe start and drop hor hand. He was glad that Miss Hopsy had gono out of tho room. But by a great effort the girl calmed herself. .She looked like a girl in epito of tho glittering thread of gold on hor finger which proclaimed her a married woman. ' Excuse mo, docror ; you have been kind to me — you meant it for kindness ; but never mind, tell mo about the others.' 'You had better not talk of those terrible scenes yet,' Dr. Charlie said calmly; 'the mere memory of such a shock is enough to unsettle you.' ' You must tell me ; I shall not got woll if you don't,' she said nervously, and Dr. Charlie thought she was anxious about her husband. 1 ' Was any one dear to you on board 1 ' he inquired. A strange look flitted across tho beauti ful face. . . ? : ? ' My husband was thore.' Ah, here was a task for the new doctor. How could he break tho terrible news to this poor young wife ? Ho know that not one of tho four mou saved could bo her husband; he had soon thorn all that morning, and ktiew all aboub them. ' What was his name ? ' ' Never mind ; don't ask mo yet ; but tell me how soon I shall be able to move. I have no money. I can never pay this good woman for hor care. I cannot af ford to rest. How soon can I go ? ' Dr. Charlie felt such an infinite pity ovoroome him as he looked at tho frail creature lying in the chair that ho could hardly speak7 'You must not talk of moving,' he said; ' it would bo death, When you tire able — 1 — you saw, I suppose — ' htsi ta'ii'sly. , ' 11 Oh, yes ; but I must get away from hero,' tho girl said, in a nervous way, dnsping her thin white hands together with a Bort of repression of inward pain which the gentleman felt with a thrill of sympathy. i luimau iiiu lo ou coiuenc ior ono week, and wo will sou,' said Dr. Charlie, liid he hoped much for that wook. At the end of it, Dr. Chaflio camo in with his usual cherry laugh. ' Woll, Miss Hepsy,' ho cried out, 'all tho patients from tho wreck are off my hands but this ono. I saw tho Jast Fellow off with his mother just now. Oh, liow nho hung around his neck and lliiinlcfd me !' ??-??? ???????»-. ^?'.-.-.,.,.-!_^ ? . ? ' Did they all yo oil' with friends?' said a low voic'o from tho window. The doctor thought it must bo as a death knoll to her hopes when he said, — ' Yes.' Miss Hepsy bustled down to got tea, ltnl the doctor sat silently waiting to think of simii) word of comfort, but tho woman broko tho silence. ' I know what you «i-: rhinking fibout,' sho said ; hut you an; mistaken. I am glad — glad ! ' Thou the doctor wus too much sur prised to speak. ' Perhaps you have never heard in this favoured country of husbands who lire brutes,' slio went on rapidly; ' men cowards, who vc-nt every malignant feel ing, every disappointment on tho poor woman whom tho law has given them. Talk of slavery as the English do— there are no worse slaves lhan most of the wives of their working mon. I know— 1 havo ond tired it for two years. Ah, it is over — I am free I ' ' But,' said Dr. Charlie, still hesitat ing, ' excuse mo— you do not speak liko the wife of a working man ? your language — ' ?' I will toll you all. you havo been kind to mo,' said the poor creature, her cheeks Unshod, and her eyes i»litterin-; with cxciteinont. 1' I shall fuel bettor to talk to some one. I havo had some e lu ciition, hut I've always boon miserably pour. Tno first I can recollect is living in ouo oE thoso toiiumont houses iu Loi£ don -in a study, close room, where we cooked and slept. My mother sowed half the nighi, hut sho i might me. Sho had sc'ii butter days, bur. hud run awitv to unary a dis-ipaiud and improvident man. She was a widow, and her friends had cast !wr oil'. 1 remember one dread ful Novumbor day when a kind of sl.'oty rain wns falling. We had no fire, and the sharp wind crept through every crack ami pinched us with cold. I think my motlier must havo been in a despairing mood for (jays, hut it had mitde no great impression on my childish mind. 1 stood at the window, drearily looking- out at the puddles of shish and water, and the drip pings from tho worm-eaten gutters that niado dirty dimplen in them now and then. Oh, how it all comes back to me to-day ! My mother ounio toward me. ''Hore, Nell,1 sho said, 'put this shawl about you, for you look nigh clummed with cold.' ' ' And what will you do, mother ? ' I asked, for she was taking the shawl from about hor own shoulders. ' ' Oh, I'm warm enough,' she an Bwercd. ' I feel as if I had fire in my veins; b.-sido, I'm going to drink this, and I'll novor foel cold again.' ' She was dropping some dark stuff out of a vial when sho said this, and I cried out, — ' ' Give me somo loo, mother, of tho wonderful stuff.' ' But ? she smiled — oh, .such a bitter smile ! I felt, child as I was, that some thing was wrong, and I watched her, half afraid, as she sat silent for a time with her head on hor hand. Then I heard her say, — '?Poor little Noll— poor little Noll!' 'Sho ofton said such pitying words, but something in the tono then seemed to atir my heart. I ran over to hor, and leaned on her knee. She looked white andsiok, v^ . ' ' You've got an aunt, ohild, sho mut tered. . , ' * Well, I don't cars,' I answered. ' I don't want her.' ' ' But you will want her, dear, and— /?''-???' : ' I think— sho'll forgivo you thon— wiion I'm gone — pooplo cim't be Hilary »'it,h tho dond— I believe— and sho'a very comfort able — you'll bo bettor off.' ' Then I noticed tho change in iny , mother's face — tho strange, convulsed, now faco that seemed to have takon the plaoo of tho dear familiar one, and my screams of grief and terror brought in a crowd. But I mako my story too long. Sho was deadl dead by hor own hand I Tho dark drops wore laudanum. Don't think sho was a sinner,' cried tho girl, fiercely, turning on tho doctor; 'don't judRehor.1' ' I will not, I assure you. God for bid,' said Dr. Charlie. 'Do not go on 'I will mako the rest short,' sho said. ' I went to my aunt's — a grim, iron-grey old maid. Sho had been once on the ove of being married, and had even hor wed ding dross made, when tho gentleman found his courage fail, and left for parts unknown. Her fierceness against the other box amounted to insanity. ' ' No followers, girl,' she said sternly, when I first wont to her. .--?' I was only twelve and did not under stand what Bho moant, but as I grew oldor sho made tho matter plain in many a tirade and lecture. I had a miserable life of it, but even so I should nob have left it for — ' horo the voice stopped for a moment. ' Oh, let me Ret over it,' sho wont on impatiently. 'I had to work hard enough, but I had enough to eat, and I ought to have been happy,' with somo scorn in the tones. 'One day 1 hap pened to bo caught in the rain. A young man who — well, who had expressed some admirution for mo,;overtook me, and hold an umbrella over me to my aunt's door. I had never specially cared for Jem Bates— a bottle-browed, black-haired follow, with awful gloomy oy os ; but he seamed good natured, and I could not refuse tho shelter of his umbrella in a pelting storm. ' ' Oh, how long I'm making this I' My aunt met me with a Bcathing look. ' .'.?? ' Turn about — tramp 1' she screamed. 'Is this the end of all I've done for you ¥' and she went on in' the most fear ful way, raving liko a dolirious por son.' ? . ?; ? , ? ? ' ?.-'?.' 'So Bhe turned me ; out — out ' into the fearful storm, and I had not a friend.' '' The doctor exclaimed, 'Poor child!' and ho never once looked at his watch or thought of his other patients. '.But the young man, Jem Bates, was not far off. He soon came baok. Ho had offered himself to me onco b.ofore, and he did so again nt onco, with the rain dripping down on him, and making little rivulets in his black Jiair. I was reckless. I said ' Yes ' thon, though I had snid no before, and he took -auo to his mother's. As soon as it could be- arranged wo wore married. Thon began for me a hell upon earth. Passionato, stupid, obstinate, cruel — I need not go on. 'Wo set sail for this country, whsre wo hoped to get wor k. Tho storm came. I welcomed it as an angol from God sent to bring me delivera nee. Don't shudder or hato mo when I tisll you that I sprang first into tho socthin g wators. I wanted no lifo- prcserver ; 1, rushed into their friondly, cool arms. You — you brought mo back. How coulld you atone for thai if you had not brou slit me the good tid ings that my tyrant i s gono ?' Poor Noll leaned sbuckwearily in her jchair, tired, but with somothing of tho oliTpaln gone from .her pale face. Her pathetic oyes seemed still asking for all sho had mi«eQdl,m^life — true hap uinosB, truo lovo — tout liiTF*'lips---woro silent. Tho next moinonb it was nil wkh in hor grnsp. Dr. Charlie felt p. j^roat tido of love and pity pour into his heart. All his prudence was awannpecl by that Jlood. Tho beautiful faco Ivifoi^o him shone like ono of Raphael's Mjidcnnas ; ros.y white it gleamed against tho crimson chair. ' Lot mo save yon fro;ni tho Btorms of life from this timo.' Ji o said, loaning down and putting hia hai id softly on tho guidon hair. Nell looked at him with wido blue eyes. It was an odd timo for a proposal — just after announcing tluo death of one husband. But Dr; Oharlio had nove-r thought of her as a married woman ; siio was io him a fair young girl, a waif: cust up by the soa for him — his own — his ocuan trea sure — ho had saved lior. Nell look at his frank, «janiost face, and shivered a littlo beneath tho fervent glanco. 'Oh, doctor,' aho said, 'find some fresher heart ; nvino has gone through so much. 1 thijnk I can never feel again.' But Dr. Charlio thought no other/heart would do as well. And when Miss Hepsy enmo up to tho door — not to listen , of courso, sho scorned the -action, but Co see if anything wore needed — she heard, quite accidentally, these words : i 'Oh, no ; not more than six months !' Then tho piationt's voice softly said : ' Six months' ait loast, doctor.' 'Well, that's migncy queer,' Miss Hopsy reflected. ' I wonder if he's talking about his 'will 1 15t.it that nin'c a bit liko Dr. Char.'lie, to bo insisting on hia money.' So Nellie Bates stayed in tho little seacoast town, and .found work to do. Indeed, Dr. ClvArlio had handkerchiefs innumerable to lievu, enough to have supplied a whole tri'iboof baby kiokapoos, if savages had ever boon prejudiced by education in favor of isuch articles. Miss Hepsy grow .more friend^', for Nollio was a charming .littlo pcrson,aud in tho sunshine of happiness grow so bright that she seemed like a sunboam her self. . Still, there Svoro m.»ny curious com ments on the dny of the', wedding, ospeci ally by disappointed you'ng ladies who had sot their capa for Dr. Charlie. 'The artful baggage,' said ouo; 'do you know, they say she is a widow.' ' With old Wollor, I tiny, ' Bewnro of widows,' ' hor companion roplied. ' Sakos alive ! how doas ho know that her husband is really dead V' Miss Hopsy whispered, in confidence, to a friend ; '''twdiild bo- mighty incoiivoniont to havo him coming back aftor u while, 'cos it ain't likely h'd havo as g.ood maiiDuvs na that Enoch Arden follor, who jest wont off and died sensibly in tlm nick oe. time without saying nothing to nobody.' But Dv. Earnshawo had not takon tho Borious step of marriage -.vithout making many enquiries and Bottling tho matter to his own satisfaction. ) He felt a happiness 'that makes tho heart afraid ; still, ho trembled at soino unaeen shadow ; he fiiftt an unreality about it all, as if he were- the victim' of a strange dream. / - ' - Yet there at hi* firedido and table sat / tho bonutilul wonniii no oalled his wife, growing 'ie'iver ' ? 'i in day by day. At last, uhuii i.u by lips crowed a wel come to him on his return from wenrv rides, and dimplod baby hands \\- io stretched out to meet him, ? ho felt almost as if earth had no moro bliss to givo. , ? i ' To Nellie Earnshawe 'this now lifo was as if the gates of Paradise had opened for her — as if sho had died in tho stormy waves of ocean on that tompostuous night and awakened in heaven. She sung about the house like a bird ; she bloomed into new boauty liko a trans planted flower. Ono night — a night of storm and dark ness — she was listoning for her husband's step ; baby Charlie was asloop in his crib ; tho lnmplight kindlod up faint gold gleams on the littlo rings of flosBy hair that lay on his white forehead. How cosy and comfortable all looked ! tho bright fire, tho warm curtains, tho pioturos on the wall, while the rain boat against the window and the wind wailod outside. Jane sat thinking of the hard and cruel past, and how God had lifted her out of it into a pleasant hom-», and given her a goodly heritage. Oh, tho bitter, pinch ing, cruel timo I What a dream it seemed to her now I She went down to see that the suppor table looked bright — Dr. Charlie must have a cup of hot coffee after his ride. ? Tho girl stood at the door, where a coarse looking man was inquiring for the doctor. 'He is out,' said the girl. Mrs. Earnshawo's face had grown sud denly like the face of a corpse. Tho man stepped boldly forward. ? ; ' The mistress will do as well. I will speak to her.' The girl was going to expostulate, but Mrs. Earnshawe camo forward. '??, '1 will see tho man, Mary,' she said in a low voice. .' He can leave the mes sage with mo.' The man shot, a fiery glance at her from bonoath his black brows, but walked quietly enough into the doctor's office. Onco in and the door shut, he turned fiercely upon hor with an oath ; 'Faith, you carry it off briyely, my girl, -,and you opon. to the otiarge of bigamy.', ? ' I — I believed you dead, Jem — as God is in Heaven, I didl' cried Jane. ' And deuced glad you wero to bolieve it, and short mourning you made,' the man said, coming up to her with a threatening gesture, which brought back — oh, so vividly — all the dread ful past. ' I thought you wore at the bottom, too, or I'd hunted, you up long ago ; but I waa faithful to your memory,' with a snoer. The man had boon drinking ; his horrible hot breath seemed to sicken her. Poor Jano I all tho refinements of tho presont only made tho past£seem more in tolerable. Sho loathed him with dread unutterable. ' Oh, hero's an affoctionate welcome after two year's absence. Come, paclf up ! I want you now. I've lot that blasted doctor havo you long onough. You can't keep houso for him any more. Pack up everything, ana all tho spare money you can find. You ought to have wages, you know.' Was the solid earth slipping away beneati: her feet ? Was a thick curtain of darkness lot down over the world ? Poor Jano grasped tho arm of the chair to steady herself, for all .loomed reeling around her. She felt us. i£,dflath itself had grasped hor heart with an icy^Tianrtjrmd sho hoped it might be so. Oh, if life could indeed go out now bofore sho must go bank to that horrible existence and leave all she loved lieli:nd ! But doiith did not i-oino. She felt life throbbing iig.iin tremulously iu her veins j sho felt a ringing iu hor ears, as if all the bells of thoehurchcB faraway wore tolling for her dead hopes. She faltered — '' What do you nsk, Jom ? You do not want mo — I am a burden — you have often said it — let mo bo in peace.' ' Woll, this is virtuo 1 This is my sainted Noll! And you'd live that way, would you, you baggage ?' andho swore a terriblo oath. ' Come, my principles won'tallow it. I ain't sunk so low yet. You thought I was dead ? You wanted to think so, I daro say; but if you believed it, the ali'air isn't so bad as it might be ; but if yeu bought me off now and stayed, do you know what you would bo, my girl ?' Nell shudderod. She felt tho truth, hut right and wrong were strangely con fused in hor mind. To go buck to squalor, misery and blows with this brute, could not seem right ; to stay where all her best hopes, her love, hor life wore treasured, could not seem wrong. She had a vision of her love, her darling, with his fond eyes looking down at hor, and hi3 white forehead and brown curls, that she knew by heart. Oh, if she could only spring to those arms and die there ! And her baby — herPrince Charlio — she could not speak of him. Sho trembled lest his baby cry should reach the oar of her companion, and awaken a torrent of coarso invective and blasphemy. Sho could not leave him — she would not. She would fly to th'o ends of the oarth, and hide in its most forsaken spats first — she would work for him till sho dropped dead first. This was the first gleam of hope — that entered tho poor woman's mind. She could not stay whore she was. This fierce, gloomy-eyed man could. claim her, body and soul — 'twas so nominated in the bond — but sho would eludo him, and find at least peace, if not happiness, in some obscure corner in the world. Tho rain beat down sullenly now, and a wild wind shook tho tree tops. Mrs. Earnahawe trembled at the sounds. If the dootpr came now — oh, how would tho parting be I 'Whore are you staying, Jem?' sho asked. ' At. the Cottage Hotel; rather low, eh? Well, I like it low. ' I'm low my self.' ' 'I'll meet you thora — ' 'No, you don't. I'll keep an eyo on you, my lady.' 'Can't you trust me, Jem?' Nollie said, quaking with fear. ' You know 1 can't stay hore. If I don't meet you at ton, come here in tho morning. I give you leave. Como and claim mo then. I only want to do things quietly. I expect Dr. Earnshawo every minnto, and then what an awful scone. 1 cannot boar it. You must go now. I must havo a littlo timo to niyaolf,' 'To pnek up, oh ? Oh, very well— I'm agreeable.. Paok up a good deal ; I'll allow evory convenience for that opera tion. I think I'vo got you auro onough, for the law's on my sido,' and the burly follow staggered to his feet with a parting oath by way of benediction. Jane did not stop long. She rtishod up stairs, and bogan putting hor things to gether with frantic haste. Prinoo Charlie wolco np and began to watch his mo' hoi wit!: laughing blue oyoi!,as if all hor movo inonta wore part of a play enacted for his beuolit. Slicild sho write a line to explain ? No, thora was no time for that. She could send a fow lines from tho noxt stopping placo. Oh, how dosolato hor darling would bewhon ho came to his lonely homo that night — wife and ohild both gone I Sho took up an old photograph, and kissed it aguin and agnin. In all hor frantic hurry sho took timo for that. She looked around tho pretty room fulUof boautiful tokens of his love with frenzi-ad eyos — so puro and fresh it was — a lily of a:. room. Sho thought of the bare, cold placoa that must fooii bo her home— tho toiling, ompty lifo that awaited her ; and she felt forced to cry out, as one of old : ' My God, my God, why hast Thou for saken mo P' Sho did not take many things, only useful and plain clothing. She could not boar to take tho pretty ornaments her darling had given hor from time to time. She could romombor so well the happy scones which eaoh recalled. Had it all boon a dream, or was this last a frightful nightmare, ;frora i which' she should awake soon in an ecstacy of joy and ponco ? Baby Charlie's hat and coat now I Oh, how tho storm pelted against the window I How would she shield tho darling in the pitilesB blast? But a dark and stormy, night was all the hotter for thier flight. ' Few would be abroad then to give tidings of thorn to any inquiry. . . Hark I The blood stood still in her vcinB. It was — it wa9 the koy in tho door — a sound that always sot hor heart boating. It_ bounded now not with the old joy, but with a sudden and awful terror ; but she wont down. Dr. Oharlio and others — a group of men. What had happened ? He did not sen her, but was giving orders. 'Poor fellow, its all over with him. I reckon that pair of horses tramped the life out of him at onco : but bring him in, and I'll do what I can.' Then glancing up, he saw tho pale faco, as white as a ghost's, looking dow. 'Oh, No! ij, keep awny.' he called out ; 'a man has been run ovor, and I was forcd to bring hyft here.' ' . ? But tho full light of the hall lamp fell on the man's bloated face as thoy carried him iu. The black brows, the closod eyos, tho purplo lips, N_ellie knew well,|and she knew that her doli vorane had come. For tho Hoctor said softly and reverently — ' Ho. is dead.' His wife stole up to baby Charlie's hed sido, and fainted away, with a prayer of thanksgiving on her lips. 