/? AlTTIN was tilho eldet son and ihope J. M\lJ. Mr. Lord, the. Squire of Molton. HIls amiable .disposition and anperior intal lect procured for him universal lorve and esAteaah. Martin was a great favourite with the girlo, old and young i buthe nover showed any marked partiality to anyone until he becanme intimaie with Isabella Ashton, the daughter of the cloegyman. Isalbella was young and the most thought less girl in the village. She could have little symp:t!)y witha person of cuch deep feelings and elevated intellect ais Martin; and, bsautiful asshe was, it seemed strange that he should have given his love to lie,0 Martin'anld lsabell a had been pointed out as 'lovers by village goesijis for several months; hle vwas now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather itg of young lIpeole at the house. Martin, oi coturse, twas Ipresent, with the fairest yonthls. an:d maiden'; and thile canlipany enjoyed themseClves freely with jests, songs, and oocialgaloes. The hour at which such parties usually broke up had already pus- ed, when somoe one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that diciiptiou laving been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of thle elturclly d. "It is a silly report," said Marlin. Nobody can' believe that a gho:t has really been reen there; and I doubt if any persou here beliecves in the existence of ghosts." " You do yourself, you know you do, lMartin, altlhough you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella ;' bt Martin only laughed. "Co?ole,now," continued the thoughtless girl, "I. can prove that you have some idea that such things nmay exist. Go to the church. yard alone in thlm dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt no fear." " And what would that prove ?' " Why, you will be frighltend, tihoughlyou should sec nothing. Your fears would put your belief to the test. Ilow could you be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid oft" "I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the clhurchyrd, even at midnight, would frighten mc in the least." "]Ha, ha but you shall not escape o," laughed Isabella. "Here, before the-e, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin ead desired ier to pa t ewitlh, "provided yol ngo to the churchyard alone, in the dark, tnd declare oil your hollour when you return that you were not afraid." "Agreed," said \Martin, buttoning his coat. "Ai(nd as an evidence that you go the entire distance, you can bring back with you the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said l-abella. Tihu- drive by taunts to tlle commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the comptny, full of courage anti spirit, and set out or his errand. Ie marchtel steadily to the church yard, stopped a mo:nent to gaze at the white tomblstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate groundl, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky-then taking up the bar of iron of whiclh Isabella had spoken, set out to return. lie had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the road, lie saw a white figure emerge froml a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation; his hair stanlding erect and his blood running chill with horror, still he stood his groun.l, The spectredrew nearer, scening to grow whiter and larger as it approached. WYe cnonit tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unluhapply youth at that moment. lie raised the bar, atnd lusnted upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard terrib!o screams. Direading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the spot. They found Martin kneeling on a prot-rate figure, his fingers clutchinlg convulsively at its throat, while lie still uttered frantic phrieks for help One of tihe young meno forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, vwhilst. another tore away the folds of thesheet and disclosed the blood-stained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. Martin uttered an unearthtly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. tie never poke again, and lived but a few months, to dlie all idiot. NEVEIR TELL A LIE. Y O6G wan, never tell a lie ; especially if you happen to be a married man and your wife is a woman who knowt what two and two make-or, at all events, hardly over tell one. A lie may seem larmnless enough at the time, but it will stick to you like wax. Listen to what George Washingtion Sploggs has to suffer in consequence of a little fib he once told. George had been out to supper at a bachelor friend's diggings, and, in the natural order of events, he was offcolour the following morning-lie had, in fact, about' a No. 11 nausea, headache, and thirst. At breakfast his wife wonderedl why lie had no appetite for the nice fat bacon - at least, it would have been nice if it hadn't been rather cindery oil one side and not cooked on the other. And then le didn't take his tea, and she was sure lie couldn't complain of its not being strong enough, for it had been stewing on the hob for three-quarters of un hour. And the margarille wasn't so very strone but what a healthy man might have eaten the toast. So George had to explain, and he said hie didnu' feel very wecll--ratlher bilious; Ihe thought the valmotnot they ihad for siupper last night hadn't agreed witli him. Now, this was the lic. George didu't think anythinig of the sort, and they badu't had any salmon for supper. Ilie hlad bieent well enougl to tlink at all, he would have known that itwnsthat last half glass of whlisky. But lie reckles.ly told tle lie. f. George storuggled into his overcoat, and after dlesperate endeavours managed to stlueeze his hat on to his sEwollen head; 'eand Ihe'wcnut off to the office cwondering why somebody didn't invent hat- horns on the principle of the shloe-horn. And Nemesis marked Iim for hier own. Mrs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a twinkling, and she determined to have her revenge for the deception George lhad tried to imposo upon her. This is what now Wt lthen.Georgs'feels inclined to to bave a little toddy at htnoe before going to bed, Mrs. Splogrgs' will get out the glasses and decanter, and put the kettle on the fire, and will ask: " Will you have any lemon in your salmon, George'" ' When a friend comes in of a night to see George, and Georgo asks him to have a nip, Mrs. Splogcs always makes a point of asking the friend if he likes his " salmon " iot or cold; and then explanations have to be given, which makes George feel somewhat foolish ilike. And theni,to crown all, she has coached up the slayey in the joke. The other night, when the decanter was found to be empty, she rang for the girl, gave her some money and told ier to go round to the " Golden Lion ". for a bottle of thlrec-and-sixpenny " ealnon." And the girl grinned as she took the money and went for it. George is beginning to think that the situation wtill remain unaltered nntil he joins a Band of Hope and boys a few yards of blue ribbon. bag tsrat (to prisoner) : "Have you any Prisoner (aBarber): "Yes, your worship. Your haltr wantes cuttig.. 