THIi MUSIC HA It '.A)IUA A. The music halls appear(writes the Globe) to be within measurable distance of achiev ing one of their great desirea-the right to play stago plays. They have long had a hankering after this. They have coquetted for year, with the stage play, and on various occasions furtive billings and cooingo have taken plate between thelo; but when the sweet kisses which, being stolen, should have been silent have become too loud, the theatrical managers have howled out in pangs of jealousy, the stage play has been hauled back to its letal allegiance by the ear, and the rival show man trounced for his improper advances. This is a very pretty metaphor, exactly we hope, to the taste of the managers aforesaid; but it would sound to the music hall caterers rather like begging the ques tion. They would bid you to move on with your metaphors, and listen to their facts. Music halls were founded for the eleratibn of the masses. Good. Anything which tends to that should bhe eneuraged at the music halls. Good again. Ergo, a short and simple dramatic reprasentition, with a sound moral is the proper, thing for the music hall stage They will tell you, be sides, talking of theft, that if you wish to see some of the best talent of the lialls'you must go to the theatre at pantomime time; and that if you enjoy. a thoroughly good variety show, in the boat music hall style, you have only to visit some Ipopular theatrical burlesque. Also, that if you wish to hear the latest music hall -" rage" without ever crossing the threshold of a hall only wait a bit, and the "rage" will be exhibited to you under the Lord Cham berlain's license, sandwiched in between the incidents of what is derisively known as a "play." There is a good deal' said on both sides, and not a little indignation and sarcasm expended, and a trifle of wit. Ono even hears, so lowy-minded are some people, allusions to "rival tradesmen.' Whatever the issue of the immediate con troversy, it seems not at all unlikely that the stage play will ultimately get a footing in the music hall, and 'one may be expused for speculating a little on what the results are likely to be. It is interesting to con sider what influence the music hall sphere will have upon the drama. It is quite certain that t'tu splher of exercise of any art re-acts upon the art itself. Mendels sohn on a seaside band played upon an empty stomach, with a view to the subse quent circulation of the hat, is not quite the same thing as the same composer at St. James's Hall in the afternoon, after a substantial lunch and the money seoure. The art of the salesman, exercised across the coster's barrow of mackerel, is some-* what different, both in language and wile, from the same art as exercised by " our Mr Jones," whose art again is far removed from that of the man who " ppaces " share'. So the drama, removed frot the precincts of the sacred horseshoe, and from the pure atmosphere of orange peel untainted by tobacco and the aroma of spirits, ?vill dif. ferantiate itself as soon as it grows familiar withl the square hall,hle uipturned cigarette and vacuous stare, the short pipe and pewter, and the lemonade asd feathers. There are sevcial lines on which the new dvelopmenut may proceed. Twenty minutes appearing to be the happy medium fixedhy thie would-be legislator for music hall drama, thber might possibly be a revival of the old and warranted Richard sonian play, which occupied about that time. Some of the ancient barn-stormers, now very much in retreat, would not be at all sorry if this should be the case. They have been bewailing ever scince they were put on the shelf the decay of the British drama, and have been prophesying, both on the stage and off, that' a day will come; ' and it is possible that the day is coming, under the auspices of the County Council. Another line of development which sug gests itself is the calling into being of n en firely nlew clsis of drampo, mott in ke6eing with the century-end and thle genoas loei. What, for instance, could be more appro priate than to put a chaste dramatic setting round some of the precious pearls of art which exhibit themselves on the music hall stage at present ? For instance, a gentleman comes on and details vocally how he " knocked 'em in the Old Kent-road." This is all very well as far as it goes, but how much more realistic, vivifying, and improving it would be if we had the Old Kent-road there itself, with the principal characters of the song playing their parts in it before us. Then, again, take the lady with the sentimental song. She is oxtret ely attrao tive and sipgs post sweetly, and at present we do not get halfeenough of her. We are just entering fully into her feelings, not to say madly falling in love with her, when lo, her sont, has come to Ian eitd;' apl she is replaged by a boiinding brother or a trained band of curs. Now a 20'minutes! dramatic idyll oouldeasily be?hyowi around this lady. We ?boobid all like to sep ioh " Chowley ' she sings about:; the "handsome mash that cuts a dash,'! lucky fellow; we should like to behold their " meetin' in the pawk,'!and hear the brilliant repartee whi h we are told-but only told-they indu ~e in on ~lhat occasion.' it would bh Iosoe eescitihl to see him actually "apasa the 'att' of the cad who insulted the lady. We should be mulch interested in the actual representa tion of how he " takes me to the uppers, to Richmond, too, to dine," and a very touch ing d6nouoment would be a sample of the wedded felicity which the lady promises herself under the auspices of Chawley. Then take the broakreck'porform'aices, or those 4irsioh look like it. At present the full horror of the feat is quite missed through want of a dramatic setting. Each of them would make a splendid central situation of a 15 minutes' play. Take, for instance.the gentleman who shoots a broad bean ogf his dear srife's head. You are not, as mule, absolutely ponvl'cud thui; thio'e ii any bullet in the gun, and you have half a sus picion that the bean does not always full ofi quite at the right moment, though the subsequent finding of the bullet in it is absolutely undeniable. Now if the lady and gentleman wore to Goue on first of q1l as distressed Alpine peasante, say, about to be sold up by a cruel landlord for arrears of rent, and then a few friends came on to sympathise with tlhem, though all bad unfortunately no money to lentil qgd theno the GOesler' of a lotdlor4 enteredy, and diboelically proposed the fpat in order to havg his rovenoe on ths wife, who had spurned his advances when single: by this. time your imagination would be all In a glow, and your mind would be quite taken off the qestionable bullet and the broad bean. You would belicyo thoroughly in the rsality of the Qhole'thing, qod would be worke') up to swallow the feat entire. So also mutight a little play be arranged with great advantage for the singing-slsters, the knife swallower, and the tran-fish. T''here Is yet onothler lino'along which the ddvelopment may take plach, and'that is by the adaptation of the existing 'dramato music hall exigencies; The 'particular "note" of the hall is theshap-dash, and itis surely not jolipossible to qttlgie ptlsnd'riil drams theretO. '5 jsaeotl," toh, foexample, reduced to one act ansl one scene, tour chlaraclers, each with a sbng and dance, and 20 minutes' dialogum, would be within thl limits of the proposed bill, andyet might be mgde very takin. '"Tli'p cone would, of course, be tho: hall of Maceth's castle. You would' introduce tile Thane Rand his: wife, who'in 'two- n\inltes would say all that was neoneossay: abbut their' ambitions, :ad" iiotldeitally' sliod whivh was : the: better hlore&. 'Duhean, '-of course, has already gone' to 'bedi and canbedheard snoring in 'evidence. Then follows the murder, with excerlt'r frdm the goriest of the present di'aognuo,' aid Banqtib: and (acduff are boughht do to do'the horror-stricken, and shosw who they are All' this need 'not 'take more' thai 10) minutes.' You have still plenty bf tlihe left for the banquet of guests'" off," lad the appearance of Banquo's ghost ;:after which you can have the handwashtig :'in' oie corner and Macduff's laienet sver th?1 'Ido of his fadmily in' anbthee'bdthb going to gether toi dsave time. So you come 'nati·. Irally tos Turn, hell-houind, turn I "arid-the final happy despatch, : The dlalguad wodld. of :course, require to be isioderni'ed ael Smake more pointed; and if a few topical allusions and Adelphi sentiments were in Ilterspersed it. would ilo' no harm. It would be a matter of great interest to observe along \whliich' of these lines the \- music hbill p!ay 'Will lirtim'aiely develop.' Old gentleniugn (opening parlour 'door just ai' thd young man otole s kiss) :' Wdll," SI am surprised.';: Youhg "mu:(~abhnfusied)' ' S o a m I , ' r i n i- - 