Reviewer. Publications Received. " Into the Unknown," by Lawrence Fletcher, published by Cassell and Company, Limited, (215 pp.) is described as a romance of South Africa, and is somewhat in the style of Ryder Haggard in so far as it deals chiefly with blood curdling and, it must be said, impossible ad venture in savage lands. Mr. Fletohor's young Englishmen—there are two of them— have found their way into an all but inac cessible tableland whioh had previously been discovered and occupied by a colony of Mormons. These people, living under a patriarchal tyranny, seem to be engaged chiefly in preventing the intrusion of strangers into their country, every invader, be ho white or black, being meroilessly shot at sight. This danger and tbe mysteries of the Ghosts' Pass having been successfully overcome by the heroes of the story, they find themselves face to face with the full power of the Mormons. But repeating rifles, together with the daredevil courage and superhuman judgment commonly displayed by tbe chief actor in such works, whether in the backwoods of Amerioa, the jungles of India, or the forests of Africa, enable them in the end to completely destroy the Morman army, and escape from the country loaded with gold and glory, and accompanied by a Mormon princess who has naturally fallen in love with one of the dauntless Englishmen. The book is well written, and the story has some claims to originality in construction. "Matthew Bedmayne," a New Zealand romance (306 pp.), is written by . Oliver H. Growden, and published by George Robertson and Co. This might perhaps have been better described as the story of a crime; but the element of romance is by no means wanting. The ohief eharaoter of the book is Esther Bedmayne rather than Matthew, and the plot turns wholly upon a mys terious murder, for whioh, immediately after marriage, Esther is tried and acquitted, though generally believed to be guilty. She could have cleared herself, but chose to remain under the ban and separated from a husband who loved her and to whom she was devotedly attached, rather than incriminate a sister who was violently insane, and who as it afterwards appeared was not really the guilty person. Here of course are the materials of a thrilling story, and the author keeps his secret well to the end; but one cannot refrain from asking whether any woman outside of a novel ever behaved in so extraordinary a way as Esther Bedmayne. The book, which opens with the " dying confession" of the wife of a day, ends with the happy solution of all mysteries and the restoration of husband and wife to eaoh other. It should perhapß be said that the scenes might as well have been laid anywhere else as in New Zealand, as apart from the names of places there is nothing in the tale specially appropriate to that colony. The work on tbe whole is not badly done, but there is a want of finish too often observable in the books of colonial authors. We have reoeived two handbooks on Western Australia. The first is the Year-book of that colony (201 pp.) whioh has now reached its sixth year ot issue. It contains besides a brief historical and geographical sketch of the colony, a vast amount of information concern ing its population, trade, climate, finances, constitution and Government, education, administration of justice, land tenure, mineral, agricultural, and pastoral resources, and means of communication. This outline will serve to indicate the scope of the volume, but generally speaking it may be said to be an admirable compilation _ bringing together for general use ooth within and beyond the colony a vast amount of informa tion whioh with us in Queensland is usually hidden from the general view in the pages- of those ponderous volumes known as " The Votes and Proceedings." The other book referred to is " Western Australia in 1891" by Mr. Francis Hart (160 pp.). Though to some extent traversing the same ground as the Year book, the material is in this book thrown into more popular form; it is moreover riohly illustrated with "process" engravings of scenery and public buildings in the youngest colony of tbe Australasian group. Less space is ocoupied with tabulated statistics, and it contains an account of the foundation of the new colony, with portraits of its first legislators. 44 Mediaeval England, from the English Settlement to the Reformation," edited by Dr. W. Scott Dalgleish, M.A., is one of the series 44 Periods of English History," now being pub lished by T. Nelson and Sons, London, Edin burgh, and New York. The periods adopted are those of the Oxford and Cambridge local examinations, that already named being fol lowed by the periods " England of the Refor mation and Revolution" and 4> Modern England and Great Britain, from the Revolution to the lost Reform Acts: 1688 to 1885." As explained in the preface, the prominent feature in the plan of the series is the importance attached to the development of the constitution. Thus the first volume deals with the Feudal Monarchy (Supremacy of the Crown), the second with Absolute Monarchy (the Crown versus Parliament), and tbe third with Limited Monarchy (Supremaoy of the Parlia ment. The same principle is worked out in detail in eaoh volume. At the close of each reign there is a summary of the constitutional changes effected in the courso of it with an indication of its general tendency from a con stitutional point of view; while in important reigns the leading statutes aro analysed. "Hoblyn'B Dictionary of Medical Terms" has now readied its twelfth edition, and the new issue has now been revised throughout by Dr. John A. P. Price. It i 3 published by- Whittaker and Co., Paternoster-square, and occupies 822 pages. As a dictionary of terms used in medicine and the collateral sciences it is no doubt a useful work and would be of value even to the general reader who in these days of extended knowledge frequently encounters such terms. The Greek or Latin derivation of the words is shown in eaoh case. 