MUSIC AND DRAMA. A oonsiclerable amount of discussion has been going on recently both in England and on the Continent with regard to tho disturbance caused by the rustling of tho leaves of a programme printed upon still paper, when it is found necessary to turn over tho leaf in tho middle of n song. This may appear to some people a rather Sybaritic idea ; but those who were present at tho performance of "Einuldo" by tho Metropolitan Licdortafcl during the present week had an opportunity at one point in the cantata of forming a correct judgment upon tho question. T'hc employment of a very soft material for tho program mo has been suggested as a remedy for an evil which, of course, only exists where a " book of words'" is in use. The printing of the words of songs has not frequently formed part of the arrangements of Sydney concerts, though in the case of the Patey and Hali£ concerts words were issued. It was proposed to follow the same plan in connection with the Foli concerts, but the issue of the book wa3 brought to a standstill by an intimation that the printing of copyright words would bring the printer under the penalty of the Copyright Act, and because this in volved the omission of many of the songs the' project was abandoned. As regards the legal point in question there is no doubt tiiat the publication of copyright words would have been actionable, and, inasmuch as this will necessarily affect other concerts, it becomes a question of general and wide spread interest. There can be uo doubt that tho perusal of the words of a song that is not familiar to the hearer just previous to or during its performance adds additional pleasure to its rendering, and in some cases is quite essential to the due comprehension of the rnuaic. It is therefore difficult to realise how the issue of a book of words of songs would afieut unfavorably the interests of the music-publishers, on whose behalf the prohibition alluded to hag been brought to bear upon the enterprise that would have certs. On the contrary it would provided a book of words for the Foli con- appear that the greater enjoyment of any particular song would be likely to lead to the purchase of that song by an amateur who heard it sung. The idea that, having gained possession of the words, the melody could be learnt at one sitting and tho music thus dispensed with is not worthy of much consideration in this instance, tor the pianoforte accompaniment is an essential part of all songs of a good class, and the melodies of songs such as are sung by tiignor Foli and his concert party are not suun as would be readily carried away by one hearer in 500. There is a proposal to give a performance OI " iNiiucsnua uc uovcia uanieu or ui ui.v Lane shortly, in order to establish the nucleus of a fund for the setting un of a scholarship in tho London Royal Academy of Music as a memorial of the lamented Goring-Thomas. A circular signed by AT. M. Gounod, Aiuhroise Thomas. Massenet and oLac-i eminent French musician, has jm»t been issued, inviting subscriptions rrom Eihji.-:ii music lovers to the monument to be placed over the grave of tho late Henri Lilolll, n the cemetery of Colombo, near Paris. Li:e monument Is to be designed by the einmuut sculptor, Lucie u Tallcz. Die circular, allm referring to some ot Lilolll s lamer composi tions, recalls the fact that the composer is English born aiul that bis last opera \v«n> on the subject of Shakespeare s King Lear. The Italian Opera Company is at present on tour under tne maiiiigcineiu. ui Air. \\\ d- liam Hughes. On April 23 they opened a short season of three nights at Goulburn, in tlie Academy o.f Music "to one of the best Saturday night audiences seen in the city for some years." On April 28 and 29 they were at Wagga AAragga, and on Monday hist they commenced a series of three performances at the Mechanic's Institute, Albury. " Lucia," " LaSoniiambuhi," and " Martha" have been the only operas produced. Although most elaborately staged by Air. Williamson, the success of "Carmen" in Melbourne has not been so great as was anticipated, and this fact lias lead to a revival of the "Mikado." Aliss Colbourne Baber play the part of Yum Yum with great succes, and has been received wil-h much enthusiasm on her re-appearance in Melbourne after four years absence. Aliss Baber will also probably appear in "AJari tana" with Air. Leumanc in t he tenor rule. What may he considered a scandalous incident occurred at a Philharmonic concert in Berlin. Dr. Aron Bulow took the opportunity of making a long speech, in which he said that Beethoven was mistaken in his dedication of his " JSiitfonia Kroiea," and suggested that the error ought l.o be corrected by the German public rededicating the symphony to tlie Beethoven of politics, Prince Bismarck. The scene whieli ensued was extraordinary uud Bulow will prohuuly not return to Berlin. Air. H. Clifton Alderson, the English actor whose acting a the Duke of Guisel.u y, in "The Dancing Girl," at Her Majesty's some months ago was a kind of oasis in tlie desert like ViUiers season, returned during ihe week from a tour through New Zealand, where he played lead with Air. Waller Bentley. Before his departure for the island-colony Mr. Alderson made a deep impression on tlie Alelbourne clitics with a .scholarly and original representation of iago, and his performance ol tlie same part in New Zealand has been equally successful, while he ha been credited with doing excellent work as Rob Roy, the Ghost in " Hamlet," De Mauprat in " Richelieu," and other leading characters. Iii engagement with the Australian Theatrical Company being ended, Mr. Alderson .sails for England by the Ophir on Monday, carrying with him very pleasant memories of his stay in Aus tralia and a determination to return, if it can be managed. It is more than j»ro- bable, indeed, that lie will be out with a company of his own a year hence, in which ease lie will be able to avoid such untoward circumstances as those which upon his first visit prevented a really sound and clever actor trom being seen at his best. Mr. Bentley, it may be mentioned, is giving readings in New Zealand, where his tour, though entirely successful, lias been arduous. To travel such distances between towns as one must m i\ew Aeaianu, ana io piay the sternly heavily legitimate for months on end, three new pieces a week, is not the kind of work one doc on a pleasure trip. The question " who is going to succeed Mr. Elton us principal comedian in the Royal Comic Opera Company V" is partly answered. In the production of " La C'igale" at Alelbourne to-uiglit Mr. J. C. Williamson himself will come down from the managerial Olympus to play Matthew Vanderkopeu, formerly represented by mortal Mr. Elton, and thus make his first appearance with Lhe company for about 10 years. Mr. Lauri will also be a leading funny man, and there are rumors, as yet unconfirmed, of Mr. .Shine, brother of the clever voting gentleman who is such a favorite at Her Majesty's, coming out to Australia for a season. The ne wGaiety Company, whose Australian tour begins at Alelbourne on Saturday, con sists of Air. E. J. Loimen ; Air. Robert C'ourt- ncidgc, second comedian; Mr. Bert ITaslein, character actor ; A1 is Marion Hood, erstwhile a comic opera prima donna, and a member of the first Gaiety Company that came here ; Aliss Addie Couycrs, "principal boy Aliases Alice Letlibridge and Alice Lcamar, dancers ; Aliss Kate Barry, "boy actress:" and Aliss Marie Jones, leading burlesque actress. There are also Alisses CoraTimiie, Katheriue Foote and Hose Nott. " Faust Up to Date," "Carmen Up to Date" and "Joau of Arc" are the company's pieces. A burlesque company, playing at Hobart, includes Misses Alice St. John, Amy Johns, Emma Alarkhniii and LilyForbes, am! Messrs. Percy .St. John, James Wilkinson, Gribbeu and Arrowson. Air. Suazelle is touring New Zealand. Miss Alyra Ivemble, who is engaged in a similar task, is doing excellent business all along the line. Airs. Potter and Air. Kyrlo Bellew will appear on May 9 at the Prince's Theatre, Manchester (says tho Daily Ttleyraph), in a new romantic plav written by Mr. Bellew on the subject of 44 Hero and Lcander." This piece was originally produced with con siderable success in Alelbourne, at the Princess Theatre, in 1890, and swerves only in minor detail from the Homeric legend, which has before been turned into a five-act German poetical play by Grilparzer, called 44 The Waves of Love and the Sea." New plays are in abundance in London. Air. Carton (author of "Sunlight and Shadow ") has one for early production at tho St. James'; Air. Wilson Barrett and Mr, Charles Hannen have a four-act play called 44 Our Pleasant Sins," to be performed at Leeds tins month ; Air. G. R. Sims and Mr. Robert Buchanan have drama tised Sir Walter Scott's novel, 44 Wood stock " (in which Air. Charles Cartwright will play) ; Air. Comyns Carr is under com mission to prepare a new version of 44 l\uy Bias," and is already hard at work on a play j which Mr. Henry Irving is to produce 44 on a i scale of great splendour"; and Air. Isaac Henderson, wishing to put 14 Agatha" out to the best advantage, lias engaged Mr. Charles Wyndham, Air. Cartwright, Alisses Rose Leelercq. Olga Nothersole, Alinnie Terry, AVinifred Emery and Mary Moore to play in matinee representations of it. Air. IT. II. Vincent ami Aliss Fanny Etison ; arc mentioned as acting very prettily a new one-act piece called 44 Alidsuimner Day," written by Mr. Walter Frith, and played in front of " Lady Windermere's ran" at the ; St. James'. | Mr. George Rignold produces 44 Faust" at Adelaide to-night — Alarguerite, Aliss Bessie , Rignold. __________ 