T1JE 11 ISMAL itWAIIP. [ most explain that by this time, owing to my vehement denial as to having worn the hoots, suspicion had fallen upon Louise, my mother's housemaid, a quadroon girl about my own size and age. That night my dreams were terrible -the boots played no inconsiderate part in my nervous and excited fancies. First I imagined that I must have them, and in order to get thein it was necessary to obtain the closet key hidden in the pocket of my mother'd blue chintz gown that al ways hung at night upon a chair im mediately behind her bed. I dreamed that I had seen her for get to fasten the door leading into her bedroom, and that I arose, and tiptoe ing across the hall, went down the stairs, and sure enough found the door unfastened. 1 went in, and groping in tihe darkness, found the blue chintz, removed the key and with the utmnost ease:found and fitted it in the closet door: I found the boots full as easily, locked the door, returned the key to its plnceand went oat as noiselessly as I had entered. I -at down upon the doorstep in the moonlight, drew the shoes upon my bare feet and started out as rapidly as I knew how towards the graveyard, across the-ricefield, through the white looking Tagoon and into the horrid shades of the Dismal Swamp. All night long in my dreams I followed the wild birds or fled from the kiss of the serpents which made their home in the deadly morass. The plover, startled from its nest, brushed by me with a shriek, and once I fancied a long serpent swung from a swamp willow and planted its fangs in my cheeks. lIt when I put out my hand to brush it aside I found that a branch of trumpet vine had swept across my face, the rich, red blossoms dropping the dew from their cops into my lips, which were parched and dry. I was not in the least frightened, hut plunged on deeper and deeper into the vast wilderness. Once I heard the blood hounds baying and knew they were on the track of some runaway slave who had fled to the protecting jungles of the Dismal Swamp. At last I grew -weary and turned homeward. I crossed the lagoon, lying still and white in the gray dawn, and traversed again the ricetield and the lonely path across the graveyard; then I sat down upon the doorstep and removed my long boots, carrying thetm up to my door, where I left them for TLnise to have cleaned. Then I crept to bed and remembered nothing more until nnon, when I awoke to find amy mother bending over me with heavy troubled eyes, as I had seen her many a time w hen some of us were ill. I yawned wearily. ' Mother,' I said, a I went through the Dismal Swamp again in mydreams last night.' ' And the Grn}sville ghost was seen again last night,' sIhe replied, hesita tingly, as if afraid to tell me. ' Who saw it this time T I asked. "Mother '. I sat up in bed, startled and pale with a great fear. I brushed my hand acress ?ry temples to make my tloughts clear. And as I did so I felt a lour, deep cut upon my cheek. '"Mother I tried to say. ' Mother ' And throwing iff the bed covers I sprang cut upon the floor. My long nightdress was spattered and draggled with mire:nay knees were torn and blee-ring. Coekel burrs and m.nrsh mosses were clinging to my hair, but my feet were whit and clean. Instantly I understood it all, and fell with a shriek into my mother's arms. I was the Graysville ghost, and I was the somnambulist who night after night plunged deeper and deeper into the jungles of the Dismal Swamp. They followed my tracks as far as they dared penetrate int3 that deep morass. How I did it is a mystery, but certain it is that, asleep, I had waded alone through the deadly swamp wlhich even in the day I shuddered to think of. TIE END. 