SPARKS. Ball. Tenders, Strike. * Our Lan.is ' Inspection t.- day. Fine weather again. Chain your wheel. The Budge: Spn-ch. Burra v. liiuken Hill. Startling figures — ghost*. Copper, Chili bars, £44 5*. Good nens from tkeODiilry. A painstaking man — a deoti.-l, 830 puints fell daring the week. Rev. G. E. Ro«r-e going to England. Are you going to the ball tbis evening? Mr. Gladstone has funned a new Ministry. Keep your cows away from the public streets, 1Vi!) ibe miners accept freedom of contract i About 300 points oi rain fell at Baldina lasl week. Messrs Elder, Smith and Co's site on Fri day next. The Local Puppy Stake to be run on Sep tember i- Guilty or not gfiilty 7 Guilty your Worship. 5s and costs. The new agreement at Broken frJl! will be tried to-morrow. The Land Board sat at Burra on WednesJay and Thursday. Unionism will show itself to-morrow — one way or the other. The Broken Hill footballers bad a good re ception at Burra. A horse may pull with all his might, but never with its mane. The Land Board gets il very warm from a number of applicants. Grand entertainment to be held in the In stitute on September 6. Don't forget the concert in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall tonight. The word * obey ' is struck out of the Amen can marriage ceremony. Eighteen waltzes are equal to about 14 miles of walking. Just think of it, girls ! The Vem Archdeacon Dove preached at St. Mary's Church on Thursday night last. Have you bad a guess of the seven letters in the advertisement in our back page? The S. A. railways have lost about £4$°°° in revenue through the Broken Hill strike. Ballarat East took a local option vole and closed 39 pubs and paid £34,000 compecsa tion. Have you tendered for the work at Spalding? Tenders received up to Thursday, September I. ' Waiter, tbis steak is much smaller than the one I had yesterday. How's that ?' ? Oh, it comes from a smaller ox.' When a washerwoman changes her place of residence, one may ask her * where she hangs out now ' without using slang. Modern Australians say — 'Man, woman, child, know Faulding's Eucalyptus Oil and Ex tract, and use them freely.' An elderly lady (65) died in the arms of a pastor whilst being immersed at ihe Taber nacle Baptist Church, Talybont, Wales. Leap Year — Rosalie : * What did Jack say when you proposed to him?' Grace : 'He was too frightened to say anything— so silence gave consent. On account of so many school children being stt at Mount Bryan it is very doubtful whether the File and Drum Band will compete in the contest at Gladstone. Magistrate : * If I let you off this time will you promise not lo come back here again?' Prisoner : ? Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn't come voluntarily this time. He (very tenderly) : * Darling, you are the only girl I ever loved ?' She (coqueltishly) : ' Oh, pshaw ! You can't imagine bow much fun yon have missed.' ? You say I was born in London, pa. Where was mother born ?' ' In Dublin.' * And where were you born, pa?' ? In Gloucester.' 'It's very strange, pa, isn't it that we three should have met ?' Man to small boy : ? What's up at the court house this morning ?' small boy : alevee mister. Man *oh, I'll stop and join the company. ' When he got in he found that only a few participated n the levy, and Mr. Gray scooped the pool. He left immediatly. Science has not yet achieved success in rain making, but Faulding & Co. have eminently succeeded in extracting from the Eucalyptus its most salutary and beneficial qualities. Fauld ing's Eucalyptus Oil and Extract of Eocalvplus are the safest and most useful of all household remedies. 'To be forewarned is to be forearmed.' The winter season is now approaching, bringing in its train to the weakly and the strong lung affections and coughs. Let all provide them selves with Faulding's Famous Cough Elixir and Eucalyptus Extract; taken before coughs set in they fortify the organs against attack. All food should be simple and nourishing Heavy bread, cakes, and pastry are injurious to health. We recommend the use of the Phoenix Brand Baking Powder. Bread and cakes made with it are nutritious and beauti fully light. The fasting man. Sued, who was, by a honourable error, as he (errced it, incarcerated in a Paris asylum, has been set at liberty, and is in England again. He new proposes to make the ' scientific experiment ' of talking for three 'ays and nights, neither drinking, eating, norsleepingduring that period ! He proposes to speak on theology, psychology, astronomy, etc. 