; APPEARANCE AFTER DEATH. An Authentic Ghost Story. When ono comes to the question 'of the apparition, pure and simple, one. of the best-known leading cases is that recorded by Lord Brougham, who was certainly one of the hardiest-headed persons that ever lived, a Lord Chancellor, trained' from his youth up to weigh evidence. The Btory is given as follows in the first volume of '' Lord Brougham's Memoirs":— "A most remarkable thing happened to me, so reirtarltuble that I must toll the story from the beginning. After I left tho high school I went with G., my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the univer sity. There was 110 Divinity class, but we frequently in our wulks discussed many grave subjeots — among others, the immor tality of the soul aud a future state. This question and the possibility of tho doad ap pearing to the living were subjects of much speculation, and we actually committed tho folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts wo hadentortained of the 'life after death.' " After we had finished our classes at the conego i. went to auaia, Having gut uu up- pointmont there in tho civil service. tie seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had nearly forgotten his exis tence. . , . Oneday-I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath, and while lying in it and enjoying tho comfort of tho heat I turned my head around, lookingtowards the chair on which I had deposited nty clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. Oil the chair sat G., looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken tho likeness of G., had disappeared. " This vision had produced sttch a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about itevep to Stewart, but tho impression it'made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the wholo history, with the date (December 19), and all the particulars, as they aro now fresh before mo. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that tho appearance presented so distinctly before my eyes was a dream, I cannot for a moment doubt ; yet for years I had had no communication with G., nor had there been anything to recall him to thy recollection. Nothing had taken place concerning our Swedish travels connocted with G., or with India, or with anything re lating to him, or to any. member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion, and - the bargain wo had made. ' " I could not dischargo from my mind tho impression that G. must have died and that his appearurico to me was to be received by me ns a proof of a future state. This was on December 19, 1799. In October, 18G2, J,ord Brougham added as a postscript: 'I liavo just been copying out from my journal the account of this sirange dream, Cortissi- ma mortis imago 1' And now. to finish this strange . story begun about CO years ago. Soon after my return to Ediiiburg there arrived a letter from India announcing G.'s death and slating that he died on Decem ber 19." 