TROUBLED BT GHOSTS. Doctors Declare Williams Sane. Detectives Threatened With Death Melbourne, April 8. The excitement in connection with the Windsor tragedy has abated to some extent, though it is still a leading topic of conversation, and every item concerning the murderer is eagerly read. There are plenty of persons, however, who are not sorry that the enquiry is over. The officers at the electric telegraph offices have had an especially busy time; in fact, they state that never before have they been so deluged with telegrams and cablegrams. Williams passed a very restless night, and appeared troubled in his sleep. Whether or not visions of his victims haunted him has not transpired, but they evidently were hovering above, as he awoke in a very scared state. He tried to appear jolly when he got up this morn- ing, but the effort was very forced. He asked if he had to appear in court, and on receiving a reply in the negative he said—"That's a pity. Why it is the only place for sport that I have got." On Thursday night because he was so restless Dr. Shields ordered him some brandy. He demanded more brandy this morning, and proved very refractory when it was refused. He evidently intends to make things as un- pleasant as possible, but the gaol autho- rities are determined to deal with his little tantrums with an iron hand. It is understood that the defence will ask for an adjournment of the case when it is called on, as arranged, on Friday, April 22, in order that the case for the prisoner may be thoroughly worked up. The Crown, anticipating the defence of in- sanity, had medical men in court to watch the prisoner, and they are all of opinion, that the tactics of Williams were not very clever, and plainly showed that he was only shamming. The coroner intends to recommend Senior-Constable Keane and Constable Davison to the head of the department for the admirable manner in which they carried out the arrangements for the inquest. The police have a clue to the authoress of the threatening letter to the coroner signed " Lillie." They state that the woman suspected is always bothering her head about anything big which the police have in hand, and they describe her as a poetess and an idiot. This morning Detectives Considine and Cawsey received two mysterious com- munications containing a likeness of each officer, clipped from a newspaper, while underneath was sketched a coffin in red ink, with the name of a well-known undertaker written in the corner. It has transpired that Williams did not care about the brandy that he received last night. After he had tasted it he made use of some not very choice ex- pressions, and wanted to know what they called the liquor. He charged Dr. Shields with trying to poison him. 