¶ Tales, etc. · ¶ THE STORY OF A LILAC GOWN. · ¶ BY MATT CRIM. · ¶ It was my grandaunt, Euphemia D`Esterre`s gown ; and when my mother said that I must wear it to the fancy dress party superstitious terror thrilled through me. It lay in an old chest under a heterogeneous collection of D`Esterre relics, and was a peculiarly soft, sheeny lilac silk, made in a quaint fashion, with a slender pointed bodice, puffed shoulders, and a full, straight skirt. Frills of fine, yellow old lace finished off the low neck and short sleeves, and a faint, exquisite perfume lingered in its delicate, shimmering folds. A portrait of my grandaunt — painted in that very lilac gown, by some long for- gotten New Orleans artist — hung over our sitting-room mantel, and many a time I stood before it, brooding over the mystery enshrouding the final fate of the original. · ¶ It was a beautiful picture of a beautiful young woman, with radiant blue grey eves, golden hair, rolled high on her proudly poised head, and lips ready to curve in happy laughter. A cluster of cream white roses drooped against her bosom, and a string of pearls encircled her full, white throat. A curious sym- pathy seemed to exist between me and this fair kinswoman, who had lived, loved, and passed from the earth long before my birth. She had been a belle and beauty in the days when the D`Esterres were rich, with plantations on Red River and a winter home in New Orleans. She was the flower of the family, her father´s favourite, and he had promised her in marriage to one of the wealthiest planters in Louisiana, when he discovered that she had fallen deeply in love with a young man he had em- ployed as overseer, a handsome, culti- vated, but poor young German. There were scenes and violent words, but Euphemia firmly refused to give up her lover until he was proven guilty of the theft of a large sum of money from her father. It was a terrible blow to her, but more terrible still was an account of his death a few weeks after he sailed away to the West Indies. He had died of yellow fever. · ¶ She fell into a state of the deepest melancholy, and, being a devout Catholic, entreated to be allowed to enter a con- vent and spend the remainder of her life in pious works ; but her family refused. They permitted her to convert the dress- ing-room attached to her bedroom into an oratory, and, wisely or unwisely, left her alone for a season, to indulge her grief, to pray for the soul of her departed lover, and to find healing for her own wounded heart. Then they sought to draw her back into the world again, the wealthy suitor re-appeared, and, wearied by arguments and entreaties, she promised to marry him. · ¶ The wedding was to take place on the plantation, and many guests were bidden, and a great feast prepared. · ¶ On her wedding eve Euphemia came down clothed in the lilac gown, cream white roses on her breast, and the string of pearls around her fair throat. Her family were puzzled and indignant, for that gown somehow seemed linked with the memory of her sweetheart, who had died in disgrace. It was a strange whim to wear it the night before her marriage. But the evening passed merrily enough, and at eleven o`clock the bedroom candles were lighted, and she went up the stairs to her room with a smile on her lips, the lilac gown falling around her in soft, shimmering folds. · ¶ It was the last time family, lover, or friends ever looked upon Euphemia D`Esterre. The next morning her room was empty. The pearls lay on the dressing-table, with the withered roses, and a lilac gown hung over the back of a chair ; but the bride, bridal gown, and veil were gone. They looked into the oratory, thinking that she had gone in there to breathe her last virginal prayer before the simple altar, where she had knelt so many times ; but the light shining dimly through the narrow veiled window revealed the sacred place, silent, untenanted. They sought her everywhere, they spent money lavishly, but to no purpose. She had vanished forever. · ¶ Time and the fortunes of war had wrought many changes in the D`Esterre family. My mother, a pale, melancholy young widow, and I — another Euphemia D`Esterre — and Uncle Peter were the last of the family. And we had drifted away from Louisiana to an old mansion on the Chattahoochee, in middle Georgia. Across the river lay the idle, sleepy old town of Magnoliaville, with its shady trees, ivy-covered churches, and inn, rarely visited by a traveller and stranger. · ¶ We had some old silver, my grand- aunt´s picture, the pearls, and the lilac gown. These were all the real treasures we had gathered from the wreck of family fortunes ; and Uncle Peter was the last living link between us and the past. He was a very old man, his black face shrivelled into a network of wrinkles, his shoulders bent, his head white almost as snow. He possessed great pride and dignity. His long life had been spent in the services of the D`Esterres, and he refused to leave them when freedom was proclaimed. · ¶ “ Tu late fo` dat now. I praise de Lawd I gwine die a free man, but I b`long dis family tu long tu leave `em now. Let all go dat feels lack dey wanter, ole Peter gwine stay tel `e dies ; yes, tel `e dies. ” · ¶ And he did stay, and was the favourite playfellow and companion of my child- hood. · ¶ “ Yo`s de las`, Miss Phemy, honey, de las` o` dem all, and yo`s nuff lack Miss Euphemy tu a-been `er twin. Lawd, but dis is er mighty strange worl` — mighty strange, ” he would often say, shaking his white head. He seemed to feel a certain responsibility and care toward me as the last of the family. · ¶ He lived in the little cabin at the foot of the garden, provided for out of our slender income and exempted from all labour ; but he insisted on regarding himself as our servant, weeded the garden, or sat in the wide, bare hall, ready to meet chance visitors and usher them into the barer parlour with old-time ceremony. · ¶ To me a halo of romance surrounded his venerable head. Such stories as he could tell me of the past ! They were highly coloured and delightfully ex- aggerated. My mother, absorbed in melancholy retrospection, left me much to my own devices, and many an evening I spent in Uncle Peter´s cabin, listening to his rambling talk, and questioning him about my ill-fated grandaunt. Nearly all that I had ever learned of her history had been gleaned from his conversations. He would sit at the corner of the hearth, bent forward in his chair, his wrinkled old hands folded on the knob of his walking-stick, the fire- light playing in uncertain, flickering gleams over his black face and kinky white locks. He was a fair type of the old-fashioned plantation negro — simple, superstitious, but shrewd and faithful to his trusts. Of Euphemia D`Esterre he always spoke with reverential pride, but keeping a certain guard over himself, is though he possessed some knowledge he did not want to betray. · ¶ “ She was mighty proud — oh, yes, honey, dey all helt dey heads high ; but she neber was hard on de black folks. She al`ays had er smile or kind word for um, tel bimby she got in dat trubble, en had no smiles for ; ennybody. Ole marse had done jes gimme tu be Mars Albert´s boy, en I was little ; but I see en hear more`n ennybody think I does. I seed `er comin` down de stairs dat night in dat laylock gown, en smilin` so strange lack a chill crepe down my back. De tables was done spread fo` de weddin`, de cakes baked, de silber shinin`, en de fo`ks all done come. Hit would a-been de bigges` weddin` eber on Red River ef Miss Euphemy hadn`t tak en vanished as she did. Lawd, Lawd, what did be- come o` `er ? ” · ¶ He always came round to that hope- less question, shaking his head with a deep sigh. Then, after a reflective pause, he would cast a glance over his shoulder into the shadowy corners of the room, and, lowering his voice to a solemn whisper, say — · ¶ “ Miss Phemy, honey, I feel lack she gwinter come back, lack she gwinter pear tu ole Peter fo` `e dies. ” · ¶ I had listened to the utterance of that superstitious belief countless, times, but repetition could not rob it of its impres- siveness. I ceased to shiver, and feel as though my blood was curdling, but I would cast an awed, half-fearful glance out into the night, almost expecting to see her come floating downward through its solemn gloom, clothed in white raiment, radiant as the stars. · ¶ No wonder a thrill of apprehension chilled my young blood when the lilac gown was suggested as a suitable cos- tume for the first fancy dress party. I had ever known to be given in Magnolia- ville. · ¶ “ It is quaint and lovely, and with the pearls will be quite charming ; and then I have heard that there are visitors, yes, actually three or four visitors in Mag- noliaville, ” said my mother, with a sparkle of animation. · ¶ “ But I don`t want to wear that dress ; indeed, I would rather stay at home than to put it on, ” I faltered, ashamed, yet determined to speak out my fears. · ¶ “ Why, Phemie ! ” she exclaimed, in gentle scorn, “ what nonsense ! You are nineteen years old, and have too few opportunities of going into the world to give up one for a childish whim. I was married at your age, ” sighing softly ; then her eyes strayed from me to the picture. “ How strangely you resemble her. It would really be a fine idea to copy the picture as closely as possible. ” · ¶ “ Oh, mother ! ” I shuddered, but she chided me gently, and I had to yield to her wishes. She superintended my toilet that night, and I trembled when I looked at myself in the mirror, for it was not Phemie D`Esterre, the obscure country girl, but Euphemia D`Esterre, the Louisiana belle and beauty reflected before my startled eyes. The string of pearls around my throat and a cluster of cream white roses completed the illusion. · ¶ Friends were coming over the river for me, and my mother hastened downstairs to be ready to meet them, leaving me to follow more leisurely. A light burned in the lower hall, and Uncle Peter sat in his favourite chair dozing. Did the rustle of my gown disturb him as I stepped softly from stair to stair ? He moved uneasily, raised his head, and, glancing upward, saw me. For a moment he stared vacantly, his dim old eyes clouded with sleep ; but as I drew nearer a dull, ashy hue overspread his face — a convulsive trembling seized him. · ¶ “ Great Lawd ! ef dar ain`t Miss Euphemy now done came at las, ” he muttered hoarsely. “ Honey, I`se been spectin en lookin fo yo menny a day. Dar, dar, don`t come tu nigh, ” raising a shaking hand pleadingly. “ I spect I know what yo come fo. Hit`s `bout dem letters dey tuk, an de way dey treated young marse bout dat money dey made lack e stole. I knowed dar`d be no res fo yo tel yo foun hit all out. Hit wusn`t me, honey. I neber done yo no harum. Hit was old Dan`l. Yo member Dan`l what waited on ole marse en knowed all de comin in en goin out o de place ? Hit wus Dan`l old marse gim dem gold dollars tu, tu he`d git young marse in trubble, tu spy on yo en tu steal da letters what yo writ im. Oh, yes, yes. Peter was mighty young den, des big ernuff tu wait on Marse Albert ; but e know all long how dey wus treatin yo. E watch en listen, but e feered tu speak en e wouldn`t say nuffin arterwards fo de fambly´s sake ; e des keep hit all tu issef. ” · ¶ So there had been fraud and dishonour on the part of my family, and Uncle Peter had kept the secret through all his long life. I was too confused and agitated by the mistake he had made in my identity to fully comprehend all his words at the moment, but later they re- turned clearly to me. · ¶ “ Uncle Peter, ” I cried, “ don`t you know me ? ” · ¶ “ Yes, yes, honey, ain`t I been tellin yo hit wus Dan`l he`ped ole marse break yo po heart, en fit dat money tel foks blieve young marse stole hit. When dar wus no weddin, kase yo done gone whar no man could find yo, Dan`l e pented o is sin, e fine no res fo is soul, e take de money what had been gim tu im in tu ole marse en lay hit down fo im en sez — · ¶ “ ‘ I can`t keep hit marse, hit des burn my hans, des burn my soul. I`m gittin ole, I gwine die menny year, sah, en I can`t go tu de jedgment long o da money ; en den Miss Euphemy she des pear tu me, en she say — “ Dan`l, Dan`l, what yo been doin ? Pent, Dan`l, pent fo de Lawd´s wrath be turned agin yo ! ” I sees er in eber shadder, hears er in eber wins dat blows. She came in de night time en she came in de day time. Oh, marse, take hit back fo de lub o Gawd, en let me be hardes wuked man on de place, so ez I git ease o my trubble. ’ · ¶ “ En Dan`l e des brake down en cry out loud, de tears a-rollin frum is eyes, en ole marse groan en sez — · ¶ “ ‘ She done gone, Dan`l — she done gone, en all de pentin in de worl ain`t gwine bring er back, en thar ain`t nuffin ud ease my trubble. De Lawd´s wrath be on me. Go, ef wuk gwine do enny good, but don`t come nigh me gin. I ain`t blamin yo, Dan`l, but pear lack de sight o yo make me feel wus. ’ · ¶ “ En Dan`l e tuk en go out, en neber look on ole marse face agin. Dan`l e pented o is sin. E live by issef, e see hants en e hear sperits takin, en e wuk all de days o is life. En ole marse e mus a seed hants tu, fo e fine no res tel e die. ” · ¶ He sunk to his knees before me, his white head bowed to the floor. · ¶ “ Trufe what I been tellin, you, Miss Euphemy, all trufe. Now go, `way, honey, go `way, en don`t ax ole Peter to tell enny more tel `e come to die. ” · ¶ I have no words in which to describe the effect of his confession on my excited mind, and how I pitied his fear. I tried yo draw near to him, to convince him of my identity ; but he rose and retreated before me. · ¶ “ Honey, I knows you, I `member how you come down de stairs dat odder night in dat laylock gown. ” · ¶ You can easily fancy that I was in no mood for the party. My friends were charmed with my costume. · ¶ “ And I have a special reason for desiring you to look your loveliest to- night, ” said Mrs. Landsdell, as we made our way down to the ferry. “ We have a stranger with us. ” · ¶ “ A stranger ! ” I echoed, my thoughts still running on Uncle Peter and his strange hallucination. · ¶ “ Yes ; Mr. Herman Vandala, from New Orleans. He arrived only yester- day, to look after some land an agent had bought for him. My dear, he is a splendid fellow, rich, and a pet of society, but not in the least spoiled. He came across the river with us. ” · ¶ We were at the ferry, and in the light of the boatman´s lantern I could see the stranger leaning on the railing guarding the water´s edge. He was slender, and not above medium height, and when he threw his cigar into the water and turned toward us, a curious sensation, convic- tion, I know not which, came over me, that I had met him before ; that his dark, handsome face, and clear, winning eyes were familiar to me. I stammered when introduced, and stumbled so awkwardly when he held out his hand to assist me into the boat, that my cloak dropped to the ground. It was his turn to lose composure. He grew very pale, and stared at me as though I embodied a ghost. · ¶ “ I beg your pardon, ” he murmured ; my wraps were restored, and I sank tremblingly to the seat. · ¶ ( To be concluded next week. ) · 