HEMTNISCENCES AND ANECDOTES, "WITH HINTS ON THE GAME. By RICHARD DAFT, Member of the All-England Eleven, Ex Captain of Notts County. Captain of the Anglo-American Team 1S79, &c; , &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Mr Cricket in the Reason op 1S91. Although the summer which has just eome to an end was such an unpropitious one for the national game, it has proved to me to have been my most successful season with the bat which I have had since my retirement from first-class cricket, ten years ago. I scored runs in all; including my four innings for the county (which I have again represented in three matches) 1,275 runs and was ten times not out and played altogether 35 innings for an average of 51. For some reason or other I never felt more fit for rungetting since I first began to play. I believe I was only once cleaned bowled out during the season, and yet, strange to say, I never got any practice whatever except having a few balls before the match began.- I made over a century on four occa sions and scored 93 at Skegness in almost my last match against Ha'rrison of Yorkshire, who bowled splendidly against me all through my innings. But apart from my doing so well throughout the season, the year 1S91 must be an important and an interesting' one on another account—my re-appearance, after ten years' absence, in first-class cricket. It.happened in this wise: Shrewsbury being disabled by an injury he received in the Glou cester match at Nottingham and being for this reason unable to take part in the great match of the year (Notts v. Surrey at the Oval), the committee thought it advisable to substitute me for bim. I was in fine form at the time and scored 107 on the-Saturday before journey ing up to London on the Sunday before Bank holiday. It was indeed a strange coincidence that it should be against Surrey that I was again to be pitted, , as it was against this county, the champion then as now, that I first represented my own shire and on the same ground two and thirty years ago. • I have spoken but little of the feelings I ex perienced on that, .to me, important occasion. We lost the toss and I took up my position at point, a place in which I have scarcely ever figured. Although I tried my utmost to keep my attention on the game going on my thoughts would stray away of themselves to memories of other days. I thought of that match played over thirty years ago and of tho3e who took part in it, and tried to reckou up how many were now alive of the two old elevens and how many had been bowled out by the great bowler, Death. So absorbtd was I in these reflections at one part of the game that I verily believe that if I had seen the ghost of old Julius Casar or Tommy Loekyer appear at the wickets bat in hand I should not have felt muoh astonishment. How I should have laughed if, at that match of 1859, anyone filled with the spirit of prophecy had said to me, "You who are now twenty-two years of age and weigh but 10 St. will in'thirty-two years time again represent your county on this ground at the aee of fifty five and weighing 14 at." Yet so it was. The particulars of the second Notts and Surrey match of 1891 are so well known to #veryone that it would be useless to record them here. My turn to bat came on the second day of the match, when, as on the day before, there was an enormous crowd present. On my leaving the pavilion for the wickets I was received with such an outburst of applause as perhaps neither 1 nor any other cricketer ever ex perienced before. Much as I have valued all the hearty recep tions I have received and the kind things that have been written of me during my long career, yet I declare solemnly I never felt such a thrill of gratitude as when I heard that mighty shout ascend from the vast multitude assembled on that time-honored enclosure and for some minutes T was deeply affected. If 1 had been accorded this welcome at home I Bbould not have felt it so much, but to be re ceived in this manner on the ground where I played my first great match was indeed affeot ing. During the three or four days I was in London I met many old friends. Mr. 17m. Burrup, the respected honorary secretary of Surrey in my time, attended the match each day and presented me with his photograph. General Marshall I also met and lunched with, and had a chat over old times with Mr. C. F. Buller. I also dined with the Hon. Ohaudos Leigh at his club, with whom I have played many times in the old days. Every one seemed pleased to see me, and my recollections of this great match will ever form some of the plea santest I ever experienced. My next county match was at Clifton against Gloucestershire, and thus I again had the pleasure of playing against the great W. G: Grace and his brother, E. M. Here also I was most kindly received by both players and spectators. During the same week I played at Trent Bridge against Middlesex. £ The only disagreeable feature of my three county matches of this year was the wet and cold weather, which stopped play time after time and reduced the wickets to such a state at times as to make them almost unfit to play on. At this last match at Trent Bridge I was surprised and pleased to meet a very old friend whom I had not seen for five-and-twenty years. This was Mr. \V. Willis, the eminent Q.O., who on seeing in the papers that I was to play against Middlesex cams down from • London on purpose to see me, bringing his two sons with him. Mr. Willis accompanied me to my house at Radcliffe. where we went through all my old photographs and books on the game, but it appeared to me that Mr. Willis had no need to look at any books on cricket, for he seemed to recollect] all particulars of almost every match in which I had taken part for the last thirty years and called to my mind many things which I myself had till then forgotten. I also took him on a pilgrimage to the grave of my dear old friend George Parr. Mr. Willis used regularly to come to Lord's and the Oval to our matches 30 yearn ago, generally bringing with him several volumes connected with the law, which he wonld study at intervals during the match when his attention was not engrossed by the cricket. I have at these ti mes often accom panied him to tea at his" chambers in the Temple; and the conversations which it was my privilege to enjoy with him at these times formed one of the most agreeable recollections of my past life. During this season I have both played against and with the great bowler George Iiohmann—against him at the oval and on the same side with him at Skegness last September. I had known little of Lohmann previously, but I know him better now and have found him to be one of. the nicest and most gentlemanly fellows I ever met on or off the cricket field. Another unexpected pleasure I have had this year in playing once more against that fine batsman, the Hon. Alfred Lyttleton. The match was an Eleven of Notts v. the Eton Ramblers at Trent Bridge. I scored 40 not out myself, and Mr. Lyttleton told me he could see no difference in my batting to when he first knew me except that I hit a little harder. If Mr. Lyttleton was able to pay me this compliment I was able to return it after he had been in to bat, for he scored over SO not out by some of the finest cricket I had seen for ft long time, and I could not help regretting .that the oricket-loving public had seen so little of this fine player of late years. Such cricketers as Mr. Lyttleton are indeed few and far between. His brother, Mr. C. G. Lyttleton, was a very similar player, however, and just as good I believe, and Mr. Edward was as fine a bat as any. He let nothing off that required hitting, and yet one never saw him make an incorrect stroke. There was nothing cramped about his batting. Every movement he made was entirely free from all restraint. ! -At the end of the past season" an admirable little autobiography of myself appeared in "Cricket" written by the Rev. R. S. Holmes, -of Wakefield, and of the many kind things he •says of me therein I take this opportunity of ano3t heartily thanking him. Another very clever article on my reappear- | anee in county cricket was published in Bores' Sporting Notes and Sketches," by Leatherhunter." I have not the honor of .knowing the gentleman who writes under this nom de plume, but hope I may do some day. That he is a thorough judge of the game I am convinced. I was greatly struck by the sense of_ his remarks, not only of myself, bub of cricket generally. ■My old friend, the once famous Oris Tinley, I have onoe before bad the pleasure of meeting again this season. His health, I regret to say, isi not what could be desired. A. graceful com pliment was paid him on his 60ch birthday, which fell a few weeks age, by his friends and admirers presenting him with purse of £60. Mr. J. Cartwrighb, of Derby, one of the greatest enthusiast enthusiasts I ever met, was the one to get up the testimonial. I cannot cloBe my remarks on the season of 1891 without mentioning an important, and to many, a sad event. I mean the death of ™?e ^teran, George Parr, who expired on the 23rd of June, after a long and painful illness. i BaWi,Iny P°°r old friend laid to rest with a branch of the tree—known by his name on the Trent Bridge,ground—over his grave, and the trunk of whioh has received many a hard knock from the ever memorable and unequalled leg hits of this magnificent batsman. 