THE SILENT SEA. Bt Antarlo, Author of "An Australian Girl." Chapter XXXIX. It was on the sixth day aftor her roturn from Colombo that Miss Pagot henrd tho first rumor of Victor's abrupt departuro for England or tho Cape of Good Hope. Thcro scorned to bo a diffcrenco of opinion as to his destination, oven among thoso who knew tho most, and in the end she found that no one knew very much, except by implication. It was at a garden party she henrd tho tidings— at the samo house, nnd nenr-the solf same spot on which Victor three months beforo had charged her with inventing melancholy. Tho cntortainmont was given in honor of a German nobleman who bad travollcd all over tho old world and tho now, chiefly with tho result of proving that cosmopolitan dining did not impair his digestion. Tho bouse was modo- rntely old, ah wo rcokon oge iu Australia, and tho surroundings pioturcsquo. Tho sea was quite near, and the grounds laid out in lawns, and numerous walks lined with old world trees mingled with thoso of native growth. Thore wero winding lanes almost buried in shrubs and creepers, and the daintily trimmed lawns were sprinkled with dwarf yellow honeysuckles, scented verbena, daphne bushes, and mauy others of tho perfutno breathing kiud. It was a warm day about thomiddleofDcccmber, and tho sunshine seemed to extract their inmost essences from flowers and leaves, so that tho air was loaded with perfume which, in places, might be too heavy, wore it not for the fresh, keen savor of the eca breezes. Miss Paget, with her father and Professor Codrlngton, wore among the last to arrive. " It is all tho fault of tho Delphin Or- don," she said, excusing herself to tho hostess smilingly. "Oh, don't ask mo what it is ! I only know it is shelves of old books, over which old learned gentlemen cannot keep the peace." "But Professor Codrington is not oh old as your father, Helen," returned the hostess, with a menning smile which made Miss Paget feel sure that already the puudlt's mild infatuation for herself was tho subject of gossip ; for it was a foot that his intimacy with Miss Paget opened tho Professor's mind for tho first time to the thought that to form tho subjeot of cquivooal odes in the dead languages was not woman's solefunotion. There, were over 300 people present, not counting- tho large blonde Count, who was tbo centro of attraction. Miss Paget, nfter chatting with a group of ladies near tho hostess, passed on with her father and his friend, talking to scores of people, many of whom tliey saw for tho first timo sinoo their return. There was a band playing, and on every side muoh talk and laughter. Miss Paget, in ono of her most becoming gowns, and with a constant succession of smiles, did honor to the occasion. But anyone observing her closely would have noticed an expression of anxious scrutiny, of inquiring observation, in her face as sho looked round her from time to time. AVould Victor mako his appearance perhaps to-day ? If not, she would, at any rate, surely fall in with someone who could perhaps throw light on what was beginning to. look like a mystery, nnd which, whether it was a mystery or not, filled her with insupportable apprehen sions. Victor's telegram, saying that ho would be in town on the evening of the day she landed, had awaited her on reaching home. It had been sent after his telegram to her at King George's Sound. She looked for him to come oh Saturday evening, after the arrival of the late north train. But he neither enme nor sent. On Sunday sho made an exousc of not feeling well, and stayed at home from church, thinking he might turn np at any moment. Had something detained him at tbo minet Or wob he ill? Or— yes, she had said to horsclf repeatedly during the past fow weeks that a .certain ohange hod come ovor Victor's letters ; and tho thought was confirmed when sho found that thore was nothing beyond a telegram for her at the Sound. But then it was delightful that he should hurry down tho very day she returned. And she resolved that sho would bIiow all tlie joy she felt. She would voluntarily shorten tbe timdpf probation, and their engage ment would bo announbed forthwith — that is, if thero was nothing wrong ; and if there v/as— — Sho did not try to fnco the alterna tive. " I suppose I shall pull through some how," she thought, nnd tho words fairly express the hiotory of the succeeding days of Btrained suspense. She had nhoalK of visitors, and a ruHh of all sorts of social engagements. On the Tuesday succeeding their return her fathor spent hours with her, arranging a list of tlia friends he wished to be . asked to a succession of small dinner parties, to meet Professor Codring ton, before they wont away to Port Callunga for their . annual stay at the seaside. Though Mr. Pagot thought that ho was easily bored, his partiality for thix form of entertainment in his own house, under his daughter's care ful supervision, had, up to this, resisted tho combined inroads of age, dulucsB and monotony. There wore tho momentous questions as to the relations between oertain people — as to tho advisability of asking two men at once, other wise suitable, but whose wives couspired iu boing so immovably stupid that no party of 10 could anrvivb such absolute dead weights, kc.t ad in - Jhiilu\iu Then thore was tho even more import ant tusk of deciding on soups and entries and wines to suit the company. It seemed as if the discussion would never, never come to an end. Yot Miss Paget did not flinch, though each timo tho door boll rang, or the sound of footsteps passed tho half opon door of tbo morning room, in whioh this domestio conclave wns hold, her heart was in her throat with the question, " Ib it Victor?" "My dear Helen, why do you persist in having the door open ?" her father oried at last in a tone of irritRtion, seeing her eyes fastened on it when there was a subdued murmur of voices in tho hall "It is almost the sole point in whioh you seem to betray your Australian origin," pursued Mr. Paget, who felt that tho subject was serious enough to call for a digression from tho point on hand. "Pro fessor Codrington said, only tho other day, that in your society be quite lost Bight of your not being English born." At another time Miss Paget would doubt less have indulged in some mental or audibio remark, as to the comic inability under which Professor Codrington,. like the majority of tho deeply respectable British middle classes, la bored, of being absolutely uuablo to imagiuo people aro civilised in a country not even mentioned in their parents' geographies. But just thon tho merely said, with the greatest meekness, " Did he, papa ? I am glad, for I am suro it would worry him to havo one difforont from tho pcoplo ho is used to. , . . But about the door. I would Booner have it a little ajar if you do not mind much. I find it so eloso ; I seem to need more air these last few days — as if I had a little touch of fever." Mr. Pagot involuutarily drew back. " I hopo to goodness, Helen, you are not going to fall ill, with all these arrangements on hand. I wish you would lot that maid who has been taken ill go to the hospital." " I assure you, papa, that has nothing to do with it. It is chiefly my throat ; it sometimes ails a little like this iu the early summer." Her father resumed his suggestions and instructions, and Miss Pagot did not allow her eyes to wander ugaiu towards tho door. But when the conference was over she went out and took a cab off the nearest stand, nnd wont into the General Post Offico in tho oity, and seut a mensago to Viotor at the Colraar ; " Have you been unable to leave ? Please scud an immediate answer." That was all, bosido her Dame nnd and address. The reply c&mo; as tbey were leaving to go to thu theatre. It was from tho post and telegraph master at Colmar, with whom Victor had been on vory friendly terms, and tho answer wns : " Mr. Fitz-Gibhon left hero early on Friday morning." " Is that from anyono unable to como to dinner to-morrow, Helen ?" said her father, after they got into tbe carriage. " Oh no, papa ; it's a mere bagatelle — nothing so important as that," she managed to say with a smile, and all the time her heart was throbbing liko the throat of a singing bird. Ch, how sick sho was getting of this double life, and of everything around licr : tbe great situations in dramas, whioh produoo an immense effect, and the small situations in life that make no outward ohange at all, and yet paralyso tho very springs of action. On the next day, AVodnosday, they had their first dinner party— soven of their most intimato neighbors. Mrs. Tillotson was not among the number. Her daughter Jane had influenza, and the good lady was waging an internecine strifo with tho nurso and doctor on the subject of nntipyrine, reading oxtraots to the patient out of the wrong magazines, and goading her son- in-law to desperation, by imploring him each morning at breakfast, and every evening at din ner, to havo new and more enlightened advice ab to the stato of his lungs. "Yes, my dear Jane, lam glad to say, in ft littlo better. AYhat it has eost mo to savo her from being the victim of nntipyrine I would not like to tell you I However, I havo the consola tion of having done my duty, nnd I am coming homo to-morrow," sho Raid to Helen, when they met at the gardon party on Thursday, whore here and there, through tho vistas of shadowy foliage, shimmering expanses of tho Southern Ocean caught the eye. It was ou a slight rise at tho end of an olm avenue, commanding one of theso views, that Miss Paget Qrst caught sight of Mriu Tillotson, Bitting with another old friend on a rustic bench under a big gum tree. "You must tell me all the news— you know how hungry one is for news after being away so long," said Miss Paget, who had been fevorishly anxious to seo Mrs. Tillotson, feeling suro she would bo one of the first to hoar if anything strange or unusual had happened to "Mrs. Fits- Gibbon's boy." But she did not mention his name. She made Helen sit down beside her, and drenohed her with showers of vapid tw&ddio;, or what seemed so to her listener, who was indeed tired to death of porplexity and doubt and wonder. Onoe or twioo sho essayed to say in a careless tone, "I wonder whether Viotor Fitz-Gihhon is still at the mino but after Baying "I wonder," she gavo the sentence a new turn, aud the longer she delayed, tho more impossible it became to utter the words without a violent effort or betraying too much emotion. All through the previous evening she had felt that uho might at any moment stop out of tho room from her smiling guests, into one adjacent to meet tho tragedy of her life. ... "A tragedy only to myself, no matter what hap- pons," she thought. To these people, to evory ono else, it would bo a story to smile and wink over, A women of her years breaking her heart ovor a boy just out of his teens ! She cherished no illusions— sho did not spare berscU— but this did not lessen the pangs sho endured, Sho had come out to-day determined in somo way to ond the suspense- to ask anyono or everyone who would bo likely to know. " But at least he has not been killed or had a bad accident— there would be a paragraph in tho papers," she said to horself, as tho two old friends between whom sho sat gossiped on, and sho sat staring at somo white sailed boats on the blue waves at tbo end of the avenue, motionless, as if asleep, with the shadow looking exactly like the substance, ovon to tho tear at the tip of one of the sails. She knew the scene was ono over which some pcoplo would rave as being very beautiful, but thore was not a fibre of her nature that vibrated to its charm. It gave kor rather & feeling akin to ropulsion, almost ono of helpless torror, lileo tho prcscnoe of a groat, ercno implacable force profoundly indifferout to tho sorrows and destinies of human beings. Sho saw her fathor and Professor Codrington walking towards & marquee, nc&r; whioh tbo band was playing. Sho thought of asking her two old friends to come in a devious direction towards tho same centre, on th&cliancc; of meet ing someone who would know something of Victor, of meeting himself, perhaps. At that moment somo words spoken between two Indies, who bad met just behind tho rustio benoh on which she sat, caught her ear. " Gono away in a sailing ship ? Didn't he write to tell anyone?" "No, not a word. In fact, none of us in town know ho had loft the mino till father heard from the captain— you know they call the men who mannge the mines captains. Ah, how do you do, dear ? Isn't it too lovely ? Tho band, and the views, and tbo count — such a droll oroaturo ! . , . I hear ho speaks evory known tongue." " Ah, tho version I heard is that bo eats evory known tongue, down to that of a jew lizard, and you know what used to be his waist is on my side of the story." Miss Paget had risen oh oatching the first words about one who " had gone away in a Railing ship." Tho speaker, as she had divined by the voice, was Miss Stuart Drummond, talk- iug to two or three other young ladies. Tho now comor was Miss Mason, fianeie of Victor's elder brother. She caught sight of Miss Fagot, and camo for ward to speak to her. "Doesn't the sea look exquisite just from tbis point of view?" said Miss Paget, lend ing hor a littlo away from the rest. She had not seen them, but a troop of sea gulls op posite tho avenue vista, circling widely over some booty of the waves, with outspread nnowy pinions, nnd faint complaining calls, gave a special point to tho scene. Miss Mason, feeling sho was expected to admire it all, mado somo polite remarks, and then spoko of Colombo. Miss Paget must have enjoyed it very much ; nnd then the getting homo was always so nice. AVnan't it whilst she was away that poor dear old Mtb. Ridley died so sud denly ? " Yes, and do you know sinoe I o&mo; bore I heard a curious little rumor " "Oh, about Victor Fitz-Gibbon ? Isn't it tho mostcurious nffair? But it can only he some whim, you know. There is nothing whatever amies to account for it, as is so ofteu tbe oase when peo ple go off liko that, without saying a word to anyone." Mid3 Pagot had rightly judged that Miss Mason would know all thero wob to tell. Sho went over in dotnll all that had boon learned, and what Lance said and thought. A'ictor bad written indefinitely of coming to town before Christmas. " Wo thought when he caiine down that he would be sure not to go back egain, for, after all, it was a littlo absurd, his going there at alt And now ho won't be at our wedding." " It U to be soon ?" " In three or four weeks," answered tho girl, with a dimpling amilo; "and Viotor wns to bo beat man. Oh, I shall scold him ! You know Lnnco is almost suro ho must have written, and that the letters wore some how lost— perhaps entrusted to somo 4 sun downer,' like poor old Bertie Gyayson's letters, when he wasn't henrd of from that station beyond anywhero, for months and months. As ib is, no one had a letter from him but the manager of the mine." Tho theory of lost letters was confirmed by Miss Paget's own exporionce, though she oould net make use of the confirmation. But it di.l not seem to bo much needed. None of bis people woro greatly disquieted, only amazed and a little iuelined to bo vuxed at him. 44 If his mother were here, you know, sho would be distracted ; but wo others take it calmly enough," Lance Fitz-Gibbon cxplaiued to Miss Paget a few minutes later. 44 But I don't suppose ib would havo happened if tho mAter wero at home," ho added : 44 indeed I sometimes think pcrhnps it was on account of some letter from her he went. I found out that tho English mail Imd been delivered tho day beforo ho left. Only why go by a tub of a sailing vessel, and from Tort Follow ? It seems as if tho boy had deter mined on something, and wanted to avoid all the bother and fuss of talking it ovor with people." 44 Ho wrote nothing to you in a letter, then, or anything of that sort ?" 44 Not a syllablo. AYo didn't write to each other very often, you kuow. I bnd somo idoa of having an inquiry mado, but uncle pooh-poohed tho thought as every thing was no clear— his letter posted to the mine mauager, and his letters and cards left at the inn." It wns more tho anxious, questioning look in Miss Paget's face that made Fitz- Gibbon go ovor theso details than any real anxiety in his own mind. She w&s; at first too startled to adopt the explanation, supported by everything except direct proof. Afterwards it amazed her that she should in so short a time adopt the sugges tion that, strange as Victor's abrupt departuro war, yet it afforded no reasonable ground for anxiety. Of her own special reasons for lying aw&ko; at night, and getting up restlessly before dawn kindled tho sky, of growing pale and losing her appetite, she was of courso muto as tbo dead. On the scoond day after hearing tho news Miss Fagot horrified herself by going into a fit of violent hystoricR for tho first timo in hor life. Tho servants' wondor, hor fnthcr's shocked amuzoment, and his insistence in sondlng for his doctor, and explaining that his daughter had Bobbod nnd oriod at tho pi toll of her voioo, ns she had novcr done in childhood— nil wcro de tail full of such keen annoyance that for a short timo sho oould think of nothing che. Bho took herself to task severely for sucoumhiug too easily to thoso fears that had boen in tho hack ground from the first. Henceforth, amid the conflict of hor thoughts, sho clung to tho boliof that Viotor could not have gono ns he did with out somo good rcAHon nltogothcr unconnected with liar, and that no reason would havo in duced him to go without writing to hor. His lottor was lost, and until furthor tidings camo sho would not allow hor fears and doubts to gain tho upper hand. Sho bent herself resolutely to a disposal of her days that would leave no idlo moments, . Sho gavo moro of her timo to household duties, | trying to win back some of the old girlish sonso of elation in tho perfect order and complete ness of tho household of whioh «lio was mistress ; going oftencr into the groat bright airy kitohon, with its tiled walls nnd floors of Hpotlcss purity, its gleaming utensils of plated ware and ooppcr and agate, and its wido rango so pcrfeotiy ad justed that it would almost cook of itself. Sho supervised some repairs to. the servants' rooms, with their pretty outlooks and flowers growing at the windows. Sho went 'now and then, ns in olden times, for a chat with them in thoir sitting room, into whioh she had oonvoyed so many artistic kniok knacks, till somo of her older friends solemnly warned her against making her servants' lives so luxurious that thoy would bo unfitted for their own sphere in life. Had she ovor undertaken anything in which somo danger was not found to lurk? But all other dangers, roal or imaginary, sank info insignificance com pared to this, of finding her wholo life mado wasto and void, by oentring all Its vital interests on an unrequited attachment. It w&s; with a sort of vAguc terror of tliis that sho took up hor old pursuits with Increased ze&l; and method. Sho wont moro frequently to charity meet ings, visited the destituto asylum and tho hospitals and the suffering poor with steadfast regularity. Aud then all during the first wook aftor she learned the inexplicable tid ings of Victor's departuro thero was the suc cession of diuner parties, whioh claimed so much attention. The stir in tho household created by suoh parties, the sound of boating nnd pounding tho fragrant essences and condiments that impreg nated the atmosphere, the savor of roasts and joints, of sauces nnd dainty soups, often affected her with a feeling that amounted to n&usan.; But she want through nil tho duticB of n careful hostess with relentless exactitude. Sho tripped down tho broad stairs, shimmering in delieato summery fabrics, to await hor guests, and said the right things at tho right moment as seriously as if tho dearest aim of her being was com passed, when, on bidding her father good night, lie said — "AVell, Helen, I think our littlo party wout off very well." And, as a matter of fact, sho tried vory hard to mako herself realiso that in the midst of so much that was maimed and spoiled in tho world through sheer poverty, tho rich, flexible, delicately adornod aspects of life had & distinct value of their own. And thus somehow time woro on till nineteen days had passed from the ono on which Miss Paget heard, the news of Victor's departure. And now it was the 2nd of January. She had for the first time evaded the annual sojourn with hor father at Port Callunga— at least for tho first four weeks. It was possible for hor to do this without iucornmoding him, bocauso Professor Cod rington bore him company, and tho older and more experienced sorvants oould bo relied on to do everything for their ma terial comfort. Their mental harmony' must largely depend on their conclusions regarding tho Cretia, and tetrameter-iambio metres. . Miss Paget felt that the seclusion of Fort Callunga, with its beautiful monotony and tho unbroken loneliness of seashore, would be more thon she could bear, while sho watched nnd waited for tidings, and counted tho days till it would bo possible to get a cablegram from Victor. Tbo serious illness of one of the maids gave hor sufficient excuse for staying at Lancaster House, and her father agreed to the Arrangement, with that docility whiolx always characterised ! him, when ueitber his pursuits nor dinners wero threatened by tho vagaries of mau or woman kind. 44 Bat about Mrs, Tillotson, . Helen?" he said, a few days before his departure. 44 1 would not like to say anything unkind ; but without you to liston to her fears about her in vestments and her sons-in-law " 44 Of course Mrs. Tillotson stays with mo, papa. AVliy" — with a rising smile— 44 1 am not quito sure that it would be proper for her to go with you and Professor Codrington, and all those reckless motres." Sinoo she was left a widow, six years pre viously, Mrs. Tillotson had spent part of most summers with the Pagets at the sea side. But she, too, found reasons for being better contented to stay just then at Lan caster House, instead of going to Callunga. Sho had let her house furnished, at an exor bitantly high ront, to a newly enriched Sil ver King, and she wanted to keep an eyo oti tho promises. Then Jnno wns really very deli cate, though George would not or could not see it, nor take nny steps to go away for part of the summor. But «he, at lensfc, had her eyes open, and would try to do her duty, and her duty was not to be beyond reach if Jane should want her. ... As for Matilda, she was so takeu up with embroidering altar cloths, and" so devoured with griof at the spread of 44 heresy," that a mere mother hardly counted in her life at nil. . . . But George was more like a ghost than over, and if he really became ono, no doubt Jauo would remember that hor mother was still living. And then there were those Banjoowau- gie shares. Sho had implored Richard to put tbe last mouey that fell in from mortgages into something that would be quite, quite safe, and now, after paying suoh high dividends, these shares wero steadily going down. That was so often the way with mines after thoy had been worked for a littlo time. Mrs. Tillotson' first care each morning was to glaucc over the share lists in tho daily papers, and her spirits 'would rise and fall with the Banjowangios, id a way that Miss Fagot would no doubt have found trying if she had not been partly oblivious of the matter. As long as her companion put in a sympathetic monosyllable now and then, Mrs. Tillotson gently pottered on in tbc manner of an insensitive, self involved, garrulous woman, who takes no impression from nny personality foreign to her own, Each day furnished her with events, visits and conver sations that kept her in a gentle simmer of in dolent- aotivity. On the d&te; mentioned, the two sat on a verandah overlooking a shadowy part of tho lawn, ot 2 o'clock in tho afternoon, when Lance Fitz-Gibbon came in through tho sido gate. On seeing him Miss Paget turned very pale. 44 You will bo suiprincd at my crrond," he said, by way of preparing hor, when she had stepped in with him to a morning room that opened on tho veraudah. Sho murmured something by way of reply, nnd then bo handed her a little note. The lines woro wavering and uncertain, but not more so than her sight. AVhen the letters ceased to danco before her eyos, she read theso words : 44 Dear Helen, 44 Can you come to me at once ? The journey has knocked mo up so muoh that Lance insists on my resting. 44 Yours, 44 Viotor." "He is at the house in which I lodge, leas than half a mile away," Fitz-Gibbon said, meeting her eyes as she looked up in hopeloss bewilder ment, after slowly reading this note the second timo through. To get a hat and a pair of gloves and a sun shade, to excuse her absence to Mrs. Tillotson for on hour or so, and to find herself walking rapidly beside Fitz-Gibbon to his lodgings in Jeffrey-street, was the work of a few minutes. On the way he told her all he knew. Four days ago a telegram camo to him from tho Broom- bush Creek privato hospital from Victor, saying he was well enough to travel. He bad siartod for tho diggings at ouce, aud returned by the .first north train that day. Viotor insisted on travelling straight through, and wished to drlvo to Lancaster House direct from t)ie railway station, which Fitz-Gibbon had prevented his doing by promising that ho would at onee bring MIbs Paget to him. They had leached the house before Miss ' Pngot comprehended that tho report of Viotor's departuro from Fort I'ellow was absolutely untruo — that bo had boon hurt, and lying in somo place unknown to him for two weeks, according to tho date of his admission to the hospital, whither lie was taken by some person in a hawker's waggon. Ho had boen unoon- aoiouo for days in tho hospital, nnd for days, whon ho tried to explain whero ho had been ami how he had been hurt, his talk was taken to be tho dolirium of fever/ Indeed, ho w&s; not free from fovor now. It would bo bettor to post pone talking of the mysterious events, as far as possible, till ho w&s; stronger. Thoy had tctograpliod to tho mine manager, and wore going to put tho in tho hands of the police. Miss Paget llstoned ns if she were walking in a dream. But amidst all the confusion an<l Inexplicable mystery, one thought rose up etear nnd beautiful ns a star. His first anxioty was to seo her. Tho weary, ondless days of straiued perploxity and harassing unoertainty liad tried hor tnotc than she herself know. Now it wae ns though a great load wcio suddenly takon off, but as if sho wcro too weak and weary from the burden to feel greatly relieved. But soon sho would be rested, and able to rejoice that her dismal apprehensions and mistrusts woreovor and past. But even as Bho waited in the drawing room, while Fitz-Gibbon went to tell Victor that sho had oomc, n fooling of exquisite happi« noss stole ovor licr. 44 O, God, I thank Thoo I It is more happiness than I havo dared to hope for 1" wore tho words that rose in her heart. . . . The noxt moment she was following Fitz- Gibbon into tho room in whioh Viotor was resting. (To be continued.) 