LONDON TABLE TALK* fFrom our Special Cnrreenoodenh?* London. Kovecaber 11. 1802. The modett request of the impudent fanatic, Beaufort, that be might follow, the Lord Mayor's precession, with two anti-Popery waggons on Wednesday was politely refused by the new chief magistrate, who did not choose to rtcognife a gross ioeulo in the pro posal. Alderman Knill promises to be a success at the Mansion House. The conscientious firmness and yet common sense which be has displayed ra reconciling bis dut-.es as Lord Mayor wilh his religious scruples have been now generally recognised, and thrbuchout his long journey to the Law Courts and back in the huge gils coach his lordship was cordially chtered. Of the show there is little to be said. Since- Sir James Whitehead cub down the theatrical ele ment it ha? each year beonme less and less conspicuous. Alderman Knill did not, like Sir James, dare to excise the ridiculous emblematical cars altogether, but he confined himself to a couple. Upon these shivering supers represented, the trade and commerce of London and the goldsmiths' craft. The other component parts of the display were both sensible and smart. The fire brigades especially mustered in gi eat force and -excited warm ad miration by their grand physique aod excellent marehiag. The two new sheriffs, Mr- Wjlkin and Mr. Eenals, have no special record as jet. That they are, iowever-;men of strong views is shown by the fact that they have resolved to exclude both the public «nd- the press from Neill's execution. The verdict in the diamond brooch case has given the profounde;t satisfaction in military circles, Mrs. Smyth, being aa unpopular as Mrs. Leader is the reverse. The former belongs 4o tho ' elderly puas'n' genus of females, -whereas Mrs. Leader is a ^ery hand Eome-kisdly-looking woman. Everyone now condemns tbe former roundly for suspecting ? her friend, but as a shrewd solicitor (who predicted to me to a penny the amount of damages the jury would award) said — ' Women sre the very deuce about jewellery, and moat of them would have behaved just as spitefully.' He added that he had conetantly to settle difficulties for ladies who made reckless charges of theft against their servants on -^ evidence which was really bo evi dence at all, but - which seemed con vincing to' them. Mr. Leader's friends maintained that anyone who knew her «nght to hare felt certain ifc was more iikcJy she Bad fallen a victim to a series of strange coincidences than' that she had purloined the brooch. This may be, but it must be remem bered that the coincidences were numerous and formed, till the weakness of same of the links were exposed, a yery pretty chain of cir cnmstantial evidence. Moreover, the plaintiff's . cross-examination seriously damaged her case. i One is still amazed to remember how very little, considering the r-eceipt of Captain French's unlucky present, Mrs. LeftSer| could recall She was unable to say where toe parcel came from, whether it was registered oi not and faow id was stomped. Ask any lady friend or relation of years to say in what manner some present you sent her was done up, yon will find she'll tell yon pretty well every thing about it. Apparently, however, the receipt of a diamond brooch was such an ordinary commonplace incident to Mrs. Leader that she never even mentioned it to her guest and daily and hourly companion, Mies Wheeler. A strong point on the other hand of the plaintiff's .case was the evidence of Mrs. Forteous and of the soldier servant, who had frequently seen Mrs. Leader's brooch. The servant bad noticed it, particularly on the occasions he cleaned the jewellery in Egypt', and Miss Forteous bad borrowed it once for an evening. Now, I could fancy Mrs. Leader's husband and sisters perjuring them Belves for her sakj, but not a comparative acquaintance or a servant). Then the jeweller who sold Mrs. Smyth her brooch could not find his private mark on the one shown to hira in court. He opined, moreover, the latter had been but- little used, whereas Mr__. Smyth had sworn she had used hers continuously for yearq. Experts differed as to whether the brooch fitted the case JNfrs. Leader declared belonged to it. The jury thought it did. They Md great stress upon Mrs. Smyth's action in alter ing the date of her loss horn the 22nd of Sep tember, 1391, to the 21st, when she found Mrs. Leader had undoubtedly offered the br.iooh for sale on the latter-day. If Mr?. Leader's counsel conld have shown for certain the brooch was . not lost till the 22nd he would have knocked the bottom out of the- case at once as effectually as though be had been able to call the ghost of Captain French. Unfortu nately documentary evidence went to show Mr?. Smyth really had made a mistake to begin with, and that the date of her loss was tbe 21st. Mr. Lock wood made a great deal also of Mrs. Leader having £540 in the bank at this time, but the fact did not specially impress me. Smart ladies have frequently been known to annex trifles of the sort when they thought they could do so safely. Besides the social odium which has descended upon Mrs. Smyth as the resnlt of persisting in her tlander, there are the £500 damages and costs to consider. The latter taxed will amount to not less than £1,500, I am told. Surely Mrs. Leader's mosb ardent champions must admit her «nemy has been adequately punu-hed. Outsiders may even opine that admitting Mrs. Smyth's' epiteful ness she gets bard measure. After all id was not her fault that a train of coincidences little short of marvellous should have pointed to her friend as the thief. She knew every piece of jewellery in Mrs. Leader's possession as her counsel showed by reciting the list! to tbat lady. 'I* that a correct list of your jewel lery ?'' he asked. ' Wonderfully correco,' re sponded Mrs. Leader innocently, noteeeinjt what he was driving at. The only piece of jewellery belonging to her friend which some ' how Mrs. Smyth never saw or even beard of was this diamond brooch, the exact douWe.of her own favorite. Can one wonder ab her ; misdoubting her friend's defence? .An additional point in Mrs. Leader's favor has transpired since the tiial. A great num ber of people are of opinion th&t; the mystery surrounding the case will never be satisfac torily cleared off until the jeweller who : fashioned Mrs. Leader's present from Captain ! Trench in the image of Mrs. Smyth's miseing brooch comes forward and acknowledges his ' handiwork. In plain English this means that ' they distrust the verdict of the court. Now, if the brooch had been made in England it would be strange indeed that no man should come forward &3 the maker of the bauble, bat the locale of Captain Trench at the time be made the present suggests that the ornament was made in - India, snd strength is lent to this suggestion by the two apparently very awkward facts against Mcs. Leader ecmcerning ' thecase which she iM- oducedinconrtasbeirjgthe : one in -which it arrived. -Experts said the case did not fit the jewel property, and there was no nnine state ped upon rt.:f These points were counted against Mrs.' Leader; c bnt viewed in the li»?ht of an exrlnd.ian civil servant's ex planation they become I think rather points in the plaintiffs favor. The ©rlodian states that it is a common- practice' mtfa Indian jewellers, native and European; torjopy English ' patterns and even to improve on the .original?, and he points out also tbat they do not pay so; much - attention to the cases as' English jewellers do, and moreover scarcely ever go to the' expense of having their names stamped in the cases. - So long as the' workmanship o£ the ornament- itself satisfies: them they care little for its extra furnishings. -One cannot but admire 'the 'combined in genuity and audacity . with which Mr.- J. . Aitctiaon, a FJeet-strert oculist, has screwed : a gratuitous advertisement out nf the Times. -This adroit person lays down the thesis that NeiiTsciiniinality arises entirely from the fact '? that be strained his eyes whilst young, through not wearing glasses. -The omission^ it seems, Ne-]I ; himself . told Aifcchison' brpjogbt on violent: palps in the hiaad, To-ours dteee the young man. had recourse ta alocbolatnd- i_bmgs.-- . Tie alcohol and druRB led to^ demotaEsing .habits and the utter destruction pS ail finer ' feelings. The. dsmoralisiBfr babid_ -led to crime and murder, arid— well,' there; -you are, .don't you know.- .Any reaeomng being can aeo with, bail an optic.: t&at-tha; first c__.ns»-of the whole ghostiy — I beg pardon, ghitetiy, ? sordid tragedy- was not wearing' eye*laffies: . (N. B. Private. — Aitohison!s special par ticular at 7i Gd-. a. pair.} -rSupdreds of KeiOs in embryo are now suffering from headaebes caused by not 'wearing jjroper glasses, and wOI inevitably {.--ays' AitebiBon) fly to drink or drugs '.unless they consult an oculist— Aitohison, . of course, for-; choico. Eancy tbe T/^cs being deluded iato printing this sort of Idii&g.as; a serious coutxibatiori towards the diseuasion oa tbe oriepin-pf Neili's immorality. We shall next have Messn?. Pears explaining that , ReilTs crimes are directly traceable to aa, insane abhorrence of soap.wbikt yoaog. . Th»no&(ffie of- soap pro- . duoadths common ox garden koh. The itch drove him to drink -and' drags. This led to demoralisation and ultimate ~ crime. . Nothing could be clearer. - I went the -other Sunday erening to hear Mr. Frederic Hftrrtaon, the high priest of positivism, bold forth on tho religion of humanitamnism at tho Newton Hall, Fetter lane. This building, the headquarters of positivism in London, is capable of seating perhaps 200 persons. At one esd t-tanda an American ocean and a very slightly raised .platform holding a reading desk. .The walls are decorated with terra cotta busts of ancient and modern philosophers and the maxims of .humanitariahism.' -'The latter read, like ? modernised text3 from. -the Gosp«l with all '? references- to Christ and tliB Deity excised. The gospel of the poeitivistB lies' chiefly in their- primary ? maxim, - 'live for tjtbetp.-' . This Mr. Harrison preached as though he and ;nol .Jesus had invented tbanotion.jmd ib was ? something, quite new. His exhortation to 'us ' was in fact, io live perfectly CbristlilDB lives without -admitting that wa wen inspired by Him or imitated Him. Of course he did pot say thia in so many words. Peopleara to be good, I gathered, -because, well, ttfe good to be good. Above all, 'live for other?.' I couldn't help wohderiDg whether bluff Mr. Uaniaon him self, and the six narrow-headed bnld gentlemen who seemed to form his most ardent utMiplee, practically carried out their 'live, for others theories. Their eouu-tenaacaa certainly belio them if they are philanthropist?. Probably one would find that living for others signified helping your neighbor intellectually rather than practically. «ay by destroying his belief in tie Gospel of Christ and giving him instead — maxims. a It seems to be perfectly true that Moriey Roberts is studying low life at tho dock?, but .not in the -character of a navvy. An inter viewer from that peculiar period Jealti_$..iVb»rf Hcview found him paiBtirjgaship'sside. The interview does not amount' to much, but it contains one good story. 'Do you *e that young arabf! eaid Mr. Roberta, indicating a dark lad slouching along the deck. 'He's a queer cbap if you like. He asd I were over the side ot the 'vessel the other day painting. ° Says he to me, ' I saw a man -.drowttoa o vevk come Tuesday at Globe Stairs. ' Another fellow jumped in. snd tried to pick him out. He was cearly -_!rownex3 too. I could . eatily have saved ' him.' ?WJBil.'you young ewab,' said I, 'didn't you try to?- 'No,*- he replied calmly, '-I didn't.1 I wao'thnnder-^ ptruok. 'But,' i said, ?'vliy didn't you? Youcaa swihi likea fisb.'' i\v'6H, Vou see,' quoth the youth in * matter of fat* way. * I didn't want.' to spoil my clothes.'' ;'GrOo4 heavens,- man, what -were your clathea cow? pared to a fcltow creature's life?' Hfe looked at me reflectirelya moment, as if turning over the idea in his -mind: ThenhiafacefcrigJiteDed, and he replied with the air of one who clinches tn argnment by an unanswerable fach, ' Ah '. but you see they were my beet clothes.1 ' Since the conviction of the man Neill, or Cream, a number of facts have come to light concerning his life during the time be was committing the murders.. It seems the 'fellow had a large and miseellaneona acquaintance amongst the loose women of the Lambeth dis trict, knowing both smart and poor girls and young and old. All agree that), ' the doctor' (as his friends called him) was 'welfjlikpd and much sought after. He. showed himself very liberal to any girl for whom he hftd a'fancy, giviDg away gloves and silk handkerchiefs and flowers, ex., freely. ' Neill ' talked well generally on . topics .rather abovje the heads of the majority of his acquaintances, and quoted Shakespeare and-' Dickens constantly. . At the time of the mur ders the man drank - heavily, bnt was on guard against getting intoxicated. He eaid he was afraid of doing foolish r things if he once lost command of himself. Neill kept an exhaustive diary and wrote it up nightly after bis return from the mnaic-haUs, to one or another of which he invariably went: It was at these resorts the murderer met his victims. On the sight before his tarcsli Neill destroyed the diary and a number of other papers. The secret service agent Haynes {or somefcitne after he got to know Neill believed he was on the jvrpng track. It seemed impossible tbat this rental babbler conld be a -wholesalet poisoeer. One nigbt, however, Haynes drew the wretch'1 when he was three-parts 'sore wed' concertjinK tEe poisonings. The temptation to create a sensation was too ntoCh for Neill, and he then for the second time (the first occasion was in the blaokmailing letter to Df. Broadbent) asserted the girl Clover had been poisoned. With lightning-lite conviction the truth rushed on Haynes. If Clover should prove to have been -poisoned the murderer had delivered him self into the bauds of jiistioe. The love of money has brought to light many a frightful family skeleton amongst the Austrian aristocracy, but it would be hard to point to a case which produced more painful episodes than the great Waldstein law suit, which was begun at Prague on September 26. This case was commenced at the wish of a mother and sister, the bearers of two of the noblest names in Bohemia, to recover some money which had been bequeathed out of the family, even at the cost of the fame of the descendants of the great Wallmstein, whose real name wai Wald stein. The facts of the ca°e briefly are as follows :— Count George T7aldstein died in Vienna in November, 1890, three months after the tragical death of his young wife, Frinoess Pasqualine Mettervich. He left a will, which did not mention Countess Antonia Waldstein, his mother, nor his .only sister, Countess Christiana, wife of Count Leopold Thun, but made the city of Vienna his heir. The Com munal Council, however, refused to accept the request because there were so many legacies to be paid out of it, and because it was believed the family would dispute the validity of the wilL All the property the count could dispose of be left to certain employ ea who were in his confidence. The entailed property went by right to his nephew. His steward, Joseph Weinelb, was to be paid twenty times the amount of his yearly salary, and the count's secretary, G-ustav Kleidorfer, and other em ployes were also left large sums. After Prin cess Pasqualine's sad death, a codioil was added by which 400,000 florins, which were to have been the princess's property, were to be distributed amongst the four favorite em ployes. The count's family not only disputed the validity of the will, bat charged the legatees with having taken advantage of the count's weak intellect to induce him to make a will in their favor. The indictment contains a fearful picture of the life and mental condi tion of Count George, which was so aggravated by alcoholic excess as to deprive him, by degrees, of all sense of love and duty, and truth, and finally sent him raving mad, in which condition he died. The accused de clared tbat the motive for all the count's actions was hatred of the woman who bore him. They denied that he was so feeble of intellect as to be in the power of others. Witnesses by tbe hundred were called, and amongst others the Minister of Commerce. Marquis Bacquehein declared that notwith standing his love of brandy the count was, \- in his opinion, perfectly responsible for his actions until the last weeks of his life, bat thought that towards the last Weinelt and .Kteidorfer would probably be able to \- influence his thoughts and deeds. One of the mast painful incidents of this remarkable ' trial was the appearance in the witness-box of the count's mother. Thia woman described her only son as an incurable drunkard, who : had been half an idiot from his bittb. Through all the particulars of the trial, which shows up a disgraceful family history, runs one pure white thread— the devotion of the deceased count to his young wife, her unvarying kind ? ness to him, and her heroic but vain efforts to ': induce him to give up drinking. During the last year tha count touched nothing save . brandy ; that he drank in tumblers. Weinelt and his fellows on trial were brilliantly de fended, and the jury not ouly acquitted them of the charge of undue influence but declared the will to be valid. Weinelt is now possessor of 400,000 florins and Kleidorfer of more than 100,000. The anti- vivisection discussion in the Times, which arose out of some reckless chaige.3 brought against famous vivisectoxs at the Church Congress by Dr. Batry (the ex-Bishop of Sydney) and Dr. Berdoe, has resulted in the complete overthrow of those eminent clerics. The fact was Dr. Barry and his ? friends leant en tbi»fc enthusiastic cbampion of anti- vivisection, Miaa .Frances Power Cobbe, -and, alas J Mies Frances Power 'Cobbe proved ? a rotten reed. She gave her friends a magnifii . cent list of experiments on animals conducted : by Professor Victor Horsley and other operators, and (this was her great point) described by the vivisectors themselves. Armed with these the reverend gentlemen duly pro ceeded to horrify the congress. Imagine tbe fury of Professor Victor Horeley and the vivisec tion party whro they read the papers and dis covered that in 16 out of the 20 experiments ' 'quoted the all-im poi tanb fact that the animals . were assestheaised, and- therefore in no pain -' whatever, was suppressed, and that in the ?? other four animals distinctly stated to be dead were made to appear living. ' If,' cried 4 ; Horeley, ' the controversy is going to be con- . ' ducted in this unprincipled manner, and by . . pious CBurohtnen, too, I lor one shall decline to go on. If a too ohfldieh altogether.' Miss Cobbe^- with feminine inconsequence, airily \- pooh-poohs the cliurchmen'a little omission. What are anaesthetics after all? They don't . really deaden pain, &o.; Die. Barry and . Berdoe have, however, found themselves com : pelled to admit the omissions and inaccuracies . sufficiently serious- to argue the work from which Miss Cobbe inspired them to quote . ('The Nine Circles') unreliable. 