TAE METROPOLITAN DRAMA TIC COMPANY. "THE WOOD DEMON." DESPITE the humble and often mis leading titles the playwrights of the last quarter of the eighteenth century and the first quarter of the present one gave to their plays, it must be admitted that, from a literary point of view, these dramas possess more sterling merit than those of the present day. In the play nnder review the author has given a vivid pictume of the superstition which held our fore- fathers in bondage, and from which even Shakspeare could not free himself, that superstitious belief in the commingling of ghosts, demons, and fairies, with mortals and their arts. Thus in that ever popular opera " Faust," in which the hero sells him self to Belzebub. What would a Ohristmas Pantomime be without its fairyland scene I Just like the play of " Hamlet" with the Prince of Denmark cut out. It must also be granted that this blending of the supernatural with things natural affords great scope o-n the stage for spectacular effects. was in this school that actors lil e Garrick Bannister and many others in the first flight of histrionic genius served their apprenticeship. Now to the "Woo[ Demon." The performance a'arVeoat the Exhibitibi "Hal, Brunswick-street, last Wednesday even ing, and considering that it was the first time played reflects great credit on all that took part in it. The who'e of the members of the company entered into the spirit of the piece with an enthusi astic zest from the rise of the curtain to its final fall, and it is to be regreted that there was not a larger audience present to reward those efforts The songs and choruses incidental to the piece were most effectively rendered. By the way it may be stated that to the present generation the melody was both inspiring and tuneful. The plot of the play is simple in the extreme, and soon told. Hardyknuto (Mr. W. G. Carey) is, of course, the d la Williams kind of vrllain of the play. This fiendish monster enters into a compact with Sangrida, the wood-demon, for valuable cons'drerations rec?ived, as the lawyers say, the conditions of the said compact Ieing, to wit, that the said Hardyknute, in c.nsideration of being put in possession of certain vast estates, agrees in the second part with the abore-mentioned wood-demon, to slay annually, for a period of eight years, on the 6th of August, before the hour of one, a child. When the play opens, this blood-thirsty villain has sent seven innocent children to the other side of Jordan, and the object of the author of the drama is, whilst leading up to the very brink of the assassination of the eighth, to introduce incidents that just as the villain is about to slay the fair Una (Miss Millie Collier) the clock strikes one, and the upraised dagger that was to pierce the heart of Una falls from his hand. The natural result follows. The rightful heir is put in possession, Una marries her own true love, Rolplho (Mr. Albertson) and all ends happily in 'a striking scene, in which colkred fires play a prominent part. As the Wood-demon, Mr. G.W. Collier looked every inch a demon of the first order. Miss Brentnall, as Clotilde, and Miss MI. Clive played their parts with exquisite art, and little Dot Carey is to be complimented for her excellent acting of Leoline, the dumb boy. On Wednesday evening next the thrilling drama of the "Ticket-of-leave Man " will be performed with a power ful cast, including Mr. W. G. Carey as Hawkshaw, the" detective, Mr. G. W. Collier as Robert Brierly. the Lanca shire lad, and Miss Millie Collier as May Edwards. 