DERBY AND MELBOURNE CUP CHAMPIONS. Battles Fought and Won. Sporting Heroes of Six-and- thirty Years, By "Warrior." Turn on, Old Time! Here we are on the eve of our great racing event, and not a blow struck. Settling-day over the A.J.C. Car- nival was, in times gone by, a very busy one for layers and takers of odds. Metropolitan winners, as a rule, were rushed Into the Melbourne Cup betting. What with the collapse of financial institutions, the wonder- ful success of £100,000 sweeps, and the totalisator machine, it strikes me very much "Othello's occupation is gone." Doubtless, a little turf gossip relating to racing in the golden days of this colony will be read with interest by all who are fond of " reminiscences of the past." Within a year or so of the time when Mr. Johnny Fawkner took possession of the site where the city of Melbourne now stands the Port Phillip race meetings were held at the back of Batman's Hill. This old landmark has passed away, and made room for the mag- nificent railway building fronting Spencer- Street. The first race meeting in Victoria was, in 1836, witnessed by some 500 specta- tors, among them numbers of aboriginals. Although the Melbourne Jockey Club in 1851 had done a good deal to forward the sport of kings — businesses of all kinds being in a primitive state— they labored in vain. The discovery of gold in Australia brought to our shores some of the greatest sportsmen in England. No wonder, then, that in 1856 we had in Melbourne two racing bodies— Jockey Club and Turf Club. If I mistake not, the following gentlemen represented the latter:- Captain Standish, Colonel Robins, Hon. Geo. Coppin, M.L.C., Police Magistrate Sturt, Messrs. Dougharty, G. Watson, A. Macarthur, J. T. Smith, R. Goldsbrough, and W. Frazer. The Jockey Club, in order to smash up their opponents, issued a first- class programme, which came off at Flem- ington on the 19th November, 1856 (not October, 1657, as asserted by a contem- porary). The chief attraction was that of the VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB DERBY. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, with 125 sovs added. For three-year-olds. One mile and a half. Weights, 8st 5lb; mares and geld- ings allowed 3lb. Mr H. N. Simpson's br f Flying Doe, by Premier (Carter) ... ... ... 1 Mr E. Row's br f Barbelle, by Dolo (Holmes) ... ... ... ... 2 Mr H. N. Simpson's b c Artaxerzes, by Premier (Monahan) ... ... ... 3 Betting— 2tbo 1 aged Barbelle. Won easily. This club must have gained the sympathy of New South Wales and Taemanian horse- owners, for I find the Press of that date recording the fact that Mr. Feeney had brought over from Sydney his celebrated racehorse Samson, and Mr. William Brown his horse, Westbury, from across Bass' Straits, to take part in the three-mile race, which was won by tbe first-named, carrying 10st 4lb, in 6 min, Mr. Robert Sevior's chest- nut gelding, Hotspur (R. Mitchell), gaining second honors. On the second day of the meeting Hotspur turned the tables on Samson, Mr. Sevior's record being five wins, and in the sixth race his horse was only beaten by a head. At this gathering were gentlemen who in after years proved them- selves not only pioneers but pillars of the turf in Victoria. There are still a few old British sports left for whom the once familiar name of Fred. Standish will awaken some suggestive echoes. From 1846 to 1852 no backer of horses was better known or more liked upon English racecourses than "The Bombardier" — as Admiral Rous always called him - who had entered the Royal Artillery full of youth, spirits, and hopes in 1845, to bid his native land a long and final farewell in 1852. Although Captain Standish and Mr. George Watson had only been a couple of years in the colony, they made themselves at home on the occasion of the Victorian Jockey Club Derby of 1856. Sir James Hurtle Fisher (father of Messrs. Charles B. and Hurtle Fisher), Mr. Peter Snodgrass (elected to the first Parliament under responsible government in Victoria), Messrs. T. and A. Chirnside, W. Greene, Thomas Austin, John Tait, Richard Golds- brough, Thomas Henty, Dalmahoy Campbell, James Lord, Alexander Rose, Richard Dry (afterwards received the honor of knight- hood), William Pearson, N. R. D. Bond, E. T. Barnard (the present Caulfield Cup handi- capper), and Dr. Bathe, took a prominent part in that day's proceedings. In 1859 patrons of the sport got fairly mixed up. Owing to several letters appear- ing in Bell's Life in Victoria, advocating an Intercolonial Three Miles Weight-for-age Race, a number of gentlemen met at the Union Hotel, and fixed up matters. Mr. W. P. Simons filled the position of secretary ; Mr. C. S. Burt, starter ; and Messrs. Richard Goldsbrough and Dalmahoy Campbell, stewards. Of the 24 horses entered, 18 faced the starter's flag. Flying Buck won from start to finish. The attendance exceeded all expectations— 25,000. Mr. W. C. Yuille's gelding didn't hold champion honors very long before he had to play second fiddle to Mr. J. Orr's bay colt, Buzzard, in the Jockey Club Derby of the same year. At the close of I860— shortly before Mr. George Watson's bay filly, Flying Colours, was steered to victory in the blue ribbon by "Old Billy Treacey," a good-natured Irishman — the rival racing institutions announced their determination ol cutting one another's throats. With a view of carrying out this threat the Victoria Jockey Club inserted in their 1861 programme a Two Thousand Guinea Stakes, whilst the Turf Club played a trump card by establishing the Melbourne Cup Handicap of two miles. Tuesday, 17th October, 1861, was the day set apart for the holding of the Metropolitan meeting of the Jockey Club, when the follow- ing gentlemen officiated : — Messrs. Richard Goldsbrough, F. Rowe, George Watson, R. Nicholson, W. Fawsett, and George Eric, stewards; Mr. J. Henderson, jodge; and Mr. George Watson, starter. In order to keep the pot boiling the club made a mli mis- take in doubling the price of admission to " the Hill " from 2s. 6d. to 5s, for this vantage ground was poorly attended. Mr. P. J. Keighran's six- year-old Mormon (after- wards winner of the Hobart Town Champion of 1861, and Wagga Wagga Champion of 1864), with J. Morrison up (10st), stripped beautifully for the Two Thousand Guineas (value of the stake 1800 sovs). The son of The Premier— Delaware Girl, didn't belie his looks, for he romped home in front of Mr. J. Henderson's bay colt, Camden (winner of the Victorian Derby), Flatcatcher, Billy Lang's Secundus, Goldham's Grey Dawn, and C. B. Fisher's Stormy Petrel. This brings me down to the FIRST MELBOURNE CUP, run at Flemington and won by the mighty Archer, carrying the black banner of Mr. Etti De Mestre, of New South Wales. What marvellous strides has horseracing made since then! Take the attendance and con- ditions of the race as an example. A daily paper, in reporting the meeting, gave the number of spectators present as follows : — "The Hill" .. .. 2000 Grand stand and paddock .. 600 Elevated ground on course .. 1500 Total .. .. .. 4100 Again, consider the conditions of the Cham pion Two-mile Handicap of 1861 and 1892 :- MELBOURNE CUP, 1861. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs each, 10 ft., or 5 sovs if dec., , with 200 sovs added. Two miles. MELBOURNE CUP, 1892. A handicap sweepstakes of 50 sovs each, 10 ft., with 10,000 sovs added, and a trophy value 150 sovs; second horse 2000 and third 1000 sovs out of the stake. Two miles. The stewards upon that occasion were— Captain Fred. Standish, Messrs. Thomas Chirnside. H. C. Jeffreys, B. F. Greene, and Mr. George Watson (starter). Judge, Mr. J. Henderson; secretary, Mr. W. Levey; and clerk of the course, Mr. F. "Docker " Hamilton. If I mistake not, of these gentle- men, Mr. George Watson is the only survivor. Mr. E. De Mestre, in whose colors Archer ran, and Mr. William Pearson, owner of the third horse, although bent with age, still take the deepest interest in this favorite outdoor sport of the Anglo-Saxon. Kind- hearted P. J. Keighran, owner of Mormon, passed quietly away a few years back, and was followed by Mr. John Coldham, a sportsman of the good old-fashioned type. The Cup of 1861 furnished a lamentable accident. As the horses swung into the straight the first time round (no Maribyrnong six-furlong course in those days), Medora (ridden by Henderson) stumbled and fell, bringing poor old Joe Morrison's horse, Despatch, headlong over her, Twilight (ridden by Haynes) falling on top of the pair. The first-named broke her two fore legs and her off hind leg, Henderson escaping with a dislocated shoulder. Not so with the young fellow fresh from Count Legrange's stable (Morrison), who had his right collar-bone broken, whilst Despatch broke her back. The following day both horses had to be destroyed. Twilight received no damage. Of the jockeys sporting silk in this memorable racing event, tbe majority have year after year joined their comrades "beyond tbe grave." Mr. James Monaghan, who won the last Caulfield Cup with Paris, and in his day trained celebrated fliers and weight-carriers of the Marvel and Le Grand type, was one of the rising jockeys when he rode Black Bess in Archer's Cup. Harry Trend is still on the "war path;" but Sam Waldock, the Bedford "chicken," who didn't care for any feather-weight, journeyed home wards years ago. Sam was a good 'un, and could put his "dukes" up with the best of 'em. Harry Cook was all at sea when he got among the tigers of India, and conse- quently lost his life. Poor Johnny Cutts, the successful horseman of 1861, died years ago in Sydney. In 1862 the "Pivotonians " came out of their shell with an Intercolonial Champion Race (the fifth). Tait's Talley- rand, with Jimmy Ashworth up, defeated the Cup horse, Archer, and the crack three-year- old Barwon. Notwithstanding Archer's de- feat in this race, horse-owners of the colonies became so chicken-hearted at Mr. De Mestre's previous display of talent that only twenty- eight nominators could be found game enough to enter for the Melbourne Cup of 1863. On the weights being declared, Archer was found at the top of the list with 10st 4lb. The Victorian racing season of 1868 opened at Ballarat on the 1st October, when a Champion Race meeting of three days was brought to a successful issue. The chief event was the Intercolonial Champion Race, for a prize of 1000 sovs, with a sweep of 100 sovs. Five horses started, three of which hailed from New South Wales, namely. Archer, Tait's Zoe, and Haidee. Victoria was represented by Mormon aud Barwon. The last- named, to the surprise of the 5000 spectators, easily beat Mormon and Archer by a dozen lengths. The Ballarat Handicap fell to Rose of Denmark, who scored the first win for the Maribyrnong stud farm. On the horses returning to scale(Falcon, Region, and Mr. John Tait's Sir Patrick) Mr. Hurtle Fisher and his im- ported filly met with vociferous cheers. In the absence of De Mestre's "demon" the Melbourne Cup of 1863 proved a dead sell. Banker, beaten by Oridamme in the Derby, made amends In the Cup by defeating Musidora, Rose of Denmark, Barwon, Aruma, Falcon, and Shillelagh. Thursday, 3rd November, 1864, the first regular race meeting under the management of the Victoria Racing Club came off at Flemington. The event was looked forward to with interest, for the Autumn meeting of 1863, although under the control of that body, had been properly considered as merely filling the place which should have been occupied by the late Victoria Turf Club and Victoria Jockey Club — in fact, a mere taking up of the responsibilities which the last-mentioned organisations were unable to meet. The V.R.C. was for many years hampered by the debts of their predecessors. Up to the time the Duke of Edinburgh visited Victoria (1867-68) the club's half- yearly balance-sheet showed a deficiency ; but on the trustees of Flemington race- course handing over the entire control and management to the Victoria Racing Club committee, the flood of pros- perity set in most unmistakably. Mr. Hurtle Fisher's wonderful colt, Lantern, scooped the pool in '64 by winning the double — Melbourne Derby and Cup. Sammy Davis, now mine host of the Palace Hotel, was on the winner. A few days after these events Lantern was killed at Ballarat. tn 1866, the year that the late Judge Cheeke's Clove, ridden by F. Martineer, carried off the blue ribbon of the New Sooth Wales turf, Panic, one of the grandest animals that ever graced a racecourse, was beaten by a patched-up old gelding. Toryboy a fort- night before the race hadn't a ghost of a show, but "old" Thompson, now nearly seventy years of age, gave Marshall a bit of a "wrinkle," both in training and backing his horse, with the result he won comfort- ably, and left the old 'un in the lurch. Some years back this memorable silver (gold-plated) cup was for sale in a well- known pawnbroker's shop in this city. Although honest John Tait had been successful with Zoo and Talleyrand in three Champion Races he failed to score a win in our important two-mile race till 1866. The Barb, after appropriat- ing the Sydney Derby, visited Victoria in company with his stable companion, Falcon. Both horses received great attention in the Cup betting. By a fluke, in my opinion, the "black demon" beat Exile by a head. Falcon must have won had not Stanley "gone drunk " at the turn for home, thus allowing the chestnut to race all over the course. As a three-year-old The Barb had in Mr. C. B. Fisher's Fishhook quite his equal. The squire of Terrara, Mr. E. De Mestre, can boast of not only winning four Melbourne Cups and training Chester for his Derby and Cup, but he has achieved a victory never since repeated, namely, winning the double of 1867—Sydney Metro- politan and Melbourne Cup— with his five- year-old, Tim Whiffer. Mr. P. J. Keighran's bay gelding, Exile, who ran into a place for the second time in succession, dropped dead immediately after winning the Ballarat Cup. New South Wales swooped down on us again for the third time in 1868. Gleneoe managed to best old Tasmania Sir on the post. Tim Whiffer ran pluckily, with his 10st 4lb up, on the quarters of Shenandoah. Johnny Driscoll, a good old silk, died a couple of years ago, and never forgot his mount on "Tim." The greatest race I ever witnessed, bar Carbine and Megaphone's set-to in the A.J.C. Craven Plate, was that between Glendon (Stanley) and Tim Whiffler (Joe Kean), in the third race of the meeting, in the V.R.C. Q Pint. The Cup horse finished in front by half a head. Tbe silver and black jacket of the late Mr. Austin Saqui had the van in 1869. Warrior won a New South Wales-bred horse, and entered for the Cup by a Sydney gentleman, but before the race was run became the property of Mr. Saqui, one of our leading bookmakers in those days. The son of New Warrior and Annie Laurie was trained by the well-known Flemington sport, Mr. Robert Sevior, who won many races with him, including an Australian Cup. This was Joe Morrison's first and only win. He was most unfortunate in these annual contests, so much so that his ultimate death was brought about a couple of years back when undergoing an operation for his right leg, badly broken when riding Chester in Calamia's year. By 1870 racing men no longer shouted, "Curse on both yer houses," but drank in bumpers — " Long life to the congenial secretary. Bagot," and "Prosperity to the Victoria Racing Club." Year by year, from the day the late Mr. Bagot accepted office, in 1864, up to the day of his death, racing succeeded under his management, and the rival clubs, then known as the Victoria Jockey Club and Victoria Turf Club, threw up the sponge and amalgamated. Since the season of 1864-65, the amount of added money paid away totals £401,605. Nimblefoot, a son of Panic— who ran second to Toryboy — and Quickstep proved too much the poor old Slack, the double event leviathan bookmaker, in the Cup of 1870. Mr. Craig before his death related a vision about his horse Nimblefoot, winning the Cup, and Croydon the Metropolitan. So the yarn goes. On the eve, or some time before, Mr. Slack laid tbe widow Craig £1000 to eight drinks that her husband's dream was all moonshine. The double came off, and Mrs. Craig received half the wager — £500 — to the surprise of every person. The bet was looked upon as a joke, but the late Mr. Slack didn't belong to the " tin-pot " crowd, but was an honor- able and straightforward layer of odds. The year 1871 was a snorter for the public. Mr. James Wilson's three-year-old brown filly, Romula, having defeated the favorite, Sydney Tim Whiffler, in the Launceston Champion, and ran third to Mermaid and Little Dick in the Sydney Cup, Mr. Joseph Thompson, the " King of the Ring,"11 saved Romula in his book, and she left the paddock at 1000 to 400. The Pearl, starting at 100 to 1, not only upset the " pot," but the owner, Mr. John Tait, who put the dollars on his stable companion, Pyrrhus. " Honest John " and his yellow and black colors were again to the front in 1872, the Tasmanian horse, Quack, adding another victory for the late Hon. John Lord (breeder of Nimblefoot and The Quaak, half-brothers). South Australia was second with The Ace, ridden by Tom Hales, whose owner, Mr, T. J. Ryan, died at an early age while on a visit to England. I should have mentioned that in 1871 the Maribyrnoug Plate was established, and won by Argus Scandal. Mr. Joe Thompson, one of the first, and up to the time of his leaving Aus- tralia for England the leviathan bookmaker, made a rash mistake by attacking Argus newspaper, Of course they replied, and gave Joe "Oh, Jerusaleml" One of our leading sporting writers, now deceased, con- ferred on Joseph the honor of being " King of the Ring." Mr. Thompson felt pleased, and thus he christened his newly-purchased Ace of Clubs— Lady Heron colt, Argus "Scandal," and Ace of Clubs — Rose de Florence colt, " King of the Ring." In 1873 Messrs. Joseph Thompson, James Wilson, and William Branch made their pile on Don Juan, the greatest certainty in the world. On the Saturday prior to the Cup, Horatio having won comfortably the Sydney Metropolitan, he was backed for pounds, shillings, and pence to win the Essendon Stakes (two miles) at 2 to 1 on, 3 to 1 against Fitz-Yattendon, 4 to 1 against the dark 'un, Dou Juan. With 9st up (thirty pounds less than he was called upon to carry in the Melbourne Cup) Don Juan beat Fitz- Yattendon and Horatio, and Tuesday's race was all over. He was never asked to gallop, winning easily from Dagworth and Horatio. Had Greville ridden The Diver in the way Teddy Power would have done, Haricot wouldn't have been voted the hero of 1874. A popular victory was that of Mr. John Cleeland, with Wollomai, in 1875, when the son of Ace of Clube carried Bob Batty first past the post. The years 1876 and 1877 furnished Derby and Cup winners — Briseis and Chester. The first-named was killed on the I5th September, 1879, whilst Chester lived to sire Abercorn, Cranbrook, Carlyon, Canoola, and other celebrated racehorses, whose winnings amounted to £62,520. When Chester died a post-mortem examina- tion disclosed tbe fact that the coating of the stomach was as thin as paper, and every thing was eaten away. "All Black" and Tom Brown (now the private trainer to the Hon. W. A. Long) assisted Calamia to win for Mr. De Mestre his fourth and last Mel- bourne Cup. The Derby horse, Suwarrow, did his best to win Mr. Bob Howie the Melbourne Cup of 1879, but the Tasmanian- owned horse Darriwell, trained by Mr. W. E. Dakin, and ridden by Sammy Cracknell, had too much go in him at the finish. I forgot to mention that the now flourishing Victoria Amateur Turf Club (thanks to the late Mr. N. B. D. Bond) came into existence on the 24th March, 1876 at Ballarat (Caulfield course not being finished). Grand Flaneur, tbe never-beaten, scattered ail before him in tbe season of 1880-81, winning the Derby and Cup and six other races, of tbe value of £6954 — nearly double that of his opponent, Progress (£3700). The son of Yattendon— First Lady, 6so far, has proved himself a gentleman at the stud, fully £23,000 being won by his progeny. New South Wales served up a rank outsider in Zulu in 1881, and " The Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold " in 1882, beating the Tasmanian-owned Stockwell, Gudarz, 4 to 1 agst Sweet William, 5 to 1 Mistaken, 8 to 1 Little Jack, and 12 to 1 Odd Trick. The season of 1883-84 com- menced a series of victories for the late Hon. James White, which in all probability will never happen to any other horse-owner. For seven years this gentleman successfully headed the list of winning owners, the total sum amounting to £100,714. Martini-Henry having been withdrawn from the A.J.C. Derby, and moving very short in his work, the V.R.C. blue ribbon was considered a dead certainty for that wonderful two-year-old, Archie. I, then sporting correspondent to the Otago Times and Witness, thought differently, as Martini Henry was tipped by me to win the double — Derby and Cup. In 1884 the Tasmanian-bred Malua would have been beaten by Commotion had Mr. William Pearson scratched the second favorite. Below tbe distancce Commotion seemed to have the race in hand, but suddenly faltered, and Power eased him for a few strides. Set going again, however, the old horse gamely answered, when Robertson called upon Malua, who answered with a brilliant run, an exciting finish ensued, Malua beating the son of Panic — Evening Star by half a length. Tasmania was again to the fore in 1885, when the Victorian-owned Sheet Anchor beat the Caulfield Cup heroine, Grace Darling, Trenton, Blink Bonny, Acolyte, Lord Wilton, Tom Brown, and the favorite, Nordenfeldt (5 to 2 agst). The champion three-year-old, Trident, winner of 11 races of the value of £7236, left the paddock a firm favorite (5 to 1 against). In 1886 the Derby horse shot his bolt at the dis- tance, leaving Arsenal., Trenton, and Silver- mine to fight it out. Fifty yards from home poor Alec Robertson and English were at it hammer and tongs, but the weight wore down Trenton, and he was beaten on the post by a long neck, the Tasmanian Silver- mine three-quarters of a length off third. Trident close up fourth, followed by Sheet Anchor, Myall King, Crossfire, aud Malua, with Metal last. This year the club doubled tbe added money (2000 sovs), besides in- creasing the prizes of the second horse from 300 to 500, and third from 200 to 300 sovs. Dunlop in 1887 ran third to Oakleigh and Remus in the Caulfield Cup, and then smaotherred his field in the Melbourne Cup, landing his owner (Mr. R. Donovan) and his jockey (Stutters) a very handsome sum. The three thousand pound Tradition had the devil's luck In 1888, running second to Chicago in the Caulfield Cup and Mentor in the Melbourne Cup. The year of one and three eights was a most deplorable one for punters. Pounds, shillings, and pence went on Carbine for Ensign's Derby. The " knowing " public on tbh Melbourne Cup, to make matters worse, " went a broker " on the 4 to 1 against Chicago, and 16 to 1 Whakawai. In 1889 another Caulfield Cup placed horse cleared off with the Melbourne Cup. I speak ol Grand Flaneur's sou, Bravo. Carbine and Malvolio's victories in the Cups of 1890 and '91 are no doubt still fresh in the minds of my readers, so it is needless for me to refer to them. Melbourne Cup visitors to Flemington will this year notice the absence of many familiar countenances of a quarter of a century. Poor old Judge Cope and Mr. George Glasscock paid the debt of nature last spring. Since then two most prominent sporting Pressmen have gone to their long rest — Mr. Edward Samuel Chapman (" Orange Blossom " and " Augur " of the Australasian) and Mr. N. B. D. Bond ("Beacon" in times past of the Australasian and Leader, and up to a couple of years back secretary of the V.A.T.C.). The happiest hours of "Augur's" life were passed away "under the elms at Fleming-, ton;" whilst the home of Neeld Rundell Duncombe Bond was on Caulfield heath and the Yorick Club. The " bird-cage " sports- man will no longer greet Mick O'Brien and Teddy Weekes, for they have also gone home to rest. The following table, having occupied many days in compiling, should prove in- teresting to the readers of The Sportsman: winning o wwsns snrca "thbseaspn ittfcj: tauon - NmhB ktrt fteeldouoe. - . Value 1-"-" 1 —7 - f ' — — "t 1M90 lte.W. a YuUte, Victoria .. # 8,«J0 1S60-S1 Wt.Jebnta1tjK5.W- - .. j J.gg Jtel-es Mnr-J.K««Kran. Victoria -y JgJJ 16SS-43 Jlr.JolinTwt.N.SW. - y I4S341 31r. J. H. JUqwr, Victoria g VB". 18&4-C6 Mr. Hurtle Wsbtr, Victorf ... 4 Mjj 1MS4C Mr. Uuttl Usher, Victoria .. . g MJJ 1&C-67; Nt.JolUiTAd, N.SW. "11 J'JIP 1KC-6 Mr.O. a Vbter. Vlciori 10 J'JJJ 1M7-M Ml. John Talt, KBX 10 J-JJJ 18CS-CU Ur,JohnTft)t,N£W, - Jfl |.g® jStfP.70 Mr. Hurtle Pi«her,Yktorla ... 7 S.JW 1ST0-7I Mr.B. DeMertre.NA.W. 16 J-JJ® 1871.7 S Mt.JohnTit,N.6.W. .. . u |,BW 1878.73 Mr. John TaluNAW. 11 l«:i-74 DM. Batiie, Victoria ibra-ra Mr. Joim Teit, jtait.. u v" 1878-76 Mr. Bit Jellelt. Victoria ...9 1R76-77 Mr. J«bic9 Wilson. Victoria >. . jo ®)J4 1877-78 Hon. James White, N.B.W. .. 19 2376-79 Mr. Ktii D Atestre, N.S.W. .. . g 3J0B 1bts4w !tl. w. i. uiie. ks.w. .. «, w 1MU4I Kr.W.A.tontr.lf.BjW. - It- 18SI-81 Mr. a" lteHMlre, KJi.W .. II J.JJ" 11114)1 llr. 8til 1M SmIk, NS.VT, . IS Hon. James Wldte, N-S.W. -> . 16 Wj7« 18W-W Hoo. Jamea White, H5.W. .. . SO S.JJJ lbSS-861 Hon. Jatuea White, NJB.W . » S3 IhW-37 Hon. Jamea White, Ji.S.W. t7 13,788 1S87-«9| Hoo. Jam« White. N.8.W. .. 33 te.7J teSB -f>9| Hon. James White. NJs.W. ..-31 l89-w! Hon. Jatnes White, N.S.W. 84 - .033 Ifc90-&1| Hou. 1). S. Wallace. Victoria .. Sift is, 1891-w! Mr. W. R. Wilson, Viotoria S6 -14,030 