MORE REMINISCENCES OF CARLYLE. TBE GALLIVANTINGS OF MB. HILL, The second instalment of Sir Charles Duffy's 'Conversations and Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle,' in the Cotntemporary Bevieio, is more interesting than the first. Recalling the days of the ' Latter-Day Pamphlets,' the writer tells a humorous story of the seriousness with which an Irishman of Coleraine received the atrabilious suggestion in 'Downing- sbreeb' thab the work of Parliament mighb be done better and cheaper by a newspaper. Sir Charles says: — 'It must have tackled the philosopher's midriff to find this mad banter taken seriously by one of his admirers, who was willing to subscribe £10 a year towards setting up a newspaper which should supersede Parliament in the minds of all reasonable people.' But the most entertaining passages in these reminiscences relate to John Mill and his Platonic affection for the lady who afterwards became his wife. In a conversation with Sir Charles Duffy, Carlyle held forth in this wise : — Ab one time we saw a good deal of MilL In the Reform Bill era he was an innocent young creature, with rich auburn hair and gentle pathetic expression, beautiful to contemplate ; but a domestic embroilment drove him to adopt a secluded monastic sort of life, in which people saw little of him bub the work he did. His life had been wrecked by a platonic, and quite innocent, affection for a married lady who had ranee become his wife, concerning whom he had got possessed by an idea, or in deed a series of ideas, which were altogether absurd and insupportable. He regarded her ab the paragon of womankind, which she was nob by long odds ; far otherwise than a paragon one might safely say. She was the daughter of a Radical doctor, who married her to Taylor, a Radical and Socinian, an honest simple sort of man, who had no doubt that the ideas which prevailed among this claesof persons afforded a sufficient solution for all the hard problems of life. W. J. Fox, who had a chapel in Fin&bury;, where he patronised Peter and Paul as ignorant but well- intentioned persons, and delivered prayers which some one described as the most eloquent prayers that ever were addressed to a British audience. Fox had probably the Taylors among his congregation ; ab any rate, he came to know that Mrs. Taylor, a vivacious little body, whofonnd her life among the Socinians wearisome, and he told her that John Mill was the man among the human race to relieve in a competent manner her dubieties and difficulties. He brought Mill to see her ; and Mill, who had probably never before looked into a woman's face, was spell-bound. She was a shrewd woman, with a taste for coquetry, and she book possession of Mill and wrapped him up like a coeoon. Housed to goto her in all his trouble to be comforted, and in all his difficulties to foe guided, and probably to be flattered a little besides. From that time all Mill's enjoyments in life centred in her. Taylor remonstrated with her_ on the extent to which the inbimaoy was carried ; bub she told him he might blow up the house if it seemed good to him, bub she could nob, under any circumstances, give up this friendship as she would probably call ib. There were children to be considered, and he thought he had better endure the thing than make a clamor and a catastrophe. . . , Mrs. Carlyle, who was present, said Mrs. Mill IVas nob the pink of womankind as her husband conceived, bub a peculiarly affected and empty body. She was nob easy unless _ she startled you with unexpected sayings. If she was going bo utter something kind and affectionate she spoke in a hard, stern voice. If she wanted to be alarming or uncivil she employed the most honeyed and affectionate tones. 'Come down and see us,' she said one day (mimicking her tone), 'you will be charmed with our house, it is so full of rats.' ' Bats !' cried Carlyle ; ' do you regard them as an attrac tion?' 'Yes' (piano), 'they are such dear innocent creatures.' Mrs. Carlyle ab the same time told me the story now sufficiently known of how the first volume of bhe 'French Re volution' gob burnt When Mill suddenly appeared at Cheye-row to announce the mis fortune, he looked so like the ghost of Hamlet's father, that she knew some catastrophe must have occurred, and exclaimed involuntarily, 'Gracious Providence, he has gone off with Mrs. Taylor!' but happily the misfortune proved to be a more remediable one. SEEING THE GEEAT MAS. ' One day,' said Mrs. John Stuart Blackie to a Strand magazine interviewer, ' I wenb to call on Mrs. Carlyle. Ib was in the afternoon of a very, very hob day. I was jusb saying good-bye, when ib suddenly occurred to me to ask, referring of course to her husband, ? May I see the great man ?' Mrs. Carlyle took me down some dark kitchen stairs, and there, in a corner, with his trousers drawn up to his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his f eet and legs in a great tub of cold water !' The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Standard gives, ' under all reserve,' the fol lowing story, which, he says, reaches him from a good source. After the German Emperor's late speech a gentleman who was present re marked that, while his Majesty was confident aboub the coming glory, he should nob forgeb that Russia was behind him. William IL re torted, 'I will pulverise Russia.' General Shuvaloff, hearing this story, instituted en quiries, and finding ib was true reported bhe matter to M. de Giers, who repeated ib to the C;*r. Alexander III. senb for General Schweinitz and said to him, 'Tell your Kaiser when he wants to begin pulverising I will throw half a million men across the frontier with the greatest pleasure.' News of a tragic occurrence in the Pyrenees has been received from Bayonne. Eight young Spaniards, who had crossed the frontier in search of work, determined to return to their own country, and set oub from Mauleon on February 27 in good weather. They were in the pass of Sarrau when a wind spraef up and the enow began to falL They persevered nevertheless, but the snow feu faster and thicker, until the travellers could scarcely see the path in front of them, and they lost their way. All their efforts to find ib again were in vain, and ab last, buffeted by the wind and blinded by the snow, six of them gave up the struggle. They huddled together near a rock. Their cries for help were actually heard by two peasants, themselves sheltering safely from the storm : but to give help or to find them in face of the blinding storm was impossible. Three days afterwards their frozen bodies were found clasped together. Of the other two no news has been heard. 3 he apathy of married men is astounding. The ladies— presumably of bhab sort upon whom Mrs. Lynn Xiinton looks with f avorable]smiles — of Carmarthen recently held a debate ab which the subject of discussion was 'Should ladies open their husbands' letters ?' The dis cussion seems to have become very warm in deed ; in the course of which one young and innocent maiden timidly ventured to state she thought thab ladies should nob open their hus bands' letters, and characterised such a pro ceeding as 'inquisitive, unwomanly, and im proper.' All the matrons present immediately sat upon her, and one stern Minerva-like lady —a Mrs. Bowen— proposed an amendment to tbe effect 'Thab ladies were perfectly and legally justified in opening their husbandsj letters, and also in making the fullest enquiries into all their business transactions.' This was carried by an overwhelming majority t One would like to know if matrimony is pojiular down Carmarthen way, and how many ef bhe down-trodden sex get their letters addressed to their clubs. The New York Medical Association and all the M.D.'s of the great metropolis are agog over the appearance of a freak of the most startling nature. This monster, or monsters, is a full grown man in the undisputed posses sion of three tongues, four chins, three cheeks, and three ears, one of the latter being as large as that of an elephant! Besides the three separate tongues mentioned (says the Aus tralian edition of 'Discovery ) this un exhibited freak has four smaller ones, which seem to be undeveloped from nobbing but want of space. They are as perfect in formation as the larger ones, bat are so small (less than an inch in length) thab they are nob claimed by the unfortunate possessor to be tongues ab all. The man can speak plainly and fluently in three different languages. He has four well-formed chins, the lower one being fully 10 in. from bhe upper lip. The right side of his face is normal, but the left is divided into two separate cheeks. What the doctors consider the most won derful of all this wonderful creature's make-up is the gigantic ear on the lef b side of his head. It hangs down like the ear of an elephant, measuring exactly 21 in. from, the crown to bhe lower end of the lobe. This mammoth article is perfect in formation and use, with tbe exception of its size, and bhe fact thab the opening is about 10 in. below the side of the head. This, the greatest of the nine teenth century human wonders, is Juan Jose Antonia. He was born a slave in Jerusalem, of Arabian slave parents. When he was 22 years of aje he was stolen by a band of Arab slave dealers and taken into Egypt. They kept him for some months in Alexandria, and then took him to Mexico. From the last named country he escaped, and finally landed in New York. 'For some weeks past there have been rumors afloat concerning the amalgamation of the Bank of South Australia with one or other of bhe larger colonial concerns,' states our London correspondent, writing on March 18. ' Until Wednesday, however, nothing positive was known outside the two banks involved, and Dame Rumor book liberties with the names of almost every Australian bank except the right one. The following circular was issued by the directors of the Bank of South Aus tralia to shareholders on the 16th inst. : — ' With reference to the annexed notice, I am desired to inform you thab the directors have made a provisional agreement with the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, one of the strongesb English banks doing business in Australia, by which agreement that bank takes over as a going concern the busi ness -of the Bank of South Australia, and undertakes to discharge all its liabilities. The main features of the agreement are as follows : —All the assets of the Bank of South Aus tralia (except bhe assets referred to below) are to be taken over by the Union Bank subject to a' valuation. Any surplus value appearing by such valuation is to belong to the share holders of the Bank of South Australia ; on bhe other hand, if the amount of the valua tion should be less than the amount of liabilities (other than on capital account) the difference is to be made good out of the excepted assets. The exoepted assets standing in the books of the bank ab £569,448 5s. 3d., are reserved, and are to be realised for the benefit of bhe shareholders of bhe Bank of South Australia. All details of the agreement will be explained ab the meeting. The directors do not disguise their great disappointment at the necessity for this arrangement, but in view of the unwarranted fall in the price of the shares and consequent withdrawal of deposits in London, they deemed ib expedient to enter into negotiations in order more effectually to safeguard the interests of the shareholders. —James Andebsok, General Manager.' The notice referred to says thab a special general meeting of the company will be held at Cannon-street Hotel on March 25 for bhe purpose of considering, and if bhoughb fib, passing the subjoined resolution :— 'That bhis meeting approves of the scheme submitted to it for the transfer of the business of this company to the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, and that the draft agreement sub mitted to this meeting, and expressed^ to be made between this company and the liquidators thereof of the one part, and the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, of the other part, be and the same is hereby approved, and accord ingly that the company be wound up volun tarily under the Companies Acts, lbt-2 to 1890, and that the liquidators thereof be and they are hereby authorised to enter into an agreement with the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, in the terms of the Eaid draft, and to carry the same into effect, with such, if any, modifications as the said liquidators may approve, and exercise all or any of the powers capable of being vested in them by virtue of sections 159, 160, and 161 respectively of the Companies Act, 1862.' Should the above resolution be passed by the r- ouisite majority, it will be submitted for con filiation as a special resolution to a second spi eial general meeting, which will be subse qwntly convened.' 