" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a perBon towards his mealB. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a rigorous j appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently recsived a communication in which the writer says, «. I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did hiB nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mjBtery himself. Ho says-" In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, BO to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appealed to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was gocd. My tongue was coated and furred, with a daTk Hue down the middle and yellow fur round ifc. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at bis heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says," the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid o eat '.After a time I .otinlo a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, bis own deatb, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of biB blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brum enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled ou, but what i I Buffered for over two years is past my powers of description, I am sure no one suffered so much as 1 have d «?." I in the latiei statement he iB undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There ia a countless mul titude who are all .the while going through the same experieuce, only we don't happen to come in touch with tbein.. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment bad left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel'a Syrup. " My wife," he says, got me a bottle at Mr. Lang staff's, in Woodlesford, and after usiog iis coutents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fottunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Bailway Company for eleven vears. < (Signed) "GEOEOE HONT, " Car iiottom Road, " Apperlev Bridge. near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that park of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what tea* sou. 