NOTES ON NEWS- Sir Orffhatu Berry is avowpdly on tho wor-path for now taxes, and from to-day tea pill carry increased duty of 2d pep pound, arU spirits oiio tif 3a pur gallon, Nov taxos are's nccoaaity wliioh must be accepted with a roaignatton Havored by a gonerout amount of moro or leas artioulalo grumbling. Due Sir Graham at prosont bIiowb a melancholy waut of invontiveiteas In hia now taxation proposals. . He fan oply jog along in the ancient rut. llq takes the (ca and spirit duties which the newipaport in full throated chorus have been for months urging upon him ; and he is meditating a twopenny postage rate, which will be a lax on inUrcourte, and an income tax after tho South Australian pattern, which will be partial, inquisitorial and ppssoasod of a jiundrpd other utterly hatcfu qualities, But if Sir Graham Horry can mvenc.no new and rational taxes of his own, why does he not frankly confess his intellectual bankruptcy,and iuvite suggestions for new taxes from mankind at large.' If tho Herald wero to open its' columns to suggestions, and offer a inodoit premium for tho luub nQurtiivo nnd most pro- duqtive form of' now taxation, it can scarcity bo doubted that a hundred ,4 suggest ions" would come In of real value, Wjiydoes pot Sir Graham (urn to history? In his first and most famous budget in 1764, tho younger Pitt tnovod in ' a singlp night 133 financial resolutions, each oue dismissing ah old duty on creating a now one'. Amongst the new taxes wora duties on hones in goneral, with yet heavier duties or racehorses in particular;- on shoot- pig cqrtificateit on goid and silver piste, an carrisgas, etc. Pitt's new Uses, that is, ran mainly on luxu ries'' and amusements, and that pripcipte is sound and.f holaaonifl. What a golden field standing ripe for he tax' gathererVsickle, for exainplo is ihp raq- coprao I There are five hundred nes- mastingi a year In tho colony! A por centra J op ; the : pn>qp«d| of imuig inienti, down ' to . football matches, with prohibitive ratcs on, say, -prixe- fights, woul y|f!|d a river o! 'gold, Tapa on ampssuieuts hava the supreme merit that they are drawn from that portion of the' nations! wealth derptcd to ppig turiwi fhay do not tpuch ths fund ' from which tho necessaries of lifo era supplied. A Treasurer in search of cithor savings or a now . revenue might woll address himself with a light heart to tho Educa tion Department, No ono pretends that tho teachers are either overpaid or uuder- workod, yet tho department offer an almost virgin field to tho hand of a financial reformer. It is on gcuurAl grounds absurd for » community of a million peoplo sinking under financial embarrassments to spend L800.000 a year in free education. Tho countiy, for ono thing, is ovor- schoolcd, and many scores of schools ought to bo at once closed. But why should wo not, after tho oxauiplo of Canada, of the United States, and of tho London School Board— tho thrco moat successful examples of groat popular educational systems iu existence— have an education rato ? We cannot, porhsps, put back tho hands oil tho faco ot tlio clock, nud Login to oharge school foes on no matter how small a scale ; though human n&turo; is so built that primary education would bo more valued, aud thoro would bo fower truants, if parents had to visibly pay something for their children's schooling. But supposo half tho cost of tho schools wero raised by local education rates, levied through tlio- municipalities, and the other -half paid direct from the Treasury 1 This olon would at once relievo the Treasury of L300.000 or L400,000 por annum, and so make an incorno tux and a two-pouny postage rato unnoeossary. And local control, if it wool baud in hand with a local education rate, would bo not tho ghost aud sham it ia at present, but a very real thing indeed. There are incidental advantages, too, about an educational rato which it is unnecessary at present to recite. But we roturu to our " muttons," and onco moro demand : Wny does not the Treasurer show a httlo inventiveness in his unchecrfut task ? Has ago staled or custom withered his onco infinite variety Tho Irish feature in tho great election drama now being transacted in tlio "United " Kingdom, as it ia humorously termed, takes on more surprising features every day. In County Olaro Pemolhtca and Anti-Patneliitesaro conducting mill taiyoporatious agaiust each other ou a very largo scale. The loads havo been cut, and furious mobs, armed with pitchforks and knives, are mancuuvring against each other. At Muath Mr Michael Davitt has stood at bay. revolver iu hand, against his political foes. At Enuiakiilea Mr Redmond, bo tho cablo recites, " finding ' tlio MCarthyites coming against him, formed his sapportors into a square, in the centre of which ho took up a position, and in tiiisjoriiiation tbey descended upon thoir opponents, who wero routed after some fighting." If the near approach of Home Rule kindles war on this scale, how r-n earth can its actual arrival yield puaco ? 