RURAL REFORM. SIR-In reference to your leader of to-day on the above subject, allow me to explain what the new movement is, for I have been behind the scenes and know something about it. Some three years ago the committee of the Land Nationalisation Society in London commissioned me to write a tract to be entitled "Our Proposals," showing the practical measures which we suggested. I did so. The kernel of that tract may be expressed as follows: Demanded : That local bodies locally elected be established throughout the country, with power to acquire land compulsory from time to time, as required for small holdings, in such quantities and situations as the number and kind of applications may indicate, such land to be taken over absolutely, not merely hired for a time. Fair compensation being given to the dispossessed landlord. The land never to be re alienated, but to be let out, in limited areas, with security of tenure, and right of occupier to value of improvements, at reasonable rents, to be periodically revised as the land, apart from improvements, may have risen or fallen in value, The State (as represented by the parish) retaining the unearned increment and minerals, but otherwise leaving the occupier as secure in his tenure and its free from interference in every way as if he were the actual owner. Every acre thus taken by the public, and for the public, would be of course so much land nationalised. The thin edge of the wedge would be well driven in. There was no idea of exchanging a big landlord for a little one, or of compelling the landlord to let to the labourer. The landlord as such was to be quietly taken by the shoulders, paid, and put aside once and for ever. Where he formerly got Bay £1 an acre from the farmers, he would now get £1 from the State, without trouble and without risk, while the labourer would get the same land for say 30s., with absolute security, for which the landlord (if he let him have it at all would have charged him perhaps £3 or £4 without any security of tenure at all. There would be no cost to the State, but a large profit from the commencement. There would be no rash sweeping revolutionary measure, but a gradual tentative movement, the land being taken only " as it was wanted and found to answer, A friend writing me from England now says, " Who would have thought when you drew up * Our Proposals in 1889 that in 1891 they would be practically adopted as a plank in the Liberal platform ?" We were a small insignificant body in those days ; we are getting to be a power in the land now. By "Our Proposals " the farm labourer, the miner, the fisherman of the coasts, the factory hands scattered about the green fields of Cheshire (for many of the cotton factories are now amongst the green fields), the artisan, shop assistant, policeman, etc, of the country towns every worker in short within easy reach of the land would at once have the opportunity thrown open to him on easy terms of land enough whereon to make himself a home, to find recreation and amusements, to grow his own food, and to find profitable occupation when out of work. Above all, he would have an alternative to wage service. Now, as to the working out of the idea, take the farm labourer. Hodge, applies for, Bay, is acres, pays a small fee as guarantee of bona fides, and has his lot marked out. Here in his spare hours and off days he puts in his acre and a half. But an acre and a half well put in with spade labour on decent soil (and the parish Council elected by the workers would not take worthless land) will grow abundant food for a family. Consequently, before 12 months were over Hodge would find himself with his next year supplies already secured, and from that moment not only would he have all his wages free for comforts and improvements, but he would be a free man ; free to bargain for his labour on equal terms with his employers. If Hodge were a single individual, the only result of his having such an allotment would be that his employer would be able to get him for so much less wages, but where there are 10,000 Hodges around, equally provisioned and independent, this little game cannot be played. Hodge's first demand will be for shorter hours without lessened pay, and also for a week or two now and again when farm work is slack to do his own work without using himself up and with every hour and every week so gained he will be strengthening his position and see what a position that will be He will have, first and above all.analterna- tive to wane serviceman ever certain means of subsistence at least, and from this moment he will command the situation, and be able to work out his own salvation. He grows his own supplies, builds (or gets built) his own house (saying henceforth house rent as well as food purchase), insists on a week or two now and again at convenient seasons for his own affairs, or shorter hours or more leisure all the year round, He is henceforth king in his own castle, a free man, and no longer a serf bringing before the squire and the parson (and to realise what that means read the late articles in the Daily News and the account of the Rural Conference). He can now call his soul his own, and has leisure to read the papers, to discuss events, to form some sort of a reasonable judgment. It may be a wrong judgment, but it is not more likely to be wrong than the landlords or the farmers who have their class interests to disguise them as well as he. Free education, leisure, and the Press will soon put all parties on a level as to politics.! judgment. Suppose be reduces the hours he works for an employer by 25 per cent, that makes room for 25 per cent, more workers. It absorbs the whole army of the unemployed ; it settles at once one of the gravest difficulties the statesman has to face, and sets free the vast funds of charity for the relief of those who cannot work. It raises the (standard of wages all round, in the city slum as well as in the country village, for no man will continue to work in the city for less than he could get in the country. But it does far more than this. The increased earnings of the great body of workers means an enormously increased " effective demand " for coode ; it means the creation of a great home market, the stimulation of trades and manufactures everywhere. The ghost of " over- production " will be laid. There will be two capitalists running after one labourer instead of two labourers begging one capitalist for employment. This implies fresh Stimulus to invention, the multiplication of labour saving appliances, the increased effectiveness of labour. But the theme is boundless. I have no space to amplify or to meet objections, nor yet to touch on such collateral but important branches as those of withheld minerals, crushing royalties, building sites, and so on. I cannot even give a decent outline in one letter of BO vast subject. All I can hope to do is to give a glimpse, indistinct but bright enough I hope, to attract attention and stimulate inquiry. If anyone wants to know more about the matter he can apply to me and I will put him in the way of its While the leading papers and the upper classes have been jeering at the " three acres and a cow, as they call it, there has been a great movement going on underground, so to speak. Lecturers (agitators if you choose to call them, etc.) have been all through the country addressing the people and distributing their literature till the labourers have become thoroughly aroused, and are beginning really to understand this question better than their more highly educated superiors, who have only scoffed instead of attending to it. I It matters very little what Gladstone or any other prominent politicians" may say. The leaders on both sides are being pushed forward by the weight of a great mass behind them, a mass which is gathering weight and momentum every month. The land question is the labour question. The industrial revolution introduced by steam and electricity is as nothing compared to the social revolution which will be effected when we have thrown open the land to the people. " Access to the land " Is becoming the watchword of the masses in the country, and soon will be in the towns in England, and you will hear a great deal more about it before long. .,.,.. The English labourer is behind the Australian, but he is moving much faster and will soon overtake him, and will yet show . t.. A,,«i-r»iîan the way out of the wood. Yours, etc., A.J.O. February 1. ? ? 