. A QUIET GAME OF PCKER. America's National Sport. 8 (By " Smiler.") | When a strangor sets liis pedal oxtre- 8 mities upon S\ dney soil lie will bo asked 8 iu less than an hour, " What do you thiulc I of our beautiful harbor ?" When a visitor -8 lands in England he is not asked .lay- 8 thing, ho is told that he ought to feel g gratified to God that ho has livod long |- onoiigh to stop upon the piece of soil that 1 has moulded tlio destiny of tho univorso for centuries. Land him in Germany, and lie is asked if ho likes lagor beer, and how lie will - take it — in a barrel or a bucket. Drop him in Ireland. Home Rule is served up t;o' him at break fast and bodtiino. But if you placo that inoffensive wanderer upon any part of tho American continent, ho will hear noth ing . regarding the beautiful sceuory, ho will not be dwarfed by national glory, nor horrified by party politics. Not so, the great American people soar higher than bucIi paltry things, they havo souls that liover stoop to the lower lovol of common clay ; therefore when you land in that - homo of tho free, tlio first fellow you meet, bo he politician or policeman, will surely ask can you play i'okek. Tell him yes, and ho will fall upon your nock and embraco you as a brothor, aud that alono will bo about sufficient to intro duce you to tho bosom of liis family. Answer hi in in the negative and he will not let his dog defile the wheel of the cab that drives you from steam-boat to station. Bob Ingcrsoll, tho infidel orator, is not a popular man with vast sections of tho community, many strangers fancy that it is because he docs not hcliovo in tlio existence of a .Supremo Being. In that Vioy are iiustakou. Tho real reason is that Ingcrsoll does not play poker, and would not know a bob-tailed flush from a straight run. Tho Americans could forgive him for class ing tliom with tho cattle that are regularly killed at Chicago, they will overlook the fact that lie scoffs in bitter, biting lan guage at their holiest of holy things ; but when it comes down to the fact that lie will not, or cannot, play poker, they will have none of him. I onco heard an American speaking of this, thoir foremost orator. He said, " Look bore, sir, that man's speech over his brother's grave was a masterpiece. His effort over the grave of Walt. Whit man, tho good poet, was soft enough to melt the. grease on the hide of a redskin, and yet, would you believe me, ho can'f play poker. I toll you, sir, he's a great man wastod. Why, if he'd only taken to tho national game lie might have beea boss of a faro bank by now, or a Congress man. Nothing liko poker to bring out all the latent good qualities in a man. Teaches him to bluff better than anything I know of, and tho American who can't bluff aint worth his salt, you can calculate upon that every time, and it also teaches you how to 'call a man down just at the right moment. I don't wonder at tho lovo those people havo for poker, it is so very characteristic of tho people as a race ; so very levelling don't you know. I onco saw a crowd travelling in tho west. Ono was a cattle man, whose lips had become so used to saying G — D — it, that when you looked at him you saw a capital " g " in one corner of liis mouth, and a capital "d" in the otlior corner, while his upper lip looked liko an adjectivo waiting for an opening in the conversation. Not far from this fellow sat a Congressman, a fine, noble-' looking man, with intellectuality stamped upon every line of his commanding features. A bit further down tho car sat a " drummer," a commercial traveller as we g call them in Australia, a man with less | conscience and more appetite than an. emu. I A Chinese merchant, with a meek face and 1 a box of good cigar-3, filled in another 8 vacant lot, whilst an unemployed Gospel 8 dispenser was just opposito. Well, now, this team did not pull along at all well. The Congressman gazed , with contempt at the cattle man, the latter made tho air sultry with most un orthodox oaths every, time the " drummer " happened to disturb him, and the drummor filled in his time trying how 8 near ho could go to squirting tobacco-juice | on the shoes of tho Chinaman, who, in J turn, kept pulling strong cigar smoke in E the teeth of the man of many prayers and 8 few feeds. Bat at last' the Chinaman I drew out a pack of cards and a " kiddie," 1 aud dealing out a hand to four imaginary I friends, he sot to work to play poker by himself. He did not invito any one to join liiin. He nioroly played a hand, sinilod softly to himself, and went on bis colestial way happily. The cattle man was tho first to make a shift. He got up, yawned, and looked out of tho window, wont back again,- looked around him foolishly, and at last said to the little "drummor" that lio considered it an act of grace to "talco down the lioatheu." Ho was up to his neck in tho mysteries of poker in ten seconds. The heathen held tho "kiddie," and soon tlio cattle mail was sitting behind a big pile of chips red, white, and blue. Tho "drura- \- sner." succumbed next, and he seemed to forget that ho was an American" citizen, and that the banker was a pagan from fhe flowery land. Tho parson gave up tho ghost next, and cut in for all he was worth, and ten minutes later tho wholo bunch were on the job, all grouped under one great flag, Chinaman and Congress man just on a par, and each trying all ho knew to get ahead of the othor. It was a noble game. Tho Senator would try a bluff and get left, and none scorned to ... think it immodest if the othor tried to "stack" the pack, _A half sigh ran round the team when "the Chinaman caught tho preacher by tho elbow, a nd gently, but very forcibly shook out a pair of aces and throe kings from his sleevo. The man of many prayors was trying to get mad, when tho Chinaman poured oil upon the troubled waters by remarking. "Welly big sleeve, welly shaky train, alle same accident," 'and tho rest smiled and apologised for the momentary sus picions they had indulged in. Tho cattlo man replaced the pistol in his pocket, the drummer put down his club, aud the Con gressman took the moment of general excitomont as a favorablo one in which to bag four deuces aud plant thein iu his hat. It was tho national gamo, 60 elevat ing, so sociable, so truly American I felt truly humbled iu such company — and passed out weeping. 