SCBATCHINGS IN THE CITY Bx A. pENCIIu That every line which miHen here may lie Oo to itasoaxk straight and unerringly; That every laugh be dean and fairly bought: That condemnation never go unsought: 5!hat cut, or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim may he honest,, thought and purpose clear* The . Gawler Corporation have done a patriotic and therefore a proper thing. They asked the Parliamentary representatives for their district to vote in favor of the Land Values Assessment Bill, hut 'when those gentlemen told them tba.ttheirconsciencea would not allow them to do bo, the council practically said-"Very -well; we don't want you to do anything contrary to your principles-therefore, go ahead, and never mind our resolution," J pi a believer in the Bill, bnt personal principle is more precious than a pillion Sills: Sir John Downer and Mr, Hague did right in being loyal to theip conscience?, Certain other gentlemen, please copy, j Sir John has been a consistent opponent to the Bill, and so far that is all right, but ] he really ought not to make such a song about the presumed had effect the measure will have upon the poor working man, 1 Eaft XIX is really the poor working man's friend, and the clever knight should not ?nake it out to be his enemy, Mr, G. I*. I Barrow, the never^satisfied critic,- but honest | fellow all the aame, has been ecsarifying Sir John ftnd rubbing cayenne pepper and caustic into his wounds, flfe cloes not believe that Sir John & the wording man's friend, and Sir John does not believe that Mr, Barrow is right because he does not believe it. A result is a lively correspon dence in the newspajjers, but the con.trch versy is likely to end abruptly because Sir, Barrow is off to "Western Australia, having resigned the editorship of the Port Adelaide News, Mr. Barrow moves restlessly about from place to place, like the Wandering Jew in search pf rest, At this naompnt the general idea is that Mr. J, Gordon, brother of the Minister of Education, will have the appointment of Police Magistrate in succession to Mr, Pater, The only consideration which is likely to interfere with his getting it is the sentimental idea that he ought not to be Appointed by a Ministry of which his brother if a member. That is poor reasoning. It would be better to Jiave a gopd Civil Servant whose brother is fi Minister of the Crown than an inefficient one, no matter whether his father were an emperor or a scavenger. Some people are as inconsistent as the labor member in the Legislative Council who publicly protested against the Governor keeping his hat on when he opened Parliament, -Thp member forgot that in a free country the Governor had as much right to wear his hat as any one else had not to wear his. If the mem ber does not want "to keep his head uncovered let him cpver it. That might be ft sentimental advantage even to his neighbors. He might look his best with his hat on, provided, of course, that the hat were respectable, A proponent Brokeu Hill man tells me that the reason why the strike committee have refused to withdraw the pickets is that they are afraid of a large number of j their pwn men going b^ck to work. This statement copies from a map. whet sympa thises with the . strikers, f( but,'1 says he, truth is truth, and the truth in tljis matter is that we're hot afraid of outside men coming here, but of our owp. fellows leav ing us and going ipto the mines." ! "That's all very fine," said a more hot- j headed unionist, "but the men were asked at the meetings whether it was tyne that \ that they did not want to remain idle any i longer,-and not one of them held up his J band to show that it was true." VV hieh reminds me of the story of the Irishman who remarked in a public meet ing that if any beggar was snivelling, skulk-, ing, bowling, disloyal omadhaun enough to differ wid his sentiments, betlad, let him put up his hand at once like a man in the presence of the bhoys, and tee how he'dUJce a daylight hole put i#to his miserable carcase, at aU> at all! The band was not put up. Men have not always strong -moral courage at Broken Hill #ny more than anywhere else in a crowd, and the quieter fellows do not usually attend ring meetings. Bat all the same, the truth is that the best jminers at the Hill have believed from the first that the strike has-been a mistake;, and they will be very glad to go back to work on the terms offered'by the directors. : The community is getting intoa highly sentimental- and -maudlin; -mood.- The general inference from - toe newspaper correspondence respecting iliein^n Carter, who is sunder sentence of death for murder,. seems to be that he is, upon the whole, a badly-injured individual, and that it was veryunkind pf his victim to die so as to get ^he.poorinan into this scrape. If it were only possible, some of out humanitarians woflld sne -the ghost of the slaughtered man for damages, owing to the pain of xnind >yhieh the , death-sentence has caused to Garter,- This is all very nice and plejL sant, but whet chance did Carter give to poor Edwards? Do the humanitarians ever think of the destitute widow and orphans whom Carter's drunken cowardice created.? It does seem, however, rather cruel to have kept Carter-so long in doubt whether-or not he is to be hanged. Then, again, loot at the cases of the em bezzling Civil Servants, and think of the mischievous effect likely to be caused by any idea that if a guilty man mes a bit and calls influential witnesses to character, his crime is belittled and his responsibility reduced. The results of the recent Civil Service cases are being talked about very viciously in some quarters, and a wag in one of the coffee-rooms cynically proposes that a testimonial shall be presented to the men who have escaped punishment. A purse of sovereigns would be a welcome addition to the tangible recognition of the fact that they got off. 