"JACK." ; I A ROMANCE OF A STATION. BY FEANCIS J. DONOGHTTE. A quiet afternoon in a quiet suburb ot Sydney. The weather warm-sultry even ; no one visible,-probably asleep, as the closed window ehutters beyond those cool-looking gardens seem to betoken. A 8triay dog, dreamily agitating with half-closed eyes on some abstract question of canine sociology or politics, is too lazy or too much overcome by the lieat even to wag his tail. Evi dently his mental exercises are not vigorous; and the pet problem of canine sociology is not yet approach ing its solution. But what of that ? The weather is warm. J&t; le diable est mort! We are standing just at the ex tremity of one of those pleasant points -Darling Point, this one-that fringe Svdnev harbor. The sun-kissed water is visible through the trees just below. The houses hereabout - mansions rather- are evidently the dwellings of people of substance, and the smooth carriage drives and nicely-trimmed I lawns are as suggestive of wealth as the former are of luxurious ease or the latter ot lawn-tennis or pleasant gar den parties. A faint suspicion of faintest breeze all but ripples the plaeid surface of the sheeny wavelets that lap the white cand beneath the foliage fringing the shore, and it just moves into a lisping susurius the leaves that rest, as it were, on the high wall that rises beside us as we stand. A high wall, enclosing an eminently ''respectable" house. A brass door ' plate-ugh ! An inscription, "Semi nary for Young Ladies." Of course! Have any of my readers ever seen an establishment of the kind without a high wall, or a brass door-plate, or a freezingly " respectable " appearance, -or, may I add-Venetian blinds ? A briskly-approaching vehicle breaks the stillness. The rattle of a cab. It approaches-stops. An active figure springs out, rings, and passes within -passes into the eminently " respec table" house with the high wall and the door-plate. Presently he emerges, and not alone. Himself and his com panion disappear into the cab which has waited, and now rattles off. Hie companion is a lady, and young. Pretty also,. "We are interested in that. Let us follow, and before doing bo, let me quietly and calmly hasten to disabuse the excited mind of my reader of any suspicion of intrigue or mystery in all this. The occurrence we have just witnessed is the most commonplace and prosaic in the world. And yet, not too commonplace or altogether prosaic either. What though one of the fair boarders of Harrington HouBe school has just left the old schcol-room under the protec tion of her father's protege on her last and endless Christinas vacation, who will say that the first step of this fair young maid from the world of youth and dreams to the world of woman hood and life is not a step too irre trievable to be called commonplace, and far too fraught with the poetry of that grand life to be prosaic ! A young girl leaving school! Yes, .Dolly Pomeroy has just left for the last time the shelter of her Alma mater. Shortly she will be on her way to the great station of her grim old father, Gerald Pomeroy, of ' Wilnagurra, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmas vacation there, and, after that, she will settle down to the pitiless humdrum of station life, so cruel to the fresh, society-loving girL 3?or the last time she has dined aid chatted with her envying school mates then-for the last time slept in i that quiet old dormitory, with it white rows of snowy .beds, that looked so ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming through the window- that window looking over the moonlit water that Dolly likened to "the magic case ments opening on perilous seas in fairy lands forlorn," of which & romantic temperament and a young girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had even bidden farewell to the ogress-i.e., revered preceptress-and was already rattling briskly enough away from the old school aud its associations. And her companion, what of him ? Well, Jack was a, handsome young fellow, handsomely dressed in afashion able suit and hat, and yellow kids, and etceteras in which he did not feel quite at honie. Yct he tfaSs a handsome, gentlemanly. yqu< g ft How, with fair Saxon hair and blue Saxon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country about him, and-'tbe firm baud and the steady eye of the jnan who has got his station experi ence and earned it. Slightly touched, with the sun too ; hut lithe and slim as an acrobat, and closely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant-faced and soft-voiced too, when he pleased, as Bow; and yet with a passing shade of sensual self-esteem 'and egotism, even downright shallow selfishness withal. But tlie observer would never notice this, as Jack.bent kindly over the happy little maiden with, the bright yejlow tresses and blue eyes, who laughed back at his own, sitting by his side. Arthur Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason hut the merest whim of caprice, *? .Tack." Allerton was a handsome young feUow as I have already said. with a history. Very few knew his history. Dolly's father knew it. Polly did n«t, Jack's station friends were ignorant of it aleo, and if the casual visitor wondered sometimes at the half-familiar terms on which this noticeable young boundary rider lived at the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, in greater amaze at other things. For Pomeroy pere was an original in his way; but a very grim and stern original it was. And when, unknown to all, Arthur left his old English home and his sisters in Greenfield Grange in the shires, and was suddenly missed about the same time from his familiar haunts at the club and in the Jiow-when in short his forgery of his father's signature to meet his own ; gambling debts was detected, and the affair was hushed up, Arthur Allerton's father knew that in consigning him to the care of bis cousin, Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Australia, was placing his son in a severe school, where the penalty, but not tlie recol lection of bis lapse would follow him. And thiswas" Jack's" history. "Jack" he became, in. name and designation, at Wilnagurra, and as t% Jack" the reader knows him. And so Moily and Jack sped gaily on their way. ***** It had been a long and tedious journey; or, rather, it would have been tedious had not pleasant companion ship beguiled their way. Three hundred miles is a long journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from school are not the best travellers. But then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatters daughter, and then Jack was such a pleasant fellow, and his flattery and evident admiration weie very pleasing to the young girl fresh from school in the present instance, so that when at last the old home station of Wilna gurra came in sight, and the familiar objects greeted her again, and her grim progenitor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flushed cheek-well, by that time Jack and Dolly had become fast friends. Be it noted here, too, that before their introduction to the reader these young. people had never seen each other before. Dolly bad been at school in Sydney for the last three years, and for a year and a half before that Jack had been far enough avrav on an out-station, so that they met"almost as strangers. Gerald Pomeroy pere, must have been either a very wilder a very sedate person in his youth. There would have been no half measures with such a determined character as his. Now, his demeanor was severe almost to harshness, and his grimneBS only bent in the presence of his child. She was like her mother, who waB dead. And the memory of her mother was the bright spot in old Gerald's life-an oasis ever green. Theirs had been a romantic courtship, romantic with a'ltbe old grave romance of the courtly days of Gerald's fathers. But it had its darker scenes, and in these his cousin Arthur's father had figured* But, when a tlast the former, still a young man, had borne away his prize to distant Australia, and went out into the country with the pioneer squatters to hew a new fortune out of this new continent, he had thrown the past behind him, and left it with its dead. Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has not seen those melancholy plots near the old home-Btations of the eolonies, where the dust of the pioneers is laid ? Every station has its little necropolis like this, and that green spot with the white fence, shaded by two giant eucalypti on the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jack, and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, to the last named, the one sacred spot in the whole world. And Gerald s idol lived again in his daughter. For some days an unwonted brisk ness had enlivened the house. The festive Christmas season wasapproach in<* and the old-country traditions of the' family had bidden them make ready the festivities of the time. And so there was life and bustle about the station, and Dolly's cheery voice and presence, like a ray of sunlight, glad dened and gleamed"through the gloomy rooms, with their old-fashioned furni ture, as the servants lent themselves to her inexperienced direction, until, at last, the day was upon them. The house, by this time, was full of visitors, for Gerald had departed from his usual custom to welcome his daugh ter home. The Australian mistletoe was hund eve". TheChristmas dinner,with J its toasts of Dolly's health, proposed by sin enthusiastic young squatter from the country round, and drunk by all the young unmarried gentlemen of th'je district and adjacent township, was not gayer or merrier than the subsequent ball, where Dollr danced with most of her admirers, but, above all, and of the truest, with Jack. ^ ; jVir a few weeks after this the festi vities and mutual visiting continued. Bat with the New Tear the home station re-settled down into its normal placidity, which Dolly may be forgiven For mistaking for; dulness, and then the djull blanklevei of monotony com mended.. Witli pleasure Gerald had witnessed, his daughter's hearty participation jo the-seasori's^stivities, and with mis-, giving he saw the approach of the list less" laiieour which took its place; Now willingly enough the fact was borne in upon him that the life of the station was not lively enough for the ( young and active, girl, but even then he found it impossible to act on his convictions. "But Jack found his duties becoming daily less imperative, and daily he found more and raore opportunities to indulge himself with the society of the girl whose tempera merit naturally sought the society of some one of her own age. Their intimacy deepened. With passive reluctance Gerald watched it grow. He felt for his daughter's loneliness, which, he.told himself, was the result of his own selfishness. But his heartstrings had entwined them selves round the girl even more closely since she had returned home, and he could not bring himself to deny the luxury of her presence near him in his home. As a compromise he permitted the society of his protege more than would otherwise have pleased him. And after the last of those Christmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took a decided turn. With polished tastes that had been a long while overlain by the rough station life of the bush, it was natural enough that Jack would seek the girls' congenial society. It was the true reminder of the home life of his sisters, and of the graces of the world of fas hion. It were well if facts had con tinued to connect his impressions of Dolly's society with the home life of his sisters! The girls' youthful temperament found congenial society in her new friend's graceful tastes. They sang together, painted together, read the same books together. They rode out together, attended by Dr. Olby's groom, across the broad glassy plains whose surface rippled like the sea beneath the breeze. It was pleasant to rein up their horses together on the hill, and watch far beyond the tree-tops that surged and tossed beneath them, the bright flash and gleam of water, till the sun died out with a purple glow, suffusing all the scene with a halo of magic beyond all art of painter or of poet, in the calm Australian afternoon. And then to mark where the wind rose as the soft, light died out, and its hurtl ing breath swept towards them athwart the tree-tops again, but fiercer than before-on and on like the rush ing of some mighty sea, with the thou sand forest voices of bush and plain swelling up in that striking harmony of nature together, till at last swept round them, drowning their very voiceB deepening in its volume, the^ full diapason on the storm! Or again, to ride by the river bank "srhere the waters gathered themselves into long deep, placid Teaches, overshadowed by the great gums that threw their long shadows beneath them on the grass, in the peaceful eventide. All this was pleasant enough ; and these rides and their congenial companionship were revelations to both. So what wonder that Jack commenced to cultivate the decencies of social life once more, so that at last he almost felt like himself again in civilised garb, dress-coat and gloves. Such a state of things as this could have but one outcome, and it came like the culmination of an idyll". It was one quiet, memorable even ing. They bad just returned from a long ride, and the cool calm of the dying day had predisposed the minds of both to tender thoughts. Their ride had been gentle, and so, though resting, they were not fatigued. The natural lightness cf both had been , tempered just sufficiently to put them in harmony with the gentleness of the hour. It was a purely Australian evening. The lovers-for. such they were-sat by the window that looked forth over the expanse ot country that formed the Wilnagurra Station. The moon bad | just come forth, " enthralled with silver rays." It was just one of those twilights so rarely seen except in Aus tralia, when the light of day and the softness of night are beginning to blend. Far away, the dark line of the hills cut sharply the blue sky, and the faint shadow of the softest sunset purple yet seemed to linger ere it died. it was one of those great Australian evenings when the spirit of the time makes up for the traditional associa tions of older lands - when every rustling leaf seems to whisper its own love tale, and every wandering breath of air is burthened with a sigh. The light streamed softly through the stained window, into the room where dreaming youth and enticing beauty sat together. It was the old, old story ; woven anew from the same world-old wool, and with the same old familiar burden to the tale. j The curtain of silk has known whispers as 1 tender As ever the blossoming- "hawthorn lias heard. A. sigh-a. whisper-an embrace and our lovers -knew no more. :And lip met lip, and "sigh sped back to sigh, and love called unto love, deep unto, deep, and the ,world-old tale was told again. . * * * - * *????*? In the morning Gerald Pomeroy I returned again to Wilnagurra.. For three days he had been absent' .-In those three days a life was lived-and lost! ' Anotter Christmas. .. Tn a, few flays the anniversary will be upon us again., Again the home station wrung with the bote of preparation^ "anT was marked by the confusion of haste. . During the past- few, months ; from the event just described, its circum stanceshad been often-enough repeated .need I follow the decline, on one side of the passion, the progress of which I have lightly sketched P Postal communication between Wilnagurra and the metropolis, was not! frequent- "With favorable roads and weather, the Sydney mail reached the station once a week. Often the station was for weeks without its mail. One evening about this time such ajj overdue mail arrived. Quiet g. i budget of correspondence came to Dolly, -which she retired to read. Girls' letters from old school-mates, most of them, with bind seasonable wishes and Christmas cards, and the usual chit chat of girls. Dolly was deep in these, contrasting the life of the past with the present, arid dreaming innocently enough of a happy future. A familiar tap came to the door. It was pushed gently open, and Jack appeared in the room with an open letter in his hand. "With an expression which showed Dolly at once that he had received important news, Jack took possession of the cushion at her feet, and leaning | on her knee, waited till she glanced over the letter. It was an English letter, in a legal hand. In brief set phrases it told Jack that his father waB dead, and j that his presence was required at home ! at once. "With a sharp cry Dolly let the letter flutter to the floor. Jack had Dolly already in his embrace. With many long loving protestations he set the state of affairs clearly before her, and after many promises of a speedy re-union, he gained at length her unwilling consent to their separation.. Jack left Wilnagurra next morning. The holiday making was blank and spiritless, to Dolly without him. * # * * # Dolly Pomeroy never saw Arthur Allerton-" Jack"-in this life again. About six months later Jaok departed, Dolly was sitting alone in her room, the same to which he had come to bid her farewell. She had been reading, but the book now lay turned idly downward on her lap. She was day-dreaming, dreaming of Jack, when a letter was put into her hands. It was addressed in Jack's writing, and was enclosed in another, which bore the Sydney postmark. Hastily opening the enclosure, Dolly read as follows : Sydney, May 12, 1860. "My very dear Dolly.-Tour note will be forwarded to you by a friend, after I have left Australia, I hope, forever. I hope, I need not say how delighted I am to write this. "Of course, in leaving1 Australia for my natural home, I leave everything behind me. Therefore, dear girl, with pleasant reminiscences of the past and thanks for the relief you have afforded to the medium of bush life in Australia. Believe me., Tour forgetful lover, " Jafk." That was all. Dolly did not even cry out. Pressing one hand to her breast, to still the aching sensation in her heart, she mercifully lost conscious ness, as her book and the fatal letter fell on the floor at her feet. She was found there, hours after wards. The letter told her father all. Iiet me limn the immediate sequence with rapid touches. Gerald's worse fears were realised, but -the reality even far outstripped the shadow of his fear. It was now some seven or eight months after the first decided love incident we have recorded-since that fatal afternoon. Now that Gerald's eyes, so wilfully closed, had been so violently opened, the state of affairs was but too plain. As I have said, Gerald Pomeroy was a grim, stern man. His daughter was a doubly sacred thing to him. To have this holiness desecrated by the son of his ancient consin-enmity was more than he could bear. "Within a few weeks of his discovery, Gerald Pomeroy had sold his station, through the agency of a large Sydney firm. Long ere that Dolly had been con veyed to Sydney, and with a compe tent allowance, was left by her stern parent to the coldness of the world. Gerald Pomeroy sailed to England by the first home steamer. ##*### My story is practically finished. Two scenes more, and my drama of real life is done. The stranger in Sydney was often arrested some years ago by the occa sional passing along the streets of cer tain female figures, usually two : together, distinctively and uniformity dressed. A plain dress, 'with a long i blue cloak, depending from a straw I bonnet or hat, entirely veiling the figure and falling to the feet. The wearers look like nuns, or ladies of some devout order. About the year 1863, one of these blue-cloaked female figures was especially remarked in Sydney. The passers-by turned to ;gaze after the owner of that sweet, pale face, and those sad, blue eyes,'of which he caught but a glimpse as she flitted unrestingly past, a face andr eyes that haunted the observer long after, for the sake of the exceed ing , beauty, hut subdued pain they expressed Not a few, turned and followed the face and figure that attracted them. These ' she almost invariably led to mariy a poor and humble dwelling, and thence, if they followed her patiently, to- ^ certain long, ugly building in Macqiiarie-street - now fortunately pullpd down to make way for a more magnificent structure-and known as the pydney Infirmary. For she was a hospital nurse.' " Bjit sometimes the curious ones migKtlose tier 'among those dwellings of the poor, where she spent most of the time not'occupied in the sick ward, and jmost of the money that Gerald Pomeroy allowed his daughter. She would be lost for a time. But anyone following her into the last of these humble lodgings would perhaps have seen her, when her day was done, in Tier own room, and would perhaps have recognised in her, her cloak thrown aside and the long silky tresses of her goldet* hair escaping over hey shoulders, sitting there as we saw her once before when a fatal letter reached her fair hands-might have recognised in her the Dolly Pomeroy of Wilna gurra Station, if not of Harrington HouBe School. But perhaps the latter would be better brought to mind by the bright haired, blue-haired, blithe little thing of three years that made disorder among the playthings at the young mother's feet. As the child looks up, with its bright yellow tresseB and blue eyes that reflect back her own, we were reminded of that young girl's leaving school, four short years ago, when she looked up with the same bright hair and blue eyes, to the face of another sitting by her side ! # * * * And the spoiler, what of him ? Well, Arthur Allerton-the hand som edebonnaire-has goneback blithely and with a light heart to the scenes of his youth, to gladden the saloons of the noble and the boudoirs of the fair with bis handsome Saxon face and his faultless physique, to tell the old tale to others perhaps ; and to settle down by and bye to the decorum of married life and a seat for the country. See him there, among the balf-nude beauties of the ballroom, and contrast him as he glides softly and gracefully round the room with the loveliness of the belle on his arm, the envied of the fellows of his set and the favored ot the matrons. Contrast him now with the pale, sad figure in the white cloak, by the sick man's bed in the humble lodging, or passing swiftly along the Sydney streetB. See him at his club-in his box at the theatre--at Ascot. Surely that fair young face and those frank blue eyes, any that openness of expression that makes him such a favorite with hiB friends, can no more cover a hard heart of callous selfishness and ignoble, deceit than it can belie the -gauge it gives of a happy old age, with its love, honor, and troops of friends! Poetic justice is dealt. Such things are always so with these handsome, heartless husks of men. But not always, perhaps. Few know the owner of that closed office, to whose door the private cab of the handsome Arthur so often rattles up. The principal is never there when Arthur draws the money for his extravagances, for his patrimony has been shared by his sisters, aud his portion was not so large as it is reputed to have been. Had he known to whom his accom modating friend made his weekly report, be would, perhaps, have seen fit to dread the deep laid schemes of vengeance of his victim's father. For Gerald Pomeroy sits without the web which be has woven, waiting with grim and almost diabolic hate till his victim be well within his toils. 