. ____ , _ THE WENGARRY WATER- HOLE. By W.8. I was bushed—there could be no mistake about it. Not lost exactly ; when you know where a thing is it is not lost, they say, and I knew where I was—in the Bingara Ranges. But then you see there were twenty miles of them, all stringy bark country, each spur and saddle as like every other spur and saddle to untrained eyes at least—as—as—well as one stringy bark range always is to another. leant say more. You cannot see far. The tall straight saplings grow close together, and through their thickset stems you see nothing but other saplings just like them. _ Now and again you come on some forest patriarch, split ani gnarled and riven or lying prone among the underbush, and make a note of him as a landmark you will know again; but soon, to your disgust, you find that (here is the same aggravating family likeness among those patriarehs as among the youngsters of tbe tribe, Unkind critics have since suggested that if you travel in a circle you will observe a similar sameness and monotony in almost anv sort of country, but I was not travelling in a circle, r preseot]y j cani(3 up0n something I certaicly had not seen before, the Wingarry Waterhole. There was no mistaking it. I had seen a sketch of it at Wialdra. A dark still pool overhung by a wall of rock, to whivih a solitary old sheaoak clung and stretched its i split and twisted limbs over the water. A ' little spring trickled into the pool from the base of the rock, and the surplus water soaked i away into a bit of boggy ground. | " Don'tget bushed," my host had said when i I left tho head station that morning, '* and j don't camp by the Wingarry Waterhole.j I had done the one thing, sure enough, but I wasn't going to do the other—it was not a ; pleasant sort of place to camp in anyhow, j There was an gld tockoMsing the waterhole ; wuiuu led to W ajoi'3, out t-nen was ' ten miles off, and it was getting late. Old tracks are hard to follow at the best of times, ' and if stringybark country is bewildering in the daytime it is hopelessly so at night. That would not do either. I determined to follow the track a little way, light a tire, acd wait till morning. And row, if you like, I did take to ! walking in circles—three mortal limes did I , return to that confounded waterholo. The • third time it was getting dark, but I deter- ; mined to have oa& ti'j more. Fixing my eyes oil t an old trQ6 that towered above the rest, I made ! towards it and succeeded at last in keeping • straight. About a half a-mile or more from ; the waterhole I came upon a ruin—not much j of a ruin perhaps, but the only sort you meet) j with iu the bush—an old chimney. The hut to which it had belonged, or perhaps I should say the hut which had belonged to it—for the chimney is often the most important and substantial portion of a bush hut—had disappeared, and the yawning blackened gulf stood gaunt and lonely among the trees like some rude altar of a forgotten faith. It suggested forsaken homes, deserted hearths, light of other days' idea?, but it was better than the wattrhole, and by way of dispelling sueh morbid fancies 1 proceeded to light a roaring fire in it. The effect, however, was more eerie than ever. Hearths and homes is a pleasing phrare, but a hearth, even with a fire on it, wanting the home se6med lonely somehow and uncanny. However, I lay down before it determined to make th® best of things. The ruddy light flickered and danced on the slender treestems that shot up into the darkness like black pillars supporting a blacker dome, for it was a cloudy night and very dark ; by-and-by the tree-stems flickered too, and 1 wa3 sound asleep. I woke about the middle of the night with a strange sense of some one being near ine. The fire was dying down, the wind had risen. I tried to shake off the creetiy feeling and go to sleep again. I couldn't. I tried to get up and put some wood upon the fire; again]! couldn't. Something seemed to hold me down: a hand cold and very strong was on my forehead. I lay there trembling while the cold from it struok inward ; deeper and deeper went the death-like chill till brain and heart were numbed and I was lost to thought and feeling. When consciousness returned I was alone, luit in my heart the dread chill lingered and through my brain surged memories of a past not mine. I sat by adying fire; asingle log wa«smouldering in the yawning fireplace of an old bush liut ; a buuk from which there hung a frowsy blanket, a ricketty table, and the rude b<-nch I sat on made up the furniture of the place. The wind outside was moaning round the hut, now wailing in the boughs of unscsn trees, now cousin},' wi'h a s^hort sharp gust that : shook the crazy door, arid rushing dmvn the broken chimney sent a cloud of t:;ie uhitu ; ashrs whirling out into the hut, while ill unhei-tling this lonely fii;uru that v/us not and j<-t was myself ji»t in t!ii)Uj»!it. Old memories, [dim and foimless tt th'.-t, me;a hurrjinR shadows, pai-cil through my brain, telling the weil-worn of cham.TS throivn away, a younp life v.-reck.-d almost at tho outset from sheer wronRbeadodaess—there was a scrape of some sort, high words and a hav:ty blow. Then the picture grew darkf-- and clearer—long years of convict life, how i;i vny ? Let's see, the Judge said twenty-one ; the first five seemed like fifty I rcmemb-rc-d; I did not count the rest, but eae-h on<; put its mark on me, and left me more like the brutes and devils in human form among whom iny lot w.is east. Freedom at la?t—a hard rou-jli reckless life among men like myself, aiming our living, sometimes honestly, for we wero craek hands at splitting and fencing, ve old lags; taking to bushranging and cattle dulling when we got a chance. Then a woman's fahomely enough, but still a loving trustful face that smoothed life's roughness and made a bush hut (not this one, but another little better) into a home, so bright and peaceful, and banished the reckless demon in me lor a while. Another face, a small and very round one, with no more features than a Suffolk dumpling, and yet, somehow, it made the bright home brighter and left it dirker when it disappeared. Then illness—want—a struggle. How the door rattled. What was it that old nurse used to tell ? How a hand tried the door when one of us was dying. The poor plain anac-l face grow whiter and thinner. That door again ; how the wind was howling! The waterhole by the Wialdra track, how deep it was and dark, all hidden by the overhanging trees, no one would ever find it— something that waB lying at the bottom, a still silent something that was a living, breath ing man some hours ago. Why did ho struggle so ? He was strong for an old man, but helpless in my hands. ~ I did not want to hurt him. I only wanted the money. Why did he cling to it so and aghb desperately ? I did not mean to kill him even then, but somehow I did. I did not think much about it then ; just chucked him into the waterhole and made for the nearest township ; all my thoughts were bent on getting food for my wife. I went to the little store, they were new people there ucd did not know me; then I went homehome—was it my home, that locked-up hut so dark and empty ? I wrenched the door open and went in; the hearth was cleanly swept and cold—my wife was gone. I saw it alL a neighbour's wife who had promised to give a look to Mary when the conld had said a week ago that she was dying. She had died while I was away all these days looking for work. The woman, a splitter's wife, lived two mile3 down the track, but I knew all I needed to know, and turning away made a bee line through the scrub to this old hut. The fire was nearly out, the hut quite dark, and the wind, higher than ever now, was rushing through the trees aud scattering twigs and bark upon the rotten roof, and I kept thinking how it would ho ffl in the old sheaoak by the waterhole. I wondered who the old * chap was. Poor fellow. I had killed him all for nothing ; it would have bsen a long sight better if he had killed me. I tried to think what his face was like. Surely if I remembered anything it should be that. I'd seen it clear enough in the moonlight, but every time I tried to call it up I sa:v Mary's. I built up the fire, throwing on log after log, till it fairly roared, acd taking an old worn pocketbook from the front of my shirt I opened it. There was money in one compartment. I had not counted it, just taking out one soiled note to pay for what I bought. I did not count it now, but looked for papers that would tell the owner's name. There were not many, a letter or two, that was all; among them one that made me drop the rest; it was in my wife's hand. I stared at it, not reading—what need ? I knew every word. It was a letter written to her father a month ago asking for help. When no answer came we thought he bad not forgiven her for marrying me. The old man had not written, he had come. No wonder I saw llaiy's fiico. Again that hand upon the door. All right, I thought. I didn't need the hint. Should I go to the waterhole ? No, it woul 1 take too long, so I just pulled out an old pistol I always carried and settled the matter that way ; at least I meant to, but somehowldidnot shoot straight and fell across the fireplace dying, but not dead. There was a cry outside the door ; the hands were tearing at it madly now ; it gave, and falling inward showed Mary's face—Mary not dead but living. She flung herself down beside me and begged for a word, a word. " Oh Jim, dear Jim, how could you? Why did you not wait 'i Oh, live for my sake, Jim ; father is coming, he will be here to day, and everything will be so bright." The room was growing dim. I saw her look at the letters on the table: she would read them by and-by. Would it kill her ? I hoped so. I came to myself alone among the stringybarks. The 'last spark of the fire was dying down and went out while I watched it; tho clouds were gone, and through the tree-tops I saw the stars. It was intensely cold, the chill before the dawn, and their pale light made it seem colderand more lonely. I flidn'tfeel like lighting up that'fire again, but rose, and by the starlight tried to find the tra^k. At last Istruckit and followed it, in the erey morning light, walking fast. I got to Wialdra in time fcr breakfast, during which meal I was unmercifully chaffed for losing myself so close to home. " By-theway," said my host, "did you see anything of the Wingarry Waterhole?" "Yes," I said, "I came across it in the afternoon." " Did you camp there ?' 5 " Well, no. I did not. The situation struck me as decidedly damp and suggestive of rheumatic fever. Is there any other reason for avoiding it ?" '' Tbe men have a notion that it is haunted; and sure enough the skeleton of a man was found at the bottom when it dried up in the drought of 18—" " W hereabouts?"' " In the deepest part, just under the old c-heaoak." My eye6 had followed his to the picture on the walL A sketch rough but strong, taken in the summer noonday. I had seen it on a cloudy winter afternoon; yet, as I looked at it, I saw the moonbeams striking across its sluggish depth between the stems of trees cut down so long ago-that their mossy stumps, half hid in underbush. were all the picture showed or I had seen; while in the deepest shadow I sa<ra face—au old white face, strange yet familiar. I saw it sinking, sinking ; then only the pool, the moonlight on it flickering as the widening circles rippled and lapped against the slimy bank. Then all was still. I saw my friends were looking at me wouderingly, so I passed my plate for another c-hop and changed the subject. Of my strange ex peri t nee I have never ;poken. I don't believe in ghosts, o at least not in the conventional ghost who turns up in his habit as he lived. The ghost of a man I can t-omnrehend- the of » pepper and-salt suit and top hat, or a silk dress, or even a sheet " are, I confess, beyond me. Yet the souls of the . dead mnv return, who can sav? Was some: l*>or lost' spirit thinking over his lifo story with my brain? j ' 