ALONE ON A WIDE WIDE SEA. " : By-W. fOLARK RUSSELL Author op- 1 "A Sea Queen," "The Goldek Hope," "The .Wreck op/the -Grosvenor," "The Death Ship," "My' Danish Sweeiv m ' .ra./heart.'f.v&c;!: > - '! . ; i. AiL'RiaHTs Reserved.' i Chapter XVIII.— A Strange Offer. : Small la tile world of shipboard ; yot at sea tlicro often happen. contrasts in life not less violent and remarkable 'tkaiithoao which ono moots with in the crowded world ashore. This samo day aftormy .conversation with Alice Lee I quitted bor : cabin shortly before the luncheon uour, as she seemed drowsy, and sleep was all important to her whoso slumbers were cruelly broken and short throughout the night. Mrs. Leostolo in liponlier child, and finding her asleep came to her place by my side at the lunohoon table. ..... The passengers understood that Alice was resting, and the conversation was subdued along the whole lilic of the tabic. I said nothing to Mrs. Leo as to what had passed between iter daughter and myself. Though the mother knew that her daughter's condition was hopeless, she could not bear any reference to tbo girl's dying state. That is to say she would speak of it her- self, but with eyes that wistfully sought a con tradiction of her foars. How whilst I sat at table I observed that Mr. Harris regarded me with more than usual attention. There was an. expression of specula' tion in his face, as though I wero some singular problem which ho was wearying his brain to solve. His air wns also ono of abstraction, and direct questions put to him by passengers sitting near woro unheeded. Shortly before lunch was over Mrs. Leo with drew to bor berth. I remained at tabic, having for the moment' nothing else or better to do. Mrs. "Webber remarking that X was'albno loft her' seat and took Mrs. ' Leo's chair at my side. "It is, really too bad," said she, "that those wratohed mon," — rofdrringto Mr. Claok and Mr. Wodhnold— "should be arguing on their eternal subject of literature, when they know that poor Alico.Loo'is sleopiug and that thoir voices might awaken her." . "I have' not been listening," said I. " Thoy have not been'talking very loudly, I think." . - Ilooked towards the two gentlemen, and my attention' .being directed to them, I discovered that thoy wero argute", and, as usual, on literary matters. But thoir voioos wore some what sunk, as they recognised the obligation of speaking low.' ' " My simple contention is," said Mr. Wed- mold, ''that criticism as we now havo it is absolutely worthless. If I woro a publisher I would not send a book of mino to the press. I would content mysolf with making it known to the public by advertisements. A man writoa a review and it is published in a newspaper. Just before ho Bat down to writo tbo review ho was disturbed' by a double knock, and his servant handed him a manuscript which he sent Biz weeks bofore to a Arm of publishers. The manu-' script is declined with thanks. What sort of a rovlow will that man write ? Or he may disliko tho author of the. book bo has to review bo- cause ho thinks him too successful ; or ho may personally know him and havo reason to hate him j or, he may not know him and yot havo 'a literary prejudico against him; or, beforo ho writes the reviow tho tax collector may call, or he may havo a quarrel with his wife ovor tho weekly bills. But by tbo publi cation of bis reviow he commits tho aggregate intellect of tho paper in which it pppoars to his opinion- For reviews aro not quoted as tho opinions of Jones or Smith, but as the verdict of tho journal in which Jones, or Smith writes. On tho otlior hand, there may bo roosons why the reviewer should extravagantly .praiso a book which, woro it written by you, Clack, or ma, he would probably dismiss in a couple of lines of contempt. : Nevertheless, tho aggregate intel lect of tho journal is as much committed to this gross lie of approval as it was to the equally gross lio of denreoiation. Tbo namo of a news paper alone should never be quotod in, u. pub lisher's advertisement unless it bo understood that everybody conneotcd with the newspaper sat in judgment upon the book. A book should be served us a defendant Is served. Tbo papor that reviows a book abould convert itself into a jury. .It one juror alono is to decide the ques tion then his name'sliould bo given. My argu ment is— Whyshould publishers go on subjecting their wares.to individual caprice ? " "You will never get rid of criticism," said Mr. . Clack, until.authora lose their desire of hearing pooplo's opinions on their hooks. Evory ihnn who produces i bis. poor little novel, every woman who' produces hor 'poor little volumo of poems, pester ilia or her friends for their candid qp'ijlSoq. V ' Now if jihat candid opinion is pub- lisljiidj in' a newspaper and it' happens to be rather opposed to the author's own judgment of his book, tho natural thirst of the author is for the extinction of all critioism." " Did you over hear two mon talk such bosh in all your life ? " said Mrs. Webber. ' I will go on deck for a turn," said I, observ ing tho saloon wns fast emptying. . ' Those two men," continued she, looking at Mr. Claok somewhat spitefully, " remind me of a very old story. A Frenchman and, an Ameri can mado a bet that one would out talk the other. Iii the morning thoy woro found in bed, tlio American dead and the Fienchmnn feebly whispering in his ear." "If yon please, ma'am," said the captain's servant coming up to me, " Captain Ladmore's compliments and bo will be glad to see you in his cabin if you can spare him fivo minutes." I utoso and nervously followed the man to tlio captain's cabin, wondering what could be tho obj'eot of this message. Captain Ladmore made mq a grave bow, placed a chair for roe and seated himself at tho table at which I had found him reading. . " I hope, ' said ho, " you will not think me troublesome in desiring these visits. I have uot. had an opportunity , of conversing with you lately. You aro very mnoU taken up with poor. Miss Lee. How does sho do ?" "Sho is very poorly, "said L ".The malady seems to have rapidly gained upon, her within the, last, fow days.". . "It is tpo often so," lie exclaimed, " these poor consumptive people embark when it is toe late. Mr. M'Ewnn gives mo no hope.. I fear wo shall loflB tho poor, young lady— and lose hor soon, too." He cast his oyes upon tho dock, and his faoo grew unusually thoughtful anil grave. " And how aro you feeling ? " said ho after a pause. " Does this heat try you ? " ' "No, Captain Ladmore. I feel very well, a different being indeed since I came into your kind hands." " Your memory is still dormant t" " I am unable to remember anything previous to my awaking to consciousness on board, tbo Fronoh vessel." " It is. truly wonderful," said he. "Had I not witnessed such a thing I should not have .be lieved it. That is to say, I could understand total failure of memory, for I have' heard .of instances of that sort of affliction, but I should not have orediicd that rccollcotion can lio dead down to a point and bo bright and aotivo aftor- wards, as it is in you.' I havo'baon talking -to Mr. M'Ewau about you, and though wo peed lay no.ompliasis upon his opinion, it/is rightl should toll you that ho fears your condition may oontinuc For a considerable tinie." ."For a considerable timo !" I cried. . 'VWliat can ho moan by a considerable' time; Captain, Ladmpro?" "" ' . .,v '. . " Do not ho agitated. ., I mention' this merely for. a reason you will presently , understand. MTswan's judgment may, signify., nothing. Doctors are a very valunblo.Ipt and, ;tltoy , talk blindfolded when they speakiof the mind, ! Hut that . my meaning in inviting you tb visit ino may , bo blear, I wish you /.to suppose , that M'Bwan is right : In that onue! what is your futurotobo? . ' " "'..'i I gazed at his grave earnest face but made flim no answer. . . v. ' "/ "Lot mo re j) cat," said he, " that'you are. very welcome to the hospitality of.tMa- ship. wjiilat, she keeps tho sea, but on our arrival mi , tho. Thames it will bo necossary for you ' to "find another asylum. What can bo done for you, madam, shall be dono for you, always supposing that your memory continues , to prevent , yon from directing us! But it is a oold world-f — " He paused abruptly. . . ,'j """ ''' "Oh, Captain Ladmore, '-I hope my'jmemory will havo returned to me beforo wo arfivo'in England— beforo wo arrive in Australia." ..." I hopo bo, too, indood," said lio,' " but if Jit should not ? . . . You appear to Imvo found n very warm friond in Mrs. Loo. Yet, from my experionccs'asa ship master, I would counsel you, not to lodge too much hope in friends' and ac quaintances made upon the ocean, / "People 'aro'. warni hearted at sea ; they ore , always '.full of good intentions, but a change comes, when /thoy stop ashore." "... " Captain Ladmore," I exclaimed, '1 if' I am' not to find a friend when I lcavo your/ship, then, indeed, I shall not know ic/iat to'do." .' " That brings mo," said he, V to my . motive for inviting you into my cabin. And I wfllsay.'at -onco that you appear to havo. found a very warm friend on board this ship." . ' I imagined that ho would name Mrs. Webber,. but the... notion vanished at tho next utterance. "He. appears to entertain a very great admiration for you. It 'is not," oontiuued ho, with a low smile, 'usual for men occupying our relative positions to confer on sucli a raattor as'ho has iii'his. min'd, but I consider that he exhibited a proper delicacy of fooling in approaching ino Drat. You are temporarily my ward, so to speak, and'thor'e aro other considerations which induced him to oonfer with me on the subjeot'' ". . . " Of whom are you apoakihg?!' , 1'nsked.' "I am speaking of Mr. Harris, my chief officer," he ropliod. '; . " And what does Mr. Harris wiint," saidl,' feeling tho blood forsake my Checks. ' "Well, madam," said he, gravely, ."-he desired mo to sound you as regards your feelings" to wards him. It is his urgent request alone that makoame interfere; nor should I venture to movo in tho matter but for your present lonely and I may say liclploss condition. You nco- essarily need a friend and an advisor, and it oortainly is my duty . as master of this ship to bofriond aDd eounsol you. Mr. Harris is a man who, in tho oourse of a year or two, ought to ob- .tain command. In tlio profession of tho sea a man must boa prawn before he bccomcB a lobBtcr. His pay at present is comparatively small, yet it should suffice with groat care to maintain a homo. Long before I rose to bo captain I con- trivod to support a home out of my wages.' Mr. Harris is a very respectable, honest man, and a good officer, and I beliovo Ilia connections aro rather superior to the uverago relatives of mer chant mates." I Batoned whilst I otared at him. Indeed tho confusion of my mind was bo great that I scarcely grasped his meaning. He observed my bewilderment and Baid: " Tho matter may bo thus simply put : Mr. Harris is willing to offer you his hand in mar- riago. Ho is capable of supporting you, nnd will, I am oonviheed, prove an oxoellont husband. By making you bis wife, he secures yon against that future which looks at prosontdark and hopeless. Ho is willing to waivo all considerations of your antecedents. In that, Miss C., lie tells mo he hopes for tho best." He added, after a pauso, after viewing mo steadfastly, " I havo fulfilled my promise, and desiro to dono more. In Mr. Hnrris you havo met witli a inan who is willing and anxiouB in tlio most honorable way to pro- vido for your future. " " I will not marry Mr. Harris," Baid I. " It is o question for yonr own decision alone," ho ausworod. "I would soonor dio in ono of tbo miserable nsylnms ho talked about than marry Mr. Harris," I cried. Captain Lidmoro arched his oyobrows, and mado mo a grave bow as though he would say, " Thore is an end of the matter." "I am sure the man means kindly," saidl, my eyes beginning to. smart with tears, which I oould not suppress, "but it renders my situation truly awful to understand tlint you and Mr. Hnrris oousider I stand in need of the sort of assistance your first mate offors/' i - " Remember,. madam, "said Captain Ladmore, gently, " that on your arrival in England you wilt nood n friond if you are still unnbio by that time to tell us who your friends are, and to what part of the world you belong.' "I would far rather dio than accept Mr. Harris'a offer," said I with, a shudder. " Let us thon allow the matter to rest," said tlio captain, "no harm has been done." - : " How ilnro be make suali a proposal through you cried I. " He may mean well, but how. does be know who I am t" "Ho is willing to take all risks" said tho cap-, tain, "but you do not entertain his ' proposal, 1 theroforo the matter ends." Wo both rose at oucc. " You have shown me tbe greatest kindness since I have been on beard," said I,, "and, some further great kindness yet I will ask of you. It is that as tlio master of tho ship you will, com-, insnd Mr. Harris not to uptuik to. me. nb.oqt inarriago." "I will do so," said bo. " I will beg you to command him. to hold aloof from me, for 1 wish to havo nothing to say to liim." The captain bowed his head affirmatively. "And will you also command him, Captain Ladmore," I cxciaimod, " not to whisper a syl lable of what has passed!" : ".You may trust him to hold Mb tongue,", aaid ho, smiling. "Wero tho news of Mb having mado ..this oifor' through you to leach tlio passengers, I could nevor hold up my head again, I could not hear to, quit my borth." . ,' "Tho secret shall bo entirely ours," said tlio captain. , , I hurriedly made my way through. tho saloon, outered my berth in tiie stcorago, closed . and bolted tho door, and flung myself into my bunk. I had wept in the captaiu's cabin, hub I was now too angry, too confounded, to slicd tears, though I longed for the relief of tbem. There was a sort of horror, too, upon mo, such a fooling as might possess a woman who had met witli a shocking insult; and yot I knew that no insult had been offorcd to mo, so that tho horror which was upon mo was as inscrutable ns over tho.omotion had been at other times. T'horo is no ocoasion for mo.to refine upon my condition; tho psychologist might well laugh at my speculations ; yet I will venture to say this, that when Iloek back and recollect my feelings at this time, then, knowing that I was without .liiomory to ozaito in me tho detestation with wMoh I had listened to Captain Ladmore's com munication of Mr. Harris's offer,.I cannot doubt that tbo wild antagonism of my heart to it. must havo been owing to the memory of iiutinat-a memory that. may have no more to do with- the braiu than a deep rootod habit has to do witiv. tke- consciousness. .. . ; .... . .u t.j u.r \- But not to dwoll upon this. I.sat;motionless: on my bed : fur I know not how iongua . time,/ thinking and thinking; I then- batbedemy fnoa. -and cooled my hands in water, eand stood at. the opon window to lot tlio . draught caused , by tho, rolling of the Bbip brcathe upon mo, iUnd tbus l passed tile afternoon. . n: viuio; i.u :-n : Shortly beforo tho "first dinner! boll rang Mrs;. Riohardi-knockcd on my -door. 'Ilbade hor enter." Sho tricd tho -handle; t and fonnd tha bbltsbot. -This was unusual,- and on1 entering ullo gftzed nt -me with - attention;.- ; Sho ranked mo- nvhat b the matter was,-, and! answered tbati tbo heat: bad', eausod my head:to:a'eho, and that I thad been lying- down! No! doubt: sbo perceived- an iex- prcssion on my face which told hor that aome- thing.'moi-c tliau a ileadac b o- ui led me,' 'but aho did:not press her queations. She bad como to isay that: Mrs.: Lee.'seht: her love, and wished to. know.what had beoomo of mo during the after- : noon; . !.: ; .'li:-!.. 1 hopo to sit witli MisB. r.eo this, evening," said t.I, . but -I shall -not dine: at the ' dinner.- .table;";.:.:; o : - r/r ( i, ! "Thon i I:will.bring. you- somoudinncr hero," -said, she,-, and-, after, wo .had .qonversedin little iwhileiabout the heat of the weather : and about! Alice Lee,. ; tho kind motherly Mittlo. woman loft: me..'; ; -. ; ' i I oould not rally my spirits. The mere thought of what.Captain Ladmore had said to mo induced a -feeling of crushing- humiliation;'-. "and then' there was /that deep;- mysterious; impenetrable - emotion of loathing which I have before men; ' tioned.: Oh,it was shocking to think that" my' condition should-bi) so eruolly forlorn as to ohal- longe.an offer of marriage from suoh a'man as' Mr. Harris.' Nothing could havo mhdo me more bitterly understand how. helpless T- was, how' hopeless,' Ihow lonely. I sought comfort in the recelleotion of Alice's words ; but not only did. it miserably dispirit mo to tiiink that tho dear-. -girl- must die beforo the wish. .shei. '. ex- : pressed could take effect ; I was haunted-by the osptaih's language — that tho world was cold— that the kindly intentions of shipboard acquaint-- ance ' were not often very lnsting — that' when people- stepped ashore after a ' voyage;:the- -nipmories thoy carried -with thorn speedily perished out of thoir minds. ! - I ate a littio "of tho dinner that Mrs. Richards brought" me, but I had not tUo heart to lcavo my cabin. '. I' felt os though I had been' terribly degraded and outraged, nud my. ' inability to' understand why I should thus fool when all tho while I was saying to mysolf nothing but kind ness was meant, no insult could possibly be in; . tended— I say my inability to understand the1 dark, subtle protest and loathing and sense of having been wronged that was in my mind, half crazed me. Twice Mrs. Richards arrivod with a' message, flrat from Sirs. Leo and thon from Alice, invit ing mo to their cabin, but I answered that my head aobed, that I did not fool well ; and when tho door was closed Is tood at tho port hole broath- . ing tho air that floated warm off tho dark stagnant waters and watching tho; stars reol to tho sluggiali motions of tlio vessel. Presontly I hoard tho sound of a boll; . I counted tho chimes — they were oiglit : and so I know tho hour to bo oight. Just ttien, aomoono gontly knocked on tho door; it was not tho stewardess's familar rap. I said "Comoin,"and the door was opened. "All in the dark, Agnes?" exclaimed tho valco of Mrs. Loo. "What is the matter with you, my dear? Why have you not como to Alice, who' has boon expecting to see yon all tho evening ?" " I am so low spirited, doar Mrs. Leo, that. I am not fit company for Alico;" I answorod. "Will you light tho lamp," said alio' "that wo may sco cnah other?" I lighted the lamp nnd sho closed tho door and seated horsolf, viewing mo steadily and taking no notice of tho interior of tho berth, though this was hor first visit to these Bteerago quarters. " You look pale, "said sho; "palonnd worried. Are you really ill, or is it tho mind? Toll mo, my doar. Tho mind might bo making, a great effort that affects you liko physical sickness would, but it may be tbo very effort to pray for." I had felt that nothing could induoo mo to confess what had passed ; but the tenderness of her voico nnd manner broko me down. Her sudden presonco mado mo acutely fcol the need of sympathv. But my hoart was too full for speech. 1 took her hand and, bowing my head upon it, wept Sho did not- speak whilst I sobbed, but soothingly caressed my hair with a touch soft and comforting as hor daughter's. I After, a -white Igrcw composed, and then, with my faee averted, I told, hor that tho captain had sent for mo after lunoh, and I repeated to. her tho offer. Mr. Harris had requested him to make to mo. Sho listened attentively, and, on my ending, oxclaimcd : " Well, my doar, it is a proposal of marringo as extraordinary in its manner of reaching you as tbo whole oliaracter of tho man who made it. But what is thore in it to causo you to frot and keep yourself locked 1 up in this dark place?" . ' : : "It affeatsrao as a dreadful Insult.'! ) - . - "But why? It is not meant as an: insult; - Captain Ladmoro is not a man to suffer ono of "Ms officors to insult you through him." ! " I cannot explain, Mrs.. Lee. -This offer of marriage has shocked mo as tiiongh it had ' boon somo horrid outrage, and I do not" know why." - . - , Sho Bilently regarded mo. "But that is not all,". I continued. "Tha -- loathing, the horror tho offer has caused is too deep, I fool that it is -too dcop to. be owing , .merely to the offor. Somo sense, lying in black- ' ncss within me, has been shocked and outrnged- But that is not all;- the: offer- has made mo fool ihow lonely I am, how utterly hopeless my f uturo must bo if my memory does not roturn to mo." . i " It is very strange," said alio, " that you should feel that this extraordinary recoil as of loathing comes not from Mr. Harris hirasolf as it xvoro, but from his offer." ' , " You exactly express it," I exclaimed ; "it is not tbo man but tho proposal ..which fills ran . 'with a loathing!" ! " And you do not. understand why this should - !bo?" said sho. - i i "No, because tho man means kindly. 'Hoap- . proached me oven with dolicacy through the ' icaptain. Thore is nothing whioh should makei " mo loathe him." ' " And still his offer, fills you with horror and -, .disgust." " . " .. . " 1 ' | I " Yes." ' 1 Sho surveyed mo for a while, lightly running - hor eyo over mo with an expression ef inquiry. Sho then said, "Do you remember- what that gipsy woman told yon V" it - ; I reflooted and ant wared, " She told mo muoll that I remember. '.' "She told yoiv," Baid she, "that you woro a married woman. What elso sho said matters not. But she told you, -Agnes; that you woro married, anil that you have left a husband -who wonders and grioves over yonr absenoe!" I drew a deep, tremulous broath, not knowing - what moaning she had in her mind. : " From what you have now told me," sho con tinued, "I am disposed — mind, -'my dear, Ionly: ' say disposed — to beliovo that the gipsy- woman .may bo right,". . "From what I havo how told you ?".Toohood.'- l ; "What can-cause this deep recoil in you from Mr. i-.Haris!s. offer; - -What ; can- ooension your .dotostation of it and the bittor fooling of; shame. It oannot bo _tho offer of tho man 1 It rcaclicd you in the most inoffensive manner possiblo. ' 'JJhere is hardly a- woman who - would not find 'something in such an offer of marriago made by ucli a man under such conditions to laugh at.- No honorable- offor of marriage can fill a woman - with loathing. A man: can pay: a woman no - .higher compliment that to ask ber to ; be his wife, and no woman, thorofore, is to bo un utterably outraged;' as- yon -tell mo you aro, by/-" .tlio highest compliment: our.-sox. lean: reoeivc; .Nor is it as though Mr. Harris, wore a monster; - of a figure and faae to justify- tbe. disgust his .offer has excited. AVliat, .thou, is the reason of this abhorrouce ?". , .. , . ; , She" sank into' a" 'reverie,' during which . I 'watohed hor almost breathlessly, "I shall not .he at all surprised, '-.Agnes;'' said.sho, presontly, . . ;.' if you provo to bo a married woman in spite of jyour not wearing a . wedding ring. There must , ,bo a reason for your not wearing a wedding :ring, and some of these days, please God, you. .will bo able to account for its missing from your fingor. -I boli(ivd; 'yea, I earnostly believe," slid twmf'bh,' looking at me eagerly_Jn tlio oyo.g, v ''that your antipathy "tubhTs offer; tho senso or " .insult that has attended this offer, arises from a .robeiiloni of "thb" instmots'j which possess . tho truth, -"though' thoy "are unable' to comhiunioat'o it to the intelligence. -Tho improssion of mar riage— tho great momentous step of every woman's life — i'to'o.dccp to purisb; jYour seorct horror, your unaccduntnbfo loathing, is the ailbtle and nnintolligible revolt .of yojur ohastity (ns a wife sgftiiist- ari' offer that ia an insult to ,that ohastity. I believe this, my doar, I do Indood.;',- T1--;"I Vi3 138 a.lT— -III :'i: :;.i ' , ' ",Oli,.God 1", I oried, .and my bursting, .heart oould Ohdiib.htkcr 'vent, than that 'cry of " Oh! , 'Goa'i'f." ; . :/ v. , ; ' -/" ; - "You must not Re distressed," dphtuiuca tho \\! ;dehr little womd'nj caressing : my, hand, V be- J caiise burspedulatio'ns' should '.be. tending ,thd' rightiwajf../ Suppose we arc able to satisfy our- BoIyc's .that 'yciU jafd a wife. : . tho knowledge' will bo', hdistinct tgaU, something to empjoy with.; profit oh-our leturn to England... But to, bo'abld: . to .form hid ideas . whatever about you', ,:my, dear., .' .' Aqd .now'I wish, to say,a' vyord. about!'! your .fiituro.',' Odu you, lioliovo that. of fer.our,! ossbciatidhon . board this ship, dftohthdjfridnd--; . sliip hotwoeii you und my darliog obild, 7Iijould,| boar 'to lose Bight of you on ourrotiirn hoino ? !' . But you havo b'eon. so much upset by.-.' what lias happo'ned to-day. that., I will not. talk' ., to yoa now, about tho future. , Come with md: . to. Alice," said she, rising; "it is.not long after.'. 8, sho has boon wanting. you oU..tho;-aftdr-'.V noon and ovoning, and will be glad if you will , sit with hor for an hour." , ' - , : And now happened anotiicr interval of sliip board life, during which tlioro ocourrcd nothing ot" interest enough to troublo you , with. That-, Captain Ladmoro had delivered myanswor to ! Mr. Harris, and that ho had also requested, perhaps commanded, his first olfiocr to , .trouble mo no further with bis attention, I could not , doubt ; for.whon next morning I mot Mr. Harris at tbo broakfast tablo 1 never onco caught him . looking iny way. Tlio twist of Ms mouth-; seemed a littio urior thau usual, and hiscoun-,. tonanco might generally express a slight incronso - of acidity of fooling ; nevertheless, he talked .. somewhat more freely than was commonly. Ilia oustora, Willi attcntivo to what was said, and appeared to direct his eyes at everybody but at me. . His behavior mado mo easy, tbo moro so since.; I was suro he would not- taik of what had passed, . so that the ridiculous, qnd., to mo, tho liumili- - ating uicidcnt, would bo Kiiown to nobody on board excepting tho Lees and the eaptain of tbo ; ship. - Aud horo I might as well say — for it is tlmo P that I should dimiss tho few shadowy figures - whioh flit hetwoon this part of my story and tho - sequol— that ever after, whilst ;I. remained oa: board tho Deal Custlo, tho behavior of Mr. . Harris remained tho samo ; that is to. say, ho. never looked at mo and never accosted me. If I . approached that part of tho deck ,wkpro ho was standing lie instantly walked away. . For a day . or two after I hnd received his "offer." I would briofly saluto him with n " Good morning "or somo suck pbraso if wo had not beforo mot in tho day, but he never turned his oyos. to my faoo, nor answered mo, nor took any notioo of me, for which behavior in him, as you mayBuppose, I was truly thankful. And yot, somehow, he so contrived his maimer that his downright catling of me, if I may so oxpress it, was muok less , noticeablo than his oonduot had boon whilst, as I may suppose, ho was making up bis mind to . offer mo msi'iiage. Nobody romarked upon his behavior — I nover, indeed, heard a whisper . about it.' Bo was. indeed an extraordinary. person ia bis way. I suffer my memory to dwell briefir upon him bcforo. lio slalkfc ghost lilto off tho little etage of my dork and.mcmomble 'experience. I have no donbt wkatover ho wna in earnest In Ih'b dcsii to marry mo ; and I have/sinee understood that it 'was in the power oE Captain Ladmoro to nnito lis, for it seems that amongst tho privileges enjoyed by the master of a merchant vessel is the1 right to solemnise holy matrimony nnd to moko two people one as effectually as though they woro tied together by a olorgyman on shore. I often reoall the poor man nnd specu late on his- motivo. It would be ridiculous to feign that ho had fallon in lovo with me ; my fncoand thin white hair must have preserved him from that paBsion. Ho might indeed have imagined in me certain intollcetaal graces and qualitios and fallen in lovo with his own ideal, Was it pure goodness of henrt that caused him to lake pity 011 my lonoly and helpless con dition? Or— tho . notion having been put into bishoad by . Sir Frederick Thompson— did he Bcoretly bclicvo that I belonged to a -fine old family, that his marrtago to me would conneot him with pcoplo of titlo and wealth, and that for all he know whou my momory returned I would bo ablo to tell him that ha hnd married a fortuno or cnongli money at all events to release him froma. calling which ho appeared to liato? His strango offor of marriage, however, resulted ill persuading me that I woe a married woman. It would uovcr havo entered my head to imagine snail a thing but for Mrs. Lee, and then when I came to think over her words, nnd to reason upon tho horror chat had visited me whilst I listened to Captain Ladmore, thoro grow up in my mind a strong secret conviction that I was a wife. It was not a discovery. Indoad, as a surmiso it was no moro holpful to my momory than tho little city knight's assurance that I was a member of the honso of Caltborpe ; and yet it could not havo affected mo moro had it been a discovery. I would lie awake for boura during tho night thinking of it. When I was with Alice my mind would wander from the book I read aloud to lior from, or my attention would stray from lior language whilst my whole ititellcctual being sank ns.it were into the black olinsm of memory, wliore tho mind with sightless- vision 'would go oh' fruitlessly groping until tho useless quest grew at' times into so keen n torment that often I was con- , vinoed'I should go mad.' " ' ' < - Again and again when alone in my berth I took dowii the little mirror; as I had beon used to do in tho.carlier pnssagos of this exporionoe, and sitting with it'in 'my- bands in a posture that, brought tho light . flowing through the -'port hole an to my faco.so that tlioreflection of ' my countenance lay-brilliantly in tho/minor, I \- would pornso my lineaments, searoh mlno own eyes; dwell- upon "tho turn of rny lips/and all : tno while I would b'o aiking myself with a soft whisper,- but .with' a :'hehrt Tnckod'.with the anguish Of hopeless inquiry—' Who am" I? Can it bo that'I am a'.wlfo? ,Ob God I what is it whioh seemB'to assure mo'that Mrs. Lee's belief that I am .a wife is true?. And thon I would \- eay to myself whilst I sat gating at my fncoin the mirror, If I-nm a- wife, 'I may have' children. Can it bo that there aro ohildren of mine own ' in tho unknown home in the unknown country from whioh God has banished me in blindness; that'thero' aro -children there whose mother I am, who call me mother, who havo cried for me in the day and in tho night hb their mother who has gone from them? Can it be so, ISvould ask mysolf ? And then I would bend the ear of'my mind to the mute lips of my dead or sleeping memory, and imagination would strain within me to catoh some echo of a child's 'voice, ' of n child's cry or laugh, that would "remind me and giro mo back tlio imago of what,' since I now believed mysblf a wife, I- imagined that' I had 1 lOSt. ' ' i' ! ' ; . (TO BE CONTINUED.) : 