Varieties. «» How the User Kilts and Eats. In a {inner road before the Bombay Natural History Society recently, and pub lished in its journal, Mr. Inveiarity, a noted ihikari, discussed the habits of the tiger and especially the mode in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think be seizes by tbe throat others by the nape of the neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has cxaminsd scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an old bosr who bad been seized by tbe back of tbe neck from above. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by tbe nape of the neck by a man eater, but saved by bis companions, bad no idea when be recovered bis senses what bad happened. Whether dislocation of tbe neck takes place is doubtful. Tbe tame bunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without break* ing tbe skin; possibly tbe tiger kills in tbe same way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing Bever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak ol flows from tbe throaty wounds. Very large and powerful animals like the bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in tbe first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. Having killed, tbe tiger almost invariably begins eating a bind quarter, consuming one or probably both. Sometimes be leaves tbe stomach and intestines as they are sometimes be will remove them to one side, making a neat parcel of them. A tiger anr a tigress together will finish an ordinary sized animal at one meal, leaving only tin bead. In this case it is probable that tb< second begins at the fore quarter. Animals are never eaten where they are killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They are not lifted clear of the ground, but .-dragged. Havirg gorged h/maelF.the tiger sometime! lies close by bis prey, but if it is hot weathei and there are hills in the neighbourhood, hf will-go a long distance off before resting for the day. He prefers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in the close hot jungle. He returns next night and finishes what is left, but he never eats a second time on the same spot, dragging the remains of the prey 40 or 30 yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half-devoured animal and desiring tc catch the tiger, tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours'steady eating to finish the fore quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverarity eat over a small tigress one night who ate for ten minutes, then went away for twenty, probably to drink, and on her return ate steadily for two and a quartet hours. He did not fire, as he could not see her. Tigers are cannibals; they will rceke theii meals off each other. They are supposed to kill once in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to ' hunt much for a few days; but a tiger kills whenever be can. They have been known to kill on 14 consecutive nights. ^Hr. Inverarity believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of s few seconds. The shock produces a stupoi and dreaminess in which there is no sense oi pain or feeling of terror. The powerfm stroke of the fore paw of the tiger is .s fiction; he clutches with his claws as on< might with the fingers, but does not strike blow. Tigers wander immense distances st night and, as they like easy going, they go on roadi and paths. They do not like to move dur ing the haet of the day, as the hot groun< burns their pads and makes them raw. The; can on occasion climb trees. In Salselte one climbed after a certai: Pandoo, but could not reach him, and re tired. Pandoo, thinking the coast dear, go' down and ran toward home, bnt on the wa; was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pandoc died of the tiger eating him ; there was ni other cause of death. Nothing was lef except some fingers, which probably be longed to the right or left hand." Native* have a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his head and wan him of danger, or point the way to free) victims. 