In a recent article we dealt with the views of Mr W. MASTON, of the Trades and Labor Council of New South Wales, delivered at a meeting of the Australian Economic Association, Sydney, as to the causes which .have brought about an overstocked labor market, and the natural result of a gradually increasing number of unem ployed. Mr Maston named several contributory causes, but the principal factor of the problem, he thought, was the application of scientific aids to production, that while it cheapens the product, and, in a way, makes the comforts and luxuries of life easier, to acquire, yet it has a constant tendency to throw an increasing number of men out of employment. The present result he declares to-be that while 40 or 50 years ago it needed about half the able-bodied men of a com munity to produce the food and clothing of the general population, it is now possible tp do this by one-quarter of the number, and as all these are naturally desirous of procuring the means of subsistence, and as they all have an instinctive feeling that they have a right to live by the work of their hands, what are we to do with those, he asks, whose means of making a living are being taken from-them by the adoption of labor-saving machinery 1 It is .needless, he says, to quote the truism that the world is wide enough for all, and to state, in a general way, that welbapplied labor always meets its reward, but experience tells us that' the working of" our present social system results in multiplying the num ber of unemployed and crowding the towns at tiie expense of the country. There is the fact and we cannot explain it : away. Mr Maston declares that we have only one alternative before us. We must either devise means by aid'of which every willing worker shall have work and wages, or we must prepare for a relapse into barbarism. It is useless to talk about the law of supply and demand in this regard. Useless to contend that, because poverty tempts, or rather sometimes compels men to sell their labor for less than it is worth, the employer is justified in ac cepting that labor on its own wretched terms. Those who, by the miserable sweating, practice, do all they can to drive the worker into open revolt, would be the first and the loudest, he says, to howl against the results which such a revolt would bring about. They are willing enough to oppose their own selfish interests against the natural rights of man, or against the fundamental requirements of sound industrial progress and social well being. But, in the end, those rights and those interests will, most as suredly, have their revenge. In all the past the floating mass of surplus labor has played, although, no doubt, unwillingly, into the hands of those who would profit, and have profited, by the degradation and oppression of the worker. Take away that surplus labor and things would speedily right themselves. And what .Mr Maston proposes to dp is just to taka that surplus away. Let us see how. To begin with, he sees clearly that any system of industrial reform would be a failure if it did not provide for the aged and the weak, and also for those who are, by force of cir cumstances, driven into occupa tions which they are physically unfit to r follow. ... The great indus-. tries of the world demand, lie says, the strong, the young, and the vigorous. Older and weaker men, whenever a depression of trade comes are forced into idleness and poverty, and so keep up a floating balance of unemployed, always ready to compete with younger and stronger men on lower terms, and always pessessed by a hostile feeling against a state of things under which they are unable to earn their bread. Mr Maston thinks this should not be. He would fix the ordinary retiring age at fifty years for such as could show that they had done at 'least twenty years work in Australia. - He would provide for these out of the proceeds of a tax on accumulated wealth or on the unearned increment of land, and he would give those who were mani festly unfitted to stand in the front rank of the battle of life a chance to retire to a plot of land and a cottage in the country, and let them do what they could to sup port themselves, or, if that were possi ble, make a profit, out of their own industry. This is part of Mr Maston’s scheme, and deals with only those who are out of their own infirmity entitled, on considerations of humanity to be relieved from arduous and exacting toil. In the second place he would secure that the able and strong and willing worker shall never suffer from lack of such work as may be suited to him. To this end he would esta blish a State Labor Bureau, to furnish at all times, full and accurate information of the condition of the' labor market. There should also be. State Medical Inspectors, whose duty would‘be to report, after examination, all cases where men, from ’age, inj, firmity, or other causes were un fitted - for ' ; their usual occupa tions, <• but nevertheless were cap able of agricultural or other and light employment. Thirdly' the Government should place in the hands of trustees, chosen from the Trades and Labor Council, a sufficiency of good agricultural land with free access, by rail or. road we presume, and a loan of £5OOO for each individual settlement to bear interest, after five years, at 6 per cent. To these areas the workers who are always dropping from the front rank and clogging the labor market would be sent, with a chance to live in peace and comfort. The periodical congestions in the ranks of industry would be removed and, in effect the sturdy laborers of the community would command - the labor market instead of, as now, the market mercilessly commanding them. This, in brief outline, is Mr Maston’s plan. The question is worthy of considera tion, and Mr Maston’s proposals, with certain modifications, indicate a way of dealing with some of the unem ployed. We think, however, that but few of those who have had any ex perience of farm work’ will concur with Mr Maston’s idea that it is easy, and fitted for broken down workers, and we also fear that not many of the unemployed, unless trained to it, would thrive and prosper on the land, even were it given to them without money or price. Every facility should, how ever, be given to those desirous of venturing on the enterprise, and although this proposal might not be altogether successful it would un doubtedly assist in solving the diffi culty. The opening of the Great Southern Railway, which is to take place to day, is an event of more than usual interest and importance. If the line does not literally add anew province to Yictoria, it will at least place within easy reach of the metropolis an Extensive new district rich in natural beauty, in mineral resources, and, as to portions of it, of great fertility. And yet the terminus at Port Albert is only 136 miles from Princes Bridge. With this terminus there has been communication from Mel bourne for more than 40 years. Many men yet with us will re member the passage by sea from Hobson’s Bay to Port Albert in the schooner Meg Merrilies, which was in the old time mail and passenger packet, and cargo boat for the latter place. The voyage might, under favorable cir cumstances, be made in forty-eight hours, or when conditions were adverse, might occupy a week or more. Some times there were runs for shelter into Waterloo Bay, or into the ever restless waters of Sealer’s Cove, or it might be, under the welcome shelter of Rabbit Island. Time was of less value then than now, and voyagers were, as a rule, not averse to taking life easily. There- have been steamers since then and the traffic has gradually increased, but scarcely anything has been done to open up the stretch of country now traversed by the Great. Southern line. The reason is that the area in question is difficult to approach from .either the Melbourne or the Gippsland end. Without costly road making, there was hardly a possibility of exploring eastward ' from* Dande nong, except by the aid of pack horses, and he who would travel westward from Port Albert ' had to choose be tween almost impassable scrub and impracticable ranges. A few gold prospectors and others made their way southward from the old Gippsland road, and opened up Stockyard Creek, which has long earned a place in the list of our payable goldfields. What they found and what they saw gave the impression that there was much much more country worth exploring. So with others who penetrated through the scrub and over the ranges. They found grand stores of fine timber and fertile soil. And so by degrees there arose the conviction that along the route there were magnificent resources awaitingdevelopment, and that the best and cheapest" way of opening them up was the construction of a railway. The actual length of new railway is 118 miles from the point of junction with the Gippsland line. The first section was let to Messrs Falkingham and Sons in December, 1886, for £251,271, the time of completion being Ist May, 1889, and actual date of handing over, June, 1891. The second section 44£ miles was taken by Mr Andrew O’Keefe, on 18th Jan uary, 1889, f0r"£325,693, arid has just been completed, a year over contract time. The third section was let to Messrs G. Buckley and Sons, in May, 1889, for £74,978, and has just been completed, also a year over contract time. The line crosses the first range at Korrumburra, at a height 746 feet above the sea, then descends to the valley of the Tarwin, then again mounts the Hoddle Range, at an eleva tion of 420 feet, passing through through lovely scenery. There are some sharp curves, and grades up to 1 in 40. We say nothing at present as to the possibility that the Southern line might have been built for a little more than half the money it will eventually cost. The railway is there and will have to be paid for, and we have at least the satisfaction of knowing that whatever the net financial result to the depart ment, it will at least be very valuable to those whom it serves, as a line of development. Along its course there will be rare opportunities of rearing fruits and produce which do not thrive so well in the warmer and drier parts ( of Victoria. There will be gradual migration of well-to-do folks to the churraing residence sites which are to be found in limitless proportion along the line. There will probably be before long a line of communication to Mount Singapore, from either Foster or Welchpool, and a magnificent sanitarium and seaside resort may be added to the holiday places of the colony. The through traffic between the termini will probably never be much. It is in giving ready access to the beautiful, rich, .and fertile district which lies between those termini that the line will have to vindicate the wisdom of its promoters. It has been costly, and the interest charges and working expenses will be high. Still it might, after a few years, cease to bo a burden on our railway system, and pass by degrees .to the status of a pay ing line. A number of the electors of Fhzroy are (says our Melbourne correspondent) prepar ing a requisition to "bo presented to Sir Graham Berry ns soon ns he arrives. The requisition asks Sir Graham to allow himself 'to be nominated for the constituency at the next general election, and the signatories pledge, themselves to try and secure his return. It is stated that Mr Thomas Carroll, of Victoria street, will be a probable candidate for the representation of Ballarat East at the general election. A Routherly “ buster ” had things pretty much its own way in Ballarat yesterday. The violence of the wind raised clnuds of dust, and made out-door enipl- yment, even to walking about, extremely unpleasant. There was the usual lull at nightfall, but at a late hour rapidly moving masses of cloud seemed to portend a renewal of the gale to day. The annual election of members to serve on the Prospecting Board will take place to-day. The young man Greenhill, alias Davidson, alias Griffiths, alias Williamson; particulars of whose arrest by Detective Charles on a charge of having embezzled the sum of £l5, belonging to the Singer. Sewing Machine Company, have been published in JTit Star, appeared before Mr O’Meara, P. M., and Messrs Morrison, Murray, and R : clmrds, J’s.P., at the City Police Court yesterday, and at the request of the police remanded until Tuesday next. Bail was allowed in £lOO personal and two sureties of £5O each, but was not forthcoming. It is rumored that the prisoner had made all ar rangements for his marriage on the 25:h instant, to a very respectable young woman. The grain traffic is beginning to make itself felt at the local railway stations. Yesterday a large number of specials, chiefly from the Western district, passed through Ballarat en route for Geelong and Mel bourne. The idea of holding a New Year’s Dsy race meeting has been mooted by the Bur rumbeet Pai k Racing Club. It is thought by some of the members that it might inter fere with the Lai L*l races, but others con sider tlie district could and would support the two meetings on the same day. It is argued that the Lai Lai club draws larg-ly upon the Geelong and Melbourne side for its visitors, and that many who do not go to Lai Lai, principally those living west and north-west of BslLrat, would attend a meeting at Bnrrnmbeet. It has not yet been decided whether a special meeting of the. members shall be convened to discuss the matter, or it shall be allowed to remain in abeyance for a few months. In all pro bability nothing will be dono in the way of formally broaching the subject until after the club’s Foundation Day meeting. It is stated that several prominent breeders in the district have expressed themselves in favor of the two meetings, and should New Year’s Day not be fixed on, it is quite likely the club will fix upon some other date for a second day’s racing during the year. A ynung man named ErnestTliompson, residing in Skipton street, sustained a severe scalp wound and abrasions on the left arm by a fall of earth in th« Sir Henry Looh mine yesterday. His injuries were attended to at the Hospital, Considerable interest was taken last night in the run-off between two pairs of the City Fire Brigade. At the Bnwtnrale sports on B >xing Day, these two teams were the last left in, and took first and second prices, but owing to the lateness of the hour, the final whs not run. It was ar ranged accordingly that the run should taka place between them last evening, the winners taking the gold, and the Insets the silver medals. The conditions were that each team were to have three runs against tim", those making the best time in two out nf three to win. In the first run Messrs -Lnvitt and Party won, but the other two events were won easily by Messrs Daw and Williams, who thus take the first prize. Lord Hnpetonn. Governor of Victoria, passed through Ballarat yesterday evening, in the Adelaide express, en route for his country residence. The quarterly meeting of the Ballarat District Licensed Victualler’s Association Was held yesterday afternoon, at Craig’s hotel. Mr Charles Forster, president, occu pied the chair. There was no business of consequence to transact, but the president drew attention to the forthcoming excursion' to Queensoliff on .'the 11th proximo. He thought it should be not only a means of enjoyment, but they should endeavor to call .together thccnmmitteeof the Melbournessso elation for the purposeof holding a conference on various matters. One of these should be to formulate a scheme for working together to endeavor to increase their political power, and to obtain relief from the unreasonable pressure at present placed upon them. The vice-president (Mr Irwin) agreed with Mr Forster's remarks, and the meeting autho rised the president to invite the committee of the Melbourne Association to most at Queenacliff to hold a conference in order that they might make a simultaneous effort in the direction indicated. Our Maryborough correspondent informs us that a serious accident tn the pumping machinery of the Chalk’s No. 1 Company occurred yesterday morning, when the clack of one of the lifts became impaired. Under gr mnd operations have been temporarily suspended pending nec-ssary repairs. To-n’gbt the Rev. W. S. M ‘Queen, of Soutli Australia, will be inducted into the pastorate of St. John’s Presbyterian Church. The moderator, the Rev. C. Cameron, will conduct the service, in which the Revs. Taylor, Robinson, and Burns will take part. On Sunday next special services will be held, at which the preachers will be Professor M’Dinald, of Ormond College, and the newly- inducted pastor. The members of the Commercial Club antertaiueil Mr Thomas Lowers in the club rooms on Monday evening last, previous to bis leaving Ballarat. In the absence of the president of the club (Mr Jas. C ighlan), who was in Qneenscl-ff, and from whom a tele gram was received, expressing regret at not being -present, and wishing hearty co operation, Mr S. G. Valentine was voted to the chair. In speaking of the guest of the evening, Mr Valentine • referred in kindly terms to Mr L-wcrs, who, lie said, always took mure than an ordi nary .interest in the welfare of the club, and remarked that in matters of general business his opinions were often sought for and highly prized. He considered it a general loss to Ballarat that Mr Lew era was leaving, but he hoped he would remain in the colony and wished him and his family every happiness. Mr Lewers in responding said he considered the club members had done him’ a very great honor and he would always look back with pleasure to the time he spent amongst them. He had always endeavored to shape his course of life 8 o that L could P* rt with me " hi c“ the sum. friendly way "> «' he Imd rajthem, and he certainly . in partingen for » time with the m . of the clii He thanked>l present, and Imped theime harmony which had market! the con (Id of the members in the would comae in the future, and tha ttM club on prosperously. The of the chahau was then honored, and (1 “ J respondedo, and the meeting parted alter singing “uld lang syne. Very mentary rtrence was made to tlie sp ei manner inliich Mr Harrielretou conducted the arrangients. A man lined John M‘Guinness, who was arrested la; night by Constable M Kei on a charged drunkenness, became so vi lent that th arresting constable had grea difficulty making him to the lock up, when the cliargesf resisting the constable m 16 execution i his duty and assaulting > e police wereireferred against him, in a i tion to tha of drunkenness. jrGuinness will appeapefore the City Police Court is morning to!nswer the charges. The secod annual meeting of the local TailoreasesUnion was held at the Tra es Hall last Ilihl; the president in the chair. There was a good attendance. Tlie repor and balanceahtet, which showed the union to be in a fhurshing position, were adopted. It was decidedto loan tha sum of £lO to the Trades’ Hall (ounoil to assist in meeting ‘he prelimina? expenses in connection wit i he forthconing Eight Hours’ Day “ e " lionstration. The election of officers lor tie ensuing tern was then proceeded with, aid resulted n the whole of the retiring oficera being re-elected. Business of -a ro'ltiue characer having been transacted, anc accounts pissed for payment, the meet,- ing-loaed. Tie excoutivi committee for the A.N. A. Funntation D.iy demonstration met j ast night; Vlr C. R Church in the chair. The arrangement ‘of the programme for the literary aed jnnsical coinpetitions was left in the hands if: the committee specially ap pointed to jed with that portion of the demonstration.! -For the benefit of intending competitors in he musical items, it is imti , fled that Signo’ Zalman has been, appointed judge and MiG. Herheff, R.A.M., sole accompanist, ilr Herbert t will, under this arrangement, accompany each contestant. It was arrangd that the choir and male chorus comptitions, with otlier sliould come o ! on Monday, 25th inst, Tlie full' programs will appear in the course of a few days. *he arrangements are now in a very forward ;tate, and everything seems to point to a ven successful demonstration. In the mainenance case of Jessie M‘Loon against John M‘Leon, heard at the City Police Court yesterday, in which the latter was suminime! to show cause why a warrant of cninmitmejt should not issue in default of payment oi maintenance, it was shown that the arreas of maintenance due under an order mad by the same court some eight years ago, amuntod to £5OO. The defen dant was fiuei £5, witlr £3 3s coats. The case will be further dealt with at a future date. The montjly meeting of the Hospital Committee wll be held to-uight. Mr H. H. Gall, who for a number of years has actrd as teller in the locil branch of the Bank, of Australia, is about to leave Ballarat for a more advantageous positron in New Souh Wales. During’his stay in Ballarat Mr tall has mads for himself hosts of friends. He is a most enthusiastic ad mirer of aciuatics, and it was in a large measure ilneto his efforts that the Ballarat Sailing Clabwas resuscitated. He has also acted for sorie time past as secretary of the City Rowing Club, to which organisation he has rcuderec valuable assistance. Socially, Mr Gall hasmade himself a favorite, and it is not likeli hu friends will allow him to depart from their midst without giving him some token >f their esteem. In additim to the entries notified in oirr yesterday’s issue as for the Burrumbeet Park Club’s Foundation Day races, 12 horses were nominated at Windermere. This brings the total nj to 92, or an average of 13 for each event. The Windermere entries appear in our sporting column. ‘Mounted Constable Grotty, of Branx liolme, cami to Ballarat yesterday and took charge of the stolen sheep which were re cently reoo'ered at the Corporation Yards by Constable Rogerson. The flock was taken to Huniltnn where a man named John Vaughan, .i well known farmer, will bo charged with stealing them. The sports’ committee of the A.N A demonstration on Foundation Day met last night at the secretary’s office; Mr H. S. Simmons presiding. The secretary (Mr A. G- Watkins) reported that a large number of entries Imd-bann received. The balance are expected to come to hand to-day. Arrange ments have been made with the proprietors of several side-shows of a popular nature, and also for selling two refreshment and one publican’s booths for the occasion. The entries, we are informed, include those from many of the best pedestrians in the colony. Nearly all the champion mile runners have nominated for-that event, and a splendid contest may be anticipated. Should the weather prove fine, there is likely to be a large crowd at the Eastern Oval on the.26th inst. At the City Police Court yesterday two cabmen named A. Pratt and Andrew M'Donald were each fined 2s 61 with 5s costs for plying for hire’off the authorised cab stand. A maintenance case of Tamar Twyford against Walter Twyford was ad journed till Friday, while the case of Margaret Ellen Davis against W. T. Davis was struck out. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday :—Joseph Cocking, residing in Eureka street, suffering from the presence of a foreign body in Ilia eye; and 1 Jane James, residing in Main street, suffer ing from contusions and aedp wound caused by a ladder giving way. A well-known business man who is anxious to see the literary competitions annually airanged by the A.N. A. flourish has given to the committee a very handsome rosewood writing desk, worth £4 15s. The executive committee last night decided to leave it optional with the- winner of the essay on “ Sympathy ” to take the money priz * offered or the desk. The monthly meeting of the council of the School of Mines was held yesterday, when the accounts for the month were passed for payment. The more important items of business were deferred for consideration at the quarterly meeting to be held on Tuesday next. The Orphan Asylum children will spend their annual picnic at the Botanical Gardens to-day. To-morrow evening Rice’s “ Evangeline” Company will appear at the Academy of Music in the . opera bouffe the “Corsair,” which ran for six weeks at the Opera House, Melbourne, to crowded houses nightly. The “Corsair, - ’ we uiiderstmd, abounds with the most delightful melodies and calls into requisition the' most superb dresses and scenery. During its brilliant run in Mcl bnurnc the Argws pronounced tha per formance to be equal , if not superior to " Paul Jones." The “ Corsair” will only be played three nights ns another bill will be .given on Monday. Mr R. M. Goodfrllow, the inventor of coca water, has presented a pair of bowls to the Central Bowling Club for competition amongst the members. The present will be styled the Coca Water Trophy, and the com petition for the howls will start next week. The usual monthly meeting of the Ballarat District Band of Hope Union was held last night, Mr Bertiman in the chair. The usual routine business was gone through. Reports of active work from the various b mds were received. The hon. secretary informs us that the entries for th« different races in cnnnectiou witli the Foundation D.»y sports gathering celebration are coming in freely, and the last date for receiving entries is Friday next, at the secretary’s office, 3$ Lydiard street north, Mi'S Maud Caselli Carty, of this city, was successful in two classes at the Hamilton Exhibition. In singing she won the gold medal for competitors under 24 years of age, having been trained by Herr Carl Hartmann. In painting (her tutor in which is Mrs Gnarles Taylor, of Melbourne) she won priz 8 for Undso'pe and mirror work, uud- r 21 years of age. Some time since the position of second ■ fficer to the Brisbai-e Fire Brigade was offered to Mr \V. Newsome, one of the officers of tbs City Brigade. Mr Newsome was given some time to consider the offer, but lie has now declined to accept it. With reference to a paragraph in Mor day’s Star concerning the closing of the Holy Ghost College in Ballarat, a correspon dent desires us to quote a more accurate statement, made by a correspondent to the Argus, as follows:—" Allow me to say, in the first placß, that the college is not to be' • shortly disestablished.’ It Ims beeni aotudly .disestablished for more than g week."- Secondly,, the cause was never an. insufficiency of the touching stuff; hut a withdrawal of the members of-the order by the superior in France owing to ■ private reasons of 'u serioiw nature.” The resignation-of Dr Usher as-a member of the honorary medical atafFof- the Orphan Asylum was received- at the meeting . { the committee Inst evening. Dr Usher has been connected with the institution for some 20' years past. The resignation was accepted with renret. The nominations of-Drs Scott and Hardy were received for the vacancy. We have received twpies- of-the programme and conditions for the naval and military tournament to be held in Melbourne oa the Hth, 12th, and 13th February. The events are numerous and varied, embracing all. branches-of the defence force, and the regu lations are explicit and full. At the meeting of- the Orphan A-ylum committee last evening,.it was-unanimously d-cided to present £lO-each to Mr and Mrs Kenny, and the secretary (Mr B: Wreford), in recognition of the excellent manner in which they had carried out their duties during the past year. The following gentlemen have been re appointed representatives on the Board of Public Health?—Messrs William Anderson,. J.P., for the Western'shires grmip;, James Holden, North Yarra grouped; Hi Gearing, Eastern county boroughs. The Executive Council has approved of 26th January neat,, the anniversary of the settlement of Australia, as a public holiday all over Victoria., The matter »Tpublic holidays is (says the Standard / being dealt with in a hill which has been prepared for suhmiarion to Parliament next session. The bill proposes to assimilate the holidays under the Bank Holidays Act to the holidays ob served under the Public Service Act. This will invnlve the omission from the former of Whit Monday,'lst July (Separation Day),, and 23rd November (Constitution Diy), and the insertion of 9th November (Prince of Wales’ Birthday). The bill also proposes to make the'2Ctli January a permanent public holiday, aa.-well a a the 2lst April (Kight Hours Day)' and Easter Tuesday—all of which are now annually proclaimed as such. The advantage of the measure is that it will harmonise the practice of the PCibl : c Service and the banks and insurance companies in ’ respect to holidays, and render the gazetting every year of certain holidays unnecessary. Several applications have beau forwarded to the Premier for appointment as secretary to the Agent General,, which office has been, rendered vacant through the death of Mr J, Cashel Hoey, C.M.6. Some have been cabled from London, and two heads of de partments in the public service in lbs colony are among the candidates. In the Horsham district harvesting opera tions are (says the limes) in full swing throughout' the district, anil although farmers are unable yet to accuratrly esti mate the wheat yield, it is anticipated that on the plains the average will be about II bushels. Mr James Allan,,of Pimpmio, has attempted oat-growing with great success, 43 acres of Algerian yielding >gs, and 30 acres of Calcutta S bags to the acre, all being fit for seed. Although the Calcutta received the same attention as the Algerian, and was supposed to ho in better land, which was fallowed, it will bo seen that the latter variety yielded a far handsomer re turn. Mr J. ;G. Knight, Government Resident in the Northern Territory, died of asthma at Palmerston on Sunday. Mr Knight was an architect—a well-known public man in Mel bourne in the early fifties, H» had acted as Government Resident in the Northern Ter ritory for two years, and was very popular. The average number of- men employed at Mount Morgan for the last four years is 1100- annually, the gross amount of gold obtained since start 907.697 oz, and- the number of tons of stone raised 383,330: Amount paid in dividends, £2 15s per share on 1,000,000; shares. There were 46 dividends, ranging from 6dto2-6d. making an aggregate of dividends of £2,750,000, - . Apropos of the clnshig of the- session of the South Australian Parliament, the Register remarks:—“ln no previous session have there been so many instances ofi a member rising to speak in the House when lie was manifestly "Unable to talk coherently and in teligently. Seeing that representatives are paid for their services, a member who can not control his infirmities should certainly retire from public life. In any business house a man who repeatedly came to work in an unfit state would be discharged, and the rule ought to apply to those who are the salaried servants of the public. If there is to be a repetition of scenes such as were witnessed last session, the Parliamentary refreshmentrooins should be licensed,, and' placed under the same restrictions as public houses, and the caterer, if he supplies drink to those who have already had more than enough should be subject to the same liabil ities as the licensed victuallers. It is not putting the case ton strongly to say that there is a danger of Parliamentary refresh mentrooms giving rise to a grave public scandal.” A little girl was returning from school at- Lillimur (says the Horsham Times) when she saw a large snake go into an old iiibbieh heap. Her father procured a crowbar, and after turning all the rubbish over and seeing no snake, was just going home when he espied the tail of a snako projecting from a hole in an old kerosene tin. He {■•ithwitb broke open the can and what was his sur prise to see no less than six large snakes, one being six feet long. Mr Ballance, the Premier of New Zealand, calculates upon having a surplus at the end of the financial year of £lOO,OOO. The Melbourne City Council having some time ago approved of tho proposal to illumi nate the city by means of the electric light, some practical steps have now been taken to carry its resolve into practice. Tenders for tile supply of electric light plant, oibles, and other material have been called for, aud are receivable up to the 2nd April. A young lady, daughter of Mr George Butler, of Snaky Creek station, near Macarthur, was standing before the fire on Monday, when her dress ignited, burning her terribly before the fi lines could he ex tinguished. Medical advice was imme diately sought, but very little hopes are entertained of the patient’s recovery. Avery good story (says the Advertiser) U in circulation at tho railway station in con nection with his Exo-dlenoy the Governor. When Lord Uopetouu arrived in Ararat shortly beiore Christmas, not many on the platform were aware of his presence, and few of the officials at the station recognised him." Calling to one of the porters, he said very quietly, “ I want this luggage taken out to the trap,” indicating a carriage just outside! “ All right,” said tho porter, “I'll take these two big ones and you bring the little fellows,” at the same time taking two portmanteaux. “Very well,” replied hia Exodlenoy ns he took up the boxes and carried them out. Ie is reported that the Arabs who revolted at Yemen, in Arabia, against tho Turkish iulo, but were subdued with some difficulty, have again broken out into rebellion. Officials reports show (says an exchange) that native Americans average an inch taller than the English, and two-thirds of an inch t-riler than the Scotch. Dealers in ready made clothing also assert that th"y a( e obliged to adopt a larger scale of six's, > n width and in length, than was necessary » few years ago. Nor is this nervous, highly strung temperament shortlived. Dr Dor chester states that the average of human life is steadily increasing in the United States. It seems to he with msn aud women us with many girments—the finer material often outlasts the coarser and heavier look ing. Arrangements are about to be made by the Board of Public Health for an investigation into the condition of daity cattle in the colony. The object is to ascertain the ex tent to which tuberculosis prevails and what steps are being taken by local bodies to pre vent the spread of the disease. The appointment of inspector of singing w State schools, vacated by" Dr Summers, has not yet been filled. The late inspector was appointed by Ministerial authority, and was an extra departmental officer remunerated by the fees charged; but wow that the vacancy has occurred there is a question as to the expediency of placing the p isition under the Public Service Board and fixing a salary. The Progressive Political League linlils an important meeting on the 30th hist., when (says the Telegraph) the nature of the cam paign to be pursued at the forthcoming general election will be debated and settled. It is not likely that this gathering, which is Io meet at the Trades Hall, will be open to the press. The work of organisation has already been actively entered on by some of ♦he branches,- notably-those at Prahran, South Yarra, and Hawthorn, where oandi. dates to fight the seats in the interests, of advanced democracy ' have ' been already selected The names of -the gentlemen selected have not been disclosed, and the officers of the league decline information on the point for the preßcnt The duty of selection rests entirely with the branches of the league in the respective electorates, but the candidates will have to he ratified by the central council «f the league Meetings of the council for this purpose will bo held early during the month of February. Tmnorts into the United Kingdom Inst montE amounted to £3 800.000 more than corresponding term 1890. ilie exports were valued at £1t),854,000. Though every effort was made by the Prince of Wales to celebrate his 50th birth day as quietly as possible, it is said that con siderably over 250,000 telegrams of congratu lation and respect were sent t« Sandringham bv all classes of private persona, from all carts of the still United Kingdom, thousands of whom His Royal Highness had never •seen or even heard of. Alderman M‘Mahon stated in Sydney that the total revenue derived by the Government of New South Wales from Broken Hill in the ■jjast three years amounted to £414,4/2, while the imports were £1,‘830,000. 