|t(c^|lc!ti^tottl|itttcs PiMiihed Ecertj Tuaiay, Thnniay and HatnnUy. ' I am in the plncc where I am domnndoil of conscience to speak the truth ; and there fore tho truth I speak, impugn it whoso SATU1WAY, JUXE2S, ISOS. - The Mo meeting of tho shareholders of the Natlonnl Bank of Tnsmnnio, Limited, differed somewbnt from former gatherings, inasmuch as several lending shareholders anil business people of the city wcro found on their feet nil playing on the one string. Tho burden of their rcmnrkB consisted of denunciations of thoso busy-bodies' whose tongues hnvo caused several of tho Tns manl.in financial Institutions to pass through a trying time, nnd they hnd just grounds for their outsviokcn castlgntion of these Indi viduals. Humour with its hundred tongues had been busy at work. It wns a careless word hero, and an inuendo there, nothing tangible. Yet something that Illlcd tho air, nnd that £nvc rise to a feeling of distrust, but was like a will-o'-the-wisp when any attempt wns made to locate it. Still it wns there poisoning the mind, undermining confi dence, nnd creating a feeling of uneasiness' thoughout the community generally. It may have had Its rise In tho first placo In the mind of some ignorant person, or may be duo to malice, but from whatever cause it {arose, like a noxious vapour, it quickly spread, tarnishing nnd dulling the bright ness of the financial mirror, that otherwlso would give Kick clearly the reflection of perfect confidence. This Is generally the commencement of those financial panics whose dire effects have been so deeply felt throughout the Australian colonies. ' It has not licen thnt the work of production has been stopped or that there Is likely to lie a stlntugo In supplies, yet the mutual loss of confidence In tho community has been fraught with as dire effects as if n famine had really set in. True wo In Tasmania have not felt itns deeply ns thoso in tho other colonies, although wo hnvo not en tirely escaped, but that there wns danger in the air is evident from the tone of the re marks made nt the meeting. Danger not from any lack of stability In our institut ions, but from the effect of a panic, and it wns correctly pointed out that even the Dank of England would have to close Its doors under too much linnncinl pressure. People often fnll to recognise, or do not give sufficient thought to the fact, Hint our whole, system o£ fisanco is basml on mutual confidence, ltnnkiug institutions do not receive investor*' money to lock it up In their sirens rooms, but simply act ns agents between borrower and lender. They take one mnn's money to-diiy nnd lend it to another to-morrow. Consequently it is not there in the bank's coffers ready fur any panic-jnuacd call that may be made upon It. The depositors and shareholders express their confidence in the directorate by entrusting them with their funds, nud the latter, in landing it, demand fair security from thu borrowers. But securitiei cannot be turned nto sovereigns at a moment's notice. The depositor' sjvorclgnsiro [represented by bricks ami mortnr, or goods, nnd to turn tl.uni ncaln into gold, re quires both purchasers who have that that gold, and time to complete the pnrchnso. The amount of gold held by the banks has a limit, nud only covers a moderate pcrccn. t;ige of the numerous liabilities, ttm balance of which U represented by wealth in another form. Nor docs it pay fiunncia! Institutions to keep large reserves of gold locked up in their cellars, seeing thnt in this form it rep resents so much unproductive capital. Con sequently any utterances that may causa n ruu fur i'old ou a llaaudul institution should bo cnrofnlly, avoided, anil especially, ns in the cases referral to, there wns no foundn turn for them, nud nro deserving of ovory word of ceiuuro nindo nt the meeting. One at tho speakers, however, touched on two points that nro deserving of passing ? notice/. ? Tlio first wns that, nccohling to the banking records, tho Aiiglo-Tnsmaiilnn banks havo bcnoflttcil by the unpatriotic. action of local depositors In removing their deposits frpm tho local to1 tho ' foreign' 'institutions, and' nl«o that tho Tiumianlnu. deposits In these lnttcr banks are far In oxcess of Taanpjiulan, advances. The remnrks made have brought forth a reply from tho manager of (ono of tho foreign bniiks, mid also from an ex manager, , It Is noticeable, however, that they do not deny tlio mnlu facts, but wlillo ono remnrks that his institution has been a llttlo [mbro opcn-lioridcil thnu usual, the other simply deprecates tho rnlBiug of BUch questions at shareholders meetings. The second point touched on at' tho National Bniik meeting was tho Imposition of tho dividend tnx on our locnl Institutions, while the others escape scot free, or nearly so. Tills Is a matter thnt luii very conveniently been passed over In the replies made, but none tho less is nn Injustice. The ilivideiid tax nt the best is u clasl tax of the worst) description. Tho prjuniacf In which local institutions trnnsact!.Uicif)j)Uilncss have to pay local nnd real estate taxes the snnio ns any olhot business plnee. Tho shareholders hnvo to contribute their sharo through the customs, by which tlio lnrgest percentage of our rovsnuc Is obtained, ana why companies' of this sort should be singled out fora special tnx is a matter past onlinnry comprehension. It Is intensified too by thofnetthnt 'foreign' banks nre allowed to conic into competition with them on greater vantago, ground. A local bank generally hns its- shareholders' money and its capital as well ns Its deposits Invested In thofolony, but a 'foreign' bank need not do cither,' and, if the banking rc: conls go for anything, may Blraply act ns n. sucker to withdraw Tasmania!! capital for Investment '.elsewhere. Of eourso it will naturally do a certain amount of business where its branches nro established, but Hint it docs not re-invest but n percentage of the ToBmanlnn capital again Ib shownjxsyond doubt. There is no dcslro on our part to run down Allglo-Tasnmnli'ih institutions, but simply to point out the Injustice bur local banks nro laboring under In tho imposition of the dividend tnx, and to impress on tho former the necessity for studying .more closely the Interests of the people with whom they nro doing business. We area small and comparatively poor community, and require nil our capital for tho develop ment of our own trade and resources, and cannot afford to send our money elsewhere. Human nature is the snmo nil the world over nnd If tho 'foreign' institutions, were plnccd on the eamtS' footing ns ths local ones nnd re-invested Tasmnnlan capital ngnln in tho 'colony, they would iiiid that by tho re moral of the cause of complaint a bettor feeling would prevail nil round. . Wes&eyan; Anniversary.— Tho Hev. A. IS. Gilford, of Wnrntnli, will preach at the Weslevan* Anniversary service! to-morrow. On Tuesday a tea meeting will bo held at the Town Hall nt 6 o'clock, to bo followed bv a public mooting. We understand thnt tho newly-formed string band will mnko its lint appearance on this occasion, nnd render three numbers. The ltmis Bnud wlll.plny outside the hall prior to, the meeting. Ad dresses will be delivered by various minis ters, nud the choir, strengthened by outside support, will. render some choice selections, so thnt a most cnjoynMc evening is likely to be spent by those present. Tickets may be obtained nt this oilice— for the tea and meeting,!/. ' . Houbetoi' Notes.— A well informed correspondent writes :— Prospecting hero is steadily bciug'carrlcd on, and 1 mu pleased to be able to report that the old fluid is looking splendid. On Sphiks1 11 nil no worlc is nt present being done ns the property is nbout to be put on the market, it is a grand show nnd the lode is now cut on a section, south of Spinks', fully lft. wldei carrying tin, with a. seam of ipurc ovencar the western wall thnt will, assay at Ions t .00 per cent; The section referred to Is being prospected for a Burnio syndicato and sluieingi operations aro about, to bo started under the manngctnent of Mr. tTcngdnhl. M/Phcrson's association has also n valuable property, ami if the prico of .tin keeps up then: can be no doubt bu^ that the old field will get a good advertising. Pros pectors skins will not crack for want of a wetting ns it has now rained here for three weeks, and .tho surveyors too have had a lively time of It lately. N.W; Coast. Cvolino Club.— A commit tco meeting ot this newly-formed club was held on Thursday night, when rules were tlrnwn up to be submitted for .tho approval of the general meeting to he held on Tues day next, Letters were read from the secre taries of thu Longford nnd City (Launccs ton) clubs, congratulating tho local club on its formation nnd wishing it every success, which sentiments wo heartily endorse. , ltoatiY AboiDENivi-It will be- remem bered that last Sunday week Mr. It. Hay wood's buggy was ridden Into by two youug men and cousidcmbln damage done. Wo arc nre glad to hear from Mr. Hay wood that these gentlemen have dono all that they should do lu the matter, nnd the former gen tleman Is entirely Hatislied. This Is as it should be, as too often thoso who cause such damage nre apt to try their best to sneak out of either apologising or paying for it, instead of doing their beat in a mnuly way to make up for it. BunKii; Grass Band.— Wo understand that a meeting held on Thursday night it was decided not to pluy ou the South Ik-nch to-morrow afternoon, ns originally intruded, tho reason being that the baud will parade tho town, nnd play in front of tlio Town Hnll on Tuesday evening. The Snlva Anny baud nre also expected back here nn Monday, so the probability Is thnt our men arc afraid that wo sliaU have u surfeit of swi-ct sounds If wo have music three days running, lu this view of the -aso we do not agree, for numbers who cnnnots.parc time ou wad: days, aie only too glad of the oppor tunity of hearing fonio good music ou Sun day*. Murk tuut, ' Miirt.' 1-'I,OWEHDAI.K. — ' Mopoko ' write* ;-rA football match was to havo been played here on Saturday- lost, between tho new C.iiie Ulub and Upper Klotvurdali!. Klthcr on account of the mln.or that they were afraid to face tho Klowcnlalc team, the Cape men diil not turn up, so tho match had to be put oil. A very good game was got up by the Flowcnlalo men nud onlookers (numbering nbout 30), and was oarried on with a great deal of spirit. Wo hope Boon to liare the jleasure of witnessing a good rautob. between the vluts mentioned. ' Small-pox,— Somo alarm nlarm Is st|ll felt In Melbournu (Bays Tuesday's 'Ago') lest nn cpldmnlo of small-pox should result from, the cases of thnt disease which have boon discovered. Mr. Topp, howpvor, nnd qthor officials of the ltoanl of Public Health, whilst earnestly advising the observation of precautionary measures uy tho goncral pub lic, jmoh as, tlio .liberal use of disinfectant*, ctc,.;do not nhtlclpnto that the disease will nssnmo the proportions 'of- nn 'epidemic, especially . ns thu cltmntlo conditions nro favorable to the rcatrlctlpn and oxtlrpnllon of itho dread malady. ? ?' ?? ? ICnbb Dnti.L.— Oa.ttto arrivnl.iof tliou, Flinders nt tho wharf yesterday, the bystan derswuro' treated to what appeared to be a remarkably sudden and unexpected attack of 'devotion' on the part of three gentlemen standing on the breakwater. To thu surprise and awe of the spectators they- dropped nn their knees with an' unanimity and prompt! tuda which would have doue credit to the Salvation Army when engaged In that Scculiar oporntion called knco-drlll, nnd a celnlon which threatened to knock a hole through the whnrf. In Porsla it is no un common thing to sea people performing their dovotlons In tho open nlr, and for a moment it wns thought that tho devout throe woro perhaps fifo— worshippers adoring tho sun. which we. hnvo not seen for so long, though wljy two of .tliem throw their. haU into thu'water no one could understand, but on close inspection it was discovered fbat ono of them at nil events was a well- known resident, nnd'nonbof them boro nny.flppe.ar nncc of oriental extraction: ' Wheivitliuy roso from their ' knees, almost' ns'hnstlly as'.they , hail ' dropped down-, nil 'doubt ns to- their nationality was 'at once set at. rest, as. thu language' thdy .'uscdiv'.wiSs; ^unmistakably Bhgllsh, .and, that, of tho. most vlgdroua nature, ltap'pcars tlmt they were ? standing close' W tho sprlriB which' wiis iila'cK,JKh( whon'it.'was hnuloftabtit can^hl) the Whole of them just bplow the kneesj- hence .tho' dp votionnl attitude. On nn'xious 'enquiries being mndo It wiis discovered tlmt.no damage wns done— except to tho wharf, ? : ? ' ?', Football— The following are the team; for to-day's football match on -the Recrea tion Ground. Burnic— 'Hichnnlson, Bagley, WhIUItt, Laughton, Woedon, Spotswooil, Batcholor, Hodges, Barker, ? Bennett, Wise man (H), II. Mollison, Wnldron, Drcnnanand Urakoy ; emergencies— F. itolllson, Scott, ltobotham nnd Joaii. l'ehguIh-^-Jdhnstone, Hnlcs, Jones, l'lnpp, P60I6, Dickers' (2), 1'it house, Taylor (n), Parsons, O'Uyrnc, tjnch, ltandall, Mnlonoy, Stott (2), llecves, and Jenkins. ' ItARA Avis.'— In the days of Ovid a black swan was evidently regnnlcd as a pro digy, fbr'ho wrote of a Mm aeii in fcrrf), nyi/roqua timlttima eygnn, a rare bird on the earth nnd very like a black swan. If his ghost happened'- to be knocking 'about the liny yestenlay he would have found that they wcro not quite so rnro as they were thought to be in his dny, as there was ono of these birds disporting itself close. In shore, nnd there arc plenty more ' where that came Wynvahd Notes.— At the local police court on Wednesday list, before Messrs. A. W. Graham nnd O. O'Onllnghnn, J.'s 1\, William 'MarKetta was charged with being drunk nnd disorderly at Wynynrd on' tho previous night, also resisting the' police in the execution of tholr duty, nnd with mak ing use of obscene language. It appears that Margctts, who was In a state of Intoxl-l cation, entered the Skating Kink where the Lean Year Ball wns[boing held: His re marks wcro so vulgar thakbo was turned out, when his conduct became so disorderly that Sub-iuspoctor Priestly and Constable O'Hnl loran arrested him, on which he became very violent, arid resisted those officers to such nn'cxtent that ib became necessary for them to call for assistance, nnd while being carried to the lock-up mndo use of most foul language. The bench cautioned ldm on the first nnd third charges, nnd fined him £1 for resisting tho police. The bench remarking that in tho event of his being brought before them ngnln on a' similar charge they would scud him to the Launccston goal. , , Fumigation.— It is nn open question ns to whether a casual fumigation of goods or persons is much good in the way of nvertlng the danger of infection from contagious diseases. In the East when there i» a cho lera scare on, the unfortunate traveller is sboveil in.to.A wooden box wlth.a.grat!pj{Jor the floor, underneath which sulphur is burnt, nnd the victim kept there ns long as he can. stand It, and sometimes longer. There however, by ' tipping' tho health officer, the wily, traveller. can manage to re main outside, while the empty space Is fumi gated, and It really appears to nuswer much the same purpose. . On the n'rrival of the Flinders at Dovonport on. Thursday night, tho vessel was granted a clean bill of health, but the malls were kept behind for fumiga tion, and sent on by yesterday afternoon's coach. , ; ?, ... ..'.'?/ ' Tub Burial at ks Ass.'— The Rev. R. S. Carson will discourse on tho above topic in the Methodist Free Church, Burnle, to-_ morrow evcmlng. . ';; ?? .;.'. '. '.; Snow at StowfokT.— Tho. heaviest fall of snow that Hni occurred for tlirco yean fell on Wednesdny'nlght at Slownort, nud wns lying on tho ground to a considerable* depth on Thursday morning.) ?' Welcome Oatb.— Will Mr. AH. Hughes' call at this office for a parcel of Wobstcr Bros.' Welcome Oats ordered by him some days ago. Wo are informed that theso oats aro meeting. with very good sale and all thoso who have examined tho grain speak 'very highly of its appearance. ? Tub Weather.— There Is no doubt that when it's rough at the Bay, it n rough, but then wo havo our compensation, for when it's fine, it w lino. All th« week up. till Thursday when it did not rain in buckets' full, it blew, .great guns, but on Friday' morning old King ' Sol lin'd succeeded' in vanqulihing his enemies nnd shone out bravely, brightening up. the lankscapoj' drying up the roads, and warming tho very cockles of our hearts. Tho sea which for thu post fow days hod boon ramping and raxing like a lion robbed of its prey, lay, fanned by tho balmynlr, as peaceful as a little child asleep, with only a laughing dimple hero nnd there, showing that its dreams were pleasant ones, and that no thoughts of tho dread secrets hidden In IU debths wcro disturbing its gontlo breost. When looking down from the heights upon thu cxqulsitu panorama of hill and dale and wood and i water spread beneath, one was irresistibly reminded of the lost text In the first chaplcr of OcncsU, which tell us that, 'Ood saw excrythimj that he had made, and behold it was very good.' THE SnnMBtioED Twn.-rAn offlcor of the Salvation Army, who had forincrlychargo of the lladlelgh Farm Colony (EugO, arrived in the Hunpehu at Auckland on Snturdny. He states that no lands have been purchased in New Zealand or lu the colonies lu connec tion with General Booth's submerged tenth scheme, nnd that no arrangements have yet been made for sending out a contingent of oolunjsbi, Coinino Mo-EY.^-:Tiiore |s l|tl|o doubt Hint business is exceedingly dull nt tho West Coast nt present, there beiug no demand for anything except for money. In order to meet this deficiency (says the ' Zeehnn and Dundiia Herald') nume, clever heads have hit on the Idea to establish n ilttlo factory of their owu, and the spurious coins originating from this Illicit plant are in circulation at Zcchau. The inilMtioui are very good, bnd It will require all the J knowledge of Itho iollco to liud. tho colnd ami tho. inVut, Debating! SoaiRTY.— After tho adjourn ments thnt havo taken place wo nro glad to be able to record a good atttondnnco nt tho mooting of the Literary ami . Dobatlng Hocloty, which took placo on Thursday oven ing. Tho subject .for debate was tho wide and Important ono of ' Co-oporatlohi' Mr, A. K. Olmplnnu, . tho president. ,of tho society,' opcrtbd. ths debate In. all ablo nnd comprehensive ppecoh, 'quoting statistics nl to . English and American co- oporative institutions, showing the grout bonctUs derived from them. As touching Tasmania' most nearly, the | speaker, mode special' reference to the mnny and various cooper ative institutions established in tho United States; fop, the' mutual, benefit ;of agricul turists nnd orclmrdlsts, nearly nil at wbloll. lmd proved thoroughly successful, Ho advocated strongly tho adoption and co onuration pr combination for tho N.W. Const, |n onlcr to deal satisfactorily with tho export of Its produce to Intercolonial nm ?other mnrketsi 'Mr/ Chapman's speech wns certntnly n most nble exposition of the Innumerable benefits of co-operation wherever practicable. A discussion than took plnco. in which several of tho mombers joined. ,, Some of tho speakers were against the principle, but on tlio; whole the ayes had it In tho most unmlstnkc«bld'rn«n- nor. ?'A.very,prolltalilo and enjoyable oven-'1 ing was spent, nnitsqvoml now mombers pro posod... Now that tho ball hasboen sbtfaiily rolling,-yo trust that this most useful society' will havo 'a prosperous enreor. 'Tho noxt mectUii; will boihchl noxt Thiirmlay* wcuk, ^ylien.'.thd/'siibjoet .tor discuuirin Twill be '' D,eep SAIj'Fjshlng'jind Its Advantages.' j :'l'OLI0Evr-At.';tlio Police Court.on.TliUM ?ilay,' before Mr. iA. K. ChnpmaU|,S.M,,.,and ,Capti(liO(imen Pattoiimn, . JiP.viL. Isegcr chargcil.Hj Lynch with assault and further with, dnmnring.hls clothes and watch to the o'xtcni ot.-tmjol Mr.' F.''-1frt6wlos Mlllor' appcared'fiir tlm coinplnluaht nhil Mr. T.' J. Cr!spvf()r;.tlio.dcfcndriiit. Tho. assault did not^itppchr to bo of n serious character, and th|i.\vlit-lo business apparently 'aroso from a long .standing fueil between tho parties. Ea'rly'i'ti-tlro preceedlngj' the beneli suggested to counsel that tho wisest plan would bo to settlo^the' rhattcr' put of court; to this the defoudcht Vfotildnbtngrccl It was arranged that the evidence in one case should govern' the. other, tho result being that' the cases noro -dismissed iwlth costs- against*. tho; plaintiff, .-?'. . ?;.:,..,.; .... ; ?'?' Miditaiiy.— At a meeting held' after the last drill by the head quarters detachment of the -Wellington Itldo Company, it was do cidod that steps should bo taken to. hold monthly socials, and Ootor-Sergcant Spotts woodnud Sergeants Brown, Tong, Dockrcll nnd Delnnoy were appointed a committee to mnko tho necessary arrangements. The question of tho revival of the gymnailum also cropped up, ami it is to be hoped that it may be again put on on active footing. . j Precautions Aoainbt Small-pox. — Orders have been issued by tho Ccntal'Board of Health that ho passengers or crew (are to be allowed to land from nny vessel arriving from South Australia, Victoria or New South Wales till the ship has been granted prntiquo As it is believed that one or more of the passengers by the s.s. Oroya, on which the outbreak took place, hare come to Tasmania, a gnzcttel extraordinary has been issued to nil health ofllccrs with regard to the exnml- nation, vaccination, and, if necessary, isola tion of nny such person pr persons. ,'.,??' . Wheat PnoDUOTS.— The, mcn.wlio pro-, ducc wheat for flic next generation will be the rich men, observes a Wyoming (VS.) paper. Wheat is thu wcalthmakci of the future. It bns .been too cheap to pro duce for twenty years. The other ex trcmo Is upon us. Consumption of wheat has overtaken its . production. There arc no more- Government acres to subdue for it« production, nnd tho Increase in the population of tho world increases Its consumption over, 80,000,000 bushels per year. In the near fiiture wheat will sell III tho farmer's granaries at from two to three dollars per bushel. It is gratifying to have this view sustained by such an eminent authority as Charles- Pillcsbury, of ' Minneapolis, who is at the head of tho largest flonr mills In this country, If not In the world. His position ns one of the larg est cash buyers of wheat in America makes it necessary thnt he should keep throughly informal as to all the conditions which nro likely to nffect tho market prico .oX.wheat.and-.uour. -? Probably-no-one— In tho United States has made a deeper study of all phases of the wheat question of la better Informal as to all the sources nnd statistics of its ! production, the rela tions of supply and d«mnnd nnd all- the conditions /of the' market; than he. ' C. Wood rjavii, In a recent elaborate article in the ,' Arena,' declared that the consump tion' of wheat throughout' tho 'world had already overtaken production, nnd that at so early a date as 1893 the. United States will have cerfsed to export 'wheat, and,1 in fact, would have to import it to supply Ita own deficiency. Tho St Paul ' 1'loncer Press' ' stimulated 'by the statement of Mr. Davis, caused Mr. Pillsbnry to be interviewed, and the latter .agreed .with the ;' Aroruv' 'writer tli'nt'thc 'consumption 'lind overtaken the production, and that there had boon no Increase of acreage of wheat to correspond with Its Increased consumption In ten years. This will be gratifying news to those who have been producing wheat for the last decode at ruinously, low prices.- They ought to have a benoflt, and all signs of the times aro wrong if they are not going to!' i 'Sir' John Gomt on Trade Dispbtes.-A Speaking at ' Carnarvon, on May 7 (says 'Homo News') Slr.John Gorst said he coij, sldcred questions of sodinl. welfare should be considered! apart from party considerations.' A great deal was said about thpre being no di vergence between labor and' capital : but It was not for the interest of labour to do' any thing that would discourage enterprise, nor was It f;or the Interest of capital -to pay such low wages as impaired tho efficiency of labor. Tho wages, that secured that efficiency of a workmen should bo such ns enabled him to live a c'omforlablo life, bodily and mentally. At the Berlin Conferees ho found that, while British workmon worked shorter hours nnd received hlahor wages than any others in1 Kuropc, British labor was really cheaper than any other. In the south of England tho wageii of a laborer word only nbout 11/. a week. In Lancashire nnd Cheshire farm laborers earned 18/. to 20/, a week. Yet the wages bill of a .Wiltshire farmer was heavier than that of ah north-country farmer. It wns thus evident that It was uot to the Ad vantage of cither employer or employed to push his advnntngo too far. It was to the nterejt ofbotli partlesi that capital should havo fair remuneration. Ifo wkj sorry in this country at pretont thcro were no methods to sottlo trade disputes except tho old-fashioned, clumsy, and Ineffective expe dient of a lock-out or strike. Two years ago there wns in the Australian colonies, justly called tho parudlso of'tho working man, a strike which proved highly dlrnstmus. When It ended, tlio people, with great promp titude, sot nbout considering how to prevent a repetition of thadlsastor. Tile result was the establishment of boards of conciliation and arbitration. Tho commission of enquiry reported that, in their opinion, Ul) disputes out of I0U oould bo sottled by conciliation ns distinguished from arbitration. There might bo cases In which ono party would obsti nately refuse to be governed by conciliation or arbitration ; but he thought that case would bo so rare that they might wait until It roso before they made nny provision for it. By adopting somo such system, |n (his country, ho believed striken and lock-outs would. bcoqms'aa rare as, for tho lut 200 y ws, cl'U \v»t lw beoo. 