BOTTLE PINNACLE. ' ;-'i,By' SAEAIlWlNTEn ICello'gg. It'niay be'yori liavo seen tlio pottery bottles made by tho Zuui arid Puablo Indians of Now Mexico. Thoy are uovor true, aro always crank sided. Tiro Pinnacle was about as symmetrical1 as aro Indian - pottery bottles. It had a well fitting stoppor. You felt liko climbing up with a screw and drnymrg tho. cork, lor a look inside. But though tbq wine of tho godo had been up thore you , couldn't havo climbed that bottle. ' There wasn't anywhere1 a charioo to catch on with fingei1 or too nails. And if there wore anything harder than tbo quartz in that pillar, dynamito workers may . bo acquainted with it; I'm not. Our settlement was proud of its bottle, brag ging about it at barboou'en, and camp meetings, arid'turkoy' pulliugs and corn buskiugs. \vo wore for ever daring climbers to try their nails, and spurs, and , chisels nnd augors on it. Every slrarigoi' that cn'mo our way was certain to bo clialltngcd to try his ahill. . Thoro wasn't a soul in tho' settlement but claimed a share in Bottlo l'innaolo, . . and I reckon tboro wasn't a shareholder . tbat dldn't tako a look at It every day. ' ! "No wonder, , then, that . on one certain morn: ing tho villagers i woro'-rmiriing about before breahfast, calling on one another to loolr at.an unusual object perched up tboro, on tho stoppcr of Bottle Pinnacle. Sure enough; there wm aomothirig up there. It was parti- colorcd rod and yellow, as far as could bo made out. lis size, woll you know how it is with tlio: moon. Yon can mako it scem to you the sire of.n dinner plate or as largo as tho hind wheel of a lumbor waggon. . Tho sizo of tbot object on tho stoppor was'anywhoro from that of a butterfly to a calf, according as -you ollowod for tbo distance or didn't allow. J - . .Most of tho peoplo' of tho settlement had cold breakfasts that: morning, or burnt bisouits, becauso of tho dispntos thoy got into about tbo " thing "' perched on ''the cork, disputes; too, that' did not stop .for weoks. ' " It's : Bhiny liko gold;" : " It 1 is gold.''. 1 "It's a gold nugget sticking out of the quartz." Mil's no more liko a gold nugget than a oat is liko cattle.1 Itsa faoo -that's up thoro— there's n noso as' plain as there's a noso on your foco !" " It's a human faoo I" i - ". How' in reason could a faco get up oil that atoppcr when hands and logs couldn't do -it to-savo their souls !" "Nobody means it s a mortal face ; it's a ghost face." '.'If '.we. could onlXgut'up thore!"" ' ' .. , : Tho peoplo twisted and screwed their brauiB over plans and sobomos for scaling Bottlo Pin-, naclo. i There wore not nny -bridgo buildora - in thousottloment,' nor any . Tower.: of. Babol architbets.. Thore: wero-:. nos'acrobatsj nor. gymnasts to jump over 'tho -modri, or swing to the Btars. : : :-vt: 1 r..-l.: . ... n. 1: : i> 1 Tho diBOUsaibns, : tho t oxolamations went on : ,":We might blow up the Pinnaolo and find a gold mine "t/V-AndtspoUithe igreritririatural curiosity, ofi the .sottloment?" . "If wo had a oannon,' wo might, shoot out the cork!" : r "Thoro is a mngnlfring'glasa -at' tlio v village down the valley ; - we'll borrow that' i'isaid some onoiatilast: > ri itt t ' > ; . --1 i ri». .u-uIul -iTho magnifying glass-was brought, , and most of the. men aud boys from tlio .village L of the valioy catno along with' it.' ' Tho pooplo postered so? abbrit.:tiioir"tiu,ris"to' look1 through "the magnifier: at thouohjcot: en ' the bottle that ft guard had to stand . around-. tho' .glass ond_ lot i in ono person at a timo to tho .gazing,: beginning with tho A's. Tbis made tho waiting Y's and Z's fighting mad. " - . ! ' ' ' The remarks went on : "It's not a nuggot !'' "Itis not gold 1" "If it's gold/it's a gold face, for a face it is 1" " It's a-faco " It's a faco !" : — everybody said that. "It's like- tho faco of George AY. Gillett It's tho ghost of Gcorgo AY. !'? " But 'lio1 died tho day aftor -that faco took upitaro8idehco on thei8toppor 1" "Tho faoo looks -a hoap more like Grandma Tuttlo's !" It's a sin-to speculate; about a ghost faoo." i ' There was orio' person "who at' last 'undertook to-'do sdrriethiu"hdsido speculate. " This' was Govann, a' Bpry youtii with hair as/ycllow, or red/ as tlio-objoot aliiuing on tho Pinuaolo. Thoro was astrori'g; tall tree' standing near tho bottle. Goyariri climbed this 'tree' 'near to its'tiptop. 1 'Then ho walked ont :'on a sido branch toward the l'innaolo, arid looked tho'faco in the face. 'Bril'he couldn't make it out any more than he had done on tho ground' with1 tho. magniflcri '.in . '' ' ' < > ! -The orowd bblow passed up a swing. Govarin fastened tliis to limbs' and swung out in -a frce way towards the bottle, (ho face steadily looking oil- It might liavo laughed ' in its sleOve, if it owned a sleeve, at tbo way Govann ''returned— crashing baok through tlio boughs,' ho:riging on them slircds of his clothes, siireds, too;' of his sandy hair for the uso' of future nest buildors. 1 Govann reported that ho did not obtain any additional knowledge of thb siibibot by that'tonr of ' observation. - Thb fabo 'ori tho stopper' w'aB q faco ;" that Was bbrtairi: The msgaifyirig glass was sent' up -.to" '.the investigator. Standing ' on ono foot in a sway ing branch, Govann1 took observations , with tho magnifier. Hb: reported' that : it ' was " really- oi faoo ; iribroovef, that'it moved and " riiade fo'ocri" atllim.:' J.,' "'Surely itis somo wicked spirit— the gbbst of soino one beheaded for crime." 'Then tiiey fell to rldiouling Govann for tho failure of his free' excrirsoii. Ho'lirid riot'rid:' vane'ed thb general inforrimtion except by stating : that. the faoo had moved. " I doubt' the ' face's moving." " Tho ' motion was , all in Govann's eye." ' ' I may say horo that tho settlement was a fighting one. Govann said lio'd fight tho man who doubted -his word or his sobarness, pro vided that his - man hadn't any gray hairs, or was riB largo as ho was. But no fight camo off. .. "Taking daguorrotypos " was jnstthen get ting around to our parts, and all the peoplo said that they'd subscribe ' to get a picture- taking man and his machine, to come over arid take thb likeness of that red and yollowmystory, sitting unconcerned np there. ; Govann riaid that if thoy would givo him tlio money which it would cost to get tho thing's picture taken ho'd undertake to solve tho mys tery. How wonld he do it? Thoy must raiso tho purse, and he must see the money ; he didn't pru- poso to wait till plsntcrs could raiso another crop and soil it boforo feeling of his money. Then, too, ho must havo the holp of all the men and tools that ho might need. Govann's first call was for good axes, sharp saws and the best of choppers. AU the other mon of tho sottloment stood looking on whilo tho axomen chopped and the sawyers sawed at the tallest trco in all that country— the com panion through yoais of storm arid sunshine of tho Bottle Finnaolo. Thoro wore guesses arid rcekonings.about the probable happenings, when tbo great tree should fall. " 'Tho bottlo might be' broken' to' pieces !" " The fabo might fall . at tlieir.fcet. . 1 . . . . ... Not only tho' settloriicnti but oi' crowd ' from near and far camo to tho tree foiling; And it did mako a tight and a sound worth while. Tlio top was broad 'enough "to. niako a' sky duster. AVhcn tlio folks saw tlio .great; pluriiy mass of'grobnsw'ooptrig down'liko a forost; mak ing a moving shadow liko a swift storm cloud, thoy held their breath, ' fooling that nothing could save Bottlo Pinnaolo— that it must , bo crushed into a thousand fragments. But not a crumb was broken from it, though it was thiashcd with great green whips past number ing. It stood silent, unharmed:' 'Hie treo itself ''received n thousand wounds, but was safely lodged against tho roolr, as Govann lmd planned.. . At onco tho choppers and sawere began to lop off tho branbhe'a along the massivo trunk. Thou, np the- Indian ladder formed by tho notches Govann climbed until ho re'aohed tlio rook whore' tlio bottio's neck began! There he crept out on tho abouldor, Becking a hold, a break in the rock, by wliloh ho might got higher, or for yielding spots where ho might screw in his augers. ' ' - But thb Pinnacle stood unyielding, nncon- quered. : ' Ho called for the'longest and lightest iaddor that the settlement could produce. It took tbo hard tugging of a sooro of men to get it up to bim. It was planted on the bottle's shoulder, stayed by the trco top. It was now dark. By a lantern Govann climbed up and up to tho ladder's topmost round, tho peoplo watched tha ladder mount higher- and - higher till it seemed a star. At thb top he hold out and rip the lantern at arm'B lcngtb,"but no light was/thrown' 'on 'the face. ' "n! ' 1 'I ..<1 There's nothing boys won't do for fan. " They 'serenaded Govann, mtugingrJtock-a-by; baby, in the troo tops. : :: ,,i i . \- In tho morning Govann returned to the top of the ladder and lashed- liimsolf -to it. Ho had a rope with throe lashes, cacU la!ili onding in a loop. Tliis. triploMassoihe.throwriptrying.to lasso the Face. The .countenance- was - . turned tiirco-quarters to him, but lie could - hardly -gob a glimpso of it -on- aCoount - of tho projecting ledgo on tbo bottlo juat below tbo stopper.:: 'Ho worked; at lassoing ail tho morning, without oneo touching tho Faoo... -.But . juBt.as;ho heavd.tho dinner boms of tho . sottlcmont sounding: faint and far lio found thnt-his ropo -was eaught:by something in tbo -stopper. r- Titis. mado: his- blood jump. Bracing himself he pulled at the ropo with all his might. . It did not start. -. His heart boat bard. If tlio ropo Would bold ho Baw that bo could climb it. to tlio :top of .tho pinnacle. Holding to tho top of- tlio ladder ho 'swung'all his weight on tho rope. -It hold taut. : 1 Again and again ho tested it carefully ifromisido to.sidc., It did not start. His heart grew hot. with courage.. "Climb it! Up! Climb it!" they :bolow shouted. He looked down to tho -dwarfed people-'aliouting and waving onoonragoment. 'Then his brain. reolcd ; liio heart, was suddenly cold as tho stone ; for a moment only tho lash ing ropes kept him. Slowly bis head steadied. He retried tho ropo, caught thoro somehow on tho top 'of Bottlo Pinnaolo ; tbe ond of the 'ropo in his hand he tried. to tio to tho ladder. - But the ropo was too short fora good knot. Govann wore a pair of homo mndo suspendors, ltnit by hie swoethearf out of doublo and twisted flax. Ho twisted tho pair together, and piccedouttlui rope.- 1 : . 'Then ho freed himsoif from the ladder, and begun ' climbing his spider's thread. He went up carefully, carefully over the lodge, carefully up tho stopper, till his oyos were taking in tho crest of tho pinnacle, tho first in all'tho world lo got sight of that np lift. ' Thera:was:thc rouo on which hchungjhosaw that ono loop was caught over a little rook.unovcnncss, about two. Indies nbovo tlio gorierol level. Over the rim of tbo Btoppor lio passed, roso to 'his feet and saluted tho cheering throng below. 1 Tlio shouting: grow uproarious as lio hold up to' view tiiared ami yellow mystery, tliougli tho .pooplo didn't yot know what it was. ' ' i " / ! " .'AVliat did Govanii find there "On Bottlo Plririaclc?"' vtc?: ! 'Thore were square rods et snrfabo on the crest that had looked- from' bolow like a- point. He found an oaglo's nest, irom which thb bird was then absent, and on tho nest's edge, fronting tlio settlement,- forming a'pattof tho nest's embank ment/ was the red and yellow faco, hold in place by sticks: arid othor. building material, . gathered by tlio bird that oan staro tho; sun out of- coun tenance/1 ; " '!.' '' ' :: ... 'i 'Hugging tho mystery with one' arm, tlio hand holdingon tho'waistband of his trousers, 'Govnnn slid down tho ropo, brioked' down tha ladder to thb trco itop, olimbed dowu tlio Indian stairs and swung down on a pilo of 'feather, beds which tiio women had provided against a fall. : ! 'Thon'tlie boys helped him off 'the: feathers to the'stnmp of tbo big tree/ and thoro he' hold np tho mystory in plain sight— a bmidle of olothoa with a-inask faoe tied on it. : ' 1 v ' : "It's Gcorgc AV. Gillett's scarecrow !"" '. Thb proud bird of .tbo sun, instead of boirig scared by tho mocksoritlrio!/ Iiad oaptured it and carricdit to'tliopinnaolo'sorcat. -i'- iGovaiiri scourcdi tho purse,' married his- sweet heart and founded ono of the first- families of his State. Its coat of arms is an.eagla perohed on a misshapen bottle. 11 : 