THEATRICAL GOSSIP. t —Theatreltoyal. 4 BrHget Gwiofloliae O'Urion, Esq/ -Princess' Tbeatre. " Dorotby." \- BijDu Theatre. " Sophia." —Opera House. " As ID a Looking-glass." —Alexandra Theatre. " Wilful Murder." —Victoria HalU Tbe U.S. Minstrels. —Gaiety Theatre. Specialty Company. —Waxwotka Muaevkta. Professor Divis. ventri^oqnis . —The Lynch Famtty aie dow viB'itiag Gawler ana Moootfi. —Mrs. S^aw, the lianflsame wbistler woman, is coming to AuB'ralia. —SellsBrotbflrs* imaieuse ciraua will pay Brisbane a visit 00 thJ Ayri!,and will opeu neir tlie Gaswotfe*. —Emily Mel^iMR lately appeared at Johannesburg in "The Uo?fcl Midiy" to a "crovdea and ent&aai;&Btic; audience.' —Mr J. W. Wheeler, theatrical a^enfc. is leaving Ur»6bane an^ will be in Melbourne in the course of a few days. Ha i* open for an eugagameut. —The Wilson-Forbes Dramatic Co. am having a thorouahlF successful proviocirtl tour. Miaees Ada Liwrence, Oarrie George and Mr Forbes are particularly well spoken of. —The Lynch Family Bellrineers finished a week's eood business in Adelaide on Monday, when fche performance wan patronised by the Governor, Lord Ktntore, and the English cricketers, _Tbe musical ana dramatic profession have lt»6t a alJa generous frieud in 8»r MoreU Maokepzio, the eminent attendanoo tbroaispecis.lis^ wore always at SirMoraUs the service of even vice tlie very and pooreBt pro, and, with such, a question of fees was never entertained —Real lightning is introduced on the German stage, and answers so well tbat it will soou be universal. Yet they don't come up to Lola Montes, at 13endigo, according to ^ tbe ^ yarn, acting in ' —"A—' T.H.H-1 DeviV'^when „ - lightning shivered a pla»k?f the stage. Lolacoolly remarked to the manager, " Your tffucte in this ptece are very creditable —Ever alive to the '1- 111fir HometliiDs Dew and Btratwo at the liandd of that public tlmt, 1 kn i lie lior.u- Iflpcb, is over cryine *' ftive I Rivo " Mr 3'liil S uarl announces that in addition to tbe Windsor rourdor, Mrs. Dpeminp, Ija'km nnd Taylor, and the pf rforoinncflfl of Godft\ou's Tofcio Tronno. Iir liaB mart* arranseuinnlfl Tor tli« ntti-«Mir*tice of Profefenr Hoffman, tin* Kncli»li 7 trsiid giVittjir and a 'vwnrrl liPantiful illusion emitted 'Metamorphosis" on Sitarday uiglit. —CbarlnD Warner, In a tlieatrics.1 t at"'!', narrates a carious thin^. G*-acie made, her tirel Bt c kq apoparanco an Juliet Ilia Ultimo (balconv genno) a* bis farewiill benefit, Drurv Lane, Iraviug for Austra'ia. A wealths enilpmau, attond^^ (he Bliow. qot ninsbod on hpr. but n adveutuceM persufl-d."! him ln-wlf nctfrt t>.n nart, lieioe Wurner fl pi^tfir, and Gracio di-i not po on. tljroiicli stace frisli\ Rbs «lmwcri him a'l hrrfadn.l wroatbp, wli«reao"»n he mavricd her. and hap now pouo 0 ' 1j0 a»yliini. Warner baa uo siBtor, but 1>bsa brother —Dau Harry pgiin re 'Tbe Parnon n Oitli":—"Tlnq rcat Vuv. whir.h is nowth«ra»« in Vinidon. in»vivid and thrilline etasn picture of lifn in Dm-kPnt Knoland. The baud that wrote it in now siiH^d in death.n-tid now fr>r ever iF silenoed that bnroiDK plci|iinico wbinh lipid aotandbypocrinvup to scorn and contPinpr. Huttlm reatist mnuuiripntB to aerpalman's nipmorv urn tbn nohl« works of his life 'T!in Parpon'e Oath' in a plav vividly clie.cactrt*iatic of tli« u^pM W^urcftnn hiinpMf, t01lnl,i''nI; a EUh,ilnn of Hiarity aud couipaBEiou from tile Great Book of li'jinau N T aturo." town, —Tbe afcer liatoinill-O'Gradv a ph^nomenal'v Oompauv taiccijasful have trip tiivounh rpturned tho lo Rnnlhurn Vailev. At Naibalia th=v oponpd the new Public Hdl. which gpeulfi to have b°nn q-iite a bit; ev^nt. The lonal piper Gavu:— 11 The vestibule wa* gflity decorated with ferns aud bo qhs. bfiag brilliantly coloured Japanese lanterns of ovcrv c.onci ivahlo nhape aud description, which wer* rplievnd by pretty fairy lamps of flnfter aud more subdued fihadpp. The interior of ihohall was tastefully draped wi'h huntinp, tapestry nnd art curtains, end prPR3ntod fjuiteariilh HlJd beautiful appearance The audience was nn f ver*allv ncltfoa'- l^dged to bo hv far O10 larapat tbat bad ever assembled to witness a play in Nathalia." —J'l-Jfrs'or K S. Haldwin'o ltnUnrfly Oouin»nv send a •an s that " they ^j^I^ix'.'.i, ailed for Vancouver, 0^' ijT^P.iTP Hriti°h 3 -.'™ Cilnm' ia 7r.h March from Yokohama, Japan. the £Jaijir<'.ss i\F Jiulw. Since July, 1890 (when he left Melbourne), bp ha" travelled more than forty-fivo thousand mil's They liave visited West Australia. Ceylon. 'M-iltn, (ii^raltar, !5ftjrocco. Tunis, Tripoli, Arabia. I2?ynt. Snain, Italy, (>' Mi]'inv, I'Vance, Rneland, Scotland. Trelanil. tile Inland of St. Helena, Madeira nnd the Canary Islands, Cape Colony (South Africa), Tran«va«l Ttepnhlic 11 chnana tiand, Oranee Free Stat<», Natal, Man* itius. M^-daq^ecar, 11V J .ia ]illrmftb, Siam, fitrsitB SettlcnientB (Siup^pori) China aud J«nao. He also made a Uvine trin fr^in Unghnd to Q[ ualmaB „„ tlirouRli Ami- and back to I^udon in only four week?. He is now tikiug the entire com pany to America, and af-n* a short se-taon proceeds to Great Btitain oneuiuuin London in Auquet. The compm? has everywhere appeared to large business, in many places making records for the largest audiences Iho halls or theairefi baye ever contaiuel, and tbiB large business has ofteu he-u done inchies mted for being poor show tnwne, and where dozens of other coinpanioBliavp gone bankrupt. To Shaugbai tho opening night wa» mO.SOlolB. The company is tile Sim" as taken from Melbourne, viz,:-TrofeBPor s S. aud Mrs. Kittie IHldwiu, Miss D»lrov', Mvriou Constance. Sir. James ltPll, Sir Albert ripl ins, littlp Siesv Hell and lUby Xick. Mr. Diillev Wuatt. agant, and Richard Dixev. property inaiter. Mr. Bildwm Pxvn>ctB to visit Australia again i 1 IHsi.j.—With kind regards fro-n the entire company, T am, it 1. &i;> Amnrinau address unHI l»t Aueuat—Moore s Hill, Dearborn Count.', Indians, Uaited States of America-" —A special ir^in. carrying the Audrews Opera Company, was derailed near Prainerd, 00 the Northern Pacific railroad, recently. Tile sleppi-' caught fire, and two of tbe members of tbe couipanv, !\frs. Andrews and LiPie Wallace, wiiv Pumed to death. M*nv others were iniured. The thermometer touched 40 below zero at the time,and the eufTeriuR wls terrible, as thfivo vj&a; no shelter ' for * those " reFcued. —At Lwerpool assiaaR, Henry DovM was convicted ol defrauding three ladies uuder pretence of obtaining for them engagpuieuis in a Liverpool pantomime; fclso with forgiug tho rignaturo of th© managnrof the Shakespeare Thea re, was Gucceeoful iu getiiug himself a Li moutlie' engagement, with bard labour, ihe judge remarking that it was a cruel cct to prey on unprotected girle. —A New Zealand paper;—"During tho evening a member of the company «.poloqiecl for the abBftno* of Miss Laura Hansen, who waa ciflt for the part nt Ho'eu Maceregor. Dr. Collins having absolutely forbid len her to appear until she had had a complete night's rest-at least, and said that Miss A1ic» Dfrnrwyn had kindly undertaken the part. Of course M»ss JjturA "ansen web much uiifsefi. and th^re was geue'al regret at the cause nf her absence ; hut the pirt wer beauUfully played by the eubetitote, who ig a most careful and tastMul actre^P, and thoroughly understandsberhu«»inepH. MiseDeorwvn flivo a most creditable And pleasing rendition of the part, aud was warmly applauled." —Thft lato Alfred Oilier (says tho Era) was anything athfr than what ifl called prof^nsed wit," but h« Raid elifibtful lictln q[uiot things someuinaa. Oice, it U s».id. s be sat at his piano composing, Mrs. Cellier disturbed iim by ruling wildly about the rooiu in pursuit of a auary whic^ h*d Fgcipod from it*; cage. Sbe flicked at it with handkerchiefshe chased itintn corners.but all n vain : and, if at last, she did not cry, "You little be»s f , 1 11 wrioe vour neck." it ia reported tbat she cot very ear it. The pitient compnser turned nu h ! s music-stool nd mildly remonetratHd. whereupon the lady naturally *}ir«cti»d her ang«r to him. with the pert'uont fpi^etiou, " Alfrnd. am IcUchiig thU bsrl or are you V " Koither, inj dear," rophed Alfred, gently. onil —Oor Kewe From Cape.—Mr, .1. L. Goodman, mauagrrof the Globe Theatre. Johannesburg, baa met with au annoying and troub1«i'omoexp n ripTj' , e He had booked for Koglaiid by tho Drumm»ml Castle, an I had made all arrangomnnts wi r h his friends and business corrappondeDts at Qomp, lint if man proposes,railways sometimes dispose, and in this casn it was 60. Mr. Goodman's higgage was \eft behmd—by some mis^ ap which wil] doubtless be investigated elsewhere — ac Kimberlev, and whilst he down bv tb<» mail train, his wip- divifnta did not arrive until the ordinary train. '( he luggage turned up at a quarter-past sevhd, tho boat departed at a qUirter in. lleuce these rears, ftp the aucients would say. Mr. Goodman is thenforn stranded in Gape Towu- at the UovM—f<%v % cbMly engHged in wonderine what i here is tn do here for so long, It is clear tbe re will have to be a ship canal to Johannesburg. There was a most pleaBtut gathering at the St Genrgn 1 * Hotel recently, when about twenty frieuds of Mr. T. V. Twinning, tbo popular manager for Mrs. Hrown-Potter and Mr. Kyrle Mellow accepted an invitatiou to meet h w "at home." Neither trouble nor expense had b^csn spared bv tb» genial hoBt in securing tlie enjoyment of his guests. Mutic aud recititious made the hour* tly at hghtoinc spetd.a-ad the Bong-J given by Mr. Twintiina aud the r< citation by Mr. P. Howkit were received with an flntbutii*pm thoroughly warranted by the pftrformannep. At oleven o'clock the pai-ty«at dnwn to a 6upper such as would bave graced the mopt fi&bionable; West End renlaurant, a novelty at which was tbe printing of the menu on the hack of the photographs of 'he coming * H'nre," thna forming an *-xiyemo!y neat swvf^ir. G»ptain HoMj (A.S. Consul) took the chair and submitted the toaat of " Our Hoflf," which was received with the utmost cordiality. Glasses wre 'h»»n emptied to the health of Mrs, Potior and Mr. Hollow, and the reuiHiniUE toasts included The 1'rofeBBion " and 'Tbfl Press." At twelve the partv broke up. after eincing " tuld LangSvne ' in time-honoured faehiou a knot of interested auditors lincering for a few moments to hear a recitation or two from tbo clastic, with limelight effects, specially laid on from a private source by the stage wauscGr. There watt certainly no difference of opinion as to the c unplete success of the evenine, and the vatious members of the party as they strolled home drew { the obvious inference that, if the two gentlemen at present amongst us as tbe representatives of tbe approaching company may be taken as a criterion, it mav be expected that the welcome which awaits onr visitors will be one of the most cordial nature conceivable. —The Crafge Family return home almopt inmedirticly —George Lee writes us ho is ia raptures with Loudon. — Uinney s ll^val Variety C >. Oa.maru at latest, thence through to tUe goldlleldr. — Mr. llalpb Steelf, whn recentlv married the eldest Mies Pftivne intends going Home with his wife for a six months' trip. —Durinc hrr N«»w York seaBon Madam** Hornhardt p\av«»d •'Camille" empty b^nchRS, while farcical comedies were attracting large audiences. -Mis'? L'zzie iMrs. Stenlo\ or tho Payne n)U6ica family, has dev^lnpwd a aenou^cminUi-u in her throat which would necessitate a twelvo month's rest. —Mis* Grari-i I'UUted f"5ll i'^ during a R\r> Fraupjuco ftupaqemBntlateH'.bnt wa«5 sufllniently rceoverod fco plav in Suppe's opera, " Djnua Juanita.' at tbe TivoU 1 he&u-e;, — L^oi Ohreigafl, oiitnr of " ^Rgani^la Mexican," of Kan Antonio, Tpxas. a loc*l Sp^iisb p«»pr.r. t'o't booi« medicine prfficribpd for him for la grippe Jiv a Mexican woman on 5th February, and became a raviug lunatic. —The Lvnch Fnmilv ]?ellrinGcre are drawing nroat hoys^R in ft'mth Auptra^i®, th^ir and^ncoi at W'sUmiogton, Lanra. Ronloroo and other iiIacas up north being by far the largest on record in that part of the colony. llindolpli tUft UiicUlces " is the hurlo que \xi ton nection with whic'i M'-. Arthur Jtob^rcs ciiu-.i under the banofthn .nihorilics recently, and was compelled to abandon bin caricature of LurJ Jt&udolph; Churchill as '•Kiudy Pandy, ob." —Mis? Fltrencfl St. John, of recent Dlvcrco C^urt fajii". is genfir-»lly repor to b« one of the unst JpHfiuaMng women of the Wagllsih- spealcing stage. She ftonips out to A istrdlia shortly unicr eugigomeut to Mr. George MutRrove. —Siys an Otagi pip«r:—' X^t psrhapj unexpected com» s Jhft news that Mrs. Oiailes Huko is eet-Uhig a divorce in Melbourne from her husbAnd, tbe well-known mtnetr<*l mau. ''he wife's putition is ou the groual of cruolty and drunkenness." —Mr. .Tohn L. S'lllivan is playing tbo comedy part in "Itiderick A»na. ' a new drama, iu America. -Mr. Sullivan recemlv sai! that he kuew lie w»a not a gre it actor, bat that he reckoned he was worth Buveral of a ltirge clats of people who claimei to be actora. —M. d* P4ehmaun, the New Yorl: Courier, hag a novel jnt-orprntation of Scbumaun'a " Vogel aid Prophet ' Wben he reaches tho las*, bar he wa(;a gently in the air instead of plaving it ou tbe keyboard, remarking to the breathless audience, Zd bint has deed avay." —Kx ract fro-n "Hearth and JlomV (English):—" We hear th it Mr. William Elton, a wall-koown manager iu Australia, has decided to briug over his omic onera com)>any. it ie not definitely settled wh»t bia rcprrtuirn win be. TUe last piece he proJuced in Melbourne was 4 Pepica.' " —The Fi6k Jubilee Singers are likely to bo round this way again before long (ways the Otmjo Wit:cs>). They ha^o been re-orginised in Africt, and have introduced one or two novelties in the vocal lino. They are at pri eenciu Tasm^uia. and after aoing Australia they are coming to New Zeal aud. —Amateur op*r-* companies in this colony will be glad to learn that -J. C Wil iimson has WJth lrawn tbe prnhibition against performing Gilbert and Sullivan's operas, with the ojcc«ptiou of "The Goudoliois but amneur );erformances will not be allowed to clash with performances of his own Companies. —W. F. Terry, formerly manager of the Australian :ar (Sylnep rdlatej that he ooce was Ulookud " at be door ol a London theatre and informed that h* was ot known. " Liok liere," cried tbe doorkeeper, d«t^rnaedlv, " vou cannot get in without a uote from Mr. erry.' " W. II, here s his cird.' He went iu. —tn thanking ^ 7. andienceBfor their pUronaso. Mr. Wirth intiaiHtnd that he hoped to renew his pleasant cquaintanceship with Duncdiu about the end of m xt vear. The company was cng&god; to appear at the Cbicaeo World's Fair, and be would probably bo enabled to pick up IreBh novelties for tho delectation of Li9 patrone. —Mr, \V. S. Gilbert lias entered upon his fifty- ixtb voir with but few, if any, traces of having passed the batt-century. He i* a \itt\ft grey, but step, gesture and utterance have tho alacritv, vigour and rich fulness of the prime of manhood. The author of "Pinafore" believes t.hat a mau is just as old as he feels, aud by this test is entitled to rank a? a youog man. —George Wirth met with a Plight accident in the Roman nyramid act at O ago. XZ II 4 was ujojiuied on o-)0 uf the man's shoulders aud ho iiimseH supported theboyCirl. Tno man on tho ground somewhat unw tj the pgrform mce, an 1, gi^iug a slight lurch. Mr. Wirth was compelled to jump to Sive tbe hov, and in doing so be wnnchei bis knee. Tbe miabip, it ii beiieved. is not serious. —Daring her comiug trip through Maorllnnd Mv'ra Kemble's repertoire will comprise il Dr. Hill," "Sunligbt aud Shadow,'' ' Jaue " " GaiuiUe," TbU will be tbe first appearance of MU'S Kemble nofore New Zealand audiences. Oven Harr.s has been engaged an leading mau. aud Miss NhII^ Lvons wi]| play" seconds," and the company will include Mr. Walter Hill, Misb Ada Lee, Mi«s M. Coruorvn, Miss Manny (.taUagner. MeserB. George Leopold aud others. Mies Annie Taylor joiuB the show later on. —St. Petersburg (says P'pavo) has bBen fullering from an attack of Hamletomania. During the past month at InftBt balf-a-dozan actors have nnpeared at different theatrtB as tho Prince of Deumark, and there haa been even an actrees who has essayed the role, Mtdame Zivarova. Aud the burlesque theatres, to be in the prevalent fasbion, have produced parodies of Shakefamous play, in "one of the most amusing of bich Hamlet himself was repvesemed as a ghost. 