J CHAPTER. XX. ON THE FARM. Wlien Sheridan find Annytago arrived at the farm they found matters in a very un satisfactory state. TIip hands, not having a head to guide them, had taken things pretty much as they pleased. They had the oppor tunity to " loaf," and they took advantage of it. Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his companion, vras in no lnunor to attend to the routine of farm work, and Army tags profes sed entire ignorance of .such duties ; but the presence of the master infused a little more activity into the men, and the work soon im proved. The farm was a fairly comfortable one. With the frequent- additions made to it, the uvea now comprised 700 acres, and about 150 acres of that was cleared and cultivated. The soil in the valleys was rich and pro duced prolific crops of potatoes,oats or wheat, while the whole of the land was suitable for grazing purposes. The homestead was i substantial and com fort ible one. The first owner, who built it, lsad the good,old-fashioned ideas on the sub ject of farm-houses, and the first thing he did was to lay the building out in such a manner that all future additions should be part of one concerted plan. .Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to the place since he purchased it, and these were rendered absolutely necessary by the purchase of more land and the number of men needed to work it. Even with the additions there "was 110 room [to spare, and when Armytage accompanied t ic cwiior to the £ t'.icro was somo diffi culty in oH.ihr.vj a iv.>:u i':-r liirn, and aft r :t while he express-:! his willingness to .sharj the same quarters as the lc;ih.md 021 the farm. For somo days after their arriviil Sheridan could not bo induced to leave the house to search for the missing treasure. He really j wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the liouso for that purpose. Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week lie persuaded the en slaved man to accompany him and point out the spot where his plough, had struck tlie hidden box, -but that did not assist him in the least in the prosecution of his design. She ridan, being now in one of his more agree able moods, accompanied hint through the bush for several days, but he soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armytage pur sued his wanderings alone. The spirit of the place seemed to be upon him, for immediate ly he had breakfast lie would iill his flask and start into the forest. The whole day he would spend walking aimlessly about, peer ing into the scrub and here and there turning over the dead leaves, which in places lay thii-kly on the earth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over logs, in the hope that something would be revealed that coiild assist him in his quest. The farm laborers frequently met him in his solitary walks, and they soon came look upon him as demented. He had more than once visited Black burn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for him, and about three weeks after his arrival at the farm-house he found himself at midday for the third time in close proximity to the hut. It was on this occasion that lie committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in tho last chapter. After getting a way from the place he re mained concealed near the farm-house until darkness came 011, so that lie could enter un observed. lie had been lying in the scrub about two hours when ho was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps 011 the crackling under growth and, with u hunted look of feark lie jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, through a small opening in the thicket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of 1 him. Flight was now impossible and, witli min gled feelings of fear and satisfaction, lie waited for tho unexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered in his present state of agitation, but he felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmer who had come 011 him. "If ho ban me I have liim!" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. He looked at him for a full minute before he spoke and then said: " What 011 earth is the matter? You look as frightened as if yon had seen a ghost." TI10 man addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, but the at tempt only ended in a shudder. Ho had at first thought of concealing tho gold from Sheridan, but tho hitter's sudden appearance prevented him carrying1 out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell him of his luck. "No ; I haven't seen anything to frighten 1110; but, through my persistent hunting for tho treasure, I have been-rewarded in finding a portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose I do look somewhat queer." "Found the gold !" cxclaimed the farmer, j " Where did you find it "Down at the-that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for tho other boxes,but found no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. " I will go with you to-morrow, and we'll make a better search. Wo must get the re mainder. Wo will never be content until we do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow Ave will go. It is too late now." " Gome nil to the house and let me see what you have found. I am all anxiety." " I don't want to go before dark," an swered Armytage. "If tho farm hands see me carrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and wo don't want that." " You are right! j'ou are right!" assented Sheridan. " Tho less talk there is the better. We must keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." "Yes; that will be best. It will be dark in another hour, so that wo will not have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoarse whispers,conversed until dark ness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously 111 the direction of the house, Ar mytage ever and anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim ; and when they reached tho homestead Sheridan took his companion into his own room unobserved. "You must stay in the room with me now, as you cannot remain with my overseer, who would be almost certain to find out the gold. I will make a bed up here, and then we can arrange our plans without fe ir of interrup tion or discovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan had a second bed put in the room, and during the night his companion showed him the gold ho had found, keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. " There is a small fortune there," remarked the farmer to his companion. " We must be in luck's way. First I discover a box and now you hud another." " 13y all just rights, as we have entered j into a partnership over this matter, I should retain what I have found," replied tho latter. " You have given mo only a fraction of your find, and I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will make u* about square." " Oh ! ' Honor among thieves,' you know. You surely would not act as you say. I al- j ways gave you money when you asked for it, I and what more could you expect ? You will divide with me, surely!" " I'll make a fair bargain with you, Sheri dan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. "We will then be 011 an equal footing, and if we find any more of the ' plant' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be 110 further trouble to you, as I have pro vided for myself now." " I don't think that is fair. I want half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thing 011 you." " I tell you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. " You didn't give me half of yours, and you must be con tent with what you get. If you denounce me to the police I will do the same with you and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of the man convinced Sheridan that it would be useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little time he said : " Well, don't lot us quarrel about it. I know you are a good-hcartcd fellow, and I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more,and we will be content." It is very easy to talk of '.* to-morrow," but it never comes to some people. Ta< u«°ui<ls who loalc upon the svltiugr sun vrilh brhrhi hop.-s :nri p!; in fur t!i« fulurj i'.i their ir.-ver ;i;r;tin s;l: tlnj yloriou.-: <;rb of ibiy ilUnniuu tit-j vrnrM : f»u\ in dayli^at or ilaric, th-it tavk'ss ra::pvr Dwitli pursues his tour..aii'l ov-jr ;:urt ;ihv:ivs the humun liarwst is !>c-i:iy ir.Lili.-ivd in by tii'j Sickle of tiiu Gleaner. 