THE LEADER;: JUSTICE TO AI.1. SATURDAY, .29th, OCT., 1892. NATIONALISATION OF LAND. Jons STUART MitL, than whom there is no greater modern authority ex taut, has striven to persuade the British people that the land of the nation ought to be part and parcel of the property of it, and from a ration al point of view, we agree with him ; and had the Government of the day to begin de novo, we would say. by property of the state, but, unfortuiin ately, it is not.so, for we find that during the feudal ages Kings of their own free will and accord handed over large tracts of territory in perpetuity to their partisans which: are still: held as the heiritable pro. perty of the descendants of those families; but, in this new land of ours therei were ho such largeses, consequently, their is no parrellel. In handing over the recently dis covered land .of Australasia to local management unconditionally, it was quite within the province '.f, the 1\. newly-appointed Government to deal with the territory over which it was t, impowered to rule, and to retain every inch of land ini its own right, il and only, to lease such as its inhabit r ants sought to occupy /for their own special" purposes, whether: for! the c. sight of the holnesfead or cultivation, a work shop, or a factory, In the earlier stages of course the uses to which:the bulk of the~land could be applied could only have been of the must primitive order;" but still, occupation of it of some kind, even for squatting, very' soon presented itself, andnthle Government felt quite justified in letting it then on nominal terms, still retaining'the fee bimple ; and'of cou'rse the exclusive power to deal.with it as it might think proper, but when it bega 'to aiitenatet it, there is reason to fear that it minade a grave mistake, and how far'the re. mark applied depends on the opinion of the persons under whose observat ion the subject comes. For our own part we. must confess thiat it is just a little too deep for our limited com prehension iand knowledge, for, we cannot ble all John Stuart Mill'sa or` Adam Smith's, but this much we may: say,' that 'we; lay claini to the pos. session ;of hi individual { power i of rellection, and having the benefit of the assistance of such profound thinkers ,we 'surely marj be enabled to form a rational' opinion on the subject. 'Having, however, disposed of ;o, much- of the piublic estate, it may seem too late toretrace our steps but ws? do' not think so,,.for it is never to l?ate to miend 'and:if it is advisable' to; re-consider, the: laud policy of the country pthe sooner we set about it the better. This, we may averithat it req7lires no stretch. a of imagination to 'see iiwhrlitan is ti mense benefit it:.ould have been to thle Governmenti at the present time had it been ;in receipt of the rental e of all the land in the colon' instead 01 of. having to: go ha t.in hand to to the money -lendeir :of; Giost Britan for I loans, .whichsare' landing us deeper r' 'an4 l pdeeop `i ,' n I,9, Fa )'aiclcausipg h us to :pay. tliroubh 'the i nose for a overything we eat and drink, and, the .very: clothing. with which' we c'oer our nakerdness It is afearful E contrast, and therefore a subject t calling for th Lie most earnest appeeal for consideration. In' the, past !we have been thlowing away the ptop es 1 patrimony broadcast to avaricious land grabbors and speculators 'to, hoard up and deal with, notfor the inteirst of the colony, but for their own individual benefit, and in direct antagonism to every rule of comimer cial. propriety:. Millions of capital havee. beein sunk in the traflic of the purchase of land; which would have been much more profitably employed in the development of the country or in builclihlg. homes for ourselves upon land which we might have been proud to 'adiit was that of the state, and for which , we might have 'been only called *upon' to pay a nominal yearly rental, which would be going to assist in meeting the expensea of Governiment, L.;et. us therefore see to it, and reflect on the present state of matters, and ask ourselves the 'questions,-What: has brought this about? and what will cure it ? l\e want to see no more land-booms, or people running nimad ifter wealth, hunting it asmdetectives do a fugitive a Deeming or the Elstrnirick ghost, of which so much has lately :been runounred, but inever catchiing it. Some people thought when we com menced theu land racket that we w'ere on the highway to wealth, but alas ! awhat a. mistakewlii made t It was ionly a vision afteishowillia'-th. wrisp, an ignis fatitus. To show however, that some of our readers are beginninig to "ealise the pro. priety of seriously consiJering the question of, le:using v selling, a persual of a letter in our last'week's issue may be worthy of re reading, especially by those whom itmaymore immediately.concern. 1\. , · -_ 