'THE STORY OF A DOUBLE j MISTAKE. EHUKDRKDnml sixty-four years njro one of tho most popular' and flourishing Iwstelrics in tho ancient cilv of Vovk was theVackhorse, in Micklejjate. Tho ho?tc?s was- to buxom, middle-aged widow, Mrs. TJannkh Williams, as shrewd a womau of business ns there was to be found anywlicrc, eren in a county famed for the shrewdness of its men nnd women. Mrs. Williams know how to make her guests comfortable, -(uid she must. we imatrino. have been a land lady of much the samo type as the one whom Frans Hals has immortalised in tliat famous portrait, which i« ono of the gems of our National Gallery. For many years Mrs. Hannah Williams had managed the Pack horse, and was generally reputed to have umassed a large sum of money. Impressed by tho rumours of her wealth, suitors of all sorts and degrees had sought her hand, but shei had apparently had quite enough pf matrimony during the life time of tho late lamented Mr. Williams ; at any rate sho had no deairo whatever to repeat the experiment. In tho year 1727 the head waiter of the tavern wus one Thomas Geddeloy who had been for some time in the employment of Mrs. Williams and onjoyed her confidence to a considerable extent. Hp was a plausible fellow, who lmd ft happy \va\ of ingratiating himself into the favour of the guests, aud altogether he appeared to have about as emu* and lucra tive a berth as any waiter could wish to have. One morning in tho month of March, 1727, Mrs. 'Williams 'found her cabinct desk, or oscritoire, as they called it in those days, broken open, papers strewn about tlie floor and every drawer evidently rifled. A single glance at the wrecked piece of furniture was enough to confirm her wcrst'fears. A sum of nearly £400, in notes and gold, which had been looked up there, had disappeared. All the servants of tlio establishment were at once summoned to their mistress's presence, and sternly questioned as to whether thoy had seen any suspicious charactcr about, ior she said she could not believe that any servant of hers could havo robbed hor. They one and all gave a solemn denial of any knowledge of tho robbery, nor had any of them seen any one of a suspicious chAmcter about the premises. But when the servants had been questioned, and had asserted their innocence, it was noticed that Thomas Geddeley was not ^present. As tho hostess dismissed tho servants she said, 41 Send Thomas to me j say I want to speak to him particularly. She, relied on Geddeley'a sagacity to help her to find some clue to the thief, and wanted, therefore, to consult with him at once. lint presently one of the maids returned and said tljat Geddeloy could not be found anywhere ; he was not in his pantry, nor in his bedroom, hor in the coflee-room ; in fact, though they llud searched tlie house high and law, they cmild discover no trace of him. This was strmme. However, it was just possible thalb Thomas might have gone out into the citly on .some business of his own. But when Ian hour, two hours, three hours elapsed, Mi-s. Williams began to havq unpleasant suspicions that tho waiter's disappearance might hrive some connection with the robbery. On further inquiry, one of the chambermaids felted that she had seen Geddeloy in Mrs.\ Williams's private room early that morning, with a poker in his hand, but as sho had several times seen him there before she took np notice of tho cir cumstance. ^ This ipade the fact of tlie waiter's disappearance imore suspicious than ever, and when ; the whole day and night passed withpi^b any tidings of him, tho hostess had^ no alternative bub to reconcile hersolf to the conviction that the servant whom sho thad* so implicitly trusted had-been so basely! ungrateful as to deliberately rob, in his heartless and *?«-»:?*? less way, the mistress to w\io se kindness he owed so much. In tho^e dUys, when there wereoio railways; no teletaUph, and but a very imperfect police syjMi. it was-casy enough for a thief h^fety if he only got a few BcraSff clear start. Thomas Geudeley Yanishccyancl left no trace behind him, nor could tho most gearoliing inquiries discover , any clue to his . whereabouts. ? So Mrs. Wiflliams was per force compelled, ns she hei self remarked, 'to grin and bear it.' j About eighteen months passed, and tho robbery at the Packhorse was almost for gotten by all but the hpstesjs, 'when, as the Boots of tho tavern was j passing down Skeldergate, he saw, helping: to load a cart, . a man -whose face scorned ft miliar to him. He stopped, looked hard atl the man, then ?topped up to him, tappett him on the shoulder, and said, ' Hullo i! Gcddeley.' The person bo addressed, turned nhtivply round, and with a stare ol astonishment «ald— ' My Jiame isn't Geddeloy, ind X never Bob eyes on you before.' 'What! you're not Tlioinus Goddeloy, M was waiter at thePnokhoris? ' exclaimed Boote. 'No ; I never heard of tlierann you speak ?f, and I never was in the P.\okhorse in my ife. \- - ' Then who the dovil are you 1 ' ntlted Boots in bewilderment. 'My name's James Crow,' replied the other, 'and I havo only Ween in York a fortnight. You've mistook mo for some body elBe.' 'Well, if you're not him you're liis twip brother,' said Boots, incrclduloiisly, and then walked away. On hia return to tha Packhoree he told Mrs. Willia ins that he had Bean Geddeley workiij^ as a p jrter, and that though the man denied that ho was Geddeley, aud said his name was Crow, he (Hoots) ' could swear it was the late waiter at tlie Paokhorso. Mrs. Williams was of opinion that Boots must be mistaken, as I she was sure that Geddeley would never uai-o to eoino back to York, where so many people know him. But the next day two tradesmen of the city came into tho Packliniso, and both asserted that they had seen|Gecldeloy, and that Mrs. Williams had better have liim arrested at once, before lie had time to escape. Mrs. Williams, however, still refused to believe that tho man could possibly be Geddeley. But she said thn6 |f these gentle Bten and Boots liked to swear hn information before the magistrate and jtave a warrant issuod for tho man's arrest, she would come and identify him, and if lw roally turned' outs to be tho late waiter sho would pro secute him with the utmost rigour of the law. In duo course the man who called himself James Crow was arrested.and Mrs.Williams wsb sent for to idontify him. uie was placed among a score of other men, but the moment Mrs.Williams ran her eye; down the line she picked him out at once, ahd seizing him by tlio collar exclaimcri, ' Oh ! you base, ungrateful rascal I've caught you at last, f have I ? Oh ? you villain, yon thief, you shall swing for this or niy name's not Hannah Williams.' ( All the while she was uttering these exclamations tho oxcitcd hostess of tho PacUhorae, who was a big ]and poweiful woman, was shaking the man as a terrier might shake a rat. i ' Will you swear to him, Mis. Williams V usUed the magistrate. j ' Swear to him, I should think I conld. I'm not likely to forget his liang-dog face, tho rascally thief.' I ; ?.- When the unfortunate man was able to free himself from tho grasp pf tho enraged hostess of tho Packlioiso, lie cried out in a . . i : . loud voice, 'I toll you, mistress, you i-e 'Mistaken, I never saw you before in my life. I nevor : - was in York till a fortnight, ago. My name ? i' is James Crow, and I never knew anybody in my life of tho namo uX Geddeley.' 'But Mrs. Williams was nowi positive that alio saw her old waitor before hor, and in ? order to clinch the matter sho sent for soino , of her servants from tho inn,, all of whom nwore emphatically that the man was Thomas Geddeley, and that there could not possibly bo any mistake aboutl his identity*, ? ' , . In vain the tai- diaanl James Crow assorted Inn ignorance ef Thomas Cjeddeley aud ' tvorythiBg- ptsUiiiiiig to him, ' Against such overwhelming proof ot itis Identity with tlin thief his protestalionswerc disregarded, and he was forthwith committed to York Castle for trial at the the next assizes. When the case cainc on the court was crowded, for the extraordinary recklessness of Geddeley in appearing in York after com mitting so deliberate and gross a crime, nnd liis brazen impudence in trying to pass him self oir as another man, had invested his trial with unusual interest. The prisoner, j who looked dazed und bewildered when lie came iuto the dock, pleaded ' Not Guilty,' but the evidence against , him was such as to leave not tho ' slightest doubt of liis guilt. Mrs. Williams, i the servants of tho Packhorse, and a dozen other independent witnesses, nil swore positively that the prisoner was Thomas Geddeloy, lato waiter at the Packhorse. The chambermaid, who had seen him in Mrs. Williams's private room with the poker in his haud on the morning of the robbory, testified to that fact, nnd also to tho confused and frightened appearanco of the culprit— though this may have been an afterthought 011 her part, seeing that at first she liad asserted that she saw nothing in Geddeley's presence in the room to rouse her suspicions. It was further elicited that, tho story which tho prisoner had given of his antecedents ufter his arrest was not a satisfactory one. By his own showing I10 had been living the life of a rogue and a vagabond. IIo could refer to 110 employor for a character. He was very reticent about his movements during the previous -oighteen months, and in fact loft 011 the court tho impression that having spoilt tho proceeds of the robbory 111 dissipation, he had been living a shiftless; hnnd-to-mouth existence ever since. The prisoner was undefended, and 011 being asked what he had to say in his defence, made a rambling, somewhat incoherent statement, winding up ? by solemnly calling God to witness that, he was not the man ha w as asserted to be, that he was James Crow— that lie had ljevor known any such person as Thomas Gcddoley — that lio had never been in York till I10 came there a fortnight beforo liis arrest ; and that he had never in his life sot fbot insido the Paekhoree. WJien ho had linishml, the Judge said : ' But surely if your stato- j ment is true, you could have found witnesses to prove fchji t you were not in York nt the ' time of tlio robbory. Where do you say you were in the month' of March, 1727?' , The prisoner hesitated. ' I was — in — in Norwich, I think,' he said. 'No — in Nottingham— I —1 oan't remombor now where I was.' This admission was fatal ; but tlie Judge, willing to do his utmost for tho prisoner, said, ' Can you write 1' ' Yes,' was the reply. . 'Then,' continued his lordship, 'surely you could have written to somo persons;who knew that you were not in York when the robbery was committed, nnd they would have come here to give evidence in your favour.' ' I didn't know any one-to write to,' said the prisoner sullenly. This was a still moro fatal admission, and after that the judge gave up the attempt to help the prisoner us a bad job. Tlie summing-up was short, and the jury without leaving the box found that 'Thomas Geddeley, tho prisoner at the bar, was guilty of the robbory with which I10 was charged.' When asked what he had to say why sentence of deuthshoulduot.be passed upon him, tho prisoner simply said, ' I'm not guilty, my lord, I'm an innocent man.' Then the judge put on tho black cap, and amid solemn silence Thomas Geddeloy was condemned to die. After hearing tlie sen tence the prisoner remained clutching the bar of tlio dock, leaning forward with his eyes fixed in a dazed stare upon the judge. It required the united strength of three warders to wrench away his desperate grasp upon the bar. Then us he turned his ashen face to the jury he cried in a voice which 110 one who heard it ever fOigot. ' You've killed an innocent iuun.' Four days later, Thomas Go/Ait'!^-^-,- — hunged.bitt fiwirttfihrnJineiit he ® removed -from the dock till the drop foil he never uttered unuther word to any human being. He died mute. Nearly two years after the cxeention of Thomas Geddeley, Mr. Gibson, a solicitor from York, happened to bo in Dublin 011 business. Ho was in the courts one day when the Assizes wero on, and a livin was placed- in th? dock to stand his trial for robbery. The Yorkshire solicitor glanced at tho prisoner, and then gave a great start of surprise, for- before liiin he saw Thomas Geddeley, tlio man who had been hanged nearly two -years before at York ,o.r his ghost. Ho rubbed his eyes, nnd stared harder than ever at the prisoner. Ho was indicted under -the name of Joluisoh, and the evidence of his crime was so conclusive against liiin tliat the jury, without, hesitation, found him ?guilty, and he was/sentenced to death. The extraordinary resemblance of this man to the Thomas Geddeley who had been executed at York so impressed Mr. Gibson that after the trial he applied for permission to visit the condemned criminal. The request was granted, and the solicitor was the next day admitted to the convict's cell. 'I want you,' said Mr. Gibson, 'to cloar up a mystery before you die. Did you ever know a man named Geddeloy ?' The answer was a startling one. 'Yes, Mr. Gibson, I know you well. I am Thomas-Geddeley 1' ' And you robbed Mrs. Williams, of tlio PackhorseV' 'I did, sir.' ' Then, my Gpd, you've beoji the moans of sending an innocont man to his death 1' ' How so asked tho convict, eagerly. ' Why, did you novor hear thut a man ?supposed to be Thomas Geddeley, was hanged at York two year* ago for that robbery?' 'As God is my judge, I never heard of it. I came straight ovor here directly after I robbed Mrs. Williams, changed my name, and litre I've been ever since.' Then Mr. Gibson told the story of James Crow, and Geddeloy, though his own death was but n fow hours distant, was so affected that I10 burst iuto tears. When Mr. Gibson returned to York lie. lost 110 time in making public this extra ordinary story, at the same time bearing wit ness to the marvellous likeness between the two men, which, he said., was so close as to have deceived anyone. — Abridged from the Licensed Victualler*' Gazette. IN MEM0I1IA.M. Hast ever loved a friond, and marked tho gap His loss has left 1 Thou hast lost wealth, mayhap, Or lovo, as now 'tis known ? Both may return, But nob a friend like that which now I mourn— A friend whose lifo did with my lifeentwino Almost from boyhood— his a part of mine. Such friends onco lost can never be roplaced ; Otlieis, indeed, may by the name bo graced. But, bought by gold, tlioir falseness ull disccrn, Unstablo, weak, shaken at every turu. ' Ah, bitter when the false usurps the truo !.: Yoo my poor friend, his worth I never know; His sterling virtues novor did suspect, And lost him as tlio price of my neglect. Had I moro closely w,atchcd his foe, per chance All had been otherwise— the flashing glanco The gleam and glitter of the brightcold steel, Tho shriek of agony, the wild appeal, And, as iny friend foil crimsoned with his gore, The groan that told too truly all was o'er 1 Gono ! gono ! For ever gone — so firm, so truo ! ? They mock the old who bid me try tha new. Never shall I — wlmto'or the pain and cost— Kenow my lasb Eye- tooth— for ever lost 1 'Pat! Pat! you should never hit a man when he is down!' 'Begobs, what did I womtk so hard to got him down for?' j The theory of give and take is a great one, but never be so situated that you liavo to I give txguscs for taking what isnotyoui own. 