GOD'S SEVENTH DAY SABBATH I ' DAY VERSUS MILES GRANT. to trs imtos or tub iitfuln. bir.,— Fermi: me to comment upon "aab- batarisn'a" apology for Miles Grant, and to i tLack bio for oan.e. I am glad we agree that it wa« the seventh day of the week which the Jews kept as the Nab- Lath day, and imsmcrh at that tersnta day1 all otrr the etrxitsed world, identical with Satardav, acd always has and always will be, tbtre is co excuse for snvose imagining that tee fintdxr of the week (Scrdayjl? the seventh day. 1 he 5th chap, of Deuteronomy qcotod by " Sabba- Ss-biAth t/tr.c Lc rd thy God," and that i« the primary reason God gwefcis chosen people rncny w jtc the third verse of Generis iL: " Aid Goi blessed the seventh day, and t-acetified it. because that is i: (the seventh day). He tad rested from all Kit wire, whien Goi created and rcwde " (Htb : "Created to make.'"") Adding in verse 13. "Acd remember teat thou wist a i<r.-ant in the land ot Ervnt. and that the Lord thy God broaih: thee ont tcecce tfirtugh a nighty hand, acd by a streteced, on: am." (Dtnb'.Ieu in Egypt their task master would cot allow them to res: on tbe Sabnath Day, acd this reminder was calcu lated to evoke grateful obeiiesce.) This verse eoselcdei, "Therefore, the Lord thy God co mm tided thee to keep the Sabbath : day." When? reference to the six- te»nth of Exodcs i: will be found that days before the Lw.givicg at Sinai was the time alluded to. The Ten Commindtnects I are tbe rule cf life for all mankind, let God had commanded men by word of mouth from the time he forbade Adam and Eve to eat of oue specified tr«e in tbe Garden of Eden. Otherwise it could cot hiTe been written " Fcr uctil the law (of Ten Command ments) Sin was in the world, but Sin is sot impnted, when there is to law, nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Mow." " Moreover tie law (of tn Ten Commandments) entered that the offssre might abuund " Romans V.). It is manifest that Cain must hare been Divinely commanded no; to kill, for it it written— " Wcereno lav it, there is no transgres sion." Now, if Acam was a man, the "Sab bath was made for him as a man: for in Mark II.. 27, our Saviour declares, " The Sabbath was made for man." When ! I reverent') ask ? Two thousand years before there wo a Jew : two thonaod five hundred year before the law was giveo on Sinai ; ve. and two thous and year before tbe call of Abraham, viz., on the first sevectb day from the beginning. Pnorto, bat not after,' His resurrection, oar Lord and Redeemer many times spoke of Himself a "The Sooof Mid," and in the twelfth cf Matthew, lie says, "The Son of Man is Loid even of the Sabbath day." How? Because He is Meuira, " The word of whom John thus writes " In the bcnnc;ng was tbe Word, and the Word was with God, acd tbe Word was God,' " AH liiiugi were nude by Him, and withOQt Him was not anything made that wo made' (JobnM), "For there are three that bear record in htaven— tbe Father, the Word and the Holy Ghost, and theio three are one" (L John, v.7), "And cow, O Father, glorify thon me with thine own self with the giory which I had with thee before the world was" (John xvtL, 5). Hear Him, "I am Alpha acd Omega, the beginotng acd the ending, aaith the Lord, which is, and wbich was, and which is to come the Almighty" (Revelation L S). This is a portion cf the revelation of Jesot Christ sent and signified by His aozel unto His servant John. On what day? Yerie 10 tells o, ' I was in the Spirit on tbe Lord's Day (His by distinction, choice, and in stitution). the weekly recurring seventh day, blessed and tunctihed by Him, and beard behind me a great voice as of a trumpet, saying "I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the lost. ..." John toroed to »te Him, and adds, "And when I saw Him I fell at Hi feet as dead, and He laid Qis right band upon tne, saving cnto me, Fear not ; I am tbe first and the Isct : I am He that liveth and was dead, and behold I am alive for evermore, amen, and have the keys of hell (the grave) and of death."— Rev. i.f Id. banaooising with Psalm Ixvii, " He that is out God is the God of salvation, and unto God the Lord belong the iuues from deatn." Let Him be true, fear Him, and pollute Lot the day Ho is Lord of, nor haTetb pre sumption to tell Him, who chaogeth not, that by His redemption of us from our sins, which he bore on tbe Croat. He was divided agtiust Himself, and His word, and broke it, al though he averred "The Word of God came, and the Scripture cannot be broken.1' When on earth in the 2«h He kept tbe Seventh day Sabbath, Lad tne Jews who crucified bint atcaicd him, wrongfully, of breaking it; and the fact of their crucifying him ti a proof that, coald they have substan tiated their charge ot Sabbath-break- ing, they would have none so. "Sabbatarian" says, "I guess Mr Grant ! would sty if we were to fcrop holy the Jewish Sabbath we should offer the sacrifices fixed up for that day." Will lie please contrast his "guess" with this— "Hub the Lord as great delight in buret offerings and sacri fices as in obeying the voice of the Lord ? Heboid to obey is better tnan sacrifice, and to hearken th&a; the fat of rams." " Go ye and learo what that meaoeth. I will have mercy and not aacrihce, for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners, to repentance " (mentaooi— " change of mind "). He adds, " I'll put it down that Mr Grant reckons the Christian keeps the memorial of tbe rising from tbe dead of Christ on the first day c'f tbe week." Paul says that baptism is " memorial " Therefore we arc buried with him by baptism unto death, that like as Christ was raised up from the dead hy the glory of the Father, even ao we also should welkin newness of life" (Pamins vi., 4). " Sabbatarian" rjaotcs Hebrews viii., 7, that "if the first covenant tied been fault less then should no place have been sough, for the eecoud," and reckons the tint covenant contained the 4th commandment, " I deem him out in his reckoning /or this resaon. that the first covenant the Apostle refers to was Dot the Ten Coin- mandments, for if it wire he would be con demning them as ' faulty,' and as having ben done away— abolished iu foci— whereas elsewhere he writes, " Do we then make void the law through faith ? God forbid ! Yea, we ' establish tbe law." See Hcb. x. " In bornt offerings and sacrifice for sin thoo host bad no pleasure." Then said I, Lo 1 come (in the relume of the book it is written of me) to do Thy will, 0, God. He taketh away tbe first that be may establish the sceend. ".This Is tbe covenant that I will make with them : After those days, aaith the Lord, 1 will putmy lavs intotheir hearts, and in their minds will I write them." Tbe question is, whit does the word covenant mean! Webster says, "A mntoal agreement of two ot more persom or parties in writing, and under seal, to do cr rclraiu from some act or thing ; a contract, stipulation." Now the old covenant was male " with their father in the day when I took them by the hand to lead them out of the Und of Egypt " (Heb. riiL, 0), whereas Deuteronomy ir. 13, emphatically call tbe Tea Commandments His (God's) covenant, as in Exo-tus xix, 5 it is written of them, "My covensot." I fear I mutt not encroach on your space to further explain the two covenants, hut shall be glad to avail mvself of your privileging me to do so further on.— Yours, etc., H.C.J.C. 