THE EDITORIAL MILL The Bundaberg election-is the next of a ? series which seems to have started with the death of Barcoo Murphy. It differs from the othere in indicating aeerious split in the anti-Labour ranks. Of the four anti-Labour candidates, it u fair to dismiss Sheldon and Skyring from the boards as representing nobody in particular and having apparently no chance of euooesa, unless, it be by one of the strange flukes ^ecasjatufljy taken by the ballot boz. ^ttBy and OurtiB, who renmin, are both ' Blanftiabonr meb7 'but differ in toe eaF' teat of their torfism. Daffy, at wm to be expected by those who have noted the ab goTutBly unreasoning spirit of the average propw^y holder, ran Curtis two to one at tbt- jferopejw holders' meeting by virtue of tm opuo^&aon; to all possible reforms, ^trtia. Ih&wsver;, who takes certain planks t&mmb; Labour platform while praotioauy ? diny&fTflsB;^giitT^Mfee^Ia^Mrar-psrte^fco- aet^erar^BeentataoQ, declares he wifl go — tcrfcaBpolL Thus, in some way, the Bun daberg «S&Gttt;*n is a three cornered fight thongs iM $be Black Labour question it IsMBJtdijgfai as j&e; three preceding eleo tionB havejbeen. The Labour candidate u the White Labour candidate. Whoever votfejs Iot anybody «l«e votes fur a Black ? AqgtraKa. for. a degraded people and a fprMted Inheritance. ':..:'?' ft.' * *-- Tie Bundaberg men should beparfcuju latfy *?*&§$[ to go straight on this occasion bocwtie although it would certainly be better *o have a onemau-one-wjbe candi date leltiraed than a phuaivotar, yet one pxan^Wfr-yota, will never be secured ex. oBp⇔ by 4 OBWsiro demonstoatton^ttiie iNUp&pox; of the determination of Labour to look alter itself a little, while even ? -me^fflJta-«Be-TOte-BiuBt not be allowed to momiraxfl. Votes are of no value if the spirit opt makes free nations does not animate voters, and for a man jtoioqaiasoe mildly #hiletfce destiny of White Labour. _ - - t»eo very future of his raoe, is being strangled before his eyes by treachery and fipsbd lihows him by that aot alone tobe unworihy of the ballot, unfit to be a {atlpen of » great and free nation even though he bjMl a million votes. ? .-?'.. ' # * * 51* proposals of Piayfotd, the open \- — statoments-Biade-by papara lilto tho 8- Mr gettedU-a~ttemk labour paper— on the folly of talking of kanakas for the plantations only, the notorious plot that pervades' the air for filling with ' cheap and reliable' labour the whole of North Australia in known to Hie electors of Bundabatgas well as it isto any of us. They kno# what the kanaka is, know the otter hoUowness of the pretences that whites cannot work in the ? oane attd that Macks give whites work. i^^fcla^not iriltheir n^nhoodfor a dap«i?#^uW as if they^ere silly giriBtempWbyVhe vowpof a Bat Juan 1 ThiBWain question in Bundaber^ asovery where eke, ia; Shall Australia be white t And every man who«pe»ks or votes or oan dida***h*a&et; way is a traitor to ins people, »t«negadeto his race. We needn't minoe words. It is the exisbenoe of the white«moe in Australia set in the balance, againsb the existence of kanaka-slaving. * * # men can work in the Bundaberg district at any rate. It was Mr. Duffy himself o who baoked Bingera Gibson in the ' white planter's ' hopeless fight againBt the banks that put on the screw for black labour years ago as they are doing now. And though both Duffy and Gibson have given up in despair and gone over to the enemy^ that doesn't matter. In their heart of hear&they; know better, and they know the real forces against which the White Labour men fight. And Curtis knows it, too. They all know it, only they think they can't help themselves and so play the bank game and trust to making a few pounds for themselves Bven though the next generation finds Australia 'another Asia pure and simple. '- ' ? * * V Re the denial by members of the N.S.W. Oabinetofthe statement, originally made in the Wobeeb, that Griffith consulted the Southern Governments as to their . jdews oiLthe Black Labour question before issuing his manifesto, I have no doubt that' the statement was absolutely correct!. It is nov necessary vo uriug questions up a\\- Cabinet meetings to get a fair idea of the feelings of Governments, and I have most reliable authority for insisting that Griffith did discuss the matter while in the South and did come back assured that the Governments of the Southern colonies would wink as far as possible. And itis also correct tbat Lord Kintore, who is behind the ooolie business, put the finishing touch to Griffith's hesitating determination, which was such that he went as far as Adelaide to see if Black Labour would interfere with Federation. The Southern governments reckoned without Dr. Paton. That is the secret. They thought the whole business would be only a three days wonder and then would their bast to^fchrow dust into the eyes of their oonstitoentm the latest trick being PUyford's proposed intercolonial oon f«ejaoe-on-tne -coloured labour question. Tnti! oonferenoe being the Bugarooating to ^ ooolie^iin whtoh is endangered by the excitement raised over the kanaka question. At this conference South Australia, , Victoria, and New South Wales, will be represented, aa their governments must keep up a show of oaring for the white workers. But Griffith, who is in the swim aboutasfftraeieeangoand can't.get out without recantation, isn't to be, found tak ing such a risk for the sake of united Aus tralia. His reply to Playford's invitation is a fine specimen of lawyer writing : We tolly recognise that the question of the Introduction ol coloured labour into Australasia is a mattei of more than provincial concern ana sbould be dealt with by a federal authority. At the same time we think that it oan only be dealt with satisfactorily by an authority which has the responsibility of carrying out its con clusions. This responsibility j«t present rests opBa^B provincial legislature, and jwe do not tbjak that it oan be discharged by any other authority, A conference of representa tives of this Governments could not in our opinion properly assume it. They could only discuss the matter from an abstract point of view, and a majority of colonies could not bind a minority, and for that reason, amongst others, then would be wanting the neoessary sense of ^responsibility. We-do-not therefore -see that any useful purpose would be served at present by a conference to discuss the question. This is the first time Griffith has ever re fused to join an intercolonial ixtnference. But the oonferenoe will almost certainly be a fierie, as it is doubtless intended to be. Griffith probably arranged his refusal when Playford was in Brisbane. That's how we are governed: ' ~ * * * Speaking at the Y.M.O.A. Intercolonial Convention, reoently held in Brisbane, Ex- Attorney General BuUedge announced that he had just read 'Caesar's Column,' which describes the possible overthrow of modern civilisation by the desperate and woe-begone 'Goths and Vandals M bred in the slums of great cities and in the squalid hovels of mortgaged fanning lands. The pftW^rfoi 1**igy*ffft rtf tha ntiw famous book Teems to tave awaketted Rutledge^-fesrer even (hough it failed to touch his heart, for he declared that he was sure the threatened catastrophe would come about ' if the leavening and sweetening influence of some such organisations as the Young Men's Christian Association were not pushed on in the world.' Like many other things one oomes across this would m» *nwning if it were not, no Raddening. ? * * * ThiB Y-M-CAToonTsntion showed its value aB an antidote to the suicidal ten dencies of the age by absolutely ignoring the whole social problem. Not a single hour, one might almost say not a single sentence, was devoted to the ooneideratton of the open discontent with the existing order of things which already shakes civilisation and which, as Rutiedge pro fessed to think, is likely to shake it down. It was hardly to be expected that any practical resolution would have beep carried since the convention was domi nated by men who openly and persistently oppose ail reforms and abuse alL agitators for reforms. But one might weUj»js§fc_ doned for naving expected that at least one of a somewhat representative body of professing Christians would have thought of -the wrong-wrought misery of millions upon millions of his fellow-men and have voiced the brave teachings of the great Teacher in whwe name the convention was supposed to have gathered together. — fn^ stead of this we have Rutiedge, himself an ex-minister as well as an ex-attorney general, winning wild applause by de claiming that to stave off the fulfilment of 'OJesart Column ' the Y.M.C. A, which ignores the great social problem, must be 'pushed on in the world.' In other words, brethren, if you are hungry go and play leap-frog ; if your heart is breaking ieaanse those you love suffer iinjnntiiy^o, 'and~oomfort-yourself with an— empty wrangle over dogmas. * # * Exactly the same may be said of the recent Anglican Synod, the only Protestant body not represented in the Y.M.C.A. Church government, church organisation, theological disputation, metaphysical scene -Bbif &ng;, all of these have full prominence and engross ^e JM^fek88^ attention °£ jj)y* rnx-TWinK ftxponencs 01 cne iiruiy oatnoiic creed which toe Christ spoke in one single sentence, sublime in its simplicity. It is only the suffering of the world, the weeping of the ohildren, the unspeakable anguish of humankind, the social wrongs which roused the righteous anger of the gentle Galilean teacher two thousand years 8*6, that are disregarded in assemblies of the self-styled 'saints.'* Blinder than the -b.UirinntMia ? f.hev faa&b; even thousrh thev themselves can read the writing on the wall Our Rutledges, with warnings oh their own lips, trip^ lightly towards 'Caesar's Column.' * * * But the Rev. Buchanan may take exoep tion to thiB and say that he at least attempts practically to remedy plain social evils, as bear witness his eloquent sand wiehing-Qf-apleaibt black slavery on the plantations with a plea against white slavery, in the shops. Yet even Buchanan does'not do more than incidentally make texts of incidental evils. It is not recorded that his voice has risen in convention against the social sins which cause social evils ; and it seems to me that those who make a trade x-t jreligious preaching may fairly be expected IS 'turn their attention to the ethical side, of industry, to the morality of modern, industrial conditions, even though by doing so they havfl to Iftaye the economic side to be worked out. in accordance with morality, by those ^irho make of political economy a special study. Unless a religion is a living^norality it is a mere worthless farce, the masquerading ghost of a departed enthusiasm; and unless preachers are prepared to take their Btand on the morality they profess to preach, on the inspiration they profess to follow, all their timid tinkerings with the results of unoondemned immoralities are but as the dust-clond of soulless charities that rise always above a national Dance of -^Death. — Thftre ''«' nmnpmmiHn VtnWftfln a true man and the Truth. Elisha may have let Naaman bow his head in the house of the false god Rintmon, but those who look for light and leading to their Bible might remember that one whom they hold to be greater than Elisha would not have as a disciple him who dared not stand erect before the false god Mammon, who^would not 'sell all that thou hast and give to the poor.' ,, ' ?-? ? * ? -*— -- -*--?? '-? . That thu*(«eU all them hast and give to the poor1* idea must be taken in its broadest sense, Mr. Buchanan would cer tainly clainvand all will freely admit. But that it burns with the truest morality teownto man'—meaning that all we are and all we have, jbur lives, our possessions, our powers, our every -endeavours, should be devoted to the weu-beihg of our weaker fellow-men— none can possibly contest. Society would be socially perfect if such a morality influenced every citizen. And who preaches it? How many preachers dare face the persecution which to preach so would draw down on them ? How many preachers can even conceive what this morality means, can feel its ^ spirit, can breath its indoctrination until they in turn are inspired with a living eense of its truth? Why, if there were but a dozen in Australia, within a year the masses would fill the churches and the classes would have started a Church of the Golden Calf so as to have somewhere to go. * * # It is not that the masses have no sins, it ia not that one and all are not ulcerated from head to foot by this industrial leprosy of ours which poison well-nigh every race it touches. Every sin in the Decalogue is ours, between us, and we know it well, but we know also that we desire to be better and that conditions beat down our desiring. And whore we split with the preachers— as most men in the Labour movement do split sooner or later — is that - the preachers have become -part and parcel of the conditions that prevent ub rising. For our offences there is ever the loud voioe and the dramatic shudder ; for the offences of the rich there is the shrug of the shoulders, the measure ijehsg evened by indiscriminate denuocifc tions of every Labour agitator who strives to awaken his fellows and who even in hiB clumsiness is mostly einoere. For those who have waxed fat on the robbery of the poor tb^re is no condemnation. A string of liveried carriages at the church door owners and oarriages and horses shining with the golden sweat wrung from ill-paid men and death-worked women— only brings a sttiile to the lips of the modern parodies on tha waaJth- hatinflLMaw»iftnfl ? — ? ? , ? __4t ? # ? 4£ ' ? ~ ? Mr. Buchanan has argued for fair con ditions for shop assistants. Why does he not premh for fair oonditions ? Why does he not tell his congregation that those who profess to be Christian while they wilfully ignore the well-being of their fellows are liars and hypocrites, that employers who simply to accumulate riches work young prls till pretty well midnight on Saturdays ))£saheme the doctrine ^njen on {Sundays theymuinble with their lips? It is true thaOhe sweaters in bis bongregation^would be displeased. But surely no Christian minister fears man more than he fears God? And surely, also, because churches as a great body are dumb on the question of the morality of modern oonditions can be no reason for one-single honest man not speaking out straight? # * * I should go on to discuss the stand taken by Father Horan at Ipswich, only he at least seems to be trying to get the Union Prisoners out cf St. Helena. And what ever bis motives may be, while in the act he c^ say what_he Jdkfift. To take excep tiofi now to' what he saj's would show the same bad taste as he exhibits in muddying wh&trwe; may assume is a kindly act with abuse and misrepresentation. ? # # * Parliament openB next week. It is likely to do very little but pass a Land-grant -Railway— Bill, which is already prepared for presentation and the oompany behind which is practically formed. It is also whispered that either this session or the next legislation will be attempted limiting one n(juo oi procuring huu camping uu i-db reserves and roads by which the bushmen are enabled to travel with horses and to practically defy 'proclamations' such as that issued during the bush strike. No master what Honiaiw nm ft\ft^f\^ to this, it jfl a fact that it is^sontemplated. There is bo doubt that the whole tendency of imme diate law-making will be down hill as fast asiihe~-]k-vernment oan drive it. — John Millee. The four Newcastle lodges suspended for refusing to pay a recent strike levy are trying to get back into good standing. ? TFT ?q'gM~-grB nrft afctll hfttvi ok vtrnytr trying to ring in a ' freedom of contract ' organisation on the Tambo carriers. Railway Employes Association Sec retary Wilkinson held a meeting at Lowoodon Saturday last when wavering unionists rolled up and again got into line. Thk Darling Downs carriers' strike still continues. The pastoraliste1 agent is persecuting the carriers all he knows how ; and the P.M. harps on the wickedness of strikes whenever possible. Tee amalgamation movement con tinues. The northern, southern and wes tern N.S.W. miners are amalgamating on a 2s. 6d. entrance fee. 6d. weekly subscrip tion, joint action and all percentage levies in labour disputes and Eight Hours. The 'employment found 'in the Go vernment Labour Bureau reports turns out to be mostly free-passes issued to look for work elsewhere. Bureau offers in Bris bane : £30 a year for a married couple and £20 for a man to plough and milk. Why bring in kanakas ? The Charters Towers Engineers and Engine-drivers' Association has elected for the half-year: President, J. Welsh; vice president, D, Robertson ; treasurer, R. Roberts ; secretary, M. O'Neill The old committee was re-elected. Six new members were recently enrolled and the organisation holds its own well. Even Islanders trodden on sufficiently will turn and kick. Natives of Tonga have recently been on strike for a rise from 3s. to 5b. a day. As is becoming usual in Labour troubles the majesty of the law had to be invoked. The Tongans were had up for intimidation and fined before ' order was restored.' Newcastle coal owners talk of closing the Northern and Young Wallsend oof lieries because«the men object to h reduc tion of hewing rates. The old story ; no profits being made. Another cut being tried at Mount Zeehan, Tas.; three weeks notice being given and the A.M.A. re sisting. 