A Fívo Hundred Dollar Before tlip.jÇqnBtriwt.iqft^çf Cuban rail- ' ronds, tlie journey from Santiago to Man- | zauille,, pvijrj.the .passes; of the Sierra"? ''Maestra^. ^TM; madej in '.diligeuoés¡-»urst¿ cousins to the lumbering vehicles that still carry ^summer, loads of; tçôristà from gay Aifditl usia into'g'rúve (¡ruñaila". Like their .Spanish counterparty -^e-Borings, ofi tho Cuban diligences were "not* tempered in Toledo, and thg banes oftub unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in one for -eipht hours. On th« afternoon pf a'fetormy 'sutnnùind^y,; ^me^h^iLbaekiiinii the . 'sixties^ the American mail liad landed its contingent of letters " and, traders at Sautiago de Ciiba,-.and'toward evening one of the bulgy" and, dusty; conveyances montioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the Hotel de Cortex, loaded up with passengers and post packets for the interior. it was a stormy sundown. On the face of the round globe there is not a more over-estimated atretoh of water than the Carribeau ? Sea,' nor a greater delusion than that universally entertained by'persona'who have had no dealing« with J it as it is .always smooth sailing there. It is Bay of Biscay,'and British Channel combined, and'tho wildest gale in their waters is'a summer breeze compared with Carribean, tornado. Such an elemental , pastime waa,rising outside Santiago har bour on tuis^eveuiug, and our diligence, with ita peaked and taaael-hatted driver screaming to.bia team of muka, its dozen tiutniiu its' majorai (conductor) swinging precariously,, with dangled legs, in tho inside' leathern luggage cover, waa followed up the steep and pebbly streets of Santiago ? and far along the defiles of .the.. Sierra - Maestro by the, thundering swell of the' Carribean Sea. It overpowered tho cease less crack of the driven's whip and the . ; music of multifarious mule bells ;'J it drowned the conversational attempts, and ' deluged with white dust the twelve wretched " insides " ;. and it even, closed the loquacious mouth bf thé majorai, him self, a porsonage who, like bur old post;conr ductors, was always stuck full of,anecdote». and ready, to empty sa ploasa'nt glass with anyonë:'{ ff ' "',. v ...... !.'. Little by little, as. theidih'gence wound up and up, and dooper and .deeper into the heart of tho mountain, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened, byibeating against wa\liaftori,'wajl:of.liiñe'»ton« ','the roar aub sidod slowly; into fitful 'wailè^and at last even these bxpirtid/í'iThe'stórm, succeeded calm-calm sO'tirofbuhd as'tb' be uncanny. The highest point'of themas* was nearly attained, allu tte'.dnypr; ha4 ceased to crack his wbip^fpr.tbejwajj,.,»ijound along the edK^^f;;e^'|i»msr)^fi!K. there was scarcely "'fôbïhàlil ipr thë_mules. Out of those deeps issued froiiutinie to time the weirdest and mostAmetti-thly of sounds., A rudo cross caugbt'ibó light ouít8!'nétkéd ^ . arnis-asitue coach 'lumbered" bj*, -apU^'the] ; majorai, who was following 'on fobt/ns'w'as. his custom in steep and stony plates, crossed himself piously. "An Americano fell down -thu ol¿aaoi.-lf8rc>V'ho exphiinod toa passenger whosaeiiïiosity. was.excited.; "AiftUliis glinat: haunt's^ tho' spot,' pf; course," subjoined a .:flippant -fellow-, countryman of tho doceased. "Every hair casts a shadow, senor,'V .was the reply, unusually laconic forNa*'májbnu. Out of this episodic fragment of talk.-grevai*' animated conversation, with a sensational, end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to howl, and dust to fly down open throats,, tho tongues of the twelve passengers bogan" to wag, and by the time" the dangerous point in thu pasabais*Ïtho highest point -was safely travorsed, and¡tbe driyer,bad< whipped up his six mules,-, the- insides,' with their conductor pi*)cariously;ipo¡Bed; on the footboard, wore deep in a discussion1' concerning omens and 'ghostly tokens and afritet: of tho,-mountain«. The inky hue of tho oiuuds oveiliead, and the Egyptian darkness-of tho defile down, which.the diligence- vynq ^.ruatiing^^fihJgd^BggftiL,, celerity, p'roriiaposoi I thu mind to <lw.cll.on images ot' mystery and torror. ".'Märtija^ thu majorai, a swarthy, ilark-eyed; Çubàu,, wittily superstitions and solemnly con ceited, had u wull-paiidcd]story of rue or wonder forevery"trim of the road.. "At that alible wo have jua_t,,rotjnd0'd;'' said he, "waa found seven'ycaré a'go'Jáí tho season w «l the Anmmciata nu abandoned calesa . g*ipostchamu), empty andi blood-stained, g «Cone of the ventas (inns) of Santiago § Wited it ; none knew how it came there, ".put tho diligence malciiig') its liéxt' bi -Tvoekly of tlie'-Santa' Felisa Pass journey, was met ¡by-two' spl-ott'esV-a mau and a womani- each'with á'blending wound'slit on tlieíleft': breast:' \ ,'Th'uy rose out of thc gorgè^thèrôHvHi- re'th'ejiiultis plunged -thu brutes remember it to.thia.uay, vayl senors- âiTd'^ire^nVnléWrâi th riistfâ:knw" into tho breast of. the female, then into hi's" own breast, after which ? both '.vanished' down the gorge again, and all was darb'as before. Then we knew there1 had'-'been'' ^^^^^^^d^^^^^^^oy^ but' 'nb1' ^ibtft rio 'motrHTnaami. iu all Cuba,'knew, . whence they came - or who tlieyl were.,t . Thus thinga went on till next Annunciata. < ? Then caniu thu Padre Viuez out of) the - . Jesuit college . at Havana, , with' four collegians, to,make a sojourn in these mountains".'j.¡.What knowledge'the lads should gather here-God:abd the learned pad io alono .wot. -1 ; plio.l "with quostions mino bostons >of ? thuv venía where they lodged, but ah o' laughed; 'and bade nie mind the mules,' and she would mind tlie geese, ""Well,1 tho «tráu^/eonoaitri,¡ whatever it;wiis- tliat.-brougli^tlieiii"tip,, here:bore fruit they looke'd..for as~ little as we. " Up among the ueaks pf these mountains, and nùÔ\vlïèrereiàe,*in^aU the Antilles, there dive--See ! senora, that inky spot'rov.érhead-f Joaiis'l '.that; otjj-'. only a'woiiian'in aiiguiNh-atid « devil-bird can cliriuk like that ! ¡> Damned soul« are ' Erisonod in their vulture: Uoilieá " (devil'' ¡rds,1 like'o'wls7r0'nly liyjihroad at night), " lmt only in the. hours of darkness may they, give ''dttbrfjtfcQr'tp their woe. The, devil-birds live aiid 'hieed among the high ora'gB of the'Sieriia' Maestra" We Cubans néverv.9jti^t^th^°,V)<^ue.-iWorld i» evil enough'^.wiUlôjiti.Buttiuji ? damned eouls loose iii it. '"Buta"young-Español among tho padre's pupil» .iiiii- îth.ojj'^j^j^io morning ho brought liâûkf tô"îlio T/<v//«,a dead dovil-liird that lie hod killony'irV the^j night. Mina host' was fur having^''it "( sprinkled'with holy \Wtor KriuMSirlo^'^n*. Ï11 liustu ; but Pudro-Tin«; j IWghodi iSu' hine; which rarely ' liapy£ne.l'''»o suóh " a rave and roverond sintor,"ñiiiL^he»and?the ids took- the.«r.11Ílío'wefl>ñrt-aSo«rsYdo:: i and out it open. Sun U.omingo ! what do : I they lind umoiifr ita.:U||trail«:but a golilon j i ring, Binnll in size^and-zOfi-iSiio workman- -, j ship, and with tho..mime'' pf'- 55ura graven [upon it! Tho niysti)ry':ór the Santa . . Felisa Pass was uimivullednt'la'Ht.., Jealous^, \ I Molos, tho huBband;nï.tlia lovolyAhtilliah i \ matadore, did ribt "take, her ay\;ay,witb, frinird lin the'A'mencan'so.hSbWi\«if^ " N°< ' (he tüok: hé'r^up'. tliq^áiittt. Feliaà»rase,.,r i ind.üudod lovo. aniljjeidóiiayi for,¡hiinsolf l¡ \ tnd' her with iwq',jHtipkoHt of.;the knife ,s Zara's ring is'stored in tho-musoutn of Havüna.r i-Hert bodyyirjd G"gltfa> (reÖelv"3dKJ ' io burial.* They worofdeYO.urext.hy.rdovil».¿ . ii rds, intowhoso' " bódios porohanoo their jj Buln hud already p'oisodi i .But.the:clíisjr,i> ?m 'vTir ^ rÄOV/öa " .r-»'K»(í«'iii of Santiago porformcrl a service on thespot" where tho was_fpund, and cprinklcid :ït-»öQ^the gorge with* "holy water, since which their spectres have troubled the pass no more.'' This story, which Matias g»rnislied with^abimdant exclamations and -gestures" was received with grave aud credulous interest by all the hearers save one. This was a young Georgian about five-nnd-twenty years of age, who gave himself ont as traveller,for a^tobacco house in Baltimôrer' iThis youn£-*^entlem"án " professed: the greatest contempt for the entire category ßpf supernatural appearances. "Serve that flsort of cake to your Cuban niggers, majorai," said he. " It has not suited my stomach since I was a schoolboy." " Cosas de Espanó " (it is a matter of breed) retorted Matias, grinning and shrugging his shoulders. But the young Yankee's fellow-travellers did not all take his con temptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the majoral's philosophic good humour. : To have impressive narrations received with persistent mockery is a trial to the best tempered narrators, implying -, as it-does' not only d dub ts of their candour, but a mean opinion of their intellectual capacity. One passenger in particular felt himself aggrieved by the Georgian's levity of tongue. This was a Muxcian of fifty or, thereabout, solemn, cadaverous, and shorn faced, and looking like a Pampas cattle doalor in a prosperous way of business. His pieroing ebon eyes, deep Bet under low, projecting brows, imparted a hooded-fal con-like expression tb his physiognomy This ul an. h ad related the omen of a cold' hand, which in bis family prefigured death.. by touching the shoulder of the doomed* one, and inßUncedJthe'CARO of h ia young" wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alone with bim on the Pampas, and died a few hours after .iii IPbis Sarnia, without experiencing any pain or symptoms of ill ness. Several times during the narrative the young commercial had chuckled aloud, and he greeted the icdnclusión^with shouts pf laughter. The" Mexican' looked hard at .hiih. " Y^oung ,..geut}oman,'l. ..said,he, thoiigh,vV°aK"Tau8h" '"O'" lightly - af ' the §hostly adventures of others, I make no oubt yon would be the first to quail and tremble if anything similar happened to {ourself." " Waal, stranger^ if-you mean am a coward, you" had'-betteV say"**;"* retorted the Georgian, laughing louder, and. more offensively thati before'.* f "Loco (idiot),"will'; you force nie"1 tb'urpve'j-our folly totypu¥''cried the"blderman, clutoh ing ;tlio1shbulder'of 'the cbmmercial'so hard with his claw-like lingera that he winced. "I deolare to you, that the sight of a ghost, would make yáu¡Urbp' on yoiir'Tcne68 faster' than a xieiriiiger,Kçraçk."!t ,calo'late it might, if it'hauybur muscular claw, darn ye !'?' exclaimed the young Georgian, angrily, iwreajijngibis;arm irom-the other's painful grip.Ào'f Every, doimfoobmay have:, his opinion, but he.mayn't choke it down other folks' throat«, Ireckon." y, T«-,S(, In warm la^iudeiH-wiicn words >'run' so high, au appeal to revolvors is imminent ;. and Hiichian'issus'of tlie'\ discussion ' being, undesirable*'in"ia,5ciywdçd-VdilVgouçe,. the'. , other te'if ' t'rävbllel's1, hijk^rferpdj,'i n..' .vth> intí.'i'rist.í'bfpéact). " The dwpulantï phpwèd themselves ainoiiablb to roason ; oach leaned hack again iivr his.;corner, , aiid the Btilldess,"(pf (thejnpuiitain defile was broken! only j by'the driver's professional oaths, »and Mle jingling .bells of Im eix'blanked mules. "The. journey,- now all :downv-hill; proceeded rapidly, sud shortly bufore mid night the 'first and longest stage on the tour j to Manzanillo endadsata roadside venia, whore supper^ waa waiting, for, the. travqlierïCO 'Ovèi' their' broiled turkey and,' [sliced haine,' fried hr eil,''and frosh'roasted icofied-the perfume of which still filled Ithe bouse-the twelve *' insides " grew, )gay and taikativeJ'Grtídiially 'conversation worked round again to tho subject' of the supernatural, and in the cheerful security of the brightly lighted hin*parlour the* Ïoung commercial laughed .still louder over bi eoiiiuaiir.~;-''o^.^ llJian lie had donn -v.* in .Jbjjrfons atones tV ASurô^éibn pf. jin tho i'',aunUin^uasi.vi^TUo;e^ - " ~t.\\* ^the Mexiciu'e'face grew more* and more ^significant. At last he stood up, and in a tone pf sarcastic menace, said, " Young man, you defy, me to prove what 1 said. Buono, I accept. 1 am _ preparud,..to., summon gfroffî* Jtlîô*5doSir 'âuWpôiuou fyouS name, af^u^can, laugli! lift the face oft 'the aito^rru^PorrienUl^ I wiiraay" no' more. At this unexpected challenge the Yankee seemed to waver, and his chal lenger laughed derisively. " Come, senor, close with him! Close with him !"-un animously urged the other ton travellers, who Were curious to seo the old one's talent] put to the proof, "otlieiwise we shall think you verily aro afraid." " Then I calculate I'll convince yor to the cou jtfairy.i' drawled.the Georgian.' "I'm sot on Ju rn bi " (the spirit worshipped by the " fiegroiia of the Antilles, supposed,to reside ? somewhere arpunil,^,\y".e.paaaed a grove Pf ceibua just now." "Corpodi Christi I am I a¡ nigger or "a Johnny Crow!" cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflame at the insult implied by tho young man's address. ,"|Can you not see the senor is afraid, and nant« to buck out of the business !" Sheered a sallow-faced cigar-roller,,''.D'yeX want to digest'yóur supper with a little" lead, Btrauger t" inquired .:tber.'Yaúkeé^| tapping Iiis breast- pocket suggestively, but bufore the cigar-roller, who seemed .ager to accept this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back in- bia ahair, .nd his voice drowned by eager aud lin- j aistent bries of u The o^allenge-kaepj to the challeng«, gentlemen I" ; " Le», aenor Americano signify1 whom among the de parted he wialiea to see, and I am really." ?aid the cattUvdoaler, who' had recovered 1 his phlegm. " It ia uuderatood that I bet him ail; hundred American dollar« that he iwill drop down with fright > before the apparition I conjuro' üp-^" "Hold ' thora I Biz hundred dollar» is more than I otu afford to risk I" interrupted tba American. " Since the aeuor «o positivity denies the existence of spirits, there oaa< bo no risk for him," insinuated the Meei-, can, an argument that waa unanimously applauded. " I can't wager what I havan t got," persisted tho young commercial, " hut 1 ll but you ahundrud dollará, if that will Nuityou. Tho Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and langhoil contemptuously. "O'Mijurf! uj)ii spirit from tho abssforthe miserable adm of oue hundred dollars I l'Nij, sonór. My wager stands at six huhclv 'roh. If yowaüoopfc^tháV-well; if iiot¡"l'' sl'jall tuko tho liberty of bolicviiigly.ou-lttak'j. needful courage." JJyf this time, tho óüriosity' of the ton'speclatorehàflTeach'o'd suoh a pitch that ,thoy,,were, prepared .tr>, Say almost any pricefor ita 'gratification. ' >ne of them exclaimed, "Senors, let ua oo-nperate to settle this difficulty. AVe are tea in number. Here I lay down fifty dollars : if each of you will do likewise, with sonor Americano's hundred wo shall have mada up the sum." This proposi tiou was eagerly aocoptod, and in less time thau-it^takas to relate, 500 dollars were jjañiléll to th J young commercial, with the ÚijUerstaúdiiig that if he.woíi the bet tho. pi'fttit« should be o'q'ually shared among tho toni, contributora. He did not appear.' overjoyed at the facility afforded him for cstalÇliîiUijig his claim to bu a man of courage; ou tho contrary, he became pale i and uneasy,-and it was not till the mock- I gog whisper* around graw.wioud that ha otiutd no longer pretend t^baáavtothña, that be said, with a forced laugh, which had mighty little bravura in it. u WaaJ i guess it'» a done job, gurner. Go ahead and lose yer money as quick aa yer like." The landlord of the venta ajjreea to place j an empty room at tho disposition of the necromancer, and the Mexican having j selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, and shut the door I upon him. He himself remained outside I in the garden with the rest of the com pany, whose excitement was aroused to the highest pitch by the cabalistic nature of the next proceedings. Placing himself opposite the closed door the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly some formula in au unknown tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-suuk eyer seemed penetrating to the depths of Avernus. "Who shall I call V he asked at length. " Fair Zara, the female ball-fighter 1" was the answer that came back from the dark room. The Mexican resumed his incanta tions. " I calc'late the lady's husband objecta to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'em both, stranger," jeered theyoung commercial, aa the ghost delayed to appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his mutterings. At the end of another ive minutes the Georgian called out, "Look here, Balsamo, give'over swearing, and let me out I can't afford to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts are getting on their ten league boots." "There is time, senor ; there is time !" called back the majorai, who stood agape ;With curiosity, behind his passengers. ; !''What do.you see?" demanded tho deVp ;.' jvoice of the Mexican. "Nothing," wa« ' jthe.'pronipt reply. ; An interval of a few; i tmoments, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There wai a pause, and then in a 'somewhat .unsteady, voice the answer cathe, " loee a white vapour at the end bl the, room-you are letting in steam to frighten me !" " What comes out of the vapour î'.' questioned the .Mexican*: Another pause, longer than before', and' .< then the tremulous interjection, "It ia a figure;-; It approaches, but I do not'care1.1 ' ltjia all a delusion."., What does the delusion do 7" demanded the conjurer, with¿a sheer of menace in his tones. A sort of shuddering gasp waa audible on(the.. other aide of th« door, thon oh a sildden'i:. 'piercing cry. "A woman's kiss ! No ! the lips were fire-the arma, ice. . Let me go, 'fiend : tbere is blood ou her neclc 1 Let me ;'go,l ' 1 am stifling-strangling 1 ? Ah !. "I cau't.bear it L- Aocui;sed sorcerer,! Ii have 'haÜ enough. 'Help ! Help!" A heavy fall waa heard inside the room. Some of the .company^ tore open the door, whilst other« ?fetohed ar light.' The' commercial lay on the,. floor in. : convulsions, the ghost,' of course, had vanished.1 ' They aprinkled cold water on the man's face, slapped his . hands und feet, shook him, and. nibbed him with vinegar, frightened out of their wita at the alarming consequences of the spectral' wager..- At /iaBt he came' to.-; -Drawing a deep breath', he'ópeneíl bia eyes, and cast a terrified glauco, toward the end ,:pf tlíe'róóm, aa if ho expected to seé'.'the. ; 'gïjvsHy 'ga?? pf the murdered maiadoi'eatyx rïyotteu ,upon, him n His relief at1 niidinjr . the apparition gone waft quickly siiccèédoa by an outburst of fury agaiust the .wizard, .who had: called1 it uty.'1jiV'Whére',is.^¿ft i gone 1'! ' he cried.: ' " Where !is the blanked swindler who has been trying to ganimonr me 'with his,ghost 1 ",;lt. ¿jjyas a Iguil, ,.a, ? cheat ! "' Thé' dèàd"dôh't return." He. looked savagely about him, but the Mexi can trader was not there,; he h ad¿ stayed} ? behind- in': the garden! " Whore* ia ' hie skulking 1 Let me come, at hirail'' ehouted' the young commercial,! and before ^anyone - had time to prevent him, he shot out into tho.garden like a camiou- ball. The others followed in a, state of pauic, expecting: V 'catastrophei if the, two. moa met,«n:lt was pitch dark in the garlen,' and they called aloud to the Mexican to bewape, of tlie^ exasper»ted""Yank*ee. , : But ovérytbífe " rremained quletr " Presently 'more* lights ' wore brought, and strict search was made, wrárSropÜ0 1,01,8 of yams aiid'casaava' anil Siáiuufig th^Q^of sugar-cane iu the venta the paton -ubitfesulted in the discovery of garden. It . :*»«[ mongoose, probably nothing but a yoUi.-,n"¿"*ls on mine host's harbouring thievish delft../ p»»-buàïfé's . turkeys... A low hedge ott ¿on** ?» Iftj aepai atod th« garden froinS the ?adjàceuV couutry, which waa.euveldped-ir£thel>l«ok ness of à stormy midnight. Under cover of thia impenetrable gloom the magician and the sceptic, their theatrical animosity laid aside with the completion! of their rôles, had accomplished au'easy evasion, carrying with them the COO dollars of their cajoled fellow passengers. Some of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others affirmed that the entire adventure waa the work of the devil and his agtmts. The debate off. those points., occupied- the whole bf tho next "stage. The majorai was *of course drawn, into the argument, liutlhe* would-not commit himself;^ Godlo'nly] Jcnow.";The Americanos were woiAfo'sa/ there wore dollars in Cuba for men who ? kept their eyes skinned,' and skinned"eyes' might also seo ghosts I For the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to bis opinion." The majorai could afford to be philosophie and impartial. He had lost nothing, and he had acquired a new and exciting tale of the road.. , 