NOTES. .1081. Telapathy. Mr Stead's recent publications on ghosts and other phenomena have aroused very 'considerable interest all tbe world over, and have elicited a very remarkable response from persons who have experi ences to relate. With these narrations I have nothing to do, nor do I venture to express any opinion as to the ultimate benefit which may be derived from such inquiry; I only desire to draw attention to one very remarkable fact, which has beep much emphasised by Mr Stead's investi gation. I allude to telapathy, a Borb of mental telpphony, which 'nearly every one has experienced more or lees, and which is not to be explained by any natural Jaw that we know of at pro Bent. Telapathy, must not be confounded with either clair voyahcy or what is generally explained as due to animal magnetism — that duplication of ideas occurring simultaneously to two or more personB. Telapathy may take dif ferent phases ; it may affect people in many ways, but still it remains inexplicable and mysterious. I have heard of several re markable instances of this strange mental phenomenon during the last few days, and as I know my informants are perfectly reliable and careful men, they may be worth noting. In one case Mr Q was staying with some friends in New Zealand, and at breakfast one morn ing : he: -suddenly announced that he felt auite sure that he would see an old friend \- that he had. not met since he left England years before, and of whom he had nofc heard in any way during that time. ?: His friends laughed at him, but he persisted in repeating that he felt assured that he thould sea his old schoolfellow that morn ing. Breakfast over, he went out and down the street, and just as he was passing an office or shop someone called to him. 'Here, Mr C-r — , you are wanted— there is a gentleman asking for you.' Mr C — — en tered the place and there he found his old friend,' so altered in appearance that he would never have recognised him. He had happened to hear from some mutual ac quaintance that Mr C ? was staying in New Zealand and made up his mind to look Mm-nnl When Mr G-. ? introduced his friend at dinner time, his hosts were not a little surprised to learn that his forewarn ing, or whatever it ought to be called, had' prored correct. It iB certainly puzzling to account for this prescience of coming «vents. -.. ? i '?? ; '? ? ' ?.-??'?''? ? ?' In the next case 'two partners had some business matters which were of a private nature and they took- air opportunity of being alone to discuss them, i 'What was their Burprise to hear afterwards that' one of tbeir neighbours, almost at the very time they were engaged (in discussing the matter, mentioned 'they were doing, so, and moreover^ stated the conclusion they had; -some tol The man could in no way 'explain how he knew this ; he said,' ' he felt sure.1' , If he had known that' the business^ was' to 'have been considered at that : time, -he, might have guessed the. results of the dis cussion, 'but .as neither of the. partners, washed their business; to ? be known they had not mentioned their intention to (a An .almos'fc precisely similar s story, was Tcnp.lifid for to me by a'clergyman of the. Church of England'wlipseprivateconversav tion with his curate was spoken of by & woman in the parish. , In this case there was no chance of their, icon versation being overheard 'and. it remains a ,mystery.; I know the woman myself .and. find, that this is by-no means the,first time she.has, mani- fested .this strange, uncanny, power. '? It, would be /.-interesting . to.:keep:note of.any similar cases that could be as well authen^. ? ticated as the above. :;:,?: '..w. ', / ?? 