SEASONABLE SAXON The Government are seeking to alter the principle of our succession duties, and while they are about it why do they not introduce some proposal for compulsory subdivision of estates upon the death of the owners. This would help to decrease the evil of land monopoly, though it would not abolish it altogether. We want a progressive land tax to accomplish the reformation thoroughly, but compulsory subdivision would also tend in that direction. "Ah!" says the single-taxer, "a land tax pure and simple would do all that is required." If that is so, a pro- gressive land tax would do it better. A petition is being signed praying that Life Assurance Societies might be exempt from the payment of income tax. As these societies are mostly of a provident character, the request seems to be a reasonable one. It is not asked that salaries paid to the officers of the Societies should be exempt, only the profits placed to the credit of policies, and therefore, as the petitioners point out, these funds are almost identical with the funds of Friendly Societies, Building Societies, and Savings Banks, and the Public School Teachers' Super- annuation system. Certainly, until we have a scheme of State provision for old age and death in the shape of pensions and insurance, it is the duty of the Government to encourage every provident institution in the land. As to the merits of the Dixon will case now before the Victorian Supreme Court, Quiz has no word to say, but it does seem a pity that a public institution should force its claims—whatever legality there may be in them—against the interests and welfare of a legatee's family. In this instance the widow and children—one of whom is totally blind—are awarded £9,000 under the disputed will, whilst the Melbourne Uni- versity is to receive somewhere about £30,000. Now, supposing the University wins the suit, it would be a proper and human action for the authorities to at least divide the total amount with the family. A correspondent to the Advertiser—and by- the-way the communication was hidden amongst "answers to correspondents"—has drawn attention to the significant fact that the New South Wales police from Broken Hill were allowed to pass through Adelaide on their way back to Sydney without the slightest notice being taken of them. The Downer Government did not even do as much for them as the Holder Government did, and yet there was no outcry about unfriendly neutrality. There was not even any private individual so bursting with indignation as to invite the police to an eighteenpenny breakfast. Where was Johnson? Anyone would have done, but there was not one to meet the bobbies and pour oil upon the hideous wounds they had received in their battles with the bloodthirsty strikers. The men went home, "uncheered, unhonored, and unfed." The existence of a cemetery in the site of the Happy Valley Waterworks is a more serious fact than the public seem to imagine. Unless the whole of the graveyard and a considerable portion of the adjacent and lower soil is removed an alarming epidemic may result when the water to be stored there passes into domestic consumption. Even if all possibility of contamination is re- moved the existence of the cemetery will not be a pleasant reflection, and if one should become thirsty on a Sunday and not able to procure a disaffecting addition of good Scotch whisky, he will have a moral claim upon the gratuitous services of Dr. Magarey. Quiz is not squeamish, but he fancies he would rather get his water from the Hope Valley than Happy Valley. At all events the members for Noarlunga and Sturt owe it to their constituents to see that the cemetery is satisfactorily removed, even to the immaterial ghosts. 