' 'liCiiiiifiiT \- 3 a.m. . . ? . [second edition! leader.] I THE ELECTORAL BILL. THRO WN OUT BY THE COUNCIL GOVERNMENT BY MINORITY. WILLIE ENDURE IT._ If '''The Legislative Council last niglit, by || 26 to 21,, threw out the Electoral Bill m embodying one man one vote, or in other 1 Woids 2G nominees' of Ministries which I in their death lost the confidence of the | country vetoed what .; 141 representative j men have passed, in accordance with the j u ibh of the people expressed at the last '! general election. Right through the «j country in the last political campaign the | main issue turned, on one man one vote, 'i and the present House was chosen to J put into effect the will of the- nation. I The Parkes Government played with the '* que ition, and. the present Ministry, came 3 into power and were supported' on the sj distinct understanding that they would a abolish plural voting, i.e., disfranchise #? dead bricks and mortar, End unthinking ' paddocks, and brainless fields, and make reasoning manhood the/, oi^e qualification for the right of having j a voice in , , the affairs . of the country. The present Government did i not disappoint their supporters; ' and :ra s One-Maa-One-Votc Bill , went through s its course of ? three readings in the j Assembly, and was duly sent on for 'I endorsement to the- Upper House. : And j that body— the- hom'inees of ';. dead gov i ernments representing the t said brioks | aud mortar, ? principally- their own,' : as | aga.nst the Assembly's representation J of the flesh and blood, and bode and 1 sinew of the coyntry-^liave, by ,a majority ^ol five, vetoed - the will of the country ?J and defied .public/ opinion. ,rThe ructii hers of the 'Council^, exist, it is' said, 4 to check hasty - legislation. ' Rubbish ! tj They exist simply because . property j cieated them.; They live, ; the; enibodi- ?! ment of property votes, anil 'crush out whatever threatens-, noti.j j ;tHo m people's ' interests .but :their - own. '4 Tliey cannot be -representatives of the j country in any. way, since, as nominees of I governments which, in. their death, lost: l| the confidence of the people, they veto the; ?4 measures adopted by an existing I Government necessarily retaining the $ approval of the electors through their I representatives in . .Parliament. ;-. The ?I present system of allowing a nominee a chamber of 70 to reject the bills passed a by an elective chamber of 141 is rotten ^ to the core, and to . us it would. -be 1 laughable were it not so harmful. I Whilst it obtains government by major 's ity is made i, farce.. Aye, it is absolutely -'I impossible; 'The present voice of the. si people Represented ? by tli6; Ministiy! J of the day is, silenced at the will of a mere 'handful ' of men' repre-i 1 sentirig governments of other days. i| The living are, silenced by the dead ! And this is called ' a ?civilised ' and wise cori ?4 stitution. Bah!. It is the most ghastly »Jj satire on advanced government, possible; | for a sane man to conceive. ', Itis.a'cQn-; ??| temptible age that 'tolerates it; ' ! We: ?{ civilised ! . We an enlightened- people ! 1 i We the leaders , in tlio-4' vaii: of, A progress !.! ! Shades of the -sage .of; ! Chelsea; ?' Our forefathers are represen ted j 111 the Council ; we , are not. ;;Lot us look back thirty years and compress the; ; peuod of a generation into the; fleeting 4 moment of a thought. How do ? we elect the Council ? This way :— j Following in the' footsteps of dead ' generations, we tire of a- Parliament, 1 ue lose faith in ? the 1 goyernmetitj; and | tlnough effluxion of.;. time'; 'or froiii other i causes, we get rid of men wfio no longer ahold our confidence. But, lo ! ? the I retiring Ministry leave their eggs ?| behind them. They have spawned in a I place known as the Upper House, and ;| then given up the ghost, A. new order of ^ political life is' created by tho people, and j this runs its course in' the same way, ?\ tho Ministry being evolved from the | paiLy in ascendancy, to, in their turn, I hold office, and then, going oufc, leave a I iuitlier expression of their opinion as an j addition to that of their predecessors in j the select Chamber. Thirty years may I slip by. They have ! Ministries have j come, and Ministries have gone, but | the eggs they laid in the Council j hatched, and now flourish for ever. A j now generation arises, a Parliament of ?i-j modern thought may be returned, and a j Ministry in' touch with the time and ..J people be called;' to take office. But to | v hat purpose ? What can tliey do ?? How j arc tliey to ' give force to the sentiments j which elevated them ? By passing uicar ^ smes in accordance with public opinion? ^ A man in tho possession of a lucid inter ? \al would imagine so, but then tho world lSjiiot built for tho comfort of such men. It 13 wrong side up, and egotism arid . ignorance twin in every corner. The Ministry of the day pass a measure of ? the day ,for the peoplo of tho, day, but ;j this, under our particularly wise constitu ? tion has., to bo endorsed by tho hatched H eggs of the dead, or in other words' j the nominees of the, people of bygone days } dictate to the people of the hour. . 'This is legislation ! This is the glorious charter of New South. Wales ! ! This is the system by whicli wo expect to raise and build a nation ! ! ! Bah, again. It wouid make a blaclcfellow snigger,1 a wild man of the woods grin, if he could, wide as an earthquake. The million return a Houser of representatives,- and both are subject' to the caprice of a hand ful of nominees of the representatives of our grandfathers, or of .tlie representa tives of opinions that have died and gone underground. Truly, we are an en lightened people— a nation of Solomons and of brave men to tolerate a system we know is rotten and mischievous, and a foul exeresence on the fair neck of the goddess allegoric of New South Wales.; 