The Eighty-Ninth Anniversary St. John's, Parramattii. On Sunday morning tho Ven. Arch deacon Gunther, M.A., incumbent of St. John's C. E, Church, Parramatta, dolivered a sermon of historical intorost, tho occasion boing tho eighty-ninth anniversary of the church. Tho Archdeacon took for his text the words 'The place is not for man, but for the Lord God,' I. Chron., 29, 4; and ' O let us worship and fall down and kneol boforo tho Lord our Master,' Ps. 95, 6. Tho preacher dwelt upon the uses of churches, tho worship acceptable to God, and the mission of the Church of England. Speaking of St. John's, he said : — To-day we commemorate ? the opening of old St. John's. Tho church had begun her mission long before 180;!, and services wore held hereby tho chaplain, Richard Johnson, soon after the sottlemont called Roaehill was founded, 3rd Novomber, 1788. We reatf of divino service being regularly held in a carpenter s shop, near the rosi donee of Governor Phillip. In 1791 tho Rev. James Bain, chaplain of N.S. W. Corps, officiated here. In 1794 tho Row Samuel Marsden took chargo of tho district, and in 1796 opom church built out of tho materials of old huts. In 1797 tho foundatio old St. John's was laid by Gove Huntor — our lirst substantial buiL In 1803 tho building was opene tho chaplain, Mr. Marsdea, who as his text tho words ' But will Gr vory deed dwell with mon on tho e Behold, heaven and the hoavc. heavens cannot contain Thee, how i$»uuu° loss this house which I havo built.' Tho event was considered ono of groat importance, and much interest was takou in it. ' It was tho sowing of seed which would bo soon after many daj s -an influential deed to be held iu everlasting romembrance. Mr. Mars don delivered (says the Gazette) an excellent sermon ... in tho courso of which lie mado somo animated allusions to the structuro of Solomon's. t-niplo, and afterwards gradually traced1 tho progross of roligion in succeeding ago?, adverting to tho many solid advantages that must bo necossarily dcrivod to this colony from a propor obiorvanco of the duties of Christianity and religious worship. Tho concourse of porsons that attendod from all parts of tho colony and tho becoming silence that prevailed, added much to tho solemnity of the service.' But few of tho stones remain of tho old build ing. None of the worshippers pro sent at tho opening who saw this house iu hor first glory are with us on earth. The ancient holy, and soquestered pile, the spiritual home of x-ast generations,'lies low in tho dust. But though the beaut/ and grandeur of the latter houBe is greater than that of tho former, who does not thank God, as he thinks of the past work of this mother Church — mother of so many of the Churches of this great southern land ? In the sad and dark days of this fair Australia, in the days of barbarous and cruel punishments, when the heart of man was turned into the heart of a beast, in the days of gross licentiousness and immorality, and when the sacred rites of marriage wore of^en ignored, no uncertain sounds wont forth from St. John's. Her chaplain was a champion and a witness for the truth of God. He was, as Wilberf orce declared, one who deserved the title of a moral hero, boldly rebuk ing vice and patiently suffering for the truth's sake— the John the Baptist ro buking the Herods. He nobly uphold the claims of religion and battled for the honour of God. The Church, as r-wr-v''^rl wiifv JMVirsden. was — .n its j -f tho j ?opa- 1 to forts had ?tiblic ught and ... . -„ in a strango land — Praise to the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Gems from Now Zealand will doubtless shino res plondent in the Redeemer's crown, Tho goodness and the glory of the Lord havo boon seen, in Now Zealand, and great spiritual triumphs and victorios have boen woa by the Church. It was from old St. John's that Marsdou went forth, f nil of courage and devotion, with tho now Evangel. Soven visios ho paid m- the island, and might well exclaim, 'What hath God wrought?' That was tho first link of a grest golden chain, which now links together so many of the islands of the sea. Tho preacher exhorted the congregation to remembor tho associations that contro around tho old Church, but also to remombor that our work was with tho church of to-day. Hor great mission must be realized, aud she must be loyal j to evangelistic truth and apostolic order. ' The churches have killed their Christ,' says Tennyson. May wo exalt the Christ. In our methods, there must be breadth, elasticity and scope for enthusiasm. Our work for it must be done in Christ's body and spirit. Thtn may wo hope to enjoy in tho courts below a pretasto of the blessedness of the courts abovo, in the city of God. The evoning sermon was in the naturo of a lecture on the mission, teaching and system of the Church of England. The text was 'The faith once delivered to the Saints.' The Church existed to load men to live and act like Christ, because i-artakers of a Divine nature. There was. pardon for the sinner, help for the helpless, comfort for the com fortless and sight for the sightless. The marks and credentials of the Ohurch, the preacher regarded as strictly Scriptural and those which obtained in Apostolic and past Apostolic days. Three were spoken of (1) the supreme authority of Holy Scripture, the Church teachings ' that whatsoever is not read theroin nor may be provod thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should bo bolieved or thought requisite or keeping to salvation,' Another mark was the Ministry attached to the Society founded by Christ. For tho past 15 centuries tho Esi-iscopal form of government was tho only ono known. A third mark we huvo in tho sacraments of Christ's appointment. The work of the church in propagat ing the earth was examined, and especially in dealing with the many and puzzling problems of the day. Popular objections wero next dis cussed, especially the uso of forms of prayor and tho standards of creods of the church. The best way to overcome objections and prejudices is to show what our system under God can produco, and to remember what it has dono for the English nation. Aftor some references to old St. John's, tho preacher urged the congregation to fulfil the practical duties of religion wherever thoy wore. Tke ancumbout has placed a photo graph «rf tho old church in tho vestry, and likenesses of the former incum bents, iu memory of tho day. 