THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEItt HEADS. "I would give a million dollars fot a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,(JOO) is a deal of money, but be was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar R'iw, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bat he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago I bad never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst liviDg at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up' aud my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt &t; the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out ot my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed fire or Bix weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the <loctors recommended me to try a change of air. bo I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me a recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary. Derby. I found, how ever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Y°u are in a gvllopitiy consumption, and must. dir. the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, hut Jiouk their heads. "Getting a trifie "better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in bis gardens and grounds; and gome days I worked a little, and then would be away lor a few days. Things went on like this until December. 1888 when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teaGUpful at once, and wui afraid to go to s'ctp for fear the phlegm w vld choke me, At this time the whites of my eyr-a turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot- My lips and mouth were dry and patched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. '. I managed to get up for a few houis at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weury. and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at. my hands-nothing but skin and bone, an ' was so nervous 1 couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you no gwd; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over talcing his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said,' W ell, you won't cough much lonuer, you luve merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Taiham, who woiks in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tont, did you ever try Mather Seigtl's Syrup T and told me bow he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I Bent my wife to Derby and got a bottie at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, aud vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt ri-sled when I awoke. After taking tfcw medicim-. for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improve ment, and I told him, aa I tell every one, that iU ther Suigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course, my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup f r six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving bis consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests ns to refer all doubter« to bim or to Mr Kectley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facta alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent, reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? A> t gillopi/y c n wnption, ertainty (as one of 'he d" to s th -vyht), or he Would hive qal opid'nt his grave in test thin three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so oft., n ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treateri. When the right remedy, M ther Seigel's Syrup, was used tbe disease yielded, <>8 all diseases of the, dlje&liu; . tract o yield to that magnificent prepaiation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, aud comm>nd the facts of bis case to all thinking people. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS stands alone without a rival elixir iu tUv cfti-ttlv&Wti; of tpnics, 