CHAFTEK XX.-MI;. TWISH LISTENS. Mrs. Twiss was a very devoted wife and loved Mr. Twiss in a surprising manner con sidering liis personal attractions. Yet even Mrs. Twiss felt her mean- looking little spouse to be in the way on the afternoon of Lady Ennismore's proposed visit. She tried to in duce him, therefore, to go to some place of amusement, and playfully put a half-sovereign ib to his eager hand (for Tommy dearly loved iLonev)) and urged him to go out and enjoy himself. Tommy took the half-sovereign, bub did nob seem in a hurry to leave the Lady's Wardrobe. He began to suspect indeed that Mrs. Twiss wanted him for some reason of her own to leave the house, and this made him very suspicious. At last he did go, but only roimd the corner of the next street, where he could keep his eye on the Lady's Wardrobe, and after waiting a short time he was rewarded by seeing a hansom drive up to the door, from which Lady Ennis more descended. This circumstance alone; the fact that'Lady Ennismore had arrived in a hansom increased Tommy's suspicions. Lady Ennismore always went there in her own carriage, so why should she go in a hansom now. Tommy reflected, and he felt convinced there was a mystery about it. He therefore approached his own door a little nearer, but waited quite half an hour before anyone else entered the Lady's Wardrobe. Then a tall shabby man, who had once been good-looking but was good-looking no longer, a man worn and weather-beaten, came slough ing along the street, looking at each doorway as he passed, and when he perceived the old finery hanging behind Mrs. Twiss's windows , he stopped short and glanced at the name above the shop. This seemed to satisfy him, for he at once went up the raised steps from the street and entered at the door and thus disappeared from Tommy's view. " An intrigue, I suppose," thought Tommy; "Martha should not encourage such things" (Martha was Sirs. Twiss's Christian name) "and yet perhaps they pay, bub she should have consulted me-bub women are full of tricks." In the meanwhile let us follow the tall, weather-beaten, world-beaten stranger into Mrs. Twiss's presence. This worthy woman was standing behind her counter watching for him, and she gave a slight start and bit her under lip as.he crossed her threshold. He glanced round quickly as he did so and then addressed Mrs. Twiss. " I came here to meet a lady ?' he said en quiringly, looking at the comely stout visage before him. But the nexb moment his expres sion changed. "Why, Lorimer, old girl, is it actually you '! This is a surprise, and yet I might have known Catherine would come to you aboub anything concerning me if you were still in the land of the living. Well, how are you? But I need not ask; why, woman, you are six times the size you were." "I] do not quite understand what you are talking about, sir," answered Mrs*. Twiss in a reserved and somewhat faltering tone. The stranger upon this winked one of his bloodshot eyes. "Oh yes, you do now," he said; '' you undre stand very well who I am, and all about it. I am George Roche, whom you knew long ago, and who was supposed to end his mortal career in the deep seas. And you know I have written to Katherme Maiden) your old mistress, now called Lady Ennismore, to tell her I have oast up again, and I've no doubt she is waiting for me here." _ Mrs. Twiss hesitated for a moment and then she said coldly enough "Perhaps you will walk upstairs into the drawing-room, sir, and I'll see if any lady is here." The stranger gave a harsh laugh. "You women are fine actresses," he said. "Well,, lead the way, Lorimer, and I'll fol low." Mrs. Twiss accordingly led the way up the staircase to the drawing-room, and having re quested the visitor to take a seat she descended again and went behind one of the rows of old gowns hanging- on a cord across the shop, behind which Lady Ennismore was standing with a face so ghastly, so horror-stricken, that the poor woman gave a kind of a cry and ran forward and took one of Lady Ennismore's cold hands in her own. "Oh! my poor lady," 3he whispered, "I fear it's but too true." "It is true," answered Lady Ennisnaore in a hoarse changed voice; " it is Georgv Koclio. Lorimer, what shall we doV" ^ " He seems in a poor way; no doubt we cm bribe him," said Lorimer, still in a whinner, " there is nothing else for it, my lady." "Bub to see him. to apeak tohicu again luuttsred if.»3y Ennisrao?* a gesfcur* utter aversion. tc It uj too dreadful, to dread ful !" "Did you bring-any money, my lady?" asked Lorimer. "Yes, I have two hundred pounds in notc-s.' "I would just give- thorn to him and get riJ of him, and agree to give him a email yearly sum," advised Lorimer, "and I daresay h& will be satisfied." Lady linnisuiorc- gave a low moan as if of anguish, "I shall never have another hanrsv hour, she ? aid. Lvy to make the best of it, my ladv i Kb daren t saj* much you know, because- of thati affair about tne young officer's money long ago." "Yes, he is a felon," answered Ladv Knais more bitterly. , "But come, do not let tu waste time-come with me, Lorimer." She grasped her old servant's hand as if for support and together the two white-faced, trembling women went slowly up the stairs and into the presence of the man who was waiting for them. His haggard face flushed a little as they entered, but still with an air of bravado he held out his hand to Lady Ennia more. "Well, Katherine," he said, "after Ion* years we meet again." Bub Lady Ennismore shrank from uia touch, fixing her eyes with a sort of shrinking horror n his face. "You know me again, I suppose?" enquired the man, with a short, harsh laugh. "I am c-nly the ghost of my former self it's true, but still there's enough of ine left to recognise, isn't there ?" " Yes," said Lady Ennismore, forcing herself to speak, " you are George Roche." " Your most humble servant to command ! Well, Katherine, you seem to have gone up in the world at the same rate I have gone down in it-but still the past is the past." "I believed you dead," said Lady Ennis more, in a trembling and broken voice; "to me you are dead, but still for the sake of old times I am ready to help you." "I am much obliged to you," scoffed Roche; "for the sake of holding my tongue, I suppose, about a certain little ceremony, a per fectly legal one. too, mind ye, which took lace long ago and of which my friend Lorimer ere was witness." " You had best not speak of it, sir," said Lorimer quickly; "my lady is willing and able to help you, bub you'd best let the pa3b alone or other ugly stories might come up, which woidd be rather awkward." Roche gave a sort of mocking bow. " Thank you for reminding me, Lorimer. of my stupid little mistake, but no harm can come to il e from that now ; the man Colonel Daubeny is dead, and I don't suppose even if lie had been alive he would have been vindic tive enough to rake up old scores." "Still, sir, you must see it's best to let the past alone; my lady was only a child in those days, and I think with shame now that I acted as I did. Lady Ennismore will, I am sure, allow yon a small sum a year on the condition that the past has never again to be mentioned between you," answered Lorimer, who was a woman of business and knew how to make a bargain. Roche gave a harsh laugh in reply. "A small sum a year!" he said con temptuously ; " that won't content me, my good Lorimer. I want a big sum a year for giving up so much." "You had better name your price," said Lady Ennismore, with ereat bitterness. "One wants a long price for thelo33 of a wife and half of a big fortune, Katherine. However, I'll be moderate. Will you give me a Jump sum down of five hundred pounds and agree to allow me two thousand yearly ?" "I cannot," answered Katherine Ennismore, with quivering lips. "I could not allow you such a sum without Lord Ennismore'3 know ledge, and he " "Well, what would he do?" "He would make no bargain with you at all. He is incapable of acting as I am doing now of buying your silence." "That's all very fine," grumbled Roohe, "but perhaps, though he is such a grand gentleman, he would not like to lose either you or your fortune without a struggle; and you've children, too, haven't you, Katherine ?" "Yes I" and then Lady Ennismore suddenly broke down and fell sobbing on a couch that was standing near; "for their sakes I should die before this should be known. I-I would kill myself!" " You ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir,' said Mrs. Twiss indignantly, " to act as you're doing. You induced a child long ago to com mit a great folly and then forsook Tier at her time of need. And now, after all these years, you've come back to try to take advantage of your disgraceful conduct. Don't cry, my dear lady; give him the ready money that you've brought and let him talk reason about the yearly allowance. Two hundred is too much; but perliaps you would give that?" " I will give you five hundred a year," said Lady Ennismore in a voice broken with sobs, "on the condition that you keep absolute silence about the past, and that you keep your present name of Johnson and drop that of Roche for ever. And I have brought two hundred with me in notes, and will give you these on the same conditions." "It's too little, Katherine," said Roche, who elt rather ashamed of himself under the re proaches of Mrs. Twiss and the sight of Katherine's tears. "I didn't mean to forsake you long ago, as you know very well, but that cursed business at the barracks forced me to fly, and there was no help for it." "Let it all be forgotten," said Lady Ennis more, still in that tear-choked voice. "As I said before, you are dead to me, and- for the sake of my dear husband and children only I am acting as I am doing to-day. I will give you the sum I named " " Make it a thousand a year and I'll take it and hold my tongue. And as for the name of Roche, curse it; it never brought me any luck until now, and I'm ready enough to drop it for good. So let us strike- a bargain-give me the two hundred now and pay a quarterly inoome of a thousand a year into some bank we can fix on to the name of George Johnson and I'll promise not to interfere either with you or Lord Ennismore-but I won't take less!" "Very well. You shall have it. Lorimer will arrange about the bank with you and I will give her the money to pay in to your ac count. Give him this, Lorimer," and Lady Ennismore drew out a roll of notes from her carriage-bag; " and-and now will you go ?" " Bub I must have it in black and white ?" " Do you doubt my word ?" said Lady Ennis more, raising her head indignantly. "I agree to pay it to you." "But come, my lady, that's nob business," said Roche roughly enough, for Lady Ennis more's haughty manner irritated him; " sup pose you were to kick the bucket before I do, what then ? I must have a written agreement signed by your hand, and a stamped agreement too, that on account of keeping some family secrets I have to have an allowance of a thou sand a year for life, to be paid by yon, or your executors or heirs. I will draw the agreement up. Will you sign it ?" "Yes," said Lady Ennismore, and a shudder of shrinking aversion passed through her frame and she turned away her head as if the sight of this fallen and degraded man were hateful to her. "We've settled it then; thanks, old girl, for handing the money" (this was addressed to Mrs. Twiss, who had placed the roll of notes in his hand). " Well, Katherine, we made a bad business of it long ago, so I hope our second bargain may do better. By-tne-bye, what about the child? Did your mother strangle it, as I suggested in my letter ?" "It is dead," said Lady Ennismore in a low forced tone and again she shuddered. "We had better part now," she added and she rose. "Good-bye, then," and Roche held out hia hand, but Lady Ennismore drew back. "What, not shake hands? Come, I call that cool; well, never mind, I can do without it. I will call on Lorimer here to-morrow and bring the agreement ready to be signed, and she can transact the business between us, a3 we know how trusty she was long ago, eh, Katherine? Good-bye, old girl/' he added, holding out his hand to Mrs. Twiss, who took it from motives of prudence, and then in hi3 slouching way Roche moved to the roomdoor and opened it ju3t a moment after Mr. Twiss, who had been listening outside 'with.his ear to the keyhold, had time to escape. Mr. Twis3 had indeed conceived it his; duty to see what was going on under his roof, and had followed Roche into the lady's wardrobe and stolen upstairs to the drawing-room, door while the interview between Lady Ennismore and Roche was going on, and from what ha overheard he considered he had come into what he called a "good thing." He fled as Roche opened the drawing-room door to the upper regions of the house, and lis tened while Koche descended the stairoase.and the next minute loud and hysterical sob3 fell on his ears. , , "He, he," chuckled Mr. Twiss, "mylady doesn't like parting with her money seem ingly." , . In the meanwhile the unhappy woman in the drawing-room had broken down in an utter paroxysm of shame, almost of despair. " I must have beenmad-mad, Lorimer! she cried. 45 A. wretch. Jiko tlizifc-& low. sordid, wretch-and now my dear ones at home! Oh, my God, if he should injure them!" "Hush, hush, my lady," said Lorimer, he'll hold his tongue for the money, no fear of him; that sort would sell their souls if they'd got them to dispose of." (To be continued. J 