TOWN NEWS. Another hotel burglary is reported from Carlton. The licensee, of the Ancient Briton Hotel, Rathdown street, Carlton, Mr John Allen was awakened morninv bv a noise in his bedroom. He opened his eyes, and saw three men standing m the bedroom. One of them had a lighted match in his band, and pointed something which looked like a revolver at Mr Allan. The latter was then struck on the head by one of the men with some blunt instrument, which caused a wound two inches in length over the left eye. Mr Allan was dazed by the blow and the three ruffians ran out of the bedroom, down stairs, ont of the back gate, and along Reeve street. Property valued at L6 was stolen. A meeting of the Cigar Makers Mutual Association, Victoria, was heldon Wednes day at the Trades Hall. Mr J. Richards, president, occupied the chair. The object of the meeting waB to consider what steps might be taken to save the cigar trade from perils which threaten it. The opposition offered to the Budget pro posals was severely criticised, and the meeting was unanimous in opinion that unless further protection was given to the industry it meant that some 500 men would be forced into vocations which are already overcrowded. A reso lution urging upon Parliament the neces sity of increasing the duty on imported cigars was unanimously adopted. The President of the Legislative Council has notified that he will to-day issue a writ for the election of a member tor the Melbourne Province. A vacancy occurred through the resignation of Sir Benjamin Benjamin, who subsequently hied his sche dule. Mr Robert Reid is definitely in the field and his triends are endeavoring to secure him a walk over. Mr D. Blanshard, how ever, is still mentioned as a candidate. Dr Yonl, the City Coroner, held an inquest on Wednesday, jon the body of Antonio Maryi- ticn, an Austrian cab driver, who committed suicide by shooting himself on Sunday last. John Paveiitch, with whom the deceased lodged, deposed that bis late lodger suffered terribly from asthma and bronchitis. Wit ness was sitting with deceased on the latter's bed about midnight. The medical evidence showed the cause of death to be acute pneumonia, accelerated by a self indicted wound in the head, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. The follow ing is a translation of a letter found in the pocket of Maryivtich addressed to his landlord : — 41 Good-bye. I can not stand this sickness any more, so I have killed myself ; forgive me, dear John. The amount of my burial expenses you will find in the bank in Sydney," At the Criminal Court on Friday, before Mr Justice Williams, and a jury of twelve, Amy Cramer, of Fitzroy, was placed in the dock on the charge of procuring girls tor immoral purposes. Accused was undefended. A women of respectable appearance named Isabella W illiamson was charged at the Port Melbourne Court on Thursday, with attempt ing to commit suicide. Constable Kinneburgh was just in time to preventthe woman jumping in to the Bay. When lodged in the lockup Mrs Williamson became so violent that it took three men to prevent her doing herself serious injury. Accused informed the Bench that she had been driven to distraction by the ill-treatment of her hosband. She had been married to him 26 years, and borne him 20 children, 12 of whom were living. He abused her, and spent his money away from home, and she could not live with him. Defendant was discharged. Flemington, like Elsternwick, has its gfiosl. Whether it is the "stilted" shade of a defunct jockey returned' to this mundane sphere of "dead birds" and "stiff 'uns," or the spectred form of a broken-hearted punter on a watchful errand to the stables, cer tain it is that residents of the great Australian racing theatre are more or less alarmed at its nightly antics. The ghost is clothed in the ortnodox spectral white. Many young people lately have received a scare when coming through the less populated portion of the district to observe a shrouded form of elongated height advance towards them. As usual in these cases, the victims of the practical joke (?) are women and children, but although the apparition has been seen by several, it has been careful enough to avoid conflict with several irate citizens, who these last few nights have eagerly sought an interview with the troubled spirit, with a view to once more " laying it out." On Tuesday Detective Lom&x;, in com pany with Constable White, of the Postal department, arrested a respectable looking young man named Thomas M'Intyre, a letter-carrier, of Collingwood, on a charge of stealing a letter containing postal notes, to the value of L4 5s, addressed to Mr J. F, Treadway, draper, of Smith street. The accused was brought before the Collingwood Bench, and upon the application of Detective Lomax, was remanded until the 21st inst. Bail in two sureties of L25 each and accused in himself of L50. The appointment of a committee to in quire into the working of the locomotive branch in the Railway department has been the topic of general conversation among officers. The committee is not to be one which is to inquire into specific charges but is to be of a fishing nature to do its best to find fault. On Saturday last, between 8 o'clock in the morning and half- past 2 o'clock in the afternoon, a robbery was committed at the residence of Mr J. E. Ellis, butcher Burke road, Camberwell. A man employed in the butcher's shop, named William flusher sleeps in a room over the stables. The bed room door was not looked, and the thief climbed up a ladder and got into the. room He then prised open Husher's box with a chisel, and stole from it the following pro perty : — A silver hunting watch, a gold- chain, gold locket, a gold ring, snake pattern, with diamond eyes, a pair ,of gold-plated sleeve links and a quantity of wearing apparel, the whole being valued L23 5s. 