ALONE ON A WIDE, WIDE SEA. Br W. CLABK RVBSBLL, AutUorof "ASea Queen," "The Golden Hope," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," "The Death Ship," "My Danish Sweetheart," <fcc,, ta. CHAPTER IX. THE C£tr OF A CHILD* It was cold, bat the sweep of the dry night wind was refreshing and inspiriting to me who had been confinedto my cabin all day. A bull's eye lamp burnt under the overhanging ledge of tbe poop deck. Beneath it was a clock, and the small hand was close upon 1. The gleams of the lamp touched no living figure, and BO lonely looked the vessel that I could have easily sup posed myself the onIy human being on board of her. The great ship was leaning over under a vast cloud of canvas, and a sound of stealthy hissing such as the stem of a vessel makes when the fabric is Bwiftly rending a cjuiet surface of ocean, rose in to the wind on either hand. There was a ladder close (beside me conduct ing on to the poop or upper deck. I mounted it and stood at tbe head of the steps looking around me. I could see but two figures. One of them was on the other side of the deck. He was motionless with his arm round a rope, and his shape stood out againBt the sparkling stars as sharply as though be were a statue in ebony. The other figure was at the aftermast end, at the wheel. There was a deep shadow of rig ging and of sail where I had come to a pause. The dusky hue of the cloak I wore blended with the obscurity, and I was not observed by the figure opposite. I looked over the . side, and saw the water sweeping past white as milk, with ai frequent glitter of beautiful green lights in it. I looked away into the far distance, where the confines of the black plain of the ooean were lost in tbe darkness of the night, and fixed my eyes upon the stars, which were shining sparely in those dim and distant reaches, and said to myself, " Where is my home? Which of all those countless stars is shining down upon my home now! But have I a home? How can I tell, for I do not know who I am." Then T looked up at the swollen pallid breasts of sails climbing one on top of another into faint; almost visionary spaces, where the loftiest were;, and whilst I looked I heard two silver ohimes ring out of the darkness forward. What can those bells mean ? I wondered. How marvellous was the hush upon this great speeding, shadow of ship, this dim bulk of symmetrical.clouds waving itB star-reaching heights in solemn measure as though to the accompaniment of some deep spiritual ocean music heard by it, but soundless to my ears! Where was the multitude of people who swarmed upon the deck when . I had come on board: in the morn ing ? I knew they were resting below, and the thought of that great crowd slumbering in the heart of the sweeping cloudlike shadow at which I gazed awed me; but' the emotion changed into one of fear and of loneliness suddenly, and to rally myself I turned and walked towards the after end of the vessel. There was a moon in the west, and the light in the sky that way was the silvery azure which 1 had witnessed through my cabin porthole. I walked to the extreme end of the ship, where the helm was, and stood by the side of the wheel. When I was on board the French vessel I had always found somethincfascinat ing in the machinery of tbe helm. I used to gaze with childish wonder at the compass card, Bteadily in its brass bowl pointing out the little vessel's course, and I would watch with sur-1 prise the inBtant response of the small fabric to the movement of the wheel. But now as I stood here beBide this wheel I surveyed a stretch of deck that seemed measure less, as the white planks, glimmering like sand away from my feet, went stretchingand fading , into the obscurity far forward. Behind me, i from under the high, dark stern of the ship, rushed the wake, like a line, of pale smoke i blowing over the sea. The stars danced in the squares of the rigging; they tipped as with diamond points the sideB of the sails, and they blazed at the summits of the three dim spires of tbe ship's masts. And the moon in the west poised in an atmosphere of delicate greenish silver, trembled a waving fan-shaped stream of i light upon the summer-like pouring of the , ocean under her. 1 I Ail at once the helmsman on the right hand ' side of tbe wheel, of whose presence I had | | hardly been sensible, uttered a strange, low ' sort of bellowing cry, and fled along the deck | i to where the figure of the other man was. In-1 voluntarily I put my hand upon the wheel, as though instinctively feeling that it must be | .held steady, and tbat it must be held in any | case or the ship would be without control. The I two men cadig slowly along. The motions of 1 each were full of wariness, and suggestive I in the highest degree of alarm and astonish I ment. 1 "Dummed if it ain't asteering the ship!" | said one of them in a hoarse voice. | " You scoundrel, it's a woman 1" cried th6 other. '. How dare you quit your post! You'll have the ship in the wind in a minute," | and they both arrived together at the wheel, running, one being pushed by the other. The man who pushed the other was dressed | in a monkey jacket with brass buttonB and a ! naval cap. He . was clearly one of the ship's I officers, but it was not surprising that I should I be meeting him now for the first time. He | thrust his face into my hood, and then backed a step and exclaimed, " Who are you?" then immediately added, " Oh, of course. You're the-person* that was taken out of the French brig. Oome away from the wheel, will yon, ma'am ? Here's an Irishman that believeB you a ghost." . . The other muttered in his throat. I walked some paces away, and the officer accompanied me. " How is it that you're not in your bad' said he. "I have beeu sleeping all day,''I answered, "and bave come out to breathe the air." .. We do not allow females to wander about the ship at night," said he. "However you cannot be supposed to know the rules." I saw him by the moonlight eye me strenuously and earnestly. "Thats a big bandage you have on, ma'am. I hope you are notmuoh hurt t" "I was found lying injured and unconscious in a boat by the Frenchmen." "And they tell me you have no memory." *> I can remember nothing," I answered. " What is that?1 oried he, he pointing. " It is the moon," said I. '' What is that but memory 1" he exclaimed. "I remember nothing of my:past," said I "Down to the hour in which I awoke to oou-1 BciousnesB on board the French brig everything isblack., But to whom am i epafclcing!'' . " You'are 'fcpeaking to the chief mate of the Deal Gaatle, and his name is Andrew Harris." " What isa chief mate ?" I asked. * " He ib the person that is next in command to the captain." Thfen you ore of consequence ?" said I. Heemiled broadly. " 1 here are people who will run when I sing oat." "Nobody appears to be awake on board this ship, saving us who are here," said I. " Hare you oomeoa deck to find that out ?" he exclaimed; then directing his faoe at the fore castle be uttered a ory, and out of the shadow forward there instantly oame a response. He cried again, and a rumbling "Ay, ay, sir!" came out of the shadow. So you Bee," said he, " there are four not three of ub awake ; and if I were to sing out again, in about five seoonds the deck would to (oil of sailors running about. ... So you've lost your memory. . . D'ye know what part of Eng land you hail from ?" "I oannot even tell that I am English." "What do they want to make out? That you're from Greenland ? I'm trying to catch four accent. ? I have an A1 ear for accents. hoped at first you might be Laaoasliire, where I hail from. Then I fanoied I could bear Derbyshire in you. But I reckon it'll end in Middlesex,"he added, thoughtfully. "That's to say if London's in Middlesex, which no man who goes to sea can be sure of, for every time he returns he wants a new chart), suoh is the growth of the little village. Does my talk give you any ideas?" I shook my head. "Doesn't the word London give you an idea?" I thought and thought, and said, "It is a familiar word, but it suggests nothing." "Curse the sea!" he exclaimed with an irritable twist of his head as he looked round the horizon, "how ill it treats those who trust themselves to it! It robs you of your memory, and it keeps me a poor man. Curse it, I say! I should like to know the name of the chap that was the first to go afloat. Pd burn him in effigy. But it's some oomforfc to guess where hiB soul is. It wasn't Noah. Is'oah bad to save his life, and I allow he hated the sea as muoh as I do. All animals-pooh! but I'd rather be shipmates with beasts than emigrants. And so you've lost your memory! . And now what's to bring it back to yon, I wonder?" He broke off to exclaim sharply to the helms man ; then repeated, " What's to bring it back to ye, I wonder!" He took a turn aB though the remedy were in his mind, and merely demanded a little thought. I watched him with deep anxiety. How could I tell him but that even from him, that even from this man whom I had, never before seen, with whom I was now diBcoursmR in the heart of the ocean night, amid the silence of a faintly moon-lit deck, with the sound of frothing waters rising round about ub, , and the pale shadows of the leaning canvas soaring high above us, how- could I: tell' bat that even from, this stranger might come the spark, the little leaping flame of suggestion to Jight up enough of my past to-enable ine presently to-' seeall? So I watched Mm' with deep anxiety, whilst be took two or three turns. ~ : Presently he halted, ? facing me. He. was a short man, scarcely as tall as I, square' built, and very firmly set' on his legs. Hib hair appeared to be the colour of (ringer. His ohin was shaved, and he wore a bush of beard on his throat. As much of his faoe as the moon light silvered disclosed a dry, aroh, sailorly ex pression. " " It requires thinking over," said he. " My motto in physic is 'like cures like.'. What sent your memory adrift? You'll find it was a shock. If the dootor would put you through a course of shocks you'd oome out right. I in a poor man, but I'd wager every farthing that I shall reoeive for the voyage that, if yon were to fall overboard from tne height of the ship's side, when you were fished up you'd have your memory. Some sort of a shock did the mis chief, and any sort of a shock's going to undo it. That's my belief. When Mr. McEwan visits you again you tell him wbat I say. | Why, now, listen to this. An uncle of mine ' was so crippled with rheumatism and gout that he had to be carried like a dead drunk man on | a litter to the railway station. He was to consult some professional nob in London. With much backing and filling he was got into the railway «arriage; and there he lay like a log, capable of moving nothing but bis eyes, Half an hour after the train had started it ran into about forty wagons full of cattle. The buBt-up was as usual; engine off the lines, driver in halves, the remains of the fireman in the ditch, several carriages matchwood, a dozen dead people under them, two and twenty persons wounded, and the country round about full of bleeding bulls. And who do you think was the first man to get out and run? My uncle. The collision cured him. He was a well man from the instant the looomotive burst into the wagons, and he has never known an ache since. Ifc't a shock that's goin^ to do your buBinees, ma'am, take my word for it" I understood him perfectly. Many of his allusions I did not in the least comprehend, yet I listened greedily, and for some moments after he had ceased, I continued to hearken, hoping for some word, some hint, some sugges tion that would help me to the briefest inward glimpse. Three silver chimes floated out of the deep shadow of the ship forward. " What are those bells ?" I asked. "Half-past 1," he exclaimed, "and, with all respeot, about time, I think, for you to be abed. The captain may ccme on deck at any moment, and if he finds you here he'll be vexed that I have not before requested you to go below." I bade him good-night, but he accompanied me as far as the bead of the 3teps which con ducted to the quarter-deck. " A shock will do it," said he. "I'm the son of doctor, and my advioe is- shocks. The job is to administer a shock without doing the patient more harm than good. I'll think it over. ItH be something to kill the time with. D'ye know the road to the cabin ? 'Well, gooi night, mam." I silently opened the door of the saloon, re gained my berth, and after musing upon my conversation with the officer on decU, I closed my eves and fell asleep. *1 Good-morning, Miss C,," exclaipied Mrs. Richards, entering the cabin with a breakfast tray. "I am glad to find you up and dressed. It is a quarter to 9 o'clock and a truly beautiful morning. ; There is a nice breeze oh 'the quarter, and the ship is going along as steadily as a carriage. "Have yon slept well?" "I have slept a little." "Well, to-day you must appear on deck. You will really show yourself to-day. All the passengers are longing to see you, and do nob forget that by mingling amongst them, and talking and hearing them talk, ideas may come, and your memory with them. Here have you been a prisoner now since yesterday morning." " No, I was on deck last night." " What, in the dark!" " At 1 o'clock this morning." "The captain would not like to hear that," said she, arching her eyebrows, "but you will, not doit again, dear. I mean you will not go alone on deck when everybody is asleep except tbe sailors "on watch. What officer was on watch last night?" _ " The first officer, Mr. Harris," said I. " Did lie talk with you?" : . " Yca- Jie told nioj&at; ashock mi^ht give me back my nemory." " What did the man mean ?" " Ho eaid he believed it -1 were to tall over board from the height of the shin that when I was taken out of the water the shock would bs fonnd to have restored my memory." She burst into a loud laugh.'; " He is A truly comical gentleman," she exclaimed,»" though he never intends to be funny, for he is always in earnest. It is said of "him th&t; ever since be was second officer, now getting on for five years, he has offered marriage-in every voyage he made to one of the ladypassengers. Our head steward has been 'shipmate with him three voyages, and on every occasion he ha; offered marriage. He is always rejected. A shobk indeed!" she exclaimed; growing suddenly very grave, "what an idea to pub into your head! You.might go and throw yourself overboard in the belief that the act would cure you of the loss of memory. I will tell the doctor to give Mr. Harris a hint not to talk too much. ' Now make a good breakfast, dear, and by- and-by I will call and take you to see Mrs. and Miss Lee." 1 eat at my soli taw repast, which was bountiful indeed, and reflected upon what Mis. Richards bad said. No! it would not help me to confine myself to my oabin. By mingling, by conversing, by hearing others discourse, by gazing at them, observing their dress, their manners, their faces, some gleam might come to touch the dark folds of memory. In the steerage they were breakfasting somewhat noisily. There Teas a great olatter of crookery, and a sound of the voioes of men and women raised as though in" good spirits, and the tones of children eagerly asking to be helped. The light upon the sea was of a dazzling blue; through the poi tholes I could see the small blue billows curling into froth as they ran with the ship, and the snip. herself was going along as smoothly as a sleigh, saving a soarcely per ceptible long-drawn rising and falling, regular as the respiration of a sleeping breast. . I was looking through the porthole when the 'door was thumped ana opened, and the ship's doctor stepped in. " Well, said he in his strong North British accent, knitting his brows and staring into my face with his sharp eyes, " what ate ye able to recollect this morning?" " My memory is good foreverything that has happened since I first opened, my eyes on board the French vessel," I answered. "Humph!" Hei'felt my pulse, examined my brow, dressed the injury afresh, and said that I should be able to do without a bandage in a day Or two. "lhe captain tells me," said he, plunging his hands into his trousers pookets andleaning against the tipper bedstead, " that he means to keep you on board, trusting that your memory will return meanwhile, when he'll, be able Co put you in the way of reaching your friends. He cannot do better." "But my memory may continue dark even to the end of the voyage, I exclaimed.' . "True; but yonre better here meanwhile. Y-ou 'might be consigned to the keeping of a captain who, on his arrival in England, would sep you on shore .without considering what is to become of you. How then, Mias C.?-for that is to' be your name I hear. But if Captain Ladmore carries you round the world there'll bo ten months of time before ye, and it will be strange if you aren't able'to recollect in ten months. And now tell me-have ye never a seusation as of memory? What's the feeling in you 'wheta you try to look back ?" "As though it were a pitch dark night, and 1 was groping with my hands over a stone wall." ' "Good! Try now to think if ye. have any other sensations." "Yes, there is one; but how am I to express it?" "Try." "When," I exclaimed after a pause, "I endeavour to pierce the past I seem to be sensible of the presence of waves of darkness, thick folds of inky gloom Bwaying and revolv ingin blaok confusion and dripping wet." He kept hiB eyes fastened upon me, lost in reflection. My words seem to have struck him. Then telling me it was a fine mornine, and that I must come on deck and get all the air and sunshine possible, he went away. I took up a book, but I could not fix my attention. - Z was able to read-that is to say the printed characters were familiar to me and the words intelligible, but 1 could not keep my mind fastened on the page. Growing weary of aimlessly sitting or wandering about in my berth I opened the door and peeped out. As I did so I heard the fat chuckling laugh of a baby tickled or amused. A young woman sat at the table that was nearest to my cabin, and in front of her on the table she held a baby who shook and crowed with laughter as she made faces at it. There was nobody else to be seen. At the forward end all about the steps was a haze of sunshine floating through the open hatch there from the front window of the saloon, otherwise the atmosphere was some what gloomy. I stepped out of my berth and approached the young woman in order to look at the ohild. She turned her head, and seeing me grew grave and stared, whilst the baby instantly ceased to laugh, and rounded its mouth and eyes at me. " This is a dear little child," said I. " What a sweet rippling laugh it has! Is it a boy or girl?" "A girl," answered the young woman, with a little suggestion of recoil in her posture, as though I was an object she could not at onoo make sure of. " May I kiss her She held the baby up and I kissed its cheek. She waB a golden-haired child of seven or eight months, with large dark eyes. She did not cry when I kissed her. . , "She is a fine child-a beautiful child," said I. " Areyou the mother?" "No, I am the sister of the mother," answered the voting woman,, beginning to speak as though'her doubts of me were leaving her. " Aren't you the lady the sailors rescued yesterday?" " Yes," I said. " How glad I am you were saved." She had'a bonnie face, and I looked at her and smiled, and said, " May I nurse baby for a minute ?" . . She put the child into my arms. I kissed it again, and the little creature stared at me, but did not cry. .... .. , "You nurse her nicely." said the young woman. "How quiokly a baby seem" to know | an experienced hand! I cannot get the knack of holding ber comfortably." At these words, or at that moment, I was seized with an indescribable feeling-a sightless yearning, a blind craving, a sense of hopeless I loneliness, that, as though it had been some exquisite pang of heart, caught my breath and clouded my vision, and the blood left iny face, and every limb thrilled as though an electric current were pouring through me. The baby set up a cry, and the woman, with fear in. her countenance, snatched .it out of my arms. "Oh, God! What is this?" I exclaimed, bringing my hands to my breast. " Oh, God ! What is this? I have lost-I have lost Oh! what was it that came and went?" "What is the matter?" exclaimed Mrs. Richards, coming out of her berth, that wa >o~ mediately beside where I stood. " Is it you, MissC.V I did not know your voice. Are you poorly?" "lfo,"I answered, "a sudden fancy-but I cannot give ic a name; I cannot recall it; I .don't know the meaning of it. Oh, my head, my head!" And I sat down at the table and leaned my brow upon my hands. "A little passing feeling of weakness," said Mrs. Richards. "Only think what this poor lady has suffered." she added, addressing the young woman who had risen and gone a few paces away, and was now standing and holding the baby, and staring. " How could any one hope to be speedily well after such sufferings as this lady has passed through? But I know what will do you good, dear, and she slipped into her berth and returned with a glass of her cherry brandy, which she obliged me to drink. "Ana now," said she. "come to your cabin and compose yourself, and then you shall pay Airs. Lee a visit.s "I do not feel ill," said I, as I seated myself in my cabin, "it was a sensation-I cannot describe it. I was holding the baby, and as I looked at it I-I" " It might have been a little struggle of memory," said the stewardess. " But it gave me nothing-it showed me nothing-it told me nothing. '' " Never mind," said the stewardess; " how do you know but it may mean that it is your memory waking up? I have read that people who have been restored to life after having been nearly hanged or nearly drowned suif erect tortures, much worse tortures than when in their death struggles. Might it not be the tame with the memory ? It is not dead in you : it is lying stunned by something dreadful that happened to you. Sow it is waking up, and its first return to life is a torment. Let iw hope it, dear. And how do you feel now ?" " I should fell happy if I could believe that what you say is true." " Well, you must have patience and keep your heart cheered up." She then looked at my hair, and saying aloud but to herself, "Yea, I believe it will be the very thing," she left me." When she returned she bore in her hand a little mob cap of velvet and lace. " Put this on," said she. "It is one of four that were fiven to me last voyage by a lady passenger. intended them for a friend in Sydney, but you are welcome to them. Wear it, my dear." I put the capon, and certainly it did improve my looks. _ "I will not thank you for your kindness with my lips," said I; "if I began to speak my thanks I should tire you out long liefore I could end them." She interrupted me, " Do not talk of thank ing me. I declare, Miss C., I am never so happy as when I am being helpful and useful to others, and there are many like me. Oh, yes, most of us have larger and kinder hearts than we rive one another credit for. Do: you feel equal now to paying a visit to the saloon ?" .1 answered yes, and she led the way through the steerage: and up the .small flight of Bteps which conducted to the afterpart of the saloon. The suhshine lay in a blaze upon the skylights, and the-ihterior was splendid with light :and with prismatic Te&ectioris; of light. Tilerewas a sound overhead as. of many people walking to-and fro. The saloon was empty; every body would choose to be on deck on so line a inorAing. Mrs. Kichiards walked'to the door of one of the centre berths and knocked. A soft voice full of music bade her enter.- She turned;the handle.and held it whilst she addressed the inmate of the berth. "I have brought Misa C.," she exclaimed. "The lady is here, Miss Lee. May she step in?" " Oh, yes, pray," said the musical voice. Mrs. Bichards made room for me to pass, and pronouncing Miss Loe's name by way of introducing us she added that she had a great many duties to attend to and quitted the berth. 