My Ghostly Warning. A CHRISTMAS STORY, (WRITTEN FOR THE "TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL.”) (BY A. T.) Dear Dick,—I am delighted to hear of your safe arrival m the old country. I want to see you and hear all that has happened duriug your long sojourn in Sydney. Come to Steepdale and spend a quiet Christmas for the sake of " Auld Lang Syne." Your Old Chum, HAKRY HALDECK. This letter lay before me on the table but two hou'8 after my return to England. I meditated. What is there to keep me in London-no family, no business ties ? Why not look up my old friend ? Often had I anticipated the pleasure of renewing, in person the acquaintances of my youth, and whose memory to me so treasured as that of Haldeck ? Schooldays, the family | gathering, Christmas holidays spent together, all came back to one's mind a thou- I sandfold, enriched and enchanted by time, j Aye, why not ? Bag and baggage quickly packed, and I set forth wrapped in furs and rolled j in rugs. Soon I;was seated in a corner of a first class compartment. A shrill whistle, a wave of the flag, and we are whirling away through the cold and gloom of a winter's afternoon. I shall not soon forget the discomforts of that journey. The keen frost attacked the one prominent feature of my face with c*uel pertinacity, but that was the least of my grievances. We bad to change at N-, and wait the down mail in a miserable hovel of a station. The constant exami nation of tickets, the opening of carriage doors, and vulgar' staring in of people, and then still more vulgar leaving the aforesaid doors open and the windows down. Long before evening I had bawled myself hoarse with calling to inquire why in the name of conscience we did not proceed ? Two livelong hours had the train been standing while a dense fog veiled everything, and even penetrated into the carriage. My temper had attained the last stage of desperation, when we at last reached my wayside station, and as if to add inpult to in-jury, and which certainly did not add balm to my already ruffled feelings, the guard of the train called to the local porters ¡6 " Now lads, help out that old nabob and his baggage who's been kicking up such a row all the way." j A 50 minutes' drive brought me to the entrance of an old-fashioned country mansion. Steep I dale's master, my lifelong friend, met me at the door, and gave me a hearty welcome. I found Haldeck the same bright genial fellow I had left him in the fifties. Nature had been kind to him, time had touched him lightly. I could not help thinking it was not so with myself ; for, apart from nature and time, I had Buffered the rava.es brought on by a hot climate and unhealthy sur roundings. As Haldeck took my cloak from me and gave orders for the disposal of my luggage, I heard peals of merry laughter coming across the hall. " HOW'B this ?" said I. " A quiet Christmas ! Here, Btop "-to the coachman-*' put that lug gage on again. I'm off for town." My friend burst into a fit of laughter. " Nonsense, Dick, I shall not hear of it." " Why, you've got a house full !" I rejoined, grimly enough. '* How many ?" " Oh, only a handful of nephews and nieces," he replied. " Let me go, then, to my room." He expostulated with me. Nothing, however, would induce me to do otherwise. Haldeck ab ; last consented to my dining quietly upstairs. He escorted me up the broad staircase and ushered me into a comfortable room. We chatted a while, he laughing with pleasure andrubbing his hands in the old boyish way I so well remembered. His kindness and hospitality touched me deeply. I admired the room he had assigned for my use, he opened a door facing the large chair I was seated in and showed me a dressing-room, which I inspected, and which was at present in gloom. In momentary absence of mind I closed this door and turned the key in the lock, as if to shut out the cold. I begged Haldeck to join his guests. He seemed loth to leave me, but finally de parting he said in a laughing tone "Though Steepdale isa fairly old house, there is no haunted chamber or ghost here, you will rest quietly Dick. I see you are tired and jaded with your journey, you shall dine comfortably alone." I thought he was gone, but he had returned to tell me that Master Eeynard had been seen upon the lawn that morning. Then he left me, and I hastened to change my travelling suit for a warm dreBsing-erown, and throw myEelf into the cosy chair to the right of the fire. Prom my position I commanded the whole room, which was large and tastefully furnished; my bedroom door to my right hand, a casement window behind me, the curtains now closely drawn facing me, the dressing-room door, all biightly illumined by the blazing embers. I had not enjoyed the rest of the easy chair and the warmth of the fire long ere a pleasant sense of comfort came over me. I sat drawing pictures in my mind of the past, English and Australian succeeding and alter nating. Though I was absorbed in mind, and in a sense enjoying a kind of dose, I was immediately, and intently conscious when my bedroom door was thrown violently open, and a young girl clad in a flowing robe of white rushed in straight towards me, her hands stretched out beseechingly, her eyes gazing into mine in speech less terror. She paused for a second, then fled past me into the dressing-room. I bad arisen from my seat in amazement. Entering the door was a tall man in evening dress. He had a re markably handsome physique, but visible signs of rage distorted his face, and the black brows were knitted together, forming a straight line across his forehead. He strode hurriedly into the cham ber, and without appearing to notice my presence passed through the inner room after the girl. I paused not a moment, but rushed to the-door of the dressing- room. It was locked. I turned the key and entered. All was gloom and silence. I hastened to my room for my lamp, and scanned every coiner, bub saw-simply nothing. The room was empty. I looked out on the corridor, all was still. I then returned to my room in a remarkable state of bewilderment and alarm, and stood before the fire, beads of perspiration on my brow. Should I alarm the house ? My hand was on the bell pshaw-they would think I had been dreaming, and laugh at an old man's fancy. Thoughts of haunted homes, visions from the spiritual world, weird spectres by stagnant streams passed rapidly before me- happily Boon dispelled by the entrance of a servant with my dinner. After par taking of the tempting viands spread before me I must confess my feelings were equal to inter viewing a thousand goblins, and I laughed to myself, saying, "I must have been dreaming, I mußt have been dreaming." So I determined to keep my own counsel. The next few days passed pleasantly enough, the young people helping me to make an old fool bf myself many a time in the day. On New Year's Eve, as we were sitting over 5 o'clock tea, a yule log blazing on the hearth, a vißitor was announced. Our host rose to welcome her and drew her towards the fire. I instantly . recognised the intruder of my chamber the night of my arrival at Steepdale. She was a graceful girl of striking appearance. I soon learnt that she was an Australian on a visit to England, report "said an heiress. Well, we spent a joyful Christmas, in fact, all went merry as a marriage bell, Miss Madeline Herne (our lovely Australian cousin) being the Ufe and soul of the party. In vain I watched for the Othello of my story among the numerous guests who came to and from Steepdale-I never saw him. Ah ! how thankful I was to have kept my secret, indeed ; I had almost persuaded myself I had dosed in that wicked armchair in the dimity room by the fire. But we shall see, we shall see. - 