"TRADE SOCEE1IES AND POLITICS." TO THE EDITOB. Sir—In your issue under the above heading has appeared a statement which reflects very strongly upon the officers employed to prepare the electoral rolls. It is stated that " in some cases the name is on the roll for the wrong district ; in others it is placed on two rolls; and m very many cases the names have not been put on the roll at all," even though " he filled in the required returns, and handed them to the collector." If this be so, the necessity of an immediate alteration in the law is very apparent. I am at a loss to understand how "the Returning Officers can be required to accept claims from any but the individual himself." It is surely the duty of every elector to see that he is registered, or if he does not care about it to forfeit his right to vote; but if any one besides the individual elector can sign claims, then what is to prevent stuffing the rolls by any one filling up claims for every name in the directory, fictitious or otherwise, and whether already em oiled or not. Have tbe Returning Officers no discretion as to the bona fides of a claim, and how can they be sure it is genuine unless signed by the claimant? The claims should be signed by the claimant even if only for reference in case of tampering with transfers. The foregoing also opens the question of what real statistical value is the census ? At present I am PUZZLED. Adelaide, May 27. MRS. BESANT ON GHOSTS.—Lecturing on April 3 at Milton HaU, Kentish Town, on the subject of apparitions, _ Mrs. Besant said what science meant in talking of ether was what the theosophist meant when he spoke of "aetral" matter, only in one case it had been subjected to experiments and was understood, while in the other case the experiments were at present of the most elementary character; and, although most promising for the future, they were not yeb very reliable in the explanation of certain curious and abnormal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions which had this common characteristic—they were unconscious. A person awoke and saw a form which siid nothing and did nothing except stand there. It generally looked somewhat mournful and disconsolate, andspeedily disappeared. This was a most unsatisfactory kind of thing, afforded no explanation of its presence, and there was nothing to show why it came. The person who saw it was not quite sure whether it was real or fanciful, was not quite sure whether he himself was awake or asleep. The apparition appeared at night, frightened bim for a moment, and the next moment it was gone. This land of apparition was nothing more than what theosophy described as a picture or revelation in the astral light. The modus operandi was this. There was an intense thought in the mind of some person. That thought was a real energy, a real force, quite as real as electricity. It was quite as real as an electric force that could be sent through space, and it was not without significance that whenever they got thought-action, they got electric action. Their medical man would tell them that, when there was thought in connection with tbebrain, there was electrical action in connection with the brain. When they thought intensely on the physical plane they set free electricity, and on the astral plane they set up a current through this astral matter or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the current set up in aBtral matter or ether went in the direction of that person as certainly as they could send a current along a wire, when they wished it, to reach a distant town. This set of ethereal vibrations, reaching the person who was intensified in their thought, affected the person by the same medium, and in some cases appeared as an objeotive reality. In very many cases only as a mental impression was the person thought of. What were the conditions under which this unconscious picture was produced? It was constantly produced where a person was dying, and where the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seeing some absent friend or relative. It most often happened between those closely united by ties of blood or of affection. Most of these astral pictures were between close relatives or close friends, and the evidence was, to her mind, indubitable that such occurrences did take place, for they might find over and over again instances in which the person seeing the apparition had made a note at the time of the day, the hour, and the place; and it had been subsequently found that at the precise time a friend had passed through the change men oalled "death," and that the news which was thus carried by these astral vibrations was news as true and as real as though it were flashed along the electrical wire. 