'How Shall we decide the Question?' Now, whioh ia tho worso — to hive no appe tite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for you appetite ? There are lots of people on one side or the other of this question. When ' good diges tion waits on appctito and health on both,' f.llfif^ ia f-.lin ii4nal tiffifnrln nf n unrnnn fnwapda his meals, But uiost of us aro not bloassd in that way ; we either havo too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appotito without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question difforontly, yet tho common senao of it ia that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an uppetite without a dinner, bocauno, short of tho starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in nood of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. Wo rooently received a com munication in which the writer nays, ' 1 was afraid to eat.' Did ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If tho latter, why '( Let him clear the myntery himself. He says, ' In the yoar 1889 I changed my work from railway partor to Hignalinan. I hud beon Rianalman t.wfllvn mnnthft. find fchnn nil at once, so to speak, 1 did not feel myaolf. My mouth tatted bad, bo that ordinary articcs of diet scorned t) lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. Ono thing was like another, and none waa good. My tmguo waa coaled and furred, with a dark lino down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my apputito poor, with pains through the ohost and shoulder?, which were always right before I had eaton anything. Then I was groatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We oannot wonder that under those cironm Btaucea our friend failed to do juitico to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation ' at his heart, as though it were touched with eomo sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he wan attacked with spasms, the agony of which was .so severe that the swoat rolled off him. ' I dreaded,' he says, '' the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I m vdo, for I was afraid to eat. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if Home thing was going to happen, and this oaused me to lose a good deal of k'i :ep.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the doath of soinob jdy dear to him. This wan due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of hia b'oo.i -the life banrer), his unstrung nerves, and to tho brain enfeebled oy laoK ot nourishment. Tne night ot tma form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures cf a rostleeB and un governod imagination. ' With great difficulty,' ho says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, bnt what I suffered foe over two years ia past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done.' In tho latter statoinont he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is -one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all tho whilo going throngh the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrnp. ' My wife,' he says, 'got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, inWood lesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and ha? n^ver returned pinco that fortunato day. I should liko the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' George Hunt, ' Car Bottom Road, ' Apperley Bridge, near LeodB.' We publish this by. Mr. Hunt's deaire, in order that part of the world at least may know low thankful ho is and for whit reason. 36 