Selected. ME. GLADSTONE AND HOME RULE. The following verses were suggested by the message sent to Mr. Gladstone by Sir George Grey, on behalf of the New Zealand Liberals:— 'FAINT NOT FBOXI AGE; BE STEADFAST TO THE END." From noble hearts in Maoriland a message throbs through seas To one who pleads for Ireland's cause, her rights, her liberties; A cheering cry of "courage " to the champion who can dare To loosen Erin's thorn crown from her matted, blood-Btained hair. Her head hatli felt those thorn blades for full six hundred years, Till sorrow ploughed lier mirth-lit face with bitter, blinding tears; Through centuries of dark despair she has listened for the voice Of some undaunted leader who would bid her hope, rejoice; And whisper to her suffering heart sweet words of liberty, Throw off the chains that cut the flesh and set dear Erin free. Lo ! now he conies, her saviour; what cares he for his scars, Were they not got for her sake in a hundred bloodless wars F Thou dauntless, grey-haired chieftain, on thee our hopes depend, "Faint not from age," have courage, "be steadfast to the end." List to the sound of freedom's song, hark to its welcome notes! Ten million chords are swelling from ten million Irish throats! Oh, winds ! catch up its music and bear the song on high, Sear it above till melted in the depths of God's grave sky. From every cliff and hilltop burn bonfires through the night, And Irish eyes throughout the world will weep with love's delight; And you, brave heart, brave Briton, " faint not," but do and dare For Ireland and her people, free them from grief and care. The ghosts of patriots guard thee, their phantom regiments throng Around thy warrior figure, but voiceless in their song; They hover o'er their champion, remembering all the past Of Erin's long oppression, and are faithful to the last. And from remotest regions of the earth, some " exiles " send " Faint not from age," their message is—" be steadfast to the end." The waves that lash their island in feathery wind-swept foam Are dancing o'er the exiles' " wish" as it pulses towards their home ; The dawn of Hope and Home Rule is blush ing in the sky, And the throbbing voice of Freedom and of Liberty is nigh. The flag of peace is fluttering o'er a wondering world that waits, To see their leader enter through Home Rule's triumphant gates; And over wastes of waters 'neath the Cross's starry flame, A million voices syllable the grand old leader's name. " Faint not from age "—the gods have heard —thy task is nearly done, " Be steadfast to the end "—and then—thy life-time's wish is won. Maeitts. Charlton, August 10,1892. —Independent. 