PRACTICAL SCIENCE. I There is a design on foot at the present time to introduce the lantern as a meane of signalling at sea. In the performance of t\ ie service Jt will be callod the ,:L-ic'gfapV J It wi'l have slides in the shape of stejcil plate?, each with a letter or figure cut in it. The screen (saya tbe Optician') is a flag j stretched in a conspicuous part of the ship, on which the letter of the slide is projected. By the help of glasses the distant ship rends the letters. In a work on poisonous plants, recently makes tbe dioquielin? istatcment that the violet falls within tlis category. Its rhi zomes, or root stalks, and its seed?, both possess toxic properties, and when introduced into the human system arc capable of pro ducing such a derangement of tbe organs of respiration and circulation as may lead to fatal resalte. To prevent screws employed to join ma chinery from becoming fixed and difficult to remove from oxidation, the Monitor iDdustrielle recommends a mixture of oil and graphite, aud &nys; it will effectually prevent screws from bcomng fixed, and protect them for years from rust. The mixture facilitates tightening up, and is an excellent lubricant, and reduces the friction of the screw in its so:kct. Carboa, of which graphite is .largely compoa-.d, is the best known lubricant. The photographic gh-^st consists of a person completely covered with a fiheet, so arranged as to give a dim outline of the head ; when in position a short exposure of ab^ut half an inch of magnesium is given ; then, av soon as possible, toe ghust being removed, but noth'ng else touched, another exposure is made by magnesium fiash-l^ght of the other figures required for the picture. This method gives excellent results, the pattern of the wall papfr, showing through the ghost, which gives quite a realistic appear In his recent address as President of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, Dr. William? Higgins stated that it is con* corns 30 years since the spectroscope gave us for the lira1: time certain knowledge of tbe nature *.f tbe hoaveuly b:diuj, and revealed the fundam«n;al f-ict thai terres trial matter is not peculiar to the solar nystern, but iu common to all the etais visible to up. This irg'.rument hoe, in this time, analysed the ctiua, though it has thus far failed to interpret ihe remarkable spectrum of the Aurora B-irealic, and to teach much of tbe physical and chemical nature of tbe sun's corona. It has i hown reasons for arranging the siara in a series in which the different temperatures seem to be indicated and to denote different stages of evolution, our sun occupying a place near the middle of the eeriee. It has given us a means of dbtermin{nj that some stars are approaching and some receding in the line of sight, and of measur ing the rate, though the nearest star is bo re mote that its approach at the rate of 100 miles per second would not increase its light one-fortieth in a century. The motions of about fifty Bta:s have been thus determined, with an accuracy of about an EngliBh mile per second. Indeed, a number of measures of the Btar Arcturus have been made by Keeler, with variation of not more than six tenths of a mile per second, these being detcrmiaalioas of the motions of a remote Run by means of light waves which have been nearly 200 ycais upon their journey. Ncbulic have been seen to move at about the same rates as the stars — from 2 to 27 miles, per second, and in one esse -10 miles. Photography, which has rendered wonderful help to the astronomer in other wayn, has aided in these researcher, A pillow is a necessity ; but care and judgment should be exercised in its use. No mere matter of habit is the use of a pillow. It has a physiological basis. We sleep, for the most part, on our side, and without a pillow the bead would be uncomfortably and harmfully lower than the bMy. It will be remembered that Jacob, when fleeing from Esau, took a stone for a pillow. He needed something for the purpose, and nothing better than a etone presented itself, Sucn practices are common in Africa at the pre sent day. Some people rest the ncck instead of the head or hard pillows. In Africa extra ordinary headgears make this practice neces sary, and many a civilised woman has been compelled by a somewhat similar coiffure to 1 forego both the ,pillow and tbe recumbent 1 posture. The consideration of tbe physio logical reason for pillows will suggest their proper thi.kness. They should merely bring the head to the natural level. Some pillows are much too thick. By bending the neck unduly they interfere with the outflow of tbe venous blood from the head. The pillow that just fills out the space above the shoulder best suits its end. A^ain, pillows of feathers are objectionable. While tbey [ are too heating, as they have a remarkable [ capacity for accumulating and holding the heat. It should be remembered that more blood, and hence more heat, goes to the head than to any other part of the boiy. Head heating pillows are against the wholesome maxim ' Keep the feet warm, but tbe head cool.' There is nothing better than the hair pillows. Further, the pillow ia for the head, not for the ghoulders. Vfrxest the shoulders on the pillow defeats the very end for which it is used. Finally, special* care should be 1 taken of infants in this roatter. We have I seen their heads sunken deep into the softest I and thickest of pillows, and their faces, as a natural consequence, covered with great JCH JBUipWBpilMlUU. 11, US UW W WUUC1 IU.V ±ildren so treated die. An Italian believer in the doctrine of evolution imagines that he has made the liscovery that St. Augustine's theory of the creation was iu reality similar in many respects to Darwin's. That there should be some resemblance is not surprising, for there j is nothing in the latter to interfere with any creed on the question of a first cause, dealing, as it does, only with the circumstances attending subsequent development. Signor Fogarzaro, who claims to have made the difcovcry, has written a book oa tbe recon cilement of fcience with religion, in which he attacks the author of a prize essay on the tame subject, dwelling upon the differences instead of tbe points of agreement between St. Augustine and Darwin. Tho dipcu^icn ia not of vary pient imfoitarce, for in nearly every age the MosUc account hss baen freely handled, even by tbe orthodox, and nobody is row railed upon tj accept it as literally true. Geol'vy dealt it a more severe blow than ev n evolution hiF none, and there is n growing impression that th're is nc necessity for reconciling science and religion. Science is the revd.i'ion of work=, whi'c religion is respective expounders mind their own busi ness tbey will not comc into collision sit all. Dr. J. E. Taylor writes : — A few years ago, when all the wor!d went suddenly crazy about the new illuminant, electricity, and those foolish people who possessed gas shares sold them, and those ?wise peiple who possessed money bought them, it was imigincd the daj s of gas— as gas— were over. I have always held the opposite opinion. Gas, as hq illuminant, is not comparable to incan descent electricity. Ninety per csnt. of j?rs is heat— not light. But, for that very reacor, gas has recently acquired a new importance, which cannot fail to keep up tbe price of gas The last public statement of tbe Board r- Trade proves this. Notwithstanding tin? marvellous and enormous development ot a i new industry, a new reicnca, with all its nrrtnuViYcr .ind annrfe\ifA^ rpvnlta. siiflt fifl ciectricity if, there b r- practically beeD no I '.'cpreciatory inrt'i^nceon the profiteer pros pects of gas companies. The contumption U increas'n? year by year, cveu more lapidly I than the population. The fact is we creatc 1 new habits and fresh expenses the more civilired we become. The remarkable power exerted by ths roots of a plant in f jrcing liquid up the stem was demonstrated in an interesting manner with apparatus at a recent mceiing ol the Inyal Society in London. A stem about five.e'ghthe of an inch iu diameter was cut 1 off at a height of four or five inches and jc.ined by rubber connections to a fine glass i tube about ten feet high. Early in the day this tube waa filled to a height of a fo v inches with a colored liquid, by the eveniag the tl uid had been forced to a height of abo.it nine feet. Ifr damson Werthelmer, who recently died, was a Bond-street dealer in bric-.-i-brac, who came to Louden a pennile9 1 Polish Jew, and became a millionaire, though he couVl neither rend nor write. An old man while Buffering from influenza in South London was surprised by the sudden appearance in bis room of his wife woo 2 ? years ago eloped to California. Falling - u 1 her kneea B ie implored bis foTglvencrs, the 1 man with whom she took her riight, a't r making a fortnne, having rocent!y die'. The husbard forgave her, she nursed him s-- w- 1' (hit Le recovered, but caught the infecii n het'sel', and has just died, leavirg him 602,000, 