PABLIAMjUSTT. ? ♦ TSJJSBDAT, SSPTXMBEB 22. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ? THE ? MOTION OP CENSUEE. THE DEBATE CONTINUED, AND FURTHER ADJOURNED. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. MENINDIE TBAMWAY. Mr. Cann presented a petition signed by over 2000 residents of Broken Hill petitioning against the construction of a private tramway between Broken Hill and Menindie. The petition was received. THE MOTION OF CENSUEE. The debate was resumed upon Mr. Eeid's motion, as follows : — ' 1. That the present Administration does not possess the confidence of this House or the country. I, That the foregoing resolution be communicated by address to his Excellency the Governor.'' Upon which Mr. Cotton had moved the insertion after paragraph 1 of the words — ' 2. That this House desires at the same time to expresi its strong disapproval of the payment to the Premier of a sum of .£1000 out of the public funds without the authority of Parlia ment;' and on' which Mr. Cann had moved — ' That the amendment before moved be so amended by the omission of all words after ' dis approval of ' with a view to the insertion of the following words : ' The way in which the Govern ment have administered the law at Broken HilL'' Mr. Wall said the real question before the House was the action of the Government in arresting the men at Broken HilL He considered the Government was justified in the course adopted by them, and if it could be shown to him that the Government had stepped outside the ordinary procedure and administration of the law he 'would vote against it. If this Government was forced out of office they would also have to force the House before the country. (Hear, hear.) He defended the action of the Government in regard to the Broken Hill trouble, and declared that they had justly and fearlessly administered the law, and no impeachment could be urged against them. If any action of the Government warranted their dismissal, {hen the House should dismiss them, but he believed that if a division had been taken before the Broken Hill trouble arose, the Government would have had a majority, and he declined to believe that the indictment against the Government was other than their action with respect to the Barrier difficulty. Taking into . consideration the difficulties the Government had to encounter when they accepted office, he con sidered it was in such critical times entitled to the co-operation of every honest man who desired to advance the interest of the country. He did not care what party was in power, because he believed it was the duty of any Government to carry on progressive legislation for the advance ment of the good of the country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Caeeuthees criticised the speech of the Attorney-General, and said that from the tone of that speech he was convinced that the Govern ment was ' riding for a fall.' The whole pro cedure cf the Government with regard to the Broken Bull strike was characterised by miserable subterfuges, instead of them coming out boldly and standing by their actions. If the Attorney - General had shown no more fairness to the miners, at Broken Hill than he had shown to the leader of the Opposition in his speech last night, then all he could say was ' God help the men/' He, however, could not believe the Attorney-General could have been serious in all bis remarks. He quoted from speeches made in the House by the present Premier when in Opposition at the time of the maritime strike, to show that he (Sir George Dibbs) had condemned the then Administration for their conduct in the preservation of law and order in the city. Now the Premier was doing the same thing that he found fault with in his predecessor in office. With regard to the a mendment bv the member for Sturt, he looked at the great constitutional questions involved in the issue. The first duty of the Government was to see that the law was obeyed, and he believed the Government had not acted in defiance of the rules that guided the executive in taking the action they had done at Broken Hill. 'I he executive, he had no doubt, had acted upon the advice of its legal head that a prima facie case had been made out on the evi dence put before him. The House had no right te interfere with the executive function of the Government. The men who had been arrested had their right as citizens to a fair trial, and if they were acquitted of the charge against them, then would be the time to take the Govern ment to task for their executive action. _ (Hear, hear.) At present the House had no right to express an opinion whether any person was justi fiably or unjustifiably placed on his trial. As far aa he was concerned, he intended to support the Government in the stand they had taken in pre serving peacs. If the present laws were bad they had a just right to constitutionally amend them by repealing or amending them. (Hear, hear.) He would vote against the amendment brought in by Mr. Cann if he got an opportu nity, because he had no evidence of ?wrongdoing on the part of the Government. He then proceeded to discuss the question of con ciliation and arbitration, and urged that arbitra tion should be made compulsory, and that public opinion would be sufficient power to enforce the acceptation of the award. He demanded that justice should be done to- all, apart from consideration of position, and he declared that large mina owners had conspired against the well-being and financial prosperity of the colony by registering the mines, which were in oar territory, in another colony, thus de priving us of all the income we should have derived from the properties which our law had to protect. Had the Government done its duty it would have long ago brought down a bill to compel those companies having property in this colony, but which were registered elsewhere, to subscribe their proper share to the taxation of this colony. Reverting to the speech delivered by Mr. Murphy a few nights before he pointed out the good work done by Parliament in, the past, and argued that all the liberties and advantages the masses of the people of this colony now en joyed were brought about by legislators before the Labor party were heard of in politics. He denied ever spending a penny of public money without the consent of Parliament ; but the pre sent Premier had done so. He (the Premier) had appropriated portions of the public funds to his own private use. Sir George Dibbs : The statement is deliber atelv untrue. The Speaker said the hon. member was out of order in making such a remark. Sir Gbobge Dibbs withdrew the remark. ? Mr. Cabbuthees said they could fight out this battle without blackening each other's characters. He would say that he (Sir George) had appropri ated, the money to a public use. Could the hon. member plead that it was not a large sum? The hon^tnember and the Colonial Treasurer had lost no opportunity of censuring the late Government for doing wrong, and yet had spent this money without the consent of the House. The hon. mem ber did not act as Colonial£Secretary in England, but said he represented other colonies besides New South Wales. He had violated the constitu tion of the colony and the Colonial Treasurer had assisted him, by taking this money without the sanction of Parliament. The visit . of the hon. member, he would admit, did . good for the colony. (Hear, hear.) He charged the Government further that now \- when they had so much misery and dietress'in the colony, and a depression greater than any they bad known, they had acted with the utmost indifference to the starving thousands. The hoik member had said lie would not see any man in want of food. .''??' Sir Geoege Dibbb : I said'** any woman.' Mr. Carbitthers, continuing, referred to the change of policy brought about by the Govern ment, and said it was all it had done to relieve the country. They had been recklessly indifferent to the people and the. responsibilities of office. The charge made aeainst the Government was that they had made the public interests subser vient to the interests of the party, and they had created billets for thepurpoBeof putting their partisans into them. - ? Mr, See: Name one case. Mr. Cabbtjthbbs : I can— the inspector of scaffolding. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. Crick: What about Angus Cameron? Mr. Caeeuthees : He was appointed'to a post for which he was eminently fitted. The Govern ment had placed men in positions -which they would never have obtained in private life. In the Department of Agriculture appointments wera made for men, not on account of their knowledge, but because of their support to the party. He also protested against the appointments to the Legislative Council. The greatest reproach against the Government was the way in which it had truckled in this respect to its partisans. He would vote against the amendment of the hon. member for Sfcurt, and in the event 'of a general election he thought the desire of the people to preserve order would give a verdict to them to preserve the constitution, and they would get it if they went to the country to-morrow. Mr. Ewing said the leader of the Opposition was well within his rights in moving his resolu tion, as any leader was, in order to turn the Government out and get in its place. He was prepared to prove to the satisfaction of any man that he had not acted unconstitutionally. An Hon. Member : You have a big job on hand. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Ewing : I think the horn, 'member will have a big job to understand. (Laughter.) The protectionists had to consider whether it was right to break down protection in order to punish a Premier who had done wrong. Premiers were all very much the same class of men and were controlled by party agency. Unless the leader of the Opposition knew more about a constitution than he did six months ago, he knew very little about it. If a constitution were written and there was nothing in it saying what a Premier should do, then the Premier had done nothing unconsti tutional. If it was not opposed by the public spirit of the community also it was not unconsti tutional. He (Mr. Ewing) said he was a protec tionist from Mb convictions, but many were free traders or protectionists because their constituents were so. He did not believe protection came straight from Gabriel's wings, and they knew no law passed had fully realised what was expected from it by its advocates. Protection, he ad mitted, would not be beneficial to England, and it could not have all the benefit for this colony that had been promised them. There was not much doubt that if the division hadvtaken place a week ago the Government would have won, but another question had come in now. The Govern ment did not make the law under which they had now acted, and if a mistake had been made it was the fault of the law and not of the Government. He asked would the destruction of the Govern ment bring about an alteration in the law ? To break laws to bring about reform would degrade reform and bring about anarcby and destruction. (Hear, hear.) There was no short cut to reform, and although reform would be brought ab»ut, the task would not be easy. The great difficulty would be to get a Parliament fit to deal with reform. (Hear, hear.) A want of patience was one of the de fects of this Parliament. He looked upon the future with an optimistic view, but, notwith standing the hopefulness of the future, he con sidered the man a poltroon who would not assist in bringing about Australian federation. Sir Henry Parses said he raised his voice in this debate for one or two very simple reasons. He was certain the new lights that had come amongst them were not so self-willed as not to learn from the book of the past. (Hear, hear.) When they first took their seats in this House he told them he declined to recognise them as the ' Labor ' party, but as the representatives of a free country. The sooner they realised that there was no room in that House except for representatives of the whole people, the sooner would they be able to carry out their duty to fche country. There was' no room for class representation, or why did not the merchant and employers have their direct representatives ? A Voice : So they have had in the past. (Hear, hear.) Sir Henry Parkes : Since the' v institu tion of responsible Government had not their legislators carried reforms for the benefits of the people? Their forerunners had altered all the tyrannical conditions under which the people had lived, and had presented them with a rich inheritance. (Hear, hear.)* Was there any wisdom in saying that bad laws should be broken, because who was to decide what was a bad law ? Mr. Black : The unanimous decision of the people. (Laughter.) Sir Henry Parkes : No other power except that Assembly could be considered supreme, as it. stood superior to . all other institutions. The moment those gentlemen, who formed what was called the Labor party, but whom he called representatives, forgot they were the representa tives of the people, then they were unworthy to represent labor or any other class. The speech delivered by the hon. member for Paddington (Mr. Want) was one he thought could not make him feel proud, nor his constituents confident. He asked was not the late maritime strike the greatest trouble of its kind that had ever occurred in Australia ? Several Voices: Tes. Sir Henry Parkes : Yes, and yet the hon. member for Paddington had said that that trouble was not so great as the present one at Broken Mill ! A Voice : He was speaking then as a lawyer. Sir Henry Parkes: Well, even as a lawyer, he should have estimated the relative importance of events of this kind. (Hear, hear.) When that great strike was in existence he (Sir Henry) was at the head of a Government, and although the Government was firm in preserving the peace, there was not a serious assault, and not a single arrest. (Hear, hear.) The Attorney General occupied a place in this Cabinet it was never intended he should. In England the Attorney-General waetnot allowed to sit in the Cabinet. He was simply the legal adviser of the Government. If he might be allowed to say it, he would be disposed to say that the Attorney General had tea great extent disillusionised the House as to his capacity. (Interruption.) Ee ferring to the speech of the Attorney-General, he must eay that it was the most abusive one he had ever listened to, and he had taken the meanest opportunity — he would not say cowardice — to wreak his spite upon certain individuals in the House. (Hear, hear.) With reference to matters at Broken Hill, the Government had done its duty, and it had taken the important step quite as soon as they were justified in taking it. The Attorney-General had. tried to make it appear that the Broken Hill trouble was to govern tho present situation of the House. The notice of the resolution was given before the Barrier trouble came up, and the Attorney-General had utterly failed to prove that it was the duty of the member for East Sydney to go to a great deal of trouble to ascertain what the Government was doing before he submitted his motion. Although he did not always admire the conduct of the hon. member for Eaet Sydney, yet he was bound to say that that gen tleman had displayed an intelligent, sensible, and manly part throughoutthe whole of this business. He ?would give his vote in direct opposition to the member for Sturt, Mr. Cann; and if that hon. gentleman hadat heart the interest of the class to which he belonged, and if he wished to serve their interests, he would withdraw it. (Hear, hear.) The amendment would only confuse the issue before the House. It could only have the effect of misleading gentlemen who were not well in formed upon technical matters, and it could not be dealt with without doing a flagrant injustice. He -would be glad if no amendment was submitted. He thought the Government was entitled to have this thing terminated upon the plain bald resolu tion of the member for East Sydney. He could not see the utility of any amendment, and it would be better if all amendments were withdrawn. It would be fairer to the Ministry and fairer to the As8embly,and]it would ba a very simple issue upon which men of common sense and integrity could decide. Dealing with the question of the appropriation by the Premier of the .£1000 expenses of Mb trip, he said that during . all the years he held office he never appropriated even so much as the use of the Government launch. . A Voice: But you have used special trains, Sir Henet Parkes : Yes, I did take a special train, but I paid for it. (Sear, hear.) Continuing, , he said that while he held that the public revenue should not be expended without the sanction of Parliament, lie also held that any Minister who in blind obedience to this rule refused to spend money would be unworthy of his position. As an instance of the exercisa~~of this discretionary power he said it was only by Ms taking action of . this kind that the country obtained the princely Bedfern Estate for .£100,000. Sir Geobgx Dibbs .- What about the Veraon ? Sir Henry Parkes : You can point to no single instance where I have appropriated £5 of public money to my own use. 'Cheers.) Continuing, he said apart from the fiscal policy of the Governmet he was not disposed to take any course inimical to them. Although they had been in office only 11 months, for a long time they had no Premier to look after the charge they had undertaken. Ministers had spent their time wandering about the country, and their action in visiting places where their partisans could get up a banquet for them was degrading to the high offices they held — (cheers) — and he thought that the least of this kind of thing done in the future the better it would be for all. (Hear, hear.) He concluded by stating that with his eyes open, and with the full ap proval of his conscience, he would vote against the Government. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr. Copelahd said the hon. member was con tinually talking of closing the door of his political life, but he never would as long as there was a ghost of a chance of keeping it open. A Gov ernment without the hon. member at its head was no Government at all in his opinion. The hon. member for East Sydney knew nothing of {the Broken Hill trouble when he moved his motion. The Attorney-General gave a full com plete and distinct reply to the hon. member for East Sydney. He stated every particle of infor mation that the Government were in possession of. Every~member knew as much as the Govern ment did. He had always understood^on a no-confidence motion that every mat ter concerning the Government was open to discussion. A good deal had been said of the Premier's mission to England and the J61000., At the time the House went into recess they began to realise that the borrowing powers of the Gov ernment were to be greatly curtailed, and the late Government — the head of wMch had not the courage to stay in the chamber — had the audacity to call for contracts amounting to .£4,000,000, which they had not provided for, and the work was now left for thiB Government to do. Many of the railways then constructed did not return enough to pay wages. At the time he spoke of, the credit was gone, the contracts, let, and no money to pay for them. The duty of the present Government was to do their best to restore confidence in the English money market, and it was not until they had been in recess some time and matters got worse that they decided as a Government to send somebody to England in the interests of the country. Although the Premier had been Hi, he - had no distinct intention of going home, and it was decided deliberately in Cabinet that he should go home as being best fitted to restore the confidence of the mother country in the finance prospects of this country, which he did un doubtedly. He had since received private letters from England giving: glowing accounts of the bene ficial effects of the Premier's visit. Regarding the question of expenses, they knew the Premier was not the richest of men, and was not travelling allowance made for the highest to the humblest in the Civil Service ? In every department such pro vision was made. If an Under- Secretary had to travel, his expenses were 2gs a day, and a Minis ter was allowed 3gs a day, and he thought a Premier should receive 5gs or 6gs a day. Supreme Court Judges received .£10 per day. (Shame.) This was exclusive of railway passes.* This he stated to show that travelling expenses were provided, and why should they ask the Premier to spend .£1000 in going home ? He had no doubt if the hon. member could afford it he would have gladly paid it himself; but he was just as much entitled to an allowance as any officer in the service of the State. No man dared to say that the Premier's visit had not been to the benefit of the country. The smallest interest in getting the Treasury bills placed on the market alone justified the expenditure many times over. The expenses, he believed, were Icsb than .£1000. There was a Treasurer's advance account of .£200,000 f or the service of the Government in' such cases as this, and this amount would appear in the supplementary estimates. If ever there was a Government' that could be called a ' ban queting Government it was the last Government. He had seen the late Minister for Education even leave the House while his estimates were being considered, and he was scarcely even m Ms*' office, but was always stumping the country making freetrade speeches. He had written letter after letter to the late Colonial Secretary and never could get replies, but there was no dif ficulty in getting replies from any department of the present Government. Ministers would be to blame if they did not travel the country and see it. In the present Government almost every Minister represented a country constituency but it was not so with the Lite Government. He then reviewed the speech of the leader of the Opposition, and said if the fact of everyone of the present Ministers being returned unopposed was not evidence of public confidence he did not know what was. They had deliberately announced their policy, and could not be charged with breaking away from it like the last Government. What evidence had Mr. Eeid that any Ministry he could form would receive the Governor's acknowledgment? He then referred to Mr. Eeid having been defeated after he had had some ministerial experience. According to all evidence this Government did retain the con fidence of the country. In 1883 when Mr. Eeid had office in the Education Department he had the cost per head of education brought up to 19s 8d, and three years after another Minister (Mr. Suttor) administered the same department with a larger population at a reduction of .£167,440. He thought they deserved credit for their courage in meeting the House while the Premier was away. He did not think it likely the censure motion would be carried, but they were prepared to put up with the consequences. Mr. Eeid, he said, had tried to weld bad feeling between that chamber and the Upper House, and he was surprised that he had been allowed to prejudge the Council regarding the one man one vote question. What right had he to say what he did ? Mr. Black : Th9 right of free speech. Mr. Copeland : The right of free fiddlesticks. It was the hon. member's object 'to irritate the members of the Council to get them to throw the bill out. Because the Premier had tried to get rid of the absurd impression in England that we had locked our doors against people coming and settling here, the hon. member had charged frim in a sneaking and underhand way with holding out inducements to emigration. The allusion to labor-saving machines was a pure fabrication got up for the purpose of securing the Labor party's vote. He asked what legislation the leader of the Opposition had ever accomplished. His policy would be an absolute curse to the working men of this colony. Speaking on the matter of an income tax, he said such a tax had saved England from ruin and destruction, and no better form., of taxation had ever been devised by the brain of man. Yet when it was introduced here it was opposed at every stage, and a proposed tax of 4d in the £ was brought down to Id. In the next Parliament he hoped to see the bill dealt with by men of more intelligence. The bill was never allowed to get ont of commit tee by these gentlemen, who are now clamoring for increased taxation. Where, he asked, was Mr. Eeid then ? He never once opened His mouth or recorded a vote on the subject. The Govern ment also introduced a tax of ^d in the £ on the capital value of unimproved land, but Mr. Eeid never once recorded a 'vote on the measure. Ee garding the chargeB of corruption, and the ap pointments of Messrs. Byrne and Luscombe, the speaker instanced a number of appointments made by the late Government. If it was wrong in the present it was wrong in- the past, and the practice had become almost a law in the country. On the motion of Dr. Hollis the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. ADJOUBNMENT- . On the motion of Mr. See the House adjourned at 11.45 p.m. 