B.A.R. FOOTBALL Queenton Rangers v Caledonians (by onlooker.) . The above teams met in. the return match, on the Caledonian ground on Saturday after- noon before a large number of spectators, some of whom were very enthusiastic. The "Callies were minus Drinnan, their custodian, Rogerson and Kessler changing places, while J. Lauder replaced Murchison in the team, the effect of which the "Callies know best themselves. The Rangers team presented a totally different appearance from last match. Jones and J. Quinn at half-back, Black, Dungavel, W. and. R. Lauder, forwards, were put in to strengthen the team. W. Lauder, through some "unforeseen " occurrence, was unable to play, and Fogg was enrolled as substitute. About half-past 4, Smith, for the Rangers, winning the toss, elected to play with the wind and ground in his team's favor,but with a blazing sun in their eyes. Kessler kicking off the Callies, they imme- diately collared the ball and a combined raid on the Rangers ground was the result, not for long though, as the splendid tackling of the latters half-back division kept the Callies forwards in check. Twenty minutes from the start Black managed to slip No. 1 past Smith; shortly afterwards Dungavel and Lauder notched a second and third one, and Fogg, after a smart piece of dribbling and dodging from a splendid shot secured the fourth goal for the Queenton men, Cook the Callies' full-back, in attempting to head out a throw-in from Quinn off the touch-line, put the ball through his own goal, bringing the Rangers score up to five. When the half time whistle blew the game stood - Rangers, five goals; " Callies," nil. On change of ends it was thought that the Callies" with the wind and ground in their favor would reduce the odds against them, but the leather for a time was kept pretty well in the centre of the field. Occasionally a few stray shots went in to the goal keepers with little effect- About fifteen minutes from time McAllister, the Rangers custodian, in freeing his goal by a drop kick, bounced the ball off McDonald, sending the leather through his own goal, registering one for the "Callies." It is useless commenting on McAllister's carelessness, but it will teach him in future not to be over confident. The game, after this, became a bit more lively, the "Callies" giving the Rangers' backs a lively time of it, Bowers, Rogerson, Brown, McDonald, and Kessler being at times in their play very dashing; in fact, the majority of their team showed really good play, but they seemed to be very unlucky at goal, the ball travelling everywhere but between the posts. When, the referee's whistle went for time the Queenton men had failed to add to their score of five goals, and the ground team had to be content with one. The "Callies'" best men were :-Rogerson, at back, who has a nice, steady, and sure kick; Cook at times played very well, but I noticed him sometimes coming in with his unneces- sary "dig" at the man when ball is gone. Brown and Bowers, at half-back, played a rattling game. McKersie did better in the first half than the second. McDonald and Kessler played a rattling game all through. Hockings also worked well, but. never got enough to do. For the "Hooped Ghosts" Smith, at back, frequently nipped the rushes of the "Callie" forwards. Occasionally he showed his dribbling powers, reminding me of a Clydesdale draught horse tearing down the field. The half-backs were faultless, and in the front division Fogg was the man on the field, his dodging, dribbling, and shooting being greatly admired. With the exception of Black, in the first half, the rest of the for- wards were ridiculously loose in their play. Lauder at times showed good form, but failed to keep it up. I was pleased to see that the game was played in a gentlemanly manner, which reflects the highest credit on Brown and Smith as captains of their respective teams. The "Callies" journey to Towns- ville next Saturday to play the Townsville Football Club. Play unselfishly "Callies," and you will very near win. 