Why Did He Love Her? CHAPTER XIX (Continued). " She is warned. She repeated to me a portion of her conversation with her uncle this morning when they were out riding, and he gave her to understand if Mr. Vane presumes to approach her in the character of a lover, he will not be acceptable to him." "If Fontaine understood her as well as we do, he would never bhae done that. You know that Savella has always been actu ated by the contrary spirit; what we de sired her not to do, she is sure to attempt. Philip Vane now has an interest in her eyes, which he might never have possessed had she been left to herself; and when she learns she can rival this girl, she will make an effort to do so." "-- L , well,: she -csn amuse -herself by: flirting with him, but marrying him is another thing." " I tell you," replied Summerton, " that if she falls in love with him, she will have her way at the risk of her life. With her fortune she would make a brilliant mar riage. It we could get rid of encumbrances we could return to Italy and give her a prince for a husband." "I have already hinted as much to her." "And how did she receive it ?" "She seemed to assent, but she was thinking of something else, she said nothing with reference to it." The following day the family from the Vale came to La Fontaine, and formed their own estimate of the strangers. Aware that such an ordeal must be un dergone, Senora Roselli was solicitous about the appearance of herself and her niece. Her own dress was simple, but rich and becoming, and on Savella's toilette she expended all her skill. An amber-coloured silk, trimmed with black lace, fell in flowing folds to the floor; Roman pearls glittered on her neck and arms; the last were of sculptured beauty. Her hair was braided into a plat fastened at the back of her head with jewelled arrows, and a faint tinge of rouge lighted up her dark eyes. When Isola and Savella entered the li brary, Fontaine arose and laid aside his books. He seemed surprised and pleased as his eyes fell upon his niece, and he said toher: "Truly you take one by surprise. A while ago 1 discovered, you are a genuine nightin gale, and now you come to me almost a beauty. I um proud o myuy little girl, and my rose and my pearl need fear no rivals in the valley." "Thank you," she said. " But I do not wish to be called a rose. I am afraid I am but a yellow one, and the whole race is too ephemeral. If Isola is a gem, give sme as appropriate a name as pearl is to her." "Then you shall be my ruby," he re plied. ?-u.t?.rThat is better; rubies, with their soar "Theo 3myfirIt ift. to you" shall be anset' worthy to be worn- by' the' last desceudsnt of my family." " Oh, uncle Claude, you are too good, and' I promise to try and be all you wish me." He kissed herbrow ; then bestowing the same caress on Isola, left the room to re ceive his guests, who at that moment drove up to the door. Isola.accoimpanied him, hut Savella lin gered in the library till the party was esta blished in the drawing-room, and her aunt and Summerton had been presented to them. As she had anticipated, her uncle came for her, and drawing her arm through his own, with' stately pride bontainie led her into the apartment, and introduced her to his-friends. When-Fanny saw her she could: scarcely repress an-exclamation of surprise, and she thought: " "Goodness I is that the same girl If saw \-- yesterday, looking commonplace enough ? I .declare she: has bloomed: info beauty. Won't cousin Carrie say I was prejudiced-!" Savella found herself the principal object of attention'. Shle replied with ease to the kind? wcords addressed to he'r. Senora -Ro selli and Summerton sustained her, and the incidents-of the day were a triumph to the subtle schemers. When-dinner was over; music.was called for; :Isola, and Fanny sung ballads with" sweetness,- and responded to the request. Savella,.wvith difflidence, declined an in vitation to-the piano, but- when Fontaine approached her, and taking her hand,saiid: ."Come, and let our. friendsenjoy ,the' treat I have looked forward to with plea-i sure," she could no longer refuse. As the first notes of her voice arose, General Berkely and his son came in from the piazza, where they had been talking with Summerton. The party gathered around the performer, listening in silence. " By Jove !" exclaimed the general, at the close of the first song, " that is marvellous ! It throws you all in the shade, Carrie. You and your pupils must hide your heads after .:such music as that." "No," she replied, " we shall do no such thing. Really, we must thank you for an enjoyment that rarely falls to our lot in this secluded valley. Your voice is exqui site, and your execution admirable." "I have had the best masters," Savella replied, "and my fondness for imusic led me to profit by their instructions." "That is easily seen; but pray give us more. Do not attempt to leave the piano yet." Thus solicited, Savella struck into a fan tasia which displayed her skilful execution, and at its close she was petitioned for another vocal effort, There was a bright moon, and at a late hour the guests departed, clarmed with the young stranger, and pleased with her two satellites. CHAPTER XX. HOM 8's DANGER. The fame of Savella's musical abilities penetrated to every house in the valley, and day after-day carriages, filled withl elegantly dressed ladies, escorted by cavaliers, drove up to the front of La Fontaine; and flat teries enough were lavished on the heiress to have turned a much stronger head than hers. During these visits Isola was often made to feel the change in her position, by care less neglect; but many showed that she was worthy of esteem, if her origin was un known, and the smiles of Fontaine had de serted her; for, through Philip Vane's im prudence, it had become well-known in the valley.that the orphan would not inherit Fontaine's fortune. 411 pitied her, a few attempted to pa tronise her, but she was so dignified under this reverse, that all were surprised. But as the days glided away, her cheeks lost their hue of health, and a feeling of lassi tude often oppressed her. Dinner and evening parties were given in honour of the advent of the heiress by every family in the valley, and in inexpli cable weariness Isola dragged herself from house to house unwilling to cloud the en joyment of Savella by betraying how ill she was; for she seemed to have formed a strong attachment to her, and declared that half her pleasure would be destroyed if Isola was not the companion of her tri umphs. At these gatherings they met Philip Vane, and as le looked on the changed ap pearance of Isola, he laid the flattering unction to his soul that his dpsgrtion had not been unfelt. At first Philip seemed shy. of approaching the heiress, but from the moment Savella's eyes rested on his person, she used every coquettish art to lure him to her side: His indifference piqued her, his beauty dazzled her, and when he.laidaside his reserve and ned Th stswith other pretenders to her favour, she was captivated by the fasei. nation of his manners. One of those passions sprung up in the breast of the Italian, and Senora Roselli saw her own fears verified. All the efforts used to prejudice Savella against Philip seemed to have recoiled on those who at tempted to make them. All, the warnings of her uncle; the certainty that he would oppose her union with a man who was not received in his house; all the opposition of the two who wished to retain her under their own control, was of no avail. If Philip Vanie loved her well enough to ask her to become his wife, she declared to her aunt she would brave everything to do so. But Philip had some sense of manliness left in him, and when he had looked on the pale face of the.girl le believed to be fading into her grave because he had deserted her, he felt that it would be base to inflict a new wound when the last seemed to have struck so deeply. He refrained from making a declaration to Savella, though he made love to her with every opportunity that offered itself; he felt secure that no rival could foil him, for he read the passionate soul of this girl, and awaited a more favourable time to ask heri the momentous question-would she be come his wife ? Philip spoke to Savella of her uncle's dis taste to him, and protested that he had lost his favour through no fault of his own. Mr. Fontaine was peculiar, and a misunder standing had: arisen between them.. He confessed that he had once admired Isola, but never till he saw Savella had his heart really been touched. With each hour passed in his society the heart of Savella became more deeply en thralled, till she owned that without him life, fortune, or any earthly good, would be valueless in her eyes. With the skill of a skilful diplomatist, Philip led on this crea ture till he felt secure that in opposition she would give him her hand and fortune when the time for action arrived. He liked her; was flattered by her pre s:tided against his;im =could -not 'make -up his mind to the. last irrecoverable step w'hich his vanity led hinm to believe would prove a death-blow to Isola. The change in Isola's appearance was re marked with pain-by Miss Carleton, andshe came over to La Fontaine and insisted on taking her young friend to the Vale to pass a few weeks. To this Fontaine consented; for in his uneasiness lie was ready to grasp at any change that promised diversion to her mind. It was believed 'that the desolate feeling of which she had spoken to him was killing her slowly, and he hoped much for her from the cheerful companionship of the, family at the Vale. Summerton, who had proffered his medi cal skill, and been employed as her physi cian,'approved of the proposed change. He prepared for her use a vial of drops, which he counselled her to take- three timese within the twenty-four hours, -and Isola promised to follow his directions. ' Savella expressed'lier regret at losing her,' but promised to ride over every day with' her uncle to inquire after her health. Fanny received her friend with joy, and exclaimed : "Now we have you among us I mean to try grandma's specific on you-the ' home bitters' that she used to dose us with when we were children. If it cured us then, it may do as much for you now, and I have a bottle in this room ready for you." Isola smiled, and replied : "Mr. Summerton is a physician, and I have brought a supply of medicine pre pared by.him. "Have his prescriptions done you any good ?" "Not much. The drops seem to exhili rate me for a few hours, but the reaction brings on a weariness and depression that is indescribable." " Then you shall take no more of them while you are with us. Try grandma's elixir, if you love ime." Isola was in that listless state in which she cared little what was offered to her, and she said: "As you please. I don't suppose it makes much difference what I take, for no thing seems to do me good." "But we mean to do you good, and make you well again. Don't talk as if you intend to go from us in the first bloomn of youth. It is too bad, Isola, to see how lifeless you have become;" and the girl burst into tears. "My dear Fanny, I should only be too happy if I could lay aside the dread that has settl?:d on my heart. I confess that it is hard iJ lie in the cold grave at seventeen. But if it is the willof my Heavenly Father, I must submit." "You must not, you shall not die, Isola. Oh I what will become of George when he hears-that you-" She choked, and could not go on. Isola sadly said: "He will feel it, I know; but if I conceal from him that I might have loved him- in the time to come, he will not be inconsol able." " Would you leave him to think that love for that false man wounded you unto death?" asked Fanny. "My dear Isola, give George the consolation of knowing what you have just expressed, if the an guish of losing you by death must be his. The blow will be softened by the certainty thatyour heart had asserted its freedom, and Philip Vane is no longer your ideal of manly excellence." "I do not believe he ever was that to me, Fanny; and now he has lost all power. This is the truth, though my father will not believe it." "But 1 believe it, and I believe that g?andma's skill can rival that of your Ze culapius. Do ou know that if I were it your place I should be afraid to take any thing offered me by those people." "Nonsense, Fanny. Why should they seek to injure me? I beg you will not in sinuate anything so dreadful. His skill is great, and his kindness to me unfailing. To speak the truth, I did not like any of these strangers; but they have improved on a longer acquaintance. I am attached to Savella, and her aunt has been so attentive to me since I have been sick, that I am ashamed of my first distaste to her." But Fanny was still sceptical; she said: "They have everything to gain and nothing to lose by showing sympathy; but if the affection of Mr. Fontaine for you had been less tender, I fancy they would have acted differently. I don't believe in any of them; Savella has more heart than-either of the others, but she is a shallow parcel of vanity, and her head is turned by atten tions to which she is unaccustomed. Have you remarked the manner of Philip Vane to her of late? She has done all she could'" 5to attraot.him.snd'I b?sal:seseo is-rendy to' transfer to her the allegiance he once pro lessed to you." 'He is quite welcome to do so; but Philip will scarcely dare appear before my father with another proposal for his hei ress." "Perhaps he will not think that cere mony necessary.. There are such things as elopements; and if the truth is told about Mr. Fontoine's affairs, his coensent will make no difference in the fortunze hir niece is entitled to claim." This aroused Isola from her apathy, and she gravely said: " My dear Fanny, that is supposing that' Savella lias neither principle nor gratitude. Do not suggest such an impossibility as an elopement. Philip would shrink fromi the' thought of such perfidy toward a ian. who has treated him with kindness' from; his boyhood." " Oh I well, let us waive the subject, Isola, for we shall never agree. Time will prove which is right. CHAPTER .XX. S THE DEMON AT, WORK. Fanny left sthe room and Isola atles a frag mcnt of biscue; and drank a, small portion of the wine. Miss Carleton observed her, while she talked with her. She saw with pain the 'delicate complexion from swhich every bloom had vanished; the weary ýout: look from the large dark -eyes, and'-':e drooping lassitude of the slender figure. After a pause, she said : " May I speak with you, I,.' :, and ad vise you as freely as I did in your, childish days ?" "Surely, you know, to you I always look as my mentor, for next to my father you have been my best friend." " Then suffer me to use the privilege of friendship to probe your heart. !sola, is disappointed love wrecking the promise of a life as I hoped yours would be?, Speaik the truth, and know she whv o ashs the 'question yours " Sorroly to- tyon thugt hat you had always bloomed ?Iini tie sunsliie,? cousin Carrie," said Isohli. "I have'had niy struggle with disaploilnt ment; but I have not permitted it to deo stroy.my.usefulness, nor to mar my enjoy ment of the blessings left to me. But you don't deal firankly will nie." "I can lay: my. hand' on 'nmy heart; and assure you that thle passing fancy I had fuor Philip Vane has nothing to do withll' y ill ness. At first I suffered'; but my feeling'did : not affect my health. There must be some defect in my constitution, which has de reloped itself as: I attained nmaturity. I overheard Mr. Summerton tell my' father ,such is the case." " And is Mr. Fontaine satisfied Mr. Sum merton is a better:physician than Dr.i Siit. eclair?' I wish lie would 'call into see you." 'I am not ill enough to require two phyl sicians, and fasther says there is less safety in such'a course. He has reason to confide in the skill of Mr. Snlmmerton." S",Perhaps Mr. Fontaine is right; but I wish Dr. Sinclair could see you.". Area you sure that jealousy is not lurking in some corner of your heart-for Philip has joined Savella's admirers " "I have declared from the first my ill ness has nothing to do with Philip. If he were to marry Savella to-morrow, I should only feel it as it affected mny father; but he has this idea firmly fixed in his brain, and if I die, I shall have ·the mortification of knowing that those I best love will think I was weak enough to give up life because a heartless man proved faithless,. Oh ! think better of me, for I deserve that you should do so." Her earnestness called a flush, to her cheek, and Miss Carleton drew near her, and said: "1 am satisfied, Isola, that you are not perishing of a broken heart, and I have the hope that we can bring you back to health again. We will lavish such cares on you that you must revive." Eihausted by the short drive to the Vale, Isola went to bed, and soon went into a slumnber, in whlichl she mloaned as if in pain. Miss Carleton maintained hler eatchI beside her, though Fanny came quietly in and placed on the dressing stand the vial she had taken away. Though full of glee at thle feat she had performep, she did not betray what she had done. Every drop of SueIeeertoen's potion had been thrown avway, tile vial washed thoroughly, and spring wtLer substituted. Fannly believed Suemmerton to be a quack, whose plausibility lhad imposed on Mr. Fontaine, and she wondered at his in fatuation in allowing the life of his prol~gd to be risked on his skill. When Isola found her drops restored, site. continued to take them, and the improve ment made in her health by ten days' stay at the Vale she partly attributed to their efficacy. Every member of the family showed the kindest solicitude in hler re covery, and at the close of the second week she had gained strength to ride out. Every day Fontaine came over, accompa nied by Savella, to inquire after her, and he was thankful to see a faint tinge of rose blooming on her cheeks; but Isola observed that a shadow had fallen over him. He was self-absorbed, and she wondered if the knowledge of Philip's attentions to Savella had thus affected him. Fontaine rarely attended evening parties, and when he was present, Philip was careful pot to make his devotion to Savella so marked as tosattract his attention, for it was his policy to conceal his plans from her asele till they were rioe for execution. Isola made efforts to while him from his sadness, but she saw that she failed, though he made an effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting from her, he said: "I must soon claim you again. I can not live without you much longer, and it is my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His expression was so strange, so dif ferent from his ordinary one, that Isola looked at him in surprise. "Nothing opposes my return, father, and if you misa me so much I will go back with you now. I am so much better that I no longer need the care that has been lavished on me." "No, no-not yet-not yet. Remain at the Vale till you are stronger, for-" He kissed her brow, and offering his thanks to'liss Carleton for her kindness to his child, mounted his horse and rode away. Both wore struck with his preoccu ,p dinnner, and:a fear fell on the heart of i eton the some weight was press ,,iheswouldnutbelieyehimss -oapible ofscrime'; if evill id been done,"he must have been the victim with the brother who had so mysteriously perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora Roselli was cognisant of what had occurred in Italy; that she had participated in the scenes which had left such an impression of sad ness on Fontaine. That this woman came to his house for any good purpose she could not believe, but she was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two -hypocrites were consum mating. On the night after Isola's departure, Fon taine was alone in his library, engaged' ins' looking into the state of his affairs prepa rparatory to making his will. A rise in tobacco had` enabled his mer chant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amiounting to ten thou. >sand dollars, he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived he would be able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savella would conic into possession of his estate as the lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on' Isola from her childhood, he would give' to` her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. His head was' bent over a-column of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Theii three raps from beneath the table and the voice so long unheard' breathed almost in his ear : I Claude, I am beside you. I must tell. you how happy I am that you have senoil from you the rival of my child. Let her. stay from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curse to it." Fsitaine was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restored to him full self-. Posse sion. Heexclamed : " Fell and evil spirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt ! I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house unpolluted by your accursed presence !" " Claude ! beware of speaking thus, for I possess the.s 'e'b of life and death over her sns-yod.~ Did you not feel the touch of my ifingers ? I could 9 easily. have stru.k;.youp senseless had Ii osen.to do so. Take my child to your hen t; make her the heiress of.all-all you pbssess, and I will leave you in peace. Act otherwise, and I will fill your house with such devilish revelry that you will be-glad to come to terms." It was Henry Fontaine's voice that sounded in his ear; but the listener felt -that his brother's nature must have become warped in 'the spirit-land to speak thus. And he'firmly said: " Asn evil demon has obtained power over me through my own fratricidal act;. but that you are Henry -Fontaine I will never believe unless I have oscular demonstration to that'effect. If I seeyou with my own eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing less will convince me." "Ho i" laughed the speaker, "with you, seeing is believing is' it? Well-you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his'form rayed forth through the power be stowed on him in the spirit-world. If 'you can bear the sight, I promise to render my self visible to you." Fontaine exclaimed: "Let me sse you this moment. I will ex tinguish the lamp," and he put out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from himn :. " Not yet, Claude. The sight would mad den your brain; for when I do come, it will be as you last saw.ine-dying by your band, Can you bear that ?" Fontaine sank down, pale as thedead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand, said: "Go, away, for God's sake ! Once before your presence near me nearly drove me to suicide. Persist in coming to me anid I . shall lose reason. If you are my brother, you will leave me to bear my burden in such peace as Inow may find." Again that thrilling touch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing voice said: " Adieu. I leave you at your commandt but, if you pay no respect to my wishes, I shall make my presence felt by you again." Thlree raps filled the roomn with their echoes, and Csasar appeared in the doorway with a scared face, and faltered: "Was you a knockin' for me, marse Claude? I were goiu' through de hall, an' heerd de nioise, an' I thought you was taken sick and wanted sullin'." Fontaine lifted hIis white face, now stern with anger, and quickly asked: "How long hIave you been near that door? Have you overheard ann thing ex cept the raps ?" " Fo' de bressed Lord, I hasn't; I'd jest come in to shet up de lhouse for de niight. I hopes you don't s'pect me of spyiln' on you, mar-ter ?" "I should not do so, Caesar, for you have always been faithful; but somethiag strange has happened. I desire you will say no thing of the noises you lhave heard." At that instant another peal was heard, beneath which thie lamp and papers on the table trembled. The negro fell on his knees. He criedout: " G'way from here, you cussed debil dat you must be-g'way. What does ghost esses want in dis house ? Get out'n dis, or I'll make my ole o'man scold you." A smile crept over Fontaino's lips at this absurd threat from thie poor old man. Ha remained standing in the same attitude several moments.listening to any further demonstration that might be made. A man during a lifetime of on yeas. according to apaper recently read before mne Academy of Science, Paris, sleeps away an aggregate of 6000 days, works away the same period, eats away 2000 days, walts away 800 days, is ill during 500 days, and amuses himself with the remainder of his half century on earth. "You have heard of spirit-rapping, Casar, and you'have seen experiments tried here by the young people. There is no thing to alarm you in it. I have witnessed snch things, and no evil came from them. Get up, and attend to closing the house." At this command, the old servant arose : "I ain't used to. such things, marso Claude. I ain't got much gumption, an' an' I is feared to go out'n de hall by my self. Ef dat ar' thing was to foller arter me, an' hammer on de do', I should drop dead." His rolling eyes and dusky complexion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon taine kindly said: "I will go with you, then, but I think the visitation is over for this time. I for bid you to speak of whatyou have witnessed here." "I'll member what you say, marso Claudo, an' I'll try to 'bey you; but I wiahes dat I hadn't heerd nothin' on it myself." .. , house, and saw all the windows and doors closed, As Cesar was leaving Claude, he enteated: - " Don't have nothin' to do wid 'em, marse Claude. Dey is debbils in 'sguise. Ax de bressed Lor' to sen' 'ein back to de place day come from, an' He'll take de cuss away from you." "I have not called the spirits, Camsar; andyou may be sure I shall pray to be de livered from their persecutions." .' Dat's right,' sar; but I hates to see you go back inter dat haunted house all by your self.", "Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight fell upon his face, and Caesar noted the rigid whiteness that had settled on it, the restless fire that burned in his dark eyes. In the open air the old man was no longer afraid; but he saw his master re-enter 'the `house and close the door behind him with a feeling of dread. He listened; but all remained still, and he moved toward his cabin in a state of be ivildermest which did not escape the keen observation of Aggy when he appeared be fore her. ,But to all her inquiries he only replied by deep groans "dat do debbit was to pay in de ole house." "I 'specled as much when dese furrin people got to stay in it," she replied. "But what's happened ?" "Nothin'; only de debbil's to pay, dat's "T ? :'e is to pay, I hope he'll take his debt'iit'n you, you old stupid," was the re tort. "I jes' wish you'd hold your tongue or else talk sense wid it." Coesar obeyed her wish; for ho'refused to speak further, in spite of the cajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted him with being possessed with a dumb devil, to which he ruefully'replied: "A dumb debbil is better'n a talkin' one." "Dat dar's for me, so I'll jes' shet up. But I'll find out0 what has flustrated you so much.in'ssieqy e · iLscoibdjhnn "hlTu1I'do't aoves vmrsa Claude klnows a bigger word dan dat." At length day dawned, and soon, after Cmsar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to the overseer in thq yard. Thanking God that he was still living, the old servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for She duties of the day. CHA'PTIRt XXII. PHILIP VANES UNEARTED. Night after night, throughout Isola's ab sence, the same attemlits were made to ex tract from Fontaine a pledge that she should never return to the shelter of his' roof. . The draft of his will was copied,. and he placed it in his deslk with the original, in tending to go to- Lynchburg and have it en grossed by a lawyer. A few days after wards he sought for them to make some alterations, and bothpnapers were found torn into fragments, whish were scattered over the desk. That night his familiar told lhim he had done it; that he would find means to de stroy every ':instrunient which alienated from Savella any of the property, which was hers. Fontaine liad fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible pre sence, and lie saidz: , ' "I will place my. will where you cannot relach it." c In response a laugh came, followed by the words: "'Try it, Claude, and see if you can find a spot into which I shall be unable to pene 'rate." The will was placed in an iron chest in his room; he carried the key about his per son, yet three days afterwards, when he sought for it, that he might take it with him to Lynchburg, lie found it destroyed. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not been tampered with; but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. A skeleton was sent to his lawyer in Lynchburg with a request that he would have it ready for signature at the end of a week. During the absence of Isola, Savella en deared herself to Fontaine; and accompa nied him in hiis walk to the quarters, and when there shlowed the liveliest interest in the welfare of the people who were to be colne her property at some future day. She appeared to lhave overcome her distaste to them, and the lindness with which she ad dressed them won 'golden opinions. Savella endeavoured to 1111 the place of Isola, and for hours she played and sang to her uncle, who felt the demon exorcised by the spell of imusic., Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hours, and returned depressed in spirits. He yearned for music; but on inquiring for his niece he was told that she was gone out for a walk. After a few turns he threw on his hat, and took the pathway which he had ob served Savella pursued of late when she set out for her afternoon walk. Fontaine had proceeded half a mile with out encountering any one, and he began to think Savella had taken another path, when the sound of voices struck upon his ear. The speakers were sheltered behind a clump of hushes; but a few steps brought the in tiruder in view of the two who fancied them selves secure from observation. Savella was seated in a grape vine chair, formed by twisting the long branches to gether, and at her feet reclined Philip Vane, resting his head against the rustic seat, and holding her hand in his own. He was speaking passionately, and the expression of the girl's face revealed what was passing in her heart. Fontaine read its meaning at one glance, and then itrode forward. Savella uttered a cry, and Philip Isprang to his feet to confront the face that glared on him with bitter contempt. " So-o- Mr. Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an honourable man to enter my grounds without my knowledge and meet my niece in . this clandestine manner ?" Philip recovered his audacity, and he coolly said: "My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental, I assure you. Since that happened, as I was no longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of such chances as offered themselves to see your niece. To-morrow I shouldhave waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accept ing me as her future husband." Fontaine listened to this address with surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: "'rHive7E;r "an thi ' e-ui?ae? Fuii disobeyed my wishes so as to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you would never be acceptable to me ?" She looked up appealingly and faltered: "Oh, uncle Claude, I loved Philip from the first moment I saw him. I know that I have done wrong; but he loves me, and and I will never marry any one but him." Her uncle scornfully said: "Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to believe that lie adores you; but it is not long since lie came to me and professed the same feeling for another. I cannot under stand the facility with which his affections have been transferred from her to you ; yet why do I say so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it but too well." "Philip never loved Isola," Savella ex claimed. "He has told me so, and I be lieve him." A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye flashed over Philip. He retained sufficient self- control to speak calmly. "Miss Fontaine speaks the truth, it was but a passing fancy I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, as it affords me an opportunity I have'desired to express \- my sentiments." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be yond all bounds," said Fontaine. "Do you suppose I am not aware how much your professions are worth? Savella, when this man learned that Isola would not inherit my property, he deserted her; and in this brief space of time he professes to have at tached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if he would not be squally faithless to you if the smiles of for tune should forsake you." "Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded Savella, " do not speak so, for I love him, I tell you ! andI shall din if I am separated from him I No, he neverloved Isola ; he loves only me!" There was such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said : ' Poor child you must suffer" from the z persona'or~a°ýnia ip; ij" iealattrsst· od are his only recommendation. But I must save you from him at all hazards." Then, turning to Philip Vane, he' went on: Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you, it is the know ledge that in this underhand manner you have attempted to win your way into my family. I decline accepting you as a suitor io my niece, and believe she will be in. duced to listen to reason, and give up a man who seeks her for her worldly advantages alone." "Speak," said Philip : "Shall it be so ? Your inheritance is your own; and I am sufficiently independent in fortune'to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whicnMr. Fontaine has imputed to me. I love you; you are aware of the real nature of 'the obstacle that lies between us; and you have seen that Isola now regards me as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, for on your decision rests our future relation to each other." His eyes .were fixed on her-she made a step forward, laid her hand in his, and said: "Philip, I believe in the nobility of your soul, and I willlove you to the end. Oppo-' siton will only strengthen my resolve to be yours through all." " You hear, sir," said Philip. But Fon taine drew Savella away from him, and held her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," he said,," I am respon sible for the welfare of my brother's child till she has attained yearisof discretion. To you I will never surrender a cent till that time expires; and I forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does not discover how false are your professions of love, she will possess little of the foresight of the race from which she sprung. Good evening. Come, Savella, we are far from home." He would have drawn her away, but she sprang toward Philip, and exelaimed with passionate fervour : " Oh! my Philip--my adored-bhjievehim not. My heart will never separate from you. We shall find means to meet., we shall be happy yet." "I believe so, Savella, my future wife, he responded; and when Pontaine drew Sa vella from his embrace, he said: "You see, sir, howu useless opposition will prove. She lovues me with all the ardour of her southlern blood, and I promise you to be agood hu:band to her." He encircled S?avella with his strong arm, and supporteJ. her faltering steps as he moved away with her. Sho looked at Philip as long as it was possible to do so, and the expressioi of her eyes conirsmed what her lips uttered. Philip watclhed them a few moments, and then a smile broke over his lips. He muttered: "I have paid you back for yonr insulting dismissal of miy pretensions to Isola. That girl will do what I bid her; I hold her fate in my hand, and be it happy or miserable, she shall yet become my wife."' He strode to the tree to whielc his horse was fastened, and dashled off in the direc tion of Dunlora to tell his mother how he had sped in his wooing. CHAPTER X.XIII. SaVei.L5 iEF IvrNT. Fontaine nmoved in tie direction of the house, sustaining Savella; but afterproceed ing a distance she extririated herself from his arms, and said: " I am able to walk alone. I do not wish to be too burdensome to you. He regarded her in sorrow as he said: "I have .ver felt t1lat you are a burden to es. r have induli'ed the hope that you would pr-le a blessing to me; but what I have witnessed has "so rhakten my faith in yeou, that I dive misgivings for the future." S (r's,w',iy.-.f , Pagep 4.) 