Chapter XXV. On the morning of the day on which Dom set out for London young Redwood rose early after a sleepless night. In middle age a slight anxiety may rob a man of his slumbers, but it takes something serious to make the night of a wholesome lad of 23 altogether feverish and un restful. He had counted the stoke3 of the village clock as it struck the quarters and the hours and had faced a thousand phantom3 before the grey dawn glimmered on the window blind. Before the day had well declared it self he rose and dressed in stealthy quiet, fear ing to disturb his mother, and having foraged for a glass of milk and a crust, took up jus gun, thrust a double handful of cartridges into_ his pocket, and strolled towards the Weybridge Woods, less with intent against the rabbits there than to give his mind a chance of clearing itself in the fresh air of morning from the vagabond fancies of the nighc. For a landowner, a man of exceptionally old family, and a Tory, Mr. Weybridge had one remarkable characteristic. He was an ardent opposer of the game laws and steadfastly re fused to preserve his shooting, and ever siuce George had been of an age to carry a gun he had bad the freedom of wood and warren. So far as the rabbits were concerned his license lasted all the year round and constant practice had made him a dead shot. He had nob walked far when the faithful Sam appeared in sight and at once attached himself to the young favorite a3 a matter of course. Sam was an early riser by old habit and always smoked his first pipe in the op an air, unless held in doors by extreme stress of weather. When the first greetings were over George ' showed himself indisposed to talk, and Sam yielding obedience to nis mood they rambled on in silence. The rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but George threw away half a dozen chances and missed two or three easy shots. " Here, Sam," he said at length, handing the gun to his companion ; " you'd better try your hand. I'm no good this morning. I don't feel as if I cared about it." Sam recalled his own sensations in early courtship, when 'Tilda had chosen to be too coy or too exacting. Too much disposed in one way or another to test the limits jjof her power, and he came to the conclusion thab Miss fietheridge had been " playing up" with her sweetheart. "That'll be all right in a day or two," said Sam, within himself, "but it's nasty and un pleasant while it lasts." He grew very keen on the shooting, which was a rare form of sport with him and soou forgot to notice his comrade's dejected manner. When he bad rolled over half a dozen rabbits, the sound of a gun not far away reverberated through the woods and George took back his own piece. A rabbit darting across the path a moment later he fired. _" Hullo!" called a hearty voice at some little distance. "Who's out there-:" "I don't know thab voice," said Sam. "Who is it ?" 111 don't know it either," Redwood answered, but he shouted back in answer to the hail. A crackling noise was heard as of some heavy body forcing its way through the dry under growth. It came nearer, and by-and-bye an unusually portly gentleman, elderly and white of beard, but florid in complexion and with eyes as bright as a bird's, stepped out upon the path. He stared at Redwood almost as if he had seen a ghost. "Upon my soul," he said, as if to himself, "I never saw such a likeness in my life. You've forgotten me, I suppose, young gentle man?" "Ho, indeed, Sir Eustace," Redwood an swered. "By Gad," said the baronet, shaking him warmly by the hand, "I should have known you anywhere. I should have recognised you in the middle of the great Sahara. Such an extraordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen. You're your father over again— even to the little bits of side whisker," he added, moving his head from side to side a3 his keen eyes took stock of George. "My mother tells me so," Redwoodans wered, "but a little miniature we have at home tells quite a different story." "Well," said Sir Eustace, "I'll back your mother against the miniature. You're out early," cried Sir Eustace in his jolly way " So am I. I like to taste the day when it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't much use to me," he continued, holding out the weapon he carried. "Stock's too long. Can't get the confounded thing to my shoulder. And how are you and how's your mother? I gob down last night," he went od, without waiting for a reply to these queries. "I heard you'd called, but I was chatting with my sister at the time. And how's old Dom ? Good chap, Horn. Knows his business. Wey bridge gets all the prizes now. I did when old Dom was with me. Fiist rate fellow, Dom." He fixed his keen eyes on Potter. " I've seen you before somewhere." "Well, you have, boss, and that's a facb,' Sam answered. "I thought so," said Sir Eustace staring at him. " Where was it ?"_ Sam gave him a mysterious, sidelong motion of the head to indicate that he would rather answer this question in private. Redwood ob serving this strolled a few pace3 away, and Sam with a repetition of the sidelong motion and throwing in a mysterious wink with it, led .Sir Eustace in an opposite direction. " The young boss has never been told about it," he whispered, "and I don't want him to know. Him and me's been mate3 ever since he was that high. I was brought up before you," said Sam leaning forward and breathing hard into the baronet's ear, "on suspicion of his father." Sir Eustace started back in a momentary astonishment. "Ah," he said, "I remember now." He looked Sam up and down in some wonderment at the respectability of his appearance. "And what are you doing here?" "Well, it's this way, boss. I'malivin' on my income." "Oh," said Sir Eustace dryly, "you're one of the local gentry, are you ?" . " They call me a gentleman on the voting . list," Sam answered with a perfect simplicity, " but that don't make a heap o' difference. "I don't set much store by it anyhow. It doesn't make much difference in the price o' tea, does it, boss?" "As I seem to remember," Sir Eustace answered, " tea was nob your beverage when I made your acquaintance." ".It is now though," Sam returned, "and has been this many a year. It's like this, you know -" "Well, I'm glad you've reformed," said Sir Eustace, cutting him short majestically. " It was drink that led you into that scrape, my good fellow." " Right you are, boss," Sam assented warmly. "Eight yon are. Bub it was like this, yon know " "Redwood," Sir Eustace shouted and marched off after the youngster somewhat im politely to Sam's way of thinking. George paused till the baronet overtook him, and Sam following sauntered in the rear. "You've taken your degree?" said Sir Eustace. He looked with evident admiration at the stalwart well set up young fellow beside him. " Trinity Hall, I think they said. And now what are you going to do with yourself?" " I mean to make a civil engineer," George answered. " I'm off to Liege in a week or two to get an insight into the practical part of the business." " That's well," said Sir Eustace. " Nothing like having an occupation if you wish to be happy. I've been obliged to pub up with hobbies all my life. A profession would have been the making of me. What are you doing to-day ?" George confessed that he had nothing special on hand. "TheD," said the baronet, "come and break fast with me. Seven o'clock's my time. Wey bridge won't be down till eight, and I shall be lonely. Directly after breakfast I'm going to have a shy at some of those giant carp in the park pool. Come and join, and we'll make a merry morning of it." "Thank you, Sir Eustace," said the young ster, "I will with pleasure. I must let my mother know where I am, but Sam will see to that for me." He turned to Potter, who was lounging tranquilly in the rear, pipe in mouth. "I'm going to breakfast with Sir Eustace Wyncombe, Sam," he said. " Will you call as you go home and let my mother know ? And, by the way, I'll tell you what you might do for me. You might go into my room and get my fishing tackle. I shall want—" and here he ran into details of rod, line, and bait. Sam accepted the commission with alacrity/ "You'll want somebody to punt you about, Master George," he said. "I'm the man for that job." "If Sir Eustace pleases," George returned, and the baronet offering* no opposition the arrangement was made. (Hole continued.} 