Fernbrook's Double. Romance of Maoriland. CHAP#RXiiL--CoN'riN(jED. ? ? . , o— ——' Br Atiia WKarnuity. Overhead the myrtle stands out greon and fragrant, from whioh comes the veapor of;mauy birdi. The novelist has anchored himself by the side of the young' , fCorvKiaH*?.J lady during. tha. walk, and has playod Romeo liko a man who haa a p trt quito unsuited to him. He haa carried; on a fusilade of small talk, without oven so much aacu?ting a glance at her to autisfy himself whether she is fair or dark, tall or short. When ho does look at her, ho is surprised, at the wondorous charm and beauty of her person. To a man of Lyndhurat's enthusiastic yearning for the beautiful, a handsome woman had its attraction; but his admiration went no further than the mere gratification which beauty over gives to the eye of an artist. In Maud Carlington, however, he found himself face to face with something kvlicr and noble than common beauty. To one who imagined he had turned the world inside out, liko an old glove, and found nothing of freshness or innocence in it for him, tho sight of this fair, pure, girlish face, looking up nt him in guiltles? enjoyment, mado him draw a deep breath of gladneas, as if ho folt himself in a purer atmosphere than the air of his every day exi?tcnoc. The complexion is not fair, but has that fresh bloom which comes of an open-air life ; the eyes are groy, bo dark that, till they turn and moot his own, Alton thinks thorn black ; tho hair darkest brown and superabundant, for the thick plaits coiled closely at tho head aro innocont of padding. Franker, fairer faco never Biniled upon mankind. No dangerous fascination hero—nothing of tho siron or the coquette in this young English maiden—no " history " in her glad young life. The novelist haa plenty of time to study the face of hia companion as they wend their way over the heights ofSanto Carlo. As a weaver of romance, he is naturally a student of humanity. He look? at this girl thoughtfully, almost leverently. To his fancy sho aeema the vory spirit of rustic innocence—not the innocence of the milkmaid, or shepher dess, but of a damael of lofty race, simple os Perdita, high-brod aa Rosalind, Sho iB certainly beautiful, more abso lutely beautiful tliai\ ho had believed hor at first. The dark, rich hair, which wavos a littlo at the temples; tho pencilled eyebrow, tho noble modelling of the mouth and chin might satisfy tho moat exacting critic. There is mind in that young faco. "I was ao pleased to hoar irom Mr. AVarne, that you are Mc Mr. Lyndhurst," BhO?aid, somewhat slowly. " tho author whose books have given ua so much, pleasure." The novoliat pauses, surprise depicted on every feature of his faco. " I was not aware that my poor effus ions had travellod so far," he responds, quietly. '' I am proud to think that our antipodean ideas are worthy of poraual, howevor." "Fame like truth, will have place," sho answerod gaily. " By tho way, do you know a cortuin Colonel Lingrove of Mount Tapca V" " Know him ! Why tho colonel is oue of my most intimate frienda I" cries tho other. "110 is also'my uncle," replies Maud Carlington. " For some yoars we havo had uur regular monthly mail from tho Mount." " With all its New Zealand gossip, nownapors, magazines, etc," interrupted Alton, laughing, "Truly so. Mamnia, who ia a tre> mendous reador, dovoura a box full of literature evory mail. I know she ia not fond of 110V0I3 generally, bat alio read your Fenulule Home twice over, and Avas ao delighted Avith it that I, being a avo man, and having a woman's reigning vice—curiosity— muat noeda peruae it, aa a mittci of courso." "All! if vanity had away with mo, I should bo tempted to say that the pervail iiy malady of women had smitten mo, Miss Cirliii-jtou," ho answered, bunter ii'ljly. " Men aro always curious to know—l mean especially literary man— what reooption the airy creations of their brains may havo at tho hands of thoso who read nnd attempt to anatomise them." Sho turns a shy, upward glanca at him, half serious, halfaroh. " I cannot lay claim to any subtle dis union in tho matter of fiction," sho nys, quietly. ; " Your story ij not like tho majority of tlva books which I havo read." "Why, prayl 1 ' "Because the characters appear so teal and lifo-like. Men and women who have suffered and sinned, and tho sinning nud the suffering, with its briof alternate gleam of sunshine, aro so vivid, that whon you have reached the end of it all, you ?y down tho work and wonder whether 'his can bo purely imagination." . Alton Lyndhurst opens wide his oyei ?? astonishment. Wore it not for the E'W, girhsh expression on hor youn?, ?re?h face ho would accopt her words aa groatoat flattery. I did not know that young ladiea of tho Present day - with thoir achoola, tor village poor, their houso ""ping, gardoning, church going, operas 111 nhat '""-had timo to study modoru 'omance," ?><? answer*., after a long "Perhaps it is because of one'a "umorous duties that a lu iot hour' S read ?pond's m ? r <\- enjoyable," aho re dn'lA'!.' 5 . 1i83 Carli "Bt?n, you live only to ? at ?*N. My ambition is but ffin a ahred of fame for myself. How Borry a business mino, in comparison," he flays, with a deop aigli. No surer, straighter Avay to a woman's heart than self' depreciation. Maud Car- Hngton turns a look at hia thoughtful face. 1 From that moment she is interested in him. .. ?' Fume haa been, and ovor will bo the nobloal ambition of man," she responds, withjuaa tbo faintest tinge of a blush rising to her Uco. " Who would bo great amongst tho mass save thoae who had aspirod to fame ?" . "Triw, yet there ia no higher nrnno than Grace Darling's ainon** Englishmen. This lady owes her renown to hor heroic acts, not to genius. Uome,"said ho with a bitter laugh, "yon were praising my book just now: Would you liko to have written it}" ?'?' Nay," Bhe answers, raising hor can did oyes to his. "Tohave written such a book, I must havo suffered—must have the agony and the throes of some groat sorrow. Providence haa given mc a happy life among good peoploi.. I would not have your genius at the cost of your experience." Alton Lyndhurst laughs outright. " To bo a goad delineator of human nature, ono must know tho worst Bide of it V he asks, evasively. "A painter must first receive the im pression of his picture, e'ro hia brush translate it on tho canvaa. It is juat tho sains in letters as in art," she answers. " Then you do leave a margin for im agination ?" " Yes, but I ever boar in mind the old adage that ' truth ia stranger than fie - tion.' Your work of puro imagery ia as a body without a Bqul, a lamp without light." "lam amazed, Mias Carlington,'' ho says, with a smile. "Do you believe. Tennyson really felt the depths of Borrow depicted in hia nierd " In Memo riam." "Why not?' 1 ahe asks, with a frank look full upon kia face. " AVIIO ahall measure tho petulant grief even of a child. The reason why I lovo to road the poet lauerato ia because I feel better and braver after it, for he raiaea the whole tone of one's being. I believe tho greatest aid to Tennyaon'a goniua has been hia sympathetic suffering with man kind." Alton sighs, and is silent. In abstracted mood he follows hts fair companion wherever she may load. Thoy go slowly downward into a vor dant hollow Avhere tho ruins of an old temple—lichen darkened with mosses and ferns hides its mouldered stones. By the ruined column thoy cross a rustic bridge, and stray far along the bank of tho watercourse—yellow with rushoa, watcr liliea, and a profusion of forget-me-nots, pink and blue. Hero .they talk of many things, of books, of pictures, eminent men, beauti ful women, and lastly of Maud Carling ton herself. Sho is an only child, the last of a raco who own Heath Grange, an old placo away down in the AVeat Riding of Yorkshiro— half monastery, half castle. Tho great Gothic pile ia like a royal palace, shut iv by donee foreat lauds, which shelter in thoir recesses the dun doer, and the groy borons by its pools. Around its ancient ivalla, the rents made by tho pelronels of tho Ironsides are still visible Beforo tho PlantagenetB tho Oarlingtons of Heath Grange hold high office in the State. In tho olden days tho Grange had born the storm, and basked in the sunshine of tho over-revolving wheel of fortune. High nobles had made it the audience plac.! for kings. One of its rooms had held the captive quoe-a—Mary Stuart. It had been tho favorite haunt of Court beauties whore they had read the last bon mot of my Lord Rochester. Tho late descendant of the old Norman family, Cecil Carlington was a colonel of tho Lancers, and the boat swordsmin in the Britiah army. He poriahod in Sjindo, at tho head of hia regiment, whilo Maud was only an infant in long clothes. Tho old Grange had beon deeply mort gaged e'er Colonel Carlingtoa's time, and was now to pasa away for ever into the hands of strangers. " And the old house will see you no moro," says the novelist. " No moro!" echoes the girl, with a far off look in her dark oyo3. " From hence forth Now Zealand ia to be our home. My mother has given a promise to join hor brother at Mount Tapea." "Do you go at once," asks Alton Lyndhurst. ? "Notyflt! My uncle will join ua at Naples. Wo aro journeying thither to await him," Bhe responds. Thoy are interrupted by another bovy of tho party, who join them, and the wholo make thoir way to the placo appointed as thu rendezvous. By tho timo they have had another ro froshor of ton it is quite dark—but up comos tho round, full imon, ai fie Prince had depicted, to light thorn homo. Tlio walk is delightful. The old gables of Ddl Grade appear in view much too Boon for some of thorn. "Good night, Mr. Lyndiiu-at." "Good night, MisaCirlington." And so ondod a day Avhich had boon all too delightful and was destined to bo fraught with undroimed-of results to more thau onu of tho party. The novelist is tirod, but ho does not retire to rost. Tlio morning found him musing—pondoring yet. Ho Avill soo hor again—Miud, of the roso gardon— with hor clear cut faco, not proud, but swoot. Ho can fancy such a face growing hardened with pride— growing fixod as marblo wore her mind outraged, the strong aonso of right uasailcd, or tho contempt for moanne3s once aroused within her. Ho has boon with hor but half a dozen ahort hours— nay, not so much. Yet the knowlodgo of her character has crowded into his ut most hoart, to be thero rooted, as if he had known her aU hia life,.' 778 I CHAPTER XIV. AT last. Peter Dusk, the deteotive, sat in hia room overlooking tho Grand Canal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It-Avas his invariable practice to smoko furiously whilo working out any muntnl problem. It must have been a knotty point at issue, for though it was early morning, he had consumed Boyeral Manillas over the subject, and that subject avus none othor. than tho escapo of a madman from tho asylum of a private madhouse in tho city. By that quoar method known best to his caste, of tracking crime audits perpetra tors through... ihoir manifold labyrinths, Poter Dusk had found his man, only to lose him tho next day. It seemed strange indeed that Fern brook, Miiuprat, or Avhatover name tho master of tho Barrier Hock wns known by, should bo discovered in a mad-house in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no explanation as to how he had discovered the clue that led his steps to tho asylum. I It was sufficient for him that ono of 'the lunatics theroin was the person ho had tracked half round tho known globo. There was no mistaking the original-to the photograph, which' had guided the officer all through his long patient Bearch; the simplest noodlo would havo recog nized the likeness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his country man to set him freo, but tho detec tive only shook his head in affected pity. Onco without the walls of the mad house, Dusk hugged himself iv momen tary triumph. At last ho had run his man lo earth—had him safo under lock t and key. To-morrow liU employers ?should see Fernbrook fjr them selves. They went on the morrow—AVarne, Lyndhurst, and the smiling terrible limb of the law. But he thoy went to see had gono—osoaped, aud left not tho ghost of a clue behind him. The soeptical novelist laughed at tho whole affair. "I'm afraid you've been working too hard in this caso," my friend," lie said in a kind way to tho crest fallon runner from Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admire tho tact and skill displayed in your trac ing tha doings of Fernbrook and his t'rioudB, but whan you affirm that ho i 3 here, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to differ with you. Except Hilton Fern brook has the poAver of Asmodous at his back, andean transfor himself from one hemisphere to another with tlio speed of thought, I cannot soo how it is possible he can be in this city. Besides did not the Master of Del Maddilino say this self samo person had been confined thero for ovor three yoars 1 Huav can you reconcile that statement with your theory that the poor wretch was tho Master of Fern brook ?" Poter Dusk disdained to argue, but ho ransacked the old Venetian oily from St. Mark to El Perdo for the escapee. It was of no avail, howovor; thoro svaa no more cine to be had of him than if tho earth had gaped and Bwallowod him up. When all tho questioning nnd search ing wa3 ended.Peter Dusk had gouo ovor to Dol Grade for further ordera, but Wurno and his cjmpanion had departed for London. So the detective smoked and reflected, and tho moro ho smoked and cogitated tho more puzzled he became over the whole affair. " That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right alter all," ho muttered, apostrophis ing tho tabic "I don't see how a man can possibly bo in two places at tho same timo. They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still in New Zsaland—was at the opera a matter of only six woeks ago. How then can the man whom I saw in tho madhouse bo ho? Yet, if this is a strik ing likeness of thu mm I was sent after, I'll swear tho escaped lunatic is either the devil or tho convict Mauprat. Humph ! let mo think !" There Avas no one to hinder him think ing out tho question in all its subtle bearings, and it toilc him somo timo ero he was woary of it. Tho little marblo clock over tho mantle pieco chiming noon aroused him. " Ah, avoll, I can't soe myAvaynow," ho reeumod, in that quaint fashion of talking to himself. " I'll not givo in though, not I. If that madinnn bo alive and abovo ground, I'll find him—though I don't believe ho'a a bit mad. A crazy fellow would not havo acted or spoken as he did. It's no use staying hero. Tlio f lloiv'j an Englishman and he'll make for London. All sons and conditions of men hide themselves either there or in Paris. If ho goes to one or the other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pick up and bo off aud try London first." It does not take him long to put his docision into execution. A stuain-jr is found ready for sailing, and Peter Dask takes a pasiago iv her. It is a cold,windy evening that finds him on the slippery pavement of tho Strand. Instead of wundiug hia way to tlio offico of the Minorio3, the detective goes straight to his lodgings in Inidgato,' and conies forth again within tho hour quite transformed iv outward appearance. Calling a cab ho drives towards Temple Bar. "If this mm's in London, he'll havo a peep at the theatre,' 1 ho Bays to himself. " Rogues or luiutins, it's all tho same. Aa soon as they're lot out of tho cago, they 1 aro drawn to tho playhouse as if by mugic. I'll begin with the theatres." j Dismissing the trap, ho walks down to tho Adelphi, and paying his shilling as cends to tho gallery, wharo ho can soo almost evory poraon in tho houso. A few minutes suffice to convinco him that tho escaped madman ia not amongst the audiouoo hero. From tlio Adelphi Potor Dusk goes to Drury Lino. Instead ot moua.i.ig tho gallery ho takes a scat in tho dresa circlo, and looks round at tha vast 00a of hoads and facea crowding the place. Aivay out yondor noar tho stago, in the pit, tho detective auddoiily sees the man )ie ia looking for. Thero is no mistaking that proud, dark Spanish-like face, with the short cropped black hair and moustache. Tho man is leaning indolently against the stage-box, (yot deeply intent upon tho performance), and is dressed iv a suit of sober tweed. Bofore tho scene is concluded Poter Dusk has taken a seat beside tho man in the pit, and-has satisfied himself beyond tho smallest shadow of a doubt that ho is the escaped lunatic from "Del Madi lino." "Fino play, my friend." The man turns and looks tho Scotland Yard runner full in tho faco. "It ia a grsud performance," ho re sponds olowly, and in a rich manly voice, that had a tono of melancholy in it. " But it is badly mounted. In Franco thoy attend to those things more so than in England." "You ore not a Frenchman, sir V "No," replied the stranger, smiling. " Nor yet an Englishman ; I may say that I am a cosmopolitan, having ' travrlled some,' as they say in America." "Are you an American ?" " You are curious, my friond," aaid the other, good-humouredly. "In France, and even in tho United States, they have a rulo in society called etiquette, which means that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you that I have none. I ropoat, lam a cosmopo litan.'' " Beg pardon," said tho detectivo, hastily. "It struck mo I had seen you beforo somewhere." " You wora a stricken door, my friend, for thinking so," responded the other. "Wo cannot possibly have met be fore." "I think we have," criod tho detec tive. Thero was a swift flash in tho black eyes, as thoy turned Avith sudden and suspicious look to the face of the speaker. "Indeed, sir! Where?" ho asked, quickly. " Havo you courago to acco.jpany mo to tho vestibule, and I will tell you there !" " Why not toll mc hero ?" replied tho other with somo disdain. " 1 havo a reason,, wliiuh I will give you also, if you will adjourn with mo." "Pray, lead tho way ; I am at your service." Not another word was spokon until the pair reached a small room, adjoining the saloon bar. "Now, sir," Baid tho stranger, "soating himself. "Tell mo whero you nnd I have mot before." "At the Del Madilino, in the city of Venice," cried Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gone through the body of tho man, thon and thero, ho could not have evinced greater Burpriso, Ho Btared at tho detective in blank amaze ment for fully a minute. "Pray, Avho are you?" ho said, at length. "I may answer after your fashion, and roply, I'm a cosmopolitan." "You saw mo in a mad-hOUBe in Venice ?" asked tho ether in a vacant way. " Yes! tho Del Madilino, a privato asylum, governed by one Dr. Dotti Nico lino." , -, Thi other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsive clutch. "It is not many days since I was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicoliui's establishment. I saAV you thero." " I remember you now," responded I the other, after a pause, in which ho had recovered from hia surprise. "You have disguised yourself, but I recognizo your voice." " I'm glad of that," said the detectivo ' coolly. " Now tell mo lioav you escaped from Del Madilino ?" j Tho man laughed. "Still inquisitivo," ho said, with mild irony in his tone. " Aro you interested my friend?" " Perhaps." " Well the story is too long, and I'm not in the humor to talk much." " How if I land you in gaol, end send you back to Vonice ?" inquired Dusk. "My good air, you are evidently in a fog respecting tha law of England con corning lunatics, answered the stranger Avith a smile. " First, you will have to prove that I am insane ; Becond, that I escaped from a mad- house." ? " Did you not escape ?" "That. Ib another qnestion, my friend." Peter Dusk reflected a moment. He felt that he had no lunatic to deal with in the person of this stranger. " What if I Bond for Dr. Nicolini, and prove your identity ?" aaid tho detec tive. "The mad doctor cannot prove my identity. Besides ho dare not sot foot in London." "Dare not!" ?' I repoat— dare not." . " Why, pray ?" iuquired Dusk. "My friond, questions seem to be your forte, but I am not inclined to answer them. If you have any business with mc, pray oomo to it at.onco, for. I wish to sco the play out." "Do not bo in a hurry," said Dusk, placing his back to tho door. "Do you knoAv who I am ?" " No, nor do I care." "I am Peter Dusk, from Scotland Yard." "Indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what ia that to mo?" "Do you know this photograph?" ro* plied tho othor, handing him a carte-do vitiito. The Btrangor took it, and held it to the light. Aa ho looked at tho picture, thero came into hia eyes a strange expression j impossible to describe. | Peter Dusk watchod bia face as a tigor j doo3 ita prey.—To be Coktihvkd.F 1) 11 