CHAFPTERI XLVIII.-Toc TowEis Goo.e UP ron IIts LaST ExAxNIxATI?o. It was about the middle of January. Thomas Iackbit lay in Jumley cemetery ; and in the windows of hie house was a notice, "To Let." No one had made any search for Kezlah. She was missing, and Elworthy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. Tho house of Rimmon was disgraced. Mr. limpler had been engaged by Mr. Rimmon, and was now residing in his house. Thd baby was there, too; andW ilsonhad come to nurse him, at Mr. Rimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack. bithad leftno will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. timmoe had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her infirm state formed a principal reoason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging Wilson. Afr. Rimmon'e hair had grown very grey, and-he walked with a slower step, with his head bent. forward, andh shoulders stooping." But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self-yes, a ghost even of her changed self-entered the gate of The Hrollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, and flew to open the door. Keziah full into her arms, crying hysterically, "I have come, Mand, like a beggar. to beg shelter, I have no pride left now, LManud." . laund hal carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own KHrzy. In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Mand, fitting hither and thither, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When KeRzah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where were all the short curls gone t The hair was shorn quite close to her bead. And her cheeks, how sunken they were ! Mad had placed her-. self so that the head might rest against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon It, and re mained crammped in one position fur nearly two hours, rather than weke her darling. Then Kezinh opened her largo startled eyes, and said pleadingly and quickly-"Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I have nowhere to go to," Then she recollected herself, and said, " Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in thehospitalagain. Oh, Maud," she cried, flinging her arms about her frie?d's? "how?g L am it is trau.l an Then Ehrlzih ~dretv6 1 lo ked into her friend's eyes inquiringly. "Io you know?" sha asked. "1Lave you heard !" "Dearest Kizy," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach you "fteproach me?" said Keziah looking ruzzlea. "Well, yes, I did provoke ;hini but I am repentant now, Maud; 1 will go back to, him and beg his forgiveness.". ras it posible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead? It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her conversation. She might know nothinig. . "Kizzy," she said, taking the worn face between her hands-the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its .patho-"' Kizzy, you will never go back to your husband," Kezialh started, not at the word sehe' had heard, but at the tone. She looked for more, and did iot speak,' "Kazzy," my own love, you are free; your husband is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. "Oh. that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended so." And she sobbed alond.. ' SMaiud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She was weepingbecausenshe believed her. friend had fallen. "Kizzy," she said in her ear, "at least if you did go away with him, you have lefthim now." Keziah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. "I-go away with him, Maud ! Who dares to say it?' Maul only cried, "Thank God! it is not true.'.' "True, Maud:" said Keziah. "No: I have sunk low, but not so low as that." " Oh, Kizzv, forgive me for having believed it." said sIaud humbly. " But you see it looked so much like it, that you and he should both disappear." "Ha ..diisappear!" exclaimed ,Keziah. affrightedly. ' Is he not in Leamington th~nu " "N]o he has never been heard of sines that night. Your brother Jubal came in here 'and told me all abOut it ''? Ktziah looked vair ggJe'Ea!RtLutoit~iQ ýi"iIhB thenus if audiftrddol'roeoEuesrfO,' - Whlire is your husband, -M u. "He is In London, Kiizy. being examined. We will not'tulk of him, If you don't mind. And now, Klizzy, had not you hotter go to bed ? I don't think you should talk any more to night." "But I must know one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father'sl" "Yes, and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, "Then I think I will go to bed. Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Maud and Koziah awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. " Whatever can it be ?" said Maud; and she flung onber dressin -gown and went out. But though she searched the house all through, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of any kind to account for the noise. Still the souind .had been so loud and of so startling a character, that neither of them could aleep again, so they kept their light burning and tnlked. Keziah related to her friend how she had wandered along the road to Wover hampton in the nighttime, and then howabreak came, and she could remember nothing untilshe awoke in one of the wards of the Wover hampton Hospital ; and she was told she had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out, they had given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again; and Maud remained awake. The sound she had heard had been exactly like the smashing of thehall;lamp by something falling upon it. When daylight came she was glad indeod to'eld a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. ' Row early the post' is this morning," she thought.. It was not a letter: itwas a telegram. She swayed and fell, crying, in a suffocating voice, " M iydarling's dead, he's dead." .?ziah,. weak though she was, gained her aide, picked up and read the telegram Yes, ho'wat dend. Mind lost her consclousness entirely. And whenat last she'came to herself, it was only to cry, "He is dead I and now he will never learn to love me again."" She became so ill theta servant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obainood-rest. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Maud wept in com pany. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars eame. Tom Towers had passed his examine. tion, and had gone to hls?otel: and right up to his room, which was at the top. And by acci dent, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smashing the hall lamp by his fall. Inside was a letter adireseed in his hand writing to his wife. "Read it, Kizzy" she said, ' for I cannot.,' Kizzy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror la her face:- "I have passed my examination, Maud "my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to. night. Shall I tell you why? Ican bear life no longer. It was I who committed themurder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to have died and never tuld you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming from me. The money I have had from you at different times has been to purchase the silence of a man who saw me commit the deeed. "And now with my last words I beg you to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, I know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I am sure you will. "Youn HsAnTnnoKEN HInsuan." Keziah did not show this letter to Msud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, due to over.excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. 