HOW SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION ?" THIS Now, which is the worse—to have 110 appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one Hide or the other of this (jucstiou. Wliou "good digestion wait9 on appetrk! and health ou both," that in the ideal attitude of a persou towards hia meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; wo either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to Battel'y it. Different folk will answer this quotum differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, 1 was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against tket nourishment he lived on! If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 1 changed my work fram railway porter to signalman. 1 had been Bignalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their tlavour; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to hare nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then l was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meala. He adds that there was what he calls a " pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the isweat trolled toff him. "1 dreaded.' he •ays, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for 1 was afraid to eat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, ncr- •OUB condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the IOHS of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the lifo bearer), his unstruug nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work' for I had a wife aud family derBuffered for over two years is past my nding on me. So 1 struggled on, but what powers of description, i am sure uo one has •affered BO much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbors pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience,! only we dont happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to :read in a book of a case exactly like his own having -been cured by Mother 8eigel's Syrup. " My wife," he •ays, got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaif's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. 1 should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been .employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. B D T R L " Carr Bottom Road, Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ (Signed) GEORUE HONT, 