Why Bid1 He L6ve Her? CHAPTER XXI (Continued).. Holt made efforts to'while him from nia: sadness, bot she sew that she failed, though be made an 'effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting-from her, he said : " I must soon claim you again. I can-, not lire without you much longer, and it is my resolve to^keep you under my own roof.’.’f His' .expression was so' strange, so dif-, ferent from" his ordinary one, that Isola' looked at him in surprise, h : '‘Nothing opposes my return, father, and ' if you miss me so much I will go back with yon now. I'am so'much better that J no longer need the care that has been lavished . on me.” . ... | <r j ; “ No, no—not yet—not yet. Bemain at the Vale till you are stronger, for—.. - He kissed her brow, and offering his thanks to MiBS Carlcton for her kindneBB to his child,..mounted., his horse, and rode away. Both,.were struck with hiSpreqecU? pied manner, and a fear fell on the heart of Miss Carleton that.some weight was press ing on hislienrt. She would not believe him capable of crime; if evil had been done, he must have been the victim with the. brother who had so mysteriously perished,' and ' she fait the certainty that Senord'Koseili' was cognisant of what hnd occurred in Italy; that she had participated in the scenes which had loft such an impression of sad nesB on Fontaine. That this w'othan came to-his house for any good'purp'ose she could hot believe, but she was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two hypocrites were consum mating. On the night after Isola’s departure, Fon taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into tho state of his affairs'prepa paratory to making his will. A rise in tobacco had enabled hiB mer chant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten thou sand dollars, he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived he would be able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savella wonld come into possession of his estate as the lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on Isola from her childhood, he would give to her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. His head has bent over a column of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table I and the voice so long unheard breathed .) almost in his ear : “ Claude, I am beside you. I must tell you bow happy I am that you have sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, for her presence . is a curse to it.!'. i Fontaine was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restored to him full self possession., He exclaimed: “ Fell and evil.spirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt 1 I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house unpolluted by youraccurBed presence !” “ Claude ! beware of speaking thuB, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Bid you not feel the touch of my fingers ? I could as easily have struck you senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child^o your heart; make her the heiresB of all—all you possess, and I will leave you in peace. Act. otherwise, and I will fil your house with such devilish revelry that you, will beglnd to come to terms.” It was Henry Fontaine'B voice that sounded in his ear; but the. listener.felt that his brother's nature must have become warped in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly said: “ An evil demon has obtained power over me through my own fratricidal act'; but that you'aire Henry Fontaine I will never believe unless I have occular demonstration to that effect. If I see you with my own eyeB, I may believe their evidence; nothing lees will convince me.” “Ho 1” laughed the speaker, “ with you, feeing is believing is’it?. Well—you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his form rayed forth through the power be Btowed on him in the'spirit-world. If you can bear the sight, I promise to render my self visible to you.” Fontaine exclaimed: “ Let me see you this moment. I will ex tinguish thb lamp,” and he put out his hand to remove the shade. . The voice spoke as if receding from him : “ Not yet, Claude. The sight would mad den your! brain; for when I do come, it will be as you. last saw me—dying by your hand, Can you bear that ?” Fontaine sank down, pale ob the dead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand, said: “ Go away, for God’s sake 1 Once before your presence near me nearly drove me to suiaide*. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason. If you are my brother, you will leave me to bear my burden in such peace as I now may find.” Again that thrilling touch sent its electric shivdr through his veins, and the departing voice said: « Adieu'. I1 leave you at your command; but, if you pay no respect to my wishes, I shall make my presence felt by you again.” Three raps filled the room with their echoes, and Cassar appeared in the doorway. wiih a scared face, and faltered: “:WaS you a knockin’ for me, marse Claude I ■ I were goin’ through de hall, an’ heerd de.noise, an’ I thought you was takon sick and wanted Buffin’.” , Fontaine lilted his white face, .now stern witli anger, and quickly asked: “How,, long .have you .been near that door? Have you overheafd anything ex cept the raps?” •■ Fo' de bressed Lord; t hasn't; I’d jest come into shet up de house fiir de night. I b you don’t s’pect me^of spyin’.on you, ter?” ' ' J should not do so, Cesar, for you hare rs been faithful; but something strange lappened! I desire you will say no thing.of the noises yon have heard.” At that instant another peal was heard, beneath whicli the lamp and papers on the table trembled. The ’negro fell on his knees. He cried out: “ G'.way from.here, you cussed 'debil dai you must be—g’way. What doos ghost esses-want in dis-honse?' Get out’n dis, or I’ll mghe my ole o'mnn scold you." A smile crept over Fontaine'S lips at this absurd.threat from the poor old man. He remained standing in . the isms attitude' several moments, listening1 to any further' dfmohiitrfitionth’at'ihighi'be'made, ,.,u : |-™«:Totr“''h*W beard’"6f'lpint'-rapptngj ~ I)CaiM, ahd’yjM hive-seen experiments tried; ; here by the young people. There is no-; : thing to. alarm youinit. I have witnessed ' such things, and no evil'came from them. ' Get up, and attend to closing the house.” At this 'command, the old servant arose : “ I ain’t, used, to such .things, marse Clnude. I'ain’t got much- gumption, an’— an' I is feared to go out'n de hall by mj yelfJ^Ef'dat'Br’tiling was to / foller arter ! hie, ari'hamineron da do1, ! should drop His rolling eyes and dusky complexion proved Itije/trutlTof'his assertions,jtnd Fon taine kindly saidY v j~\ j a "I will go with you, then, but I think the visitation is orer’for this time;1 I'for bid you to speakof what you have witnessed \- “Fll. member .what - you ..say, : marse Claude, an' I'll try to ’bey you ; but I wishes dat I : hadn’t heard'. nothin' on it myself.” ...Fontaine preceded him in his tour of the house, and saw all tho windows and doors olosed, AsCfBssrwas leaving Claude, he entreated: “ Don't have nothin' to do wid’em, marse Claude. Dby is dcbbils in 'sguise. Ax de bressed Lor' to sen' ’em back to de place doy come from, ah’ He'll take de cuss away from you.” " I have not called the spirits, Crasar; ;andyou may be.sure.I shall pray to be de livered.from their persecutions.” “Hal's rigid, sar ; but I hates tci'see.'youi go back inter dat haunted house all by your self.” “ Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm The moonlight fell upou his face, and Crasar noted the rigid whiteness that had settled on it, the restless fire that burned in his dark eyes. In the open air the old man was no longer , afraid ; but he saw his master re- enter the house and close the door behind him with a feeling of dread. He listened ; but all remained still, and he movrTd toward his cabin in a state of be wilderment which did not escape the keen -observation of Aggy when he appeared be fore her. But to all her inquiries he only replied by deep groans “ dat de debbil was to pay in de ole house." “T ’specteit as much when dese furrin people got to slny in it,” she leplied. " But what’s happened ?” “Nothin’; only de debbil’s to pay, dat’s all.” . " Ff he is to pay, I hope he’ll take his debt oul’n you, you old stupid," was the re tort. “ I jes’ wish you’d hold your tongue, or else tnlk sense wid it.” Crasar obeyed her wish ; for he.refused to speak further, in spite ?of the- cajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted him with being possessed with a dumb devil, to wliich.he ruefully Replied ; ’1 “ A duhilrdcbbil is befter'n a talkin’ one.” “Haidar's for me, .so, I’ll jes’ shet up. But I'll find out whnt has flustrnted you so much, in spite o' yourcircumbendibusses. Xlinr! I don't brieve marse Claude knows a bigger Nvord dnii diii.” } i . J} : At length day ..dawned, and soon after Crasar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to the o verseer in the-yard. Thanking God that lid was still living, the old servant aroused his wife and prepared :l|imself: for, the duties of the day. 