POETRY. THE GHOST OF A DREAM. "Maty, look at the sunset over the hills See the roBe on the snow, and the fiery gold Touching. the summit and gilding the floating clouds Away in the west See the fairies of Eve Weaving bright dreams en the mountains That summer shall bear to the plain." And Mary gazed at the brightness, but saw not the sunset, Her mind and her heart were away where the still ness of night Hnng chill afar on the broad weary desert of sand, And the sentinel fires and the silent starlight than watched The sleep of an army the mom should awake to their doom, But Ethel saw only the sunset now fading away, The golden giory all gone, and only the tints Of rose and lavender faint in the western sky ■" Ethel, did you not hear it away in the south, The roar of a gun and the neighing of Arab steeds, And the bugle-call in the little Egyptian camp; They are coming, I know. I can bear their myriad tread." " Come, dearest, away," said Ethel, " Oh, talk not thus, Much brooding has given a kind of truth to your dream b. Come away to the bright dancing firelight and drive hence this ghost of a dream." "Oh! Ethel, the fare is leaping and flashing abont in the darkness, And the guns are roaring, and spears and bayonets gleam. They are thousands to one, and O, Ethel, Frank is out yonder." " Come, dearest, away," said Ethel, and carried her hence With laughter and brightness to bury the gbostof a dream. But Mary was silent, and fear sate cold at her heart, And the month sped on into summer with winged speed. And the primrose and iris had bloomed and faded away. And now the garden was heavy with odours of roses, And tall yellow sunflowers turned their big eyes to the sun, And the fragiance of summer came up from the meadows of bay. And the sad, sad message came home from afar at last. And Mary knew that her springtide dream was true And her Frark lay out in the desert beyond old Nile, And that none should ever return to tell how he t fell, Borne down by a myriad foes by Hie Pasha's ' side. I D. M. WRIGHT. * Bie Pasha's army of 1,500 Egyptians with some European officers and several war correspondents were utterly destroyed after fighting two whole days in square by an Arab force reported to number 200,000. 