Why Did. Se Love X fr' CHAPTER XI (Continued). SShe is warned. She repeated to me a" portion of her conversation with her uncle this morning when they 'were oiut. riding, and he gave her to understatid if Mr. Vane presumes to approach her in the character of a lover, he will not be acceptable to him." S If Fontaine understood her as well as we do, he would'never l.a'e done that. You know that Savella: has always been actu .ated by the contrary spirit; what we de sired her not'to do, she is sure to attempt. PlPhilip:Vane how ?has an interest in her eyes, which lie might never have possessed ,had she been left to herself; and whenslhe learnsshe can rival this girl; she will make'I an effort to do so. - " Oh, well, she can amuse herself by: flirting with him, but marrying him ise another thing." " I tell you," replied Summerton, ." that`, if she falls in love with him, she will have her way at the risk of her life. With her fortune she would make a brilliant mar .riege.? It we could get rid of encumbrances' we could return to Italy and give her a prince for a husband." " I have already hinted as much to her." "And how did she receive it ?" "She seemed to assent, but she was thinking of something else, she said nothing with reference to it." The following day the family from: the Vale came to La Fontaine; and formed their own estimate of the strangers. Aware that such an ordeal must be' un dergone, Senora RIoselli was solicitous' about the appearance of herself and her niece. Her own dress was simple, but rich and becoming, and on Savella's toilette she expended all her skill. An almber- coloured silk, trimmed with black lace, tell in flowing folds to the floor; Roman pearls glittered on her neck and arms; the last were of sculptured beauty. Her hair was braided into a plat fastened at the back of her head with jewelled arrows, and a faint tinge of rouge lighted up her dark eyes. When Isola and Savella entered the Ii brary, Fontaine arose and laid aside his books. He seemed surprised and pleased as hiis eyes fell upon his niece, and lie said to her : " Truly you take one by surprise. A while ago I discovered, you are a genuine nightin gale, and now you comle to me almost a beauty. I am proud of mly little girl, and my rose and my pearl need fear no rivals in the valley." "Thank you," she said. "But I do not wish to be called a rose. I am afraid I' am but a yellow one, and the whole race is too ephemeral. If Isola is a genm, give me as' appropriate a iame as pearl is to her." "Then you shall be my ruby," he re plied. "That is better; rubies, with their soar let glitter, suit my style." "Then mly first gift to you shall be a set worthy to be worn by the last descendant. of my family." " Oh, uncle Claude, you are too good, and I pronmise to try and be all you wish mse." He kissed? her brow ; then bestowing the same caress osn isola, left the rooml to re-; ceive his guests, who at that moment drove up to the door. Isola accomtpanied himn, but Savella lin gered in the library till the party was esta blished in the drawing.room, anid her aunt and Sumuiertun had been presented to them. As shlehad, anticipated, her uncle came for her, and drawing her armns through his own, with stately pride Fonltaine led her into the apartment, and introduced her to his friends. Wlhen Fanny saw her she could scarcely repress an exclamation of surprise, and she thought: "Goodness! is that the same 'girl 'I saw yesterday, looking cotmmonplace' enough ? I declare - she has! bloomed :into beauty. Won't cousin Carrie say 1 was prejudiced !" Savella found herself the principal object of attention. She replied with ease to the kind words addressed to her `Senora Ito selli and Sunsmertou sustained her,'and the' incidents of the day were a triumph to the: subtle schemners. When dinner was. over, nmusic was called for; Isola and Fanny sunrg ballads with sweetness, and responded-to the request. Savella, with 'dillidence, declined an in vitation to tlie piano, but when Fontaine approached her; and taking her hand, said: " Conise, and let our friends enjoy the treat I have looked forward to with plea Ssure," she could no longer refuse. As the first notes of her voice arose,, j eieral Berkely and'his son came in from the pikzza, where tlhey hlad been talking with Summertun. . The party gathered isround the performer, listening in silence. ' By Jove !" exclaimed thie general, at the @lose of the first song, " that is niarvellous! It throws you all in the shade, Carri.e' Yo`d and your pupils must hide your heads after ;such music as that." N'so," she replied, " we shall do no such tl!ing. Ileally, we must thank you for an enjoyment that rarely falls to our lot iln ! this secluded valley. :Your voice is exqui :I site, and your execution admirable.•: "I have hald the best mnlasters," Savella ':replied .'"and my iondness for niusic led me to profit by their instructions." That is easilyseen; but proay givei us Smore. Do not attempt to leave 'theipiano yet" . .. Thus solicited, iSivella struc inti a n ta. sia wlhich .displayed ier skilful executioni, and at its close 'lhe was petitiond ?or another vocal effort,, .:':: - Tlereswasd a riglit` iooa, and at 'a lte hour the guests departed, charmed with the youig stranger da eased withher two '~" satelli es. CHAPTEB XX. .,- Tlhe fame of Savella's musical abilities Spenetrated to every house in the alley, i·and day after day carriages, filled witli elegafitly " dressed ladies, escorted by cavaliers, 'drove Sup to the front of La Fontaini'; :aiid flat teries enough were lavished on' thhebiress I to have turned a much stronger 1edd than hers. 'uring tlese visits Isola was ofleis n?de o feel the change in her posiiion,;byceare g ass neglect; but many showed that': she was worthy of esteem, if her origin was un known, and the smiles of Fontaine had de s rted her; fIor, through Philip Vane's Ia-_ priudence, it had become well-known in the valley that the orphan would not inherit Fontaine's' fortune. - All pitied her, a few atteinpied to pia tronise her, but she was so:dignified uider Sthi's reverse,; that al'l were irpr.ised.,: B?a? i iS- , ,:,i:, .'.:'.7. Slthe days glided away, her sheehe lou? their hue of health, and a feeling of lassi. tade often- oppressed her. honour of the, advent of the heiress by every family in the valley, and in inexpli 'cable weariness Isola dragged herself from house to hoise unwilling to cloud the en joynment of Savella by betraying how ill she was; for she seemed to have formed 'a strong attachment to her, and declared that. half her, pleasure - would be destroyed if isola :was not the companion of her 'tri umphs. At these gatherings they met Philip' Vane, and as he looked on the changed ap. pearance of Isola, he laid theflattering unction to his soul that his desertion had not been unfelt: At first Philip seemed shy of approaching. the heiress, but froni the moment Savella's eyes rested on his' person, she used every codqettisli art to lure him to her side. His indifference piqued her, his beauty dazzled her, and when he laid aside his reserve' and. entered the :lists with other pretenders .to 'er favoubr shewas captivated by the fasei 'nation of his maiunners. One ofthlose passiois sprung up in the breast of the 'Italian, and Senora Roselli saw her own fears verified. All the efforts used to prejudice Savella' against Philip, seemed to have recoiled on those who -at tempted to make them. All the warnings. of her uncle; the certainty that hlie would oppose her union with a man who was not received in his house; all the opposition of the two who wished to retain. her under lheir own control, was of no avail. If Phililp Vane loved her well enough to ask her to becoisme hiis wife, she declared to her aunt she would brave everything to do so. But Philip had some sense of manliness` left in hiim, and when he had looked on the pale face of the girl he believed to be fading into her grave because he had deserted her, he felt that itwould be base to inflict a new wound when tlii; last seemed to have struck so deeply.?' He refrained from making a declaration to Saivella; thouglh he made love to her with every' opportunity that offered itself; he felt secure that no rival could foil him, for he read the passionate soul of this girl, and awaited a more favourable time to ask her the: minioentous question-would she, be come his wife ? Philip spoke to Savella of her uncle's dis taste to-hitih; aInd protested that he had lost his favour through no fault of his own. Mr. 'Fontaine was peculiar, and a misunder standing had arisen between them. He confessed that he had once admired Isola, but never till lie saw Savella had his heart really been touched.,. With each hour passed in his society the heart of Savella became more deeply en thralled, till she owned that without him life, fortune; or any earthly good, would be valueless in her eyes. With the skill of a skilful diplomatist, Phlilip,led on this crea ture till he felt secure that in opposition she would give' him her hand and fortune when the time for action arrived. He liked her; was flattered by her pre ference; but, until his father's suit'was de-, cided against hibm, lie could not make up his mind to the last irrecoverable step which his vanity led him to believe would prove a death-blow to Isola. The change in Isola's appearance was re marked with pain by Miss Carleton, andshe same over to La Fontaine and insisted on taking her young friend to.the Vale to' pass a few weeks. To this Fontaine consented; for in; his uneasiness he was ready to grasp at any change that promilised diversion to her mind. -It was believed that the desolate feeling of which she had spoken to him was killing her slowly, and he hoped much for her from the cheerful companionship of the family at the Vale. Sumnierton, wiho had proffered his medi cal skill, and -beens employed as her lihysi cian, approved of the proposed change. He' prepared for TIer use a vial of drops, which he counselled, her to take three times within the" tiventy-four hours, and Isola promised to. followhis directions. Savella expressed her regret at losing her, but promised to ride over every day with her uncle to inquire after her'health. Fanny received her friend with joy, and exclaimed: "" "Now we have you among us I mean to try grandina's specific on you-the 'home hbitters '.that she used to dose us with when we werechiklren If it cured us then, it may do as much for you now, and I have a. bottle in this room ready for you." Isola smiled, and repliedd: ,Mr. Summerton is a physician, and I have brought a supply of medicine pre pared by him.. ' "Have his prescriptions done you any good ?" 'Not much. The drops seem to exhili rate ime for a few hours, but the reaction brings on' a weriness and depression, that is indescribable." " Then you shall take no more of.them while you-" ar -with' ,us.: -Try grandma's. elixir; if you loveme. '. ,Isola was in that listless state in which he cared little what was offered to her, and she said: ; 'iAs yoa please. I don't suppose it makes much differenic'e what I take, for no- thing seems to do me good."" - : "But we mean to do you good, and make ydou well again. Don't talk as if you intend to go from us in the first bloom of youth. It is too basd; Isola, to see how lifeless you hiavbe bcome ;i a::hd .the girl burst into M dear Ib!:Fanny, isiihsld only be too happyjifii ofild lay aside the dreadlthat h'as sett~'d on my he art. I confess thaltit sa hard ~ li:in the cold grave at seventeen. But if ititio tiBhwil of my Heavenly Father,: "; You must noit; you shall not die,; Isola. Oh I what will become of :George when lie - : She choked, and could not go on :. Imola "He" will feel it, Iknovw but if Iconceal. ifrom him that I might have loved Ihim ig Sthe timeo coe ai hei- will not be iqdebo~o "ldWyoul ieave him to think that lovye : for that- failse man-: wounded 'yog unto death?- a?ised Fanny. ," My dear -isolai pive qeogge the - consolation of knowing wlit youlhave :just expressed, it the an geis.·si lasisg you by death must be his, !Ihe blow will he softened by the certainty that your heart:had asserted its freedom; and Philip Vane is po-longer your ideal of manly excellence." "I do not believe he ever was that to me, Fanny; adndnow he has lost all power. This is the truth, though my father will not :,- But I believe it, and I believe that :randima'siskhil can rival that of your Als culapsis Do 6 ou know that if I were is yolr place Ihoul be afaid to take say Ihiong offered me by those people.'! -Nfo:: t . Nonsense, Fanny.:: Why' should they seek to injure me! I beg youi will niot, in: sinuate anything so dreadful;-. -His skill: is great, and his kindness to. me, niailing. To speaikthe truth, I, did not" like any of these strangers; but they have impr0oved on.! a longer acquaintance.: I "am attached, to ` Savella, and her aunt lias been so attentive to: me since I have been sickii th tI ani ashamed of my first distaste to :her" : ut Fanny was still sceptical; she said: "' They have everything to ,'gain and: nothing to lose by showing, sympathy; but if the affection of Mr. Fontaine for you had been less tender, I fancy: they ?would have; acted differently., I don't believe in sany of them, Savella has more heart' than eitherr of the others, but'she iis a 'siallow parcel of vanity, and her heal is turned by a:sten' tions to which she is unaiccstonnied :Have you remarked the manner of Philip Vale . to her of late? She hlas done all she could to attract himn, and I believe he is ready. to transfer to her the allegiance; ei oice pro-" fessed to squ." l'e 'is quite welcome to do Aso; but Philip will scarcely dare appear before my father with another proposal for his hei ress." "Perhapis he will not think that cere mony necessary. There are such things as elopements; and if the truth is told about .Mr. Fontoine's affairs; his consent will make no difference in the fortune his niece is entitled to claim." ' This aroused Isola from .her apathy, and she gravely said': " My dear Fanny, that' is supposing that Savella has neither prilciple: nor gratitude. Do not suggest such an impossibility as an 'elopeiment. lPhilipl would sh'ink from the thought of such perfidy toward a man who' has treated him with kinidness' from his boyhood." "Oh ! well, let us waive .thei?subject, Isola, for we shall never agree. Time will prove which is right. CHAPTER XX. : THE DEMON AT WOn.ar` Fanny leftt* e room and Isola ate a frag ment.of biscui; and drank ar small portion of the wine. Miss.:Cairleton observed her, while she talked with her. She" saw with pain the delicate comnplexion from which every bloom had vanished, the weary out look from the large' dark eyes, and" the drooping lassitude of the slender figure. After a pause, she said : " May I speak withi you, Isola, and ad vise you as freely as I did in your childish days ?" "' Surely, you know, to you I always look as my mentor, for next to my ,father you have been my best friend." "' Then suffer me to' use the privilege of 'friendship to probe your heart Isola, is. disappointed love wrecking the promise of a' life as I hoped yours would be.? Speak the truth, and know she who asks the question nas known enough sorrow to comprehend' .OU ." . . . yours." "Sorrow to you! I though ilat you had always bloomed, in thea. nshne, cousin Carrie," said Isola. " I have had my struggle witili appoint ment; but I have not permitterS it to de stroy my usefulness, nor to mar :y enjoy ment of the blessings left to. me But you don't deal frankly with me.' : "I can lay ly' hand on :my leart' and assure you that the passing fan I had for Philip Vane has nothing to do h sny' ill ness. At first I suffered ; but m eeling did not affect my health. There' must be some defect in my constitution, Which has 'de veloped itself as I attained maturity. I overheard Mr. Su;mmerton tell miy father such is the case." " And is Mr. Fontainer satisfied Mr. Sum merton is a better physician than Dr. Sin clair ? I. wish lie wvould 'all in to see you.'" "I am not ill enough to require two phy icians, and father says there is less safety: in such a courser He has reason tobconfide in the skill of Mr. Suimmerton." " Perhaps Mr. Foiitaine is rightbut I wish Dr. Sinclair could see you." Are 'you sure that jealousy is not lurking in some corner of your lieart--for Philip has joined Savella's admirers "I have declared fromi the first imy ill. ness has nothing to do with Philip :' If he were to marrySavella to-morrow, I should. 'only feel it as it affected liy father; but he lias'this idea firmly:fixed in his brain', and: 'if I die, I shall have the imortification of knowing that those I best love will think` I was weak enough to give up life because a? heartless man proved faithless- Oh!t think better of me, for I deserve that you should do so." Her earnestness called- a lhisli to ller oieek, and Miss Carleton drew: near her; and said: : ' "I am satisfied, Isola, that yoh are not perishing of a brokenieart, aid I have the hope that we etai bring you back to healtli aigain. VWe will lavish siicli cares on you that you mnust revive." :-:: SExhausted by the slhort drive to the Vale, isola went' to beil, and sooh went into i slumber, in which she noanied.is if i pai:n HMise Carleton imaintained her. atch beside her~ thoughl; Fanny came qduietly in aid placed on the dressing stand the viail she Shad taken avay . :i" Thoiugh lull of glee at the fieat shlai.eS perforiiepi she did not ibetray what s'i hd d one; ?Every- drop of Siminerton's l;tidso had :been thrown 'i?way,: the vial; wa;i l ied Sthoroughly, :and spring water suibsitited Si-Fanny: believed Sufioierton :'to;' bea quack, whose pluais iiity had imposed on Mr. Fontaine, and she wondereda his in fatuatioin in alloip'in tihe life oi his i proigge -to be risked on iis skill. ":;' , W':'hen Isola founid hei drops restoreds icontinuied to itake themn and the?mIprove'. ment made is her heiltlih'lb endays'sta, ? qt the Vale'she:s partly attriblited io'b. Iheii efflicacy. Eery member 'f :the faiil? 'shswed theil kindest 'solicitude in her 'ie covery,; ind at the close of the second:'w ek she had gained strength to ride out. :: ;-Every day Fontaine came over, accoamp piled by Savella, to inquire after her, and he was thankful to see a faint tinge uf rose blooming on herecheeks-; but Isola observed that a shadow had fallen over hini. He was self-absorbed, and she wondered if the knowledge of Philip's attentions to Savebillia had thus affected him. Fontaine rarely attended evening parties, and when he was present, Philip was careful not to make his devotion to Savella s?i marked as to attract his attention,- for i was his policy to conceal his plans from her seole till they were ripe for executionib;i Isola made efforts to'while him frdomh his sadness, but she saw that she failed, though he 'ade an effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting from her, he said: . : I must soon claim you again. I can not live.without you much longer, and it' is my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His 'expression was so strange, so ditf-I ferent from: issordinary oiie, that Isola looked at him in surprise.'- I, ' S" Nothing opposes my return, father, and? if you.miss mle so much I ?ill go back with'. nou now. irI am so much better. that I no' longer need the care that has been lavished on me. ":No, no-not yet-not yet.? Remain at the Vale till you are stronger, for-" -. He kissed lier brow, and aoffering his thanks to Miss Carleton for her kindness to' his child, :mounted hisi horse and, rode away. Both were struck w?ith his preoccuo pied manner, and a fear fell on the heart of Miasi Carleton that some weight was` press ing on his heart. She would not believe him capable of crime ; if evil hiad been done,, he must have been the victim with the brother who had so mysteriously perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora Roselli was cognisant of what had occurred in Italy; that she had participated in the scenes which had left such an inipression of sad ness on Fontaine. That this woman came to his house for any good purpose she could not believe, but she was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two hypocrites were consum :mating: On the night after Isola's departure, Fon taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affairs preps paratory to making his .will. Arise in tobacco had enabled his.mer chant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten thou sand dollars; he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived he would be able to do more for her; if Ihe died, or lost' his reason, Savella would come into possession'of his estate as theilawful heir. Celia, who had waited' on Isola from her childhood, lie would give to 'her, and.a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. His head was bent over a column of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table and the voice so long unheard breathed almost in his ear: "Claude, I am beside you. I nmust tell you how happy I am that you have sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curse to it." . Foataine was unnerved, but 'disdain at this assertion restored to hiri full self posse siou. He oxclaimed: " Fell and evil spirit, for suchl I now know you to be, avaunt ! I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house uinpolluted by your accursed presence !" _ "Claude ! beware of speaking'thus, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Did you not feel the touch of my, fingers ? I could as easily have struck you senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child to your heart; make heri.the heiress of all-all you possess, and I wil! leave you in peace. Act otherwise, and I will fill your house with such devilish revelry thati you will be glad to come to terms." It was Henry Fontaine's .voice that, sounded in his ear;:but the listener felt that his brother's nature must have become warped' in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly-said: " An evil demon has obtained power over me through my own .fratricidal act'; but that you are Henry Fontaine I will never believe unless I have oscular dcmonstration to that effect. ' If I see you with my own eyes, I may'believe their evidence; nothing less will convince me." "Ho I" laughed tile speakei, " with you, eseeiig is believing is it? Well-you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, his form rayed forth through the power be s?owed on him intthe spirit-ivoild. If you can bear the'sight, I promise to render my. self-visibloeto you."' '' Fontaine exclaimed: ' Letmine sse you this moment. I will ex tinguish the lamp," and he put out his hand to remove thie shade. The voice.spoke as if receding from hiim: 1" Not yet, Claude.'; Thelsiglitwould mad den your brain; for when I do come, it will boe as you,last saw sme-dying by your band, Can you bear that?" Fontaine sank down, pale as the dead. He shuiddered, ahd putting out his hanud, said: S?'Go away, for God's sakeo! Once' before y;our presence near sme nearly .drove me to 'suicide. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason.- If you are my brother, you will leave me to bear my burden irisuch peace as I now umay lind.'? Again that thrilling touch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing :voice said: " Adieu. I leave you at your command, but;, if you pay no respect to my wishes, I shall'make my presence felt by you again." ·IlThree raps filled the rooni with their echoes, and Ciesar appeared in the doorway witht:a scared face, and faltered: " Was you a biniockin' for me, maree C'laude?. I were goin' through de hall, an'. heerd de 'noise? in' I thought you was aktan "ick/ aicd?wanted s'uin'." ',-.:? - ., .I bFontaine lifted his 'olhite face, now stern with anger, asd:qiiickly asked: ,-: I '"kHow' ldng have :yuu beenii :near ithit door-' Hai?e you overheard anythiing: ex-,: S·",FP' de bresed Lorid, I hans't;' I'd jest'; ?~fis sn sto hslr i ulde house for do fnight. I,, hoips youk don t a poet ise of slpyin' en you, ?:I lshouldonot d so; Cmesar; for?you :have w!bays bene faitlful hibut something strange hashappened I desise youh will say ino thssg of tise nioises you lase heard 7 At thatsistaint asotitler peal was heard, beneath whic h lice laisp and papers on the ' o here yo cussed debit dat you must b g a'wii What does ghost "eses wanit in dis house ?: Get iot'n dis;?or. A_? smfile crept over Fontaine's"lips at this; iBUiali threat from :the poor old man i :HI remihiiiied standing ien lth same attitude. :everal moments, liste:nng to any firther: demonstration that might be made. : :.man during a :liftime .ot :bu years. 'according to paper recently read Ilfore'one: Academy of Sc?ence, Paris, sleeps away an ??aggregate of 6000 days, works away the. jsame period, :cats away -2000 days. wals away?80 'days, is ill durang 00 days, ahd mismuses Idmself wit?' the remiander of has half cenotury on ar.th. "' You have heard of spirit-rapping, oasar, and you have seen experiments tried here by the young people. There is no. :thing to alarm you in it. I have witnessed' such things, and no evil came from them. Get up, and attend to 'closing the house." At this command, the old servant arose : "' ain't used to such' things, nmarse. Claude : I ain't got 'much gumption, an'--. an. I is feared to go out'n de hall; by my self.:, Ef dat ar' thing' was to foller arter me, an' hammer on de do', I should drop dead." His rolling eyes and dusky completion proved the truth of his assertions, and Fon taine kindly said: ,I will go with you, then; but I think the visitation is over for this.tiin?e. ";I for bid you to speak of whatyou have Witnessed here:. S I'll 'member .what. you. say, marse Claude,, an' I'll try to 'bey you; but 1 wishes dat I hadn't heerd nothin" on it" ..myself.":=. : Fontaine preceded hint in his tour of ithe house, and saw.all the wiidows. and doors closed, As Caesar was 'leaving Claude, lie entreated: :"Don't have notlin' to do wid 'em marse Claude: Dey is debbilg it 'sguise. Ax de iressed Lor' to sen' 'em back to de place day come from, an' He'll take do cuss away from you." "I have not called the spirits, Ctesar; and you may be sure I shall pray to be de-' livered from their persecutions.". ."Dat's right, sar; but I hates to see you go back inter dat haunted house all by your self." "Have'no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight fell upon his face, and Cwesar noted the rigid whiteness, that had settled on it, the restless fire that burned in his dark eyes. In the open air the old man was no longer .' afraid; but he saw his master re-cnter the house and close the door behind him with a feeling of dread. He listened; but all remained still, and he moved toward his cabin in a state of be "wilderinent which did not escape the' keen observation of Aggy When he appeared be fore her. But to all her inquiries he only replied by deep groans " dat de debbil was to pay in de ole house." "I 'spectea as miuch when dese furrin people got to stay in it," she ieplied. "But what's happened ?" "Nothin'; only de debbil's to pay, dat'e 'all." "Ef he is to pay, I hope he'll take his debt out'n you, you old stupid," was the re, tort. " I jes' wish you'd hold your tongue. or else talk sense wid it." Ciesar obeyed her wish ; for he rdfused to speak further, in spite of the eajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted him withl being possessed with a dumb devil, to which lie ruefully replied: "A dumb debbil is better'n atalkin' one." "Dat dar's for me, so I'll jes' shet up. But I'll find out what has flustrated you so much, in spite o' your circumibendibusses. Thar! I don't b'lieve marse Claude 'knows a. bigger word dan dat." At length day dawned, and soon after Cmosar heard the voice of Fontaine speaking to tile overseer in the yard. Thanking God that he was still living, the old servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for the duties of the day. CHAPTER XXII. rustle' vANuE Um-tnvEo* Night after night, throughout Isola's ab. sence, the same attempts were made to ex tract from Fontaine a 'pledge that. she 'should never return to the shelter of his roof. The draft of his will was copied, and he? placed.it in his desk-with the original, in-' tending to go to Lynchburg and have it en grossed 'by a lawyer. A few days after wards he sought for' themi to make some alterations, and both papers were found torn into fragments, which were scattered over the'desk. ' Thatnight his familiar told him he had' done it; that hoe would find means to de stroy every instrumilent ,which alienated from Savella any of the property which was hers. - Fontaine had fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible pre sence, and lie said: "I will place my will where you cannot reach it " In response' a laugh came, followed by the words:,,. . "Try it, Claude, and see if you.can find a" spot int6b which I shall be unable to pens trate." The will was placed in an iron chest in his room ; he carried tlhe key about his per son, yet th'ree days afterwards, when hie sought for it, that he might take' it with him to Lynchburg, he found it destroyed. Ejamination 'of the lock convinced him I that it had not been tampered with ; but Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. -A skeleton 'was sent to, his lawyer in Lynchburg withll a request that he would have itready for signature at the end 'of a w eek. - '" During the absence of Isola, Savella en deared herself to Fontaine; and accompa nied him in iis'wailk to the quarters,e and when:tliere ?showed the liveliest interest in the wvelfare of the people who were to be. coo t, her property at some future day. She' aippeared to have overcome her distaste to themiand dthe hindness withi which she ad·. dressed them won golden opinions". : : ::Savella eideavoured to fill the place of. ,Isol0a, and fri hours she played and sang to her uncle w'ho felt the demon exorcise byr . Autumn had set 'in. : :Oine aftee'noobi 1ontaine was detaind from home several hoilrs, and retuirned depressed ospirit Ha yeaned for musie but on inquirirng for his niece'he was told that 8he was gone out for a walk." ' - .After' a few i'turn sle t:.'hrew opn his hat, and took the pathway which he had ob :serve? lSvella piuirsued of late whaledshe sliet -uit forhe iafternoon walk:.. -. t: Fontaine had proceeeded half a miie with :bout encountering anyone, and'he bdgan to: thinIk avavella had taken'angther path, whea' t 'sound of voices struck u??i his ear. The speakers were sheltered behind a clhomp of.huishes; but a few steps brought the inis: :,truder in view of the two who fancied them:-l s~elses secure from observation. S':aveils was seated in a grape vine chair, formed by twisting the long branches to-* 'gether, and at her feet reclined Philip Vane, resting his head against the rustioc seat, andI holding her hand in his own. . He was speaking passionately, and :the. .xpression of the girl's face revealed .what' was passing in her heart; Fontaine read', iti meaning at one glance, anld then ?sodil Savella uttered a cry, andPhilip sprang to his feet to confront the face that glared on him with bitter contempt: " So-o---Mr. Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting~to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love himo. I ask you if it is the part. of an honourable man to enter my grounds withoutl y knowledge and meet my niec~ in??this clandestine manner?" ? -, '::::' Philip recovered his audaeity, and he coolly said " My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental; I assure; you. Since that ,happened, as I was poi longer a visitor in your house, I have availed myself of such chances as offered themselves to see your niece: To morrow Iasholdihave waited on you to offer my proposals:in form, as Miss Fontaine has just honoured me by accept ing me as her future husband!" Fontaine listened to, this iaddress with. "surprise. He turned to his niece and sternly asked: S"Savellae can this be'etrue? Have you disobeyed my wishes ,so as' to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you would never be acceptable to me?" She looked up appealinglyand faltered: "Oh, uncle Claude; Iloved Philip from the first moment I saw him; -I know that I have done wrong; but he loves me, and and I will never marry any one but him." Her'uncle scornfully said : "Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to believe that he adores you; but it is, nqt long since he caine to me and professed the same feeling for anothor.' I cannot under stand the facility with which his affections have been transferred from her to you; %yet why do I say so, for I' am afraid-I do comprehend it but too well." "Philip never, loved Isola," Savella ex alaimed. " He has told me so, and I be lieve him." A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye flashedover Philip. He retained sufficient self-control to speak calmly. "Miss Fontaine speaks the truth, it was but a passing fancy I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, as it affords mean opportunity I have desired to express myr sentiments." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be yond all bounds," said Fontaine. "Do you suppose I am not aware how much your professions are worth? Savella, when this man learned that Isola would not inherit my property; he deserted her; and in this brief space of time he professes to have at Stached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if he would not be equally faithless to you if the smiles of for tune should forsake you." Si" Oh, uncle Claude,"? pleaded Savella, " do not speak so, for I love him, I tell you ! andI shall die if I am separated from him I No, he never loved Isola ; ho loves only me!" There was such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said : . - " Poor child you" must suffer from the perfidy of a man whlose personal litrrtions are his only recommendation. inBut I must save you from him ist all hazards." . Then, turning to Philip Vane, he went on: Mr. Vane,. if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you, 'it is the :know ledge that in this underhand manner you hbave attempted to win your way inito my family. I decline accepting you as a suitor to my niece, and believe she,i .illbe in. duced to listen to reason, and g'ive "up?a man who seeks her for her worldly advasitages alone." ." Speak," said Philip : " Shall it, be so? Your inheritance is your own;sand I'am sufficiently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives : ' whicn Mr. Fontaine has impliuted'to mes' I love you; you are aware of the real nature of the obstacle that ties betweonii's;' and you have soon that Isola now regards me 'as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, for on your decision rests our future relation to each other." His eyos were fixed on her-she :made a step forward, laid her hand in his' and said:' "Philip, I believe in the nobility'of your soul, and I willlove you to the end. Oppo-l siton will only strengthen my resolve to be yours through all." "You hear, sir," said Philip. i But' Pon taine drew Savetla away from hii i, and iheld her at his side by throwing his arm" arouind her. "Philip Vane," lie said," I am respon sible for the welfare of my brothlir's child till she has attained years of discretioi?, iTo . you I will never surrender a cent till that. time expires; and I forbid you to approach her as a suitor. If she does not'discover how false are your professions' of love :she will possess little of the foresighbt of. the race 'from which she sprung. Good eveiiing. Come, Savella; we are far froin home.; . He would have drawn her away, ibut ,she sprang towarid' Philip, and exclaimied; with passionate fervour: "01 Oh! my Philip--my adored-belevehim not. My heart will never separate from you We shall ind means to ilsuet, we sall be happy yet." :' "I believe so, Savella, my futurewifi h 'responded; and when Fontaine drew a vella from his embrace, he said i:'· '" You see, sir, how useless oppost wil -:prove. She loves m.e with all th e a of her soutiheri" bldos?faid I proei o S:to be a?good husb.alid to ho'ce ·i" ; : He encircled dSavella with 'his stroiina nd supported her faltering ste. ashe moived away with her. She looked athii as long as it was pos'sibleo to do soanth expression of her eyes confir;ied ht ? e lips ittereid.l: Philip watched, themafe momene't,; and then a smile broke 'ovrhi lips. He muttered: .I Ihave paid you baclk for yonr intin aismissal of my pretensions to IsolaT: t girl will do what I bid e; I hold in my hand, ind.bl it happy or miserbl sh shall yet become my?wife." He strode to the tree to which his 'irwas fastened anddddashed o'ff is ih6'i? tion of Dluslori to tell his mother howh had slped in hii w0ooling.'.. 5AEiLLA DEFW5T. -.Fontaine nioved iii the directionv-i houseiif sstainig Savella; bunt aftteri ing a distanice she extrieated herdi elfrm his armis and said SIsam able to walk alone. I do not' i. to be too buirde?somn tonyou.. ;"He regarded her?? ' sorrow ei- hs?i:.::' I havagerer felt that you are a burden; hae inese ass saknmyfi tin yebathat I ue misg~ivig u tebue on; tiued frot i.- Pa .:: -W Did He Love Her? :i:CHAPTER XXIII (Continued). " Hve~jybu not been taught that dupli--: city'is a sin toward those who love you? I o uld not have believed that you would so farlorget tho'delicacy of a refined 'woman ae to meet in secret a lover oof whom you were aware I coild never approve.". ' ' :.'"And w?whyill you nbt approve of him ?' she burstiforth. 'He is all that a reason *able pereon can iosk--noble in mind,' beau tiful as'a demi-god. I love him, uncle Claude ;I lorv him to such a degree that I would cling to.him in deanth. We first met:by accident, but I confess I again sought that spot every afternoon that I 'might look on my king, my love, fromnwhom. .'you nor any one else shall never sever me." Fontaine saw that in her excitement r'. Smonstrance would be useless, and he only said :', . . " hI shall take care that these clandestine meetings'ii take place no more. -If you marry Philip Vane it must be without my. consenit. To- morrow, if you were blereft of fortune, he would desert -ou ; I 'can place no confidence in a mian who has proved-himself as unprincipled as he ha?s." Sailvlla fured on him with panting breath: : ."Uncle; feel that I speak the truth. I shall die it I am separated, from. Philip. I love'hiiiito that degree that if I had the certainty that my wealth could purchase his.hand, I would give lmy last dollar to gain it, hoping that ony devotioil would. meet its reward. But I know you wrong him, for he lias given iie such proofs of his attacmluent, that 1. should be base to doubt him." "Very lately lie gave the same to another"," replied Fontaine, "and do you think in three months a heart worth hav ing can detach itself fioin its lirst love and enshrine a second idol in her place ?" "'He never truly loved Isola. lie hans told iie of the fascination she at one time exercised over hini, but until he saw me his heart was never touched." "You are- yet too young to' narry any one, Savella ;at seventeen a woman often accepts a lover who at twenty would scarcely be permitted to approach her in that character. Gire ime. a promise that you will wait till you have attained that age before bestowing your hand on MIr. Vane, and I pledge myself that if. you are both faithful to each other, I will withdraw my, opposition to your union. Savella's face brightened, and she said: "You are my own good uncle Claude' again! But I must consult with Philip; witlhout his consent I have no right to bind myself by.such. a promise. I have ccon sented tL.,marry himu, and it he is dissatis ficd to \'it so long; I cannot do what will make hmn utnhlppy. .If hle should get angry and desert me, I should perish in your sigbt. Oh, uncle, you do not.know "how dearly I love him." "Poor child !" said Fontaine, "is there .no possibility.of saving you ? Savella, hesar -me: Yon shall, iot marry Philip :V.no whileo : I possssany legal power 'over'you.' You are my child now,. and I must guard o6u from yourself." Savelln disdainfully repeated: "Sliaillo"t!" and wallked beside him in silence till they gained the house.- Spring' ingup the step she swept past Summer ton and her aunt,, whlo were on.the piazza. Senora ioselli laid: . "Ilhope Savella has beiendoing nothing to displease you, Claude." Fontaine moved toward the window and said: "Come in here, madam. I have a com munication .of serious import to make to you, and I trust you will aid me in im pressing on my:niece the necessity of sub mitting to isy authority." An alarmed glance .was exchanged be tween thetivo confederates, and making a sign to Summuerton, Senora Rloselli passed into the roomi and closed the blind after her. " '. * "Madamj;" said Fnt'aine, "ll hope what I have to tell you will be a surprise to you. -I trust you have not encouraged my niece to disobey my wishes with regard to Vane. 'When they have inet at the houses of my friends, have you-remarked that his atten tions to herwere those of a lover?" Certainly-not. Tlhey have- not been so :marked as tliose of half-a- dozen other "gen tleimen; and'I have not thought of hlilii in that light. I trust. that Savella has not given.hiimi encouragemient to hlope for suc cess. ' . "They are plighted lovers. I went 'ut this afternoon and fnd d her with liiiip Vane. Tlfey liave met thus for miany weeks past, and she declares her determuination to marry him."i ': His eyes were fixed on her face, and he iaw that she iwas'morei dismayed at this discovery ..than .lhe had been. She ex claitied - - --' - "Sie sl t itnot niar her destiny in such a manner! .fThe talse girl i how she hlis de ceivod 11l :,i She has:spoken of this Vano' so openl.y condemned his conduct so freely. -that 1 neveriimagined elie had any regard: :or him.io. -. .. " Savellsc cheisies a headstrong passion for him, and uniles w~e' find ieieans to :ie-. strain herBshe ill irush into liis arniss. ~8e "' has told lie as 'ich herself.'. : " The Nehesie forgotn her usual caution. "' Sho said : "fi ?',;·.:'.': ,;' "' " ". , '. , -" I will locklier up. I will give lier only ' bread and oater oto live on till she comes "to: .her senses " Softly1 ?iisdan. I cannot :perni 'such: extreme mfeasures to, be f used.' By persua? asion this 'girlmay be 'led to do cwhat.ia; right; but ihe- neover willbie driven insol terms. I am glad youar. aas much opposed to such a union asI' andi a?d, I: ask ,you I:to;; use your ianfluhnci to bing her to reason. Just now the glamour of passion obscures all sense of riglt if; her siniidi."^.'- <: "j "Ipledge m ysifI;Iwill aid you in every eosasible way for Savellat is too yodung to: give her haid to any one, "she coolly ssaid.:. ."I was so'iexasperated. by her duplicity , • that. I expriessed :myself strongly. .:I''aski' ~your pardon. Mr. Fontaine," for speakinig oi f your niece:g.I did. "I forgot the.re pect .dueto herp'oisitions. , -;i : He saeosesd saidc: ' I e " ndWertand sah other: with refer- Srnea to thisi affair. -Be gentle with Savella,<. "fortsheis in' eaiitement that will not blieir mn.- reasiT "t wewin her over;, it mist be, througiL kin'dn s ' ".'' '*.'*: *', '" .s:':.-l'-; .' *"1 *l»llMmoi'SabMr lIaU «tf h at from the shelter of the bliid, and she fodind uSuniierton awaiting her in :the hall. Hi spoke in Italian.:': I overheard it all; and she has baffled all our plans..` Why have you not kept, a stricter'watch over her ?" * Have I obt done my best? But she hase deceived me from the first.. I once accused her of attempting to attract this ,Vane,: ind she asserted she only wished to' avenge his desertion of Isola by drawing him to a pro: posal.which she:would reject: Yet she. lias secretly met. him ;'she has promised to, imarry him. Oh! if I dared, I would' slap, 'her as I did when she was a child; but' he: talks of tienderness, and all that mamby 'pauiibi stiiff. }He doesi't know;i Savella 'ais' rie do or he would- adopt, more strin-gent measures." " What can iany of us do ?' I she will: marry him, she will, youi know as well as I' do.' Let hiin purchase our consent tsothe marriage by an annuity, to'enable us to re turn to Italy and live in comfort there. We' do not care about leaving Savella behind." .Wi'hy do you talk thusi?'." she asked. "With. my consent, Savella' shall never marry him. As a last resource to prevent it, I will-'-, She regarded him fixedly.: Sumnertbn said: . "You will do no such thing. :You would rutin all, for, that would be fatal, to our hopes. I knoie it would; and if younat tempt such a thing I will desert a sinking ship, and you may swim to the shore as you can." After a few moments of thought, she re plied: " I believe you are right. Such a cornse would be injudicious; so I must sootlihelr, and play patience, as Mr. Fontaine recom mends." "Do notlet lyour anger get the better .of your prudence this time," was his parting caution, as Senora ltoselli left him to seek her niece.s She found Savella walking, the floor, weeping, and wringing lier halnds as if in despair. The Senora advanced and stood confront ing her. Their eyes met, and Savella said: 'Get out of my path, don't come near me now, for I aim not in a mood to be talked to by any ono." "And least of all by nme," was the re joinder. " ]But I have come here to speak with. you. If you owe hie nothing, you owte me a debt you cin never repay, yet yduo are makingeno effort to do so. You know I wduld sooner lay you in your grave than have you married in this dull country, yet you have practiced the vilest deceit toward me, and aie ready to throw yourself at this Vane, because he: has a pretty face, and talks nonsense to you. I expected more fromi you than this' stupidity." The girl listened with a' curling lip and frowning brow. She contemptuously re torted: " I do not know why you should have expected better fruit from .the tiaining I have received. You have taught me no thing true. To serve your interests was the?' one idea inculcated, to the e?clusion of every other. I am richl,'l- ilipp Vane loves me, and the sman I lhave choset shall not be frowned on by you, if he is by imy iuele."' Ioselli threw herself on a chair trembling with rage. After a struiggleshe spoke: " The juroverb which says, ' Put a.~beggar on horsebaeki and to the devil he'll ride,' is' \- illustrated in your ease. But for me you would have been reared in poverty and' ig norance. I have power over your fate of. which yot sire not aiyare, and if you persist in this insanity Ismay be driven to itse it. 'In such an'extremity I do not klnow what I may? not do." \- Savellai listened to her aiid said: " I owe you something for .ths sacrifices you have made on my account, but money can repay you for them. In myi childhood, you bent me to your will by. oppressiol; but I am nowr free to act as I please, and I refuse to be dictated to by you. Use the power at'which you hint, and see how I will baffle it." \- The Senora began to comprehend that Fontaine was right; if Savella was won over it must be through persuasion. She sobbed: , S"I hoped that some teiderness: for me wau left in your heart, Savella ; but I see 'I was mistaken. You think only of yourself, and'I am nothing to you. It will break my heirt'to see you make so contemptible a marriage as this, when so brilliant. a' career lies before you. Colisent to be guided by me for a few months, and I piomise every thing that you desire." '"I desire but one thing, and that you have set yourself against. I know you wish to secure my property and reture to Italy; but my uncle will not surrender it till I am of age,- and Ino longer desire to' leave this country. I would refdse the hanid of an em peror if Philip Vaune held out hisfefinger to me and said, ' Come with me,' I would go Sto him-I would cling to him,- and glory in my choice." Senora Rloselli-wasin despair. She arose and said: " " This man will squander the money for which he is ready to sell hlimself; and break your heart by his indillerosiee. " But I will perform nmy duty towards you. "You will be sperimitted to.walkl out nos more 'alone, and the most wiatchful duenna was never- more rigid in hler guardianuship tlnisn I wvill be over you. YYour unele hase, delegated -this task to mne, and I shall performi : it with a strictness which vwill leave you';no charnce :to coinnmmunicate willi your lov'er '"., :-,: -. Senorarushed froi'the rioom to sieek her conufidant, and infiormdi him whlat ~had passed in the iiterviews :. : -- - : - i·Sa ella locked her doorvsluhied away th : traces o.0f her tCiars,: and sai t downi to -.con-. teiniilote a miniatre' of o~ l'ilp' whic he bad that day geilin h - - She; sefuised to. appear at 'up end count:o ' all tiiihat had ipised :since she; paited from hini trustidn sooiecha?ica t Wen S meon hs of the iprove manS in--isleolea lt,"h- epressed his poaran, ?and cogratslatd heroo he r eFnn remaid·tned': nte? efie:nd -..,,? ., . hiss asunmed-piety, she cherished an to tive feeling ofmistrust 'toward" him? She ' ill go and look after Savella myaself. You must not leave us till you are well I think granidma's bitters have; done youlr I imusch good as iathiedrops, lighly as hDr sommemrton thinks of them:" `'ide thanked h'er' for her: offer to' visit g voice.' "I- hope you have not beeni duced to take: any nostrums compounded b:y' £ person? ignorant of Imedicine.' It ics very: "dangerous to hazard such a thing.? " I have osily taken a small quantity of the bitters every niorning to please Fanny; but your medicine I use three times every day. " Can you let me see those bitters?`=I am opposed to any one tampering with a.. patient of ineu.i."s Certainly I will bring"ihe boitle to you.", :yui".Thank you.. Here are thel fresh 'drop.: Notw.yoi are accustonmed to their use, you niay iimrcease the quantity one-third;. ,Re-`; Ssiember tbcrheaccurat, for they are dan gerous if takehnin exces." :'.I will be very careful,'; and she was rising to go on heer erandri when Fanny, in spite of his cautious tone, prevented her, " Sit still, Isola; you are not yet strong enough to run up and down stairs.: I will bring the bottle." She presently returned, and presented it tod Ssuminerton, as she said ; " It is oly a tonic Isola needs.- If you wish to stand well with grandma,. you had better say nothing against her pet' medi cine." " That is more than' can often be said of -such compounds, Miss Berkely," he, said. "But this seetus innocent. It is only brandy poured on herbs: yet it may prove injurious to Isola. I would advise her to take only thle life elixir I have preslared for her myself." "I will do so," and Isola took the vial he - offered ihe; Fanny held out her hand'for it and said: "I will put it on your toilette, where it will be safe. I can faney Mr. Summerton's. consternationu if the flask was broken and its contents spilled." "It would be a sad accident," he replied. "for its contents are worth more than their weight iti gold." Fanny took the vial in her hand and, pre tended to regard it with reerential adinira tion. "Is it distilled from gold ?" shl asked: I have read of such. an elixir, and the man that made it believed its use would render him immolrtal." "No, I do not pretend to such skill as that.' This is a chemsical compound, the secret of which is known to myself and a distinguished Italian chemist, from whom 'I learned to prepare it." "really!'the joiint product of two wise headssliould be carefully kept." Fanny looked hlism full in the eyes as she, spoke these randoin words. Summerton was too good a diplomatist' to be embar rassed by a girl; he quietly said: "Thero is 'nothing deleterious in' my elixir, Miss Berkely, as the amended health of your friend proves." PI'ardon me, Mr. Sutmmerton; I did not acscue you of:so "deadly an abuse of your. iiedicial:skill,' said F?onnoy, and she i?ioved away, carrying the vial in her hand. She went herself into her chamber;, after lock ing the door she poured the precious elixir into an empty bottle and filled Isola's with' water. : This was placed on the dressing stland, and the drops borne off, while she said: S'"Lmay judge him wrongfully; bhut I am determined to be satisflied about it. I will get Dr. Sinclair to analyse these, and find out of what so precious an article is com posed." SUnluckily the vial slipped through her fingers and shattered into fragments on ,the floor. Fanny snatched a towvel anid. wiped up the stains fearing some one might detect what she had done. She thought : S" At thoe worst I can speak ,to Isola and tell her of my suspicions. Oh, how: I do, wish we could keep her here, where I kiiov sheis safe. Poor George-'now shes has an swered his letter, if anything should'happeni to her, it would be almostra death-blow. to him." . : On Sunomert}n's return to'La Fontaine' his accomplico fought to speak with himsl alone, and she Isked : "Is it really tius that Isola is recoserisig ?' " She certainly appears to be rapidly imni proving:" "And yet you assured me the medicine she took with her would Ieep up the decay that was consuming her life!" "I:cannot understand it," lie replied.: She assures use that she takes it regularly, yet she is regaining her health. Some con stitutions assimilate poisons after a portioni has been infused' into the 'system. Hers must be one of that class. However, aill" will be right now; I lians made the drops :I took to her to-day atronoger tshan the last, and I ordered the quantity taken toib be in .ereased. We isust get rid of her; .for the: will is madel wh?ichl gives her tei tlouncian.: dollars, adnd Fontaine went to. LlbcIburg" yesterday asd signed it." ': " How do you know that " . '? I saw the draft on his table .wnitls .tie letter to his lawyer. You know I accopa-': dised liimn to Lynehbktrg, and while there' hie. .spent two houri:in Ithe. olice of Mr Win~l ston. it vas easy enough to cosiprelend : w hathis busisness was." "How air 'gr'he would be if he k ew that-: you enoter his sanctum and' pr inito every::i thing there. ::HiIIe ill inevoer know it," St~iili~iiiton 're: .plie:d:, Ifwtr can prevenst SiSvell:a frdm !ma!snga fool- of lierself? we shall grao? d te sight of her 1o iig eniouh ogie l he a c:hance i a yas me ainy tric Seaio has made:!; severia attempsts to oend a letter to Philip Vne, bi t I iantll riesonhii ';a 'it hae one Ion? mydipoasession, ahnd such a i lly l oveesi cikli efrusion I did not beieve Saivelt8;a ould write to a main sh as nihot kniown buti tw Smontihs" ' She springs fromna passionate southern rase, so what elsie can you expect ? S fell ·in love with the first hlandsooie man who' tiaike dnoneenso to her. 'Aiad for this lip worship she wtould re ounsde the proinise of her lif," saiid the Senera. If I could only convince helr: itlat Vaneiis as false as he is beautiful, she might listen to reason; but when I 1speak disparagingly of him she flies into wrathi, and then puts her hands over helir ears to shut out my words. But"I wil cione r her yet or .die in- the atteiipt."? -:!.; 1..c-: " , b c f i ,-d.) ,,. , 