PASSING; NOTES, fBrPAOSTOTE.) I am face to face with a difficult problem. Where do husbands who haven't a special dreSsingroom keep their clothes? Two ward robes, a whole chest of drawers, a large box- Siitee, a cupboard and six pegs — all these receptacles a lady - ransacked yesterday to show me her summer dresses, while I, grow ing more and more mystified, looked fur tively round between whiles to see if the nmscnlino head of the household had per chance a stray bandbox he might call his own. If he had, my eye didn't light upon it- A kerosene tin under the bed suggested it self to my excited fancy — I did hear some where of a man pushed to that extremity — or perhaps the space above the hangings concealed the modest male portion of the family finery. No well-disposed husband should object to grovel on all-fours for his collar and tie, or climb the bedpost for his nether garments — that seems to be the general impression among ladies with exten sive wardrobes. It isn't the first time my sympathies have gone out to the oppressed male in this respect. In the matter of space the married man of mode rate means is an absolutely ill- used being, and I advise him to strike. "No, my dear," lie can say, when the wife of his bosom next reqnests a cheqne, "with every available corner so filled with your wearingapparelthat there is no room formine a new dress must be a superfluity. We will discuss tile question when some of those closets are empty." Needless to point out that when it becomes a question of " cup boards versus cheques" his position 13 im pregnable. The average Australian woman is terribly extravagant in dress. Cases frequently come nndcr my notice where the wife spends from £200 to £300 a year on her personal adornment, while I know full well the hus band's income amounts to very little more than double that smn. How their bills are paid remains a mystery — when they are paid. Such women dress, as a rule, obtrusively, vulgarly well— a milliner's model is equally interesting and about as extensively fur nished with brains. I hate to see a woman looking always like a Paris doll, that can only say "chiffon" or " feathers " when youpnll the strings. She hurts yonr eyes and your sensibilities like a too strong glare of light. Cureless crinkles and natural folds are refreshing after padding and paint. Nobody admires prettily-arranged draperies more than I do, but a few yards of soft muslin at 6d a yard can be made to hang more gracefully than any stiff brocade, when tho artistic sentiment is present, if women with narrow purses would only recognise the fact. I like that description of Dorothea in "Middlcmarcb," as she stood, "her dress looking as if it had been newly washed, and smelt of the sweet hedges, the sleeves hang ing anyhow, all ont of the fashion." It does one good, like a visit to a fine picture gallery, after spending the morniDg in a dressmaker's showroom. But the woman whose selfish extravagance and vanity bring her husband to the Bankruptcy Court isn't macli troubled with the artistic instinct. She is generally as hard as nails, and proportionately coarse- fibred. To make other women, as foolish as herself, jealous of her last new costume is her highest liappinesss — to lose a coveted passing indulgence her supremo Borrow. Still, A qui la faute'l You can't turn a butterfly iuto an eagle — or oven a hedge-sparrow. Tho Bondi Church squabble grows apace. " See how these Christians love one another !' say the sceptics of the neighborhood (who haven't yet forgotten the Gonlburn scandal), and entrench themselves more firmly that ever in their scepticism. " We want onr rightful liberty," reply the ecclesiastical party, "and we intend to fight for it. Bishop or no Bishop, the religious instruc tion we pay for we ought to have the privi lege of choosing — or, at any rate, of assisting to choose." Legally the malcontents are wrong — morally they are right. One thing is certain ; that in these days of falling away from faith the whole affair is another very strong nail in the coffin of orthodoxy. " Peace I leave with you, My peace I give unto yon," said the gentle Teacher whose followers are thns noisily debating ecclesias tical privileges — and thero is no peace. The Bishop has dealt neither wisely nor altogether frankly with the Bondi congregation. Spiritual teaching forced upon it thu3 arbitrarily can have no good effect, and the inllucnce of the Chnrch must be materially lessened. Only the other day a deputation in the old country waited upon Mr. Gladstone to beg for disestablishment. How much that movement, earnestly wished for by some, dreaded by others, will be hasteued by petty scenes like these it is im possible to measure. I wonder why the "Ultra- feminine Woman" who advocated the right of her sex to smoke did they feel inclined has been so ridiculed. Not being a patroness of the weed myself, I can perhaps say with all the bettor grace that I agree with her. Why do men smoke? It is restful, they assert — soothing to the nerve3. And yet women are far more under the influence of "nerves'" than men, and require a sedative at times just as much us they do. To run full tilt against the conventional, merely because itis conventioual, is foolish ; to follow it blindly for the same reason is worse, for it shows mental and moral apathy. There is no earthly reason why a woman should not smoke a little if her desire lies that way, except that our grandmothers considered it improper. It is a better remedy for her unstrung nerves, us that most feminine of women, John Strange Winter points ont somewhero, than to "suck a nob of Bugar saturated with eau de cologne, or to run a deadly little needle charged witli morphia under the skin of her arm." I don't know- that I should cure to boo women cultivate a habit of smoking from their youth upwards for the mere pleasure of the thing; but neither should I draw any hard and fast line as to tueir nDstcntion, partial or otherwise. It is a mere matter of taste and custom. Women who "rant" should be carefully excluded from female suffrago deputations. Good us their intentions are, they do the cause immeasurable harm. To tell a hoped for male convert that ho and tho rest of his sex are letting the world go to the bad, that the city is given up to vice that only i\ woman can sweep away ; that he is a tyrant and she a sweet down-trodden creature struggling in bondage — all that sort of thing is melo-dramatio, and serves but to raise a smilo on the face of the seorner. Men have worked nobly in the past for the woman's cause — are working still ; and it behoves every true woman to reeogniso the fact. Bitterness is worse than useless ; it alienates, where the need is to attract. And, mare- over, it is unjust, for man, like woman, is simply the heir of the ages, still fettered by ancient traditions and customs ; still under the spell of old familiar memories of the Women of his babyhood who, across the lapse of years, strike his imagination, througli ids affections mostly, as finer types of the feminine than ho sees to-day. He ap preciates the new order of things intel lectually, hut as yet finds it a little bewil dering. All this the tactful woman recog nises, and acts accordingly; the "ranter'' bears down breathlessly npon her gentler sisters, talks and declaims at the top of her Voice, and manages to turn a possible snecess into a positive failure. One doesn't blame her, of course. Her energy, if crude, is un- inistakable, and her eloquence scathing. Von can't stop her, you can only sit iu dumb despair and wish you had left her at home. That is to me, bo far, the great fault in Women's social work : it is repressivo rather tliau encouraging. It hasn't cnongh " humun nature" in it. Womon will countenance no i departure from their own very often im possible ideals — no independent experiments with " the false, whereby wo reach the true." "This is good, that is had," they say ; "we have drawn tho lino — it is for yon to keep within its limits." f.eading a circumscribed 'ife themselves, their highest idea of virtuo I is negative, narrow — too narrow to embrace the needs, longings, passions, sins and ten dencies of the whole great human family- They lookaskancc — thobestof them — at every natural instinct and appetite, and wonder, not how they shall use them as a means of educa tion, but how they shall crush them out The soul of good in things evil" is a sealed book to them. They spend a good deal of valuable time in mourning over a false step, that perhaps has been more educative than oceans of talk and stacks of sermons. They can't comprehend that a step in what proves to be a wrong direction is better than deadly apathy that takes no step at all. The sin 1 impute to each f nut rate ghost Is the unlit lamp trail the ungirt loin. Though tho end In sight was n vice, I say, asserts boldly Robert Browning. By the way, I quoted that passage to a dear little woman I am fond of the other day. She opened Iter pretty bluo eyes wide. " Well I declare ! she said, I never knew Browning was such a bad man before." " Eight miles, with the sea running moun tains high." One must believe in the " hardy Norseman" after a feat like that. That the whole crew of a Danish schooner shonld have accom plished it without the loss of one life seems almost incredible. The incident we all remember of the young Australian lady who kept herself alloat after the wreck of the Qnetta for-more than 30 hours occurs to us as a worthy parallel, but her ease was exceptional. Here " every man was saved." I suppose not many English vessels even could boast an entire crew of expert swimmers — certainly few capable ot such endurance. In our southern latitudes an event of the kind would seem abnormal. But as regards young Australians generally, living as they do on sncli a stormy coast, and finding in boating a favorite amusement, it is culpable. not to teach everyone, both boys and girls, to swim at an early age. Many a youthful life would have been saved in the past if this necessary accomplishment had been universal. Of all tho speeches made at the Women's Literary Society on Monday evening Inst on "Tristram and Iseult," Miss Coleman's pleased me most. It was a "speech," too; she didn't read her paper, and the ideas she expressed were broad and generous. She went against the " Matthew Arnoldites.' His rendering of the story was pretty and pleasing to tho ear, she said, but it did not rise to poetry. Neither did she think the poet's duty was to " point a moral " but to paint a true picture of the scenes he sung. If nil the knights of Arthur's Court had been Sir Galahads, that court would have lost considerably in interest and color. And as to the loves of Lancolot and Guinevere, or Tristram and Iseult, though she believed in doing the right, who would bo bold cnougli to judge for another, even in legend or in song, what was the right or wrong in matters of the passions ? Love had laws of its cwn that wore sometimes stronger than life — stronger than death. She thought Swin burne had idealised Tristram's love for Iseult, which was coarser than Lancelot's for Gninevere, but that was neither here nor there. Swinburne had given us a poem, Arnold a prett y story that might have been told just as well in prose. In a word, Miss ( ?nlnrniLn's was the criticism of an artist, an- prociativc, poetic, and unconventional. The only fault was one on the right side ;— it was short. We hear very little about Burmese girls; though why they should be neglected for Japanese and Chinese maidens I can't under stand, after the very interesting little de scription of thein in tho " Magazine of Art.' They are not graceful; that seems to be their one imperfection ; and even that arises from the fact that they are not content to move, and stand, and sit as nature intended them to. They are always , posing ; from quite little children they practise all sorts ot attitudes, and after years of training, only succeed in giving an impression of un- gainlincss ; — to a stranger, that is- "For example, a village belle comes to take her place in the theatre," says one of them. " The place is crowded with people sitting on mats spread on the ground. She is perfectly self-possessed, though conscious of general criticism. A dainty wreath of jessamine is placed tiara- wise just below the neat coils of her shining black huir. Sho wears a spotless white jacket with white tight-fittiDg sleeves, and over ono shoulder a maize-colored scarf is thrown. W ith every movement of her lithe limbs the gay colors of her narrow silk petti coat glance and play in the light of the flaring torches. When she reaches tho mat that serves as thss family box she sits smilingly down and leans on one arm, and gradually turns the hand round inwards until tho elbow is bowed outward in front." It is all very amusing, of course. Bnt it docs seem a pity that the " native suppleness and natural grace" we hear so much of should ape the least desirable characteristic of a fashionable drclwingroom, and lose its own distinctive charm. 