The sioryt'i'lor. ? A DEAD MAX'S CRIME. By CiiiitariAN Lyh. ' j 1 w&S; absolutely (lone up. Constant work and anxiety a«( a poor curate in an Hast End London parish, had told iia tale, und 1 felt that ! unless I could get a holiday I should break i down altogether. Money* however, or rather | tbe want of it, was the prcat preventative. My , wife found it hard to make two -*»«ln ntwf, and I wc had little to spare for a holiday. Fortune for once smiled upon inc. An old college friend of mine, who hud a small living in Yorkshire, wrote and asked if 1 could take his place for a month, as his wife w.ia very ill, and he was Koinj? to take her abroad. He con cluded tiis letter by savin* : ' I am wtrrv I tiiji not let you have tin* vicnracc. The house is in a tumble-down Btatc, and wants thoroughly overhauling* which will Ik» done in our ab sencc. If you come I can. however, procure you a charming little cottar in the village, ju*t the kind of place that will Miit you, Henry and Gertrude, ton.r Of cou rse I accepted, and in due course Ger trude and 1 were established in one of the prettiest cottages of the world, all tiny gables and creepers where the birds built their ne?ts aird eang from morning to evening. Bent is but a tiny village, but the church is of considerable siy.c. and used by everybody for two f»r three miles there. In *hort it has a very wealthy congregation. Gertrude and I wer^ extremely happy in our cottage, but we were not destined to remain there. After our tir-t Sunday many people called upon u*. aud unionist others Mr. and Mr. Dunston, who had a very old and histori cal house just outside Bent. 1 think Mr#. Dunston must have fallen in love with my wife, far she came to see her every day. and in the end, nothing would do, but we must cive uo the cottage and live for the rest of our stay with them at the Grange. I was sorry to leave the cottage, but we could not very well refu&e; their invitation, and i*o we went. To one who ha- a turn for romance, the Grange was a place to dream about. Every stone, every corner seemed to have a tale of its own. 'Sou almost t\j«*cted to see tbe inhabi tants of a past generation walk up the old ter- j races or peep out from the deep-set windows, aad ynu would hardly have been surprised to have heard the steps of a mailed warrior in the stone-paved hall, or to have met a cavalier coming down one of the corridors. Personally I delight in these old houses, so I soon ceased to regret the cottage. We had been there about a week, and were enjoying ourselves immensely, when one day tbe damp — it had rained considerably during the nipht — be^an to come through the ceiling of the room we were sleeping in. I am very sorry, j»y dear,' *aid Mrs. Pun-- ton to my wife, 'but I must put you into an other room—the *13!ue Koom' we call it.'' ?* It does not matter at all.' ' I shall have a tire lit there early in the afternoon, and you had better keep it in. be cause the nights are be^innin^ to set cold, and the room is on the coldtsl side of the house.' *' Hope you'll sleep well tlu-re.' Mr. Puiuion said to me when we went to bed that ni^ht. The * Blue Itoom' is our haun'.ed chaailx-r. you know; but I do not suppose i.'ho-ts care about visiting clergymen much.'' I laughed and said nothing. # The ?* Blue Room' derived it- name. I suppose, from it« rolourinj: : everything w.is blue — carpet. lianjin^--, curtain^, walls— and. with its handsome iurnitur-;. it was a decidedly superior room to the one we had been occupy ing. At one end there were three large win dows, at the other a very tine old-fashioned mantelpiece and tire-place- The door was at the side near the tire-place end. and between the door and the window* wa« the bed — a finely-carved four-poster, hig enough to hold four people, and hung, of course, with blue curtains. On the side of the room opposite to thebed worn two dies^ing-rooms. one at each end of the room, hut there was no way of f/e: ting into them except hy going through the bedroom. I am obliged to give thU *omowhit tedious description of the chamber, or the reader will not understand the mystery as w saw it. The tire was burning brightlv and was tempt ing, so Gert/ude and I drew our cfuir- up close to it, and enjoyed hali-an-hour'- evy chat, than which I think there is nuthing more de lightful. Presently uv both got tired and wr-nt to bed. How long I had -W-pt I «;.inn-it say: ii iuj-i have been some tune, tor K\w tirv n^-arly out. The tn«--n w,(- strea:ning into thp room when I awoke with a -tart. My wife was -baking me vigorously, j ' H*mr ! Henry wake jp !' -he .^id. and h --r voice tremble i. ?? Something is in the room.' I rubbed my eye?. In my half-conscious state I thought 4* something' might mean a cat, or a mou«e. or perhaps a moth buzzing about. I kn*w my wifa particularly disliked any of these things in her room. ' What is it?' 1 said. I 'Look!'1 she said, pointing towards the fire- | place. The moon-ray»: shone directly upon the ' tire, of which only a fi w red embers remained ; and at first I could not imagine what my wife - was pointing at. Presently I saw there was 1 something between my eyes and the tir#-. At first i* was like a littfe mount nf thin. Iiiue smoke whioh did not move, but seamed to be resting upon the hearthrug. It was about two feet high, but a8? I watched it, it grew talb-r, very slowly but very -urelv. ' What is it, Hf-nry '.' ' I don't -juite know.' I did not get o:jt of bed. but sat th#-re watch ing this thing grow. Jt wa- most fascinating. I cannot say I was fii^htened. lam not a be liever in ghosts. Perhaps I --hould say J u-f* not, and therefoie was niore interested than anything else. ' The place is noi on lire. I suppose iju^ tioned my wife. 41 On, no.' Still this thing went on growing until at fast it stood fuiiy seven 1et:t in height. In shape it was like a pear Ktanding on end, being about three feet broad at the top, whilst at the point where it touched the hearthrug it was only about the sutiv number of inches. At this height it ap|-eared to come to a standstill. f ;r I could not distinguish any further growth, al though I watched it a long time. ,4 What can it nieiin, Henry?' I did not want to tell my wife what Mr. Duns* ton had told me about the room being haunted. I do not know that she would have been actu ally frightened, hut il is rather a shock to be told of a ghost when a shape uncommonly like one is growing in front of you : sol only said, '1 don't know dear. Some curious trick of the moon I think— a reflection from some where.' We were both silent again. I tried to make out if it had anyex.ict shape ; I even tried to imagine it the figure of a man, but it required considerable fancy. CotiKidr red as a man's shape, it had no head, and decreased almost regularly in width from the shoulders to the feet. It was perfectly transient, be cause everything could be r lWly diwerneij the other side of it, and yet it had substance enough for the moon to strike it. Suddenly I shifted my position uneusily, The thing began to roovis — only its upper purl ; it always remained firmly fixed to tl»- same place in the hearthrug. It swayed tht» way and that — now as if moved by a Might drought, now as if blown by a strong wind ; but it re mained intact ; no particle of the thing was dotached. j This wn,w a little bit too inuob, and I could feel tliat my wife was trembling with a fear, I supposed that she did not want to talk about, so I jumped out of bed and went towards tho Apparition. I Btood close in front of it. It had cca^ed to sway now, but stood erect und motionless. I rut my hand through it, but could feel nothing. nut ray faoe into it to see if there were any odour from ft, No. I examined the point in the rug from which it fitartud, but there was nothing to be seen or felt. Vet the thing was tbere. It waB not a reflection. ' I can't make it out,' I said, ' I think it's smoke of soino sort.' I got back into bed, and continued to watch tbo thing. It remained tot eomo time* fpi then gradually grew lew and leas until it en- * entirely disappeared. From first tolaat it must have been visible for two hours. j I did not sleep much more that night, nor ; did my wife. In the morning I told her not to ? say anything to Mm. Dmwton, and said I would I j speak to Mr. Bnnston about it, I j 1 did bo that morning after breakfast. ' He laughed. I j M Mv dear Melville, I Aid not think you wove I superstitious !' _ I M Nor am I. I assure yon there in aoinc*thing I funnv about the room.' I answered. ' I don't ] say it's a ghost, hill it's something.' 'You are not joking, I suppose,' he *aid.' M No.' ' Hecautip one or two people srtid thev have seen something, but they havo never been able to describe it.' u Oh, 1 can.' I answered, and I did, ' Let us go and have a look at the room,' he suggested. \\\\- went. I explained where tbe thing had stood, and we took up the carpet then and there, and examined the floor underneath. There was nothing suspicious about it. ' Well, Melville, there seems no reason for it.' ?' No. there does uot; but the thing was there.' 1 I had a sort of idea that he thought I had imagined the whole affair. j Purmg the reiuaid^r of the day we forgot it : but when night came I knew that my wife did not very much relish the idea of stepping in the room again. Mr. Puustou had evidently told his wife, and she began talking about it after dinner. ' You are not nervous, I hope, Mrs. Melville,' she said. ?' No.' answered Gertrude, in a not very de cided manner. ?* Now. I propose that we all keep watch to night.' said Mrs. Dunston. We all thought it a capital idea. I was par ticularly clad, because Mr. Pun&ton; was so sceptical. I am. a? a rule, in these nutters: but even where gho-ts aw concerned I mu?t believe what I see. ?' How came the room to get a tame for being haunted ?' I asked Mr. Punston over our cigars ' Well, I don't know whv that room should have been pitched upon. Of coarse, the place is such an old one there is no wonder that it has a reputation for being haunted. I eame into the property curiously, you know. The last owner was my cousin. He had only one son. who went abroad for his health when he was quite a young lad. When my cousin died he was sent for, but he never came. He is supposed to have died, or I should rather say he did die. because we have written evidences of his death. Yet it is said in the neighbour* | hood that on the night when he ought to have returned he was s^en in the house by one or I two people. Of course, it was said that it was I his ghost. However, he was never heard of I again, and my father was about to come and ! live here, he being the next of kin : but his j horse took fright in the drive »m the day he | got here : he was thrown, and he only came into thi? hou«e todie.' I ' I expect he died in the 'Blue Boom,'' I said. ?? No. he died in the dining-room. He could not b-?arto be carried up- stairs.' ?? Well, it doesn't throw any light on the mystery of the ? Blue Room ' '* ?? No.'' That night the four of us watched, hut. to my disappointment, nothing came. The moon *hone ii-« on the previous ni_'hr. but there was nothing to bo seen in-fore the H^e. Thi;* gave me an idea that somebody might have been playing a trick upon u«. so I tiied to discover how the ' Blue Boom' was situated in respect to the other part of the house. Looking at it from outside, there were no window- underneath the windows of the 'Blue Koom.' although they were a considerable height from the ground, nor could I discover any room inside which came underneath it. A small morning-room certainly accounted for some of the space, and another room for some more ; but a considerable portion was left un accounted for. I found that a side of this motning-room ran along the outer wall, which would therefoie account for there taring no window.- on the ground Jloor: and. as I calcu lated. the only part which appeared *«o have no room under it was *110 pan by the fiieplace. It was onlv too probable, then, that there was a secret chamber here, from which it wa- pu-sibie to play a trick on those occupying the '? Bin* Hoom.' It mu-t not he imagined that I sacrifice! mv j.r.i t. H, parishioiu-rs for th* c ff th*' s.w: I u.ts ender orin'-Mri divi-over ?. i went into rln viliai-e t very d.*y. and pjid a ruund r-{ M-iu. and anyone who wanted nvj nru^ntly eonld send un to the Grange f rni ?. fiat I will con fess that the mystery wa- uppermost in my thought-. On the night following th* one on which we had all kept watch the thinir anpeared again. Gertrude and I lay awaks waiting for it At tirst, as before, it was only two or three feet high, but it gradually increased. ?4 1 tellyou what : I'll go and call Mr. Duns ton. and let him see for himself,'1 I said. I got out of bed and put on a dressing-gown ; but nothing would induce my wife to stay in i th* room by herself, &o; we went together to Mr. I PunfctonV room. ' I am glad you have called me up,' he said. ' I want to *»ee this apparition.' ' And I want you lo see it, too,'' I answered. 14 It will convince you that it has not been simply our imagination.'' We hurried back to the ' Blue Boom,' Mrs. bunion coming with ue. There stood the 'ghost' on the hearth-rug. slowly increasing in stature, as we bad seen it on the tlrst night. As then, the moon, shining in through the windows, lit up the thin wreath of smoke, and. as then, having grown to about seven fer-t, it began to sway backward and for ward. Mr. Punston approached it— in fact, walked | right through it. I ?' A curious thing, *' he said. 'There must [ be sotne v*rv ordinary reason for it.' I ?? Ves.' I answered, I fear, somewhat doubt fully. for my disbelief in gliosis had been I Oiakcn. | An on the previous occasion, the tigure began io diminish after a time, and finally disap peared altogether. ' I'll have this floor taken up to-morrow,' said Mr. Dunston. 44 1 had no idea that there was any real reason for the story that the Grange wus haunted.' The next morning early a boy came up from the village to say that ' Old Peter' * had been taken much worse in the night, and wanted to see me. PeU?r Gray, or, as he was usually oalled, ' Old Peter,' was one of the patriarchs of the village. His age was unknown, and he was looked up to by all the inhabitants a& an au thority on all thing*. The vicar, before leav ing, asked me especially to visit him, and ac cordingly hardly a day had paused without my j paying him u visit. So telling Mr. Dunston : that I should be back in an hour or bo, I set off j for the village, I I found the old man in bod, and ut a glance I saw that most probably he would never rise from it aguin. Ife seemed rather excited, und 1 motioned me to a beat beside him. 44 Parson,' he begun, in a feeble voice, 'is an «mih binding ?M 41 Yes/' f answered. 44 Aye, but on a dcalh-bed— a .sinful oath, parson, which ought never to have been taken an oath that has tormented me night and day for years --which will torment ine for ever unlesK J break il.'** ' If it Jk a trouble to your conscience, if it is a sin, confess.' 44 Parson, you know the Grange - -Mr, Puns ton's V' « Yes.' ' Did you ever hear its history? Do you know why Mr. Punston i* muster there 7' 14 Yes, he has told im . On the death of the heir — who was u lad— be came into the pro perty.' ' Aye, he died abroad, didn't he ? Po you know that it was naid lie was Keen about the Grange after lie was dead ?' ' Yes, I have heard such a stoiy.'' The old man now raised himsolf in Led. 41 Parson, ho did como back. I saw him.' Although I wm convinced that (lie poor fel low was wandering in his mind, I was inter ested, ' He eame back with the present Mr. Puns ton's father,*' continued the old man, eagerly. 1 raw him more than once, 1 saw him when he was dead. I knew where the boy was hid* den.' I was more than interested now. There was Homothing in the speaker's manner which made me think that he was not wandering after ati, and that he was speaking the truth. 44 What do you mean ?' 1 said. ?4 Parson, it in my oath. Mr. Punston'^ father killed that boy 1 1 saw him when he was dead, and the murderer bound me by an oath to keep the secret. Had I not sworn to do ho, he would have killed me ton. The hoy was buried in a room thov cull the 41 Blue Boom,' deep down under the tloor, where the rats havo eaten him long since, and where the deep water I hides all traces of him. It is very deep, parson, and dark. I have seen it d.iv and night lor years. But the murderer died. too. before he had enjoyed his ill-gotten gains. 1 am glad of that. I am very glad.' I did not know what to think of ' Old Peter's' confessing, ft seemed to be true: but what lie could mnan by the water being deep in connec tion with the M liluo Boom' I was at a loss to understand. I tried to make him tell mo more, but his mind seemed to become a blank after this, and the old man got rapidly weaker, and died soon afterwards. It was almost as if his . strength had only beon kept up lo make his confession On returning to the Grange 1 found Mr. 1 Punston waiting for me. ' I've been thinking. Melville, that ii any thing is wrong about that room, you and I had '? better discover it by ourselves. You will not i mind turning carpenter for the occasion, and. helping me to take the floor up I 44 Certainly uot.' I answered. 'Como along, then ; we will do il at once.' ! With e »nsiderable dilHculty we managed to j remove that portion of tls.- Jtoor over which the ?? ghost' had appeared. I almo-t forgot about ??Old IVtor' whilst I was engaged in this work, hut on getting the hoards up his story came back to me at once. Th* opening disclosed a square brick well, the surf-ice of the water being some sixty feet below. It looked dark and stagnant, and a damp, earthly smell prevailed. Why the well should have been bricked up in this manner it is impossible to -av. but it made one wonder how many victims had had this a- their last resting place. Although we had made this \ discovery, the reason of the 4,gho«' was leftns a matter of a speculation. It may have been the mist rising off the water, which ascended and penetrated into the room, perhaps aidi*d by a current of air which found its way into the well through some aperture. Or it might have been - no, I am not a believer in ghosts- al though I fully believe 'Old Peter's' story was true. I told it to Mr. Punston before I left, and, although he a-*erted that there could be no truth in it. that he eouM not believe such a thing of his father, the faut remains* that soon after mv wife and I returned to town Mr. Puns ton left lhe Grange. I have *ecn a good deal of him since, but I; have never heard him express any intention of going back. 