IN DEACON'S ORDERS. BY WALTER BESANT. CHAPTER IU. — (Continued.) It camo in tho form of a letter to tho Athenarum, in which tho writer pointed out that three atoriea, all bearing the signature of Paul Iliife, were all threo pu bliahed— ho said purloined— from tho pages of an old Ameri- can magazine called the Knickerbocker. .This abominable letter also quoted passages which showed that the tilings were not imitations, but actual copies word for word, line for line, with only the names changed. Paul Baw a reference to tlie letter in tho bill of a morning paper. When ho got tho Athenwitm and read the letter he hastened to chan-e his lodgings and his name. As none of his editors bad ever seen him he was comparatively safe. The unfinished stories in his hands lie would send, ho thought, under another name to other magazines. He_ was not greatly concerned about tho accident. A little paragraph which fol lowed, a few days after, concerned him less, because ho did not seo it. In that paragraph it was stated that the " Paul Iliffe who had just been convicted of copying old stories nnd selling them for new was the Rev. Paul Leighan, who had been turned out of tho Cathedral at the moment of obtaining priest's Orders. "An impudent scoundrel I" said his old Vicar. "I said so before. An impndent scoundrel." " This is his repentance, my Lord," said the Bishop's ciiaplain. Maggie read the paragraph. And this was the man she loved ! Ho tried another editor, writing nnder another name. This suspicious person wrote that the story was very good, but there had been, certain frauds recently practised upon editors, and he must ask him formal reference. He tried again and got mnch the same reply. That game was ended. Tho history of the next year or two is obscure. I do not think that any complote record of it could bo traced. He became the leading tenor in a wandering company of nigger minstrels, and used to sing with great feeling, and witli upturned eyes, songs of the domestic affections. The troupe was only moderately successful, and the Ghost some times refused to walk. It was probably dur ing tho tour, and perhaps in eonscquance of meagre diet, that he began to take irregular nips and drinks. Such a man does not be come a vulgar drunkard, ho sip3 while the drunkard laps ; but the offset is mnch the same in loss of will and nerve, and in de terioration. Perhaps there was little farther deterioration possible. But there was pos sible recovery, and this possibility began to sutler loss. The nigger tronpo came to a calamitous end. Tho manager bolted and the company dispersed and had to get back to town ana other engagements as best they could. Ho paid no visit at all dnring this time upon Maggie. She remained iu her fiat, and expeoted him. Rut lie did not come. Once or twice he wrote for money, but got none. Men like Paul, when they get shabby, "eeaso to present themselves in person. They write begging letters. Maggie visited her friends : men came and proposed to her; a thing which happens very often to maidens who aro both rich and beautiful. She refused everybody and returned to her flat and waited for tidings. Of tho nigger troupe episode sho heard nothing, nor of the stage business, both of which had been carried on under different names. She had read the " Paul Iliffe " incident. Since then there was silence. But she knew that he would come back some day, some time, and, she waited. Sho had boon in love with a ghost: with the original ideal after whom Paul mado up : with the soul, expelled to make room for a devil : she waited for that scul to return to the poor demoniac body. It was at this juncture that Paul went on tlie stage. One of the nigger troupe gave him lessons in the elements of the art ; he was still yonng aud handsome ; his voice was still rich and musical ; his eyes were still lovely, to the young lady of a certain type. He went oil the stage, and he might have got on very well. Fortunately his first part in a travelling company was that of a curate. He played it splendidly; never wo3 a curate played with so much sympathy and reality ; the upward roll of tho eyes never failed to feteli the house ; and the ecclesiastical twang, tho unctuous drop of the voice, the saintly pise of the hands, seemed to reveal a new actor. They talked of the London stage for him. It was only talk, for the piece came to an end and he was given another part, in which great things wore expected of hira, and behold 1 he was a stick. His next step was to the stage of the music-hall as a lion tenor. In this capacity lie returned to tho sentimental ditties of tlie nigger company, and when lie was encored sang '"Twos in Trafalgar's Bay "and "My Pretty Jane " and " Good-bye, Sweetheart. And here lie coutinucd for a space of twelve month. For salary lie did pretty well ; sometimes making £20 a week ana some times less. Ho possessed so much dignity that lie did not become a lion comique, nor did ho put oil fancy costumes nor did lie sing " Ri-tiody-iddy-iddy Ri-ti ti." The domestic affections— " Grandmother's Chair," Grand father's Clock," " The Chord that Cracked," aud sucli themes — pleased his audience. His handsome face and his sentimental eyes — which uow suggested tlie raptures of lawful and connubial love — pleased the people, who always like songs of the domestic affections better than anything else you can give them. As for his private life during|this period, it was that of the prodigal son ; his money was spent in riotous liviim ; over and over again he would have turned out and told off for a swineherd by his associates save for the fact that next week lie was always going to draw another £20 or so. While lie was singing an eneoro one night lie became aware that there was a man in the hall who knew him. In fact, it was his old friend Homcrton Smith who was in the front and had found him. This man sent round his card and followed it. " So, Paul," he said, " This is what you are doing, is it 1" " This is what I am doing. As you see," Paul replied, shortly. " Yes, you've got a very fine voice. Don't you think you might mako a — a moro pro fitable use of it." " Perhaps you havo something more pro fitable to suggest — " " Well — perhaps. Will you como to my chambers and talk ? It is a long time since we met last." Paul hesitated. There mighr be auostions — references to conscience, honor and other deficiencies. His friend looked serious There was that last cheque — enfin, ho nodded, his head and they drove away together. " You will take a soda aud whisky, of course," said iiis friend, " and a cigar ? Here you are— and now—" ho threw himself into a chair and plunged at once into tilings disagreeable. " Your life, I take it, is rough, Paul, isn'r it? Quite so. Rathor. And companions ot tho lower kind, presumably ; not quito so cultivated as your old friends of the Cathe dral aud tlie Church, perhaps. Too much drink, I should say. Views of life rather lower than you used to maintain. Your face, Paul, shows the fact. It is coarsening — and worscuing. You aro still a handsome man, but something lias bcou lost." " One cannot always bo young." "No. Tho last time we met was at the club. You called there and found mo with Euston Janes, who's a journalist. It was the day after the rumpus at the cathedral. You showed us a letter from tho Bishop's chap lain, saying that the B ishop was satisfied of your innocence. That letter was not written by tho Bishop's chap lain. No ; I wrote it. , Homerton Smith, when a man is cornered ho will fight with any weapon — lie must." " You had to go out of tlie civilised world, and you went ont of it with a bounce, just as the actor leaves the stage with a shako of the fist at tho gallery and a sham slam of the sham exit. You dropped out, ami wo wont on without you. It was a pity, Paul. You are ono of those men to whom much ib ul- lowed and almost everytliing is forgiven — I myself— but lot that pass. You might have lived it down, because no one would have spoken of tho scandals, and indeed there would havo been no scandals. A lady, it seems, interfered, and not only repaid the monoy to the Vicar, but took care of— Well — But then came the Paid Iliffe episode. After that it certainly became difficult to return." "It was a false charge," said Paul. " I did what other writers always do. I fonnd my Slots and I used tliem— -Shakespeare did it. I very body does it." " V ery good. You are now on the high road to destruction. Say, old man " he sat up and spoke earnestly, " why don't yon go up in tlie world instead of down ? I think it must bo quite as easy." Then began, with tho help of this Samari tan, a new experience for Paul the Deacon. He got a variety entertainment written for him with songs and sketches, something after the style of Mr. Corny Grain. Ho was not a very versatile actor, because his strength lay almost wholly in the sentimen tal lino, but he could play well and his voice was still very good. The life of tlio variety entertainer is chequered with light anil shado ; it is hilly, all up and down, with no high levels, and sometimes there arc broad bottoms in the valleys. Tlio entertainment lasted, with the help of friend Homerton Smith, the wholo winter. Then Mr. Homer ton Smith being called abroad, the outer- tainor went bankrupt. He went through tho court and had to confess before lie got his dischargo that he was none other than tiie deacon who was refused priest's orders undor such startling circumstances. This amused and astonished the world, bccauso when a man is knocked into space by such An accident wo never expect to hear of him or from liirn any more. Nobody knows whore they go or now they live. I would willingly pass over tlie next pas sage, bnt the story must he followed out to the end. When lie left the Court of Bankruptcy ho Mid, for all possessions, the clothes lie stood in and a few pounds in his pockets. He might have gono back to tlie music-hall, but he was afraid. Everybody now know from the papers that lie was in Orders— in Dea con's Orders only, it is true, but the people do not observe nice distinctions. Ho might have had himself advertised as tlie "Rev. Paul Leighan, B.A., Lion Tenor," and gone on to meet the applause of the multitude. That method occurred to liirn. Or lie might go ou without- tuking any notice of the ex posure and be " guyed " by tlie gallery. Not even tlie most brazen of music-hall singers likes being guyed by the gallery, if only be cause the proprietor considers the fact in the next adjustment of salaries. Paul was still extremely sensitive to tho opinions of the house. He did not face the gallery. He became, or tried to become, a journalist — that is, a picker up of odds and ends. He ran about at night collecting things : he haunted the outskirts of crowds : lie stood about in bars of taverns. But lie never made a good penny-a-liner. He did not know what was wanted, or where to look for it. The true purveyor of flimsy must have some knowledge of humanity, together with some sympathy. Paul had only studied one speci men of humanity — himself. This business, never very snecessfnl, camo to a sadden end — a crash — a disaster — a col lision. The law, in fact, was going ono way with great steadiness and resolution, anil Paul was going the other way, and they met, witli the result that Paul, being wrecked, went into seclusion for six months. You must not, you see, sell to a tradesman the support of the whole London Press — Times, Daily _ News, Standard, Telegraph, Post, Chronicle, and all — unless you are able to carry out your pledge. They called it obtaining money under false pretonces. And once more tho Rev. Pan! Cannington Leighan, B.A., figured in the papers, and once more a good part of his record was pub lished for all the world to read, including the scene at tiie Cathedral, the reason why — oqlv half correct — tho Paul Iliffe episode and tlie bankruptcy. Margaret, in her flat, read the paper. Paul had not sfeen her sineo that day when he camo straight from the Cathedral. Sho had rend of him from time to time— read of his disgraces and his shames. The man was hopelessly disgraced, degraded and ruined. Nothing could uow restore him to his former Dlnce. No reucntauco could brine him back to the world of honor. Yet he had still before him all his life — be was not yet 30. There is always hope for the young— at least it is happily soThouglit and taught— for my part, seeing the intensity of tho temptation for tho yonng, I doubt whether their case is more hopeful than that of tho old, who may be vicious, bnt are no longer deluded by imagination. "He will come back to mo," she said. " I suffered him to kiss mo, to speak of love, in the midst of his disgrace. I havo made him part and parcel of myself. When he comes hack to me I will " What could she do? (To be continued.) 