THE OVERSEER M INDA. GOO- A TALK OF THE STATION.-THK (•OLD FIELD, AND THE BUSH. CHAPTER VI. " ins WHO KITS WITH THE DEVI1. Ml'ST t'SE A LOSO SPOON'."' Bt Swrr Bokt.abk, Author o! "Tbe Mysteries of MdlKiame," "Tales of the Bosh," "The Ni|ibt Fos-iii-kers of Moon- 1ifcht Flat," " Vaobaodandah Station," 4c., &<•. Wo will now return to Cooinda Station, iu »irder to discover what has been occurring tliere, and what .made Ned Joyce, the overseer, write so urgent a letter to Dan Maedonald. As -wo shall have very much to tell, we must do it in as few words as jpossible. When, on the occasion of their -parting, Joyce had declared to our hero tiiat George Barrineton would be a dangerous companion for his futhci, after the latter had once made a will in his favour, he had pretty clearly foreseen that euuh a will would bo made, and had also accurately guessed how George would speed on the quick decease of his benefactor iilterwards. Always a man of sudden impulses, no sooner did Mr. Maedonald disc-over that young Harrington's beauty was for ever destroyed by liis sons knife—the beauty that was so much like that of a girl, and moreover of the only girl whom he had ever loved, and whose bare memory whs almost an idolatry with him— than the will was made; and George was, furthermore, told as a balm for his sufferings, which for a week or two were rather' severe, that he was henceforth the heir of Cooinda, that Dun was cut off with a shilling, and that for the future lie would have 110 other son but liiin. Of course, Oeorge expressed his gratitude as well as lie was able, winch was very well indeed, for the gift of the gab was the only gift, except his good looks, that Nature had bestowed upou liiin ; mi that he'd always been »Mo to say a dozen words to Dan's one, ever well chosen, whilst Dan"* were as frequently as not a blunder. There win be 110 doubt but that George really did feel grateful to his benefactor for at least a week, or perhaps even a month, but then he began to reflect how milch tnoro gracious it wo"ld be of the squatter to die and leave hiui Cooinda, and all its wealth in sheep, i^ttle, and what not, without any unnecessary loss of time. As for murder he had 110 heart for that, but lie knew very well that there was a vca))on, witli '* the handle towards his hand." which Mr. Maedonald would lose no time in killing himself with. When Oeorge's mother had jilted him, lung years ago, the uow squatter had sought relief in wine; and when, later on. his wife had died (slam bv his; neglect. am! .-old, undispiusod (xmtempt), a .paroxysm of remorse, that -came all too late, had driven him to brandy for comfort. From that time forth the Drink -Fiend had visited him whenever there ivas the slightest chance of his being welcomed, and on each occasion his unfortunate .host had been .more and more tardy in showiuc him the door, ticorgc Barrington knew of this.; knew that l)an, at bis father's request, hud kept the key of the wine and spirit room, and never used ic, i>y his fathers .desire, except when bash hospitality, in the case of visitors, rendered it uunpuleory. Both Dan and George had been brought up as strict abstainers, Air. Maedonald often declaring that he would rather follow them to their graves than eves see them become moderate drinkers, for he hated the Tempter who was always at his elbow, and kneiv that he never could have obtained such an -influence over him had he notin the first iuetance invited his acquaintance. And now that Tempter was to have an ally in George Bariington, for ho was trusted with the key of the wine and spirit room just as Dan had been, and Mr. Maedonald charged him to lock away therein even what was decanted as soon as ever visitors had taken their departure, and not to trust the key for a single instant out of his own possession. The squatters temples were bedewed with perspiration, and there was a kiud of hunted look in his eyes whiist he issued these directions. "He is reproaching himself for the way he Las treated Dan. so uow is the ti-iie or never; besides regret niay lead to forgiveness, and where should I be then ?" reflected George to himself. Eagerly he awaited a. favourable opportunity of putting his plot into execution, and it cause that very d;iy. Mr. Slacdonald's next-door neighbour, a squatter living twenty-live in lies away, earns over in a towering passion to dismiss the question of free selection, which was just beginning to agitate the colony, and stir up the bile of the .entire squatting interest, and this added •to Mr. Macdoiiald's worry of mind considerably. reeling that his secret enemy was standing closer to his elbow than usual, he bade Oeorgo be very careful that- a decanter of toast and water, labelled Sherry, should be placed next him during dinner, and one of pure water, labelled Hollands, during r'essert, so that " ha migl:t *cem to be doing the hospitable without the necessity of taking anything that would impair his digestion," for that was the way in which his self-resjiect induced him to put it to lis adopted son, and not to drink glass for glass with your guest, was at that time considered in Australia as the very essence o£ inhospitality, and even incivility. Well, the toast-and-watcr was all right, but with dessert George made the intentional mistake of placing a decanter of real Hollands at his benefactor's elbow. At the first taste he bestowed upou his adopted son a glance iu which absolute terror was mingled with reproach, but George made pretencc not to observe it. a.ud looked as innocent and free from guile as any Iamb frisk- »ng on the hill-side. Mr. Maedonald was constrained by the laws of politeness to finish his glass, but when he had done so he no longer felt any desire that the next should be water, for the terrible craving bad by that time taken possession of Jlim afresh, and his only regret soon was that his visitor was only a moderate drinker, and that when he declared that he would have uo more, "good form"' forbade, him from going on drinking himself. But George Harrington continued his wilful .mistake by leaving out the unfinished decanter of Hollands, whilst he sedulously locked all the " rest away, the one containing the pare water included, and when Mr. ILiedonald came back indoors and discovered what his protege hud done he chuckled with delight-, and raising the . decanter to hie lips drained it to the last drop. The Drink Fiend had huu 110 longer as a ii.ure antagonist, but grovelling under his feet as a victim. That night, with the eravmg stronger than ever on him, he stole into Georgivs bedroom and felt in all the pockets ot his cast-aside frothing for the key of the wine and spirit efcore, obtaining which he crept oat of the .chamber- weijt §tr;',:™ht thereto, laid hold of a brandy bottle, carried it oft iu triumph io ll,^ dining-fooni, adroitly struck oif the uttk 1 {colonial fashion) with the back of a "vV.ife, raid gleefully resigned himself to a. solitary crgie. The next iiioruiilg he was discovered lying oil the sofa, clasping an empty bottle to his chest, his hands torn and bleeding, hi-v.eyes wild and bloodshot, and shrieking mit"* that devils werp all round him, and tlias all night Jong they had been setting black eats at him to tear his eyes out-. Then he begged them to dug from off him the huge toai, as big as a will stone, that was sitting on his chest and «pittirig poison into his mouth, and straightway commenced to shriek and to scream afresh, as though he was under the torture. He was, in fact, a victim to the horrors, tliat awful madness produced by drink, iu which the very tortures and terrors of hell seem to lie endured by the miserable victim, and which in Knglaud is more mildly entitled delirium -tremens. Once reduced to this condition, the erst strong, healthy, iron-willed man was soft and jdastic as clay iu the potters hand, for George to do what he would with. George, of course, sent off to the nearest •fcush township for a doctor, aiid the doctor brought round his patieut for the time, but told George, whose devoted attention and apparent affection for the sick man much impiessed him in the youth's favour, that he could cure him on thisoccasion, though another eui.-h attack most prove fatal. But with oue wishful, and even' eager, to tiring it about, hoiv was a recurrence.of the jnalady to be avoided 1 George made a great j-hop- of keeping the temptation out of his way, but on this occasion Mr. Slacdonald jnevcr recovered sufficient command over him-, *®lf to even fight against hi- besetting sin, .-is lie had always done before. Ho would, indeed, ofteu petition i>is adopted son for just one glass of spirit; and George, after pretending to stand out, always yielded - indeed, how new could he help •yieldingV He had already done the. devil's work, and the devil could now at last do very «-ell without him. It was too late to undo the mischief he had ^wrought, even had he attempted it. There were many, therefore. ;it <.'ooiui:;t Statioif who acquitted him of all blame in the matter; indeed, it would have 1»h-u a dittienk matter to have discovered any one who did not, jsivo and except Ned Joyce, the overseer, upon whom it Aafihed from the very first i though h« <-< -iild not have explained how or wh<>), tlnit by thif vvrv method George IJarricgtcn would oii'.uv' *.-> destroy his benefa«tor, and ina 1 .^ Iiimse'i tii' o\\* tier of Cooinda and a fortune of nsraii forty fU thousand pounds ayeai - . U; felt assured tliat Dan's return alone could Iiiir. his inheritance an<l his father his Jiff^ i.ui «.)>< 1\. It eame to look for Dan's letl?r "•ntaining i. f,u:':e,:= ho conld not find it, 11..1 •iid 1«. for weeks .di-1. i l.y (hat thn« it was \- v< iv i-roblcmatics] wle.;'.e» it v.iu-.v t..o for a warning to do the least good to anybody, for there was every symptom about the poor squatter that another attack of the "horrors" was close upon him, in which case not only his days, but liis very hours, would be numbered. \- He, however, sent the warning off, hoping that it might do some good, and little guessing that it would have the effect of leading his young favourite a great deal nearer to death's door than was even—at all events at the period of its dispatch—his wretched father. Yet were the stars in their courses fighting against Sisera. There is no accounting for the actions of a madman, and he who is once clutched by the "horrors" is a madman to all intents and purposes. Wliilst his second attack was as yet in embryo, Mr. Macdonald took a sudden and violent aversion to the youth whom ho had hitherto loved dearer than any son. No one perceived his aversion but its object, but his keen perceptions were particularly open to such a change of sentiment; so much might possibly dejiend upon it. Hurt his feelings it did not, for he had none, but alarm him it very naturally did, and it caused him to watch his benefactor as a hungry cat might watch a remarkably sleek mouse. Ii«t as there are places into which sracn a cat cannot pursue such a mouse, so there were plaees in which George could not at all tines follow Mr. Macdonnld; for, knowing how he was now regarded, he had no longer-the courage to thwart his will. So when one day the squatter cursed him (perhaps because in his madness he could read the lad's bad, black heart more truthfully than when he was sane, a maniac's perceptions being wonderfully shrewd and accurate, in some things), und afterwards rushed into his bedroom and locked the door behind him—George could only kneel down and peer through the keyhole at what he was abourlle saw quite enough, however, to fil! him with agonised desp;ur, for Mr. Maedonald took out of a drawer a document which George could perceive was endorsed "will," and proceeded to tear it into the smallestshreds, thereafter niiiking them into a little hr-ap in the fender, and applying to them a lighted match. <Icorge knew full well that the act made him a Oeggar, and that when his benefactor dhd. as in a fe>.- vieel:s. perhaps djys, he probably would, that his onlv -jou Dan would inherit everything as his lieir-i\t-iaw, so Ul-.tt, all hi; scheming and all iiif s:u would not benefit him a single tittle. Little did he giuvs, however, whilst thus giiiiig -.v;sy to de.sji:iir, that ;; now weapon \v<.n!d presently be vii'ered to his hav.d, and that he lei^iiC yet be able to mill O.Mi by nie'iiis of Dau'.s be.-l friend. CHATTER Ylf. NKH .R-IVI: IX nkiv (-HA[;v i;:::. A II.\I OK .sT.U;T;.IN<; iNvne:N"i:s. The ni-xt day was dentined to h.- one nf the n.M^t st.n liii;^ varied events. In the Srst place the h"irors sei/.ed tipoo the poor sipiatter in :<n ;!?gravat."d ami n;o=t terrible form, and the doc:t;r was at once sent for to Cooloomurra township, and ou airival, declared that Mr. Macdouald had not three days to live, for that opiates would have no power over hint, and he would die from the exhaustion occasioned by battling with the imaginary fiesids, and other sliapes of terror that beset liiin. Two lusty stockmen controlled liiiu as well as they Id. and they liad to be caiistantly re-iieved by others, it required such strength 10 hold liim'doTii, whilst his shrieks of terror could be heard even far away from the house. As for Georere Harrington, he wouldn't suffer him to be near him. and thus it was that the villainous young rascal, whilst wanderiug distracted aoout the house, came to overhear what seemed to place position and fortune once more within his grasp. But we must go back a little, in order to render matters more easily understood. •J ust when Mr. Maedonald was at his worst, .three mounted troopers arrived at Cojiuda Station, in charge of a busliruneer, whom they had recently captured, and who had for long been a terror to those parts. They were on their way to Bathurst with him, iu order to safely lodge him iu the gaol of tliat city, but the route was a long one, the bush townships were few and far between, and they and their horses being both hungry and weary they had called at tr.e Cooinda home station iu passing for that rest and refreshment which are never rtfused at such places under such circumstances. Tiiey were received by Xed Joyce, who, as overseer, had had his office thereover since his master, owing to his vicious ludulgencies, had been less able to get about than formerly, aud iu the crotehetty fidgettiness occasioned thereby had also required, or thought that he required, to see-aud consult with him much more frequently: for though Ned had always 3 lie tended that he couldn't, write, he was a capital manaeer. and a remarkably shrewd man of business, even as many English merchants were- hi the ohk-11 time, who couldn't so much :\s sign their names. Why l* cd r.Iieeted to be unable to write the reader will be able to guess; in the course ot a very few minutes. Ned seemed to be very iiiv.i-b jiertnrbed by llie api)c.irii!li.-J O! oue ui tiie visitors, who vvoieon the sleeve of his siicrt i-lne tunic the tlirce chevrons of a sci^eaiit, and vriio in turn !i:;d rccopiiist-cl iiim as old a:'.jiiaiiitauco at first si«)it. Telling his ttvo suljoidinaters to take the bushianjiOr oujj-ide, to guard inm securely, :uid to si:f.»»t ijim if he made an attempt at e^cjjje, he, directly they had obeyed him, less the shooting, turned to the overseer with a cheery. ; " Well, iny hearty, it don't seem to ir.e loug _ o since w« were mates in the cliaiiigaug at Cockatoo Island -you as a lifer, f<>r perliap* j the cleverest and most ilaring forgery over j)cr- { pcti':Ueo\ Hy George ' your escape was .just as clever ievtr in m itf way. and made a amongst us. I shouldn't wonder if e.en now the authorities would give a liundre J guineas to know where you are at the prc-em mouieiit." "Oh, Adam, have mercy on me and don't peach. 1 erred under great temptation-- Heavtn alone knows how great—and eve:- since my t-scape, six years ago, 1 have tried to atone for the fault by leading an honest an i a useful life. You are in a respectable position again, and I congratulate you, so for pity's sake do not envy mine or try to deprive rae of it." rejoined Ned Joyce, with the great- bead, mental agony coming out thick upon his brow. "Yes," jiusivcred tiie sergeant, "* 1 got a free pardon for informing the authorities of a murderous outbreak that my fellow yellowbiids lueditaSed, and then tliey si1»;ation in the I'-in-e, on the old principle of set a thiei to eaten it thief, you know. My ingenuity in that usel'ul an ice-- advanced m-i to the stripes, ssye.n sle, and 5":u just think iiig of what a:- c'-:t:a fealhvr in my cap it would be were ! to take von oif with me in company with that bii-hraiiginu fciloiv." "Oh, mercy, i.'.- r '- ga-jie-i Ned again, falling on his kis- " Are you man or devil; Do you forget he : u.,: vd von iu the wrisun liosjiital, when meie dov.'ii v/ith gaorfci er, aurl no one else w^uld volunteer for the dut.v "Wei 1 , yes. 1 di. remember //.-{','' said the sergeant,- iuteiniptiii^' him: "and as it de- Son.'.' ^i'atitm'iC 1'tji readv to it V for, Ubii- r tr.e ciicrtiiisUiiices. a s-i' a .:I juice. Come, prick u}i your ears and listen to my terms. ,s 1 shrev.d a teiiuw as yoii arc can #.-5 at jour employer's chequebook. 1 make no doubt, aud ! ':n sliil surer that you could (ill up ! one tor i'.'i-Jit. and .sigii his name at the bottom : of it 1*1 a hand that i-e wouldii t know f roni his own : mid also that in three days' time he won't lie in a ceii-.iilion t-,i know "it Iram his ov. 1), for tlu-1 M-llijif; that by th.-.'i iie. will !mdc.d. Con.c, that elie.jue is the price of vonc freedom, end itJi Ik: :i safe u:ider • tiie <:;retin:slali!-es. v ; It is painfi-.l cnongh T: cunteniijlaU' writhing* of a -.voiin upou ii.-h-lif>:,!t, S'. will i:ot (jWi 11 ii|k: the si leriici's ,.f p en- ; human cr< atnie inst orise; v a;:.i .-Jf,. ::;Jiy ; iiii;ialed. ! \ were his pleading: his prayers, his ; siq')i!ica--iei]s. The s' l-gcant wa - as inexorable ! as Shylocl: for his jioliiid of llesh ; and Mr. ! Maedonald, harms no susjticion of a man who he believed couldn't write, had been a-- ciistomed to !:eeji his chequebook in an unlocked drawer in that veiy itw»m which he had also frequently u.-ed 13transact his own special bu'iiiie.-s in. So, in the end. Ned Joyee purchased his fi>.-edom with tin- sclf-resjieet and honour which he had been slowly winning baek during the preo-ding half-de/jii y.-ars. and an lioir biter, after eating ;;ud clriniiinir of the very !x-st tli-.C Cooir.da alfordc d, !Ser;;eant Adams r.ide ;v.vay with his bushranger prisoner and his tivo troopers, ssixi wi:h the i'ei'O-eherjoe i:1 his p<H-ket. and his mind made up that as soon as ever he'd lodgi-d hi- man in lJathurst Oaol he'd get leave of absence, take Cobb's coach to : Sidney, and <-ash it. at the Hank of Australia before th« news should roach so far that ti)e wealthy owner of Cooiuda iv:'> .i.-:e] or ev.-n dying. The poli.i- hadn't taken their departure very lomr when George Harrington entered the room in wind, Ned Joyce still sat, starin-eved andojicn-mouthedasthongha ghost confronted him from an o!M>osite eonie^aud closin-the door, said to him quietly ..uictly - - V sue '^ed. yoiivepnt yourself to sniiie troubl to tiblige a friend, and now you must put vours=>-lf toa. iitth: iiinre tn o'.Jige lile- liefor.j you scfn.-e, fjl'tiv me to inforui yon that yon keyhole has served both my eye and my ear, and i*.:,'ie n.. afpiainted with everything; the h'!--e;ii io i..e I- arnt from which is that you are ii"\v every bit as mui-li ill my power as in this sergeant"--," and so sayimr ho sat down and indulged in a ])liiisaut little l;ill«h. iiuiaiiig Ned Joyce didn't jilead for iuerc>- from Groige Harrington-- jierhaps he Inie-.v that it would not In- any good ; or, again perchance he hail lost as much Self-respect as he had to iie that as it may, he simply rejoined "Th j game seems to be jonrs, Master George, so if ; you think that I'm the winning card in you* i hand play me as you will." I " Spoken like a good sensible fellow,'' | laughed the young reprobate. " 111 tell you ; pat and plain how tho matter stands. My ' generous benefactor made a will just after his | son went away, givinsr me everything, and T hope you don't mean to deny that a m:ui has a ; right to do what he likes with his own j "Certainly not It would be very unfair if ' he couldn't. " ' "Then I hope you don't mean to assert that a man is accountable for his actions when he's mad • I don't assert or deny anything. I only want to know what you exjiect tuo to do "Just to rewrite out the will which my generous benefactor made in my favour when he knew what he was about, and destroyed when lie didn't, and which bequeathed to me everything that he possessed. I have the testimony of others that you can imitate his signature so well that even he himself wouldn't . know ic from his ouu, and the witnesses were Joe Day and Bob Andrews, whose signatures you wiU be sure to find at the foot of the filed ; receipts for their last quarter's wages." f "Was the will read out to them before they witnessed it, do you know i "Not a word of it. "Twas folded down, and they only saw the attestation clauses ojipjsite to which they had to write their nauies." . ] " And this was some nine months ago, j=ist after Master Dan went away';" I ""Within a week of his departure, and the ; will gave me everything, cutting him o!f ivitii j a shilling. It didn't fill half a page of foalseap, , and was so simple that any one could manufacture a similar cue." " Any one with some experience that iv.»" I suppose you mean":" No, I mean any oue without e.sperienee. There is a boik railed *' Every Alan's Own Lawyer" on yonder shelf. He took his fi.mi out of that. Lookout the title Wills, and you will find the page turned down to that special form, so that you need not bs .1 word out. Stay, though, you may add half a dozen lines to the original, something after this manner—'' And 1 five and bequeath to my overseer. Edward Joyce, as 1 jken that I .appreciate his six years of mo=t faithful service tiesum of to be paid o-.it of iny personal estate." There, old felioiv, that'll convince von that 1 ain't one of the mean sort, added to which, a nmiith after my benefactor's der_-c:v-e, 1 shall tai.=e your salary u> the extent of i'S) a jear. *• Von are generous, and 1 owe you my lisst thanks.'" --aid >,ed J jyee, with an expression ill his f.-co that looked like gratified greed if it looked like anything, and so George Harrington lead it, construiiis it to mean that the overseer was bound tightly to iiii interests. " ^ ou n;ay l-ely 0:1 lue," Ned now said, " for yon have bought liie when you might have sold me. Have no fear but that wh«-:i the lawyer comes irt.m Cooloomurra to read the will, for I presume that you ivill go in for the usual, formula, ->ue .shall be ready for hiru that hn will be able to find 110 Haw in, s« allow me to <-oi)gratula.te the presently new proprietor or Cooinda npon his truly liiajruiiiwnt poss^-ssions." And rising to his feet, !Ned Joyce n;;u!e the sci.'eming j'oung scoundrel as hiuisble an obeisance as even Uriah H'-< 1 3 > Vj'il'1 h.i'-e managed to get outuf his most pii-.ible shof.ldcrs and jiiokbom'. I lircetlv had <puttcd the office, liovi-iiver, the (jverfeer's expression aud r;i '.itner under went a great chacir.?, and almost rushing to cue of the many dj^avrers that the room contained he tore it violently oiien, aud took thereout one of the many reams of foolscap paper that had only arrived the previous day from Sydney. Opening the packet with trembling fingers, lie was presently holding up a sheet of paper to the light, and no sooner had he done so thau he muttered to himself "I will foil him yet. 1 will make them believe me wh ither they like it or not. Thank heaven I need not for long continue so mean and contemptible a thing a? 1 felt myself to be half an hour ago, v.'he-.i I purchased my freedom with yet another crime. Let me but accomplish this one thing to my satisfaction, and they may send me back to Coekatoo Island as soon as thiy like—aye, j soon as they like—though it is a perfect hello: 1 j earth," and theoverseer sank back half-faintin into a chair. '' ! j ; j • I ! ! | S } ! j ! i I I • ( i 