.M.C A. WINTER LECTUEES. a- »..' E. H. CNramnr, B.A., B.Sc., ON MERUlL TELEGBAPHY. ; Tlie Y.M.C.A. did a wise tiling in securing the services of the Eev. E. H. Sugden to in- » augurate their winter course of lectures. Mr. iSi^gden is Principal of Queen's College, Mel- • /;toume, an advanced educational institution affiliated with the University. The splendid which greeted the lecturer on Friday -^Vetting must have been gratifying alike to the to Mr. Sugden himself. The Subject, "Mental Telegraphy," was an inte- \- resting one, and was handled in a popular rnan- •.. ner which enchained the attention of the .j,;' audience throughout. The interest was £uriher enhanced by a number of limelight illus- ;jtrations. Mr. Sugden is not clerical in manner, though ? he. wears the regulation dress of a cleric, and in his style he suggested rather the barrister than the ecclesiastic. He is dark, clean shaven, with the exception of side-boards of the smallest proportions : his features are good . and Lis speech betrays Hibernian nationality or descent. Mr. E. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc., occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer, who Baid: Man was a social animal, who possessed the power of communicating his thoughts to other men. The usual method of thought transference was by speech, which was so perfect that other methods had disappeared. Vocal speech,- however, was not the only method of communicating thought, as animals and insects could communicate with each other. They had the power, apart from speech, of receiving mental impressions. It was probable that man once possessed this power, which he had lost through disuse. There still remained, however, some traces of this lost power. No doubt man once possessed the faculty of locality in a larger degree than at present, and there were some aboriginal tribes who made large use of gestures in communicating with each other. Another method was that which was called thought-reading, but which was really muscle- reading. That which such entertainers as Stuart Cumberland, and Mr. Bishop practised, was really muscle-reading, and was directed by certain slight movements of the muscles. It was quite simple, and he would give one or two illustrations in proof of his contention. Mr. Sugden then submittod to be blindfolded, and very cleverly found a person on the platform of whom the chairman had thought, and took from him a walkingstick and gave it to Mr. Goode, according to the written directions of Mr. Chappie, which had been deposited with the Chief Justice. Mr. Sugden also found a pin which had been hidden by Mr. Ashby. It was evident that in neither of these experiments was there any pre-arrangement or collusion. The lecturer said that in »vhat he had done there was no thought-reading or any spiritualistic secret. ' When the mind was intently fixed on any direction in space, the muscles refused to go in any other direction. It was easy to feel the tendency of the muscles, and all the -thought-reader had to do was to follow the \- line of least resistance, and keep on. If the subject were a good one, a word of which he haA thought could be written on the blackboard. There must, however, be contact with the subject or this sort of thought-reading could not be done. There was, however, a method of thought transference without contact. Mr. Sugden went to describe some ex- • pieriinents made by the Society of Psychical ^Research in connection with two men, named ? Blackburn and Smith. It was conclusively proved by these experiments that where there ,' , no contact at all some amount of thought ' transference took place. Smith carefully blindfolded and with his ears plugged with putty, " able to reproduce certain drawings of 'rv ; figares' 'and animals which 31ackburn had . him and upon which he had been intently thinking. Similar experiments con- \- ducted in Paris, at Leipsig, and elsewhere had J ' demonstrated the same thing. The result.of ;'these experiments was shown by a number of ' j illustrations shown with the limelight lantern, original figure being shown side by side ii.fr with the copy. It must be admitted that the was very close indeed in some cases. ; Sugden said that the subject explained v>ina > ny of the so-called facts of spiritism.. AnwU 'fcwers purporting to come from the spirit world ^frmlr the alleged presence of spirits of departed 'K'persons were nothing more than thought transv^-.jference from the living questioner to the t medium. Many ghost stories, such as a child ^^iteieing. its mother at the moment of her death, ^wtnph, occurred many iniles away, and other instances, were the result of thought ^^n-Rference. Thought transference furnished, fe^i^ltv^n' Analogy of the influence of the Holy oji, the human mind. The practical ^catiqn was that when men wished . to good influence they should be good. It s'iist' what a man said hut what he was that 's ,.4'Yilj fe&vjbthers.; 