CHAUGINO HOUSES. If three removes areas had as afire — Mid proverbs, wetnbw,- always speak the truth — the man who frequently; changes his residence must be con siderably out of pocket. And he taust be a man of admirable disposi tion if the irritations a change of house involves do not put him out of temper. For days, and often for weeks together, everything lie most wants is sure to be missing, and he lives in perpetual dis order and discomfort. His ' women kind' probably enjoy the excitement and the novel kind of house-work. They have much to do, and like doing It ' ; he has ? muehto endu re, '? and : hits not even a den into which he can escape from the distraction. ? For . the so-called 'study' is 6ure to be. the room into which all superfluous boxes, litter, and furniture are placed, in ?order, as the servants declare, to be out of the way. How ardently the master of the house wishes that he ?could be oat of the way also i It takes a long time to make a house fciome. The rooms in which we have Jived and loved and suffered are not ^without their memories ; they become ?& part of our life, and in a new abode there is that sense of strangeness, at times almost of desolateness. which the traveller feels oil the first night of his arrival in a foreign city. He scarcely knows how to describe his feelings, but is conscious of a restlessness like that of the dog which turns round and round upon the hearthrug before settling to sleep. It is difficult to leave an old home for a new one with out feeling that the continuity of life has been broken. Another leaf is turned over, and by this change we seem to be nearer the end of the book and the 'finis' written on the last 'page. And if, as may happen, we are wholly free from sentiment of this kind, there is always the suspicion, especially iu what is pertinently styled a ' builder's house,' that something wrong will be discovered. Even sur veyors are known to have been bribed ; *nd one has heard before now of a plumber without conscience. We know the faults of an old residence by heart, and by degrees grow fairly reconciled to them : they are like blemishes in the face of a friend. When we change houses, however, it js with a view to some disadvantage ; cud the fear lest we may lose more 3,han we gain is one of the fretting -oarcs familiar to new tenants. We make- life more difficult by imaginary wants, and burden our houses with useless lumber. For any real service or pleasure it affords us, many a carefully-packed ornament or piece of furniture might as well be thrown away. And the folly of accumu lation is never so evident as when irn attempt to readjust our baggage in a new residence. There are folk who treat old furniture , with the con .'nfnnnv rlnfl to ftlrl frifinda. No ?matter how ugly or inconvenient it may be, they cannot be in duced to part with it, and will 'Cherish a cumbersome wardrobe or table with the reverence . felt by a bibliomaniac for the first folio of Shaks qspeare. There is something, perhaps, respectable in this regard for the chairs -.and sofas upon which we have sat in \bygone years ; but it may be carried to a ridiculous extent. If our grand father left Behind him a bedstead as 3arge as the Great Bed of Ware, that is scarcely a reason why we should burden our house with such an en cumbrance. Yet we know one lady so warmly attached to family furni ture as to take a much larger house than she needed in order to make .room for it ; and another so devoted to the memory of a long deceased relation as -to allow the house in which he bad lived to fall into decay. Dust, cob webs, and rats occupy the rooms which the impious hand of man must not touch ; and the ghost of this revered .-relative would not recognise the home ?which is kept sacred to his memory. It is well for us, perhaps, in taking ^possession of a house bearing on it the stamp of years, that we are ignorant of its past h istory . Many a sad tragedy is enacted of which the world knows nothing : many a tale of defeated hopes .anight be listened to if there were 'tongues in walls. For the most part, among ordinary people, life goes on, to all outward appearance, with monoton ous regularity ; but could we see beneath the surface,, we should find that few families escape altogether from calamities which mark as with a red cross the doors of the houses in -which they were suftered. Happily, it is enough for us to know the present condition of a house ; we have neither the wish nor the power to read its past history. If there was pnee a skeleton in the closet it may be hoped it was carried away by the last inmates with the rest of the furniture. What we have to do on taking posses sion is to resolve, as far as lies in our tpower, to convert the house into a iioine, and to fill it with fragrant memories. And to do that depends upon character far more than upon -surroundings. One bright happy face, tone unselfish nature, will fill a houBe, we know not how, with sweetness and light ; and in every room a shadow will be cast when .there is a want of ? sympathy and affection in the family ?circle. A noble-hearted woman said that in living to serve others she had a home within ; and doubtless such ser vice, done lovingly, as in the great Taskmaster's eye, will make a home of any house, no ti*atter how mean and ugly may be its outward appear ance . ? - The Mormon Temple at -Salt lake City is built in the form of » true ellipse, and, although it is *-f enormous dimensions, it is so Well constructed i» regards acoustics that a person stand ing in the locus at one end can carry on a conversation in arfwhisper with ?oaf one =in the tocaf atUie' other The LIWHTHOUSte*! » Wearing to all sear mm. The ' Lighthouse KfenseDa /OH' is a Hewing to all Undsrnr-n. Give* snort light Sates your eyc». 