THE STORY-TELLËR. _? ? i-- nv-irrvnfVii ? OMAN'S LOVE. ?y During th» assizes held ia a^ southern city, the court was. crowded to its utmost capacity, while aú|impatient mass of sway- ing humanity awaited tiie verdict outside. It was a 'case of phénoménal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, Compan- ions since childhood, had set tjbmeelves to earn fame and fernie, or the latter at least, in their natirt^plaee; Albert Mus frave as au artist, Herbert Oadsón as a octor. Their love for each other was brotherly: yet love proved the*gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinat- ed with the charms of a sunny haired, bright eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favours wore fairly equally bestowed between these two. One morning folk Were hor- rified with the the report of murder. Musgrave had been shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the tablo a {few inches below the dead body. The ballet, which, after passing through his head' had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted tho chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver coutained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Oadeou within 24 hours of the crime. He was known to have been at the house at the time ot. the murder as nearly as possible. All these things he fully admitted. Only, one-fact he denied, but this was the evidence jthat chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house ; indeed she had spoken to him, but he strangely passed ber, refusing to speak. The general evidenoe against him was so overwhelming, there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner bad condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. Counsel had laboured fer and against. The judge had summed np- the points of the case; the jury retired to consider. The breath- less hush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve mon solemnly took their seats. "Guilty, or not guilty P" "GnUty." . A piercing shriek,awf ul from its burden of agony, rang through the court. Edna's unconscious form was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. Through- out the trial the prisoner had behaved with almost callous coolness. .Her voice unmanned him. He buried his face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With au effort ho regained his manly bearing. Asked if fae had auy reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed, he drew himself np, and in a firm clear voice said :-" To-day my words are an empty sound ; one day they will have great power though they will come back from the cold depths bf the tomb. I am innocent. No, mau will believe me. I speak for thel future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unemngjsud irresistible aim, -wttTbrittg truth toTighE Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the curse of shame of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the judge being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanour of a hero, Herbert folded his árms to receive his doom without a quiver. To the i last momentous words, " May the Lord nave mercy on your soul," he responded with a firm but reverent " Amen." # # # ;/# ,# . . .# Mr. Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was dis- turbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first failed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change ! Her hag- gard face, large eyes, looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce, deter- mined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this jthe airy, smiling crea- ture of a few "days ago PShe had aged years. He invited her toa seat, then in- quired the object of her visit. " To free Herbert Cadson. He is inno- cent, and I have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. "Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While Îou men have pitied him and wondered, , a weak woman, have worked." " Have you any evidence of your state- ment P" " Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never possessed suck things. On that night he wore a light suit, the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight,'and cheaper." "How in the name of all that is rational did you learn all this P" "Thereby haugé my tyle. I believed Herbert to bs Innocent. Oomnon seuss toil rae crime always leaves a trace for I those who have eyes to see. No one ever sought. a They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours without sue* cess. I was yielding to despair and wandered into the back garden. Suddenly Fido capered about rae with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop blood stains. I examined that handker- chief as a forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's. It was marked ' P.H., No. 4.' I recognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. Whst a peculiar scent. I renewed my search with vigour. It was evident the criminal bad escaped by the back. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, walls, windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I huuted un- ceasingly. My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, blood- stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath thc window. The ground was soft enough to receive an impression. - Yery doss examination revealed a pecu- liar imprint with a cut across. An in- spiration dawned on me-goloBhes. From these links how should I form a chain P. First the handkerchief. I went to Lay cock's, the chemist. Ho ransacked his shop, but could not find me a scent like it. I shot an arrow at a venture. ' You fold some to Miss Harvey, I think. ' Oh, yes, I know now, I got that specially for her. I ara sorry I have none left." "I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. P.H. were Priscilla Harvey's initials, this was ber handkerchief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned having lost my handker- chief. She lent me the exact counterfeit of the one I had fonnd save that it was marked No. 7. I twitted her that I knew she was in the habit of lending her hand- kerchiefs to gentlemen» She laughed and blushed. I bantered hor into confession. She had never lent hut one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, hut had enough self-control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house P Providence aided me. You are an old man and have known me from , infancy, sb I can speak freely to yon. '. At ono time he paid me such attention I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for ray plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest word and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. It must have been the Evil one who suggested it to me. I succeeded beyond my wildest hopes. I need not weary you with details. By dint of coaxing and presents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. 1 talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her roy confi- dante. I wanted to make, her lodger a Mir of flippers jritbout his' knomödge. ^ïië offered nje^phirNfe metfsun|. £No. Í knew he had a pair of goloshos^bme where. Gould I steal them for a day or two. We searched together. ; 3oned in a corner bf the warärooe I tonna a pair. I turned them up. There was, a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trembled so violently I nearly let them fall. I took them to Musgrave's house; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had!tho scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who sayB they are identical. I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the pnrchaser^nd date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. I -swore I saw Herbert ' three minutes after the murder close to the back of the bouse. As Herbert is dark aud the culprit is light, he must have dis- guised himself, which proves design. A local hairdresser says he lent the same j man seme wigs, whiskers, etc., for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatri- cals have taken place, while he had them before and returned them after the date of tho murder, so they were in his posses- sion then. Concerning the deed itself you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness. It passes my compre- hension." "Don't yon think I haye good grounds for his arrest P" "Certainly. Who is he ?" "Mr. Satley, the curate." Mr. Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of poliee, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr. Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy faee. " It is all over, Mr. Carter." " What, has he confessed ?" " Yes, ia words and action. I was going up to Mr. Barley's house when ! saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with hie face, made me think he knew wo. wèrê after him. Mies Edna was very smart, hat elie should have consulted us before she tonk those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well I followed him. As I expected, he weut to the railway station. I touched him, and advised him not to buy a ticket, as he would; waste his money. He turnod paler thati Hamlet's ghost." ''God help me. I was mad. It was ail for her," he said ÍD a quivering voice, j "Please do not handcuff me," he implored. " Very well, Mr. Batley," I replied. Just then the shriek of au express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now." #*#*## Every cloud has a silver lining. The I sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death. -Manchester Weekly Times. 