An Inspired Humorist. It was one of those ideas that come to a man like the flash of sunshine through a fog. Instantly Hobbs realised that he had conceived a masterpiece. ' It -will be worth a column, at least/1 he said, addressing a corpulent beer mug on the table. 'Gadl What a lovely scheme it is. and how the bovs will string: it out in the papers t Joseph, go drink yourself to death I' Leaving the - astonished waiter gazing helplessly at a silver dollar, the enthu siastic broker tipped his hat on the side f of his head, and departed with the air of a man -who had discovered perpetual motion. To do Hobbs justice, there was nothing commonplace in the inspiration that had just. dawned upon him. On the contrary, it was the idea of a genius. Simple in con struction and easy of operation, the effect would be tremendous. It was the philoso pher's stone for which he had searched for weeks, and which had been revealed at the very moment he had begun to yield to despair. For many years Hobbs, surnamed the Happy, by reason of a disposition that combined the bibulous with the cheerful, had been the 'life of the party.' His brilliant quips and sparkling repartee achieved between the courses at banquets were duly chronicled in the newspapers, until Mr. Henry Hobbs, the well-known broker, was a familiar personage in the public prints. Of late, however, he had been mortified to detect symptoms of les sening fame. No longer did the reports of last night's spread relate that ' Mr. Henry Hobbs, the famous raconteur was in un usually fine spirits. Among the belt of his bon mots were ' &c.; Indeed, his name often did not figure in ' among those present,' and -waft frequently buried at the bottom with the ' and others.*' The waning of his reputation as a public humorist made Hobbs desperate, and in the determination to regain bi» lost laurels he turned to the occult, forswore the barber,/ and posed as a theosophist. But even Koot Hoomi was powerless or unwilling to aid his acolyte, who, despairing of ever re suming his old niche in the temple of public fame, applied himself to the con sumption of mixed drinks, becoming in time somewhat tremulous. He had reached the stage which generally precedes an at tack of d.t., when the grand idea was born and the clouds began to lift on his horizon. Forthwith he eschewed variegated tipple for humble beer and set the wheels of his scheme in motion. - To begin with, he laid out a quiet shoot ing tour in the Jersey wilds. He would invite some of the boya from the Pen and Pencil Club, send them down on the 4 o'clock afternoon train, promising to follow on the 6 express. Allowing them two huurs to get comfortably settled in the old Antler Inn, he would spring boom No. 1 by sending a telegram announcing the ' startling and inexplicable suicide of Mr. Henry Hobbs, the well-known stock broker.' Then he would go down on the 8 o'clock flyer, and while the boys were grouped about the big fireplace lamenting the sad end of their old friend he would stalk in and sepulcharly shout ' Ah ! there !' or something as startling and) effective. And when they had finished tumbling ont of chairs in fright, after it was all over and the boys were back in town, what stories they would have in their papers, and what ? ' ' Gad ! Jt's the finest thing I ever heard of. Why, damme, if s a work of art 1' The day succeeding the evolution of this phenomenal idea the city editors of several of the local papers were afflicted by the recital of tales of woe, more or less convincing, according to the inventive ability -of the reporters who were in receipt of Hobbs' temptingly worded invitation. Billy Garrett, of The Stress, touched the editorial heart with a plain tive romance of a dying grandfather in Alabama, who begged piteously for a last look on the face of his beloved Willie. Jimmy Tennon, of The Mawl, weayed a weird fiction concerning the sudden demise of a wealthy relative in Wisconsin. Harry Jilson, of The Bhymes, a journal of elevated moral tone, had himself appointed a dele gate to a Y.M.C.A. convention in Colorado, while Jimmy Kamil, of The Weeckek, exhibited a letter from his physician, ordering immediate rest as a preventive against an attack of incipient paresis. The amount of credence given the seve ral tales is not recorded, but they answered their purpose, for a quartet of cheerful reports exchanged significant glances at the Fen and Pencil that night, ?and went home early to clean guns and pack grips. The following afternoon, as Hobbs sat at the club, nursing a fat cigar, and holding another tete-a-tete with a beer mug, he seemed supremely happy. « It works like a charm,'' he chuckled. ' The boys took bait, hook and line' and away they went. Ifs getting pretty near their time and I guess I'd better send that telegram.' Here Hobbs made his first and fatal mis take. He forgot that when one wants a thing done right one's self should do it. Had the designing humorist tasked him self with the sending of that important message his scheme probably -would have prospered. As it is, no one can blame Johnny, the club buttons, for sending the telegram on the way to the ofiice, neither is he to be censured for accompanying It with a personal message to his good friend and patron, Billy Garrett, to whose libe rality he had been indebted for many' a theatre-pass. V When Garrett that night, as he sat with his fellow scribes at the Antler Inn await ing the arrival of their host, read the telegram announcing fthe suicide, there was titter consternation, that a moment later was totally eclipsed by the sensation achieved by the unfolding of the following singular document : 'If old Hobbs isn't off his nut he is trying to play you. The old duffer is at the club drinking beer. ? « Collect, 49. ' Jomnre.*' The men were helplessly groping for .fiome remark appropriate to the occasion when Kamil came to the rescue by blurt ing— ' Well, I'll be damned.' To which the others unanimously agreed. Then everybody took a drink and in .10 minutes tbe whole thing was settled. Some time between 10 and 11 the door opened softly^and into the group assembled about the fireplace there stalked a figure with hat drawn down and collar mys teriously pushed up. With slow and solemn stride it entered the circle, inch by inch a head emerged from a depth of collar, until suddenly, with a tremendous yell, the coat was thrown back revealing the jubilant Hobbs. The nun neither moved nor spoke. Hobbs essayed another awful shriek, but suc cumbing to a fit of laughter he tossed his hat across the room and shouted — ' Caught like school boys ! Can't I sell you some green goods or a gold brick, or don't you want to buv a ticket in a lottery P Ha, ha! Ho, ho! Oh/ Lord 1 It's the big gest sell I ever ? *' Another spasm of delight gripped the hilarious jester and he fell back into a chair, displaying alarming symptoms of apoplexy. His victims seeme'd unaware of his presence and smoked in silence. Their dejected countenances seemed to afford Hobbs fresh delight, and after another series of violent convulsions he clapped Tennon on the back — -«Come, old boy, don't sulk. It was a fair catch. Acknowledge the corn, now, wasn't it ?' Not a muscle of Tennon's face moved ; he seemed lost in reverie. The other men were similarly occupied. Hobbs looked at them wonderingly. They appeared to be looking through instead of at him. As he stood there with his hand resting on Tennon's chair groping for the key to the riddle, Kamil broke the spell. 'It was a ghastly end for old Hcbbs, wasn't it ? Who would have thought that he -would slip the noose himself ? Why, I would have laid odds against it.' 'It's a risky chauce to. take on any man these days,' said Jilson. 'Hobbsy seemed ehippex enough and all that, but I've often suspected him of having rooms to rent in his upper story.' Hobbs laughed loudly, but the ring had disappeared and his mirth was forced. There was something uncanny about the conversation that he did- not faney. Still it was clear to him that so successfully had his game been played that his com panions -were so thoroughly absorbed in amazement- as to be oblivious to his pre sence. But he would soon bring them to their senses. Punching Jilson in the ribs he said — 'Don't be afraid, Harry. There's no ghoBt about me, I'm the genuine article, straight ? ' ? i Garrett, who had been staring at the - burning logs, lifted his eyes until they rested full upon the now perplexed broker, and held them there a minute before he spoke— ' This unlucky business has set me to thinking about Hobbs, and I don't know that I am much surprised after all. Ever since he began to jabber about astral bodies and occult fiddlesticks and took to wearing his hair a la Cody, he has acted queer. It's a sure case of paresis.' « I think you've hit it, Billy,' said Kamil, rising with his glass,' but he was a good old duffer, and he's gone. Nil nisi, you know. Here's to Hobbsy, and in the next world may he never know what it is to want a drink.' The rather dubiously constructed but well intended sentiment was drunk stand ing, after which the mourners busied them selves with preparations for retiring. While they shook up the couches at the far end Of the room, Hobbs stood rooted to the floor, his eyes following their movements, passing slowly from man to man, in a sort of stupid wonder. A shiver, followed by a cobwebby sensa tion,, went up and down his back, and spread to his fingers' ends and hair. He raised one hand, and felt it with the other. Again that shiver and a jerking of some muscles. There was something wrong somewhere. He could swear that he saw the men. Yes, there was Kamil, and Jilson, and Garrett, and ? . No, it couldn't be a dream. It was too real for that. ?Kamil had thrown himself on a couch, and, with his arms behind his head, was puffing at a pipe, and staring straight at the figure in the centre of the room. Hobbs bent his head forward and returned the look earnestly and anxiously. Presently Kamil dropped, the pipe, and murmuring ** Poor old chap,' closed his eyeB, and a minute later evidenced slumber by a vigor ous snore. Hobbs remained immovable for some time. Finally he Blowly passed a hand over his face, and pinched him self earnestly. Then he shuffled over to Tennon and shook him by the shoulders. The sleeper drowsily opened his eyes. Hobbs had him by the arms, and with head bowed was peering, into his face. Tennon's gaze wandered about the room, once or twice meeting that of the other, and then with a slumberous grunt he drop ped hie eyelids and again slept. Hobbs trembled, and it was with difficulty that he could wipe . the perspiration from his face with his shaking hand. Seizing a flask bf whisky from a tab^e he drank again and again. His head ached and throbbed when he awoke in the morning. The other men had breakfasted early, and were busying themselves collecting shooting traps for the day's sport. As they moved about the room they looked like phantoms in the uncertain gray lifht of the dawn. There must have come to the man on the floor the memory of some hideous nightmare, for he shuddered nervously as he passed his hands over his cramped legs, slowly rub bing them as he arose. . Jilson was at a table loading shells. Hobbs touched him on the shoulder, but 1&e; action drew no response. In their preparations for the day the other men crossed and recrossed the room, sometimes brushing his coat with their elbows as they passed, but not once noticing his presence. A trembling hand clutched Jilson's arms— i ' Jilson, old man, don't you know me ? It's met — Hobbs — you do know me, don't you ? It was all a joke, you know, and now you are paying me back. I tried to play it on the boys, but they caught me, and — Good, God! Jilson, speak to me — don't stand there as if you were a damned ghost 1 ' And Jibson went on loading shells. Jt was pitiful to see Hobbs now. fright and whisky; Had been drawing lines on Mb face. ItwaswHIte and strained, and the .muscles -were beginning to work convul \- ' ? ' l ... . . y .. . , . ,.,-,.... : .,. ?? v-,~, ,.-.;.,-,r~... .....,.,.^1-:_, ??-.;-..v;|- sively. Those at 'the ' corne rs of his mouth were j jerking, he spoke thickly, and his chin looked curiously 'weak. \ Lennon, who had jsjeen watching him, whispered to Gar rett, who shook his head : ' He needs a lesson and a good one. Give him one he won't forget in a hnrry.' He spoke aloud : ' It doesn't seem just the proper thing to go shooting and the coroner about to sit on Hobbsy, but what can we do ? The man's dead and I don't see how we can help him any.' ' Still out of respect— ? ' began Kamil. ' Respect be dashed. = What respect did he show for us when h& sent us down here so he could blow out his brains in peace f' ' That's so,' said Tennon, *' anyway we can run up for the funeral. Under the cir cumstances I don't see that we are called upon to do any more.' JLamil was not convinced, and a long argument ensued as to the propriety of bringing the shooting party to an end out of regard for tbe memory of its projector. Garrett wanted to wire up to town and have them represented at the funeral by proxy, and was dilating on the advantages of the proposition when Hobbs pushed himself into the centre of the group. There was something in his face that startled the conspirators, of whom Kamil was the first to weaken. He caught the big-eyed, white-faced man by the hand — ' It's on you this time, Hobbsy. Don't try it again.' The man waved hi™ off. ' Go away — Hobbs is dead, don't you know — rattling good joke — Blavatsky said — all the papers — poor old Hobbs — 40 shares at par- — devilish good fellow— be- cause she wasn't there — and a crackin' big feed after — finest scheme I ever — -blew out brains Jilson and Billy Garrett and all the boys — and — it — all — seems — so— queer — and—' When he dropped to the floor in a limp heap there were other men with white races and big eyes in the room. ' What is it ?' gasped Tennon, and 'K-™i1 replied, ' I don't know, but get a doctor, quick !' ' You can't expect much improvement in three weeks,' said the head physician as he ushered his visitors to the door of the asylum. ' He may get better some day, but,' touching his head significantly, ' he will always be ? .. You see he fancies he is dead — says he committed suicide, and the last thing I have to promise him every night is that I will be sure to ' get it in the papers.1 I know I may rely on you to keep it out.' There is a new house rule at the Pen and Pencil Club. It is ; ' Members are requested to refrain from practical joking.' 