PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. " Tho English Illustratod Magazine," for September is ohiefly remarkable for an excel- lent portrait ot Mr. Gladstonoandan admirable sketch of that gentleman from tho giaooful pen of Mr. Henry W. Lucy. There is aho an interesting article on the Tim«s by Mr. Edmund Vincent, which will servo to enlighten tho general reader to some extent on the internal working of a large nowspnpev office, a subject but littlo uuderatood. Sporting men will find attractive reading in the article on Doncaster and the St. Leger by "Vigilant" of tho Sportsman. " Into tho Unknown," by Lawrence Fletcher, I published by Cassell and Company, Limited, (215 pp.) is described as a romance of South Afrioa, and is somewhat in the style of Rydor Haggard in so far as it deals chiefly with blood- curdling and, it must bo said, impossible ad- venture in pavage lands. Mr. Fletcher's young Englishmen-there aro two of thora have found their way into an all but inac- cessible tableland whioh had previously been discovered and occupied by a colony of Mormons. Theso people, living under a patriarchal tyranny, soem to be engaged chiefly in preventing tho intrusion of strangers into their country, every invader, bo ho white or black, being mercilessly shot at sight. This danger and tho mysteriös of the Ghosts' Pass having been successfully overcome by tho heroes of the story, they find themselves face to face with the full power of the Mormons. But repeating rifles, together with the daredevil courage ond superhuman judgment commonly displayed by the chief actor in such works, whether in the backwoods of America, the j ungles of India, or the forests of Africa, enable them in the end to completely destroy the Morman army, anél escapo from the oountry loaded with gold and glory, and accompanied by a Mormon princess who has naturally fallen in love with ona of the dauntloss Enghshmon. The book ia well ' written, and the story has some claims to originality in construction, " Mntlhow Redmayne," a New Zealand romance (30G pp.), is written by Oliver H. Growden, and published by George Robortsan and Co. This might perhaps have beon better described as the story of a crime; but the element of romaneo is by no means wanting. The ohief oharaoter of the book is Esther Bedmayne rather than Matthew, and the plot turns wholly upon a mys- terious murder, for whioh, immediately after marriago, Esther is tried and acquitted, though genorally believed to be guilty. She could havo oloared herself, but chose to remain under tlie ban and separated from a husband who lovod her and to whom she wa3 devotedly attachod, rather than inoriminate a sister who was violently insano, and who as it afterwards appeared was not really the guilty porson. Hero oí oourse are the materials of a thrilling story, and the author keeps his secret well to the end j but one cannot rofrain from asking whether any woman outside of a novel ever behaved in so extraordinary a way as Esther Redmayne. The book, whioh opens with the " dying confossion" of tho wife of a day, ends with tho happy solution of all mystorios and tho restoration of husband and wifotooaoh other. It should perhaps bo said that the scones might as well havo boen laid anywhoro else as in New Zealand, as apart from tho names of places there is nothing in tho tale specially appropriate to that oolony. Tho work on the whole is not badly done, but there is a want of finish too ofton observable in the books of colonial authors. Wo havo reoeived two handbooks on Western Australia. The first is tho Year- book of that colony (201 pp.) which 1ms now readied its sixth year of issue. It contains besides a brief historical and geographical skotch of the colony, a vast amount of information concern- ing its popula'tirjn, trade, climate, finanças, constitution and Govornment, education, administration of justice, land tenure, mineral, agricultural, and pastoral resources, and means of communication. This outline will sorvo to indicato the scopo of the volume, but generally spooking it may bo said to be an admirablo compilation bringing together for general uso both within and beyond the colony a vast amount of informa- tion which with us in Queensland ia usually hidden from the general viow in the pageB of those ponderous volumes known as "The Votes and Proceedings.". The other book referred to is " Western Australia in 1891" by Mr. Francis Hart (100 pp.). Though to some extent traversing the saino ground as tho Year- book, the material is in this book thrown into moro popular form ; it is moreover riohly illustrated with "pronoss" engravings of scenery and public buildings in the youngest colony of the Australasian group. Less spaco is ocoupied with tabulated statistios, and it contains an account of tho foundation of the new colony, with portraits of its first legislators. "Modiioval England, from the English Settlement to the-Eoformation," edited by Dr. W. Scott Dalgleish, M.A., is one of tho series " Periods of English History," now being pub- lished by T. Nelson and Sons, London, Edin- burgh, and Now York. The poriods adopted aro those of tho Oxford and Cambridge looal examinations, that, already named beim? fol- lowed by the periods " England of the Bcfor mation and Involution" and " Modern England and Groat Britain, from the Bevolution to the last Reform Aots : 1088 to 1885." As oxplainod in the preface, the prominent feature in the plan of the serios is tho importance attached to the development of the constitution. Thus the first volume doals with the Fondai Monarchy (Supromacy of the Crown), the second with Absolute Monarchy (the Crown versus Parliament), and the third with Limited Monarchy (Supromaoy of tho Parlia- ment. The same principle is worked out in detail in each volume. At the olose of each reign there is a summary of the constitutional changes offeotod in the course of it with an indioalion of its gonoral tendency from a con- stitutional point of view; while in important reigns tho leading statutes are analysed. " Hoblyn's Dictionary of Medical Terms" has now reached its twelfth edition, anti the new issuo has now boon rovisod throughout by Dr. John A. P. Price. It is published by Whittaker and Co,, Paternoster-square, and oooupies 822 pages. As a dictionary of terms used in medicine and tho collateral sciencos it is no doubt a useful' work and would be of value even to tho general reader who in these days of extendod knowledge frequently encounters such terms. The Greek or Latin derivation of the words is shown in each case. " When a Man's Married," by John Rice, published by Geo. Robertson and Co., Mel- bourne, Sydney, nnd"Adolaide, is a pamphlet, part of whioh was printed in the " Centennial Magazine" of November, 18S8, under the title ." The Greatest Boro." Many watches make five beats per second, 300 each minute, 18,000 every hour, or 482,000 per day. Thus it will be seen that half-a dozen turns of tho key once a day, taking up but a fow seconds of time, stores up a modicum of powor in the spring whioh is cut up into nearly 1,000,000 of beata. 