THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. T U - 2- ."* ". " l. would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to bay the article even at that price \- Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row Barley Abbey, near Derby, is not eo rich as jpany, being a gardener, but he has already enough to give all he had, for ong thing he hadn t got Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: "Up to eight yean ago f had never lost an hoar's work through sickness. Tk December,, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, ! near Nottingham, my appetite fell away,. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water an^ slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My month used to * fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck* I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish* green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks, \- ? ' I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got se thin that, I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. So Z came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire (Infirmary, Derby. The first one said: 1 You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after, sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shooktheir heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me . to dot what litle I eould in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down-fcom pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometime as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes' were bloodshot. My lips aqd mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat; My tonguewafe like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up far afew hours at a time, bpt was so weak I had to faJm hold of t^Jurmture to inove afew yards. I was always'tared and weary, and sitting or lying,. wai* never at ease and got no veal rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking*: my hands- nothing but .skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upeet me. " The doctor kept on attending ine, but he said,' I can do you no good j I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * Well, yob won't cough mack longer* you have merely to prepare for another world* " About the middle of March, 1889. a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, 'Tom, didyou evea try "Mother. SeigeV* Syrup ? axui told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke <k> much in pmse olthis medicme lsent iny wife! to lfeir1>y said got a' ootfte at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first* dosq Thad an evacuaftaon black as ink, and vomited. Then I foil aeleepand felt rested When I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathinggojfc easier, znyifobd kept down, and in a few days more I was able to .go oHt for a shorfrwalk. By the end of*a fortnight Iwent to see my master, who asked what had wroughtwthe improveinent, and I told him, as I tell every one, that MotherSeigel's Syrup had saved t&y; life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day 's work since. * i" Of course flay strength did not return all at race,but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months X was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." Ingiving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests up to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetiey, Head- Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. ASr. Gaskin haslived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bean ah excellent reputation. Now, whqt was the complaint from which he suffered? Not. a galloping consumption, certainly1 (is one of ike doctors thought), .of he toould have galloped to Ms grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for . seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chrome gastric catarrh) which has lung symptoms 1'^ con sumption, for which it is often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated.' When the right remedy, Mothers-Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of ti£b digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation We heartily twpgrartcilate Mr, Gaskin on his recovery and commend foe of hiB case to a tMnking people.; 