DREAMERS AND DREAMS. The article in the August number of the " Contempoary " which will excite most interest is one by Mr F. Greenwood on " Imagination and Dreams." Mr Green- wood does not attempt to theorise in any way about his subject, but speaks of what he knows from his own experience :— DREAM FACES. Before entering upon the subject of actual dreams, Mr Greenwood lingers for a short time over what he calls dream-faces :— It may be serviceable to remark (we read) that visions of this kind some- times present themselves to us in the dark when we are awake, perfectly sane, unaware of any sort of physical dis- turbance, and without any effort of imagina- tion They are dream-stuff, so to speak, and the precursors of the dreams that fill our minds when quite asleep. Quoting from Mr F. Galton, Mr Green- wood says :— In this way a lady used to see showers of red roses, which turned into a flight of golden speckles or spangles ; and not only were the roses presented to her vision as distinctly as real flowers in broad daylight might be, but she could smell the perfume. " A FACE, AND NOTHING MORE." He then goes on to say :— There is nothing like that in my experience, except that at infrequent times of fatigue I share the sensations of those who are said to have discovered a rose-scent flowing from and about them. An evanescent but very distinct violet-scent flushes from my hands, or so I fancy. But M. Maury and Mr Galton relate stories of faces seen in the dark in like manner ; faces seemingly standing off upon the air, and coming and going as if with a will and purpose of their own. M. Maury's experience seems to have differed from mine in this particular. In his case these phantoms always represented per- sons known to him. In mine it has never been so on a single occasion ; and the difference is a noticeable one. As I look at these faces asking myself who was ever like that or that, I find no answer except in a fancied resem- blance to some historical or mythological personage. They strike the view as entirely strange and surprisingly "original." Pos- sibly, Blake's visions were some such faces as these, presented to his eyes in broad day- light ; I am inclined to think so, because his wonderful, dreadful drawing, " The Ghost of a Flea," is precisely such a transcript as I could have made by the score had I possessed his pictorial skill. Under my own eyelids I have seen MANY A FACE OF THE SAME AWFUL FAMILY ; some even more dreadful still, being all astir with animation. But the greater number of them are not of the too terrible kind. After the fact that nothing foreknown or fami- liar ever appears amongst them, the next most remarkable thing about these visions is that they often look like the fleet- ing embodiment of some passion or mood of the mind ; usually not the bettermost. Some faces expressive of a great nobility and serenity appear, but I have never seen amongst them the mask of pity or love, or any soft emotion. Grief the most despairing, scorn, cunning, pride, hate, inquiry, envious or triumphant mockery—no human face that ever was seen, I feel sure, displayed these emotions with a comparable fitness and intensity. It is not the characteristic of all but it is of some to an almost appalling ex- tent ; and if Blake did see these faces, either in daylight or in darkness, he had more than his imagination to draw upon when he depicted the Passions. " THE OTHER SIDE OF DEATH." Perhaps the most interesting part of this interesting article is that in which Mr Green- wood deals with dreams connected with the supernatural, and the mysteries of the world beyond the grave. We have only space to quote the following example :— As an illustration of this more remarkable kind of dreaming I may relate one of a series of dreams which followed each other at intervals of a year precisely—a year and a day. A longtime ago a gentleman, who may be called A, lost a child by death. He had been very fond and proud of the boy, who was seven or eight years of age, I think, when he died. Indeed, between the two there had always been a strong sym- pathy, and when the child was taken the father was plunged into the deepest grief, like many another one in the same situation, his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, " But yet, is he still in ex- istence ? Is there a place in this vast universe where I may think of him as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted not only now but for ever and ever ?" Many poor souls have been tossed about in the same yearning speculations, day after day, month after month, with no diminution of doubt and pain. A. was one of these un- fortunates. To this great trouble was added another, which took the shape of a deep and surprising disappointment. At first one of the poor man's very few comforts had been that THE BOY WOULD HAUNT HIS DREAMS, and that they would be together many a time that way. But it is not invariably true that what you think of most you dream of most ; and for all his hoping and praying the father never once dreamt of his son. That is to say, he never had any such dream for a whole year, by which time, I daresay, the praying had been given up and the hope exhausted. But then, on the morn- ing of the child's death, and at the very hour in which he died, the father woke from a wonderful dream, so intimately and touch- ingly responsive to the whole year's grief that it cannot be thrown into the glare of print. It is only mentioned—together with the fact that after another twelve months of black and empty nights another dream of the same character occurred at the same hour—in order to give its own setting to the third dream. "AND ONCE AGAIN IT CAME." The morning had again come round. A. dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but the hour to rise, had drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing so he saw that it had been completely shattered. But how could it have been broken so violently, lying where it had been snugly placed a few hours before ? A reasonable but an injurious conjecture oc- cured to him ; at some time in the night the watch had been taken from beneath the pillow by his wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there could be no other explanation, he was about to drop asleep again to get rid of ill-humor at the accident (this is all in the dream, be it under- stood), when the door opened and in came a foreman of works to whom A. gave instruc- tions every day, and between whom and him- self there was a great liking. It seemed as if the man had come for the usual draft of work to be done, and it did not strike As a anything out of the way that he should be visited in his bedroom for it. But he was struck by THE LOOK OF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRY ON THE MAN'S FACE. The next moment he connected this look with the broken watch, and drew it out again ; the glass gone, the hands swept from the dial, but seeming less like his own watch now. What was the meaning of it ? While A. was asking himself this question in a sort of ex- pectant trepidation, the foreman of works said, " Put it to your ear, sir." This A. did ; and, as he listened to the even beat within the other said, " Sir, we know how much you are troubled, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sign of life is destroyed, life may still be going on." Whereupon A. woke " all of a tremble," heard the tranquil tick-ticking of his watch under the pillow, and, when he could compose himself to take it forth, saw that the hands stood at within five or eight minutes of the time when his boy died on the same day in the calendar. THE USE OF DREAMS. But while, on the whole, dreams do not further the practical progress of the world Mr Greenwood thinks that they may serve some practical purpose. Nearly all dreamers can be brought into one theory—namely, that since in dreams we pass through a great variety of experiences, none of which are ever likely to befall us in real life, we are put to tests of character which we should never endure otherwise ; and, there- fore, that we ought to come to a better acquaintance with ourselves. Thus if I have never been placed in a situation of extreme danger, as by attack of murder thieves, or in a burning house (together with others more helpless, perhaps), how am I to know what my feelings and conduct would really be under such circumstances ? Think of himself what he may, no candid man can give a confident answer to that ques- tion. It is a common experience to discover in one's self a surprising coolness and resource, or a totally unsuspected and crushing cowardice, under a sudden severe test. To some such test, it has been surmised, we are frequently exposed in dreams ; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our physical senses no less than if the danger were real—as broken knuckles and quaking limbs testify when we awake—and therefore all the more to be trusted as like to those which we should actually experience if the dream were reality. 