ISWPiOTSfiUSBillfl, 11 How inuyMitB foe divond hav© tun on hand?' I Asked one of, mj friends, , ah foment la wjiefr, whose numerons conquests snake hiin anobjeotof teiro.to all husbands. I jhatoit'one,. he replied, 41 and tost is' for.none of the causes you suppose, neither adul termor ornel treatment. . if yon wish to use the case as the plot of va play, 111 make it known to you/ /'On what plea,, then, is the demand for divorce based r" , On the dread of seeing again one from the other world." 'Ido.notnoderrtand." . . Ton know Madame A, de B— ?" "Oloootse; bnt I thought her the most loving, the most beloved wue in the. world; also a devoted mother." "Exactly what I shall eav in court.1 "As for her husband, he is a true gentle man, loyal, obliging, and of spotless repu tation." ,= "Again what I shall say.11 " And those people wish to separate ?" . My legal friend enjoyed for a tew moments the perplexity he was oannng me, and then told me the strange story he tran- scribed : — Madame A. de B , who is not yet 32 years old, and scarcely appears 91, has her name on all subscriptions for charity, and is cited at all fashionable routs. Seeing the eager nessandxest which she displays for .enjoy ment, and the freshness &Dd; bloom of her beauty, one would hardly suppose she were compensating herself for sea days in the past. She 'has been married five years, or rather re-married, for at twenty she was the wife of one of the Pnnrao,a mnnt maHm! «ruu>n1i>tAKI izrVin left her a widow by a death so tragi) that it is yet .remembered. One morning, seven years ago, we learned that Jacques de X , the well-Imown blub man and eooial favorite, had been found dead in his bed at his countr - property of G , his face 'mutilated and brains scattered over his pillow. It was at first thought he had been assassinated ; it was winter and the house isolated and rrn occupied. M. de T- — had come there to search for some &oooont; books he needed. Owner of a large manufactory in the neigh borhood, he often mode such trips, leaving ' his wife for a day at Paris. An old gar dener, who lodged in a cottage a short dia- tanoe off, waited upon him. 'fortunate man were investigated, it was no onger possible to doubt that he had com mitted suicide. He had, also, a banking house near the Eae ' Lefitte, bat he was totally ruined ; the dot of his wife, even, had been absorbed. Maledictions in plenty werei not lacking ; some persons instituted suits, which the poor wife easily had set aside. She wept for him and regretted him with all her heart. He had been a loving and generous husband. She was the most earnest, most correct and most beautiful widow, in her artless weeds, that one could wish for. She returned to her own family, and having no children (they had been married such a short time!) 6eemed to resume the life of her girlhood, save her unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes have one advantage ; they area claim to the privileges of martyr dom. People pitied her ; everyone said she would never marry again. They forgot tbat happiness most abruptly cat short is often that which soonest bads anew. Monsieur A. de B - is as handsome as the first husband, goes less frequently to bis club, and has an assured fortune. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers : how could 6he refuse him ? The second mar riage gave happiness of another type, less turbulent, more home-like aod complete. First came a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. ;de B made her annual visit to the decor ous tomb she hadereoted to the memoiy of unlucky T , it was almost with & fimile of oTAtitndA that aha nravad fnr the dear departed. As she fervently recom mended him to divine mercy, she was certain her prayers were heard, for all the merits of her first husband seemed augmented by the : charming qualities of the second. One day . Mw3amoA.de P — reoeivod a latter which had been a long time reaching her. It was directed to Madame de T— , and stamped with an American stamp. The hand- writing of the addtess troubled her, and, when fiie envelope was torn open, the first lines made her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious mysti- fio&tion;? or had poor do T— planned, be fore killing himself, a deception like that which gave Betif de la Bretonne the plot for a curious novel ? Had he ordered that every seven years a letter should be delivered to his wife, to prevent her grieving for him, and persuade her that he still lived? That wasM. A. de B 's first idea when his frightened little wife brought him the stange missive, dated from New Fork; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing well its wordea&detadyingits; proba bilities, he was obliged to acknowledge that T- — wasnotdead; thafctbe letter was indeed from him, and that it announced his return. Battbesuicidefthecorpsef tbeborial? Alas! the letter had a reply for everything. T— related how, face to face with bank ruptcy, he had wished at once to indemnify his honor and facilitate for himself a way to reconquer his last fortune. With the assist ance of a gravedigger of the village of G — he got possession of & corpse of hi sizeand general : appearance. The occasion had been waited for daring several months ; the gravedigger liberally bribed. At night he placed the body in his bed, and when he dressed it in his linen, fired in its face two pietol ebots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. . Then, having accomplished that suicide, in an empty house, he escaped, taking with him only the money necessary for his passage, and went to fay his luck in America. The miserable felhw seemed enchanted with his expedient. He had the grace, how ever, to be somewhat sober in his self-praises ; hat he ran on endlessly in telling of the sorrows of separation, the anguish of that long voyage, the torture he bad imposed on himself in remaining dead for her, as he was for the rest of the. world. He , should nerer have had the eourage to persevere in his task of rehabilitation if she ; had written to him, if she had recalled him ! He had condemned himself to seven years of work, of silence, of burial. With all the fatuity of a martyr, he never seemed to -doubt that she had remained a widow and inconsolable; therefore, among the joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave the first place to tbe greatest, that of consoling her, at once, sud denly. 44 Do cot die of joy ! " he wrote to the one who felt ready to die of terror on tbe spot. In short, he was very rich, two or three times more so than be bad over been, he was coming back to pay all his creditors, interest aud principal, to clear his name, and, as now he would have no more cares ana anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving hie dear little wife. He gave fleeting glimpses, as into an unknown jiuuuim), ui uw oiuiuieu, vi wiinm u» xpas certain. The wretch even made poetry on that subject, a millionaire's goetrv : Babes would float through the eaven of their unalterable bliss like little angele, or little Cupids. That passage particularly aroused the futyof H. A. de B . As though they had needed that "dead-alive" to call forth angels and loves ! Corpse he might not hi, but at least he should not return alive 1 The second husband's plan was to meet number one part way on his way home and Mil him since he dared to come out of his legal tomb under pretext that he was not dead. The official reoorde would justify that murder , nothing would hove to be ohonged in the certificate of death ; nothing effaced ; hut a ' man ! It would not be a duel scarcely even a murder ; merely a case of legitimate eelf-defense, tne stamp that Samlet gives on the ground to drive tbeimportunate ghost, The ides wae a »3»oS ohe.'anahe must leave at once. w.' no» ootihat 1"- oried Madame A. de S®— TTjtetrified; J t nWaelit® first love, perdtauoe, reeoseitating her first husband! 'C' ' Vonake his part f demanded No. 2, g-JmmblinB yrjth jealousy and horror. fSH'Jftgrateful man ! Do yen not owe to I lnHiryTtyearsofhapDmeesf" . I Thfi acoondrtii .haft token, them bask from . jneV- . " " He has not the right." 4 1 TVwr aph rri agft ifixrall ; his is not." " Holland oiit children f " Ah I onr children, our children ! " They were there, the little hypothetical bberobim of whom the wanderer spoke in his letter. They enclosed their father and another in their fcaresring arms ; they eoothed : the wrath of the menaced hus band. Tho couple wept, kissed, _ aod ended by going to consult my friend, the lawyer. It was agreed that he should A-k for a divorce for Madame A. de B— — jfrom her first husband as soon as M. de T — i— had boon given to ucTJerstand that it is dangerous for him to return to France. His escapade is complicated by a violation of sepulture. The gravedigger is dead, bnt hp by his own avowal, ordered and paid for the crime.- They cannot reasonably ak him to kill himself, but they might pnssibly obtain irom mm a promise to continue to play 5 dead man in the depths of America ; and, if his probity revives, let him furn:eh the elements for an integral payment of his debts, without appearing in the matter ; but tbat is & romantic way out of the diffi culty. Thanks to M. Is'aquet, there is a more practical method. They will obtain a divorce, and then M. and Madame A. de B , whose marriage may temporarily be con- considered void, will be re-married. It appears, from last news, that M. de T is resigned to that arrangement. He will not come to France, and wiiliet the divorce be pronounced against him. If he is con demned for having placed a pauper's corpse in his bed and afterwards in a handsome 1 tomb, he will not protest ; he will pay his French debts and become a naturalised American. and. as it is as easv to have in one's home little angels or littlo oupide in America as in FYance, he will not deny him self that happiness. Indeed, why ? For he permits them to perceive the true reason why he has had courage to keep silent for seven years, and not to write to bis darling wife. It was because he would have had to dip his pen in the ink-bottle of an American widow. His pent-up feelings find relief n that bit of spite. At the end of seven years of an honorable intimacy, and when the bonds were less tightly drawn he had, indeed, boon able to push an arm through his yielding chains, and sent the letter announcing his resurrection. Since they force him thereto, however, he will prove that be knows how to make the best of a losing game. Oaoe free in France, he will atone for his " falling out" with the widow by marrying her. In Amerioa, as here, that is the surest tray to rid one's self of a mistress. — Translated from the French. 