AMONGST TH£ SYPNSY LAWYERS, BY GJ3EBUNG. No. 2. THE legal profession in this colony com prises three different branches, bound to gether with the bonds of the closest sym pathy. At the bottom of the ladder are the solicitors, proctors, or attorneys as they are at different times called : then the barristers or counsel ; and finally the bench, comprising those honored and revered gentlemen known as judges. The operations of these three bodies resemble those of a great flour mill. The solicitor prepares the grist and carries it to the mill, the barrister turns the handle, and the judges distribute the parcels of vari ous size and invariably of great value. Between the three branches exists a per fect unanimity of operation. Like three sets of cog-wheels in an intricate machine, they sustain the operation of justice, and by a mutual understanding of each other's weakness they cover up all that is not strictly in accordance with the public con ception of right, and are thus perfectly safe in this working of a trades-union principle. One benefit arising from this is the absence of dissent amongst their ranks. We never have, and never will have a strike amongst any branch of the profession. By a rigid adoption of co operative and union doctrines their inter ests are completely protected, and amidst all strikes and rumours of strikes they re main untroubled. As things are they have, every reason to be satisfied, and thus, with a safeguard of its own con struction, the law goes on for ever. Of course, this perfect safety and mutual protection may not be generally accepted as very beneficial to the country, but it must be acknowledged by all to be a complete vindication of the benefits de rivable from co-operation. I will deal with the three branches gen erally in. the order before-mentioned. First, then, we have the solicitors, attor neys, or proctors. My first experience amongst these was in one of the oldest established and most respectable firms in Sydney. Having of course become thor oughly imbued with the current estimate of all connected with the law, it was with a mingled feeling of awe, curiosity, and fear that I first took my seat in this office. As a child, after reading and hearing strange stories of hobgoblins and ghosts, shuns the dark room, so is the experience of all juvenile candidates for legal honors. Innumerable bundles of old and misty papers, decked with red tape, rows of old law books arranged with the precision of a model library, old men bearing upon their features the severity coming from long experience with the intricacy of law, and young ones already becoming old under the same mystic influence,-all these, with thoughts of great family secrets and deeds of evil and romance, tied up with these visible ends of red tape knots, make the junior clerk who enters the law, with a proper appreciation of its importance, feel as though he were being introduced-ini.o a chamber of horrors, un rivalled by even the great Barnum. I use the term " junior clerk" out of pure sympathy with a beginner's idea of his dignity. More correctly speaking he is the junior office boy, but the use of the term is the greatest insult that can be offered him. By a most logical method of reasoning he can prove to his.o wn sat isfaction that the prosperity of the estab lishment depends entirely on his exer tions. If the principles desire to have a letter conveyed to some other establish ment, . he must leave the management of that important transaction to his junior clerk. Thatr invaluable commodity takes a press copy into the' letter book, ad dresses an envelope, and conveys the epistle to its destiny. Or, to get still more at the root of. operations, how could the letter be written at all if the junior clerk didn't, before the day's work began, fill the ink pots and arrange the tables ? Be sides this too the junior clerk is often en trusted with the expenditure of nearly £1 per week on postage stamps, and with such gigantic transactions as that he can't justly be called the office boy. In a large firm of solicitors there are well- defined class distinctions, which divide the staff into four or five divisions. Of course we have first the principals, who supervise and are responsible for the general business of the office; then the managing clerks (gen erally either newly hatched or broken down solicitors); then the accountant and his assistants, the articled clerks, and finally the engrossing and general clerks, including of course the juniors. To a casual observer the most noticeable of these is the articled clerk, or as he might might be more faithfully called the em bryo lawyer. This gentleman can always be easily traced. Look for the principals, and those you decide upon will surely be the articled clerks. They generaly wear grave and stern faces, they bustle about the office with an evident appreciation of the responsibilities resting on their shoul ders, interview clients with the most con summate assumption of dignity,and gener ally play a prominent part in the life of the office. One of the most important sections of a lawyer's offise is that presided over by an accountant. This accessory to all estab lished practices generally has one or more assistants, according to the extent of the business, and they between them keep the books, draw the costs, and generally con trol the financial affairs. The room oc cupied by them is a kind of legal laboratory in which legal pills are concocted from, what the intended patient regards as,very nauseous ingredients. Records of all letters, attendances, preparation of all documents,and processes in the courts are kept. When any matters are completed these records are extracted from books, arranged chronologically, revised, and re copied, and finally sent on their mission of devastation. Those who have had large dealings with law know what the ef fect of one of these missies is. Before the bewildered client is an accurate record of his past life, between hin.first consultation with the law and tho comple'iion of his " matter." if at any rime while passing his attorney s office he called in to inquire as to progress, there is the record, attend ing you, conferring and advising, with the mystic 6/8 against it. Every attendance, every letter sent and received, every little detail of his transactions, all are before him. Like a resistless Nemesis the "Bill" has followed his tracks, and at last has overtaken the object of its hatred. There is a kind of fascination in the preparation a good bill of costs. As item after item swells the tide, as the totals develop from one to three figures, the mind seems to gloat over the mission about to be accom plished by these sheets of paper. The sensation must resemble that of the sur geon, grown callous by a life of practice. The more complicated the wound before him, the broader is his smile of grim sat isfaction. The more complicated the legal process, the greater is the satisfac tion in arranging the final bomb. It is astonishing how the bill in a well con tested and complicated case will grow. It springs from the germ of life into matur ity in a remarkably short time, but some how it seldom shows a tendency to go to its second childhood. It seldom has a natural end to its growth, but it is cut short by some untimely compromise. If the litigants have sufficient determina tion and funds to fight till the last gasp, the bill goes on merrily, but often, those concerned in a suit find that their troubles can be settled outside a legal interference, and the bill, just as it it beginning to mount up and give great promise of a re markable development, stops at the outset of a brilliant career. The conduct of the litigants in thus disappointing the pros pects of an accountant's "favourite child" is only to be condemned. If they give it a start in life they should at least keep up the fight until it reaches maturity, and thus rewards the care and trouble bes towed upon it by the accountant. TO BE CONTINUED. 