Roundabout Notes. BY PHIL. A week ago tbe colonial wlustle watt emitting with shrieking key and many variations tbe much worn international cricketing melody—to day tbe tnne has grows qnite mild and attenuated. Disappointment is written-on tbe face of «vory Augustan athlete and melancholia has seized npon oar cricketing fraterui:y. Wherefore? Because young Australia did not win tbe whole batch of games— scoop the pool. X was chatting to on individual a couple of days ago, and he seemed quite indignant beoause that beast Grace had so ungraciously licked the colonials in tbe third test match. "Only for the rain—only for losing the spin,—only for the general bad luck—in fact only for that horrid only' there would have been * different 4 phase put on tbe match* —of course there would and thst'sjust wbat 1 ban our way to success right through the whole piece. Lovers of the sensational should be thoroughly satisfied with the news of tbe past three weeks. No need to go to the shilling shocker or threepenny pamphlet of tragedy now, for the columns of the daily press literally reek with tbe most blood-curdling information. Swanston, Williams, Deeming, or whatever his name really is—provided he is the right man and no mistake has been made—can give the most vermilion-tinted villain ever portrayed by Marryat or Mayne Reid plenty of start and then claim the laurels. It would be hard to beat bim ; there is in fact (to make use of a very grim joke on such a horrible occasion) not one r»- detming feature in the whole carcass of the fellow. His instincts and inclinations seem to have been lower than tbe wildest animal, snd r morse one wonld think never knew bim. And it is tbe record of this fellow that tbe people all rush down to tbe railway-6tation of an eveuing to bear. Well, it is human nature, I suppose —a holy desire to see such a fiend brought to justice. Apropos of this subject, I heard that a gentleman in Port Augusta once had the pleasure of the company of this archsconndrel Deeming on a sea voyage. Of course I was soon on the tracks of so important a cine, but—bang that but— the expected interview did not come off. The gentleman in question believed he was a shipmate of Deeming in tbo CUitnborszo, but could not remember for certain. A nice little item for an excruciating column lost. Bad times! Of course they are, ahout as bad as you can get 'em, and there's no 086 denying tbe faot. Put as much rose tint, gilt, and lavender water on them RB you like and they'll still read bad—horrid bad, 88 a young lady friend of mine delights to label them. Aud there is no use trying to run away from them. The farther you go tbe worse you'll fare I believe. Port Augusta iB not tbe worst place to be in just now. Other towns are regularly mildewing, and tbe grass growing on tbe side- walbs I'm told owing to trade stagnation. As for the other coloniep, well—I tbink South Australia may slake hands with herself when considered alongside Victoria, New South Wales, and Western Australia. On the whole I fancy I am right in saying that the man who stays by his own ship during the c bli of business, will be best off in the long run. The flood will come along—it can't ebb for all time—and then the innings of fresh prosperity will begin. Let Augustans, Quornites, and everboify else in tbe district, hold on like grim death to a dead nigger until the blast of bed-times has passed over. The sun will shine again brighter than ever. " Shoulder to cboulder and live—never mind big profits till the tide has turned"—them's my sentiments. And just a word in the ear of tradesmen, a professional word of advice gratis— " Don't forget to advertise during the bad times—the reason why, I'll tell you. There is only a limited amount of cash moving and every one wants tbe most for his money, Now is the time advertisements are conned and cheap lines considered, now is the time the advertisement proves to be more than a mere speculation. Ton may have good cheap goods in stock, but unless you advertise in print, or stand at your door and enlighten people, no one will be wiser than yourself. The thrifty housewife knows pretty well beforehand every item she is going to buy with her man's wages before she leaves her own domicile—she scans every ad in the local paper or elsewhere and it is as well not to forget this in these bad timeB. It is false economy to start olipping your advertising end just now. Mr Tomkinson has bad some very bitter experiences of late. Speculations in sand ballast, wbicb he engaged in a few years ago at Port AnguBta Extension, have turned out cronk—to use a vulgar term—and now he is praying for a cyclone to come along, aud rid him of his incubus. He would not have eared about the sand patches remaining on bis hands, but wbat lacerates bis feelings is to be asked to fence and pay rates on 'cm. It seems as though tbe Hon gentlemen cannot sell, give, or forfeit tbe abominable sand area, and consequently be is in a quondary. But evidently be iB not despairing and intends to try snd circumvent the Davenport Corporation somehow—but I do not think he will though. Mr £. Ward's Tecent utterances in public and private have made some of bis ardent supporters pause a trifle. In Quorn he has been pretty freely denounced nor is this to be wondered at considering the lengths be haB stated be is prepared to go with a view of bringing the cantankerous mob to tbeir senses. I myself have bad a short insight into the Hon. mem's character recently, and I must say he haB developed peculiarities since he has been in the Upper Bsuse, of an extraordinary character. A three day's jaunt in a trap is a first-class place to strike acquaintanceship and gauge character, and so I found it. I crossed swords with tde elderly representative of this district, and found on every occasion he bad but one theme to draw upon—tbe altogether too great freedom given to the working man. Mr Ward impressed upon my mind much about the inequalities of mankind, and were 1 to publish one quarter of bis bloodthirsty remarks to me, bis life I feel sure would be worth s smaller purchase than tbe Windsor murderer's. Enough to say, ye working men and lower strata of society generally, Mr Ward has got bis argus-eyes upon you! Beware! or he'll shoot you down likewell like republicans or any other animals. A great Busman official has just banded to Prince George of Greece the identical stick with which was averted tbe blow aimed at the Czarewitch in Japan. It has been magnificently mounted and bears the inscription, "To Prince George, for valor." Fighting Caasar's ghost!—"for valor" t What a nice subject for nursery rhyme— his is the stick with the golden knob, 1 hat the Kussians gave to George the snob, For averting a blow with a bamboo cob, That was aimed at tbe Czarewitch's nob— snd so on, a la "The house that Jack built." For "valor," indeed, when tbe Whole business was declared to be nothing more BcrionB than an after-dinner brawl, A mother complained to a London magistrate that her daughter, aged 16, bad •loped with a bo/q| U i 