Town Talk. That this is the easson for bogas cable grams. That three snoh messages (with their de nials) appeared in one newspaper inane thia week. That sending messages, only to be contra dicted next day, is very fine for the cable com panies, but how about the pookets of the on fortunate newspaper proprietors .? That they cannot see the sablime beauty of that sort of eoterprire. That if the cable liars .re determined to go on with their little bit a.f what may be fan to them, but what is (penoatary) death to others, the "T.T." mean'respectfullly makes the fol lowing snggeetions for tleir beneit : That the Dotch have taken Holland. That Bismarck and the rash young man who goverens Germany are now seen walking arm-in-arm every day, and " Ilock-'ag I' at the opera every night. That the Emperor of Germany has ocon ferred the order of the Iron Cross on the editors of the "reptile press." Teat Gladstone, in a recent speech, asserts that Home Rule is not within the realm of praotioal politios. That all dock labourers and members of waterside nions have denosnsed strikes and threatned to Ilpch Ben Tillett and Tommy Mann. That Sallsbury and Jostin M'Carthy have exchanged photos aod looks of hair. That W. T. Stead and Sir Cbahles Dilk, have been disovered playing hop scotch. That Ms Ms Creek is one of the livest places in West Moreton or any cther More. ton. That the relsidente are great on Band of Hope affairs. That they have now decided on taking a big forward step, and have aooordiogly gone in for a Parliamehtary OClea. That, like true patrioti Qseeneslanders, they propose to lend their aid in thesettlement of all matters of Stateoraft, particularly when agricultural interests are in question. That, for the couentry, there is no institetion that can equal a debating olass--it is simply invaluable. That it helps to make a community thought fol and intelligent, and geives it a tone that nothing else can give it. That-here's to the Ms MaIcms I and may it's shadow never grow less. That that ratepsyers' meeting at Glamorgan Vale was pretty unanimons. That, when m~itings are of that character, everybody is better pleased tban when discord and strife prevail. That the ratepayers did not deliberate long before they made their choice of oeandidates for Divisional Board honoors. That it is pretty safe to say that those osandi. dates mst have something in them, or they would not have been chosen so quickly-and very nearly elected as well. That there are not many retiring Boardsmen who would get three cheers from the ratepsyers, hlike Pratt did on that ocOieonD. That his question as to how many were pre. pared to pay £I, as well as their rates, for the redemption of a loan, put tbhe kibosh on the loan. That, jist now, it takes farmers all their time to pay their rates, let alone pay anything beyond those does. That the roal which was under disonssion at that meeting meost be a very ornate double barrelled Baldwin locomotive sort of thorogbh fare if iJ requires, ·s was affirmed, a cplvert, creomething of that kind, about fifteen chaine mn length. That a celvert 9gOlft., or nearly a quarter of a mile, in length, would about takete kthe ske so far as QBueensand is concerned, and the "T.T." man is not sere that it wouldn' esnavel the belt for the wldie b Aentralio. That, anyway, it was obviously anaoh a.large order that thebs meeting did not feel callednpon to undertake it, and dropped it as if it was heavy. That the nseual wset&tarday; is expected to day. That, if it does not come off, everybody will be aerprised, though perhaps not bitterly dis appointed. That it is also quite likely that the enstomary wet oSunday will eventuate to-morrow. That, if it doesn't, it will be because the weather isn't consistent in its performances, and it ought to be called upon to explain its inoand-ont roning. That, if this wet business keeps on much longer, it will be matter for coneideration whether we should not choose some other day for our Baturday-say, Thursday. That, if this were done, we might be able to dodge the weather a little more sacnessfully than we have done daring the last coaple of yeers. That the police stations of Lowood and Fernvale don's appear in the imniediate tele. scoope of futority. Tonat the "' T.T" man doesn't know what the people up that way said when they heard that they weren't to have astation, but he can make an approximately aeonrate guess. That the above decision was rather rough on the entespaiiog residenie of the townships cor.cInea ; and the "T.T." man wonders how Seymnoor ouuld have the heart to sand in suchb a recommendation after the Bare-up he got all the time he was there. That the great writer wonders whether Se ymoer would get any eteap feeds and cheap drinks if he wens up to Ferovale and Lowood now. That the great writer trows he wouldn't. That, if he were in Bseymoor's place, he wouldn't ron the risk of visitiog those town ships for the next ten yeara, anless be had a body-goard of 3000 policemen all as big as O'Drieooll. That, if Fernvale and Lowood were in a pas toral district, there would have been polieos asttone in them long ago. That everybody is glad that Cneingham Davis has been allowed 10s. per weok for another three months. Toat it is a pity that, in such cases, a larger allowance cannot be rade. That the letter from the old country respeet leg the present state of the Indian matiny fond seems like reviving a ghost of the past. That many of the young people of this land have probably never heara of the relief of Lucknow. that the exoitement wasee great in Southern Queensland when the Engliseh mail came in, bringing news of the heroic defence of the Bes denoy. That there was no cable in those days, and people didn't get English news every week, as they get it now. That they didn't get it even once a month; they got it occasionally-soeimetimes, if they lived ont of towns, as often as twice a year I That seven insignifioant Qoeensland (whith, by the way, wasn't Queensland then) rejoiced when it was known that Inglie's immortals had held out till Havelook reached and resoned them. That, in spite of all troables, including treachery, privation, and death, the galiant garrison fought on nflin?ohingly " While ever from the topmost roof The banner of old Englaad flow." That the quarry dispute is not yet settled. That the resolution of the Buudanba Board, as sent to the Counoil, seems eaoroely to have been the resolution that they passed, or, rather, the resoletion that was moved; while the re nolution of the Coueoit seems ecarcoly to meet the resolution of the Board. That, as the ooncil have not yet got the faintest authority over the land in question, it is very kind of them to give permission to the Board to take gravel from it without payment -very kind, indeed. That the 'T.T." man understande that some statietiae of Board and Counoil expendi. tore (espeoially Board expenditure) on bound? ary roads have been compiled, and he is in. formed that they are strong enough to flatten somebody ont. That Wakeman, who took four wiokets in one over in the Whitwood Colliery match, must he worse than 0spof." That, if he can repeat that feat very often or even ooeseconally-he wal be able to sell hba servioes at about a guinea per over. That the Ipswich horse, Reprieve, did well in winning the Trial Hand'cap, in Brisbane, tae other day., That the Ipswich visitors, almost to a man, backed him, and they scooped a good "dir." That, when they rolled up to get it, a high. flying eportisteneeringly ejaculated, "Oh, look at the boshwhackere 1" "Tht the said individual is said to have come to this country to learn something, and one of the dret things he should endeavour to sacqie is better manners. That, ac he apparently has nrne of his own, he ahourld boy a book on the sobject. 