. THE RIGHT SORT.' A & 2OMANOE OF THE SHIREs. BY MaS. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER XIV.-A Frann en N.ED. :By time-honoured custom the opening meet of Sir Beaucham Lenard's hounds was invariably Lheld at Stapleton. In olden days, during the life of the late lamented Squire, Stapleton Hall had been renowned for a generous hospitality. From the richest to the poorest, people were liberally regaled, and nobody was ever sent empty away from the doors of the most popular and beet-hearted fellow in the country. Stch was the verdict of the public. But, alas! lifeis fleeting, and in course of time this ex cellent gentleman was gathered to his fore fathers, and his eldest son, Duberly Stapleton, took up the reins of oflice. The latter cared little for sport, and, although a staunch pre server of foxes, seldom honoured the county )lsunds with his presence. .Sta~leton Hall was a fine old structure, built in the Gothic style of architecture. It stood on an eminence, from which an extensive view of the surrounding country was obtain able.' In a hollow immediately to the rear of the house lay a large piece of ornamental ,water, on whoseo smooth surface a pair of stately, long-necked swans swam gently to and fro, turning their slender necks from side to aide, while their white plumage gleamed like snow in the morning sun. From the left bank of'this lake a well-timbered wood, known by the name of Stapleton Hillside and intersected by many winding paths, rose steeply up, while in front of the residence an unbroken expanse of undulating grass, not unlike the billows of lthe sea, presented itself to the eye. About three hundred yards beyond the house a depression in the ground formed a sort of valley, from whose sides sprung a couple of thickly goreed coverts several acres in extent. They were renowned as a veritable stronghold of foxes, from which the "varmint" was hard to dislodge; but numerous as these were in point of numbers, and apparently fine, healthy, well-grown animals, it was a most un usual thing for a homebred Stapleton ever to'do much more than vacillate between gorse and Hillside, until the patience of hounds, huntsman, and field fairly came to an end. All hrough the forenoon, directly a move was made, Reynard slunk hither and thither, at least half-a-dozen being on foot at one time, and the screeching, hooting, shouting, and galloping never ceased for one moment, to the intense delight of the swarms of foot people who emade the opening meet an excuse for for oaking their legitimate occupations, and taking a regular holiday. But when little by little the 1 crpwd began to disperse, and the Stapleton a ioces had once more fully sustained their un enviable reputation, Dick Slaint, the huntsman, byorder of Sir Beauchamp, trotted the hounds straight away off to Maddington Gorse, from which place a worthy yokel had just brought I thewelcomepiece of intelligence that a fine old dog fox had been viewed by himself stealing I ?Pmthe warm and sheltered sides only a few I cnmutes previously. To Stirrup's intense con sternation, KingOlat having during the pre- a ceding day given utterance to one cr two I ominous-sounding coughs. Kate at the last S minute had found'herself obliged to fall back a upon Grissetto. N'ow all through the morning the grey had proved exceedingly fractious and g irritable, refusing to stand still for one single I :aseond, anon plunging her head violently for- r wards with an impatient jerk which almost I 'ragged the reins out of Kate's hands, again i suddenly tossing it on high, till her face was in immanent danger. The short gallops hitherto r indulged in between the gorse and the Hillside, i alternating with periods of prolonged inaction, f hadapparentlyaronsed the marc's impetuous temperament to a dangerous point, and n *endered her far from a pleasant mount. Added a to this, she displayed the still graver fault of lashing out in the gateways, so that having a bsdlykicked an unoffending quadruped that had pressed upon her more closely than she I deemed advisable, Grisotte had quickly gained i for- herself a disagreeable notoriety, and was pointed out as "that brute" by people who had.heen eye-witnesses of the transacticn. t When, therefore, directly hounds went into a Maddington Gorse, the welcome "Tally ho! c tally ho!" followed by a prolonged and de- . lighted screech of "Hark forrard! Gone away!" reached her ears,'Kate felt the pros- o pect of a scurry, however short, to be a positive a relief. One thing was certain, Grisette could o not possibly behave worse, and the chances G were iafavour of some of her irritability sub- a siding, once hounds were fairly under weigh. w Atsthe first sounds of Dick Slant's horn, the I field started into sudden vitality, and galloped in as isual for the most convenient gate. Alas! S it chanced tobesecurely bolted, and the work h of dismounting and heaving it off its hinges, a owing to the extreme impatience of the crowd, t praved unusually long, several minutes of valuable time being thus unavoidably lost, t while people stood by and cursed and swore as d if the most terrible calamity had happened, and I theirvery lives depended upon theinstantaneous c removal of the unwelcome obstacle. Now im mediately to the right stretched a very big but a nsevertheless jumpable fence. It was a bit too big, however, at starting, when jumping still I bore the charm of novelty, and practice had t not as yet rendered seats secure and nerve con- . ident. The huntsman, though, could not afford such considerations when his hounds I were in full cry, so withoutmore than a passing hesitation he charged the fence and got over, followed by a Colonel Clinker on a grey horse, who cleared the whole thing beautifully, and i these two thus gained quite a fifty yards' start on the barricade division. Mounted on King Olaf or the Duckling, for either of them in spired her with courage, Kate would have t dearly liked to follow suit, but it appeared de cidedly rash to attempt doing so on an untried I animal, who so far had certainly not succeeded inmaking avery favourable impression on her i mistress. There are occasions, however, when the actions are determined without voluntary I effort, and this was one--at least so far as Kate b was concerned-for while she was standing o a little outside the crowd, fearful of e Grisette's heels inflicting further injury, and f waiting for the gate to be removed, the mare took the bit between her teeth and pulling i like a demon, in a set resolute fashion which de fled any attempt at resistance, charged full tilt b at the fence before Kate fairly realised what she was about. Finding herself absolutely power less to control the animal's movements, she -w-isely desisted in her endeavours to do so, and thereby probably saved herself a fall. She sat perfectly still, gave Grisette her head, and the next mmute with a crash and a smash which smanded decidely alarming in the ears of a novice, and which sent the topmost twigs flying in every direction, the mare landed far into the next field. The noise of breaking branches cansed Colonel Clinker to turn round in his saddle, and, when he perceived the girl, to cry out " Bravo!" approvingly. But seeing Kate safely over, and no harm done, he did not diainishhis speed, for now the hounds were simply racing in their front across big grass pastures, pointing as if for Stornow, a thickly fenced and very unnegotiable bit of country, which took a deal of doing, as Colonel Clinker had often found to his cost. In the large, moist felds the eadishes grew long and yellow, cling mg to the horses' legs, reaching almost up to their hocks, and renderinpit extremely difficult to. avoid small cut drains which intersected them, and which made riding fast a work of considerable danger, especially with an animal n?ot abhsolutely in hand; but the pace was too great to allow of hesitation. It really began to.look as if they were in for a good thing, and as if for once scent was all that it ought to be. An they tore along, Kate's energies were entirelydevoted tositting farback in the saddle Rnd preventing Grisette from running away altogether. She was in that unpleasant posi tion when the consciousness of utter weakness, pitted against brute force, presents itself to the rmad. If the mare made the slightest false step they might break their necks together for all thepower she retained of preventing any shch calamity. Still the situation was decidedly Oteitng, for now, close under Stornow village, Shohoasld made a sharp detour to the right, whioh completely upset the calculations of the road and point riders, constituting the great bulk of the field, who by this manmiuvre were hopeleessly thrown out, so that none but the im msedlate followers were left in attendance on t aofyiny beauties. Meanwhile GOrisette was pullig like a mad thing, and Kate's face, from the exertion of endeavouring to hold her, re -sembled afull.grown peony. Her arms ached aid tingled from the sockets to the wrists, and woirse.tan all, a tremulous deaodsensation had 'began to overtake them, depriving them of the Slittle strength they still possessed. The fences, too, now camein rapid succession, oneaf tor the other, almost as fast as they could jump them -lbg. Iir flying fences, guarded by ditches, ocitof grass into grass--a magnificent country, bulf on that undoubtedly demanded a finished 0hunter. As she swept over, or rather through, eachimpediment in its turn, the utmost Kate .oould do was to keep the mare's head straight add'trut to Providence, for Grisetto had an 'sn~y'syg of chancing top-hinders in a manner "oilyyt~o ell csleslatedl to strike terroe into the hiat of 'her rider. Nevertheless, up till now, Sinsriiredby the example of the good grey horse in froat, be held her own, despite aundry narrow escape, and kept her place close in -Pblb?Aed bh arrongeinent with Wad,~.Iaok, -and C. E244) his wake. Grisette's faults were many, s Kate had not been longin discovering ; but the most heinous one of refusing could not be numbered in the catagory of her shortcomings. The very sight of a fence seemed to add to her natural impetuosity, and though unpleasantly chary of height, width presented no obstruction whatever. There was not much fear of her leaving her hind legs floundering in the ditch, so that aftera bit, flnding.she got over some how, even though notquite so cleanly as she was in the habit of doing, Kate grew tolerably accustomed to the mare's peculiar style of jumping, and became almost reconciled to the recurring sound cf the breaking twigs as they flow before Grisette's forelegs like arrows shot from a bow. Her blood by this time was in a glow, fear had lost its restraining influence, caution had fleod to the winds ; her one idea, her one thought, was to keep near to that good grey at any hazard. Rather than lose a yard, she felt prepared to smash t every bone in her body. The pace at which they were going intoxicated her. Those t who hunt themselves, having doubtless often realised the sensation, will recall times when I they have ridden their very best under similar 1 circumstances, and ill sympathiese with what t less adventurous spirits might term this dare devil, foolhardy mood of the girl's. Colonel Clinker, on Snowflake, once become I conscious that Kate Bre wser was following close e in his footsteps, had several times turned round o in the course of the run and shouted to her to t come fast or slow, as the case might be, at any i particular fence, and during these brief glances c he perceived that in spite of Kate's courageand ih good horsemanship, Grisette had completely I overpowered her mistress, and was far from n being a safe conveyance. But there was little a time for reflection. Since they had left Stornow, h the hounds had never faltered for a second, but b flown along with a breast-high scont. Very h few were with them. Dick Slant, the - huntsman, and Colonel Clinker cut out the e work, the latter with Kate in attendance, and f behind them not more than a dozen horsemen, h eachriding his hardest, with eyes eagerly bout , on the racing pack, that, in a compact body, d streamed on, on, on, without a straggler or ti laggard among the number, in stern and cs terrible silence. The yokel had been right S when he testified to Maddington Gorse holding si a good old dog-fox, who had brought them, along in a style not often seen, even in the a crack huntingcounty of Great Britain. But ri now Pug seemed to change his point, and again bore away to the right. The pace began to tell al upon him, as well as upon the horses, and he Is sought a convenient refuge, leaving the sound a and springy turf which httherto he had closely o0 adhered to, and making for the dillicult country g all round about Shepperton. a village .con- cc spicuous by a solitary windmill standing on a ft big round hill, which formed a landmark to the t surrounding neighbourhood. The fences here tl were regular "'man traps," guarded on tl one or either side by stiff wooden rails, com- w monly called " oxers." Two ploughed fields, hi heavyand binding, now lay in frontof the al pursuers, the first of them being separated from of the arable land by a tall and uncommonly ge hairy bullfinch. Dick Slant pulled his clever hunter up to a trot, and after some persuasion vi and jobbing in the mouth, managed to bore a fit way through, and then pop off the bank over ro the ditch on the far side, and the well-trained so Snowflake did likewise. It was eminently a to a place where a good steady horse showed to gi advantage, but it was useless asking Grisette to th go slowly or to double. She rushed at the Ce bullfinch in her usual wild wild manner. The in reins were torn out of Kate's hands, and she he herself nearly dragged off backwards. Never- at theless, she got over safely, though in rather a fe sorry plight. Herhat was battered in, and a he sharp thorn had caughther face, and scratched it to such an extent that the blood flowed fe freely. "The brute !" said Colonel Clinker indig. al nantly, as he saw the red drop, making their co slow way down her disfigured cheek. "Why on earth does she want to go a thousand miles K an hour at everything she comes across!" "That's just wbat' can't tell you," gasped th Kate, applying her pocket-handkerchief to the lei injured part. "All I know is, it's exceedingly fs unpleasant." m But they bad no time for further talk, for sh the hounds, thoughlrunnin' rather more slowly, were still advancing steadily over the sticky tie clay fallows. Now there are certain horses lit who can not get along at all in heavy, wet ui soil. Even animals that are very decent stayers on the top of the ground collapse altogether ki when their hoofs sink fetlock-deep in the soft at earth. Directly they entered the plough, Grisette began to labour and falter in her sh stride. She stretched her head forwards, the co white foam lathered the reins like soap-suds, while the mare's mane hung damp and straight " in steaming wisps upon her dripping neck. he She had clearly shot her bolt, and now dropped ac heavy on the hand, although she ceased pulling ex and enatchingat the bridle. As they crossed on the second of the two ploughed fields she sub. sided from a gallop to a canter, from a canter Cc to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never he do to stop with the pack now well ahead, and lhe Kate determined to struggle on to the end, fo corite grei cc;te. She was by no means a: insensible to the danger of riding he a beaten animal, only she could not bring her- pr self to cease following the hounds when up till of now she had held so good a place and enter- ko tained such a pleasant conseciousness of having I1 gone really well. Nevertheless, what but a sp rew short minutes ago, in spite of Grisette'se I little eccentricities, had appeared to her the tie summit of human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. She m began to speculate on the probable duration of hi the run, and devoutly wished for its prompt termination, or at least a prolonged and highly or welcome check. If something did not happen, so and that soon, she would be forced nolen.e volen., to give in, for to feel that wretched Grisette th sobbing and labouring under her, to see the of limp neck and distended nostril, to hear the oe catching breath and palpitating heart, going Pe like a sledgehammer, to watch the convulsive be jerkings of the quivering tail, and the spas. ye medic heavings of the panting flank, had become both pitiful and vexatious in the middle na of a good run. Fortunately there was grass it once more ahead, and only a small straggly ai fence intervening between it and the plough. to With a faltering leap, followed by a real bad I' peck and a desperate struggle to regain her le footing, Grisette got over it, bearing away on Ii. her moist brow the marks of mother earth. f "That was a near thing," thought Kate. S However, a miss is as good as a mile, according Ce to the old saying." h Her spirit rose within her in spite of this h mishap, for she hoped that the light going, o0 added to some judicious nursing on her part, a might succeed in pulling the mare through after all. But these hopes were destined to be " of very anort duration, for to her dismay about a couple of hundred ysrds ofa loomed an immense stake-and.bound fence, newlytrimmed, t with a binder running all along the top as a thick as a man's arm, andapparently ton thou- t sand times more unyielding-au obstacle. even on the fittest and freshest of horses, entitled to h great respect. Colonel Clinker, when he saw " st in the distance, took a pull at Snowflake and a waited for Kate to come up almost alongside. tl "For heaven's sake," he said in a voice full s of anxiety, "take care what, you are about ! Y'our mare's dead beat, and 1 don't half like o oI can't possibly show the white feather b now," came the answer between her set teeth. F "At all events," he said, "let me go first. There's just a chance of Snowflake's carrying away the binder, or making abholo somewhere. a Put the mare steadily at the fence and usoeep her t well in hand, for she's bound to scramble terribly." But the gallant Snowflake for once failed to h satisfy his master's aspirations. He collected himself for an effort and flew the obstacle like a bird, with at least a foot to spare. There woeas little fear of his. bringing topbnders away. So great, however, was Colonel Clinker's anxiety " that he pulled him back almost to a standstill, h in order that he might watch how Kate fared. Urging the mare on by heel and voice, the girl C rode bravely at the fence; but even before I Grisette took of she knew for certain they were a bound to come to grief. There was no answeor- e ing response to her call, no elasticity of motion or willingness of spirit, nothing but a dis heartening reluctance to proceed. A horrible crash, a violent fall, a recollection of the mare rolling backwards and to-wards over her body, followed by the .death.like I feeling of a heavy crushing weight pinning her to the ground, were Kate's immediate sensa tions. Far too beat to attempt rising from the place where she had fallen. Grisette laid on the I helpless girl, grunting with terror, every now and then hitting out with her hind legs, which momentarily threatoned to dash the head of her unfortunate rider to pieces. Each minute it seemed as if the deadly iron hooats must prove fatal. "Good God !" exclaimed Colonel Clinker, hastening to dismount. ' I never saw a worse fall in my life; she will be killed, to a certainty. HIere, one of you follows," he said to a couple of men who had just come up, "hold my horse, will you ? There is not a minute to be lost. We must got her away somehow." His face was ghastly, with not a vestige of colour left in it; still his presence of mind did not desert him. In any emergency he woe quick to decide upon a course of action, and he saw at a glance that owing to the danger of Grisette kicking out yet more violently, it would be useless attempting to draw Kate's proetrate body from under her by maln atrength. as 1 The best chance appeared to be to get the mare SI on her legs as quickly and as quietly as pos. se sible. The risk might be great, but it must be s. run, there was no help for it. "The brute wr will struggle," he said. "However, it's a case ly of killor cure, and weean only act for the best. in Delay can do no good." ir Kate in her dangerous position heard the t, words. "You are right," she said, looking at him to with a faint smile. "Delay can do no good, y and I promise to keep as still as a mouse." f The relief of hearing her speak these few .o words and of knowing she retamed her senses y was so immense that it lightened half the load it of care weighing on Jack Clinker's heart. a "That's right." he said more cheerily. "Trust to us, and all will come well yet. We shan't let any harm happen to you if we can d help it." a She tried to answer, but her face paled sand. deuly, as just then Grisoette gave a fresh t struggle, and the iron hoofs missed hor head by the eigbth of an inch. a "Bless the girl!" said Colonel Clinker to a himself, " what a good plucked 'un she is, to r be sure! She has never screamed once, al t though I fearshe must be in great pain." And he was right, though she would have scorned any outward expression of the fact, for her breath came hard and slow, and a sickly ,sensation was stealing over her. To be so near Sa sudden and awful death, to realise all its ( terrors in that first swift, overpowering im pulse of physical fear and human weakness I common to mankind, was an experience not I lightly to be encountered even by the bravest. t lKate did not call out or faint, but in those few moments when she lay under GriEotte she lived t Sa lifetime, Suffering, retrospection, memory, a hopes and doubts were all condensed in that I brief period. Like in a mirror, the actions of b \- her girlhood presented themstelves to her mind \--her dear dead uncle, the old home, Herbert, afaggie, Mary Whitbread, and a host of con. fused thoughts. How was it that the life she had often professed to disdain appeared so li sweet at the first prospect of losing it ? Why did she suddenly cling to it with such a strange I tenacity, when one good blow of Grisette's hoofs could so easilyput an erndtoearthly struggles? o She could not have told, or given herself any satisfactory reason for this change of feeling, n which at twenty- two was only thoroughly t natural, being but the strong vitality of youth d rebelling against possible death. s8 Meantime several people flocked round the ii spot where disaster had taken place, for bad as G hunaun nature is represented, there are always I a certain number of folks ready if an accident occurs, even when hounds are running hard, to a give up their own immediate enjoyment and come to the assistance of their less fortunate fellow.creature. , Perhaps the consciousness rt that one good turn deserves another, and that fi their own time may be near athand, has some- '11 thing to do with the truly Samaritan spirit cJ which unquestionably exhibits itself in the ca hunting- field. A man who will jump on you almost as soon as look at you will nevertheless ti often give up a good run in case of an emer gency aritsug. 51 Colonel Clinker, aided by several kindly n volunteers, now seized Grizette by tee head and tc flank, and with all his force attempted to a raise her from the ground. Twice she made a oa sort of half effort, and twice, her legs seeming tc to slip from under her, she rolled back on the in girl: but at the third essay, and after a short in though desperate scramble, during which sc Colonel Clinker held up Lirisotte's neck with an iron grasp, she managed once more to regain et her footing, and stood on all fours, snorting rc and shaking like an aspen-leaf. Kate lay per- al fectly still, for the two last rolls had crushed of her sorely. in "Are you terribly hurt ?" asked Jack Clinker p fearfully, bending over the prostrate form. "Dear me! she is ineensible." he added in alarm, when no immediate answer was forth coming. to His words and anxious perturbed face braced Kate to fresh effort. " No, I'm not." she answered bravely, ei though her lips quivered as she spoke. " At least," correcting herself, for she had never feltane she did now, and was not very sure what might happen next, "at least, not quite. I i shall be better in a little, I dare say." " Ah, the brute rolled right over you several times. However, I hope you will feel more like yourself in a few minutes. You've had an ugly shaking." In " Thanks, ' she replied. " You're all so kind to me, and I hatomyseelf for making such f an absurd fuss, but I think I shall do now." hi She tried to raise herself upon her elbow as she spoke, but the movement caused such dis comfort she was glad to desist from the effort. tb *" Give her a drop of brandy," suggested one. " Undo her habit," said a second. " Loosen th her collar," advised a third. " Cut her stay ace," hazarded a fourth. "Stand her up," exclaimed a fifth ignorant but well-intentioned onlooker. hl " Do nothing of the sort, gentlemen," said he Colonel Clinker, decidedly. " Let the lady have plenty of air, and don't all crowd round t her together. She wants to be left quite still fa for a bit, and allowed to remain where she is hi a few minutes until she comes round. In fact," hi he added, with a keener insight into Kate's h probable wishes than was possessed by the rest di of the assembled company, " I really hardly et know if it is necessary to detain you any bi longer. It's a pity for you all to lose your a sport, and I will remain with the young lady. I feet sure she would rather you lost no more bl time." "Oh, yes !" interrupted Kate, "it makes me quite unhappy that so many people should have their fun spoilt on my account. Please go." li Thus admonished, one by one the httle crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker was the sole member of it left. "I wish you'd go too," said she, directly f they found themselves alone, with a remnant of her old pride. " I've been quite bother enough as it is, and I daresay Stirrup will ap. pear before very long. I don't the least mind being left alone, and I can't bear the idea of li your not seeing the finish of so good a run." "Hounds aremiles away by this time," he answered indifferently, "and though I admit n it ewas a good run, it is by no means the first, and, please God, by no means the last I shall Ii take part in. So don't vex yourself about that. I'm not altogether such a selfish savage as to ti leave a lady all by herself m circumstances like the present." He hesitated for one moment, and then added, "especially you." She could not have told why, but his answer tl comforted her. She had begged him to leave her, but at the same time she had not wanted him to go, and now he disclaimed the intention of quitting her so peremptorily that she de sisted from any further persuasion. " You are very good," she said once more, " and I suppose you will take your own way, whatever I urge to the contrary." " ,Vay? Why, of course, I shall; I'm used to having my own way in everything, as you'll soon find out," he answered cheerily. His ad miration for her cool courage was rising fast. At that moment all thought of fox and hounds had vanished from his mind. His next action was to take off his red coat, roll it into a ball, and place it under the girl's head. "There, 1 that's better, is it not ?" he said. "' Makes a sort of pillow. Do you feel cold at all ? I wish to goodnese I had something to throw over you and keep you warm. After all I was a fool sending those fellows off in such a hurry, but I began to be afraid they might annoy yon. They mean well, but have not a bit of tact." "' I'm very glad you did," she said with a smile. " Some of their suggestiontes were p:si tively alarming. But won't you catch cold without any coat F" That simple act had touched her woman's heart, and predlisposed her mot more in his favour than all that had gone before. It testified to a chivalrous and kitdly nature. "' Not I. Do you think I'm barley-sugar to melt iC the sun or the rain, as the case may be? But we must not let you stay here too long, for there is such a thing as rheumatism in this world. Do you think you Scould get up now if I were to help you a little? zDon't be in any hurry, unless you feel inclined, only perhaps it may be wise to make an effort" S" I'll try," she said, submissively. "I feel much better than I did a little while ago." "Capitali. The quiet has done you good Safter all! I have had so many falls of one sort and another myself that I know from ex perience what a relief it is, whem ode is knocked out of time, to be allowed to lie still for a minute or two. Oflicious friends either s cer'C or uon't understand that fact, 'and give Syou no peace until they have hauled you on to your horse again. Often andl often have Ir Swished them all a hundred miles away." S'" Talking of horses., what has become of my Sunfortunate steed? IHs she broken her neck Sor run away." " Neither, though the former would but have served her right for her misdomeanouxre. She's Snot very far off, or likely to werader in hebo present condition." i The Honorable Jack cast an iunlignant glance y over his shoulder at the unconscious authores Sof Katoe's misfotehones, who, tiedtoa gate-poet, side by side with the gooi old Snowuae, if looked exceediugly wretcsed and forlorn, Sbespatterel with mud fmrs head to tail, the Scrutches of her saddle all dented in, and her , coat, stiffeaing rapidly troa the cold as super c Oning on lavish persapsiion. "t Thobeast!" exaimsed he, ayeing her with 'a marked disfavour. ]sabould likea t shoot her Son tnespot." o "Don't be so bloodthirsty. What did poor SGrisette do to encompass our downfall, for a really I hardly know?" e "I will tell you easily enough. She never a made the ghost of an effort, or rose one single inch, but just galloped straight into the fence, caught the binder with her chest, and turned a e complete somersault into the field. A pretty lady's hunter!" "Now, I won't have you abuse my property. It's not good manners; besides, remember, the poor thing was dead beat, and really was notb so much to blame after all. We seemed to me to have been galloping tremendously fast, and I don't somehow think she's much of a stayer. She did not give me the impression." "That I can easily believe, for those tearing, rushing brutes generally do pull themselves out in something under, twenty minutes, and once they begin to blow it's all up. They ride like a lump of lead for the rest of the day. I don't tumble to that class of animal. Nine times out of ten they're soft, showy, and cowardly. As for Grisette-that is her name, is it not F-you ought not to give her a chance of repeating her ill-conduct in the future. You stuck to her like a brick, and rode awfully well, but take my word for it, she's not a safe animal for any lady to hunt." "She has her faults, I admit, but perfection is terribly hard to find, either in human beings or in horseflesh. Such at least is my expert ence." She had succeeded in assuming a sitting position, but still felt unequal to the task of remounting or standing upright. It was therefore, with some relief she saw Colonel Clinker's second horseman now appear on the scene, who touching his hat respectfully, as if not altogether sure his presence might not I be considered incompatible with certain orders I he had received erstwhile, said in a half. apologetic, half-explanatory sort of way- " Beg pardon, sir! but farmer Smith 'eetold me t as 'ow you wals- staying behind with a lady as 'ad met with a bad haccident, and I took the a libertyofriding Hopal part of the way back i again to see if I could render any assistance. I 'ope I acted right, sir." r "Quite right"' answered his master, in tones of unqualified approbation, though the chances were on any other occasion poor Leatherdale e might have received a severe reprimand for t this breach of discipline. "And now, Leather. t dale, attend to what I say. I want you to go ii straight to the inn and tell them to bring a trap immediately, and to wait at the cross-road for c Granby until I turn up. You know the place s I mean, don't vnu ? ' "Yes, sir. well nigh upon the old sign.post, I afore you come to the seventh milestone." p "*Exactly: and Leatherdale, don't forget to ask for the loan of a shawl or warm wrap of e rone sort or other. The young lady is sure to feel chilly afters bit, when the reaction sets in. If they make any bother about lending it, you ae can mention my name and give them half.a. o crown. Do you understand what I want?" p "I'm to order a trap and borrow a shawl, and t tell 'em to wait till you come, sir." I "That's it, and Leatherdale," turning to speak with the.man aside, so that Kate might I not overhear his final injunctione-" it's as well p to be on the safe side. if you should happen to a meet Miss Brewser's groom on the way, or any- t one going in the direction of Foxington, ask him to call at Dr. Baker's and leave a message say- f, ing his services will be required at Sport Lodge in about an hour's time.. I fear there may be h some broken hones to set." i1 "'Deed, sir! I'm sorry to hear that, air!" g said Leatherdale with ready sympathy as he rode off to do his master's bidding, determined, a after the manner of his kind, that the ill-news f, of Miss Brewser's accident should lose nothing r in transmission, but rather gain in point and tl piquancy. CHAPTER XV.-A EflisxD is NEED. d As soon as he had gone, Colonel Clinker said to Kate in a voice of quiet authority:. '"And now we must get you to your feet. P You have lain on that damp ground quite long is enough, and will derive no-more benefit from keeping still. Can you rise by yourself, or hall 1 I?help you "t Kate shook her head, and declined assistence it in her curiously independent way, but only to a find a moment later. when she struggled up with w great pain and difficulty, that she could not possibly do without aid. For one instant she stood tottering and sway-. ing to and fro like a helpless reed in the wind; then suddenly the green fields, Grisetto, Snow- b flake, Colonel Clinker, seemed to swim before her eyes, a sickly faintness stole over her frame, and she would have fallen had not Jack F supported her in'his arms. She could just feel their atrong but gentle clasp, and then she lost consciousneses. Her eves closed, and insensibly fl the small head, with its crushed and battered '> pot hat, sank on his broad shoulder as on a 1 pillow. A transient gleam lit up Jack Clinker's frank 33 blue eyes when he felt Kate's weight. As'he - held her for once, as it indeed she were his very own, a swift, strauce thrill of delight shot cc through his being. With. her pale, scratched face, dishevelled hair, and blue lips, she moved w him more than any woman had hitherto done in a his whole life before. It was the same feeling he had experienced the night of RIrs. Forrester's dinner-partv, but now it returned with twofold di strength. He took out his silver flask, forced tt brandv through the girl's set teeth, and waited A anxioussy for the symptoms of returning life. Gradually a faint tinge of colour, like the 9i blush of a white rose. flickered bhck into her cI cheeks, and the beautiful lashes which hid the grey eyes curled themselves upwards. At first her lookl was vague and wandering, but as little by little the brain, beg an to reassert its b power, a rosy flush suffused her whole counten ance. "I am better now," she said, freeing herself P from his arms. "I can't think what made me a so silly. I have never fainted until to-day." He let her go directly, but even then she could not stand alone. He bold out his hand 8s that powerful, manly hand she had noticed and v liked before. h " Will you not take it?" ha said with a half smile. "You are proud, but you see you can- 5 not do without me altogether." She put her small palm in his, and he led her a' like a little child to the- place, some few yards distant, where the two horses were standing A tied together. "If you could manage to sit on Grisette for a a hundred yards or so," 'he said gently, " just n till we get to the road and meet the trap, I think it would be bettor for you than` walking. P Will von mind my lifting you up?" a "NW o," she said simply. It was a strangely sweet and strangely novel a sensation to hern, who for so many years had been accustomed to take the leadt, to decide and act alone, to find someone who could do these r things for her. It seemed pleasant to be pro' tected and cared for, especially when she was suffering. Many men might have taken ad- C vantage of the astuiation, might have made their t kindness felt as a matter calling for gratitude; but he did everything so quietly and so t naturally that she could but accept sis services a in the same spinrt in which they were rendered. "Do not be afraid," he said, when he had P liftedher on the' mare. "I will lead Grisette with one hand anrl hold you with the other in I case you shoult feel giddy. Lot me know if it hurts you moving." He walkediby her side in silence, but though the motion of-the animal sent a sharp catchy pain to her heaort, and made her grow hot and t cold by turns, sheo shut her lips firmly over her I white teeth, determined no sound of complaint should escape them. She could not bear that 1 he should think her a coward, and so at length they reached the roadside, where, to their no amnall joy, anopen pony-chnise stood in readi ness awaiting their as-rival. "Andinow," said Colonel Clinker to the man in charge,. " Ipropose driving the young lady home, provided you can manage to ride the I grey and lead the mare back. They are both pretty well tired out, and will be as quiet as So snhing he helped Kate into the vehicle, propped her up with the cushions of the seats, and after-tucking a couple of shawls round her, seated himself in the empty place by her side, . and taking up the reins drove off at a goods 1 smart trot. "~m'he ooner we get home the better," he. said, ' and as the trap only holdra two, I thoubht perhaps it might be pleasanter on the whole or,1 you that I should cone instead of the man, who would not have known what steps to take had you turned fa:nt again on the way. He `~temed it necessary to make thia. o?:. plaoation, although he did not de;rms it necessary to tell her how reluctant he felbttu, part from her, at leiasshauntil he was aecared,sha was in good hands. " You are vary Lind and considerate," she said in reply. "I did not know mosa were so thoughtful." ~She was not going to tell hies either how ompletely the arrangement a rtifiid ler. After olh, it svsa only natural to prefer his society. to that of the inupropriutoc from Shopperton. "h ! I fo.got Yousr ostimation of our sex is extromely poor. Well, no mattor-all the mors.realor a for me to endeaqour to. raise it.' "' Did ysus, think .that whan.-.when-" she began oaary, butchcked hoisit? as shdddsly. WShe wantninn, ' whea you mado the bot." S" Wh w~at" he said., seekuag for an ex planati~a?? " O no matter; only something that just 1 hsried to strike meo." -r ,Von't you tellmo whatit was ??" " No, thank you : I'd rather not, espeoo.ely r as the thought recalled a highly disagreeable 1 r recollection." Her tone had' become cold and her manner r frigid. e " In that case1 Papologise for my curiosity," ,he replied, relapsing into silence. a" So you don't approve of Grisette ?" she" said presently, after a 1,...--god pause. " Do you know, I'm afraid.you'rerather vindictive." "No. Approve of' her ? Ishould think not. r Confound the brute r She's a real bad 'un." U "Now, once again I say, don't abuse my belongings ; it's not polite," " Truthvery seldom is: How long has she been in your possession '" •" About two or three months. I was let in by a friend. Friends have a way of doing those pleasant little things at?ines." " Yes, if you call them friends. I don't. I wish 1 could lay claim, however, to being one, so that I might ask a favour at your hands." " Ise friendship the sine qud ion which renders requests admissible " she asked' maliciously. " Are they not often proffered' wirhout any particular intimacy on either side.?" " That speech, is, I suppose, intended to1 remind me of being without the pale. Thank you, Mimss rowser. You have a candid'manner of putting things highly calculated to' impress people witisa sense of your honesty." " And you of snapping up one's words and not understanding chaff. What is this- fovour i you ask?" " SLyý thnet you promise me never. to? ride " Indee !' Am I to show the white feather merely becauseshe has given me a fall ?' That would be cowardly." " No, not because she has given you a fall, but because she is a mad, headstrong, soft brike, not worth her keep. Will you promise F"' " But I can put Stirrup on her,'" said she, equivocating. " She'd do nicely to jog about ii the roads on." " Very nicely.. She would not pull Stirrup's ( arms off, I suppose, or run away, orgo headlong a into the nearest carriage? No. of course not." o " Now, don't be sarcastic. If Grisette's not a fit for meto ride she's not fit for poor dear old n Stirrup. Buthow-am I to get rid of her?" "Easily enough. Make a chop with Phippse or some respectable dealer. Depend upon it, C the first loss is always the smallest in cases of. this sort. There's no extravagance so ruinous in the end as that of sticking to a bail gee." n He was charmed at gaining oven this con. cession, for he honestly only desired her welfare. A pity he could not leave matters as they were \--i pity that some foolish instinct prompted si him to bend over her and say, in a soft, o persuasive voice- "Will you think. it over to-to-please iiae?1" M It was the first indiscretion he had committed t -the first speech which deprived hqr of her ,e sense of ease. %Trs. Forrestr hadl warned her h of his being a flirt. Haild he already begun to it practice on her? Or washaegraduallyesmoothing d the road for that ultimate preposal he had t backed himself to make ? u " No, certainly not," she said curtly. " If r Ithink of selling Grisette at ail it will be to a please myself, not other people; and earouse o my saying so, bit do youea not consider I ought t to be the best judge of my own affairs ?" a No snub could have been more direct. IHis a face flushed as he answered haughtily- h "Certainly, Miss Browser. I regret Ishould have been so foolish as to display the slightest t interest in them. Henceforth I will studiously u guard against any recurrence of the fault." He flicked the pony sharply with the whip, of and settled down into a gloomy silence. She t felt sorry for having for having produced this te result, and aifter a bit endeavoured to resume d the conversation. tl " What a lovely afternoon it has turned out," at she said, after a quartelofran hour had elapsed, ti during which not a word had been uttered b No answer. d Colonel Clinker pretended to be absorbed in a profound contemplation of the surrounding tl landscape. "The country about here looks good for h hunting,"' she said, wishing more and more as a they neared home to makc her peace, and feel- T ing conscious of having ill-requited his kindness d and attention. "Do you often run this way .g, with hounds ?" .' Sometimes." " The fences look very-big about here." t " Rather." ci "I suppose most people don't jump them, , butetick to the roads ?" n, " Yes.""b " How much farther are we from Foxington ? Fart" t N. No." . . She looked up into his fase. It was very h gloomy and ster She put her hand on Irs a arm for one second, and smaid with a pretty, tl penitent smile- "Won't you tell me hlrofar? I hate mono syllabic replies. 'They'rees very unsatisfactory a, -give one no information whatever." 1 Hie brow relaxed a littlethough he answered h, coldly- ' i "Foxington is quite close. You will see it h when we pass the next bend in the road. We are just home." " She made no reply for a few seconds. She was cogitating an unwonted act of grace. They bh drove through the town, past the church, up the hill, then in at the gate of Sport Lodge. hi Another minute and it would be too late. She turned her head away and stored at the T scanty laurels which flourished ill among the tt clay soil. SL Colosnel Clinker," she said in a low voice, ie " I'll promise not to ride Grisette again if you wish it. I was wrong to speak ra I did, and I st believe you had only my interest at heart." fe It cost her a great effort, but nevertheless she felt easier when it wac- over. Her words su- h: prised him so much that the old staid pony was at actually suffered to fall into a walk. hi He looked her straight in the face, with one w keen inquiring glance. "Thank you," he be said. That was all, but from the tone of his tc voice she knew he waoo pleased, and that she , had not suffered in his good opinion. le "Are we frionda. again then ?" she asked it softly. a "I did not know Ton ever considered us as Ic such. Miss Brewser. al "Never mind what you 'did not know.' b: After the great kindness' you have shown me al this afternoon, I should be sorry not to part b amicably. We can resume our differences, if b, necessary on some future occasion." g "I devoutly hope, then, that it may not a, prove necessary. ?dight not 'our differences,' w as you call them, be buried altogether?" a Kate, however, was saved from making any f1 answer to this question by the appearance of h Mary Whitbread, fohllowed by Dr. Ba'er. T "Oh, Kate!"'she said. "What is the a matter ?" t] "Nothing veryseArious, I hope, only I've nmade rather an: idiot of myself, and given t Colonel Clinker noend of trouble," answered the girl. "I wish you .wvuld not mention that part of the business,"' he said. "Don't you remember s a certain bar.gaino we made not so long ago ?" a '" I really naeehamed to saey I've quite for- 1l gotten it." d " Why, thatDwas to be allowed to pick you t 'Ah. yeero course. Little did I think howt soon your asaisbancs would be required." t "Aud now, Kate," said Mary Whitbread, when betweesithem she had been helped into the hall, "'yomsmust come upstaire at once, and t let Dr. Baker pronounc upon your condition. We cannot allow you to stand talking here any longer.'c l Goonlthbyo then," she said to Colonel Clinkesita a smile. "You see I'm under marching orders." She put onut her little hand irankly, and he pressed it in his own. " Goadbye, Miss Brewser. I hope you will soon get, well. May I be allowed to wait until the doctor isasuee his bulletin?" - "Certainly, if you care to take so much troublo " "Idoecare to," and then be turned away ano? wont nod sat by himscId in the small cosy drawiong-r?uom. It seemed a perfect age before. any ono. appeared to relieve his anxiety. tio 1 tooek, in every detail of the apartment-the 1 books, the work, the FAwers, every little sign i ththatbretayedthe presence oftl adies. Hetiried I oven Ihate's photog·rcgh.book. and critiCalty oexamined a faded likeness which repreastedI that young lady, in, habort frock and otggty hair, at the age of fim.e-n. " What a trump she is." he thought o .hiarn nealt, aloh recalled as adventuros of tkseatteor noon.. First, how she hadl followed Limi'fsce for foecs all through the earlier pr- ~af- the run, goisg straight as a die, without aaypause or hesitation; naUXhow, riding a bertoutborse, abe had gamely struggled to the th~ter end :. and lastly, whs athe crowning diasater arrived,. aBa hadl shlowr, conspicuous courage, and neve, lost her preseas of mind aeo self-antrol fo.-a minute. Sh. had roused his admniration, an much as seh commanded his resisct. IH-awas still sitting thare poring over th botograph in an abstra?chd manner when Doa aker u..p seared. "?V~W?l r he said, rubbing his chub, pink hands together with an anaible chusla, "I bring good news. The yosg.nlady ftesu al is ,iotsoseriously hurt as waisgagin, asnd there "roao bones broken. Her riba havasbesnbadly crashed, which accouats for the pain in breathing. A week's -eat will, I hope, worc wuonders. I have recommended her to keep in t bed for the next twaonty- four hors, but if all Sgoes well, I know so resgan why a fortnight Sshould not see heo in thp Ltddle agaroin,. Sh " j appears to have an ecelle?o t constitution and p) penty of pluck, two very desirable but oftc- mi mssing qsmldticein a patient." '5Oh yee;.abe hma plenty of pluck; I can answer for that. -Most women in her place woulg have made a terrible to-do, but she never uttered a singtecomplaint." That night Alck Clinser'e slaumbers were very uneasy, frequently disturbed by crushing sounds and thevision of straggling horses and sweet girl faces. The latter haunted him until the small hours of the morning, when at length he gained' epose. Miss Pal'lser heard of Kate's accident, as a matter of course, ard'when she heard of it she remarked 1wlth gleeo to. overy member of the hunting field "Ah, poov thing! JXst what one would exp ct. No jsdgment'anud no notion of riding. But there, very likely Iftwill do her good, and by the time she has been- brought back in a cart once or twice more, perhaps she may begin to settle down and go like a, Christian," which speec:-being interoreted meant that Kate had again chown Miss Palliser thurway, and aroused in her a fierce and bitter jealousy not lightly to be oaenched. New ladies- invariably pro voked Lhostile feelings, but a. young and good Iboking one who dared to cut, Miss Palliser out was especially to be condemned: Insignificant ones might be tolerated, but'not those who aspired t3'distinguish themselvesin that hunt ing field of which Miss Palliser considered her. self the q-een. . , (TO.nm CONTncUe'Dn.' 