WILD ROSE Her Life and Adventures. BY VERAX (Banker and Broker," &c.;) SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR THE 'REFEREE' (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED) CHAPTER XXVII— WAS IT MURDER THE average domestic servant is generally a sound sleeper. It would take a dynamite explosion to awaken some of them, and the servant at The Elma was never known to be troubled with wakeful- ness, or to be a light sleeper. Still, the cries of Cecil Denman had roused her, but not until he made the fatal attack on Minnie Rivers. The frightened girl at first hid her head under the bedclothes, and shivered in her terror. Then she heard the door bang, and there was a horrible stillness in the house. She dare not move until daylight broke, and then, as the pale streaks of early dawn crept into the room, she slipped more half dead than alive from her bed and huddled on her clothes. At the top of the stairs she listened, but could hear no sound. She knocked at the door of her mistress' room, and no answer being given, she looked in. The bed was empty, but the room and its contents soon convinced her that Minnie Rivers had at all events not dressed herself. What could hare happened ? Down stairs she crept, trembling in every limb. She could see nothing out of place, and could hear nothing. Burglars had not been in the house, that was evident. She felt somewhat reassured at this, and went on tip toes along the passage. Suddenly she stopped, and her face turned white, and sho gasped for breath. She was looking into the room where the fearful scenes of the night bad been enacted. The sight she saw was enough to make her tremble. On the floor lay Minnie Rivers, a still, white figure on its back. Her face had on it a fixed look of horror, and her hands wore clenched tight But the sight that struck terror into the girl was the knife plunged up to tho hilt in her mistress' bosom. Blood was slowly oozing from the spot, and gently trickling down over her embroidered nightgown to the floor. The girl dare not enter the room. She knew something dreadful had happened, but hardly realised the mischief that had been done. She opened the front door and looked out into the street. A policeman stood yawning at the next corner in anticipation of going off his beat, and she beckoned him. It is always considered undignified in a member of the force to be in a hurry, con- sequently the constable in question sauntered leisurely down the street. When he reached the gate the girl's face showed him something serious must have happened. "What's the matter? " he said, " Burglars ?" " Worse," said the girl, in a low voice. " Worse," he said, quickly, as he opened the gate. ' Quick ; tell me what it is.' ' Murder,' gasped the girl. He could see by her face she was speak- ing the truth. ' Who has been murdered ?' he asked. ' My mistress. Oh, Lord, what a sight it is. She is lying in that room,' and she pointed to the door. The constable walked in, and, used as he was to see all kinds of sights, he gave an exclamation of horrified surprise as he saw the pale figure in white laying so still on the floor. He knelt down and put his hand on her breast. No, her heart did not beat. He felt her pulse, and it was still. She was dead. Murdered, no doubt, and by whom ? 'Run to tho police station while I re main here, said. 'Take a cab when you come across one, and be quick, and ask for Sergeant Norris.' The girl did as she was bid, and in a short time the sergeant and another con- stable appeared. 'This is a very bad business,' said Sergeant Norris, who knew all about Cecil Denman and his ways. ' A very bad business. Where is he — your master, I . mean.' ' I don't know, sir. He was here last night,' said the girl. The house was searched, but no trace of Denman could be seen. ' He must have slept here last night,' said the sergeant. ' See, in this eas chair. He dropped his pipe out of hi, hand while asleep. What brought her here, I wonder. Lift her up gently, boys' and carry her to her own room. Poor thing. What a pretty woman. To think old Maurice Rivers' daughter should come to this end.' The constables raised the body, and carried it tenderly upstairs. News of this nature quickly spreads. The girl had told the servant next door, and she had imparted it to the milkman, who had duly carried it round and doled it out with the milk. Of course the reporters got on the scent and an account of the affair appeared in the evening papers. ' Terrible tragedy. A lady murdered. Stabbed to the heart. The murderer es- scapee. No trace of him,' read Ben Bolt. 'Wonder what it's all about' he said. Than as he read on his face denoted sur prise and horror. He read to the end and then sprang to his feet. ' This is a terrible affair,' he said.' I'll call round for Danton and see what he says.' He did so, and they went to Hiram Roper's. ' We must let Wild Rose know at once,' said Hiram. 'She will be terribly shocked.' 'You go and see her,' said Tom, 'and Bolt and I will go down to the house.' 'All right,' said Hiram, who did not half like his mission. He took the first turn to Eagle Farm, and luckily found Wild Rose at home, and Harry Dale with her. ' What brings you here, Hiram ?' she asked : ' we don't often see you at the Farm. Anything of importance ? ' ' Yes ' he said ; ' most important, and also sad business.' ' What is the matter ? What has hap- penoe ? ' said Wild Rose. ' Cecil Denman has— — has— — ' stam- mered Hiram, ' Go on, go on,' said Wild Rose. 'What villainy has ho been at now ? ' ' He has assaulted Minnle Rivers,' said Hiram. ' The brute,' said Wild Rose, ' to strike a woman.' 'He wants flogging,' said Harry, indi- nantly. ' He will get something worse than flogging if they lay hands on him,' said Hiram. ' Hiram, yon are not telling me all. Speak out. What has happened ?' said Wild Rose, ' Minnie Rivers has been wounded,' said Hiram. ' Is she dangerously wounded ? Oh, I must go to her,' said Wild Rose, all her enmity against the woman vanishing at the thought that she might be in danger. ' Very dangerously wounded,' said. Hiram. ' I don't think she will ever re- cover'.' 'Is she — is she ? Not dead, Hiram ? ' said Wild Rose. Hiram nodded. 'He has not murdered her ? said Harry, in an awe-struck voice. ' She has been murdered,' said Hiram, 'and suspicion points to Cecil Denman, who is nowhere to be found.' ' Oh, this is horrible,' said Wild Rose. ' Poor Minnie. How she has been punished.' Then Hiram produced the paper, and read the account of the murder, which was a very fair resume of what had occurred, embellished with sundry surmise on the part of the writer. Harry Dale at once said he would return to town with Hiram, and Wild Rose wished to accompany them. ' You had far better remain 'here, Rose' he said. ' You can do no good. Wait until the inquiry is over. Toil can see her then.' Wild Rose reluctantly consented. 'Spare no exponse, Hiram,' she said, savagely, 'to trace Cecil Denman. He is doubly a murderer now, for I am certain he killed Maurice Rivers.' Next morning an inquiry was held before the coroner into the affair, and the murder had created a profound sensation in the city, as Cecil Denman and Minnie Rivers were well known. Some curious facts came out in tho evi- dence given. The man who had seen the flying figure running up the cliff at Watson's Bay came forward, and one or two more who had seen the madman tearing along the road. From the description they gave of the man there could be very littlo doubt it was Cecil Den man. Then a cabman who had taken a fare to Double Bay produced a pocket book he had found on the road, and papers in it clearly proved it belonged to Cecil Denman. ' I saw a man rashing up the cliffs,' said the witness alluded to, 'and I was frightened at his looks. I feel sure he was mad. He had no hat on, and his clothes were all splashed and torn, and he ran like a man pusued by some horrid phantom. Right up the cliff he went, and I knew he would run over the rocks. I watched him., For one moment he hesi- tated as he stood on the brink of the Gap. Then he gave a fearful look behind, and sprang forward and disappeared. I ran up the cliff and looked over and saw a shape- less mass on the rocks below. The tide was high, and he must hare been quickly washed away. The servant girl said her master came home on the night of the murder, but she did not hear him go to bed. She heard no quarrelling ; in fact, her master and mistress appeared to be on unusually good terms that night. She described how she found the body in tha morning, and the fright it. gave her. All the evidence tended to show that Minnie Rivers had been stabbed, and by Cecil Denman. What reason he had for committing the. deed did not seem clear. It was a mystery, and ,one difficult to solve. Denman's strange behaviour seemed more the act of a madman than of a sane being. Then why had Minnie Rivers come into the room in suoh a condition? Something must have attracted her, or she would mev/er have beon found there in her night dress. Bolt's surmise that she must have heard a noise and come down to see if Cecil Den- man was all right was generally supposed to be correct. But the terrible scene enacted in the room on the night of the deed was never made public in all its horrible details, be- cause both Cecil Denman and Minnie Rivers were dead. The murder caused a nine days' wonder, and then interest in it gradually died away. Not so with Ben Bolt and Wild Rose. The detective had given her his opinion, which as it happened, was not very wide of tha mark. . 'You think he killed . Maurice Rivers,' said Bolt. ' So do I. He may have been troubled in his conscience that night, and he evidently fell asleep in the easy chair. Perhaps he had a dream In which he saw Maurice Rivers once more, and, if so, when he woke, he would probably cry out. This would bring Minnie Rivers down stairs to see what had happened, and perhaps in his heated imagination be would fancy she was a ghost, and seizing the first weapon handy, made a stab at the white figure be- fore him. 'Then he might probably see what he had done, and the suddenness of the awful deed would be enough to turn a stronger man's brain than Ceoil Denman's. 'Was Minnie Rivers like her father ?' asked Bolt. ' Yes. Very like her,' said Wild Rose. ' 'Then her face would remind him of the dead man,' said Bolt 'and her white dress would lend weight to the ghost theory.' 'Depend upon it,' said Bolt, 'Cecil Denman, bad as he may have been, would never have stabbed Minnie Rivers in cold blood, had he known her at the time. Now, under all the circumstances, it can hardly be called murder ; at all events not premeditated murder.' 'I am glad you think so,' said Wild Rose. ' Poor Minnie. It is very sad.' 'There is something elso that would sadden your life if you knew it,' thought Bolt. ' We must never let you know who your father was.' Minnie Rivers was buried in Waverley' Cemetery, and Wild Rose, as she saw the coffin lowered into the grave, cried bitterly. In that moment she forgave Minnie Rivers ail, and sorrowed that while alive she had not done more to help her. . . The erring woman had gone to her ac- count, and it was not for man to judge her. Cecil Denman had come to a violent end, and had paid the penalty of his mis- deeds. Wickedness and crime must sooner or later meet with a just punishment. Justice may tarry long, but in the end the fate of such men and women as Cecil Denman and Minnie Rivers will be swift and sure ?ii«i!ii-..».i. l':ir, The man who has no belief in a Supreme Being will find a rude awakening when face to face with inevi- table death. He will see as his eyes grow dim the shadow of a world to come, a world which he is about to enter, and in which be may play another part. Then he will realise a hand more powerful than that of man has controlled his destiny. Who knows what Cecil Denman saw in that brief moment of time, when he fell head- long from the cliff, and was dashed on to the rocks below? To watch the face of the dying, as the life gradually goes out, flicker by flicker, is a revelation that there is something after death. Such a man as Cecil Denman maybe given another chance to repent in a world we know not of. He may have to work out another life, and by that working be judged. It is hard to believe that any human being ever quitted this life with a certainty, at the last moment, that it was the be-all, aud the end-all' of the existence. Savages believe in a future state. Are we worse than savages ? The fear of death is inherent in every living creature. This very fear of death is a proof of a future, and a dread of it. Let men like Cecil Denman rail, and scoff, and curse, and say 'there is no God' but when their last hour comes they learn the eternal truth, and then, and some times not until then, they are afraid to die. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 