A NEW NOVEL. SAV2D GKBISTIE MURRAY Atjthob of "Joaeph's Coat," "Aunt Rachel," uRainbow Gold," &c.; SRECIALLY WRITTEN FOR A VSTRATI AN RATERS. [ill aOEESSLAND MOOTS EESEHYED.j Chatter XXYI. -~f-Con limit d. J tlf his encounter 'with Dom, or during the latter half of it at least, Hetlieridge had conducted himself with a surpassing cool ness, hut when once the necessity lor the continued strain was over, he began to know hew much in nervous force his iefensive instinct had cost liim. He had jtood and watched Dom from the room end had waved his hand after him with a gesture of insolent triumph and disdain, hut before the retreating enemy's foot steps had traversed half the stairway, he fell back in a state of extreme collapse into the chair he had just quitted. His head spun like a teetotum, and there was > sound in his ears like that made by the lush of a train through a tunnel. The beating of his heart and the free play of his lungs ssemed restricted by an iron pressure. Little by little these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after a pause of perhaps 10 minutes he crawled giddily to the bell pull, rang the. bell, and stumbled back again. The waiter appearing, ho demanded another glass of brandy, and after drink ing it, felt somewhat better, though still alarmingly ireakand&haken;, and as dizzy as a man standing on the edge of a preci picc. He was ashamed to ask for a further stimulant, and so feebly fumbling for bis purse, paid bis score and crept away to dive into the first house of public resort he came to, and to take a third glass of brandy and water there. His ahadovry enemy was at his shoulder (gain, and in n form far more real than he »ver as umed before. He saw him in his habit as he lived at the time when he had first really begun to hate him. The figure was always behind him, and yet was pre sent to his mental gaze clear to the least detail. He saw the candid brown eyes, Hie plain manly features, the fresh colour, the little bit of side whisker on the cheek, the homespun dress. He saw the Tery pattern of the gaiters, the stain of country aoil upon the boots. He did not recall any special moment at which he had Eeen his victim precisely thus, and yet he knew that at Bome special moment his mind had seized the image and now re produced it with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he would have seen the furtive fearful glance across the shoulder, which had • become habitual with him, repeated half a dozen times a minute. "With the fourth glass of brandy he screwed his couragt to the sticking point, and ventured anew into the streets. They were almost deserted at that hour, and ho walked swiftly hut shakily to liroad street atation, and there paced the platform whilst he waited a train for Kiehmond due in some 10 minutes. The silent in vincible avenger haunted him, though it never moved a foot or made the faintest change in posture or expression. It was ao real to liim that whenever, in liis pacing to and fro, lie turned sharply round upon his own track a foolish relief and amazement possessed bis mind wlien bo failed to seo it. He walked briskly, ho lagged, zigzagged purposely here and there, paused altogether. The immovable, unescapable, dreadful tiling was always at bis shoulder, ready to lay a band upon him. This living nightmare had been his companion more or less for years, but had Hover been so near, so real, or so threaten ing as now. It would have been a blessed rolief to scream aloud, beneath the intolerable anguish of its presence, but that way madness lay, and thero was no guessing into what madness of self denunciation he might be hurried if once he allowed the presence to break down his nerve. He mutt endure tlie unen durable—must carry the torment of the damned about with him and make no sign. When the train backed into the railway station he took his place in a lonely carriage, and by mere physical instinct screwed himself tight into a corner seat; but the physical obstacle ho interposed made no difference to the posi tion of the unrelenting phantom. Apart from the awful clearness of his apprehension of its presence it carried a terror with it he lad never known before. All these years he had seemed to he free even of suspicion, and at last one man had formulated against him a charge. which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed was clone. Ho had foiled his accuser for the time, but that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of chanos might carry new evidence to the man who knew so much and guessed so much already. lie drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke sick with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, implacably serene and cheerful, the George Kedwood of a quarter of a century ago. lie felt that business iras impossible for the day, and he sent a telegram to that effect to town. 'If necessary to consult me, come down. To# ill to leave house. lltfuse all inquirers address.' An hour or two later his confidential man appeared with a' bundle of important papera and left them for his employer's consideration. ' Come down again, Jessamer,' he saiil. ' Come in the afternoon, or better still, ccme in the evening. There are a score of things about which I may give you instructions. I'm not altogether well, and I may be'forced to take a holiday.' The mockery of the phrase hit him hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into his tone. There was small hope of a holiday for him while that placid bug bear stood changeless at his shoulder. 1 Bring your handbag with you, and stay the night. I may detain you late.' This invitation was equal to a com mand, and Jessaincr accepted it, bowing low. Hetheridge was his man of men; a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in financial circles, Jeasamer took higher rank among his compeers. He had never had such an honour placed upon him as Hetheridge now offered. To be invited as a guest at Hetheridge'e house, if only for a night, was in itself a high distinction. If he had knowni.the compelling dread of lone liness which dictated, the invitaticn, he might, perhaps, have felt less flattered by it. ' Can youbehereto dinner?' Hetheridge asked. ' At what hour, sir ?' 'Say 7 o'clock.' ' I fear sir.' returned ITr. Jessamer with a smooth obsequiousness, ' that that will be impossible. The American mai' leaves to-niglit. I shall be scarcely able to quit the office before 7.' ' Ah, yes,' said Hetheridge ; ' of course, of course, I had forgotten. Get down us soon as you can. I can give you a bottle of good wine, Jessamer,' be added with a clumsy pretence at geniality, which flattered the confidential man anew. 1We will talk things over. It is not impro bable that I may leave affairs in your care for a little while. I have not had even a pretence of rest for years.' 'You will forgivo my presuming to notice it, sir,' said .Tcssamer, 'but I have thought you worked too hard. The opinion is not mine alone, sir, it's quite general, I assure yon.' ' I dare say, Jessamer, I dare say,' his employer answered with the same clumsy show of geniality as before. ' "We'll see about thingf to-night.' W>. Jcsaamer, accepting this as his dis missal, vent his way with unlifted heart, feeling himself indeed to he the chosen of Pharaoh. Hetheridge stayed behind to endure his own torments a3 he might. He dived deep into the papers which had been laid before bim, and for the first time in his life felt business wholly with out value as an antidote to thought. The sultry heat of the day oppressed him though he sat with open windows, and even in the lawn which sloped from his j walls to the waters of slow gliding Thames, the air seemed confined and close. The clouds had built up everywhere an under root of doleful gray. There were occasional uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and again a flash of harmless summer lightning pulsated swiftly across the clouded landscape. AVhether he strove in vain to grasp the meaning of the business papers, or read the money column of the Times, or j wandered idly on the lawn, or sat at meals, it was all one. The changeless, placid phantom clung close to hiB shoulder, and every passing hour seemed to make its presence more and more intolerable. He drank heavily at dinner, trusting to obscure his thoughts. ' I mast keep sober till I have once seen Jessamer,' he thought, ' and then I must drown everything.' The night was prematurely dark, and swift gusts of wind were rising. They lashed the trees which stood upon the lawn into moans of torment, which were succeeded by long pauses of brooding silence, and they laid unseen hands on door and casement, and mourned about j the house as if resentful of extrusion. 'If anybody should call,' he said, as he rose from the dinner table, ' I shall be in my own room. Put out the brandy and soda there, light the lamp, and leave out some cigars.' The man obeyed him and left him alone. A great blast surged up against the house and set his torn nerves quiver ing with a superstitious terror at its voices. He walked .to his own room through the shadows of the hall, and as he did so, for the first time, his phantom seemed to undergo a change. Eye and hand both menace! him, and in a sudden access of terror lie fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. At that instant the hell rang, and he hearcd voices in the hall. ' Here at last,' he thought,1 thank God, is Jessamer.' Another gust of wind, fiercer than any of its precursors, burst open the French windows, and the light in the lamp flickered and went out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and sky for a single instant, and then the jaws of darkness did devour it up. A tremendous crash of thunder followed, and a deluge of sudden rain came swish ing into the room. He struggled with the windows in the darkness, forced them back and Eeeured them. He groped his way to the table and felt for a box of wax vestas which he remembered to have seen there. Having found it he struck a light and removed the shade and theheated lamp glass, eaving his fingers from con tact with it by usiug his handkerchief, relit the lamp, replaced the glass aad shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mere instant he bad forgotten hig phantom terror, but when he raised his head he saw it standing there in flesh and blood before him, feature for feature, hue for hue, from head to foot the same. He stared with haggard eyes, and the appari-: tion came forward. Its lips moved and it spoke. ' My name is George lledwood.' One unimaginable shock of horror struck him, and he fell upon his face. 