WOOING AN AMAZON. BY FRKDKKICK BOYLK, .Authorof "Treasureof Thorburns,""AGood Hater," " On the Border Lund," &c.;, &e.; CHAPTER III. II Professor Macfarlane looked for warm expressions of gratitude on returning to the study —as, in truth, was his lit—he ionnd disappointment. The bewilderment and agitation of the scene, whioh she very vaguely understood, had proved too much for Laura s chattered nerves. Begging Jenny to thank ihe Professor, she hurried out. Sir William also waB discomposed, evidently impatient to be rid of his visitors. It is a terrible thing for a man of that character to see the hopes and projects of a lifetime finally destroyed. Though he had not hesitated one moment in surrendering them when Laura confessed her troubles —Mr. Hughes urging both, with stupid, kiBOly vehemence—the enthusiast felt he had nothing more to live for. And he oould not foroe himself to be thankful towards the man who had wrought this disaster. Jenny was grateful indeed, and she said so very prettily. But a woman's sense of obligation is always qualified—at least the expression of it must be constrained—when she knows what payment her benefactor hopes. Moreover, Jenny was anxious to follow Laura. She felt, as she said herself, something of a lover's interest in this sweet girl whose power of brain was equal probably to that of the greatest men living—whose body was more feeble than a child's. Thus it happened that in ten minutes the three gentlemen were walking back, Mr. Hughes having carried off their pnaeton. Two at least felt that the triumph had "fizzled" somehow. Sweyn had been cherishing the assurance that all would go well forthwith if ' Laura were relieved of her anxieties—relieved she was, but the prospect looked worse than • ever. Maofarlane had net such grave trouble. But Jenny's air was by no means what he would have liked; and she did not propose returning home that day. So they spent the evening alone and the Professor talked — not better than usual, probably, but in a way to astonish and delight General Braoebridge. This was the son-inlaw he would have chosen had it been left to fcim 1 They spoke freely after dinner, and let Macfarlane understand that Jouny would be bard to win. *' I recognised that," he said, smiling, "on the first glance—at least, I recognised the character, though I could not suppose it would bave such special interest for me. Miss Bracebridge, to be quite frank, belongs to the race class of women who revolt against direction of any kind, much more against a proposal to surrender their independence. If they be . allowed time to refiecfc their instinct will always incline them them to say' no,' though feeling may silence it if strong enough. Such &Vefjx;>wering X ianiiot expect to rouse >n your daughter. General. My hope was to fun her friendship, liking, and I venture to trust, respect. Then, favoured by circumetanoes—not quite accidental, perhaps," he laughed—"I should have taken her by surprise, and secured my answer before she had time to ; think. Unfortunately, Miss Bracebridge has been warned." . •'You deserve to win her," cried the General, admiringly. "Why, Sweyn, this learned man understands Jenny's disposition better after a few hours' study than I who bave known her all my life! I will flatter your judgment by a violation of confidenoe, Mr. Macfarlane. When I, unluckily, read your note aloud—in my bewilderment, you know, for I had heard nothing of the facts— . my son and £ both agreed that Jenny was not indisposed towards you, •so far as it went—so far as it went 1 But then, she shut hereelf up all day whilst I was paying you a visit, and on my return—I am sorry to say so, bat such a strategist ought to be informed—she desired me to- write at once and tell you it was out of the question. Result of reflection, as you Bay." " Ha! Very unfortunate—but my fault. I took it for granted you knew the story. Well —I never saw the woman before in all my life -whom I felt any wish to marry! At my years. General, a man must put his wits into his courtship, seeing he has not the sympathy of youth to help him." "You do yourself injustice," the General began—and so he did. A man is as old as he feels, or as young, and Professor Maofarlane at forty-three was more vivacious of mind and body than nine in ten of the undergraduates -who followed his lectures. But we need not pursue their oourteous discussion. He did not return for some weeks, partly because the examination occupied his time. Sweyn had taken up bis residence in London, die General's solicitors giving him a stool in their office, there to learn the practice of law . before studying the theory in chambers. He worked hard to distract his thoughts, and rarely went home—never, as time went on, to Chesham. For Jenny was obliged to tell him that his visite had a bad effect. It was not that Laura disliked them—quite the contrary. The poor girl hardly concealed her love, though Sweyn ha d not ventured to speak openly again. But she was ill, not only with dimrders such . M treatment can cure—perhaps — but more ...especially with nervous troubles beyond the ferasp of'science. The state of things seemed hopeless for both .lovers, bub for Macfarlane in particular, because he had not yet begun bis wooing wien these obstacles interposed. Assistance came from a"'very unexpected quarter. After that disastrous effort to assert himself Mr. Hughes could no longer resist the pressure from all .quarters, fie resigned his office, and then, having no family, drifted, as it were, to the bouse of his old schoolfellow and life- long friend. Sir William was glad to receive him for an indefinite stay. It might have been expected that Mr. Hughes would cherish ill-will towards the man •who had npset his scheme of life though innocently. But such was not his feeling. He conceived a-great admiration for Professor Macfarlane, whioh Laura shared. So, briefly, it came about that one morning, when the examination had long been over, and the Senior Examiner was at his wits' end to devise a means for renewing intercourse with Jenny, be received an invitation to spend a few days . at Chesham. The visit proved a great suooess, even in the uarter where he was most anxious to succeed, Senny had been so very dull that she oould scarcely resist the longing to desert her post. Laura did not improve—or very, very slowly. Long since the time proposed for this visit to England had reached an end. She had actually no one to ride with even, if the General was engaged, or the weather threatened his rheumatics. To her great surprise she discovered tlint a learned Professor may be a fair horseman—or indeed something more than fair. Not only did Macfarlane ride with her; be even persuaded Laura to mount a very quiet wony sometimes, to the great advantage of her health. For this achievement Jenny was particularly grateful, ft favoured plans . she bad long entertained, with very little hope of carrying them through. A lees clear-sighted lover might have fancied he was making rapid progress, but Macfarlane would not allow himself to be deceived. The young lady liked him at first; she liked him better now ; but she never thought of marriage, and a proposal would be flatly, finally negatived. Sir William Patten found this visitor so much to his taste that be beeged him to come down from Saturday to Monday for the rest of bis existence '. And Macfarlane did so frequently during the summer term. Thus Mr. Hughes had an opportunity to observe the relations of those two, and—being sharp enough on such ground—he soon understood them. One day, sitting alone with Jenny, after the Professor had just left, be said, abruptly— "If I had a daughter. Miss Bracebridge, I should feel it a great relief to entrust her to that young man." " If you were a father, Mr. Hughes, I hope you would be a more loving parent." "You mean more selfish. The most loving thing a parent can do towards his daughter is to put h6r in the way of a good husband. That's a very old- fashioned idea, but it's not in this house that any reasoning creature would uphold the new fashion. A happy mess our friend Fatten has made with it'. WelL noiv, Miss Braoebridge, being a childless widower, I regard all good girls as my daughters, and you—permit me to say no—in particular. Our acquaintance began under most unfavourable circumstances. I" Jenny interrupted smilingly. That subject bad never been mentioned before nor hinted at by Mr. Hughes since the day of his discomfiture. " I have forgotten all the unfavourable circumstances long ago. There is no danger that you will make a new set at this stage of our acquaintance, 1 hope?"' "No, my dear, lwcause you will not take offence at an old man who has no purpose in (•peaking beyond an anxious wish to "secure J-onr happiness. Come, now, Jenny, yon believe that? I have a very deep regard and respect for you. I have a great regard ar.il retpoot also for Professor Macfarlane. H«? has said not one word of his feeling for yon, but it is manifest. Please doti't go !'' He roso at the same tune. " If you tell me you are determined never to marry I say no mire, lvcauee vmi have not arrived at that conclusion -vithont thouglit, I am sur", and I could not hope" Jenny heard no further. The General's un forgotten speech recurrcd to her mind, expres sing the same notion, as she fannied, with tho creator freedom of a parent. "If Jenny, being the sensible girl she is, is resolved not to marry, doubtless she has a good reason !'' Indignation made her overlook the thousand subterfuges by which a woman can escape, if the choose, even t9 answer such ijuestiooing. Flushing hotly, Jenny gave a reasoned explanation, though in brief, passionate form. •• How oould I live at Oxford among learned men and silly women, with whom I have not one thought to exchange?" "Oh, just let me tell Macfarlane that, my dear ! I am certain he" But Jenny was gone, raging at herself. Hughes considered awhile, withdrew to his own room, wrotealetter, and posted it himself; a wary and prudent course, for had Jenny seen the address in that handwriting assuredly it would never have reached Camford, and events would have turned out otherwise. Macfarlane read the letter with amazement. "To think,"he muttered, "that I have overlooked a consideration so obvious, which a dear old imbecile like this can perceive!"—for Mr. Hughes had loyally omitted all reference to Jenny, putting the explanation forward as an idea of his own. The Professor did not do himself justice. He had not exactly overlooked the weariness and antipathy of all sorts whioh a girl like this would suffer in a life among dons and their womankind. He had never thought of Jenny leading such an existence. It would be her right to choose their future course. Seeing she did not understand this—and no wonder!—Macfarlane set himself to meditate, as his judicious practice was; but with no particular result. It is much, however, to be aware of an objection or a difficulty in one's path. About this time Sweyn paid him a visit of several days and they had long talks. The young fellow pined in this summer weather for his native veldt, as he called it—and gave descriptions of life in Soath Africa of which Macfarlane never seemed to tire. The faot is that he was looking for hints to be embodied— after verification—in an audacious little work, already begun, which should upset the current theory upon the stages of civilization. I need not say more about a book which has not yet appeared, nor ever will, propably. Those acquainted with the subject will understand. But Sweyn supposed it was an undeveloped passion for veldt life which caused his host to listen so patiently. " Why," he said one day as they reclined in a punt on Clenill, " you ought to come over to us. Professors are in demand at Cape Town. Or, by Jove!—Beauvil, a real old Boer, who has the next farm to ours, wants to sell it. I say, that might be a good speculation for you in another point of view. The homestead is not two miles from ours. Macfarlane repressed an exclamation. " The Cape Town Professorship would be more in my line, thank you, "he laughed. "But I should like to see Mr. Beauvil, if he is a real oldfashioned Boer." j "I warrant genuine. But it was Ben- SfcuS, of Coleman-street, who wrote to Jenny about itlast week. I wanted to buy at the price, if only as a speculation, for it's awfully cheap. We know every acre of the land, but Jenny won't hear of it. The pluckiest of women are timid When it comes to speculating, aren't they ?"' "That's one of their merits. Shall we get back to lunch?" The subject dropped. But two hours after Macfarlane's solicitor received a telegram, and before Messrs. Benzada closed their office in Coleman-street that gentleman called with a view to purchase the Beauvil farm. A few days later it was his, but immediately transferred to Eugene Macfarlane. Thus only these two knew the secret. Macfarlane had no distinct plan of operation, though the "general idea" as strategists say, was obvious. Jenny could not profess to fear incompatibility of associations when he was her neighbour on the veldt. At his next visit to Chesham, however, he found a certain excitement reigning. Quiet, rest, above all exercise had begun to tell on Laura. She herself was conscious of a change, and others perceived it in her manner, though as yet there were few outward signs. Upon this assurance Jenny brought forward a scheme long and impatiently kept back. She proposed to take Laura to South Africa, there to remain until her health was quite restored. Characteristically, however, in all her meditations she had never thought of les convcnanccs. Sir William quite approved in the abstract, but. of course, he pronounced it flatly impossible for two unmarried girls to go out alone, and dwell alone in the wilderness. Even Sweyn wonld not be there, though that was a questionable disadvantage. Sir William reviewed the elderly ladies among hit kinsfolk who might be persuaded to act as chaperon. But Jenny rejected them all with horror. Macfarlane found them at this deadlock, and released them in three minutes. Why should not Sir William go, and Mr. Hughes also, if he fancied the journey? He did, and so, in due time, did Sir William. Jenny made no opposition. She warned them it would .be hot, ana that luxuries must not be expected; but the objection was so faint that nobody heeded. There was much delay, however. When such travellers start for a long voyage many things have to be settled at home, many things to be purchased, and many arrangements made. To find servants alone is a task of the utmost gravity. But Jenny had everything in charge, and she worked wonders. Macfarlane perceived that he had no time to lose. With expressions of deep regret and disappointment, he announced that it would not be possible for him to see them off. An old-standing engagement to spend the long vacation with a mend abroad—so he put it vaguely—compelled him to say good-by. Mr. Hughes was puzzled; so was Laura; so was Jenny perhaps, though she would not have admitted it. -But next day he left, with an air of light indifference more puzzling still, even a little disconoertdng to the young lady. A week afterwards, Macfarlane sailed for the Cape, followed two months later by the party. Sweyn was left behind, but he had some consolation. Laura received him now, and long since, without the formality of a second proposal, he was accepted—with Sir William s consent. Upon the young lady's return, robust as a milkmaid, and lovely as Diane chasseresse, lie hoped they were to be married. Those two months weredelightfully busy with Macfarlane, who wished to have his farm in working order, or neat at least, before Jenny saw it again. It cost money. He took over two English shepherds—Sootch are too dogmatic to get on fast under new conditions—and he engaged a Managerof experience in CapeTown. Kaffirs and Hottentots remained upon the land. Stock also he bought in sufficient numbers to make a beginning, and he furnished the homestead comfortably. It may be believed that time passed quickly. His agent at Cape Town forwarded the telegraphic list of passengers by every mail. Before the names expected were found therein, Beanvil's farm had quite an old established sort of air. Laura picked up strength and, above all, spirits, hour by hour on the voyage. The old gentlemen also found themselves benefited. The sea was smooth, the servants attentive, Sir William had his private library and an ecclesiastical dignitary of learning sufficient to discourse with. They felt the h-;at a good deal, but that must be expected, running down the West Coast, of Africa. One day Sir William observed casually that he would find the cool, breezy climate of the Cape peculiarly delightful after this experience ! Jenny felt a foreboding thrill. Indifferent herself to heat as to cold—by comparison, that is—she had scarcely thought how these sedentary old men would suffer in the blaze of a South African autumn. They kept up their spirits, hon-r.ver, eveu at Cape Town—all would be well on the veldt up country. The ecclesiastical dignity and his lady pressed them to stay, but in vain. Laura regained strength by leaps and bounds. She loved the heat. Sir William beard her singing, positively, sometimes. The weary movements, the lines upon her forehead, the stooping walk —all had gone. For the first time now he understood by this contrast what his child mu have suffered under a training she had not strength to bear. And his gratitute to Jenny was proportionate. That feeling enabled him to endure without reproach the very serious discomforts to which he was subject. Mr, Hughes also perspired in silence. They left Cape Town by railway at night, but the air was as snltiy as noontide, and fall of dust. Reaching Camford before dawn, the hapless veterans got a few hours' sleep at the hotel!; but the sun fairly burnt them out of their beds by S o'clock, and then the flies devoured them. At this point a drag sent on from Cape Town was waiting, "darts" for the servants, and a wagon for the impedimenta. Gloomily, after breakfast, Sir William took his seat. He said nothing yet, but all perceived that the expedition was a sad mistake. Till noon they rolled over the eternal veldt in breakneck fashion, travelling in a shroud of dust, dissolved in perspiration, a prey to flies, tossed up and down, or sloping at an angle that threatened upset, holding on to the stanchions of the awning for life. The road was a track of wheels. In vain did Jenny urge the stalwart "leader" to moderate his pact. Bent like a bow, he held the four galloping horses firmly in hand, whilst his comrade, the "driver," cracked a twentyfeet whip, and yelled Dutch ourses. Mr. Hughes was in a pitiable state of fear and misery. Sir William set his teeth, and spoke not a word. Jenny might have cned with vexation bad she not been furious. It was all her fault'. Once more she had forgotten to make allowance for the infirmities of others. At noon they reached an "Accommodation House"—the significant Cape name for an amateur inn—standing iu a pretty old Dutch village. "We will stay here to-night,"' said .Tonny, after apologizing for her thoughtlessness, " whilst I send for my own people." "Howmuch further have we to go*''" asked Sir William. "Till to-morrow evening, I fear. : ' "Then we will bear the ills we have,' ; ho answered, firmly. Widow Groethede had never "accommodated" a more miserable party. And it wa? but the beginning ! Before they started, Jenny went round to int<?rvi§yv the blacks. They could not go slow, of course, especially with fresh horses, but they need not gallop. As she left the stable, a " cart" drove up, a dandy cart new painted with snowy awning, and a handsome pair—a white servant beBide the man driving too! Why, her br tin must be affected, or ghosts do walk—ghosts even drive! Jenny stood with her mouth open, sjieechless in amaze. " Good day, Miss Bracebridge 1 I heard you were coming, and I drove over to welcome you." "Is it Professor Macfarlane—in flesh and blood?" she gasped. " It is indeed !" He jumped down. " But regard me as a Boer henceforward. I am the owner oi Beauvil's farm, and the supremacy of your fleeces is going to be challenged at last, I warn you. Sir William is here, and Miss Patten V Jenny paid no more attention to the marvel of this encounter. "Yes.'' the cried, dolefully, "and I have made such an awful mistake—such a series of idiotic o\ rsights. I forgot that Sir William could not :und the heat of this season. I forgot how bad our roads are and how those Mozambiquers drive. The poor old gentlemen are half dead already. I seriously believe they will turn back before evening and take the next mail to j.'rgland—Laura and all." "That's a b...! report," said Macfarlane, inwardly chanting : ..--ans of triumph. " Let me see what I can dv "' "What a fool 1 : ;n, after all," Jenny exclaimed, with passiou. -- they walked. "And, somehow, you always cu. a up to convict me of it." " That's unkind," he lauglii-:'.. "rVnld yon not put it rather that good fortune UI J LO your side when you are in trouble?" "Oh, you can't help me here," Jenny answered, too disconsolate to pursue the subject. The next scene may be passed over—all astonishment and explanation. Then the drag came round, and dismal forebodings silenced the passengers. "Allow me to suggest something," said Macfarlane. "Suppose you proceed in my cart ? Miss Bracebridge will drive." A blessed idea.' They already knew that a Cape cart is by no means like our English one, and when the professor's was brought up Mr. Hughes declared it quite an equipage. The superior comfort of such travel needed no explanation. " And I said you could not help me," Jenny murmured to hnn, aside. " Oh, I am so grateful." She herself dung to the drag, however, and Macfarlane drove the others. It was an improvement incalculable. They were not stifled with dust nor jolted beyond bearing. They could talk and even laugh a little, wonder at the strange scenery, note a herd cf springbok in the distance, and the pretty meercats at hand, watch the mirage, ever changing shape and character. But thejwf'-ll sua jqmained, growing hotter and hotter-. "I {Saf, M±e!trlane," said Sir William, drawing him aside at the outspan, " I fear 1 cannot endure this. Nor can Hughes, certainly. A month of it would'kill him." Macfarlane could not deny this statement. Both gentlemen already showed a worried, anxious look, which he saw with alarm. He could only say, " Miss Bracebridge will be sadly distressed. Your daughter seems to enjoy the heat, actually. I see an amazing improvement in her." Idon't blame Jenny, poor girl,"Sir William continued. " She is so terribly strong that the scarcely notices things that crush other people. Yes, Laura is recovering health in a marvellous way. If it were not for that I should not feel justified in remaining here one hour longer. It is a cruel situation." "You would not take Miss Patten away now?" How could I possibly leave her in charee of an unmarried girl in this lonely country? It's out of the question. And I must add that Jenny's thoughtlessness—that is not quite the word—her inability to sympathise with, or rather to comprehend, the frailty of ordinary mortals, does not strengthen my aonfidenee in her fitness to take care of a delicate child." The horses were put to. "However," he added, " we will wait a few days. Possibly, one may not feel the heat so much when settled beneath a roof." Macfarlane knew the worth of that solace. Another sweltering night, in a cottage where all three men had to share a tiny room, another day upon the blazing veldt, very, very nearly decided the question. Had he not felt himself unable to bear the journey without a rest, Sir William would have insisted on turning back. At evening they reached their destination. Jenny, pushing in advance, had all things ready, and the homestead was as comfortable as circumstances would permit—as pretty also. But an English eye does not easily become accustomed to such buildings, dazzling with whitewash, unshaded by trees, standing bare and stark on a grey plain. They saw it under the best conditions indeed. AH the stock was gathered in review—thousands of sheep waiting, each flock headed by its band of goats, to which alone the Hottentot shepherd gave his order; a fine herd of cattle, bellowing and struggling on one side the dam as they were led to water in detachments; twenty or thirty horses on the other side; two camels with young, and a drove of ostriches. A lively and charming scene it was, musical with " baa" of Iambs, and "low" of cows, impatient to be milked. Laura screamed with delight as they emerged from a "kloof," and beheld it far away. But pastoral pictures do not comfort old gentlemen in distress. Macfarlane saw that the catastrophe would soon arrive, and he prepared for it in his way. Jenny came out alone to thank him once more, as he drove off. " It is all as miserable as could be, almost," she said dismally. " But if you had not turned up in that extraordinary fashion, what would have become of us?" "It was not really extraordinary," he said, smiling, "because I settled in South Africa with no purpose or hope but to relieve you as far as a man can of all your troubles, when I cannot share them. Of course, therefore, I was looking out for an opportunity." "What can you mean?" she murmured blushing, and not looking in his lace, which was significant. "If you cannot guess, after so many months, will you listen patiently when I explain?" Not waiting a reply Macfarlane Separted. He rode over next morning. The heavy wagon had arrived, and the English servants were sullenly unpacking it. After the easy, hospitable fashion of the land, he entered the living room. Sir William was Eaying—"I could not express my sorrow, but it is absolutely impossible." ' All eyes turned to Macfarlane. Laura was sobbing on her father's breast. Jenny sat, very pale, a figure of despair; the veterans looked miserable but firm, as men making a stand for life. "Ah, the Professor will agree with me. I have told Jenny that if she had a husband's protection I should be overjoyed to leu n- toy daughter here. But as things stand it c-iunofc be." The chance had come—in a moment, perhaps, it would be gone for e\ ar. All depended on his tact in utilising it. He advanced, smiling." " I should not have dared to propose such a thing on my merits," ho said, "but if Miss Bracebridge would find it convenient just now to have the protection of a husband, I" They buret into laughter. The blushes flew to Laura's face, but she clapped her hands in glee before running to Jenny. That young lady tried to say something—indignant, perhaps— but Laura held her, whispering convulsively. After an instant's straggle, she ran from the room, carrying the girl with her. They felt sure it was a double peal they heard as the door closed. So Jenny was won. Laura brought the assurance of her consent presently, and by evening it was formally acknowledged. In offering his congratulations Mr. Hughes said— " I expected this long ago, Professor. But afterwards I thought myself mistaken." "No, my dear old friend," Macfarlane replied, heartily. " It was your hint that put me on the track. To you also. Sir William, I am indebted for my introduction to Jenny. When we trace back the threads that have woven so happily together, it really seems as if this marriage were made in heaven. Had I not met Jenny I should certainly have died a bachelor. Aid she is good enough to hint that she had never seen the man Bhe could honour and obey until she met me." Sir William took patience under theseoircumstances, but there was no time to lose. Nextday they set out for Cape Town; in a fortnight the lovers were married, and the old gentlemen returned to Europe. Laura spent the brief time of honeymoon as a guest at the Bishop's house, and accompanied tne happy pair to their home on the veldt. A year later they took her back to Chesham, as bright of eye and rosy of cheek—though terribly sunburnt—as bold in the saddle and as clever in the dairy as any Boer maiden who can read no print except a folio Bible. There she was married to Sweyn, who did not go back to the <»lony. " And so, Professor," said Mr. Hughes, after the ceremony, "this is the moral of the higher training '. The pursuit of it brought Laura to death's door. Throwing it up, she has found a good husband and happiness. Thousands of girls find the same who cannot read or write." "Allow me," said Macfarlane. "That is not the moral of the case. The higher training is right and wholessme; but a girl should not be submitted to it unless she have a mother —or some near relative, as watchful and loving —to whom she will confide her troubles." THE EJTI). Next week, THE LUCKIEST GIRL IN YORK- SHIRE. BT FI.OBENCE MAHKYAT, Author of "Love's Conflict," "Her Father's Name," "Stop Thief," "Fighting the Air," &c.; 