A STORY OF MADNESS AND THE SUPERNATURAL. Deeming came before the public a little too late for Mr. Stead's Christmas ghost stories, but from a hint which the sensational Editor of the Review of Reviews has since dropped it is not unlikely he will yet be honoured with a place in another edition of his world-circulated, nerve - shaking anecdotes. What little is available as to the early career of Frederick Deeming is associated, whether correctly or not has not yet been determined, with a story of madness and the supernatural, Mrs. Deeming, the wife of Edward Deeming, brother of the prisoner, declares in an affidavit that his father died an imbecile in Tranmore Workhouse, Birkenhead, and Edward Deeming has deposed that his father frequently complained that he heard supernatural noises. Shortly before Frederick's birth, states Edward, the family lived in a house where a murder accompanied by mutilation was supposed to have been committed. After their mother's death Frederick and Albert declared, according to Mrs. Edward Deeming, that they saw her. She beckoned to Frederick, and then faded away in a green light which surrounded her. All the members of the family, adds Mrs. Deeming, were subject to similar delusions. Mrs. Albert Deeming and Mis. Walter Deeming testify that Frederick was from his earliest years of a very roving disposition. When quite a boy he several times ran away from home, and appeared to be almost beyond parental control. Before he was out of his teens he went to sea as steward on board a sailing ship trading from Liverpool. While acting in this capacity he visited various parts of the world, and ultimately left his veEsel in Australia. Here he appeared to have continued his roving life, and among other pursuits became a golddigger. About the year 1880 he returned to Birkenhead, and took up his residence with relatives, to whom he appeared to be worth a considerable amount of money, the possession of which be accounted for by stating that he had been successful in mining operations. Frederick Deeming who was born at Birkenhead, Cheshire, England, in 1S53; suffered fro.n brain fever in Calcutta; and on returning home, adds Edward Deeming, his mind appeared to be affected. He suffered from the delusion that he was a person of distinction—a delusion which, by-the-by, does not seem to have ever quite deserted him. The prisoner, it will be remembered, told Dr. Springthorpe that his father brutally ill-treated him. th»t his mother h?d been in a lunatic asylum, that he nimself had been in an asylum before he was twelve and when he was sixteen years of age, and that he had been called Mad Fred in his youth. But prisoner's statements to Dr. Springthorpe were obviously characteristic of stateirents generally by the prisoner, the most modern Munchausen, who also said he had visits from his dead mother, and that she incited him to kill his wives. It is, however, remarkable in connection with the story of madness and supernatural that Alfred Deeming had adream of the Rainhill murders in the month of August, soon after they were committed. 