CHAPTER XLI. ASTONISHMENT. Prepare to hear A story that will turn thee into stone. Could there be hewn a monstrous gap in nature, A flaw made through the centre by some god, Through which the groans of ghosts might strike thy ear. They would not wound thee as this story will. LEE. It was a curious square leather case, giving the impression that the outside was merely the covering for an inside box. Three straps about an inch broad and in a row, met fellow straps, fastened by small padlocks and joined the overlapped eylet holes. For a moment or two Gustave was at a nonplussed how to open the case —true the padlocks were made but he had no in- struments and my little strength. He looked round the room in vain. What could he do ? Not send for a blacksmith ? The blacksmith no the man old Jean Leg- ard was too terrible a gossip and would be sure to question the contents. He tried the small poker—in vain. There was no help for it, the straps must be out neatly so as to be taken off at the top. It was soon done, though he felt nervous and depressed as he cut away slowly with his penknife, stopping for a moment to recover himself before he opened the lid. He was weak; even this this small exertion had left him faint. He got up and took a little spirit and water from the tray by his bedside, which revived him enough to continue his work. Lifting the cover slowly and thought- fully, as if there was something sacred within, he found a good-sized card, on which was written as follows:—“In case of my sudden deaths by accident or other- wise, I request that the large pocket-book, with its contents in this case may be re- stored at once to its rightful owner, Mrs. Hubert Annelaye (so-called), of the “ Nest,” Bayton, Goldsborough, Australia, or failing her to Miss Vavasour, Brook Street, Grosvenor Square, London. I also request that the packet of parchment and other deeds herein—tied with green ribbon he returned without delay to Leopold Durand, of the Rue du Bac, Paris’ —and there were other requests but Gustave, could walk no further he felt sick and dizzy at reading thus far— the secret was out this was proof positive of more than one murder and that Mr. Annelaye had been murdered and robbed Gustave laid the card on the table beside him leaning his hand against the sofa for a few moments too sick and dizzy to think much yet there sure enough was the large pocket book—which after a moments consideration he could not resist opening. It was crammed with papers—and must have been a bulky packet for a man’s pocket. Gustave remembered some of the evidence the detectives had read to him concerning the Seringa murder, that the deceased generally carried his pocket book with him in his shooting and fishing walks fearing it might be robbed at the cottage, also in case of fire, though no one had ever inquired into the contents; a certificate of birth of Hubert Armytage at the Towers, Marley, with the date; a certificate of the marriage of Hubert Armytage with Vera Temple at Albury churoh, New South Wales; a cutting from a news- paper of Lady Armytage’s death at the Towers; some visiting cards, Captain Armytage, Lancers; two letters from Sir Lancelot Armytage to his son not long before his death. A statement that in case of death his will and all other papers were in the care of his friend, Norman Fortescue “in trust of my life" also that for certain reason's he had altered the pronunciation of his name on going to a strange land thinking it best. To be Continued. 