My Narrow Escape. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, just a year ago; bat as I can now look back and calmly re-<*> call cach thought, each word, each act, I think I will write it down Oβ a warning to all who may find themeelves similarly oil eumatanoea, hoping, with dU my heart, that tho number may be few. In the first place, my name is Frederiok Putnam. I am, and have been for the lest ten yoare, the foremen and book-keeper ot the large lumbering establishment of Wil liam* Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decado,unless eomething better tamo up. Mr. Winston Iβ the resident partner end manager of tho manufacturing part o! the business. The other members of the firm,of whioh there are two, live in the city, at the foot ot tho lake, and attended to the sales ot lumber, which we eend them by vessels. This ia by far the largest share ot what the mill ants, although the amount of onr ealee directly from the mill, to supply tho oountry to the vest of us, is quite large.- , Well, one cold September evening, just ao X was preparing tor homo, I heard tootstop? on ' the gronnd outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though spmeone in heste had given it a push, admitting a tall, atom, well-dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone—Mr. Winston having gone to tho house some half an hour before, looking the safe, in which we kept our books and papers, and taking the key with him aa- DBUBI. I had already closed the damper to tho stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down tho lamp—but, ot course, I waited. "Good evening, elt," eaid the man, bustling Dp to the stove, and kioking the damper open with hie right foot. "Has Winston gone to the house ?" I answered that he had. " When ? I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch—a very fine one, I thought. " I shall not have time to go up," ho said, "The train is due in fifteen min utes." " I there anything I can do for you I" I asked. .. "I wanted to leave somo money with Winston. I intended, to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got & despatoh that calls mc home." " What name, sir ?" '.'Anderson, of Andersonville. n I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. Ho had been ono of our best western customers. I said had been, for tho reason that during the past y.'ar he had not been bo prompt. In faot, ha was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told mo to write him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter waa then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "you can leave the money with mc, sir, and I will give you a receipt." Hβ seemed to henitato, whioh nettled mc somewhat. I have never blamed anyone Binoe, however. "How much ia my bill?" ho asked, eying mc sharply. I anqwered promptly, for I hed struok the balance not more than half an hour bo fore: " Two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds." " Humph I less than I supposed. Write cut a receipt for that amount." Ho left the stove, and came and looked over my shonlder while I was writing oat the receipt. "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know yon now. You've been with Winston o long time. I oan tell your oignature any where." He drew from an inside pookofc a large black wallet very round and full, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, ho told mo to run them over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained jist twenty ten pound notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them ; but at last we got it so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard tho whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for bis travel ling bag, and giving mc a ho?ty hand- Bhake was off on tho run. I olosod the door, and counted tho money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, .and slipped it into my overooat pooliet. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about mc, but aa Winston's house was at least a milo distant, I con cluded to keep it until morning , , when I could deposit it in tho bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the oflicg key from the nail just over the door, and stopped tip to put out the light. As I did so, 1 saw a bit of paper on tho floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson, Ho had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pookot, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have dono it then, but as tho laet mail for the day had gone out on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as woll in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hnny that night, for I had an appoint ment; and I may as well state here that it was with .a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding placn, oto my oupppr, and then went over to Mr. Warnor's, wearing the overcoat with tho money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Corrio wae at home, of oourso, as bqo was cspeoting ine, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would be very interesting, so I will pass over it, merely remarking that nothiog ocourred to disturb mc Until I arose to tako my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them On by Jho warm fire, but she camo baok with only my b&t.; " Why, Fred, yon certainly did not ven ture out on euoh a night as this without an oyercoat ?" "No coat I" I exclaimed, in a dazed sort ct a way—for the thought of the money, flash ing upon mo oo suddenly,had almost etunncd mo. Tho next moment I toro past her liko a madman, as 1 was. Tho coat was gone I Then I was unnerved, I grasped at tbo stair-rail, and caught it just in time to sup- Jiort myeelf. Carrie came running out, her ace tinning pale with alarm, " Oα, Fred I aro you sick ? Let mo call mother and tbe doctor. You are as v bite urn j b sheet," "No, no, Carrio 1" I ontrcatcd. "There, I am better now." :? And I was better. I was strong; all at once—doaperately etronp. And what brought about thie ohango? Tho simple receipt whioh I had in my pooket. Anderson hail nothing to show that tbe money had hi en paid, and waa not my unaided word as gooil Dβ his ? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brato it through, and I grew oonlilent end quite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I am muoh better now. The room was too warm, I gacss. So fomu Bncak-thicf has dodged in and etolcn my ooat I Well, lot it go. It was only an oKI ono.und I'll bavo a better." " But was thoro anything in yoar pookota?" asked Cartio. It IB strango how ouepioious guilt will make uo. I really thought tbat Carrio eua peoted mc, and an angry reply was on tbo ond ot my tongue. I suppressed it, bowover, and uttered a falsehood in. Btoad, ) " Nothing o! consequence, Cariio. A good pair ot blotm orri *?mQ other trifling notionn." „,??,-? "I am glad it Iβ no worse, Fred. Now, ir yon will wait jaet a moment, I will gel yon one of fathor'e costa to wear homo." Thuscqaippsd I left her. . You may bucbb tb-t my slumbers that night wore not very sound, nor vory refresh, ing. I never paused a more miserable night, and in tbo morning my haggard loobe were (he subjeot of remark. " Why, Fred, you look aa though you haa met a legion ol ghosts last night," eaid Winston. " What ia the matter ?" "I have had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. " And you'll have another, if you're not careful. Yon had better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question net mc to shivering from b:ad to foot,'and I was bo week that I could eoaroely oit in my chair. I must have answered in the affirmativo, however, for he said: ? "Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day?" mediately atter he added, "Why, Fred, you shiver or though you had tbo BRue, and you are sweating like a bntoherl You're Biclr, man. Como I jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home." . I was glad of the obanoo to get away, and rcaohing my room, 1 looked myself in. Winston sent a doctor round, but I refused to see him. Then he oamo himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady cams, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah I thoso wero terrible houra that I pasoed and the sight ooming on brought mc. no relief. Can you not guess what I was meditating 1 Coward that I was, I had at last resolved upon solf- doslruotion. I commenced my preparations with the samo calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a ehort explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I scaled them all. In a fourth envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. AU this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, em&H; and in- Bignifioant onough in appearance but all sufficient. Having examined the oartridgea to make Eurc that there world bo no failure, 1 sat down betoro the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another seoond I should have been life less, but just aa my linger began to press tbo trigger there coma a tap on my door. It startled mo, and haetily ooncealing my weapon, I called out that I oould admit no one." "Not mc, Fred?" I knew Cairie'a voice, and yearning to look on her loved faco got tho mastery of- mc. Quietly slipping the tell-talo letters, whioh 1 bad frit on tho table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Oh, IVed I you are real eicfc," exclaimed Carrie, the moment tho light 101 lon my face. " Why did you not sent for mc ? Aren't you better?" " Woree," I answered, hu?kily j " but Carrio—good Heaven's I" Aβ I uttered thia exclamation I started back, and then forward; and then—l hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat! K:oovering from my astonishment, I snatohed it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out tho two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, the eingular capers ot a medtnan, or the wild antics of thoso crazed with rum, or the grotefque dancing of ravages. Well, judging from what Carrie told mc and from tho op pearanoo of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, were it poesiblo to concentrate tho. three above mentioned Dpeaic? of demons into one, their capering and dancing would appear tame in compari son wilh mine that night. But I oooled down after a whilo, and just in time to save Carrie's bead a thump from tho ohair or the waebstand, which I bad selfctcd as partners in my crazy w&liz.; Then I asked for an explanation. It was the eimploat thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought pi it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. Ho had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in ono ot tho pookets. Well, I didn't have tho brain fever over the affair, but I wae next door to it. I made a clean breaot of the wholo thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my reaolve, at self de struction. No one ever guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for tho first time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over tho money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and bettor man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, ; I shall lead Catrio to tho altar. 