POLICE COURT-PORT ADELAIDE MOXDAV, JANUARY 18. (Before Messrs. H. W. Thompson and J. Cleave.] Omtr Nelson was fined for drunkenness and £3," or in default one month's imprisonment, for resisting the police. Constable Baddam said he had his finger broken by the defendant, who struggled violently wben arrested. James Mclnnes was fined 10s. for drunkenness. According to the Avcklancl Star of Decem ber 2!) "Sir. Robert Louis Stevenson, the well known author, says he will live and die in his pnro.dfee. ft is a veritable dream land where the novelist lives. His home i3two miles from Apia, on the island of Upolu, and the site of the house was, when he bought it, a virgin forest through which the foot had never trod. The house faces on the sea; about it are the givafc leaves of the eocoanufc palm and bread fruit trees; within it is all that civilisa tion can furnish to minister to creature comfort. One who had visited Stevenson there two months ago says :-' He is still very thin and fragile; his shoulders are bent and his chest set-rns hollow ; but his voice is strong and hearty and his grasp (nvn. His complexion has lost its deathly whiteness, and is now a healthy bronze, lie still wears his hair long, and his delicate effeminate mouth is shaded by a drooping moustache. His eyes, too, seemed to be half-closed and dreamy, and he talks with a slow, languid drawl.' He believes he has found a safe haven from consumption at the Island of Upolu, and hopes to live to a ripe old age. He has no thought or care for affairs on the other side of the globe. If there should be a massacre of .Europeans at Samoa because of the heavy taxes imposed on the natives he has no fear of per sonal injury, for he believes that the natives respect and trust him. He may use his spare time in writing another book. In fact, he has aheady a deal of manuscript ready for the urinter. But lie has no desire ever to change his locus, and with his wife and mother be will dream away existence amid the ghosts with which his fancy has peopled his house and its surroundings.. 