CtTMENOY NOTES. (From tho Week.) . . This year Psvliumont will assomblo earlier than usual. Tlio condition of tho country renders remedial measures nccossnry with as littlo 'dolay 11s possible. In business things uro going from bad to worse. If any thing cun lio dono to stem tho drift it must bo dona speedily. The mensurcs of relief must not bo hasty nnd makeshift ; or thoy may do more harm than good. A man lhiiy be ablo to ju'inp'ii ditch oiioo, but a second attempt might laud him in tlio mud nt tho bottom. Hnsty remodiul legislation might land tho colony on tho wrong side of tho ditoli ; or hi trying to got buolc to a safo and firm side, tho leap) might ovortux tho strength. Panto remedies uro not always pcrmariont ouros. » « So far us ora bo gathered tlio Government are not going to resort to hoavy taxation. Probably thoy havo soon that thoy haro gone far onough in that dircotton. Discouragement to commercial cutorpriso is a bar to progress. Hardly anything is moro susceptiblo of fright than monny. Stsrtlo it, nnd you soon soo how timid it is. In No w Zealand capital has been bo alarmed by the drastic flsoul legislation of that colony that it is scurrying along outward tracks lis fast as it can dear itsolf of logal ties. No country can thrivo rapidly when monoy is leaving it. It is monoy that makes tho sinows of industry firm, and gives health to the heart of commorne. » If our Government wont a spoody restora tion of prosperity thoy must onoomnge tho incoming and circulation of monoy. To f iirthor fetter nnd hamper its uso by taxation would ho unwise. Snno mon don't rush pell moll at a difficulty liko it hull nt a gate ; others do, nnd get soro heads for their folly. Calmness und solf- possossion nro nccdod now. Tho ship of Stnto is making an orratio coram She noods strong arms at tlio helm and dear honds on tlio bridge, with a onto look-out aloft. Sho Is amongst reefs, Bnd unless skilfully handled may sorapo her keePon a rough rasp. Tho skipper nnd his chief mate must take euro that thoy do not loso any part or faculty of their heads. Our remedies must bo big, rational, statosmun- liko. If monoy con lio induced to como into tho colony , that is tlio took to go on. » Tho gnnrl in tho forthcoming policy is a blnok one. It is a crooked twist in tho grain of the platform planks. It shows conspicuously 011 tlio white floor. All tho rest whito ; ono spot black, — ilaeK nnd ugly as a kanaka's head. 801m. talks nro asking how it came there. Thoy »e«m to think it is out of place, not oonsonunt with the views tiud polioy of tlio master builder. But tho days of oonsonanoy and consistency uro waning. Tho ora of expediency and adaptation is dawning.. Across tho platform, holow tho bluok gnurlod knot, nro tho words "Necessity hasno law." "When . necessity rolgns opportunism does obeisance. Mon oat damper when thoy cannot got plum- cake. ' A wild wavo of wrath has swept through tho ranks of freetraders in Now South Wales. Tho pvotootioiiisi policy of Premier Dibbs lias homo down all opposition- in both Houses of tlio Legislature. Mr. Dibbs gives protection, but lays tho ail valorem on nil classes. This whs hardly wantod. Tlio moaning classes will henceforth groan. Thoy wanted to bo eased, .and others burdened. Thoy desired that tho agony of taxation should bo piled on socioty classes, and not on all classes alike. Thoy havo clamoured for protection ; thoy have got tlio saino bastard sort of tiling that wo luivo in Queensland. An ugly, surly mongrol; littlo high protectionist breeding about it. Iu this sort of coinpromiso nobody is sutisiiod, boeauso nobody escapes. Tho freetraders gmmblo at having to pay for protectionists' fads. Pro tectionists complain' at having to' pay dearly for their daily food in order to luivo their humour for protcotiou of certain trades grutificS. » When somo men cannot have their own way how mad thoy get ! It is so witli Homu demo crats in and about Sydnoy. Tho Upper Houso of tho legislature is a oounterpoiso to tlio radicalism of tho Lower Houso. It is n gravo council of scduto mon. Whoever takes a seat there is supposed to luivo all his faculties and propensities under full control. His calmness is to couutcrnot tho excitability nnd irasci bility of the wilder spirits in tho other plncc. If Lhcas pass rasa or dangerous measures tho couucil of gravo senators must tnko tho sting out of them. If they cndimgcr tho welfare of uny class of tho commonwealth tho council must curb their intentions. If thoy seek to givo umluo advantages by statuto to any class tho council must retain tho halanco of fairness. Of course tho do- fontcd legislators uro oxuspcratcd, pour out vials of wrath on tho reputations and motives of tho " old fogeys" and breatho out hotly most .violent throatenings of demolition of tlio venerable houso of tho otrendorh. Impetuous legislators nro impatient nt any sort of bmko 011 their hasty vagaries. 4) « Down south tlio judges luivo boon mousuriug ontjustieo with a free hand on somo directors 11ml managers of limd nnd building societies and deposit hanks. It hus beon clearly proved that mnlpraoticos by officials havo impaired tho soundness of several institutions. Money intrustod to their euro litis boon im properly or fraudiilently nsod. In ono or two cases embezzlement has taken place. Where evidenco litis disclosed a breach of trust tlio judge 1ms shown littlo moroy to tho delin quent. In ono case somo directors and 11 manager wcro sentenced to seven yonrs' ponul servitiulo ; in another ouso tho managor was sentenced to fivo years : in . another to two years. Tlicso heavy sentences woro not a bit toosovorc. Mon who reocivo money on trust, even at interest, should ho careful that they uso it as safely as human judgment can suggest. » It is llkoly onough thnt the distrust of this class of society began with a loss of confidence in'those mismanaged oiios. When' 'defalcations, embozzlomonts, or ovon irrogularitios , nro bus- ' peutod in suuli cases it is easy to get up u seure. When tlio aonro is . about something moro than tlio ghost of a suspicion it is likely to spread mfeotionsly. But it is very do- plorahlo thut by tho villainy of a few inou 11 host of sound companies should ho involved in uu iudiseriminativo run, involving disaster to numy iuuooont pooplo. What loss and sorrow human fraud is responsiblo for ! It is quito probable thnt iu tho couviotion of the dishonest mon who nsod ptlior peoplo's1 money for.tlieir own bonoflt thoro lies tho explanation of tho rccont whirlwind of distrust whioh ' lms swept down many sound institutions managed with Bompulons honesty. Tlio sonro may havo begun with wcuk and mismanaged institutions, then it oxtonded ' to those that woro atablo and well managed. Mr. Gurncr, ii broad-shouldered man of grout physical strength, and -of Freiioh oxtriiotiou, though Ave generations of his raco havo lived 011 American soil, has como to tho oouolusion that tlio monkeys luivo a language, und ho hus made up hiA mind to master it, if it ho possible. This is how lio. proposes to do it : Ho has had 11 ongc made of a notivork of steel rods, and this ho will tnko with him to Africa. 'Hie eight scotions cun,bo taken apart for paokiug purposes, Tlio size of tho cago is to lio O foot Oi.iuolios square. Whop put into, position it wiU bo nnohored to tho ground by throqi Btrong ohalns' pqsBing. aoross'tho top, An brdor to prevent tho gorillas, whoso bnmonBO. strength ; is, well known, from carrying tho wholo thiug off to study at tlioir loisuro in ' the wilderness. Tho network is sufficiently fine' to hinder ' thorn from patting their arms through. Iii this cago Mr. Garner is to Acat himself at somo considonihlo distance from his party, hut ho is' to bo coimootcd with thorn by moans of a telephone and an olectrlo bell. Tho phonograph will tako down tlio sounds littered by tho gorillus, and 11 camera, placed In tho. fork of 11 tree, will take instan taneous photographs. ' This is tho latest ven ture in tho ciiuso of soionoe. It js'to bo hoped that Garner will survive tho daugors to which ho wilt bo exposed, and toll us what tho Simian tonguo is like. » » "Kissing tho book," in taking, an oath, cspcoiully iii pollue courts, wliero 0110 Biblo is used by persons in nil states of/ health and siokness, nlid frequently too in nil degrees of dirt, is very repulsive to persons of delioate nnd. sonsitivo natures ; but notwithstanding nil that has been said and written against it tho formuln still survives. This subject hns from tiiiio to thno boon token up by the J.oucet, a recog nised medical authority, but to littlo purpose .apparently, In Its latest clfort against tho oustoin it remarks that under "no other cir cumstances aro men And wonion called upon to liaiidlo und kiss anything in common. This, however, is only part of tho question, tho other part of which wo havo no wish to ignore. On tho oontrnry, it is of tho greatest importuned thnt meinliers of the medical profession fdionld, wlion tlioy boconio witnesses, bb duly impressed with tlio solemnity of taking an oath, and haro no reason (as thoy hivvo At present) to regard it with contempt, or oven ..yvith disgust. A short Act of- parliament, , substituting tho uplifted right hand for kissing tlio hook nnd tho repeti tion of tho form of words by tho witness, is all that is required. It. would havo muoh support, and probably littlo or no opposition. Tho suggestion is recommended to members of Parliament." Whenever a famous ootor or aotrcss deter mines on u Shakespearian season or a revival of ono or other of tho hard's plays thcro is always speculation as to the treatment tho piece will reodlvo. ' Iu how many styles litis tho melnu- choly Danci for instanco, been presented. Somo actors linvo mado him swiirthy, while others, going upon tho characteristics of tho Danish nation, havo mado him fair. Ono man, it is denied that ho was an notor, mado Hamlet tho vchiolofor, displaying somo lmndsomo diamonds I10 was possessed of, though after all people wont moro to laugh at tho ubsurditics of his mummory. Even Brisbane, not fsmcd nlways for lending in art, has seen 11 local standard set up for tho representation of "crooked Riohnrd." And now thnt Mr. Irving nnd Miss Terry havo produced "Honry VIII.," new ideals nro tlio result. Miss Terry, wo are told, does not excel in haughty demeanour, and slto therefore brings all licr womnniiko qualities into play, and commands commendation in that way. Mr. Irving wears a robo us Wolsoy different in colour from thoso donned by liis histrionio predecessors who hnvA essayed tlio same part. So it will continue, but the plays remain, as has been said, "for all time." ' 