AMEh JPUNi A toung woman applying for the situation M teacher to a village-school, being questioned by the trustees as to her qualifications, replied : " I ain't . much of an aritlimeticker, but I'm an elegant grammarist." ) Bachelor Jones : " The State would be better off if every Chinaman was kicked out of it to morrow." Hi 3 married friend : " Where would you get. your washing done then?" Bachelor Jones: " Marry some nice girl, and have it done at home." Chorus by six eligible young ladies who happened to overhear Jones and his friend talking: "The Chinese must go !" An inventor will shortly take out a patent for a cataphone. By means of wires stretched along back yard fences and house-tops he conveys, with the aid of some machinery, all concatenated catawauls into an air-tight barrel. By another simple contrivance the sound can be compressed, and can be used in quantities for fire and burglar alarms. The inventor says that it is useful for blasting rocks. " Now, what," inquires the professor in philosophy, looking the class directly in the face, and aiming to make a point in the lesson on. heat, " what makes the atmosphere so frigid out of doors ?" There was a silence for some moments, and then a student on the front seat softly replied, "The cold weather," where upon the lesson was brought to an abrupt close. An exchange has an article on the tomb of Jonah. The whale begs to remark that so far as he is con cerned, he isn't guilty ; he merely acted as a tem porary vault. A noted physician of New York recently joined a " spiritualist " circle for the purpose of getting some communications from unknown regions. On receiving the usual signals, he inquired who it was that was addressing him. " One of your patients whom you killed," was the rejily. The physician did not pursue the investigation any further. Josh Billings says, Flies have a big appetite for getting into things; they are the fust at the dinner- table, and alwuz take soup, and don't leave until the cloth is removed." There is one passage in the Scripture to which all Urn potenates of Europe seem to have given their unanimous assent and approbation, and to have studied so thoroughly a3 to have it quite at their fingers1 ends. "There went out a decree in the days of Claudius Ciesar that all" the world should be taxed." The Golden Jiule publishes highly instructive directions " IIow to shoe a horse." This i3 all riglu for the men— now give the women information "How to shoe a hen." In the world's broad field of battle, j In the bivouac of life, J Be not like dumb, driven cattle ; ! Be a martyr— take a wife. How Mark Twain was Sold tn Newark. — I was profoundly moved. 1 said, "My son. bring the old party round. I have got somo jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him", and, if they miss fire, I have got some others that will mako liim cry or kill him, one or the other." Then the young man blessed -me.- and- wept on . my "neck, and went after his Twclo. Ho placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began on liitu. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones , I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones; I fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with red-hot new ones ; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted liim on tho right and left, in front and behind; I fumed and sweated and charged and ranted till 1 was hoarse arid sick, and frantic and furious; but 1 never moved him once— 1 never started a smile or a tear, never a ghost of a smile and never a suspicion of moisture ! 1 was as tounded; I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek— with one wild burst of humour, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him ! Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The jiresident. of the society caine up and bathed my head with cold water, and said, " What made you carry on so towards the last ? " I said, "I was try ing to mako that confounded old fool laugh, in tho second row." And lie said, Well, you were wasting your time, because lie is deaf and dumb, aud as blind as a badger!" Now. was that any way for that old mail's nephew, to impose on a stranger and orphan like me ? I ask you, as a man and brother, if that was any way. for him to do "!— Information Wanted. Bg Mark Twain. . , 5 They always need an eye to business in a needle factory. A Mr. Wilkinson has written to a Western paper, informing the public that ho thinks the newspaper report of his death is incorrect. lie says that, to the best of --his -knowledge," ho is alive, and would be kicking if he could find out the author of the report. They have a curious stylo of love-making out West, for a paper there says : " The young people who were seen feeding each other, dove- fashion, over a gate post the other evening had better bo a little more cautions in future. A Yankee journalist" who is bald offers a reward of 1000 dols. for a tale that will make his hair stand on end. A new American slove has been invented for the comfort of travellers ; it is to be put under the. feet, with a mustard -plaster on t he head, which draws tho -heat through the wholo system. A Missouri judge has decided that a woman is not an " old maid " till she is 35. The unmarried ladies are in gratitude subscribing for a handsome tombstone for him, which is to be quite a work of art. A San Francisco Court has recently decided the value of a kiss to be 700 dols. gold. At that figuro it wouldn't take a fellow half an hour or so to run through a pretty considerable fortune, and he'd have nothing left to show for it ejUier. The San Francisco style of advertising is iitlhcr sensational. Here is a late specimen from one of the journals of that city. "Away from tho land of her birth, and loved of her youth, she met the relentless conqueror, bowed her lovely head to his stroke. Other hands smoothed her long brown tresses , other fingers closed tho blue eyes, and folded the gentle hands upon the peaceful, sinless bosom." " Pure pork sausages- six pounds for one dollar, at William and Cook's under Exchange." A Miss Stewart, of Hamilton, Ontario, has re covered 700 dols. damages from a lover, who forsook her after an engagement of 26 years.. A little over half a dollar a month, which is cheap courting, as he always took tea and supper with her. An epitaph in. a Maine cemetery asserts ; " The wedding day appointed was. The wedding clothes provided, But. ere that day did come, alas ! He sickened and ho dieded." "You have nothing in England t.o compare with our Newport," said a young American belle to an old English beau at a dinner party. "Indeed, madam," was the reply : " and I question whether you have anything in America to compare with our old port." The Weather. — An American paper says that a gentleman who tried to make the neighbourhood of Astoria aud the mouth of Columbia River his home has written the following report with regard to the weather lie has experienced— the lines are not inappli cable to the condition of the seasons in England of late — "Dirty days have September/April, June, and November; "from January up to May the rain it raineth every day.; -from May again . up-to July there's not a dry cloud in the sky,; all the rest have thirty- one, without a blessed ray of sua ; and, if any of them had two-and-thirty, they'd be just as wet and quite as dirty." Oncf. upon an evening dismal, I gave her a kis3, paroxysmal, and called her name baptismal ; precious name I loved of yore. Ah, she was a darling creature pert, of speech and fair in feature! but egad, you couldn't teach her, for she had been there before, and only murmured — Kfcs me niore. The academy girls perform "Kiss in. the Dark'" to-night. This may be the first public presentation of the piece, but when we think bow many private rehearsals they have indulged in we shudder— to think that we were not there. A certain little boy, who was told that he must not go into the water on Sunday with his playfellows, said in reply: " I don't want to go in swim rain1 with 'em, ma; I only want to go and see some of the bad little boys drown for goin' in swinimin' on Sunday, that's all." He said lie rather guessed he knew how to sail a boat; but tho gentle zephyrs that kiss the wavelets o'er his watery grave mournfully whisper, " He luffed not wisely." Billy Spooxmaker has an unshaken belief that the dictionary has not yet been manufactured which could make a man comprehend the meaning of chagrin as fully a3 it does to be discovered eating bread and milk in a cheap restaurant by Amelia's rioli father, who has just stepped in to blow up the landlord because he don't pay his rent. It was in a New York theatre, the opera was "Faust," and as — — and his adored gazed upon- the apotheosis, as the angels carry Marguerite into Heaven, he murmured, " Beautiful! Beautiful ! here tho soul clothed in all its purity is wafted to eternity to sweet strains of angelic music." "Yes, Gus," she replied, dreamily, "but 1 rather think if that grappling was to give way and dump her on tho stage, it would kind of churn her up some." It is assorted of a Philadelphian that he died ' worn out by too severe mental effort iu the study of how to live without work." a Connecticut paper tells this story of a no w boy to tho Sunday-schools: "The precious yoi.lb was asked who made the beautiful hills about them; and remarked that he did not know, as his pdreote oaj(p! PSTtflinto thetomthedbefi;:.. .fry.;. 