Wxt €onkabntox. HOW THE WIND BLOWS [Rbcokdedby 'Vanes.'! Thelover of nrasio who attends any public Rathering for lihe purpose of having Mb senses tickled and his tastes gratified in this particu lar direction has many disabilities to contend with. Piratiy, there is the unfortunate in fant robbed of its natural test by its foolish mother, who regardless of the possible dangers the night air may have in store for her puling nf&nu.;..*. -..t-ttloaoin ttrOCTa Hi fmiTl itS COt 1X1 brave for two hours the draughts and perils of the concert-room. Small wonder that the youthful martyr resents such inhuman treat ment and at stated intervals lets off his indig- - nation in staccato howls to the -attex discomfiture of the audiense. We cannot blame the baby, we may even admire the pertinacity with which it chooses the softest piano passages in which to vent its grievances; but we shall have something to cay presently by way of rebuke to its fond but foolish mother. Then, again, there is the conversational ooncert-goer, the idiot who remains obstinately silent during the short intervals of the programme and enters on an animated discussion directly the music com mences. What on earth he, or she too for the matter of that, attends a concert for is one of these mysteries that are hidden from the wise and prudent. Nob for the music, for he never hears it ; not even for the pleasures of intellec tual ^conversation, for his remarks are as inane as - his manners are boorish, he is simply a public nuiBanoe whom to sit next is torture unendurable. Then there is the self-constituted critic, who delivers him self of oracular judgments in questionable English and equally doubtful taste. Some times the latter animal is amusing and con siderable fun was extracted at a recent exhibi tion concert from a criticism upon Signor Bhzzi (Signor Buzz-eye this gentleman called him), who was disparagingly compared with a certain entertainer yclept ' Snozzle,' and this too with a running accompaniment of crimson, blistering language. Very amusing, but alas, very painful too, to one who wishes to listen in perfect silence to voice or instrument. Let us eiog pleadingly— Oh ! mothers with babies, Pray give us a rest. Oh, grant our request ; fond innocent gabies Return to its nest ? -???-?? This musical pest — Oh ! mothers with babies, Fray give us a rest. . Unnatural mothers, Stay home with the kid, ? T were best that you did ; Remember that others : - You're seated amid Of him would be rid-^ Unnatural mothers, Stay home with the kid. Go, talkers so blatant, Go seek other fields, No joy music yields To you it is patent ; Each one of you wields A jawbone like Nield'e— - Go, talkers so blatant, Go seek other fields. Conversing inanely Your ignorance shows, Ob, prithee compose Tour features ungainly ; Don't add to the woes That others impose — Conversing inanely Your ignorance shows. Oh 1 critioB appointed By right of your own, We wait to be shown You're of the anointed ; ? At present unknown, We hear you -and groan — Oh ! critics appointed By right of your own. We only would listen To music's sweet song, We' ve suffered so long With teardrops, that glisten; It cannot be wrong To use language strong — We only would listen To music's sweet. Those who imagine that visions of the sea eerpent are things of the past are doomed to disappointment. The latest story of the ap pearance of this monstrous marine insect comes from Aberdeen, where the crew of a fishing boat state that 'while 'lying' at anchor off the coast an extraordinary-looking monBter, with a neck like a giraffe, a long dark . mane, and a skin spotted like fancy linoleum, sud denly rose over the gunwale and placed one foot at the prow and the other near the Etem of their vesBsL The boat listed over nearly three feet, to the horror of the crew, one of whom ran up the mast, while tbe others dropped into the hold. The creature remained in sight for a quarter of an hour, so that ample time was afforded the fishermen to recover their wits and take stock of tbe visitor, which they further described as having ears of extraordinaty dimensions, teeth like a marble staircase, and jawa sufficiently wide when open to stow away an omnibus.'5 Phew ! Those fishermen must have 'had 'em bad,' and yet tbe veracious chronicler says a quarter of an hour was ample time for them to reoover from the attack. Great Scott ! A quarter of a year would scarcely-suffice. I-e tie waible. . ? The latest allusion to snakes, Alternately rising aod sinking, The fatal conclusion awakes Anooher ship's crew has been drinking. And tho1 we'd not be so unkind As hint that these Bailors were lying-, To swallow the statement they're signed To ue is most certainly trying. Now mind, We've seen folks who've 'had 'em' before, And followed their wandering glances ; We're settled their snakes by tbe score, And winked at their feeble romances. We've thrown our old clothes at tbe wall, Dislodging some visional rabbit ; And said, as we covered its fall, Such climbing was only a habit. That's all, Just simply a matter of habit. We've heard with no ghost of a smile One toper reciting a sonnet In tones you could bear for a mile (This latter was properly on it). Another in language sublime Has sketched but tbe plan of creation, Convinced he was there at the time Suggesting some grave alteration. Like Syine, He knew where to make alteration. __ And then when our patients wonld cry, 'Great Scott! now we're ready for daughter,' We would make some evasive reply And dose them with brandy and water. We've listened all night to their tales, Have now and then met with a rough one; Tbe brightest of all of them pales Before this exceedingly tough one. It fails To rival this awfully tough one. And so, we would hazard, yon see, ? A guess that can hardly be risky — That that which arose from the sea, Arose, as a fact, from the whisky. That monsters may sometimes abound In water, we fully conceive it, But think they'll more often be found In water that's mixed with Glenlevit. : ' Not drowned, But lively when mixed with Glenlevit. Payn, the novelist, has recently been repining because the world is less lightheaxted and gay than it used to be in days of old. With him we would like to sing a merry roundelay of Those Good Odd Tnnss. \- In the golden days of old - Happy people, care beguiling, Passed their time, bo we are told, Or in laughter or in smiling. Had .they got some task to do, Into it they'd gaily buckle, Working all the daylight through With an everlasting chuckle. Now tbe novelist repines, There is no suoh thing as laughter ; Man with solemn visage whines. Be he e'er so much a ' giafter.' Pantomime but makes him stare, ' Comedy no more is winning, - ., Clowns but make him claw his hair ; Nothing now can set him grinning. 'Willow waly ! woe is roe ! This is true that Payn is writing; All the world's frcm humor free, ? All tbe critics cold and biting. Would you test this saying's truth-? ?Then if you wonld truly know it, - Take your pen in hand, foreooth, Try and be a oomio poet,' '. *.??»:?-?' -?-?'?- ? ' ' ? 