BRITISIl P0 rATIOS. In thle Ihlde. .ardtl of flat Frido; thCer was reprinted from somni sboUrco a paItagrapll plrportio.g to contain an opit)mlo of a political epoaohl delivered at )udlly, ini 1\rorcestorshiro, soain timo ago by a gent.i man named Olharlos Robert Sinit, for'merly known, moro r loss fEvourably, in thiq colony as Lord Cartingto,. "' Te )olpular ox-Governor of Now South Wales." 1qut, I the Dudllcy Herald. The popularity may boe grautod; andll among groat masses of people now-a-days populllarity is laknl as a proof of groat moerit of solon kind. Well, what were til real 1mo'its oof CIhrlies IRobo't Smith, Lord Carringlon ? They consisted, I imagine, chiefly i n a l nssidoulo employ Inoalt of thoso tricks, not very difficult of performanceo, by which a flashy and supor ficial populnrity may, as a m aaore tler of course, ba atltained by anyone who, w;th certain advoatitious adIlvantages, may haplpen to be eolected for thil posit;on which Lord C lrringtoll o cUpied h'tro. 1:Ho was a buntling p]romobr o thIlo-o pomips and vanite;o which go to 1m0,ko upl what cor tain cdbascs of ;,plople call "ocioty." 1Ie atltownlo l innumo rablo ra:io mootligs and nagrioultunral. shows, o"It, Ioalnls, oielobra tions and doulnlstrallao is of every kind; and is sa.id -whetheIlr truly or otherwis8 - to have spoit £.511000 a year over and above his oilloiat aIry. Sunllldry tales loss to his otodit Ihvo been cur:rent in Sydney, it ~aoctls; bu.t 1rrll) ',' false, that was to be oxpoe'l1. WlrIl, the "populnity" is eOstablished; and judlinlig lby the coarse demnlgoglo y of t;'o Duldloy speech, one mighl sHlIp,ps I that our noble friend might prlfar to he styled Mharloy Smith or Bob Smilth. And yet anybody who should take 1su11 I a libo?ty might fild himself ogrogiously mistaken ; fltm there is snobboey a1s we1ll is dotllngolroly in the blood, Smlitll, Lord C'arliulptt it, hull, as most po'i"sos 1a1y' romlnlllbnor, a Irother whose real nome eas Inpolert mIlith, but who alfocctld to call hiuistlf the IIonourablo ].iport O;rrin;toe, Now, luport is only another form of tihe naueo Robort;.and therefore this worthy brother might him elf hlavo been lproplrly enough called Bob Smith. I don't balievo, for my part, that he wIls oven nutitlod to use the preflx " hlonour ible." For whatI mean by Lord CarrTington's courso dumuagoguery, I refdr readoIre to what 1he is roleorted to hayve said to his Dudlly nliudionco- doubtless, of workinll man -about the "Australian workman in his might and majesty,I" languagowhich might appropriately enough have fallen from the lips of any other lharloy Smith at the Queen's statuo, Lord Oarrington seems to have thought that he could commond himself and his casoe to his Dudley audinle by appropropiating to him. self the appellation of in 'itinerant annarchist," IHeo explained it, to be sure, in thle sense that suited himself; but most certainly anyone who goes about the country ondeavoulli ig to recommend the nsians and revolutionary scheme by which the " old Parliamolta;ry haud0," apparontly possessed with the demon of dmlasption, seeks to set up in Ireland a now ascondanoy seovoen tunes worse' tllan the old, and a olerico-criminal govornment, huah a person is eotiiled to the appollation'of "itinerant enarllist" in its worst sense. Lord Ganrlington said, it seems, tllat if he had notbron in Australia and soon, &, &o; ., he would not havo boon a home ruler, Ho prpbably knows very little more ot Aus. tralia than what was shown hibi. HIow any. nani in his senses coull speond five years hlere and Irotond to h:ave discovered reasons f Ir supporting a projrot by which two-fifths of t inhablllllitants of Ireland are to be do privoed of their status as Hlitish subjects, and the govc.nmnont of that countiy handed over to the rufllmts of ile Land Ioaguoe,it+, is diflIoult to cone ,ive. It may be said with:" much more confidoence that if the " Garu 'lone Old Alan," to whom ho e paofdsse;.s him'olf "devoted," had not himself pomrptratlodlt his great npostaoy, Oharloes Roboert Smitlh would not have bocoms a dieruptionist itheor. But the worthy ox Governor is a tho aoulh-paced Gladstonito -an out aid out partisan; oonsequently a Oladstonito of tile baseor sort: aid 'in speaking of thp "lhasr sort", I. moan, to contrast snulh plirtisns" as he is with the bettor kin of Glndstonitos-mnon like Lord Birasey and W. Stead, who, whilo, most: anxiou-s to get their own party back into.. power, neverthoeles acknowledge franklly, the groat services which the SBlisbul3 Government has conflerred on tile 1kingdom and thi ompire. Lord Carrington, we may supplos, is not ontirely disapplointod. at. those results. of the genot al election; wbmioli: he and other unscrupulous aeonts of~tht':. lartly have contribtoed to bring abouit;: thoulgh. the 0G.O.M. has hardly got the.' " triimphant majority" which his devot d· follower- the p]rospcctive Lord-TLioutonnnt of Ireland, or Saeretarv to the Colonies probably esxpcted, How stends the case ? In England, spite of all the Carringtons and Solhnadhorsts, thle ndvootes of disrup tion wore loft far Ihind, In Scotland, where canny olectso's opine that "things have come to an awfl)' pass, when Wuillio Gladstano canma hio his ni wa," and whller pious old wmnon, it is said, consult their spiritual guides as to whothor opposition to 11G. Gladstone is not the unpardonable sin egnaisetthe Holy Ghost, whamo, in short, a Gladstonian 'ebices sooams to prevail, the itinorent nnarollist was more successful. In Wales, from vnrious causes, among which a rancorous im]pantieonco for the dis ostlblishmont of the church is one of the mostpotent, the slate of things is much thle senmo, but worse, In Irolaudl, whore tbohe so-cnllorl Nailnalists arn monstrously over-represented, and whor thl ? peoasanlll'y areo still fod with the Parnallite hope 'of grtling their fnrm1 at pniaieo valeno, the disrtupliolist cause is, of coitrse, the most tlourishieg, After all, howeveor, the Gramnd Old Disiruplionist has only . a majority aimounting to just ono-half of tlhlose ho nrd reutiuncd for the puisrb o of "mnarobiln .h' onlgh lInlr e to lothe dlamol bormennt of thile Empir,." It may be sus poeted, too, that the rarty of misclilof have done lhoir woret; end tile cohesion of thair majority is lotoiiavslv do11tf1ul Under those cOnd(itions, thou110111h 1ord Carrington may perhals olbtalni a stp illn tho poorage, nnd oven got aid of his ianmo of Sidth'lhs tonnneay of tho Irish Vioe-lola liy, it he gats it. will be ratlor proeonriols, I have not time julst inow to exposo hiis otleor blhndams as they nnappear in the roeort roprinteod from tlie Dudley papor, O, D, Y, 