EGYPTIAN SKETCHES.—No. VIII. The Story of the Exodus. [By WM. ROBY FLETCHER, M.A.] In my last sketch I drew the outlines of Egyptian history at the time immediately be-<*> fore the Exodus. I stated that the Pharaoh then reigning was named Menepthah or Merempthah, and that he had a son named Seti Menepthah, and that they were both hold ing their court in Upper Egypt. Times were turbulent, and the old monarch, after waiting bis opportunity, had, with the aid of his son, established some measure of tranquillity in the Delta. All this time Moses was in retirement in the eastern desert, where he had been living for 40 years. He too was resting and getting ready for the time when the inspired call would come to him. He was in the land of Midian among the granite cliffs of Sinai keeping sheep, nurturing his great thinkings and communing with his divine friend. Doubtless he knew all about the politics of Egypt—be knew that Barneses the Great was dead: he knew the character of Menepthah ; he knew of the re bellions among the Asiatic subjects of Pharaoh. If his own people had been mixed up in the affairs of the Delta, he would learn that it was no use trying to fight against Egypt When the time came they ought to leave Egypt voluntarily, and there ought to be an exodus, not an armed rebellion. A peaceful revolution is always better and more permanent than one which comes about amid the smoke and din of battles and bloodshed. The appeal to arms should be the last, not the first resort, in any case of national difficulty. Peace has her victories as well as war, and the laurels of such victories never, never fade. THE BUPKENATUBAL. lam not now attempting to enlarge upon the mystic and supernatural side of.the story. I am trying to give the human, the historic back ground of the Bible drama. I believe most emphatically in the constant presence of the mysteriousspiritual forces of God in mundane affairs. The Gospel of God rests on the supernatural at every turn. I do not seek to diminish faith therein, but to augment it, by showing how the divine plans have been interwoven with the intricate and seemingly natural course of events. Because Moses was skilled in Egyptian learning; because he was well acquaintea>with the politics of the double crown; because he understood the'degradation of the slavery of his people; because he had been pondering these things for forty years; because of all this he was able to understand the sign of the burning bush, and to receive the call of God to be the champion of his people. But had not he waited too long? Had not the message been neglected 2 Would it not have been better to have sprung his plan when Pharaoh was resting in inactivity, and before this fiery genius of a son had appeared on the scene ? So one might think; but remember the old saying, "The wheels of God grind slowly but they grind surely." The call did not come, and Moses was still waiting. And now another cloud arises on the horizon of Pharaoh. Away, behind the pyramids, to the north-east there is a fresh rebellion, or rather an in vasion. The young warrior Seti has to turn his attention thither. The army is drawn away eastward. The poor Hebrews are in some measure left to take cue of themselves. They are a mean-spirited lot in the eyes of the court, and cannot tight; and so even the garri sons are withdrawn, and the fortresses of Goshen are left quite undermanned. Now ia the time. The message comes at last and Aaron and Moses stand before Pharaoh and demand from bim the liberation of the Hebrew slaves. "Thus, saith Jehovah, the God of Israel, let my people go." THE DEATH OF THE PRINCE. It is not my intention to narrate over again the long story of the duel between Moses and Merempthah, which lasted nearly twelve months. I wish to hasten on to the close where the interest reaches its climax. Every body will remember the awful tragedy of the last plague. Painters and poets have vied with each other in depicting what Egypt must have been like, when there went up the wild wail of lamentation from so many homes, for the firstborn had been stricken in the hovels of the people, and the firstborn of Pharaoh as well, "even he that sat upon the throne with his father." After what I have said of that brilliant youth who had championed the royal cause so well, we can easily understand the grief of tbat last stroke in the conflict between Moses and Mennepthah. No words can pedict it. No wonder that the command went forth, "Up, get you gone f No wonder that the Egyptians should almost bribe the Hebrews to be off. No wonder that all opposition was hushed. The Crown Prince was dead —the hope of the nation was cut off. The old man and his wife Isinefert were left to mourn; the darkness of a dark sunset waste be his inevi table fate. In the agony of his despair he would be rid of his troublesome slaves at any cost, and then consider what was to be done. The story of the exodus is one of undying renown, but it is only of late years that it has been understood. Even yet all the points con nected with it are not cleared up, and we await with anxiety the discoveries of every year. It is a marvellous thing that all know ledge of Egyptian history and customs tends to set forth more vividly the grand old story. It has not been proved false in a single par ticular. It [has been completely taken out of the region of romance, and ranged among the veritable facts of history. In spite of all that the so-called "higher critics" assert on the basis of language, I am more and more convinced that we have in the book of Exodus a set of contem porary documents which, in the main, are the same to-day as they were in the time when they were written. I will not attempt a graphic description of the entire history, but will content myself with two or three facts which will help my readers, as they have helped me, to under stand it. FBESH FACTS. 1\. We know now the starting place of the host. The city called Rameses, built as a treasure city by the great Pharaoh, has been discovered and by innumerable inscriptions has been proved to be a great and strong stone fortress, one of a line of defences erected against the awkward and troublesome Asiatics. It was not far from the modern cotton town of Zagazig, where the train stops for refreshments on the way to Caito from Ismailia. 2\. This discovery has been made almost certain by finding not far oS the twin city of Pitbom, with Rameses's name stamped upon the bricks, and numerous Etacues. This city was the first camping place of the fugitive host. Every schoolboy knows that if you get two points in a straight line you have no diffi culty in laying down that line. 3\. In Psalm hexviii., 12, we read of "the marvellous things that were done in Zoan," and we are led to infer thence that the court of Pharaoh was then held in that city, and not in Memphis or Thebes. That city, which now lies hidden among vast and desolate marshes, has been partially explored by Mr. Petrie, and from his description it must have been not only a very very old city bat a very great city as well, and an inexhaustible mine of anti qnarian ■wealth. So we must fill up the Bible etory by picturing the two old men, Moses and Aaron, going continually backwards and for wards between the tents and houses of Israel, which lay all along the modern line of railway, and Zoan, which was about 30 miles to the north. If the court was being held at Bubastis the distance would be even less. 4\. A few years ago a geological expedition was sent out under Professor Hull to examine all those parts. He has discovered and proved that the land at Suez is rising. The rate is not great, not so great as that which threatens great Melbourne, and will make it an in land town in the course of a thousand years. It is barely a foot in a century, but when we come to talk of what took place 30 centuries ago, that slow upheaval must) count for something. The district through which the canal passes is low, sandy, and marshy, and if we conceive of the land as being 25 or 30 ft. lower down than it now is, we must take into account that the sea ran in shallow swamps far inland, that the isthmus was very much narrower than it now is, and that it was a much more difficult task to slip out of Egypt into the desert, than it is to-day, j 5\. We must also remember the terrible disaster -of the death of the firstborn. I have already said a great deal about the prolonged ceremonies and superstitious care connected with the dead. The days of mourning were by no means confined to the royal limit of fashionable European Courts. Mummies could not be made in a day. It took about 70 days at least to get through the funeral rites. With so many notable victims on hand the embalmers most have had their bands fall. This helps us to understand how the Israelites were able to maT?*ia* their host, how they were enabled to complete their enormous pre parations, and corrects the impression which we so easily form, that all the events of the Exodus took place in one night. THE PASSAGE OF THE SEA. Everything now falls into its place. Pharaoh was 30 miles away grieving over his only son. Along the valley of Goshen the Israelites were busy. Their meeting place was Barneses, where most of the host would assemble. Their inarch for the first two days brought them into the district of Snocotn, not far from Pithom. Thus far they had got when Pharaoh, taking alarm at their departure, comes down from the north. He has his chosen chariot force of 600 with him, his bodyguard, his ornamental lifeguard, but bis proper army was mostly away at the extreme north-east. He comes hurrying down, but the Israelites had been moving on to Etham. If Pharaoh had not been on their heeis they would have gone on east, and been in the desert in a few hours, but they would have left their rear open. So the pillar of cloud moves south, and they come to Pihahirotb. They are now, however, in, a worse fix than ever. The low sand dunes rise high on their right. The swamp of reeds is on their left curving round in such a way as to shut them in. They seem hopelessly at the mercy of the enraged monarch and his furious charioteers. But " man's extremity is God's opportunity." The winds and the storms obey His behests. A strong east wind sweeps the " eeaof -weeds " dry, driving the waters upward and downward. The ground though called "dry" was oozy, and the pillar of fire leads the host forward into the won drous ford. The Egyptians are upon them. In the soft sandy mud "the chariot wheels drave heavily." The footmen have the advantage over the mounted veterans. The storm beats in the faces of the pursuers. The mornin dawns upon Israel safe upon the eastern shore, ana the changed wind brings the waters back {upon the puzzled soldiery, and they are lost in the sea. The eastern shore rings to the anthem of liberty,'sung for the first time in the history of the world; the western shore is plunged into a new disgrace, and a deeper gloom than even that of the death of the first born. TVHAT BECAME OF FHARAOH? And what became of* Pharaoh? The Israelites do not seem to have known. All that they saw was that the army was engulfed, and not a single Egyptian had landed on the desert shore. Whether any escaped by retreat they could.not learn, and perhaps did not care to enquire. We know that this Pharaoh was an old man; that he was not a brave man; that be preferred to do his deeds of valor by proxy ; that on a previous occasion he had run away from battle because the gods forbad him to go into danger. My readers will not be sur prised, therefore, to learn that we know a good deal of his subsequent life, and that he was buried in his own tomb in the Valley of the Kings after the lapse of a few sad years over clouded with the shadow of so many disasters. But I must not dismiss Merempthah with such a short and scant notice as this. His subse quent history has for us a moat romantic in terest. Till I was enabled to trace it I felt that the noetic climax of the Exodus had been Bpoilt,when Ileamed that Pharaoh had not been drowned but had run away. But now the climax, though very different, is marvellously touching. This Pharaoh was not a great builder. He has left not a single notable edifice, but he bad a curious habit of making use of the temples andstatuesof other Pharaohs for his own purpose. We have a great number of inscrip tions which carry us back to his reign. They are to be found at Zoan, at Thebes, at Susili?, and many other places. They are not well done, and often have been co hurriedly exe cuted that one can read the inscriptions of other Pharaohs beneath his. They are of in tense interest, however. They show as the broken-hearted old man recording here, there, and everywhere bis mourning for his only son. After the Exodus life was empty for him. What was a doable crown to an old man too feeble to bear ite burden, and with no son to encceed him ? At first we see him and bis queen thus grieving, bat after a while the queen appears no mare, and we must picture this haughty Pharaoh as a lonely desolate old man with no one at hand to comfort him, and tormented with a grief which is indeed pitiable. I select two of these inscriptions for more detailed description, and am glad that I am able to have them reproduced in a visible form. They will probably be new to most of my readers, and to those who are students of the Bible are of wondrous interest. I take these illustrations from an article by Mr. Pain in the Century Magazine for September, 1889, to which lam largely indebted. They are selected out of several which mutually corroborate each other. | Far up the valley the Nile flows through a narrow gorge. Here the rocks close in upon the stream as though they would dam it up, as indeed they once did. The famous sand stone cf which the temples of Thebes were built was obtained here. The quarries whence the blocks were cut were of immense extent, and the visitor may wander bewildered among their remains. It became a habit of the Pharaohs to make use of the smooth rock faces left by the quarrymen for pictures and insorip- j tions. Some of these are nearly as old as the pyramids, but those of the Nineteenth Dynasty are the most numerous, and, to us, the most instructive. Our first illustration repre sents Merempthah making offerings to the gods. , It is in two registers, or stories. In the lower ' one you will see Merempthah, crowned with the mitre crown, offering a sphinx, or the symbol of hope in death, to Horns the god of life, and Ma the goddess of truth. Win name is over his head. He is accompanied by a young man j bearing a fan, and if we read the list of titles over bis head we find it to be "heir to the tin-one, royal secretary, chief of the soldiers, the royal son of his body j begotten, beloved of his father." There is no . name given, but this youth is followed by his j "ka," or his " double," or his "astral self," or his "ghost," indicating that he was dead. Behind him is an old prime minister, a great friend of Merempthah's, called Nehesi, also dead. Now this shows us that the prince was dead before his father, and also that ne was an only son, no living brother being found to take his place. Now look at the upper half of the picture. Again you have the same Pharaoh presenting an image to two of the gods. Be- ! hind him this time is his queen, and you may read her name, Isinefert, and behind her is once more the same firstborn son, with all his i titles, only this time the name is added— " Seti Merempthah, gone among the justified." j From which we learn that when that rock was : inscribed the old man was alive, his queen was alive, but his son was dead, and his old friend Nehesi too, bnt be seems to hope that Nehesi, the friend of the great Ramesee, will befriend the lad in the next world at the judgment of Osiris. Those j who have themselves wept tears of sorrow over I the death of a promising son, or over some brilliant youth suddenly called away, may ! imagine the depths of tenderness, the agony of grief, which that quaint old picture gives us in illustration of the story of onr Bibles. AX rATEBESTING TABLET. The next illustration is still more curious, and gives us a deeper insight into the hidden background of history which we are trying to penetrate. It is called "The tablet of four hundred years." The original of this tablet is safe somewhere, so safe that no one can find it. It was found at Zoan, where Merempthah was living at the time of the plagues. Mons. Marriette found it when excavating there. He read it and copied it, and then was so afr>id lest it should be injured, or broken up, or atolen, that he buried it again. It was originally in the inmost shrine of the great temple there; where it is now no one can say, for Mons. Marriette died shortly afterwards and carried the secret with him to the world of AmentL To us who are uninitiated it does not seem very attractive, but its interpretation is like a new comment on several totally distinot and separate passages in the Bible. It represents the great Bamefl?, the father of Merempthah, offering wine to his deceased ancestor—Aa-pefr peh or Aphophis. Our temperance friends may object to this part [of the inscription, font reads that Barneses is "giving wine to his beloved god that he may make him a giver of life," but let them consider who this beloved god is, and they will forget the dangerous color of the wine when it in red. This god is bin great human forefather, Aphophis, who was no other than Joseph's Pharaoh, and with whom Barneses claims kinship, and who is now among the justified in Osiris. That is the first point;; but more interesting is the seventh line, which says that this tablet was put up in the 400 th year on the 4th day of the month Mesori, after this Pharaoh had gone among the gods. Now, we all know how much dispute there has been among Bible readers as to whether the Israelites were 430 years, or 215 years, in Egypt Some passages eeem to count the 400 years from Abraham, and some from Jacob's going down into Egypt. Here it is settled for us. From the end of the reign of Joseph's patron to some year in Bameses's reign is_ 400 years, which gives us," within narrow limits of error, the same period that the Bible does for the sojourn of the children of Jacob in the land of bondage. The Egyptians were bad chronologers, and this priceless tablet is a great help in settling dates. After this my readers will be anxious to examine this "stone which cries out" so curiously, but before looking at it X must note another feature of thin marvellous tablet. We see 12 lines of uniting and two pictures on the tablet The lines 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 seem ' to have nothing to do with what goes before. The two pictures also are quite distinct. To make a long story short, the small picture and the last five lines are the work of Merempthah, while the others are the work of bis father Barneses. He either found space ready for him, or he mani pulated the monument to serve hia pur pose, and saved the expense and trouble of getting such a large stone for himtwlf- This, as I have already said, was a very common practice with him, and in this particular in stance we are glad he has been so economical. Now when we look at the second picture, un luckily we see a portrait without a head, which has been broken off. We can, however, easily imagine the bead to be there. It is no other than that of '• the heir to the throne, the fan bearer at the king's right hand, theoomm&ider; of the archers, royal scribe, general of the cavalry, &c;, &c;" And thai it goes on to give his name, "the Prince Seti, deceased, bom of the lady of the house, the princest deceased." I say it is a portrait of this interesting prince that is here broken, or rather of his double, his ghost, his "ka," who is already in Osiris, and has already joined the god Set, after whom he was named, and to whom this ghost of royalty prays " Grant thou me a long time in thy ser vice to follow thy person." Now as we look at this monument let as note what it suggests. It was erected in the very town where the young man died. His mother is by this time also dead. His father (now an old man) records, on tins tablet of his own father, how his son has gone to join the grand father in his mystic reception among the gods. THE GROWTH OF FBEEDOM. This is the last record of this king. He him self died not long afterwards, leaving a sad heritage of confusion and anarchy to nis suc cessors. The glory of Egypt waned into obscurity under that unhappy man, who defied the living God and contended so obstinately against the cry of his subjects for freedom. That battle between him and Moses is typical of a grander conflict which has been going on ever since, and will go on, till every band of I slaves shall have followed the cloud banner of j Uoses into that spiritual liberty which is man's inspired birthright That battle once begun . cannot cease till oppression kisses the dust, i for God is on the side of the weak. The war- ! fare may seem to us to progress slowly, but the : eye of divine wisdom looks out from the pillar > of cloud and directs the hosts as HewflL In ' the fulness of time, and not before, came He i who is a greater champion even than Moses— j our divine master. Again, in the f alness of ; time, Europe burst asunder the chains of i superstition, and in spite of inquisitorial : torments,andprisons,andbaUsEaidshewonldbe • free. Again, in the fulness of time, a small ■ band of exiles left old England for a new \ England over the waves, seeking nought save : freedom to worship God, and from that small ; exodus has arisen the mighty popular empire of the States of America. Yet again, in the right time, in our own days, a new group of loyal and obedient and ' liberty-loving peoples has been formed in ! these southern seas, and we have to take our j part in conserving and developing the germs of > national freedom which have been planted I here. And as we thank our God for all our blessings, let as never forget that under Him we, and all the world, owe to that grand in- I spued man, Moees the Hebrew, all the liberty ! we possess and all the hopes of a more perfect j freedom which are involved in our developed i Christian faith. Christianity is the world's i charter of a holy liberty, signed and sealed by j the mediatorial King of Heaven, just as the ' legislation of Moses was the Magna Cbarta j of the children of Israel. { i THK MOUBNIVG PHARAOH. I TWO PICTDBES IN ONE, 