THE MERCURY. HOBART: WEDNESDAY, NOV. 2, 1892. EPITOME OF NEWS. The Bellerive Institute Exhibition continues to-day. The Densem Company at the Theatre Royal this evening. Mr. Malcolm Johnston's concert at the Temperance Hall on the 14th inst Cottony cushion scale found in two Latrobe gardens by Government Entomologist. His Excellency the Governor will probably leave Tasmania for England early in December next. Wesleyan Sunday-schools Industrial Exhibition at Mechanics' Hall will be open as in to-day. Body of lad, Hugh Archer, drowned at the Cataract Gorge, Launceston, in June last, found floating in the Tamar yesterday. Sale of odds and ends at the Bellerive Institute in aid of the building debt on De- ember?. Entries close this evening at 10 o'clock for the Mercantile Regatta, at Beltana, on the 9th inst. Mrs. Soltau, Colonial President of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, cordially welcomed at Temperance Hall yesterday. \---------------------------------------------- London wheat market dropping. Fifty lives lost by floods in Mexico. Cholera epidemic still prevalent in Europe. Broken Hill strike agitators still obstinate. United States Government pleading for mercy to imprisoned dynamiters. Two Atlantic liners overdue a week. Fears entertained of disaster during recent gales. French war vessel Surcouf has arrived at Melbourne. Hypnotism utilised in San Francisco to detect crime. New P. and O. steamer Australia has done 19 knots on her trial trip. Japanese Government joining in exercising restrictions against sealers. National Bank of Australasia has declared 12½ per cent, dividend. Portuguese peasants plundering wreck of steamer Roumania. Political riot in North Carolina ; five lives lost. South Australian Customs revenue showing a marked improvement. Rain yesterday spoiled the Flemington course, and lessened the attendance. Lancashire cotton spinners favour eight hours' labour legislation. Race horse Ormonde sold to Californian purchaser for £28,000. Liberator Building Society owes £3,300,000. Official receiver reports disgraceful financing. New Zealand and Australasia Land Co. pays 3 per cent. dividend. French in Dahomey have utterly routed the native army. British Cabinet discussing Home Rule. Question of Royal veto on Irish laws a knotty problem. Petition is being signed at Broken Hill for release of conspiracy leaders now in Deniliquin gaol. Sir George Dibbs has refused to receive any deputation at Parliament House demand- ing release of the Broken Hill strike leaders. United States electors arousing from their apathy and bestirring themselves over the Presidential election. Prince Bismarck is giving offence by assert- ing that Russia could easily occupy Stam- boul in defiance of the European Powers. Salvation Army question the genuineness of Lord Onslow's sudden interest in " General" Booth's social scheme. Pall Mall Gazette and Globe join with other London papers in approval of result of Broken Hill conspiracy trials. New Zealand Shipping Co. made £33,300 profit during the past half-year, and has purchased a 7,000-ton cargo steamer. Gorgeous historical pageant at Wettenberg. Emperor and Empress of Germany present and Duke of York. Wet Melbourne Cup day. Great event won by outsider, Glenloth, with Ronda second, Penance third. Thirty-six horses started. Queensland Crown Law officers are about to prosecute Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons (Limited) for alleged evasion of Dividend Duty Act. ================================ In the House of Assembly yesterday, The Supplementary Appropriation Bill, 1891 and 1892, was read a second time and passed all other stages. The Land Tax Act Amendment Bill was read a second time and partly considered in committee. The Customs Duties Bill was also taken in committee, several clauses being postponed for reconsideration. \- A length; discussion took place on the retrenchment proposals of the Government, when the House went into Committee of Supply to consider the estimates of expendí-' ture for the year. Eventually progress was reported to allow the items to be taken successively. The Governor's Salary Reduction Bill was accordingly taken and read a second time. In committee the salary, fixed by the Government at £4,003, was reduced by £1,000. At 11,30 p.m. the House adjourned. The proposal to reduce the duty on kerosene acted on members last night in the Assembly like the proverbial red rag on the bull. By degrees the discussion developed into a review of the financial position of the colony, as it was, as it is, and as it is to be. We do not know what particular value is to be attached to the opinions expressed in the course of the debate, for we have seen so many falsified, whether they happened to be favourable or otherwise, that we are not inclined to pay much attention to what was said. We should have been disposed to attach some weight to the opinion of the ex-TitEASUHEii in regard to the future of our finances, did we not suspect that he is prejudiced by the curious and common desire to make things as bad as possible, just as " all looks yellow to the jaundiced eye." It was impossible not to discern, from the very attitude and exclamations of those who sit on the front Opposition bench, that there was a great deal of feeling in the remarks made, which did not appear altogether commendable in dealing with so grave a matter as that of the future financial position of this colony. We can only hope that the ex-TitEASuitER's doleful expectations will prove to be incorrect, whilst as regards the member for Westbury, who was "all in the downs " as usual, we need only say that we have heard his melancholy tales before and found that they were eminently suited for the marines. As a matter of fact, it has happened that when he was most convinced of hideous ruin and combustion the colony advanced rapidly in prosperity, so that we may indulge a modest hope that this time, too, he may prove to be but the forerunner of a most desirable change. There were members last night who predicted an early resort to an income tax as a dire necessity ; there were others who regarded it as a most desirable impost to impose ; while others wanted succession duties on realty, and seemed to think that such a tax would do all sorts of wonderful things. Certainly, we may say again, as we have said before, that if the people could be got to accept direct taxes they would fail more fairly than many that are now imposed ; but, so far, the people kick against these taxes, no matter what may be the theoretical arguments in their favour. Moreover, it may be as well for sundry members who, clamour somewhat loudly for these taxes in Parliament, to remember that they presuppose a readjustment of taxation. If we insist on pursuit) g in this colony, as they have constantly pursued in the others, the system of piling on taxes at the Customs for protective purposes, it is hopeless to look for any fair system of direct taxation. If people are to be taxed directly they will be certain to refuse to be taxed indirectly and most heavily, and this is the main reason why in these colonies there has been hitherto so little rational direct taxation. The protective system, as it has developed in these colonies, and especially in Victoria, gives Treasurer after Treasurer a free hand to pile on Customs duties, of which they have never failed to take advantage. The business at present appears to be quite beyond the reach of argument. The people seem to like it, the Treasurers certainly like it, whilst the Protectionists, as a body, find satisfaction in seeing duties piled up until, as in Victoria, they actually reach 50 per cent. What is the use of talking about perfect or even of reasonably consistent systems of taxation in the face of such facts as these ? As a rule everywhere the whole business is but a scramble amongst a lot of people who want something for themselves, so that Treasurers find their profit in humouring first one and then the other, the result being that the tariffs which are framed might have been made by chance, or by some madman working " without an object or an aim. Some years ago, when the Jeremiah of the House, amongst whom were some who still wear the prophetic mantle, prophesied all sorts of woes, we took occasion to point out that there was no reason to believe that they could see further into the millstone than other folks We proved to be right. Instead of the woes predicted, the colony advanced in wealth and in general development, and it became strangely enough, the lot of one of these Jeremiahs to drain the prosperity to the dregs and leave a legacy of trouble to his successor" in the office. He has now gone back to his old business, aided and abetted by the most doleful Jimmy of them all, the member for Westbury, who has not, however, this time, so far, reached to the depths of woe to which he attained some years since. We confess that we do not feel quite so confident now as we did in days gone by, because since then the expenditure of the colony has largely increased, and we find that we are compelled to carry on our business on a larger scale. We are not, we admit, quite sure that the industrial advance of the colony has quite kept pace with the development of our Government, but, on the other hand, it must not be forgotten that a wild system of extravagant expenditure has been allowed to grow up which will have to be permanently retrenched. It is, therefore, somewhat difficult to get at precisely what is the condition of the colony, but we think that we may say that if proper economy is observed, in place of rash expenditure, there does not appear to be any reason why the finances should not be soon placed in a sound position. All our difficulties arise from attempting to do too much. The business of the colony has been carried on in a manner which was beyond its capacity. No allowance was made for possible, for certain, we may say, reactions, but it was assumed that we could keep the financial steam at the same pressure, even though it was always at almost bursting point. It must be evident, we think, that for a Ministry which has a free hand and is resolved to make both ends meet, there remains yet a great deal to be done. In doing what is required we may have to abate our pretensions somewhat, even as our friends across the Straits find that they have to do, but no rational person will venture to say that a great deal cannot be done to put things on a more stable and reasonable footing than they have been for some considerable time past. Then, we have to consider whether the industrial outlook is really so bad as we are asked to believe. Can it be that we are drifting from bad to worse, that 1893 is to be worse than 1892, whilst 1894 is to prove a sort of culmination of our woes? We decline to accept the picture, the more especially as it is painted by those dreary artists on the Opposition side who have splashed on the dark shades so many times before. We shall not venture to say that we are sure that there will be an early revival ' of industry, but this much we do say, that work is now going on which cannot but increase surely and rapidly the wealth of this colony. There is more real mining work now being done than for years previously, whilst all the signs point to a large development of our mineral resources. Apart from this, the very reductions that are being made in various directions are adding to the power to pursue certain branches of industry, the effect of which can hardly fail to be felt within the next two years. We think, therefore, that the outlook is not so dark as we are asked to believe, but that there' is a reasonable prospect of the finances being put in order without any further heroic sacrifices. The note of separation between the Governor, Sir Robert Hamilton, and this colony has at last been struck rather suddenly, though the news that it is now only a question of a few weeks before he and Lady Hamilton leave those shores will hardly cause any astonishment in the public mind. It has long been common talk that Sir Robert's term of office expired in March next, and, as it has been the custom hitherto that the duration of governor, ships have not been pursued to the bitter end, it was not supposed that he would remain in the colony till that month. In harmony with the usual practice of the Colonial Office, a cablegram was received yesterday, in reply to a communication sent by the Governor some weeks ago, intimating that the lease asked for by him had been granted, extending for the rest of his period of service on half-pay. Sir Robert intends to at once avail himself of the privilege accorded him and to make arrangements for immediately leaving, with Lady Hamilton, for England, the probable date of their departure being early in December next. The Chief Justice, Sir Lambert Dobson, will, as usual, be sworn in and act as Deputy Governor until Sir Robert's successor is appointed. The Private Secretary, Mr. Robinson, will also leave Tasmania at the time mentioned, but will remain for some months longer in Australia transacting private business. Mr. Tarleton would have very little difficulty in obtaining the extra amount of pension which he is now taking from Parliament it the services he his rendered to the colony were the only matters that had to be considered. The statement of his career, as prepared by himself and supported by testimonials of the highest character, shows that he has done half a century's service to the colony which very few men have been able to boast of, and if that were all that had to be taken in account he might with come hope of success persevere in his claim to retire on full s salary as Mr. WmTfcFooitu did. Unfortunately for Mr. Tarleton there are other things to be weighed in the balance, amongst which is the paramount duty, which is especially at the pi sent time thrust upon the Government, of guarding the public revenue against unusual to clara of all kinds, and of abstaining from setting up precedents which may be made the basis of further raids upon the Treasury chest. Mr. Tarleton, in fact, allows the latter to be the case by founding his own claim upon what was conceded to Mr. John' Whitefoord, and it is quite easy to imagine a whole sheaf of subsequent applications, more or less on all fours with these two, coming before the present or future Ministries, unless a stand is made. It is not undervaluing Mr. TAELKTON'sservioes, nor the length of his tenure of his various offices, to say that the £400 to which he is entitled will be a very liberal provision for the colony to make for his old age and retirement, where the best wishes of the people will follow him. What the late Ministry proposed to do in the matter is no guide for the wisdom of future action in Para ment. The Bill now before the Assembly to amend the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1844, proposes to repeal section 42 of that Act, and substitute another deuuiug what securities trust funds may be invested in at the discretion of trustees, visited. In debentures or Treasury bills issued by the Government of Tasmania. 2. In debentures, thein'errat upon which is or may he guaranteed by the Government of Tasmania. 3. In debentures issued by the Government of any of the Aub tralian colonies or of New Zealand. 4. In stocks or funds of-the British Government, or of which interest is guaranteed by the British Government or by any Act of the Imperial Parliament. 5. On mortgage of real estate in Tasmania. 6. On mortgage of leasehold estate in Tasmania held for terms of not less than two hundred years. 7. On fixed deposit at interest in any bank in Tasmania. Power is given trustees to call in trust funds invested in any securities other than those now mentioned, and to invest the same in any of such securities, and to vary any such investments in addition to the power to invest trust money (if any) given by the instrument creating the trust. This section applies to trusts created either be fore or after the commencement of the Act, and all trust money invested by trustees at the passing of this Act in any of the ives mente mentioned will be deemed to have been invested under the provisions of the section. The axemen's festival, which is to take place at Latrobe at the end of the present month, has assumed quite an international aspect, owing to the large prizes offered and the extensive way in which it has been advertised. Attention has already been called to the way in which American firms have noticed the gathering, by offering additional prizes to be awarded in some of the contests, and now we have news of an intended despatch of a party of competitors from New Zealand, who are expected to do great feats in upholding the prowess of the axemen and sawyers of that colony. By a Southland contemporary, a copy of which came to hand yesterday, it seems that this party of specialists in timber cutting really come as delegates from the land they live in, their expenses having been publicly provided out of the receipts from a sports meeting held at Invercargill, at which some splendid chopping and sawing was done by the men selected. Of course the times made cannot be compared with Tasmanian records, as it is not stated what wood was used, but the meeting of these cracks with our own champions is bound to be highly interesting. It is to be hoped that all the best axemen in this colony will be found among the entries for the great Latrobe gathering, and among the competitors on the great day of trial. Vice-Regal. It will interest our readers to know that His Excellency Sir Robert Hamilton intends to avail himself of the privilege of taking a few months leave of absence before his term of office expires in March next, and that he will probably leave Tasmania for England early in December.' A Boon to the Northern dozen men bers of Parliament, hailing from the North of the island, were brought South to per- form their legislative duties by special train which left Launceston at 20 minutes to noon and arrived in Hobart at 20 minutes to 6 o'clock. A few of the general public were also accommodated in the special, which was more in the nature of an experiment than anything else, and meant to meet the wishes of some of the members who wanted to be present at the whole of the evening sitting. Ministers have not yet decided to make specials ordinary luxuries. Should they do so, the concession will probably be accompanied with the condition that the members should perform the whole of their Tuesday's duties, and not merely put in an evening's appearance. A Point of Law Attention has been drawn to the fact that the Chief Justice was slightly in error in delivering judgment in the case Harris and. Mulcahy, in which the decision of the Licensing Bench at Zeehan was concerned. His Honor assumed, in his statement of facts, that a portion of the hotel in which license to sell was granted had been left standing after the fire, but this was not the case. The destruction was complete, and it was in a lean-to erected for the purpose that the sale was continued. As, however, this was not the point on which His Honor reversed the decision of the Justices and cancelled the permit to sell, the substantial result of the appeal will not be interfered with. Tiik Melbourne Ccp.-Apparently the betting erase, rather than a devoted interest in turf matters, induced large crowds to con- gregate in the vicinity of the Telegraph Office yesterday afternoon awaiting the result of the Melbourne Cup. When the news arrived there were few joyful countenances to be seen, an omen that an outrider had pulled of the most important event run on Australasian racecourses. As far as the weather was concerned, it was another Asayiiau'a year, and in the market odds about the winner it was on a par with Arsenals victory six years ago. Glenloth, who yesterday appropriated the £1,000 stake provided by the Victoria Racing Club, ruled among the half-score " friendless " candidates, and his starting price was 50 to 1, albeit the wet weather would proclaim it anybody's race. The equine here of the hour was nominated in the name of Mr. M. Carmody, a trainer well-known in Northern Tasmania, he having been located there with strings of horses for some time. Glenloth was purchased by his party as a well-performed up-country nag, who might and did win four or five races on suburban courses in Victoria, but a Melbourne Cup would not be considered within his grasp. However, he was paid up for, and, aided by the going, he has effected one of the greatest surprises yet experienced in the big two-mile event at Flemington. The Melbourne Cup winner of 1892 is a five year-old brown horse by Gleninarkie, from The Gem, by Mute, her durn Cameo, by Gladstone, from Jet, by Quicksilver, from Moss Rose, by Little John, from Termagant, by Rubens (imp.), from Miss Fin (imp.), from Curiosity, by Buffalo (imp.), from Ede la(mp.), strains of blood that happen in most of the cracks that have been raised this side of the Straits. Glenloth are, Glennmrkie, is an imported horse, bred in England, and got by Lord De by (son of Prime Minister), from Queen of Scotland, by Dundee Audrey, by Stock- well from As You'Xike It, by Touchstone, The field this year numbered two more than when Malvolio won a twelvemonth back, and three less than in Carbine's year. With the latter single exception it was the most numerous that had ever contested the event, The time is the slowest since The Assyrian won 10 years ago, and Robson, who steered Glenloth, rode his first winter in the Melbourne Cup. Ronda, who ran second, is an almost unknown Sydney-owned maiden 3yr. old, by Trenton Mona, and Penance, the third horse, carried the colours of Bravo'a rider three years previously. The Cup of '92 will be memorable for the victory of a real outsider, while the Victorian national holiday will not recall any pleasant recollections in consequence of the disturbing elements that prevailed. Revolver Siiootimj. - A somewhat peculiar case of revolver practice sums under the notice of the Melbourne police about midnight on Saturday last. A young man named Robert Thorpe has been for sums little time past the proprietor of an oyster saloon in Nicholson-street and at the time mentioned the report of a pistol shot was distinctly heard by those who were abroad in the immediate neighbourhood. Constable Quinlan, on interviewing Thorpe, could not obtain a very lucid statement from him, other than that a young man known as " Sefton," or "Jock," about 30 years of age, had attempted to pay addresses to Thorpe's wife, and being interfered with had drawn a small revolver. Thorpe, recognising the fact that it was better, under the existing state of affairs, to be absent, immediately decamped, and received a shot in his back. He evinced considerable reluctance to give to the police a clear statement of what actually transpired, and much against his will was received into the Melbourne Hospital, where efforts were made to (extract the bullet from his back. A small revolver was handed to Constable Manley by Mrs. Thorpe, who said it belonged to herself, and 'was strangely enough found upon the floor of the sitting-room, the inference being that the assaulting Party, had possessed himself of the weapon and fired at Thorpe. A youth named Frank Parker, a recent arrival in the colony, and who is a boarder at Thorpe's house was, it is stated, the first to hear the shot. Thorpe has only recently emerged from gaol after doing a sentence of a month's imprisonment in default of paying a Que of 250 imposed upon his wife for sly grog-selling. Bolt. Last evening a pair of horses, belonging to a cabman named Moore, bolted from Wellington-street into Letitia-street, where the cab was overturned. Moore, who was on the bar at the time, was badly cut about. The cab was smashed up, but the horses were only slightly injured. Hutchins School Sports. Entries for the Old Scholars' Race in' connection with the Hutchins School athletic sports, to be held on November 16 are to be sent in to-morrow to the secretary, Mr.' W, E. Buck- land ' ' The Homeward Mails The mails for England which left here on September 26 last were delivered in London on Monday, 31st ult. "The Church News The announcement is made that the Bishop will probably return to Hobart about the 15th Inst., and preparations are being made to welcome him by the clergy and laity. Mrs. Montgomery, who arrived on the 22nd nil. from England, has already given the readers of the Church News an account of her travels, which the ladies will doubtless especially appreciated. The Bishop, speaking at Auck- land on the existing system of electing the Primate, suggests that even America may furnish the man we need for the, position. Walch's Literary Intelligencer -The number of this publication for November contains a very well-considered essay on Tennyson, by Ernest Hawthorne. The writer has", evidently very carefully studied his author, but has found, probably, that it requires distance of time to enable an accurate estimate to be made of a great writer, especially when he happens to be a great thinker. We commend the essay to all interested in thoughtful criticisms on the works of the great poet who has just passed away. All Saints' Church. The special door nation services commenced yesterday in the parish church of All Saints' were largely attended. Choral Communion was celebrated at half-past 7 in the morning by the Rev. S. Bucknell, assisted by the Rev. F. Copeland, Winchester's Service in F being impressively sung by the choir. Morning prayer and Litany followed at 11 o'clock. At 7.30 p.m. full choral) evensong was held. This service was essentially a musical one, and the singing throughout was particularly good. Dr. Stainer's " What are these arranged in white robes," was the anthem, and in the singing of this composition, as well as in Mr. T. J. Haywood's setting of the Canticles, the choristers displayed very efficient training. Processional and other hymns and the granting of special psalms were also included in the service, the congregation joining heartily in these. The sermon was preached by Dean Dundas from the text " And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints." Rev. chop, xix , verse 8. The offertories were in aid of the Parochial Stipend Fund. The following clergymen were present at this service : - Dean Dundas, Canon Finnis, Rev S. Bucknell, A. Wayn, G. W. Shoobridge, Chas. Vaughan, G. A. Breguet, Hobbs, H. H. Anderson, F. Copeland, F. Plant. The altar was beautifully adorned with a large white cross of exotics, and four large bouquets, two large bowls of arum lilies flanking the altar on either side, the testing, "I believe in the Communion of Saints," being in the background. St. Mark's, Bellerive The Sunday school children in connection with the above place of worship held their first exhibition of home industries last evening at the Bellerive Institute. The opening ceremony was per- formed d by the Rev. Rhodes Hall, incumbent of St, Mark's. The room was crowded soon after the exhibition was declared open. Exhibits in all classes were well represented. The decoration! were noteworthy, and reflected great taste on the part of those who had arranged them. To the superintendent and teachers of the school was allotted the somewhat difficult task of making all arrangements, and they are to be congratulated upon the successful result of their labours. The young people entered heartily into the spirit of the thing, and appeared to appreciate; the effort of the promoters of the Exhibition on their behalf. A number of pictures and works of art were 1 aned from the private collections by residents in the neighbourhood, and these tended to heighten the pleasing effect of the room. Among the exhibits were fancy and plain needlework, plants, cut flowers, and vegetables, and excellent cookery, such by puddings, scones, macaroons, 'etc. Models of yachts, carpentry and cabinet work, well tended pets, and neat drawing and handwriting. In most instances the care taken by the children in their exhibits was very creditable, Two model steam engines at work attracted a great deal of interest. The exhibition was made of an entertaining as well as instructive character by competitive essays, singing, music, and elocution. It will be continued to-day, opening at 3.30 p.m. A sale of pot plants will also take place. Lecture to Women Lady Hamilton gave a lecture to women only last evening in St. George's schoolroom, Battery Point. There was a crowded attendance, women of all classes being present. Her ladyship dwelt principally upon the high value and importance of proper diet and personal attention, physical and muscular exercises, and the hygienic precautions which should receive proper attention at various periods of life, She also showed the absolute necessity of cleanliness in the home, and thereat put played by sanitation and ventilation when carried out properly so far as they affect the individual and public health. General valuable hints and suggestions were thrown out so as to enable her bearers to gain a robust constitution and keep it. A short exposition of the use of the triangular bandage was given, and Lady Hamilton did much in a few words to simplify the handling of this useful article. Various parts of the body supposed to be injured were bandaged before the eyes of the audience, and most useful directions were given during the demonstration. At the conclusion Lady Hamilton was accorded well earned applause for her most useful and instructive lecture. Women'sChristianTempeuanck Union. The Temperance Bull was in full use yesterday and wore a festive appearance, being decorated as a drawing room for two recep- tions. That in the afternoon was arranged by the members of the Women's Christian Temperance Union to welcome their colonial president, Mrs Soltau, from Launceston. After some words of greeting from two or three voices Mrs. Soltau responded, and spoke for some time on the general work of the W.C.T.U. Starting from the words, " There is yet very much land to be possessed," Mrs. Soltau dilated on a few of the 40 departments of active work which are taken up by the Union. The speaker's light to impress her audience with the idea that the white ribbon as superior to the blue ribbon on the ground that their work is positive in its character, and that not content with saying " Don't drink," it lays before every woman the duties and prive legion of her sex, and that the greatest of these is home making. Mrs. Tuckfield gave a touching account of the destitution and misery which she had met with in Port Melbourne, and of the efforts made by the Women's Union there to relieve it An executive meeting followed for the appointment of colonial officers. Y.M.C.A. Our advertising columns announce the monthly gospel temperance meeting to be held by this Association in the Temperance Hall. These meetings are always to the fore with first-class programmes, and there is no doubt that next Saturday's will be fully up to, and even above, the average. The Rev. J. T. Piercey is to preside, and it is expected that the various temperance bodies will muster in good numbers. Lecturette by Mrs. Doyle - A loo- j turrets will be delivered by Mrs Nugent Doyle at the Town Hall on the 7th April, under the patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and Lady. Hamilton entitled, " A Woman's Thoughts About Tennyson. The speaker will be assisted by several ladies and gentlemen who have given their services for the occasion, and who will deliver recitations, songs, and other items, including limelight pictures of Port's "Idylls of the King." Miss Roper will act as pianist. Promenade Concert A vocal and instrumental promenade concert will be given this evening at the Exhibition-building by the City Band. A popular programme has been arranged. Mr. J. Bellamy will sing "The skipper and "The beacon," and Mr. D. Donovan's numbers will be "Old granny" and "Going to the Derby." Mr. J Beaumont will also exhibit his Royal Marionettes. In consequence of dull times the admission fee will bead. Entertainment A musical and dramatic entertainment will be given at the Tasmanian Hall to-night, under the patronage of Lady Hamilton. Part, will consist of the farce Ici on park Francais, and the second part will be occupied with a " Shadow pantomime concluding with a weird dance. Mr. F. M. Hudspeth and Dr. P. K. O'Brien are the managers. ; St. John Baptist's Club's meeting of members of St. John Baptist's Club will be held this evening at 8 o'clock in the school- room, when the Rev. F. H. Plant will deliver a lecture entitled " Ghosts." Fun on the Bristol." The Curlew Club will stage the popular comedy seen on the bride at the Oddfellows' Hall, New Norfolk, this evening. Mercantile Regatta. Competitors are reminded that the entries for this regatta close this evening at the Ship Hotel between the hours of 8 and 10 o'clock. Kingston Sports. Notification is given that acceptances for the Kingston sports will close on the 4th inst. In addition to the usual business of the day a district hack race and a district trot will be run off on post entries. The sports will be held , on, the Prince of Wales Birthday. Court of Requests.- The following is a list of cases set down for hearing before the Commissioner in the Court of Requests, £10 Jurisdiction, to be held at the Supreme Court, Macquarie-street, on Thursday, 3rd just., commencing at 10 a.m. Dobson and Crs. v. Hill, Terry v. Tetterd, Hamilton v Daly, Tolman and Crs. v. Thorpe, Rogers and Anr. v. Wharmby, Brett v. Registrar of the Court of Requests, Reading in. PearBO, Maitland ii. Rowe, Gay i>. Fitzgerald, Blacklow v. Kellohrr, Luttrell u. Mercie, Turner r. Thomson, Wells S. McKay. Crawford v. Butchers Nichols. Luttrell, Killer. Arnold, Kerr S. Page. Inquest-An inquest was held by Coroner Alexander Riddoch yesterday afternoon, upon the body of Annie Mackenzie Johnston, aged 50 years, who died suddenly on Monday. Mr. T. H. Magrath was foreman of the jury. Dr. D. H. E Lines deposed that he had made a post-mortem examination of the body and found that the cause of death was syncope Marian Johnston, sister of the deceased, stated that she saw her sister last alive at 6 o'clock on Monday morning, when she appeared to be in her usual state of health. She called deceased at about 9 o'clock in the morning, and as she obtained no response went to see what was the matter. She found deceased lying near the bathroom door in a natural position. She was not aware that her sister ever suffered from heart disease, nor was deceased herself aware of it. Medical aid was at once sent for, and Dr. Lines attended. There had not been any cause for excitement. A verdict in accordance with the medical evidence was returned by the jury. Inhuman Conducting the City Police Court yesterday a burly young fellow named William Taylor was charged at the instance of Inspector Duggan with erin Hy ill-using a horse at Lower Sandy Bay on the 22nd ult. He pleaded guilty to the charge. The circumstances of the case were of a particularly revolting nature, it transpiring that he had knocked the animal down by repeated blows over the head with the butt end of his whip, and when on the ground had kicked it over the had and month until it bled severely, Duggan said he regretted that the man had pleaded guilty, as it prohibited the calling of evidence concerning the details of the affair. There was a whole string of prior convictions recorded against Taylor, who had been already fined for cruelty. The Police Magistrate characterised him as one utterly unfit to be trusted with the care of a horse, and fined him £4, or three months in gaol. Taylor, who assumed the utmost coolness of manner during the proceedings, swaggered out of Court to the lock-up with an air of indifference. Three witnesses in the case who were not called in evidence, were allowed half a day's pay each, on the application of Mr. Duggan. The DESStM Company To-night. All arrangements were completed yesterday for the appearance at the Theatre Royal to-night of Mr. Densem, the circumstances of whose brief and unexpected visit to Hobart were stated in yesterday's issue. The management desire to express their cordial recognition of the ready courtesy and great ass stance rendered them by the officers of the Union Co.'s s.s. Talune, without which indeed these performances would not have been possible. At a moment's notice all the luggage and heavy mechanism involved in the performance, which had been stowed in the bottom of the hold, being booked through to Melbourne for transhipment to the P. and O. steamer Victoria, had to be taken out, necessitating the removal of many tons of cargo. This, nevertheless, was readily done, and so expedite us'y that all the machinery was in place at the Theatre Royal last evening when a successful rehearsal took place. The programme for to-night will be a very attractive one, and will include Mr. George Grossmith celebrated sketch, The Silver Wedding, the great feature of the famous comedian's remarkable tour at the present time in England. Apropos, it has been stated in recent English papers that Grosmith's profit from this tour will yield him £10,000, this form of entertainment having of late become a popular and fashionable craze in England. Mr. Dodboih will also to-night give his rendering of "The life boat," beautifully illustrated by novel and remarkable mechanical effects, Picco lomini's " Ora pro nobis'," will be given and illustrated in like manner. Scenes and songs of Spain, where Mr. Benson has had a distinguished career ; the beauties of the Alhambra, and a host of attractive items, give promise of a very charming and novel performance. Professor Marshall, Mr. Henry Hawkins, R A.M., and Mr. Fawcett, tenor of the Marie Hozo and Mapleson Opera Company, will also take part in the performance. As has been stated, the appearance of the company will be necessarily limited to to-night and to-morrow evening. J The prices of admission are 3s., 2s. and Is., and the box plans are at Susman's. J Presentation A pleasing little ceremony took place at the Salvation Army captain's residence on Monday night, when the captain of the No. 1 Corps, on behalf of the band, presented Mr. H. Harrison, the slide trombone player, with a silver cruet stand (subscribed for by the members of the band), on the occasion of his wedding. Mr. Harrison returned thanks, and said he always hoped to treasure the present as a memento of the career in the ranks of the Army. Tasmanian International Exhibition. It is notified elsewhere that invitations are given to architects to forward competitive designs, on or before the 10th December next, for the facade of the main Exhibition building, together with sections, details, and specifications for carrying out the ground plan. An honorarium of £50 will be paid for the design selected. Council of Agriculture The Secretary to the Council of Agriculture received a telegram from the Government Entomologist at Latrobe yesterday, which ran-" Sorry to say I But c found the dreaded cottony cushion scale in two gardens here." It is probable that this terrible pest has been introduced on some of the imported tree, though without any detailed information from the Entomologist (Rev E, H, Thompson) the Secretary cannot state that such is the case. Several years ago the cottony cushion scale (Iurya purchaser) was introduced to California on trees imported from Australia So great were the ravages of the scale on citrus trees especially that in many districts the growing of the orange and the lemon were given up At the Cape of Good Hope and at Auckland it has been very injurious, and in Nelson and Hawkes Bay it is a dreadful post on all kinds of plants. The California State Board of Horticul ur<> tried many means to vote manage it without success, but ultimately despatched an entomologist to South Australia to try and find its natural enemy. The scientist discovered a ladybird ( Vedada cardinals), and after great difficulty succeeded in carrying them over sea, and colonising them on trees in Los Angeles. The following extract from Mr. Kercheval'a report tells of the value of these ladybirds: -" What a vast army of men and millions of dollars could not have performed in years, a mere handful of Australian ladybirds has virtually accomplished in a few weeks and even to us, who have watched their work most closely, it seems utterly incomprehensible and almost beyond belief." Railway Arrangements. It is notified elsewhere that special railway arrangements have been made for the Prince of Wales' Birthday, to enable excursionists to visit the various amusements provided on the different lines, Excursion.- The steamer Nubeena will make an excursion trip to Brown's River this afternoon, leaving the pier at 2 30, Sandy Bay Sailing Club The annual meeting of this club is to be held next Wednesday night at the Sandy Bay schoolroom. 