LADY’S LOVERS. CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) All through the long wedding breakfast she sat like one in a dream, neither eating nor speaking; only when Owen's hand sought hers she drew it away quickly. She was glad when it Mfes time to change her dress, She hurried upstairs, shut the door against her. bridesmaids, ami burst „Jnto ,a passion of tearless sobs that shook her whole frame. But presently someone knocked at the door. "Katharine, are you nearly ready? The carriage will bo hero in ten minutes,” called out one of her girl bridesmaids. She composed herself by » violent effort and opened the door. But the girl started hack. "Why, you look as if you had soc^fe-ghost!” Katharine forced a smile. “Do I look so very pale? all this while is very trying. Now, if you will help me, i must bo quick and change my dross," When she descended ready dressed for her wedding journey, wearing a costume of white cloth In-aided With gold, she was flushed and j excited, and her eyes wore shining. Her father kissed her forehead with some conven tional wish for her happiness; but her brother took her in his arms, reckless of her bridal finery. “Good-bye old girl, and I hope you will bo voy happv.* You’re a lucky woman to have won such a husband, mind you appreciate him.” “I believe you don’t think mo good enough for him," she said petulantly. “No I don’t; he’s the best follow in the world." ho answered simply. " What n pity I haven't such} high opinion of him as you have," she laughed defiantly. " I wish you had. Take care, Katharine; his wife’s coldness has driven a man to death and despair before now." Bo with those ill-omened words ringing in her oars, husband and wife began their now life together. CHAPTER VII. Lady Katharine Lockhart made a far greater sensation as a hridu than sho had over done as a girl. Sho was considered the most beautiful woman in London, and she rejoiced in the admiration nho excited. When they came back from abroad, Owen and his wife found invitations iu plenty waiting for thorn. lie would have boon glad to settle down and bo quiet, but shu would not hoar of it. Her one great dream was to meet her old lover again, and teach him her power. But that aid scandal was not for gotten and people took care not to ask the two young couples at the same time. At last sho mot bun at a country ball. Sue was staying with the very X-Jidy Cravondulo at whoso house she had dis covered his treachry, and Lord and Lady Kenwyn wore the guests of a neighboring landowner. Katharine looked grandly beau tiful that night dressed in her wedding gown of white ana silver brocade. All oyos were turned on her as sho entered the room loan-, ing on the arm of her handsome young hus band, Owen saw Lord Kenwyn first and his sudden start and change of color made his wife look at him. "Kate, don’t lot him boo that you care," ho whispered. She did not answer him, and then, before the whole room, she walked up to Lord Kenwyn. “I hoard you were going to bo here,” she said quietly. “Pray introduce me to your wife.® Lndy Kenwyn had never seemed or felt so insignificant ns sho did when her husband huiricd through the form of introduction. Her stylo and picturosquoness wore entirely overshadowed by her rival’s statuesque love liness, and she know it. Perhaps Katherine know it too, for sho stood by her side for some time, ns if to point tbo contrast between thorn. But when the music began, an eager part ner appeared to claim her, and sho was car ried off. By universal assent she was voted the belle of the ball, and men nearly came to blows over her programme. Once sho was sitting in u conservatory when sho saw Lord Kenwyn near. Sho sent her partner for an icc, and then being alone she gave him a long look from under her white lids. Ho came slowly towards her as if mesmerised by her glance, and stood watching her for a few moments in silence. How lovely she was ! The man’s eager took in every detail of her exquisite face and the perfect curves of her bare arms and nook. “Aren’t you going to speak to me?” sho asked softly, and her voice was low and alluring. “I was mad, and I know it,” ho said hoarsely. “It makes mo almost beside my self to think that I might have won you, and yot lost you by my own folly." “And are you very sorry?" Katharine loaned forward until her shoulder nearly touched his. The perfume rdachod him from her hair and dress, and ho felt dazed and giddy. Who knows what mad words ho might have spoken if her partner had not returned at that moment, for fickle as ho was; her beauty had still power to stir his pulses. But sho was conn tent. She had laid t ho train and she could wait patiently. Sho danced indcfatigably until the morning, and lien when they reac hod home, and sho was alone with her husband, she began to fling aside her jewels with a very dark look on her face. “Kate,” ho always called her by her pet name that no one else used, “did you enjoy the ball?” Then her eyes lit up witth a wild triumph. Yes,” she said recklessly, “I was very happy; but shall ho happier still when I have hnd my revenge." “Oh, my wife," Owen stood with both hands on her shoulders, looking down into her eyes, “haven’t you found out yet that there is something far sweeter?” “There is nothing I value so much ; St !a the one thing I live for.” “ You mean to win him back again and make him suffer as you did. And do you think that I should stand by and see my wife make my name a jest and a by-word?” ho asked, more sternly than ho had ever spoken to her before. “Then let me go away from you,” sho cried eagerly. “1 don’t love you and you must have grown tired of mo by this time.” With sadden passion ho caught her in his arms. “ I will never let you go; you are mine, and I will hold you fast until death parts us!” Sho was almost frightened at his vehemence, as she struggled to free herself. But ho held her still, “ Did you think I was made of iron, and not flesh and blood,” ho asked her, “that I could stand by and see you, who are as cold as ice to" me, using all your whiles to win that man back to your side? I toll you, tnadamo, you shall ‘ hot ■put this shame upon me!" Sho lifted her head haughtily and looked him full in the oyos. “Do not be. afraid. I hate you, Owen Lockhart, but 1 shall never forget that I am your wife.” Ho turned white at her mart-words, but ho answered steadily, “So you think now, but I will wait. No man ever loved a woman so much without winning bis reward-in the end.” “I shall never care for you, and your persistence only makes me hate you the more. I wonder that you have so little pride ns to bo always begging for the affection that will never bo yours,” sho said clearly' and coldly. The next moment she would have given her right hand to recall her words. But she I was too proud and wilful to own horslf in the wrong. “ You shall have your wish, I have suffered enough fx-om your caprices. You shall have your wish, i wll never worry you with protestations of lovo or caresses again. Never, not till you come to mo of. your own free will and tell me thnt you do love mo!" Owen answered. Then ho left her; and woman like, when ho had beaten her with her own weapons, and paid back scorn for scorn sho was nearer loving him than sho had over been. But for her pride's 8nko ; sho would have called him back and told him thnt sho was not the cold, heartless creature sho had feigned to be.. But that brief remorse had died away by the time sho saw Lord Kenwyn again. Ho rode over to Cravondalo without his wife, on some pretext or other, but Katharine knew that it Was to see her he hnd come, ‘ and exulted in the act. His whole heart was bent no winning this man book and making him suffer as she had done. Owqn’s face, haggard and wistful, haunted her sometimes, but sho rosoultoly put away the thought of him. They scarcely spoke to oaolx other, although ho paid ho every courteous atten tion, and was always nt her book and call. But she missed his ' loro nltough she would not confess it oven to herself, and began to long to hear the old tenderness in his voice, to see his face change and soften as it had done once at sight of her. When their visit to Cx*avondalo was over, husband and wife wont to their own homo, but they saw even leas of each other then, and drifted daily wider apart Neither was happy, but their pride : stood between them, and Owen kept his word; ho never wearied her now with protestations of his love. He hnd loft the army against bis own wish, but to please his wife. She hated to remember that bo had once served in the ranks, and his mother had been a laborer’s daughter. And because ho could not boost of a long line of tilled ancestors, sho was blind to all his chivalry and nobleness, which made other women love and admire him as n very prince ■ among men. - TO DB OOXTINEUD.) 