POLITICAL ECHOES. [By Loungeu..1 The difference between an Optimist and a Pessimist is tbe difference between a front seat and a back eeat ia the vehicle 'which conveys us from the earthly mother to the mother earth. Four OptimiEt faces the breezes, which bring the blood tingling to his cheek, presenting him as a picture of radiancy ind robustness ; he mostly handles the reins and makes the pace - but he is Optimist because he is ever intent on what is before him. He is perpetually employed in the pursuit of fresh plea sures, and he enjoys life because he possesses his soul in an unceasing icavity of change. The Pessimist, sitting with his back to the diiection of progress, looks upon tho past as a scene at beauty fast receding from mortal vie*r, ind vexes his sou] with the notion that [he mists which envelop the long-travelled country in the far distance are the ears of the gods at humanity's exit from Et paradise to a purgatory. All cannot sib in front and drive, and every vehicle of Fociety, whether it be a Church or a club, a Parliament or a family reunion, has its Optimist and Pessimist'. I encounter the Pessimist in Parlia ment House. I find him in the corridors of the beautiful building deploring thac the structure lacks the marks of the hoary hand of Time, because in the sug geBtiveness of centuries there is exercise for veneration and stimulus to genius. I hear his wail in the House that the good old days have gone never to return. ' ' Another week gone, and aprofitless week, too,' said Pessimist on Thursday evening last. ' Here's nearly the first half of tho session slipped away, and the only com forting fact about it is that 'Hansard' is about seventy pages fewer than it was at this time last year.' The Optimist revels in the newness of Marble Palace. There are no blood staius on the pillars, no ghosts in the cellars, and no shrieks from the torture chamber ; on the contrary, the bright artistic columns seem to be reflecting the sparkle and vivacity of young and innocent life, the life of a colony with a higher history to make. In the debates he is heard talking of the grand and glorious future of his land. Nothing daunts his spirits. 'It is now a period of rest and quiet. There is very little legislative work being done, and ditto legislative mischief ; but there is legislative work immediately ahead — a Pastoral Bill — drive carefully. But there is no occasion to be perturbed because it is a season of calm. Thanks, chiefly to the Press, the tone of Parlia ment has been greatly purified, and members feel that they must be on their best behaviour if they would come oack. Tho prospect, therefore, is decidedly cheering, for the Assembly is working with a sense of the all-seeing eye of the elector upon it, and with a fear of the punishment which will be surely meted out to the negligent and incon-petent.' Quite an interesting chapter might be written about the familiar words of public speakers. One noticeable characteristic about them is that they persevere in talk ing the language of their current or past avocations. The compositor will refer to his types and points, and somehow re mind one he has or should have every thing at his fingers' ends so as to be in touch. Where is the lawyer who forgets to drag in his 'case,' put the 'issues' before gentlemen of the Jury, or ''sub- mit with great respect' to His Honor? The farmers, too, they are not unaccustomed 'to break up new ground,' 'sow the seed,' and 'reap a harvest,' and the chaff merchants of 'threshing out' a subject. It is not unusual to find the store keeper 'weighing' matters in his mind, and giving the audience a full supply of words for their money. So one mi«ht go through many occupations to show that while the men havo loft them 'the fact remains' (with apologies to Mr. Castine) in their phrases. You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will. Bat the scent of tho roses will hang round id still. Listening to our own representatives, what are some of their household words ? If wo begin with tho Premier, Mr. Holder, he is a practised speaker, who gives fewer opportunities than most in the direction we want. He has been accustomed to think and teach root ideas and to persuade, as one could well imagine when he heard him reiterate — ' After ail, what does it amount to ?' It is not sur prising that such a keen and cocl calculat ing mind is as highly appreciated at tho Treasury as in Cabinet. ^Outside the House it appears by the Hegixler's effective voting-list that the most popular man inside it is the ex Premier, Mr. Playford, who vexes not his soul about devious ways of diplomacy or long-drawn-out propositions of logic. His chief concern is to gather all the facts in order to make application of his large gilt of common sense by which he keeps in sympathy with the people. It is therefore in consonance with expectation that we hear him over and over again saying, ' What is Hie position of affairs?' and ' .Kioto, vJud do ive find?' Tho Court of Public Opin.on find that Mr. Plajford is n level-headed, practical, straight-going politician. Dr. Cockburn's frequent 'but' illus trates his mentality. As a physician he has discovered that uncertainty is the only certainty, and as a man of letters that there is a nay to every yea. Whab the boneless Eexo or Keno do at the Bijou Theatre with their bodies the Chief Secretary may be seen doing 0.1 North-terrace with his mind. It is a marvel of flexibility — bends with ease to every subject and to each side of a sub ject. His mental agility is the 'but' which explains a strange medley of ideas. It seems as if there is nothing positive from the brilliant doctor without a modi fication, and no modification without a qualification, and no qualification withoub an exception, and no exception withoub a 'but.' But the 'but,' far from being a note of finality, is only the beginning of a fresh chorus ot enquiry. Sir John Downer, who is looked upon as the Parliamentary example of a back bone, on the other hand always seeks bedrock for his argument. He is never satisfied until he has proved to you that what he says must be so 'in, the very nature of things.' Dr. Cockburn would probably explain how that the nature of things was a variable quantity according to the character of the mental eyes with which men were differently endowed, bub Sir John Downer repeatedly insists upon the idea that 'the nature of things' is distinct and immutable and none other than that witnessed and described by Sfc John Downer. It would not take long to discover that Mr. Cohen was a banker, because he is so sure of everj thing ; he never makes a mistake, and he ' unhesitatingly affirms' with the frequency with which hig fingers readjust the Adam's pip in his throat, which his stentorian organ appears to ba perpetually frightening out of place. Mr. Kingston is to many an Enigma. His handwriting says so, and that is an unanswerable proof with certain character readers. Yet, as if to make tho Enigma perfectly enigmatical, his speeches are as clear as crystal. The delivery, like the handwriting, sometimes leaves something to bo desired ; occasionally the delivery rises to the excellence of the matter. While generally Mr. Kingston's utter ances can be reproduced by the reporter as if they had been edited by tho author as essays in composition, there are recurring phrases which reveal menial workings. Two may bo quoted. One exhibits Mr. Kingston as a teacher of morals. How often does he not tell the House— 'J4 is either right or it is icrong ? Which is it ?' It is upon the moral platform that Mr. Kingston as a 3^1 speaker takes bis stand and finds his strength. Another familiar clause in his sentences is suggestive of a mind striving to tear itself away from tortuous legal phraseology and sport in the freedom of direct statement. It is refreshing to hear the great Queen's Couusel and equally great politician come to the point with — 'I mean to my.' Mr. Landseer, whose name is Genero sity, is the popular man in the House. Everybody likes him ; he is so good natured. Out of the abundauce of his heart he gives advice freely on all sorts of subjects, and to all conditions of men ; he ; does not stint anybody. At the same ! time he coins historical phrases with J Lavish prodigality. In his liberality he does not forget the reporters, for he sets his pearls of common sensa in a wealth of words ; they drop the words and hand the pearls to the public. ' A step in the rujht direction' which Mr. Castiue has recently revised, belongs to Sir. Landseer, who never fails 'to aid and assist' scores of times in a big speech in which he is 'prowl and pleased' to do something for his country. Mr. Landseer, like one of the Murray steamers, does not seem to be accomplishing his mission unless taking somebody in tow. He delights to pass the cable of sympathy from his great throbbing heard to a heavily laden craft anl 'uui ami assist' it. £To man could attend to his religious duties with, more zeal than does Air. Caldwell to Ms legislative work, and while the hon. member brings a great deal of intelligence and the noblest of motives to his service, he does not com mand that show of success which his talents and efforts apparently deserve. Possibly the poet is not appreciated, and possibly the explanation is to be found in his pet phrase, 'J hate yet to learn.' There ara housewives who are always cleaning up the rooms and never have them tidy, and there are men who are always learning and never have the knowledge which is power. While I do not say Mr. Caldwell is one of these, it may be that his reputation has suffered a shock trom his frequent repetition of 'I /wire yet to learn.' Space will not permit the present ex haustion of my list, but there is room for one more illustration. The recent member from the Trades and Labour CouncQ, Mr. McPherson, has the making of a good speaker, and he is apparently taking pains to inform himself before filling ' Hansard.' When a stranger is told about a labour member he expects, if not the apparel of the horny handed, some outward and visible sign of having endured the sweat of the brow. But in looking' npon Mr. McPherson he thinks of a young doctor or lawyer or 'a moulting Balfour,' bub not of a ' wurrikin' man.' All this tends to show that the stranger does not under stand the new order of labour represen tatives. Mr. McPherson has spoken a few times in the House, and is always listened to with the greatest respect, but he never fails to repeat the words 'X mrj ' This phrase has an autocrat!-; as well as egotistical ring, though it is but fair to add it sounded as if employed frequently as a conjunction in complex sentences ; but the Iiabib is likely to suffer the misinterpretation of a motto of the Trades and Labour Council, indica tive that their word is as was the all powerful law of the Medes and Persians, which changeth not. 