The Fatal Treasure. | Alii. nianTs UESEitvi n. | » y A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. BY IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XIX. — Continued. Tho new-comer gazed like one fascinated at the sight, and, as lump after lump of the precious metal was taken out of the box and transferred to Hilton's pockets, the eyes of Armytago seemed to almost burn into the glass. "By heaven!" he muttered, "that old fellow has discovered the treasure we are seeking. I wonder who he is ? If ho were the devil himself," he added fiercely, "I must have that plunder !" "With a diabolical expression on his evil face, ho watched Hilton empty the box and then break it up and set lire to it. " He knows the gold is stolen, at any rate," was his. comment, as he saw the box placed in the fire. When the weary man inside the hut drew flin cfnnl flin -fi vi» unrl lioi>'nnn rlrnW'SY. tllC watcher set his lips together and for some time appeared to debate with himself what he should do. " He is only an old man," were the words that issued from his mouth when ho unclosed it. " His course is nearly run and it will be very little harm to help him over the river. I must have tho gold and there is only one way to get it, so I had better make up my mind to follow that course." Thus communing with himself, Army tage gradually sneaked round to the door. When he got there he paused for a moment, appa rently irresolute. Taking out a clasp knife from his pocket, he looked at it for a few mo ments and then put it back. u No !" he said, " I will not do that if I can help it ; but I must have the gold !" He said no more but, turning round, his eyes rested on a small sapling lying close to him and, picking it up; he noiselessly opened the door and looked into the room. Hilton was still slumbering and unconscious of dan ger. "With a cat.-like tread, Armytage entered the room and, walking up behind his victim, dealt bim a terrible blow on the back of the head. "Without a single cry, the old man fell off the rough seat and lay motionless 011 the floor, whilst-, his assailant, nervonslv nroceeded to . rifle his pockets. ' I don't half like touching him, for it is hard to say whether I10 is dead or only stunned," Armytago said ; " but I must, have the goldi Pooh ! what is it, after al1?" Fortified, apparently, with his reflections, ho bent over the motionless man and, in a business-like way, soon transferred the gold to himself. In one pocket he found a book containing a few papers and this he also took. When he liad taken everything he could discover, he noticed, with some alarm, that there were a few slight stains of blood on bis clothes. The blow ho had given his victim had broken the skin and the blood bad slowly , trickled from the wound. Very little had flowed, hut it was sufficient during his hasty search to stain a portion of his clothes. He looked at the few crimson stains with a slight shudder, and then at the still form lying prone on the floor. Hilton's last quest was apparently over, and the hidden treasure of the Black Forest would trouble him no more. \- With something like awe, Armytage went and opened the closed door. He looked out, but all was as still as death. " I must be getting away from this," he muttered. " If I were discovered here, with this in the room " — and he turned and looked at Hilton — " it would be as much as my life would be worth. I wish, too, I had not got these few staius. They seem to me like ill- omens. I must get away at once." -Ho picked up the bag of gold and with guilty fear crossed the clearing around the hut. As he nenred the edge of the timber a sound behind him caused his heart to give a wild Btart. It was a loud eooec and, as the frightened man turned round, lie saw a waggonette just emerging from the hush at the extreme end of tho clearing, and the occupants were evident ly calling to him. Who could these people be ? They were 110 doubt harmless travellers, perhaps lost and wanting information from him ; but to go back now, mignt, mean rteatn to nun. tne appearance of 100 policemen could not have caused him more terror than this small party of throe, one of whom was a woman, as his hasty glance sufficed to tell him; but the distance rendered the features indistinct and recognition impossible. He must fly at once, or they would soon discover what was inside the hut ; and his presence there, especially if he were seized with the gjld on hint, would look very sus picious. As another cooee smote his ear he turned and plunged into the forest. With many a startled look around, as the least noise fell upon his ear, the murderer pursu his path across the wooded ranges and dense undergrowth of the valleys. Although there was no eye on him save the all-seeing one of God, his guilty fancy peo pled the solitude with lurking spies and un seen enemies. It was not that terrible ad monition, " Vengeance is mine, saitb the Lord, I will repay !" that he feared so much, it was the weak and fallible punishment of his fellow men. > CHAPTER XX. OX THE FAUST. When Sheridan and Armytage arrived at the farm they found matters in a very un satisfactory state. The hands, not having a head to guide them, had taken things pretty much as they pleased. They had the oppor- tunity to "loaf," and they took advantage of it. Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his companion, was in 110 humor to attend to the routine of farm work, and Armytage profes sed entire ignorance of such duties ; but the presence of the master infused a little more activity into the men, and the work soon im proved. The farm was a fairly comfortable one. With the frequent additions made to it, the area now comprised 700 acres, and about 150 acres of that was cleared and cultivated. The soil in the valleys was rich and pro duced prolific crops of potatoes.oats or wheat, while the whole of the land was suitable for grazing purposes. The homestead was a. substantial and com fortable one. The first owner, who built it, had the good, old-fashioned ideas on the sub ject of farm -houses, and the first thing he did was to lay the building out in such a manner that all future additions should be part of one concerted plan. Sheridan had added a couple of rooms to the place since lie purchased it, and these were rendered absolutely necessary by the purchase of more land and the number of men needed to work it. Even with the additions there was no room | to spare, and when Armytage accompanied t ic owner to the I'-irai there was some diffi culty in obtaining a room for him, and aft_-r a while he expressed his willingness to share the same quarters as the leading hand 011 tho farm. For some days after their arrival Sheridan could not be induced to leave the house to search for tho missing treasure. Ho really wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week he persuaded tho en slaved man to accompany him and point out tho spot where his plough had struck tho hidden box, hut that did not assist liim in the least in the prosecution of his design. She ridan, being now in 0110 of his more agree able moods, accompanied him through the bnsli for several days, but lie soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Armytage pur sued liis wanderings alone. The spirit of tho place seemed to bo upon liim. for immediate ly lio had breakfast he would fill liis flask and start into tlie forest. The whole day he would spend walking aimlessly about, peer ing into the scrub and here and there turning over the dead leaves, which in places lay thickly 011 the earth. At times he would obtain a lever and turn over logs, in the hope that something would lie revealed that, could assist him in liis quest. The farm laborers frequently met him in his solitary walks, and they soon came look upon mm as ucmoiitcu. He liad more than once visited Black burn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed to possess a curious fascination for liim, and about three weeks after liis arrival at tho farm-house he found himself at midday for the third time in dose proximity to the hut- It was on this occasion that lie committed the brutal attack on Hilton recorded in tho last chapter. After getting away from the place he re mained concealed near the farm-house until darkness came 011, so that lie could enter un observed. lie had been lying in the scrub about two hours when ho was suddenly aroused by the sound of footsteps on the crackling under growth and, with a limited look of fear, he jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, through a small opening in the thicket, I10 saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with min gled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waited for the unexpected new- comer. He was frightened to bo discovered in his present state of agitation, but lie felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was tho farmer who had como on him. i L T C 1ft A 1ft A A Mft .ft T 1«A«A 1ft ft -ft. t 1 J VIVA n lllH XL IlU IMS 1IIU X LlClVU liliil \>do JLLIO thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at tlio wild appearance of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. He looked at him for a full minute before I10 spoko and then said : " What on earth is the matter? You look as frightened as if you had seen a ghost." The man addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, but the at tempt only ended in a shudder. He had at first, thought of concealing tho gold from Sheridan, but the hitter's sudden appearance prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell liim of his luck. " No ; I haven't seen anything to frighten me ; but, through my persistent hunting for the treasure, I have been rewarded in finding a portion of it. I discovered 011c of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had soino difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose I do look somewhat queer." "Found the gold !" exclaimed the farmer. " Where did you find it ?" "Down at. the — that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for tlio other boxes, but found no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. " I will go with you to-morrow, and we'll make a better search. Wc must get the re mainder. We will never be content until wo do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarice in liis eyes. "Yes; lo-niorrow we will go. It is too late now." " Come up to tho house and let 111c sec what you have found. I am all anxiety." " 1 don't want to go before dark," an swered Armytage. "If the farm hands see me carrying this bundle and looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we ilon't want, that." " Y011 are right ! you are right !" assented Sheridan. " The less talk there is the better. We must keep our business to ourselves. I will stay with you, and if anyone comes by it will disarm suspicion." "Yes; that will be best. It. will be dark in another lioiu-, so that we will not have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hoarse whispers, conversed until dark ness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of tlie house, Ar mytage ever and anon casting guilty looks around as if he was haunted by the gliost of his supposed victim ; and when they reached the homestead Sheridan took liis companion into his own room unobserved. " You must stay in the room with me now, as you cannot remain with my overseer, who would be almost certain to fmd out the gold. I will make a bed up here, and then we can arrange our plans without fear of interrup tion or discovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan had a second bed put in the room, and during tlie night liis companion showed liim the gold he had found, keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. " There is a small fortune there," remarked the farmer to his companion. " We must be in luck's way. First I discover a box and now you find another." "By all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over this matter, I should retain what I have found," replied the latter. " You have given me oidy a fraction of your find, and I don't think I should halve this find with you. That will make us about square." " Oh ! ' Honor among thieves,' you know. Y011 surely would not act as you say. I al- ways gave you money wiien you asked tor it, and what more could you expect? You will divide with me, surely !" " I'll make a fair bargain with you, Sheri dan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me, and then we can cry quits. We will then be 011 an equal footing, and if we find any more of the ' plant ' we will go halves with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be 110 further trouble to you, as I have pro vided for myself now." " I don't think that is fair. I want half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thing on you." " I toll you I will not give you half of it," Armytage replied angrily. " You didn't give me half of yours, and you must bo con tent with what you get. If you denounce me to tlie police I will do the same with you and we'll both lose everything." The determined tone of tho man convinced Sheridan that it would be useless to argue further with liitn then, and after reflecting a little time lie said : "Well, don't let us quarrel about it. I know you are a good-liearled fellow, and I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more, and we will be content." It is very easy to talk of "to-morrow," but it never comes to some people. Tin ii-enids who look upon tho setting sun j with bright linp-s an 1 plain for tho future in ; their minds, never again see the glorious orb of day illumine the world : for, in daylight or dark, that tireless reaper Death pursues his course, and ever and always the human harvest is being gathered in by the Sickle of the Gleaner. CHAPTER XXI THE MISER'S CURSE. Women and wine are generally understood to ho the ruin of men who go wrong 011 life's highway, hut whilst there is a good deal of truth in tho statement, it is quite beyond doubt that gold is responsible for more human wrecks than the other two causes combined. Money is a two-edged weapon. It will cut both ways. It is potent for good or ill. For, while it, can be made the means of in calculable good- of rescuing the waifs and strays of the world— it, can also he used to drag down the best, of humanity. There is probably 110 curse so terrible as to be a miser. The hurtling thirst for gold saps up the genial springs of life, and the affec tions that sb-j'.ild be lavished on his kiu are bestowed by the miser 0:1 his money-bags. He lives for nothing else but hoarding gold, and lie is a useless excrescence 011 the human race. Racked with fears and forebodings of loss, lie never knows what content or Happi ness is, and liis life in reality is an accursed one. Michael Sheridan was not, in the full sense, a miser, but he liad the seeds of the com plaint, in his composition, and they only needed something to food 011 when they would burst forth luxuriantly and produce a rich harvest of results. After his unsatisfactory interview with Army tagc, he left, the bedroom and wont to another part of the house, Avhere lie seated himself at a table with a bottle of brandy in front of liim. Time after timo lie helped himself to the fiery liquor and, Avitli his el bows 011 the table and liis bead between liis bands, lie remained for hours in profouudest thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and lie muttered, aloud : " I must have half, and I don't see Avhy I shouldn't have the lot. lie found it 011 my land and it belongs to inc. He'll not leave here Avitli it as lie thinks he Avill. I must stop him soniehoAV." Then, after a long pause, he raised liis head and said : " I Avish t'10 Avvel.ch Avas dead ! If he was any good he Avuuld have died before this. He is like an ill weed, or one of those tAvisted and useless trees which the woodmen pass by wnue 11 icy ica uie goou ones, ir no avouki die I'd be content." With these savage words on his lips his head sank 011 tho table in a heavy slumber, and he only awoke as the morning sun streamed in and the bustle and noise outside awoko liim. " Where did you get to, last night? You were not in your room," asked Armytage, when lie met liim later on. " I fell asleep in a side-room over a drop of brandy, and slept until morning The queer look on Sheridan's face as lie spoke to liis companion did not escape that keen observer's notice. " You don't look well, my friend, and you are actually shivering," he remarked. " I have caught cold sitting up so foolish ly all night, I suppose, and I must say that I don't feel well," was the reply. Armytage had 110 wish that Sheridan should accompany him that day as ho had his own plans to lay, and tho fanner, av'ho i'elt somewhat conscience-stricken Avlien lie re membered liis thoughts of tlie previous night, also wished to be alone, and he said : " It would be only tempting providence for me to go out to-day. I Avill go to bed." This exactly suited Armytage, for it would he, to say the least, inconvenient to point out where he got tlio gold, and next day be in tended to quietly depart Avitli his booty, Avithout giving Sheridan anything. The thought of his victim lying in the wood cutter's hut avus haunting liim, and he Avautcd to get away from the district ; yet some indefinable impulse urged him to re main. " I aa'ill stop another day, at any rate. Nothing will happen in that short time, and then I Avill leave here forever and leave my avaricious and gambling friend to himself and his cards," ho thought. " Don't you think Ave liad better let our search for tlio gold stand over until to- mor- toav r" he spoko aloud. " I think so, for I am in 110 humor to go to- day," replied Sheridan. " A day Avill not make much difference, and in the morning we will make a good start and, I hope, meet Avitli more luck," re plied Armytage. During the forenoon Sheridan never spoke a word about, tlie gold, which somewhat sur prised his companion, who expected liim to renoAV his solicitations for an equal division. At mid-day he Avent out, telling- tho farmer he would return in hour or so. lie had changed his clothes and wrapped the ones he had Avorn 011 the previous day in a bundle, as he Avas so suspicious of discovery that lie Avas determined to destroy them 011 the first opportunity. He had 110 actual reason for this course, only that undefinablo dread Avhich seems to perpetually liaunt the murderer. When lie had gone Sheridan walked Avitli halting steps across tho yard to a store-house some little distance from tho main building. The door was locked, hilt, taking a key from liis pocket, lie opened it and Avent inside. After shutting and re-locking the door, lie searched the shelves, awl at last found a small cannister, which he look down and opened. It- avus nearly full of a Avhitc puAvdor awl, taking a piece of paper that lay 011 tlio floor, he put some of the powder into it and re placed the cannister on the self. Putting tho package in one of his pockets, he opened tho door and retraced his steps to the house. When Armytage went aAvay he had 110 fixed intention of going to any particular place. His stops led him in the direction of a paddock Avhere large trees Avero burning for clearing purposes. 1 ne sign t or uie roaring names orougnt to his mind the suit of soiled clothes, which he had wrapped in a bundle and left in tho bedroom . " I was a. fool to leave that parcel behind 111c. The sooner it is destroyed the safer I Avill be. I'll go back and get it iioav and burn it. No 0110 Avill notice me." Reproaching himself for liis foolishness in not at once destroying the clothes aa'liich lie seemed so anxious to get rid of, he went back to the liouse and entered the bedroom impereeived. He had taken the precaution before Ieav- ing to take nearly all the gold Avitli him, and only a small portion had been concealed in the room. "It's not safe to trust Sheridan," ho thought; "but even if he takes this small portion it Avon't be much of a loss." As he lifted up the bed-clothes for the bun dle he had hidden there he uttered a Ioav cry of dismay, for it Avas gone. If he had just been sentenced to death ho could not have been more terror-stricken than he Avas at that moment. He sat down 011 the Led trembling — after first turning it over and searching the room in the hope that he might discover tlie bun dle somewhere about ; but his search proved fruitless — /To be Coxtixued. s10 F T 11 