THE RÉFEESHMENT-BOOM BOW. " Hospitality, no formality," as the butt-end of the Irish bong has it, may be an excellent motto in private life; bat it is hardly to be considered so in regard to public. Mr. Daniel O'Connor has had a reminder of the latter fact in connection with what happened while he was ac- companying a learned friend, Mr. Griffith Jones, over the Parliamentary buildings and show- ing him the improvements. Mr. Jones waB stopped on the stair leading to the refreshment- room by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and, like the Percy in the ballad, " led away " by that official. Under the feelings of indignation provoked by such an incident Mr. O'Connor Beems to have recovered something of that oratorical form for which he was once so justly celebrated but which, doubtless to the regret of his numerous admirers, he has had so comparatively few oppor- tunities of exhibiting of late. Duller minded men might see in the matter nothing more than the enforcement of a regulation which has been too much and too often* ignored. Mr. O'Connor, ' however, recognised in it nothing less than an attempt, to ride rough-shod over the authority and privileges of the Upper House. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly had actually had the hardihood to interfere with Mr. Griffith Jones who, as Mr. O'Connor with a fine sense of rele- vancy observed, was a member of a learned profession, and an M.A. to boot although he-Mr. O'Connor--had obtained per- mission from the President of the Council to show that gentleman round. Indeed, in dilating on this subject, Mr. O'Connor almost contrived to raise it to the dignity of a constitutional question. And then with what withering sarcasm he de- clared that he had no intention of intro- ducing Mr. Griffith Jones into the re- freshment room, or into those other apart- ments which, at the expense of the country, had been fitted up for the personal comfort of the Speaker. The politician may, perhaps, have been a trifle inconsistent, but the friend of the rebuffed M'A. was decidedly loyal. But it was certainly a queer turn of fortune's wheel that showed the Mr. Thomas Hardy, the Noted Novelist. erstwhile member for West Sydney championing both'the real and imaginary privileges of a body in which, in his more popular and democratic days, he was always so very ready to stick his knife. \- A good many persons will be found to sympa- thise with the friend of the Hon. Dan. O'Connor, who was so unceremoniously seized by the Sergeant-at-Arms. Mr. O'Connor had the per- mission of the President of the Legislative Council to show bis friend through the par- liamentary buildings ; but on the other hand the Speaker exercises a species of mastiff-like watch over the precincts of the parliamentary buildings. He evidently thinks that those sacred buildings will be desecrated if the foot of the ordinary citizen enters tthem; Particularly desirous is he of guarding', the. inner temple-the refreshment room-from the invasion of what is known in parliamentary terminology as the "stranger." Mr. O'Connor and his friend were having a quiet refresher in this place when the Sergeant-at-Ar ros appeared like Ban quo's ghost at the banquet and put a stopper upon the convivial proceedings in a summary way. Mr. O'Connor was rightly indignant at this treat- ment, and poured fourth the vials of his wrath in ??'.* another place** upon the Speaker. - It is certainly curious that the Speaker should override a permit issued by the President, but Sir Joseph Abbott has ever been recognised as an autocrat. Perhaps he has a laudable desire to shield members who are suspected of Bacchan- alian orgies in the refreshment-room from the public gaze. If so, his conduct is right. On the other hand he may have an exalted opinion of his own dignity, and the necessity of keeping down the people who pay him and the members over whom he presides their salaries. And the public favors the latter view. The incident was dis- agreeable and one that would not bear repetition. -+ 