1 BUNCH OF VIOLETS, OB, A SAILOR'S LASS. A Romance ®f x,and and Sea. Er i. J. PITHOOBB. CHAPTER XIV. GBOCGE A.ND ABTHUE AfUHlT. | ( Continued.,') me young squire g re-appearance formed the theme of the country papers, one rustic even blossoming into poetry, and Melville, first mate, was in his tenants' eyes something of a demigod — a mystery, which, to their own peculiar vuuxacnou, naa oeen translated by the credited wise men, chief of whom was old Jim the cobbler, who, with spectacles upon bis mm'. colored nose, hammering away at the iron shod soles ot some rustic's boots, would decant with a nasal twang upon his re-appearance from a ' philosophical standpoint, which eon b true tion would be rcoeived by his listeners as ?A ofAnJ v:« .v— -i_j smock frocks and corduroy pants, with open mouth and bated breath, while one vowed to another that old Jim was a sight clever and knew a thirg or two — And HD the riUfctTA rroooins +ji I lra/3 Tho young squire, accompanied by his sister, had visited the rectory, and the white haired vicar had agreed with his three I grown up daughters in declaring him a eharming young man. Neighboring squires had visited him ; young ladies had smiled at him, remarking that he was good-looking, but rather bashful, like most sailors. Oh, no, he was not going to sea again. Cunning mammas freshly rouged up their daughters, ordered new dresses from Worth's in Paris, and longed to see him at their socials in evening dress, instead of the half nautical attire he yet, for some reason, wore. Already a large ball was in perspective at Parknlle, in honor of the heir, of course, and on George Aubrey's arrival from Australia it would be in full swing — and this gentleman was expected at any hour, ! for his steamer was now due at Plymouth. It was the middle of the afternoon, and a uwi wuia ecirrea cue autumn trees. Melville was sauntering, gun on arm, on the look out for any unfortunate hare the dogs might turn out. It waB a sultry afternoon, just enough heat to make one feel inclined to bask in the shade ; the deer were nibbling the herbage ; an +*xay of rooks were making the air reverberate with their eaw-caws on the ta11*a-- tiMnnV.a 4-V^w ? J ? ? J 4.U. river itself, willow-lined and sun tinted, ebbed larily in a silver thread toward Hardham, from whose recesses sounded the faint metallic clang on the anvil from the smith's forge, the ocoupants of which were staring at a gentleman walking towards the manor. Apparently he had arrived from an ocean voyage, for in one hand he was carrying a portmanteau bearing a ticket marked « Orient,* T.i««» villagers doffed their hats, for they knew him to be the squire's adopted son returned from Australia. Quizzica' glanoes were bestowed upon him as the folks wondered how he would receive the news, for the advent of the squire's long- lost son meant that George Aubrey i would be poorer by so many thousands a | ▼ear. He took th» 1 tn th„ m.nnr and cat acroes the park, coming rather unceremoniously upon a gentleman , leaning over a five-barred gate and ! {firing at the deer. Evidently he was | perfectly at home. A gun leaned against the hedge, while George Aubrey's own dogs gambolled about the stranger's feet. His semi-nautical attire proclaimed a yachting man, so Aubrev olaced the ciron instance down to some acquaintance ; staying at the manor, or perhaps a visitor hunting with the game-keeper's per mission. If such was the case, he had made friends with Aubrey's hounds, for, on the latter whistling, they came towards him snarling and showing their teeth. * Down G-ips, Ponto good dogs,' hearing his whistle the stranger by the gate turned. George Aubrey retreated a step back. * Great heavens !' ho ex claimed, as a dark Hush stained the whiteness of his forehead. ' This man of all others. The seamen Melville, whom V I beoamg acquainted with at Austin's y plantation wd — and — wandering about / my parks as if he were monarch of all he / surveyed.' He crushed the dead leaves of an elm savagely under hia foot as he stood underneath its banches and swing ing his portmanteau in a manner that did not bespeak perfect equanimity of mind, advanced to meet him. 'Mr Melville, of all others, in the name of wonder* how are you here? is it really Melville or his ghost P' * Ghosts as a rule are not fleet and blood,' replied Melville, leaning upon his earlier than we anticipated. Glad you are safe, and trust on the passage you have sot suffered greatly from your inveterate foe — sea-sickness.' 1 Sea- sickness be hanged ! how— how did you come here, invitation or — or — accidentally P' A deadly apprehension was creeping over Aubrey. While at Oakville, in Queensland, he had detected a strong resemblance in this man to his sister Esme. Leaning upon his gun in the manor grounds, the seaman appeared a born gentleman, his manner was affably polite, his countenance wore a smile, while the dogs came to bis call when they would not to their legitimate owner. ' I came from London. In a day or bo 1 leave for Australia again/ I understand,' dryly. ' A young lady in tbe case. Queensland, of course. Remember me to the Austin's, Where are you stopping?' ' At the manor.' He gives his moustache a vigorous pull as he reiterated, wonderingly, ' the manorP' Then he chuckled to himself, for he was aware that Miss Belle Austin and party were cm route to England in a sailing vessel, and her reason for under taking the voyage he was perfectly acquainted with ; but be held his tongue, soliloquising that he held the upper hand, as she would stand anon tbe verv spot her lover now stood within throe weeks or to, and that, on beholding these lordly parks and noble edilise, her love would drift towards him, as a piece of iloating jetsam drifts with the tide. Circumstances work peculiarly, Mr Melville, I had no idea whatever of meeting you here of all persons. The gun and dogs explain you have made acquaintance with my folks. How are they, all well? Coming up to the manor?' ? I nave a letter to post in the village, and must not miss the Australian it elosee in an hour.' * Confound the fellow,' mused Aubrey, as he walked on. 'He acts as cool and un assumingly as if he were the squire. My own dogs too, and the animals wouldn't even recognise me, though I've only beon absents couple of years; but who ou earth is the fellow? I meet him in Queeensland- There he steps between «UC MIU *UJT AUTO, UCI6 J. rniu liiiu «;wu, as cool as a cucumber, dressed in a ; gentleman's yachtirg rig and aauntering about with a gun in my own grounds. Bat I'll checkmate bim yet. Let him go to Australia — ab, ah — 'twill be but to find that his pretty bird has flows, and when he returns, if he ever does, he'll find that Miss Austin is my wife, and mistress of these grounds,' Now Aubrey, though he would not ad nit it, shrewdly Buspected the relation that existed between Melville and himself, though it was wife no light heart he lifted the latch of hii mother's room. All paaaion at his heart was concentrated ready to burst at a nnmeni's notice, and the old lady was unprepared for the ?imm of words that would escape his fe* * Mother,' he said, as he stood in the -doorway surveying her with one hand on the handle. * Are you back, George,* rising and ex tending her hand; then she kissed him, not in her former fervid mannnr Vint a mere pressure of her aged lips. 1 1 am j glad to see you back George. Australia has done you no harm, but affairs have greatly altered since you departed.' He was still standing in the doorway. 1 Mother,' he said, ' who is that man 1 1 met in the parkP He carries a gun, has I I *ny dogs, and admits to staying here/ [ - in — Hft id— whv don t vati si t dowo ft rge, instead of standing like a I strargeif' 4 A stranger,' he almost hissed. ' Why do you throw open the manor to every person that calls P I am acquainted with this man he is an impostor, a rogue, and a vagabond.' * ueorge, do oaim. ' I am calm, I don't associate With the | riff-raff of society. I knew the man in Queensland) he intruded himsolf into the house of a simple-minded old gentle | man, whose guest I was at the time, and Won the love o£. his, daughter. The old on my arrival I find Him here.' ' George, he ie not to be insulted. That man is Arthur (Jreorge Aubrey, my own sen.' 'Own sonP' almost roared Aubrey, sending his portmanteau marked ' Orient Line ' against the wall. 4 Do I return to UliU JUU UBIC US5U wr«.i»cu UJ- IUW tttiC of one o? the most plausible rogues on j earth, liah ! the thing is improbable,' I seating himself. j 1 Qrnetly, George. Do curb that tem- j per of yours, and look at things in their I proper light As you know, you are an I adopted child.' ' Yes, but not to give place to a rogue who, finding out circumstances connected with our family, invents some pitiable story to impose upon the credulity of an old woman and her daughter.' ' George Aubrey,' rising to the full dignity of her five feet three, *1 and Same are not to be insulted. If you I oannot at least act like a eeiitteman. and hear the facts, leave the room. You : know in the will, in event of my own son re-appearing, he would be the squire and heir.' ' The heir,' he broke in, rising from his seat and passionately pacing the room — 1 ' bah ! Here I've come from Australia, 1 ! find myself penniless, a stranger. An impoBior 60 intrudes upon your sole brain So — so— bah, the thing is impos* sible. You're being imposed upon.' 'George,' fixing her eyes full upon him, one hand on the bell rope, 1 will you confirm your accusations before my son It is cowardly to stab a man behind his back, and 1 will send for Arthur imme- j diately. I regret that yonr arrival j should be marred by such unpleasant i Aubrey winced. ! * Or will you listen to me now, andcou firm your charges another time.' ? A man can only be hanged once,' he muttered gloomily. ' Go on.' ' The will stated that, iu case of my son re-appearing, the manor becomes his property, and of oourse he is the squire. BUUU ity U1 MW. ' It is beggary, absolute ponury,' he muttered. ' 1 am not the sq aire. Park ville will never be mine, ill Devon, all England, will know it. I have always been called the youeg squire. Now I am but a mere hanger-on of the family, the whole thing lies upon the proof of this man's identification ' ? Undoubtedly he is my son. I admit it is hard lines for you, George, but you , were acquainted with the substance of the will. It was read after the squire's death. The proof lies in the fact that he i« the living likeness of my late husband. He strongly resembles Esme. He pro duced a locket that was upon his neck when a child, and which was missed at the time of his riiiannnrtiiTan,.. T7n*tk.« the marks of a burn accidentally received when a baby are upon his left arm. Aeain, an old gipsy when dying not far from here admitted to Etinc that he was the man who stole him What more conclusive proofs you require I cannot imagine. He is leaving in a day or so for Australia on a particular business matter. On his re turn he assumes the management of the manor estate.' Aubrey smiled — a grim smile. Here lay his trump cards, as Melville's mission : there would end in smoke ; then com pletely c nanging ms manner he remarked that he must take things ab they were. Then he inquired for Esme. and as he took refreshment he so insinuated himself into the old lady s esteem, that she vowed he was taking his disappointment like a man. 4 1 am so sorry,' said Esme. an hKa flung her arms around his neck, 'my poor dear clever George, but you will always be my brother you know, though Arthur is the squire. ^ It's enly a name, George, and there is enough money to keep you, and you might marry an heiress. Miss Montrose is yet gone on you, and was in an ecstasy of delight when I told her you were coming home, and I am your sister as well as Arthur's, something half and half you know,' she said laughingly as they paced ooe of the balconies. ? But why shun Arthur as you do. He leaves to-morrow.' ' Plenty of time whon the squite re turns, Dormouse, said Aubrey, calling his sister by her pet name. ' excuse the term squire, but I cannot descend to Arthur yet awhile, and as for vour sug gestion about Miss Montrose, I am afraid I'm not a marrying man, Dormouse. How lovt-lf the landscape looks to-night.' ' Enough to melt my artistic brother to e s sy.' 'Iso objection to a cigar eh, Dor mouse.' | ' No George, somehow you seem more I . 1 ke my brother than Arthur, who is 1 I quite a stranger.' i ' Naturally, you not having seen him before,' with a cynical laugh, 'but right is right you know, and I am satisfied Sou li not turn me over, though you elped to seal my fate with that gipsy I affair — unintentionally of course. I can . never tonch my palette and brushes 1 again, Dormouse. Art is killed within me, and the pleasures we enjoyed to gether in searching for charming nooks tor sketching, as you call it, is a thing of the past.' ^ He spoke so mournfully that her eyes ii Llod with tears, and seizing I his arm she gazed into bis face. ' You are becoming morose, George. Australia has done you harm, but why relinquish art of all things, yon who are so clever and once so fond of it P I im agined ii would soothe you in this disap pointment. In fact i expected you would turn hermit, lock yourself in your studio, and would admit no one save your little sister.' His eyes were fixed on vacancy. He was looking across where the spire of the : village church towered dark and ccne I like above the oaks and elms, against I tbe lightness of the evening sky. He sue euuiu near me toning ot the Dell, and ihi white stones gleatning in the church yard, where the old squire lav, while from the [smithy's forge in Hardliam «bowpr& of firoworks were ascending into the air, unruffled by the faintest breath of a zephvr. An odor of brine ebbed somehow from the channel, which ahone burnished like, under the glamour of a bright moon, while the shadows of the ivy sent up half curves of light upon the btlcony, showing the grey wsIIb and mosaic paving as in a painting of Alma Tddema of Home, Leaning upon the stonework of the balcony, George Aubrey gaz?d upon the scene. Hia mind was shorn of its former taste for art. It presented a dreary expanse of landsoape. It possessed no more beauty to him now than it would to old Sally in the village, whole sole comprehension of life was her wash tub. Love bad dimmed the fire in his eye. Disappointment had stayed the power of his hand, and his easel lay discarded in a room at Sydney, whflebe had voyaged home with a dre»d forebod ing of ill at hi« heart that had turned outa realiiy. Hia only sol aw ooniisted in gaining tbe^ love of Miss Austin* Knowine her tnutd and the circumstanoes attending Melville's departure from that j Queensland plantation, he refrained from : committing himself by a direct proposal. After Melville's departure he was the essence of etiquette and politeness, and though Belle Austin and himself had a northern Australian summer, he had j curbed his passion until the wound caused | 'by her lovers absenoe had partially healed. Audnextyear as he thought, he on visiting Queensland oould approach the subject I with a knowledge that her giriisn love dream had faded away and uiat himself as a future Knglish landowner wonld rise in her estimation as rises the mercury of a thermometer when clasped in the warmth of the hand. * No, Dormouse,' said he, ' disappoint ment in fortune, and doubtless in love. is enough to drive tbe desire of life from : a man, is it not P' ' George, nonsense. You are becoming so morose, so utterly unlike your former self, you almost frighten me. Hush ! she whispered, 'here is Arthur.' A man a ronn uaa emergen iruw wo further end of the balcony and commenced to pace to and fro as on the deck of a ship. ' It is Arthur. Oh, George, if he over heard our conversation. ' Perfectly welcome,' he muttered, clenching his fists. ' That man of all others, Dormouse, I feel as if I could murder him. He takes his position so coolly, so easily, that one would imagine he had been reared here the same as myself., Audrey tore a umo or tougn ivy as ne w -u)d a piece of paper, and flung it oat into the moonlight. ' Look here, Dormouse,' turning towards his sister, I am not going to commit a crime, but in my . situation would not ninety nine out of a hundred feel the same. Yonder man loves the namo young lady as myself, and is favored by her. He comes here, he ufturps what from my rights. He is a squire* owner | of this estate. He has left me little ' more than a beggar. Do ?ou wonder at my oeing morose r uo you wonder that I feel as if I could — oould — but never mind Dormouse, I'll — ' ' Don't,' she whispered, laying her white-sleeved arm upon his shoulder. * Por my sake and your own nam o/ ' Bah,' he echoed, derisively in a loud Melville paused in his walk. 'Don't George,' she hurriedly whis pered. 1 You are committing yourself. Arthur has overheard you. See, he is coming towards us, let there be no scene, and do treat bim like a gentleman/ ' xou are a girl, he said contemp tuously. ' all song and sunshine, you have nothing to do but Hit all day li^e a butterfly; I am a disappointed man. Tush, tush, Dormouse to please you I'll treat the fellow civil. If he comes here I must bow to him, call him the squire and so on.' Melville sauntered towards the eonnle. He had but overheard Aubrey's hurried exclamation, for like him he had been tbinJriDg of the past, and unlike him been -wrapt in the beauty of a calm evening in ' an English autumn. 4 This is my brother George,' said Esme, as he drew near. ' We all know the facts of the case, and George admits that rights are rights, you know. I want i you to be friends.' ^The open-hearted girl had seized her now found brother by the arm, and was leading him towards Aubrey. Tbe seaman held out his hand. George AnHrftv vntti . InfW frowned as he said, 'Mr Melville, we have met before.' Then he swung round on bis heel and left the balcony. ' Don't mind him.1 said Esme. 4 He is In an ill temper, I see. I'll have to act as an eternal peacemaker between you two. George is blessed with an un governable temper, and be feels his reversed position keenly.' a. nusn ayea tne Bosnian s cheeics on noticing Aubrey's manner, and a gleam sprang into the blue of his eyes, lighting up bis features which, bronzed by sea and weather, bad been pronounced by the three daughters of the vicar to Esme as savoring of the dark Spanish type of beauty, greatly like a handsome muleteer who had guided them over the Pyrenees when they went on a tour last summer. 4 You knew eaob other in Queensland,1 she said. ' les, he happened to visit the spot where I was shipwrecked. You know the tale.' 'Something of a romantic ending, I be lieve, a three volume novel kind, judging from George's erratic description.' He smiled, tben he abruptly changed the subject, talking about farm-houses, his tenants, the country, and news per taining to the position he had lately assumed 'Yeu know, Esme,' he said, as he puffed quietly at his oigar, 'it seems so strange to find oneself transported from the cunfines of a ship to all tTiia luxury. It ic were not tor one thing I would re linquish the affair altogether. It sounds queer, folks calling me the squire, doffing their hats and asking ray opinion rc this, that, and the other. I got over the diffi culty by agreeing with in all they ask or say- I would sooner let George have the whole affair and go to sea again. I miss the swing of my ship and the blue ex panse of sea. I am something like a fish on land, out of my element, and I could not exist here if 1 didn't get a glimpse of yonder channel beyond die Tillage a sniff of the brine as the wind blows off the sea. I have Jived on shipboard the greater part of my life, George is most suit able for a country gentleman ; I am alto gether ontof my element and my new role, usingan old shellbackVquotBtionsurpasseB the flying Dutchman. Doubtless on my re ; turn from Australia I will glide more . easily into the position. At present j affairs are rather at loggerheads. No I doubt you Jtnow, but necessity compels my I immediate voyage; on my return it shall | be explained.' ' Some Queensland girl,' said Ksme. He bluntly turned aside her remark, and the next day found him pacing the deck of a steamer bound for Australia. hr cnntinv-cd.) 