TOPICS OF THE WEEK While Sir Graham Berry's exposition of the finances was all his own, the proposals for meeting the deficit come from the Ministry as a whole, or such members of the Ministry as are consulted on such matters. The statement, except towards the end, when the Treasurer showed signs of tiring, being no longer a young man, is to be praised for its clearness and simplicity ; but the Budget scheme brings out the weakness of our time - serving, vote - propitiating Ministry. All the expedients have been " caught at." The voice of the Treasurer is heard saying that borrowing must be sus pended for three years to come, and yet the hungry members of the Assembly are to have £7,000 a year distributed among them in the form of allowances to the Standing Committee on Railways. The committee will go on inquiring, report- ing, and drawing its pay, though everyone can see now that three years hence will be the time to decide what lines should be made three years hence, when the circumstances of the various districts wanting railways may be very different from what they are now. The tariff proposals are another example of time-serving and vote-propitiating. If all the money which the new duties will take out of the pockets of the people were goingintothe Treasury to meet the deficit, the new duties would not be grudged, even though 5s. a pair on boots, 50 per cent on furniture, S5 per cent on hosiery, 45 per cent, on lamps, 45 per cent on leatherware, 14s. a cwt on horseshoe nails, 35 per cent, on woollens, and many more such exactions, are very high rates to put on. The new duties will check importation, and j the extra prices which the public will have to pay will go straight to local manufacturing firms. We are going to-be taxed, not to make good the public deficit, but to make up profits for private firms, who ought to depend on good management, intelligence, and busi ness energy instead of taxation for success in business. The Treasurer expects his high duties to bring in increased revenue. Thiey may, but less goods will come in, and the money which the citizen pays over the counter when buying boots, or nails, or furniture will mostly be eeited by the firms and companies who have authority from Parliament to levy on the publto when they want to show a profit The duties ate 86 high already that .they must, on being increased, check tmpor eepeci&Uy; at* time when femiliea of fastidious taste cannot afford to send to London lor new furniture. What is it, then, but sheer humbug, to pretend that we are raising the price of furniture in order to make up the public revenue ? The extra shillings taken from the cottager's wife when she goes to buy a washstand are meant for some firm in Collingwood, which, like the horse-leech, is never done saying give, give. Well may the members representing the rural constituencies look gloomy when they see the Ministry pretending to raise revenue, but really inflicting upon us a new and exces sive dose of the policy which tends to make the towns grow and the country population diminish. In view of the pull which in creased protection will exert in drawing people to town, does not the Ministerial scheme for fixing a few poor families to the soil under the village settlement scheme look absurd and ridiculous? Protection operates as an irresistible magnet, attracting all the moving population citywards, and the Village Settlement Bill will stop about one man in a hundred. The cause at Broken Hill is kept going uy Mr. Sleath's pouring his diseaeed imaginings into the ears of the men. The /acts of the situation are not a sufficient stimulation. To keep the men up to the mark, they have to be told, not what has been done, but what Mr. Sleath chooses to say he believes will be done. The same thing goes on at all the meetings which are called together to give support. At present, there is no evidence that the mine owners want anything but piece work, but everywhere the cry is that they are aiming at the destruction of unionism. Unionism muBfc be very frail in constitution to live in this state of constant alarm. Every dispute that arises throws it into paroxysms of fear. Among other nonsense which it suits Mr. Sleath to stuff the men with is that the Employers* Union, with all its capital, is behind the movement which the mine-owners have originated. The Employers' Union should feel flattered at being supposed to be big enough to use the great silver companies at Broken Hill as its puppets. Apparently any tale about ghosts and bogies serves to frighten the memljers of trade unions into throwing up their work and living on the coupon system. The deputation whicli the Broken Hill townspeople sent out to spy into the state of feeling ill Adelaide, Mel bourne, and Sydney, and interview whomso ever it should lind willing to be buttonholed, has gone back with a report to make which the strike leaders do not care to hear, but which, nevertheless, ought to be widely spread. Wherever the deputation went " it found the picketing a great stumbling-block in its way." and it has actually been brought to see that if the pickets were withdrawn there might be an immediate conference and an early settlement; matters would even be advanced if the men went back to work until the month's notice expires. A deputation which was sent out to bring in news of quite u different kind could not expect to be smothered with kisses by Mr. Sleath, who, while the spies were out looking for a pro mised land, was making his men believe that the whole world-excepting only the mine owners-were with them, and posting bank drafts by every mail to keep the funds goincr. It is not even true that the Sydney Govern ment means to wink at acts of violence by the pickets; the Government is prepared "for any emergency," and "can land extra Broken 11 ill in 40 hours." Mr. KwC^'lhe indiscreet Postmaster-General, ja dtec^adly sympathetic (his allowing Jtypkefjtelcgrauis to go free is proof), but he^ra&bs; only for himself, and the Go -wferojMit "is resolved to maintain order." -Apv-'&leath; is left with but one dramatic stroke. He has l>ought a share in the Broken liill Proprietary mine so as to qualify himself for getting into the meeting of the shareholders, where, like Bottom, he will roar like a sucking dove. It is really a pity that "Midsummer Night's Dream" was withdrawn from the Princess's before he decided to come to town. Was it, we wonder, among the amusements which the Broken Hill deputation made it a point of honour to see when going the rounds of Mel bourne by night? If the miners are in the mood for taking a sober view of the situation it phould strike them that they are getting no substantial return for the sacrifice they have made of their wages. Mr. Sleath is dancing and rampaging on his tar-barrel, and making a poor effort to l>e funny over the purchase of one share, but if nothing conies of all these melodramatic strokes what will they think then? The sight of a large body of men keeping themselves on short allowance is very impressive, but the self-denial seems absurd when there is no necessity for it. All the miners can say is that they, struck in order to bring the workings to grief-there was 110 other object in striking-and the workings are holding up as it nothing liad happened. Mr. Sleath's coming to Melbourne with a photograph showing the surface effects of a supposed "creep"calls to mind Lord Dun dreary's getting samples of soil in pi 11-boxes from brother Sam, in America, as testimony to the fertility of the country out west that his lordship was invited by brother Sam to | buy. Photographing hollows in the ground has the merit of being novel as a strike sustaining expedient* You have the pickets round the mines to prevent anyone from going below, and the photographer with his camera watching 16r the sinking of the ground that the Strifeets fondly hope may ensue from picketing. The scene is ludi crous, and may be described as tJie drowning strike-maker catching at straws. Mr. Sleath's solicitude for the safety ot the mines and the pecuniary comfort of tiie holders is, of course, put on, and the putting on is very poor, Were he t»si»ioereJy«5*>°«i8 to jstave off creep*, the plan withdraw the pickets and^fell resume worfeihg, pending But that" is ^lot his * -^r is to creaW cteew. or 4 "The men,'T iie says, 'have never refusal to fitope by contract." Then v.i»y were they called outliecause " the directors broke the agreement by pu*:i:.g the iwn on timber ing work "-in anticipation or a strike-" in stead of taking c.nt ore as usual, as sgree merit distinctly stated shou! ] K- done." Was there ever such poor ar-ruin:: * The men struck because their iiiteMion to strik * was foreseen, and '"it is contrary to the agree ment" to see into the pi .;.? and intentions of strike-makers. Mr. v:e.tth ivhnhs that the picketing is serving no purpose for lie dt-nies that anyone is being sto: ;«d v- ;r.' e the men somc-tiiing to do. The men ninst be pleased to henr that i:.-y spend these i-ng Winter nights in the free;::ns air merely be cause Mr. Siea.th is afraid to Jet them go to Led. Picketing star. Is in the way of a con-; ference. bnt the pickets cannot be -.vithdnno because unionism v.o-M be a'/knowl* d/mg that it had made a mistake. lJoth sides must give somethi;."' up. so that Mr. .Sie«v:h shall t not seem snca a rash :o:i ir. the eyes oi the ; men as lie is. A strike kv ler does not ap- 1 pear to i.ee i eomrac-n s««e. or sobr>:y oi. ju igment, or the coolness and resource of .1:1 able general. He reo aires only to l>e a verbal ouibbler. What he does at random and on the spur of the moment can be excused, if it proves to be wrong, by ingenious word-' splitting. Mr. ."-ienTh came all the way from ; Broken Hill to Melbourne to srgue that j gi\ ing a month's notice ot tine termination or ? ar. agreement is violating it. and to play dmis the fears of timid shareholders with a photo graph. A report on the fine art of account cook- ing has been presented to the Tasmaman Government by the commission appointed to make diligent inquiry into the affairs of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land. It should encourage the members of the Legislative Assembly in this colony, if there are any left with free souls, to ask for a similar inquiry into the affairs of the Banks and Munro land banks which have come down one after the other like houses of cards. Where has all the cash gone, and who got it, that depositors is Melbourne and London were entrapped into lending to those collapsible institutions ? And who prepared the accounts which last, February deceived people into buying shares in the Mercantile Bank, when it was repre- sented to be flourishing, but was really insol- vent. The officials who have suffered for their misdoings in connection with the Pre- mier Building Society, the South Melbourne Building Society, and the Land Credit Bank will have grounds for complaining of harsh treatment if they alone hs ve their conduct in quired into amid so much d«*ception. The facts wouid have ail come out had it not been 1 for the cleverness of the Monro Government, with the countenance of land-boomers in Parliament, in hurryinp through an act which deprived the Supreme Court of the power to order winding-up und^r the scrutiny of Judge MoJesworth, It looks as if the Mercantile Bank: was made use of as a decoy. The fine ? names on its London directory tempted Eng lish people into depositing, but when the cash arrived in Melbourne the land banks having a family relationship with the Mer cantile bled it of its deposits. How was that managedThe London depositors are send ing out an accountant to inquire, and Sir Matthew Davies is coming back post haste so as to be in time to open the door to him lrom the inside with true hospitality, but the ruinous circumstances of the times demand a public investigation, so that none shall escape whipping who may be found to deserve it. The cooking done in the Bank of Van Diemen's Land was neat. The manager had a draft on a Melbourne bank for £5,000. He said " that is equal to cash," and wrote up the coin and bullion by £5,000, at the same time counting the draft as money "owing by other banks." His second exploit was his treating permission from a London bank to borrow £30,000 (a permisssion on the eve of expiring) as a debt owing by that bank, when, if the borrowing had taken place, it would have been a debt owing by the Van Diemen's Land Bank. The object in both cases was to swell the amount of assets and misrepresent the financial position of the bank. Now what- ever is to follow from revelations of that kind, anything or nothing, it is very necessary that we should have inquiry where there are grounds for suspecting ; and the Government of this colony, since it has taken away from bewildered creditors the power of finding out for themselves, is bound in honour to make inquiry in their behalf, unless the act of last session was passed with the deliberate inten- tion of covering up foul deeds, and prevent- ing repetitions of the Premier prosecution. The wreckage which the ship Murrum- bidgee passed through between the Cape of Good Hope and Port Phillip may now be considered proved to have been the cargo floated out of the American ship Africa, whose captain and crew were landed in safety at Newcastle by the Arethusa last week. The sea was strewn for 66 miles with cases of kerosene such as ships leaving an American port carry, but there was no sign of any ship. Time, place, and cargo fit in with the disaster that happened to the Africa, which was caught in a hurricane on June 3, in lat. 40, and carried, in the course of five days, to long. 35 E., where the Arethusa came to the rescue. The Murrumbidgee fell T Iw^fpBhNf^rrftnkaaa on June 24 (10 days pe)in iat. 4L a, and long. 40*25 200 and800 miles to spot where the Africa ie wreckage was hers, it as tbe .Airica waB fihe was at the sre0&t;>o&i;& . |fo Veim&char;, ^flauritias, ^jaodiocality, aerie* tiie l»d ; It is not very clear from the narrative how J the Africa came to be so very speedilv dis jabJed. She withstood the gale of .Tune 3. | from 1 a.m. until 11. the wir.d changing in the meant'.me, in.5 the:; by seas canieai>oard, I starting the hatches and Jetting water below, after which she gradually cot water-logged. ! Her masts an 1 yards became an incambrur.ee, ' while they deprive.4, her of buoyancy and ; i.v-e net ion. the sea nude havoc with the i;->a.»es on .-leek and the saloon. Attempts Vvre made to get oat the boats, hat lnckiiy they failed. a!i hands 1?' owing their being saved to their keeping on board till rescue arrived. Thfy were short of provisions and water, but still had enough to keep alive on. The only woman on i»oard, Mrs. Beveridge, the captain's wife, suffered severe privations, having to be lashed to the rigging 'where she was exposed to wind and weather; daring the greater part of one day. June, it should be noted, is a co'd winter month in lat. 40. east of the Cape. Had the Arethus3 been a few hoars later she would have been too late; yet she did not see the Africa fro down, and i that vessel must have kept afloat for several j days to giv e the cargo time to break loose and j scatter itself, like the "scent" left behind in j a paper chase. The loss of the Africa and! the dismasting of the Loch Vennachar show ( two things-that the modern ship is hard to ( sink, even when built of iron, and that the j track is now so well beaten that when cargo | breaks loose in any quantity it is sure to be ; sighted. Mysterious disappearances are not j nearly so frequent as they used to j be when ships like the Ked Jacket; 'eft port to be never heard of more. ! The present has been a winter of gales in the j xjntiiern wean oetveen tne ^ape ox \jwju Hope an-i Australia. We have not jet arrive! at the stage of knowir.g why one vear should be stormy and another not, nor of determining whether stormy years are to be considered! blessings. from a rain}" point of .. for Australia. AIF the republicanism of Mr. Dibbs may be supposed to have vanished now that he has become Sir George, and wears the collar and star of St. Michael and St. George, placed upon him by the Queen's o\m hands. Mr. Dibbs went home assuring his club com panions that if he returned with any flourishes to his name they would be after it, not before : but a new privy councillor does not seem to be wanted just at present, and, after all, the difference between Right Honourable and Sir is one of degree, not kind, and both are honours bestowed by the Crown. Sir George may drop his flag of inde pendence into the box where the old toys are without any one taking offence or ex pressing surprise. For the New South Wales Premier is not, and never has been, serious about any of 2)is opinions. He has never been accused of possessing any stubborn convictions. Under the foot of rich mould forming the surface you come upon hardi rock, into which no roots of any sort have ever penetrated. The temperament of Sir George Dibbs is not of the thinking kind. An idea occurs to him, and he adopts it with enthusiasm, if he likes it. There was a time when he would have brained the man who Btood up in bis pre sence and said that there was nothing in free trade. He scoffed at protection, until one day it suddenly occurred to him that pro tection was the watchword of electors whose votes would be useful to a politician sorely in need of supporters, and he proclaimed him self a convert. He is now ready to brain any man who says that there is nothing in pro tection. Yet he must not be ticketed a shifty weathercock. Though he does ; not think, he ha3 the instincts and | emotions of a big, burly, healthy man, j and just as one may follow, with reasonable ; confidence, after an elephant (when one would not trust a fox) so one may take the same road as Sir George Dibbs without feel ing any apprehension that it will lead one into a trap or an ambush. When he set out for England he had only a vague idea why he was going. There was something to be done in regard to future loan-floating. The poor Agents-General in London got scared out of their wits when they heard that before leaving Australia Mr. Dibbs had consulted Premiers in Melbourne and Adelade. They thought he might be bringing orders curtail ing their dignify. But his principal object was to take a sea voyage and a holiday, and shake off ailments which were preventing him doing the Premier's work. On his land ing, it was seen that he was & marsupial lion who ought to be feted. Lord Carrington, no doubt, whispered judicious hints in the right quartets, and Mr. Dibbs had attentions showered upon him. He was remembered as Premier of the Government which Bent the contingent to the Soudan, not in any shape a republican or independence-seeking move. A new world opened itself up-Mr. Dibbs found himself among new men, heard new ideas, and had the opportunity of seeing, with his eyes, that there are 350 millions of people in Europe, who to our profit we may do something towards clothing with Aus tralian wool, but who are usually too busy with their own affairs to inquire what parti cular politician is swaggering down George street If the principle is sound that the land to be bettered by the opening of a railway should; bear the cost of making it, thentheQueens-: land bill providing for die construction of railways on the laad-gtant system will give effect to that principle in a direct and unburdensome manner. The land-grant principle can only be brought Into operation in a colony having an abundance of un sold land. Queensland Is in that j>osi tion. Victoria has nothing but the mallee country left to try it in. The bill of the Griffith Ministry has passed the Legislative Awmbl/ rafter reoeiving searching elimination from Aemben^iso^r petent toad vise, and blindopposition -from the iflbonr party, wbioh would not be atth? pains to do anyfliipg but Bttgpeet, abstract, : ar.i rave. It has sU the appearance of i >ei ! a gK»i measan?, bat of course, until it lias j been pat to the test, the whole of its ; defects aiv? merits will not become known. ; The l-ili authorises the Governor in Council to enter into contracts with cotiipn:;iis for the ; onist ruction of railways to he paid for in blocks ot land along the iine of route. The nil n ay may be made on the condition that it has to be handed over as soon as finished, or after the expiration of iV1 years, or when the Government want to purchase ; and accord ing to the condition chosen, so will the quan tity of land be proportioned. Under comii , t:on 2 the land given will,in value, bedoubletlie , estimated cost of making; anderconditionlor IS. it will equal the estimated cost of making. ; On a line being determined on, the Govern ' ment will reserve the land along the route, , the extent of frontage and depth being ; limited ly the hi!!, and when tiie company j becomes entitled to claim its land the com j pany and the Government will choose blocks j alternately, like captains of scratch teams j picking sides man by man. The company | will be allowed to select as it completes the j iine. section by section, but it will not get i the Crown grant for the whole until a i specified time after the work has been done. ! Care is taken that the company shall i work the railway in a business- like manner, i and should it fail the Government may enter ( | into possession. Where lands at present ; under lease to Crown tenants come within j | h e scope of the bill, the company will have j to pay the tenant the value c-f all improve- j | ments taken over by it. The bill seems to j ! have been drawr>, like all the measures of j Sir Samuel GriiSth, with extreme nicety and | after thorough study of the question dealt. with. There have been few more striking in-1 stances of the growth of a great business from a small beginning than that of the Tourist i Agency established by the late Mr. Thomas j Cook. When, 50 years ago, Mr. Cook, a wood turner ly trade, and afterwards a village missionary, undertook to organise a ! temperance excursion by train from Leicester j to Loughborough, a distance ol only 12 miles, j he little thought that he was laying the foundations of a great and unique enterprise. The temperance excursion was indeed carried out with complete success : 570 passengers were safely landed at their destination. At i the time the undertaking was thought some- j thing wonderful, but we must remember that1 railways were in their infancy, excursion ; trains were not then as they are now of every- j day occurrence, and the arrangements neces- j sary for carrying safely and comfortably 500 1 people wonld be considerable. Hence theerent i was looked upon as exceptional and extra- j ordinary, and so as a matter of fact it was. if only because it led Mr. Cook into a totally ; new and hitherto undreamt-of business. Rail- j ways were there, and those who were ready 1 to avail themselves of the new mode of travel-. ling were plentiful. What was wanted was ; someone who wonld make all the necessary : arrangements, so as to render railway travel-1 ling easy and comfortable for the multitude. ! Mr. Cook stepped in and supplied the want ' The success of his first excursion natarally | led him to ondertake others of a similar kind, ! in connection, that is, with temperance ! societies and Sunday schools. Gradually he | extended his operations until they came to { include Wales and Scotland, the Continent, and ultimately the wrhole of the civilised j world. Cook's tourists have come to be j recognised as one of the characteristic features of oar time. But the conveyance of j tourist parties is now- a comparatively small j part of Messrs. Cook's business. They have become a great firm of cosmopolitan bankers,! issuing circular notes and letters of credit to every part of the world. Large numbers of persons who have never been Cook's tourists find it very convenient to use their coupons, and a traveller arriving in a foreign capital will often gave a great deal of trouble by going to the office of Messrs. Cook and Son. This vast business has been built j up by bard work and attention to details, combined, of course, with unusual organising capacity. From the first Mr. Thomas Cook used to accompany his excursion parties and look after their wants himself, and for many years all the work was done by him and his son, Mr. J. M. Cook. Nothing showed more strongly the efficiency of the firm's organisa tion than the fact that in 1884 it undertook to transport all the men and material of the Gordon relief expedition as far as the second cataract and actually conveyed up the Kile 11,000 English and 7,000 Egyptian troops, 130,000 tons of «tores and war material, and between 60,000 and 70,000 tons of coal. No part of the world is so subject to earthquakes and volcanic disturbances as the Indian Archipelago, and the latest disaster reported from that quarter is only one of a long series. The island of Sanguir, the eceae oi this great catastrophe, is situeie pine Group, It is -only a small island, about 80 miles long by from 10 to 16 pules broad, ihongh a populous one, and at the. northern end is a volcano called Abu, or the A?h fountain, which 36 years ago devastated the country and killed 2,000 people, Jhesame number as, according to the latest reports, have perished on this occasion-. The first newaof the eruption was brought to Sydney by the steamer Cotterthun, which heard of it at Timor. There the report was -.that the island had been Mown to atoms, but this appears to have, been an exaggeration. Captain Shpnnop, of the Cattherthun, was informed by thpAgent of the E. and A, Co., atQili, ill Timor, $hat on June 7, the day of jl^eeniptipp. thw wasa sharp shock, suc VofeVtysfQ.;jHjfflUw roi&Ming; noisei, and sounds «s were heard it i» 700 miles £. Russell, the Go veWtt^^iaaironoitter at Sydney,' states that ' tidal Carres were ' 1 very irregular and disturbed, and continued ' so throughout the next day. At 3 o'clock on ' the morning of the Oth the greatest diatnr ! l>ance took pi nee, there being a wnve of 3Jin. ' and halt an hour's duration. It is, however, l-y no weans certain that these perturbations were due to the eruption. On the contrary, Mr. liussell thinks that they were not, aa the ' tidal wave comes from the eastward, and would be opposed to the transmis sion of the disturbance from Sauguir. ? The present disaster calls to mind the far : more terrible one that happened in 1883, at I the island of Krakatoa. in the Straits of ; Sunda. That island was about the same size ' as Sangtiir, and it was almost entirely . swallowed up by the sea, the loss of life . )>ein£ estimated at 50.000 or CO,000. Accord ; in# to the latest information only the north western portion of Sanguir lias been | destroyed, the loss of life being placed at I 2,000, and not 12,000 as was at first feared. ; That the eruption was a tremendous one it 1 evident from the fact that when the ? Cattertiiun passed through the Celebes Sea 119 days afterwards the sea was for miles covered with debris and masses of timber and other wreckage, while the Dutch mail steamer which brought the news from Sanguir to Timor was smothered with ashes, and found the air so dark with smoke that it was impossible to see any distance. 