Dibfos in High Life, The accounts of Sir George Dlbbs's trium phal progress through. England which aie now coming to hand by every mail f urniBh. some curious reading. Really through, no fault of the principal figure in these wan derings, but rather through the eccentric tendencies of the scribes who have chron- . icled his doings, the world is furnished with a modern version, written, not as a burles que but in all seriousness of the ' Book of Snobs ' or the ' Yellow-plush Papers.' Sir George, after having spent some years in decrying the finances of this country, when in opposition, and accumulating a deficit when in office, went . to England ostensibly to explain the soundness of Australian finance and to urge the desirability of permitting the Investment of trust funds in Australian securities. Very naturally this attempt came to nothing. Having just lately elaborated a scheme of duties tending to lessen the intercourse of New South Wales with ths rest of the world, he .made various speeches favoring fraternisation with other parts of the Empire, not ably one expressing aspirations for more business with Canada, and naturally again he was judged by his deeds rather than his words. Those who waited upon his in-comings and his out-goings seem to have taken much the same view of Mm as those who listened to his speeches. To the meetings at which Sir George spoke people were, it is not unfair to surmise, drawn as much by curiosity to see the new importation suddenly introduced into strange surroundings as by the hope of deriving instruction from what he might say ; the auditors, to put it in another way, wanted, not so much to receive impressions from Sir George, as to see -what impression they as a community had made upon him. This is the sort of feel ing that led Londoners to crowd after the Shah, Cetewayo, and the Sultan of Zanzi bar, and it is one that is the more likely to be gratified when the object of attention is introduced to objects previously quite strange to him. Sir Geohge knew business men well be fore ever he saw London, and was used to . public meetings, and so he did not afford any particularly interesting studies when in company with city bigwigs or address ing institutes. But courts, except the merely reflected glories of Government houses, were a new thing to him ; and lords on, so to speak, their native heaths he had no ex perience of ; he only knew them when transplanted, converted into -governors, and tied down by constitutional limitations. Hence the introduction of G. R. Dibbs into 'the polite world' was an event, it was a bringing into con tact of forces never before seen in conjunc tion, the amalgamation of which might be expected to produce startling phe nomena. Hence the minute de scriptions that have surpassed the glowing account of Jeames de la Plushe going to the levee in uniform and wearing the Albert hat. Social students have been rewarded for their careful noting of the course of our Premier in the ' upper suckles' by seeing him change from a republican to a courtier with chamelon-like ease and rapidity. The goodwill with which he endured the transformation, has made it evident that had his lines only been cast a few generations ago, he would have been just the -man whose heart would have been won by an appointment as groom of the royal posset, or hereditary grand boot-jack. At least, that is just what the word pictures of our senior morning contemporary would have us to believe ; but it may be that their central figure has a soul further ' above buttons ' than the gentleman who depicts him. That artist records that at Windsor Sir George (then Mr.) Dibbs ' had the opportunity of ob serving the, rigid code of court etiquette maintained by the Sovereign, and the satisfaction of knowing — -if satisfaction it was — that a colonel of the army, who had served her Majesty with distinction in another part of the Empire, sat down with a less exalted section of the house hold — in other words, he had to con tent himself with the table below.' This may have been written to the greater glorification of Dibbs, or to further (the abolition of court etiquette. But it is in the tone of the much decried Court Circular that there is immediately afterward made the very startling an nouncement that at the interview 'with the Queen that was the object of the Windsor visit, ' Her Majesty remained stand ing during the entire conversation.' As the ' entire conversation '' con sisted of only about half a dozen sentences it was hardly worth to record that it -was conducted with all politeness. We will go as far as to say that no one would have expected anything else from, either of the parties to it. T^e above were the serious parts of Mi. Dibbs's social experiences, as were very possibly also an hour's conversation with H.R.H. the Prin cess Louise -upon colonial matters and a meeting at Hatfield, ' the ancestral home of the Cecils,' with that R*yal lady, the Duke of Edinburgh, the King of Ronmania, and Princes Ferdinand and Leopold of Hohenzollern. But with the account of a dinner at Hatfield -with Lord Salisbury one gets into regions of pure farce. The: fol lowing is now solemn matter of history: The whole of the Royal party left about 6 o'clock. Mr. Dibbs, who was to stay over night, went to his room— the much-coveted- chamber which bears the name of 'Beaconsfield, the one reserved in days gone by for the use of the. gifted Earl when'he was the guest of the owner of Hat field — to dress for dinner. Imagine Ms astonish ment to find that the valise containing his evening attire had disappeared. The Duke of Bdinburgh'n valet had removed it with his master's luggage. A day afterwards' the valise was returned with : profuse apologies, but it was minus the dress coat. The accident put Mr. Dibbs in a rather awkward, position on the Sunday evening, but the Marquis and Marchioness, on hearing of the mishap, would on no account allow him to be excused from dinner. What mattered it for evening dress ! Such formality could be dispensed with by the heads of the House of Cecil. He must dine for the once in day attire, and so he did. How noble! How touching! Imagine the confusion of the ex-republican in not having a swallow-tail coat ; the condescen sion of the noble marquis in permitting him to appear without one. This is indesd an instance of the one touch of nature that makes tha whole world kin, of the silken thread that binds to gether the mother country and Greater Britain. But is there any dark mystery behind this tale of a coat? Will it in after years be disclosed in some memoirs that the D — of — E — actually incited Mb valet to purloin the coat of Sir G. D. while the latter was visiting at the house of a well-known statesman ? Or may it come to be known that the coat was confiscated by royalty as a test of the real depth Sir G. Dibbs's renunciation of his republican heresies ? We hope it is the latter sur mise only that is correct, but it makes one suspicious to read in the same letter — I am told that the tall dignified form of Jhe antipodean Premier attracted much notice, and that the good people of Cardiff were greatly astonished to find that in stature he exceeded even Lord Bute himself. Has Lord Bute caused this to be published so as to warn the public that if any of his guest's wearing apparel is found to be miss ing he cannot be suspected of abstracting that which is of no use to any but the gigantic owner? Really it is a good thing that the Premier has at last left England. Mr. Varney Parkes's contribution to the free trade campaign on Tuesday, though coming from what may be regarded as one of the lesser lights of the party, was not the least effective of the addresses delivered of late on the political situation. To be euro, in criticising politicians who occupy the anomalous positions of Sir George Dibbs and Mr. Barton, the task of the mem ber for East Sydney was easy enough. The former he characterised as a political soldier of fortune, and the latter as the most inconsistent man who had ever trodden a platform here. It is an encouraging sign that a freetrade politician can now appear on a public platform and not be howled down by a handful of fanatics and rowdies. The favorable reception Mr.' Parkesgot last night from his constituents, or rather the absence of rowdy interruptions, rather inclines one to the belief that enthusiasm in the restrictionist cause has of late been taxed out of the more rowdy section of its adherents. Poor Mr. Munro, the Victorian Agent-General, is now, it would seem, pretty certain to be ' sent for' — that is to say, in the sporting, not the political sense of the term. We read to-day in the cable messages that he has no intention of re signing, and that he has heard nothing from his Government on the question of his position. Nevertheless, his days in London as official repre sentative of Victoria are as good as numbered, and his recall may now be expected at any moment. This may be gathered, not from what the Vic torian Cabinet has done, for as a matter of fact it has done nothing in the matter, but from what is being said inside and outside Parliament. In a debate which took place in the Assembly yesterday on a motion re. specting future appointments, Mr. Patterson dealt severely with Mr. Muuro, and expressed surprise that he should continue to hold the position of Agent-General. But more potential than the voice of Mr. Patterson is that of the leading journals. Both Abgtjs and Age agree on the subject, and when we find those two widely differing exponents of public opinion agreeing upon any question, oppo sition to their views is invariably futile.- The Argus points out that the Eeal Estate Bank is insolvent, that Mr. Munro, its chairman, is in the same condition; and that is an extra ordinary position for the accredited representative of Victoria in the financial world to occupy. It adds that if the Government have not Mr. Mcnro's resignation in their possession they are to blame. The Age declares that Mr. Munro's presence in London at a juncture like this, as the official representative of the Victorian Government, is a standing peril to the colony's credit. And no doubt it is.* Still, Ministers have hesitated to take the extreme step oof recalling their Agent-GeneraL They have some delicacy on the subject, probably on the score of Mr. Munro's successor. It is quite on' the cards that Sir Graham Berry will again obtain the coveted post. Frauds by persons occupying much more re sponsible positions than t^at of the treasurer of an ordinary, labor society have unfortunately been too common of late to render it a very sur prising fact that such an official has ' gone wrong.' The addition to the ranks of convicted swindlers which has been made in the person of Frederick Jabez Eogers, late treasurer of the Locomotive Engine Drivers' and Firemen's Association in Melbourne, is, how ever, as regrettable on the one hand as it is satis factory on the other. It is regrettable, of course from the fact of its tending to destroy that confidence which should exist among fellow-workers ; but certainly the discovery of the criminal is a matter for congratulation to thosa whom he had victimised. Eogers pleaded guilty, and got a sentence of two years, which sentence, in spite of the proverbial reminder that a sin confessed is half atoned for, seems to have been richly deserved. . When the rush set in to New Zealand gold fields in 1862-63, . Victoria contributed a large proportion of the diggers who flocked thither. Anthony Trollope had not yet visited this quarter of the globe, and had n«tmade the announcement that, though ''blowing' ' was a pretty well understood art all .over Australia, the past masters of it were undoubtedly to be found in Victoria. But, even at that comparatively early date, the Victorian fairly astonished the more easy-going and matter-of-fact colonists of Otago, and not mere so by his pushing ways than by the extraordinary fantasias which he was apt to perform on his own trumpet. There was doubtless a good t deal of stupid jealousy on the part' of the / ftold identities'* with: respect to their Victorian invader. But anyhow it took for awhile at least, a 'no good thing can come out of Galilee ' sort of tone. At that time, . then, such a piece of news as is .- reported from the North Island would no doubt hare been heard of with something of grim- BatUfeotion is that .quarter of the middle island, which has just-been - referred to. 'A death adder, six feet long,' says the cablegram, ' has been found in the Wel lington ? Province. It is supposed 'to have been brought from Victoria in some cases.' Snake swallowing has come to life again as a subject of discussion. The indefatigable Mr. Bray has been experimenting with various rep tiles in the hope of frightening them into' giving an exhibition of their accredited habit of swallowing their young, but all to no purpose. He began with a blackfellow, but although the native danced his own awful corrdboree and showed mother snake his ugly face, the reptile was un moved. Mr. Bray had no better suc cess with the laughing jackass and other birds, with jew lizards, native cats, and opposums. He might as well, for all the effect it had upon the insensate reptile, have tried Meg Merriles's mandate to the Dominie Samson — 'Gape, sinner, and swallow.' A blackfellow . trying to frighten a snake by dancing a corrobborea before it is a decidedly grotesque proceeding, but a waste of time. One is reminded of the famous Gil bertian dispute between the ghost and the goblin as to which possessed the greater power of inspiring terror — The imp, with shriek uneprtUy, wild, Threw off Us dark enclosure; His dauutlesE victim stood and smiled With singular composure. The ghost fared no better when he made his effort. The dispute was undecided. Like Mr. Bray's blackfellow they had wasted their time* One had been trying his powers upon a tailor's dummy and the other upon a wooden High lander ! Bussia in the old saying was described as a despotism tempered by assassination. In the old meaning of the phrase, however, it was the Eus sian despots themselves, who were supposed to j furnish special illustrations of the tempering j business. Nowadays there is an apparent change in that respect, inasmuch at all events as the assassination is said to be resorted to for the bene fit of neighboring potentates as well as Eussian ones. Papers were seized the other day which were thought to implicate the Russian Government in the. attempt on the life of Prince Ferdinand, of Bulgaria, and now it is reported that Eussian emissaries are dog ging the footsteps of the Bulgarian agent in Constantinople. ? ^^ 