jldprf Jkmmu \- . .INTERNATIONAL (AFTERNOON) LESSON. SEPTEMBER 18. BE VIEW. • GOLDEN TEXT. .. , God also bearing them •witness, both with signs and • Wonders, and gifts of the Holy Ghcst.—Heb. 2 : 4. .'THE eleven lessons now under review contain the story '•:- v jof the infancy of the Christian Church. We are, all jiairoBijh, among the beginnings of things. Thus— Tho "Foundation of the Church : in the Ascension of : ^Christ and the Gift of the Spirit (July 3,10). The First Love and Zeal of the Church (July 17). . The First Apostolic Miracle (July 24). '. .'The First Persecutions (July 31, August 7, 21). • The First Sin and Judgment (Aug. 14). "The First Martyr (Aug. 28). 'The First Departure from Jerusalem: to Samaria, ^and to the African Traveller (Sept. 4, 11). . Each of these subjects will in turn illustrate the Golden Text : God bearing witness to His servants who bore their witness for Him, Certain points should be selected besides those noted . in the lessons; or the more important teachings already ' dwelt upoa should be enforced with new emphasis— showing the connection of ihe whole. The time occupied is set down by some at from four to five years j by others at less than two years. On this we cannot be certain. ' 1, The Founda tion of the Church: in the work of J e8U3 Christ and of the Holy Spirit. Jesus ascends to ihe right hand of God ; and He sends the Spirit, " the •Comforter," according to His promise. What, then, is Ihe Church 1 As in the beginning, so it must always be. A society of men, women (and children), who obey Christ, the living Saviour, and are taught and led by the Spirit of God. 2\. The love and Zeal of the first disciples are an example to us. How? Not in selling and giving away all that we have, but in the love which makes us xeady to do PJI that we reasonably or rightly can for others. The teaching of Christ is to conquer selfishness, and His great rule is to love and help one another. So we cannot follow the example of those early Christians in being daily, in God's house, but we may learn from them to love to meet whenever we can do so. glad to be together, and to worbhip God. 3\. The First Miracle was a " sign " that Jesus was •with His servants. When on earth He had healed the sick and given strength to the lame ; and He shows that He is still the same. The power of the apostles •was His power. Bemember how plainly Peter and John declared this. So it was always in the wonders •wrought by Christ's followers. Such miracles are not performed now. But Jesus, the living Saviour, still works through His servants in other ways. The power He gives is power to turn from siu, to do what is right, to serve Him. So He repeats irom day to day the •wonders of His love. 4, The First Persecutions of the Church were very useful, in showing who were true believers. None else could stand up boldly, as Peter and John did first, and then all the apostles, before the Jewish Council. Then the trouble helped to make the apostles stronger and braver. Like the storm which beats upon the tree andseems likely to tear it -up, but only causes its roots to strike more firmly into the ground. [Recall some of the brave words of tf-ese witnesses for Christ.J It gave thsm an opportunity of preaching the gospel to some who otherwise might not have heard it. rfeecb. 12 ; 5: 30, 31— golden words, spoken not in Sermons, but by prisoners at the bar, speaking to their / persecutors and.to the people of all time. -5. The First Sin and Judgment recorded in the Church's history %vas a useful though a terri ble warning. It showed, ^hat the greatest dangers may arise not from withoHfimt from within ; and so would set all on t'.ieir guard, lest they too should be found deceivers. On "the evening of the day when Ananias and Sapphira • bad died, what prayers there must have been, " Hold /Thou me up, and I shall be safe 1" God marks and '. will punish the sins of His professed peeple. 6 The First Martyr. Stephen, and one of "the seven," whose name signifies crown, was not an apostle, but a companion of the apostles. He led the way in which thousands have followed. [Give the names of ^some illu9tiious martyrs, and some o£ their words. 1 Only remember, a martyr is a witness. Stephen was a •.'.' witness in other wajs before he bore witness in his > death. Look at his "speech before the Council—how •'• wonderfully he told the story of God's ancient people 1 * Ihere is a witnessing for Christ by our speaking; yet more powerfully by our living ; yet more impressively, we are called to it, by our suffering. All can live fdr Him, most can speak for Him, some have the honour "*4>i ^Buffering for Him (see Rev. 7 : 13-15). . 7, And now the scattering of the Church by persecu- : ti'6;n begins the Preaching of the Gospel to the World. two lessons which tell of this are as it were a abridge from the firBt part of the Acts of the Apostles thp second. The one shows us the Church in •;3ferusa!em, the other the Church of all mankind—the ^amaritan and the African nobleman first- fiuits of the "grid's great harvest. 