CIAPTER XLIV.-JuInAL R VSier?S JaLREY. That morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the house of Itimmon, Jubal and-his uncle David were coining across the Old Park, from the station of Jumley. " What a heathenish place this .is" Jubal remarked to his uncle,. looking scornfully around at the wretched tumble.down buildings, the literally black road, snd the great' mounds of cinders, and ominous-looking holes. "Really, I had no idea it was half so bad as this." "'ah, Jubal," said his uncle,;" we never can Judge a place till we've another to compare it whoitn. When I was a little lad,; and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should have been ready to slay anyone as had said Jumley wasn't the iest place in the world. No, not that," said David, blushing slightly. "I wasalways more like runnirn 'away than slaying anybody. inBut these mine, "he went on, pointing with his walking' stick, " weren't worked out then, Juba', that is, all of 'em weren't. 'And Joshua, your rather, Dorcas, and I, and the dear baby that died, we used to play of a night, at hop scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place; and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over there, Jobal I" he said, lndicating the remains of one; "many's the time I've seen your grandfather washing what he esled the first coat' on, out side that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very clean woman, and she couldn't bear to have her place messed up, she said, as soon as it was cleaned." "' Well, unale," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in his cheeks, "I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of. having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit; nor am ! particolarly in terested in detailed accouits oe his methods of performing a toilet nor of games played by my father and aunt Dorcas and you. And f bring any fellows home with me, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." "He was a very good man," said his uncle in a low tone. He was taking in with difficultywhat he was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on "Yoc see,however Interesting the'o accounts may boto members of the family, they cannot be interesting to outsiders." "But you are not an outsider, Jabal,' re plied his uncle, in the same grieved tone. "Still,you see," went on Jtbal, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbelongleg to him. Aud,"he added, tlk. ing out acigar, and lighting It, at the same tim•e being very careful not to soil his straw. colou?d glove, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white culs, "I can't say that 1 know a single mniember of the family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you.": And Jabal glanced throegh his long lashes at his uncle's face to see the effect of his little compliment. oH saw only the. troubled look. David Rimmon did not care much for compliments, and did not see them readily. But he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him "Waell, Jnbal, if I were you, I wouldn't o into ourfather's house smoking, seeing he dislikes it so." " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I shall not come here to palaver my. father. They are not to kill the fatted calf on my. behalf, and hail the prodigal returned. 'And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank, If I humoured his wishes ever so little. It be says I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shan't have a foundation of excuse for it. And see, uncle,"' he said, point ing with his hand in which he held his lighted clear for a moment, " as you are fond of re. min:eer.oss,there isthe no'ie edifice occupied by grandmother during 'the latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood." David,'slow though he was, could take the Impression of a tone as quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jubal had known her as a querulonus old woman, It was true; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother of. the family. He could remember many a time being rocked in her arms at the cottage door when he had fallen down, or when some playfellow had been hitting him. ile.did not put all this in words, but he said with a geutle dignity which became him greatly- ' "You asked me, Jubal. not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now beg of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I repeat It, never knew; for people are not themselves but someone else, when they are worn down by many griefs." " Oh, all right, uncle," said Jubal. "I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true what you say. I was only joking either." " That was just it," raid David; " you were joking." They were now passing a ruined enginc house ; and Jubal, happening to glance down, saw lying half-hidden under a rusty wheel what appeared to beo a bundle of parchment. Ile tookit up, and put it into his pocket. " What's that r" asked his uncle. " A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away " "' luty;u have never examinedit. It might be some important document. I don't know how you are to know, if you don't esuitue it" The fact is that Jubal did know what it was, and did not wit.h his uncle to know-that is, he knew toea certain extent. 'He had re= cognised his father's handwriting upon it; that stas enough for him. Yes ; the knife had been to the grinder's, and had got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreameof cutting on its own account. Jubal, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up,, and wishing to change his thoughts, remarked, ""-What an awful mess this road makes of one's boots and one's trousers I" " You can turn your trousers up," replied his uncle, looking down at Jobal's. "I turned maine up in thestation." ' " But you see," return Jnbal, in a lordly fashion, " trouner-bottoms never sit well when they've been turned up. It quite spods the look." This kind of talk was beyond David's com proheusion. Dut juit ashe bd lalways thought that Joshua kneow better than he did, so now he thought that Jubal did, at least in m.st things. The stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weakerouo. A strong wind is propellin; a boat on a coarse which threatens. disanter; surely- the wind cannot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the sails ? The boat may be bl.trL upion the rokel:, and sm:aed to atome, but whati of that ? Ou mtut autmit to the will of I'rotvllenco. .Tub lll.ldeI h0i co:lat a httl !ot-n. and tcoothedl a wnrnmkle. They w-ret in thu road whre htis father hIoed. Ia thie hiouses they had to pcI. peeolte, uii:;that, at the aiedowos pIopl. bo had lknown, :nt who hadl known hi. when he wa shabbby, and used to go nablout with a stoop. Boys he naed to pla I micabts would probablyl eo ns Well, oi they dd;, th ey :should se a gentlenua, a fashionnble man of the world.' 3ubal thought, I who was not ruined by his father'sdieinhrttitln him who was not coming home in sack cloth and ashes to denote his repentance, hut In as fashionable a suit as the best Xanchester tailorcould make for him, and with an air and manner befitting such clothes. -It was no beggar coming to his father's house to ask bread. Jubal went as a prince conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not aon Tubal so long, could hardly keep her joy in. She seized hun after the manner 'df the Black County people not too gently. " And oh, what a beautiful gentleman he's growis into," she exclaimed. "Bless his handseme ace? " ';. It was not until she had exhausted as many epithets as she could think of, that she began to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. In fact, ho was considering whether she had been cooking; and might p6sslblygrease his clothes. "Oh, so it'syon, Sarah. How do you do P" This without a smile, and in avery condescend. ing way; andhe was about to pass her, when heo turned back, and putting his hand lin his pocket, took out half-a-crown. " Here, Strah," ho said, superiorly, "you lent me half-a.crown onco;'heroitlIs. Ijustrememberedit." Sarah stared at him in blank amazement, but did not hold out her hand-the hard. working, rough hand that was always so kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loving oflices for those she cared for. Jubul dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking great care not to touch her with his glove. ''ho touch of the cold metal seemed to make Sarah reallo? the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her head, and began to mob, whileoho gasped out "?o, I will never take it ; no, not if I were starving. To think that I would ha' give all mysavngs for one shake of his hand." Jubal flushed, and drew off one of his tight. 'ltiogglovee. " Dear me," he said, "If it's a shako-hands you want, I don't object to shaking hands ;" and he hold out a hand white enough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. How many have had to suffer a like disappointment: how few are prepared for it beforehand. Our brothtrorour sister goes away from us for years, to come back again, so the world says. The body returns, perhaps, but the same self never. We have sld good--bye to that person for ever. Yet those who stay at home think of the absent day and night during the long years, and break their hearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubal merely did' as the world does; only Sarah had never thought out the question. She knew that for years she had lghtened his life when he was at home and nmserable, that she had during the past -week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger and did not even shake hands with her. O seiple Sarah i with your good heart, you have made And hidden away in the cupboard an apple pasty for him ; but his tastes have changed, he does not care for apple.pstly'now. Pal' de fobe grar is more in his line. You may as well tleave he pasty in the cupboard where It Is. But people in the Black Country don't cry uuletl7. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah', cry brought Misa purscae n the cqene, resplendent In a green silk. S' Whatever's this disturbance about ?" said that lady. But her eyes failing on her nephew, shewas thunderstruacby his appeorauee. 'oul, this handsome figure that mighthave come out of a gentleman's fashlou.book be her nephew J bel P It seemed impossible. " How dye do, aunt I" said Jobal, extending the tipset his fngere. ' I think you are too fine for such a house as this," she remarked nomowhat cuttingly. " We -are not grand enough for such a fine gentle man." ". Ah,' said Jubal with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) ,." It is not to enjoy myself I have come, but to see the nakedness of the land. You see," he said, hoping his father was somewhere within hearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowledge rust. Bat really aunt, you are behind the times down here'at Juinley ; green LsU't in fashion; you know, now--hot in Manchester." This wass very spiteful thrust, and it went home. "You are very rude, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. "I get the faahlon- plate regularly., I know what's in fashion better than you. Well David," she said, turning abruptly towatds fher brother; and a cool family kiss wasee exchanged. But where was Mrs. Itimmon all this time ? Will it be believed she was within hearing, and yet did not come to speak to her son ? She was halflfrafd.He did not seem to have received the others well; what would he think of her P Jubal went into the dining-room, not seeing his mother in the dark passage leading into the kitchen. The table was laid for dinner. Jubal looked at everything on the table. while his uncle and his father shook hands. Mr. Itlmmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that he could live without shaking hands with hisfather; so there wasno sort of greetina between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, as he would speak to any strauger; and an occasion came.a Jubal sat down on one of the chairs, and got up again directly, looking saornfully at it. " "You don't mean to say that you've not had the spring of that chair mended yet P" he said to his father.; and that was all. Dinner must come in, and Mrs. aimmon knew she could delay no longer; so she timidly entered the room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her and held .her from him and looked at her, and kissed her again. "The farce has begun, has it ?" said Miss Dorcas, seeing this. "No," said Jubh, standing with his arm round his mother's waist, " It has not. The farce will begin when the minister comes in to tea, and you and father act the loving family before him." . When Kezlah entered the room, very pale, and looking paler in her black dress, which she wore for her grandmother, Jnbal could hardly believe it was his sister. The short, crisp, black curls were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be changed: they were more pointed-a change due to thinness. . She went first and kissed her uncle David. He pressed her hand encouragingly, and was touch tenderer than ever in his manner towards her. Then Kezih went behind Jutal's chair, and, leaning over, kissed his forehead. " Oh, Keziah," exclaimed Jubal, starting, " how frightfully cold your hpe are I" Si" Are they " said Keziah, with a wan emily; and she took her plate at the table, kissing her mother as shepassed her. - The door was. now flung open, and Mt, Hackblt swaggered. in, and surveyed the coma pany with a leer. He gave a general nod, eat down and placed his napkin across his lnees. . Well, brotherin-law," said rubal, across the table, 'your valet has neglected you this morning. Do you know your toilet's rather defective? " Mr. Iackbit looked severely across at ?nbnl, and remarked with some asperty that he would rather wear no clothes at l than be dreased up like a loll, as Jubal was. - - Dorais was sitting next to him. " Your necktie's right under yeaour ear,'" she said, "and you look as-if you'd been! tobed in your clothes." - "And you." retorted iHackbit, looking critlcall at his aunt and her get-up, " you look as it you'd just come. out from under a glas shade, youdo." " Oh don't let us have any quarrelling," put in David. " What can be the use of that I" After dinner, Jubal announcod his inten. tion of taking a stroll. The mother wouldi have liked to have begged him to remainwite. her bunt how could she ioetate to this eon .who. arown into such a gentleman Pai'a- t \- -" Yes, shoL yourself to -the ishahltantt,' was Hfakbit'' comment. .- "You'll collect a crowd if you go out." , " " o'll coll ect a bigger crowhl than -I shall, some 'dy, retorted JobaL " And really, H~aukbit"' he said, eying hisbrother.in.lar with a'. ood bit ol morrimer-, in his ace, "I want to light a cigar, and I beliese I could do itat your nese. Have-yqu -been acting the clown, aed forgotten .to wash your face P" With this home-thrust he went out; and aKeaah helped to clear the table. , - . , Kr. timplr was to come to tea. He had been ainvited to dinner, but had made an aexcuse. When tea- time cais e he appeared. There was a marked collnses in Dories's manair of receiving Mr. taunpler, which that cenr-lmam could . well asscount for. - He, foe his part, appeared to have some fine joto oen band, aned laughed to himself withoat any evident reason several times Ii sacoesion ; and at each laugh Doreas coloured.. He wse, how. ever, scrupulousinL his attention to her. and nhao seemed to take seomne interet in Jnhal, whom he had been .led. to suppose a very dilfferent sort of person. J 