DISENCHANTED. 0F all a nijrht journey is the most ( tediou8," said Clarence Hatfield as he lot himself fall heav.ily into the stiff and uncomfortable seat of the railway carriage. "I say, Clifton, do you think we mijjht smoke ?" " Well, I rather imagine not," said I. "There appear to be ladies on board." Hatfield shrugged his shoulders. | " Such ladies." " WeH," laughed I, " they don't appear to be particularly stylish in manner or costume, but nevertheless, my dear fellow, the divin ity of their sex hedges thorn aiound like a -all." ' ? "Divinity of their humbutr '." shortly interrupted Hatfiold. "As if these ill-dressed dowdies, with babies and handboxes, could possibly belong to the same world "with Beatrice Hale." To this I made no answor. It did not seem to mc exactly appropriate to lug the sacred' name of Bcatrise Hale into a dis cussion in a place like tbis. Yot what could I do, except to feel my cheeks fiu?h and the roota of my hair tingle? For I was unmis takably in lovo with Bee Halo, and so was Clarence Hatfiold. Whioh of us did sho like beet? Ab, that was the question. It was something like tho children's old game of see-saw, "Up I go? down you come." Sometimes I fancied I hud a ghost of a chance—sometimes I was con vinced tbat Hatfiold was altogebher the pre l fecred, and that I had better emigrate to Australia at once. , Clarence Hatfiold and I, be ib understood, wero employees in tho extensive business of Messrs. Jenkins, Jumpcrton, and Co., auctioneers, and hod bocu down .to the country "putting tip" a salo of lots, cut into street? and squares,, according to tho most approved metropolitan methods of doing such things. ' It nod been adismal business. November ia not an inspiring month at the best, and a three days' fog bud conspired acninst bho Buc'eess of " Mount Mdrra Park," aaJcnkins, Jumporton, nnd'Co. had christened bh.e now speculation. Yet we had ddno reasonably woll. As bhe train gave its starting lunge the door (lew open, aud in ctnoe a ball,old lady witn v prodigious black bannct'and v fiir cloak, surrounded' by a perfect chevaux-de frUe of squirrel cages, leather bage, browa paper parcels, and sandwich boxes." She was followed closely by a younger lady, 'dressed in black and closely veiled, and paused hesitatingly in front of our seat. .'.' Young man," said she, in a low voice, as gruff as. that of a man, "is this seat engaged ?" " Yes," said Hatfield ; " it is." *' For your feet ?" "No matter what for," aupeririliously replied the leead clerk'of .lenkius, Jumpo.r tori", und Co. " Please to pats on, old lndy. You ! ll find Sfjats enough beyond." But th.it.was a stretching of the truth. There were no seats beyoudj as the old lndy could easily perceive, iiuless she cliche to sit directly opposite a, red-hot eoul tire or' upon on'o of those corner arrangements close to tlie door, wbich was equivalent to no seal at all The old lady hesitated and changed her heavy carpet bag from one wearied arm to the other. I thought of my own good Aunb Polly at home, ami rose'at ouce. " Pray take tbis seat, mu'uru," said I. "And let mc pub your parcel up iv the rack for you." ? ," Clifton, what a fool you nro !" exclaimed Hatfield, in an Imperative sotto voice. " Why couliki'fyou have wit still-and minded your own busrnes??" "It in my own business," I answered brusquely, " to see that every lady iymatle 'as comfortable us it is in the nature of things to be. Now tho squirrel cage, ma'am—lt'll go very comfortably under tho seat. I think." Hatfield uttered a contemptuous grunt, but be never offered to trust his feeb off tho opposite cushions, although the* sr young woman stood in tho aisle, uncomfortably swaying backward and forward with tho motion of the tiaiu, until a woman beyotvj, observing tho atata of affairs, drew v sleep ing child iobo herlupanu beckoned the other 4 to take the place thus vacated. By tbis time my old lady had established ! herself to her critiie <atisfactio?, and opened I hereandmch box. \- ':' " Miwh obliged loV"!, yonng man,** sa"(l she. " It,V easy to seVihat, you've a mother of your own at home, and that you are in tho habit of doing reverence to her grey hairs. As for this person," with a nod of her poko bonnet in the direction of Mr. Hatfield, "if bo's got a mother, I can't say much for her bringing of him up. Perhap? he may be old himsolf one day, and stand in need of ?.. littlo politeness and consideration from tho young." , ,'? . .." " Whon I'm anxious for your good opinion, ma'am, I'll let you know," returned Mr. Hatfield. ' . „ " Hatfield," said I, in a low tone, "you might behave liko a gentleman." "So I will," he retorted, with a shrug, ?? ,>...-n I find myself in company that calls for such measures." I said no more, but leaning up against tho sidr of the door, prepared to make myself as comfortable as possible until the train should stop at Stamford, its first way station, nnd some descending passenger might make room for mc. Bender, did you ever stand in an express train in full motion ? Did you ever feel your self twayed backward and forward, bumping one of your phrenological developments ngain?t one sido of the car, and bringing the base of your spinal column against the tpjjof nseatnt the oppositb swerve of the train? Did you over grasp blindly at nothing for support? Did you ever execute an involun tary pas eeul, by way of keeping your ?babmce, and then grind your teeth to see tho two pretty yonng ladies beyond, laughing at your actios? If so, you will know how to pity mc during the hour and a half between B. and Stamford. . Hatfield went to sleep and snored; the old lady in the gigantic bounefc ate sandwiches and drank from a wicker flask of excellent smelling sherry; tho young lady sat as noise,- -| less as a black veiled statue ; fretful babies I whimpered ; old gentlemen uttered etrango sounds in tbeir sleep ; and tho shriek of tho ' train as it flew through sleeping villages sounded like'the yell of a fiery- throated demon. " Stamford f bawled bhe conductor. At last I succeeded in dropping my weary and stiffened limbs into a seat, where slumber overtook mc in just a minute and a quarber, for I hadbeen asleep on my legs once or bwice even in my former disadvantageous attitude, and I could scarcely behove tho evidence of my own senses when wo finally thundered into the'eehoing vastness of tho Grand Central depot in Now York. Hatfield, alive to the necessity of catching a car before all tlie world of travellers should crowd into it, stumbled oTer tho old lady's ankles with small ceremony. " 01), tak'o care 1 You have knocked tho squirrel coge over !" cried Bbo. " Confound tlie squirrel cage 1" shouted Hatfield, gnash'fng hi? teeth as the ancient dame placed herself directly in the aisle to set tho furry peb up again, thereby com pletely blocking up his egress. " Serves you right, Hatfield," said I, as I stooped toossieb. 0 ust then" the young companion of our lady advanced, flinging back her veil. "Grandma, said she, "tte carriage is waiting. I'll send Thomas for the parcels. Mr. Clifton, lam very much obb'ged to you for your politeness to my grandmother, wh? is unused to travelling. As to Mr. Hatfield, tho less said about his courtesy the better." And Beatrice Hale's black eyes flashed dis dainfully on Clarence's cowed visage. " Miss Halo," he stammered, "if I'd tho least idea who you were" — " You would havo regulated your conduct accordingly," impatiently interrupbed Miss Hale. Thanks—l prefer to eeo people in their true light. Mr. Clifton," turninfj graciously to mc, " you call and see how grandma stands ber journey to-morrow, won't you? Oh, thank you! The carriage is close by." And to this day I believe that is the way I won my.wifo, for Clarence Hatfield was a brilliant, showy sort of a fellow, who far out shone mc in general society, and I think Bee wns inclined rather to fancy him until that night. But she was disenchanted now for good and ull. And Grandma Hale comes to see us every Christmas with a hamper of good things from Hale Farm. 