The village settlements question hav ing evidently come to stay, and being clearly destined to monopolise a good deal of public interest and attention for some years to come, more than usual interest attaches to what has been done in working .out the question elsewhere. At present Now Zealand forms our chief object lesson. The Village Settlements or Farm Home stead Associations in that colony are founded on broad national lines, and both these and the almost infinite variety of working details are embodied in the statute booksof the colony. The framers of the New Zealand land laws were men who had a straight purpose, and knew how to follow it up. There is, through out the whole of the land laws, an ever visible determination that the honafide selector shall have the fullest fair play. For him who puts money in his purse there are thousands of square miles of good land, from which he may pick his modest freehold. For him whose capital is more limited there are areas upon areas, where the selector can operate and select his block, secur ing it by ' paying a small in stalment down, and providing the rest in small sums over a period of years. For such would-be selectors as cannot at the start provide any of the purchase money there are areas conve niently subdivided, which are available on perpetual lease, that is to say, leases are issued carrying on the face of- them the right of per petual renewal. It is worthy of note that this perpetual lease principle is very popular there, and, although only ■introduced a few years since, has already been adopted by the bulk of lessees of land. People see that the lessees have the value of their improve ments secured to them under an indefea sible title, and with perpetual rights of renewal, they have all the security and permanence of a freehold tenure with out being obliged to sink their capital in the purchase of land. And so a man with but a slender realisable capital can save that money for the stocking of his holding. When the lease expires, if the holder does not desire to renew, he is at liberty to go, the succeeding tenant having to pay .to him the value of all permanent im provements made by him. If, however, the old tenant exercises his rights of renewal, and takes a frjesh lease, he pays a rental of 5 per cent, on the then value of the land, after deducting the value of his permanent improve ments made during his term. Time the maker of improvements gets the value of them, instead of the landlord, which in this case is the Crown. And there seems nothing to prevent the sale or transfer of a lessee’s interest at any time as long as matters are iqaare between him and the Lands Dfice. Now we come to what has been done in' the direction of small holdings. Flic matter has been most earnestly discussed for years, and it has long been admitted that, give what you will or withhold what you will, it should be a first consideration to place every adult laborer in a position to acquire his own little freehold in the shape of his five, or it might be ten acres of land. In the neighborhood of centres of population less would, of course, have to do, but even an half acre, under conditions, would be no small stand by, and be enough to carry a homestead well worth the care and attention it would require. For years past blocks of land have been set apart and cut up into village settlements, and offered to the laboring classes on liberal terms. The rent is trifling, there are no charges or preliminary expenses to harry the beginner, and payment of rent may be postponed over the first two years. Married men have first call, and can get £lO advanced toward the erection of a homestead. It is, however, a rule that no advances shall be made until more than its value has been placed upon the land in either material or labor. On the whole, it is declared that these village settlements have been a great success, and been the means of keeping in the colony large numbers of most desirable colonists who otherwise would have left. ■ So well are the promoters satis fied that they have carried the prin ciple still further, and adapted it to the acquirement of farm homesteads. One more very .interesting feature of the.New Zealand land system is that which encourages the formation of co operative settlement associations- By means of these blocks of not less than 1000, nor more than 11,000 acres, can be taken up at one operation. Of course it is required that these associa tions shall be organised according to a plan approved of by the State, one condition being that there shall be at least 25 members to each. The advantages of taking up land in blocks are many and great. Many are deterred from facing the hard work and loneliness of the bush man’s life, because of the risk of dismal isolation, who would gladly join a village settlement, being sure of com pany and mutual help. - Such a “ village” would at once deserve its name and have a certain weight and importance about it, which would not for many years attach itself to an aggregation of houses planted all at long distances apart in the bush. Had these men all wives and families they would be in a position to demand a school and free education for their children. Men working under terms of such close association as in these “ villages ” would probably associate as contractors during the slack months of the year, and should be eagerly sought after for fencing, road making, and the like. But their chief value to the colony would lie in the fact that they were pioneers of anew social class, as independent agricultural peasantry, one of the proudest endowments which a nation can bo blessed with. The letter addressed by the Commis sioners to the Town Council in the matter of the projected extension of Grenville street through the railway embankment is not satisfactory, and should not be accepted 1 as final. In effect the letter says the piercing of the embankment would cost too much money, and therefore cannot be carried out; but in a work of public convenience like this proposed piercing of the rail way bank, the decision, we think does not come within the scope of the duties or functions of the commissioners at all. The matter should have been debated and settled between the muni cipalities and the Minister, or, failing a satisfactory result, have been moved in Parliament. If the Railways De partment and its Minister decline to recognise their duty herein it would ha quite reasonable and proper to insist upon the case being fully put and finally dealt with in the Legislature. Ballarat representative men, political and other, would do well to force a change in that long sustained, unsym pathetic, and slighting attitude which the departments for the most part have adopted towards her. Evidences ih abundance exist that even ordi nary and obvious services are be grudged to Ballarat, and that any public expenditure is criticised and pared down with an enthusiastic economy which would produce mar vellous results if carried out all round. The cure for all this is simple enough, and it is about time it was applied. If Ballarat men stood on their dignity a little more, and if representatives never mortgaged their influence in order to procure sops for their constituents, there would be a - better chance of dealing with works of real importance and emergency when they come up for discussion. On all considerations we trust that the reasonable claims of Bair larat, to have an important thorough fare opened up as an extension of Grenville street, will be courteously but firmly pressed forward. The reasons for the work have been given more than once in Ihe Star, and they are of such a nature as to thoroughly justify the demand for the subway now projected. The Government has at last awakened to the fact that it is possible to econo mise in the matter of printing. In this connection the clerk of Parlia ments has furnished a report, pointing out wl*ire savings could be effected. For years past it has been the custom to print, verbatim, questions and answers in connection with enquiries made by Royal Commissions. In this way bulky official documents have been created which almost appal any one desirous of obtaining information from the ponderous tomes. What is wanted in such cases is not so much a shorthand clerk with a facile pen, as an experienced reporter capable of giving the most information in the least bulk and in the most read able form. As has been shown to the j Premier, tons of paper are wasted j annually in printing reports that no j one ever thinks of reading. In other branches of the same department, too, great savings could be effected without in any way prejudicing the efficiency of the service. The voluminous corre spondence that passes between the dej partments might be materially A document is forwarded from one room to another. Accompanying it is a short note, intimating the sending of the document, and this is written on a foolscap sheet of imitation band made paper. In some cases per haps a dozen notes, each of less than a score words, pass to and fro concern ing tlie first communication, and each one written on official paper of the very best quality and the largest size. By utilising commoner paper, of • the ordinary note size, for such brief mis sives, as would be done in any business establishment, hundreds of pounds might bo saved annually. This may seem a small matter,' but it is one of many in which retrenchment could be effected, and the total savings to the State would reach a sum that would be startling to many. In all judicious curtailment of expenses the Government may be certain of having the country at its back. In the L“gislative Assembly to-day the first measure to be dealt with will be the Muni cipal Rating Bill, which la not likely to occupy much time. The debate on the Villoge Settlements Bill will then be re sumed by Mr Dunn, We publish in another column a tabu lated statement of the claims made by owners whose hotels in Ballarat East are to be closed, the Government valuator’s.recom mendations, and the awards finally made by the Arbitration Court, The figures are com piled from sworn testimony, written and verbal, and may be relied upon as strictly accurate. The question of reducing the fees charged at the University to students of the Ballarat School of Mines was (writes our Melbourne correspondent) considered yesterday after noon, nt the meeting of the University Council, Mr Ellery thought it would bo well to delay dealing with the matter for the present. Mr Macfarlane thought it would be advisable to have a report from a sub committee on this matter, and after some discussion this was agreed to. It was also agreed that the question of the appointment of Dr Gutheil should also be dealt with by the committee. Dr Morrison said that he would ob]»et very strongly to the council dealing in any way with appointments to the Ballarat School of Mines. They already had experience in this case of the claims, that were founded on their approval of Dr Guthicl. An irregular discussion en sued. in which it was denied that the Uni versity Council had interfered in any way with the appointment, and a letter was road from the Faculty of Medicine stating that they had no evidence before them concerning Dr Guthiel’s fitness to teach the subjects allotted to him by the Ballarat School of Mines, It was decided to refer the letter from the School of Mines to the Faculty of Medicine. The report of the Faculty of Medicine with respect to allowing clinical teaching .in the Ballarat Hospital was adopted. Tho complimentary banquet tendered to Mr W. F. Bechervaise, late postmaster at Ballarat West, by the citizens of Ballarat, took place last evening at Craig’s hotel. There was a very large attendance, repre sentative of all the public institutions. The health of Mrßechervaise was enthusiastically honored; and he was presented with a hand some album of Ballarat veiws, prepared by Messrs F. W. Niven aud Cos., and inscribed with a suitable address. The address, which was a thorough work of art, was executed by Mr VV. N. Lansley, of Lydiard street. A report of the banquet appears in another column. Ministers are busy this afternoon (wrote our Melbourne correspondent Inst night) going through the budget with the Trea surer, but, so far as can bn ascertained, there will not be anything very startling in the deliverance. That it will be of an exceedingly gloomy character so far as its facts go, is certain, but, of course, there will be numerous presages of a more cheerful elate of things being brought about very shortly. That there will be no income tux is tolerably certain, as was mentioned some weeks ago, but the Premier’s Custerton speech will be verified so far as a tax on land values and reductions in Civil service salaries are concerned, A return to tho twopenny rates of postage will be proposed, and beer drinkers will be asked to pay something towards the deficiency as well ns their whisky drinking brethren. About this tax there is, however, a good deal of uncer tainty, and if it be proposed it trill only bo through the dire necessities of the situation. Ministers now state, as regards the date of the budget speech, that, notwithstanding the authoritative statements made Inst week, they are very doubtful as to the Treasurer being able to deliver it this week. A deputation yesterday waited upon Mr George King, JiP., Bridge street, asking him to allow himself to be nominated for a sent in the Town Council for tho central ward. Mr J. Kline was also asked to contest a sent in the approaching municipal election in Bal larat East. No decision was given, but it is probable that one out of the two nbnvenamed will be a candidate. A definite answer will bo given in tho course of a few days. An order was passed at yesterday after noon’s meeting of tho Executive Council (writes our Melbourne correspondent) which provides that in future head teachers of schools with an attendance of over 250 pupils shall spend nt least 15 hon.rs a week in actual teaching, as the Minister and his officers have found that head teachers of large schools now devote their time to what they describe as “organisation and super vision.” Tho vagaries of tho stupid individual who has for some nights past caused much annoy ance in the neighborhood of Ballarat North by suddenly appearing robed in white before unsuspecting pedestrians, are now assuming a serious aspect. On Sunday night ns a number of young Indies wore proceeding homeward from church, they wore pounced upon by tho supposed ghost, whose hands and a portion of his face are phosphorised. Tho apparition, ns might bo imagined,greatly frightened the young ladies, one of whom swooned, and it was only with great diffi culty that her companions restored her to consciousness. She was subsequently taken home, and all day yesterday she was suffer ing considerably from the effects of the un pleasant experience of the previous evening. On the same night a number of youths ob served the foolish and wicked young fellow sitting on tho railway fence near the Dive ton street gates. They gave chase, but the pursued, who is very fleet of font, escaped, Ons of them, however, in his attempt to capture the “ghost,” fell heavily on the railway linn, and severely bruised his bauds' and face, Tho police are keeping a sharp look out, but up to last night they wore unable to meet with tho individual. Several civilians are also carrying heavy sticks, and should the “ghost” happen to come against one of these, he will have occasion to regret his actions. A number of men wore engaged yesterday in making preparations for dismantling the brick chimney stack, which many years ago was used in connection with the gold smelting operations at tho Bank of Victoria, Lydiard street, The stack has not been needed fnr a long time past, and the removal is in consequence of it being considered unsafe, The fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee was held nt the board room, Camp street, last evening, when there were present—Mr D. Lessells (president), and Messrs D. Cooke, J. Showman, W. Scott, G. Lovitt, M. C. Carey, J, Curtis, O E. Edwards, H. Josephs, J. Phillips, G. K. Coutts, W. Gale, D. M‘Naught, W. Colt- man, W. Dimsey, J. T. Phillips, and the Rev. R T. Cairns. An apology was re- ceived for the absence of Mr J. J, Fitz gerald. A large number of applications for relief were dealt with. The various com- mittees were appointed. Correspondence and other routine business having been dealt with, the meeting adjourned. The 21st anniversary of the Ballarat Ger- man Association was held last night in the association rooms, adjoining the Phoenix hotel, Barkly street. A report appears in another column. A special meeting of members of the Bal- larat Fire Brigade was held last evening at the station to consider what steps should be taken in regard to the future constitution of the brigade. The members went into com mittee to discuss whether the brigade should be constituted as a club or a company, and the meeting lasted to a very late hour with- out any definite decision being arrived at. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last evening, two very sad cases were mentioned in' the medical report. A young man, a miner by occupation, who hns recently been an out-patient of the Ballarat Hospital, suffering from acute rheumatism, is now unable to work from weakness and palpitation of tho heart. He has a young wife in bed suffering from asthma, the effects of a cold, brought on by her trying to earn a little by washing. They have four healthy , young children, The doctor pointed out that though the man was not fit to work as a miner, he might make a living on land, as he had been used to cows and live stock. The other case was that of a woman who is too ill to do any work, and her husband is blind. A special meeting of the members of the Ballarat District Teachers’ Association was held at the School of Mines on Saturday last; Mr J. C. Molloy, president, in the chair. The resignation of the late hon, secretary, Mr E. P. Date, was accepted with very great regret, and the necessary steps were taken to suitably recognise the long and invaluable services of that gentleman to the association, Mr G. E. Poyser was elected to fill the posi- tion of hon. secretary till the end of the cur- rent year. With reference to the formation of a teachers' club, after mature considera- tinn it was thought advisable, owiog to the present unsettled condition of affairs, to allow the matter to stand over till the quar terly general meeting, which will be held early next month. Messrs Fitzgerald and G*le, J’e.P., pre sided at the Town Police Court yesterday. Two persons charged with insulting be havior were discharged. John Hede, charged with using insulting words was fined 10*. Owen O'Neill for using obscene language was fined in a similar amount. A miner named William Russ was charged with using obscene language and also with resisting' Constable Gardiner in the execution of bis duty. From the evidence tendered by the arresting constable it appears that the ac- cused made.use of th« language complained of in Bridge street. Whilst he was being con veyed to the lockup Ruse restated violently and Gardiner received an injury to his hip. They both struggled several minutes in the mud- during which the constable's helmet got smashed. There were about 150 persons around the constable, not one of whom would assist him. Constable Campbell subsequently came upon the scene and assisted to escort the defendant to the lockup. Mr Fitzgerald, chairman of the bench, remarked that the crowd were a lot of cowards not. to assist the policeman. In his opinion it was a pity there were not more plain-clothes constables' about. The accused, who is a married man with eight children, was then fined lOi for using obscene language, and 40s, or in de fault seven days’ imprisonment, for resisting the constable, with Si fid costs for damaging the latter’s helmet. Defendant stated that some years ago he had met with an injury to his head, which always sffeoted him when he took a glass or two. The bench adminis tered a severe lecture when announcing the fines, and gave Russ a fortnight to pay them in. Six insbriates were disoharg“d, and two others were fined 5s each, with 2s fid costs for cab hire. A number of debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. \- We understand that Mr MTntyre, the well-known caterer, of Bridge street, who last year purchased the property next door to his present premises, intends to proceed at.once with the erection of new premises. Judging from the plans, which we have been shown, we feel confident that Mr M'lntyre is about to keep up his reputation for enter prise. and that the new building, which is to be fitted up in the most lavish and novel I manner, will surpass anything of its kind in I Ballarat. Messrs James and Piper have been entrusted with the architectural work, and are calling for tenders in the present' issue. The Golden City and Town Starr-Bnwkett Building Society held a very successful meet ing last night at the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street, when there was a large attendance nf members. The sum of £5OO was balloted for. Messrs Davies and Dixon were'appointed scrutineers, and Mrs S. Tunbridge drew the lucky ball. This turned out to be 107, and 1 the successful ballotees holding shares in this cluster were:—Mr W. F. Barratt, Bal larat East, shares Nos, 531-532, £200; Mr Joseph Burgess, 256 Main street, Ballarat East, share N". 533, £100; Mrs Julia Bollar, 9 O’Brien street, Ballarat East, share Nn. 534, £100; Miss Betsy Braybrook, Mount Clear, share No, 535, £lOO. Those members will—suhj-ct to the rules nf the society—receive the above amounts free of interest for 12J years, the principal being repaid at the rate of 3a Id per £lOO per week; or they may sell their advance to another member and get between £3O or £4O cash for every £lOO they obtain in the ballot. The sum of £3OO was also sold for cash, and reaisled a premium nf £3S per £lOO, nr the sum of £ll4 for the loan, the purchaser being a well- known local resident. The numerous friends of Mr R. S. F»ley, who has been suffering severely from mus culur rheumatism, and has been passing a few days at Geelong, avill be pleased to learn that he is now much improved. A telegram received yesterday stated that although Mr Foley is still very weak he had been able to take some walking exercise. An interesting lecture on electricity was delivered at th» St. Andrew’s Literary Association last night, by Mr D. M’Dnugall, of the School of Mines. The lecturer, who is only 16 years nf age, kept his large andi eiic* thoroughly interested for over an hour, giving an exhibition of the electric light, be sides numerous other illustrations. On the motion of tbs Rev. R T. Cairns, seconded by Mr Gep. Smith, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the entertainer. The meeting was presided over by Mr Simon Mor rison, J.P. A Chinaman named Ah Lap was brought into Ballarat yesterday and admitted to the Ballarat Hospital, with his leg broken in two places. The injuries were sustained by a fall of earth in one nf the Haddon mines. A somewhat unusual act of generosity has just been pefnrmed by the committee of the Carlton Football Club, During the visit of that team to Ballarat in order to play against tho South Ballarat, they were hospitably entertained by the officers of the latter club, and have expressed in a practical manner their appreciation of the kindness and atten tion shown. The sum duo to them out of the gate money amounted to a few pounds, and tins the Carlton committee have re turned as a donation to tho funds of the South Bi- llarnt club. The now term at the School of Mines com menced yesterday, and tho various classes are filling rapidly. Among the now students are three who have entered for a three years' course in electrical engineering. In another column will bv found a report of a banquet tendered by the Ballarat branch nf the A.M.M.A. of Australia to Mr Dudley (secretary to the Barrier Ranges branch), who is at present in Ballarat as'delegatefrom Broken Hill to the conference now being held in this centre. Other representatives, in cluding one from tho Ziehan branch (Tas mania), were also to have been entertained, but they had not arrived. They are, how ever, expected to reach here this morning, when they will attend the conference. Messrs Anderson, Archer, Acheson. and M'Nnught, J’s.P., attended the City Police Court yesterday, and fined two inebriates 5s and 10s respectively. Henry Caldecott, fur a similar offence, was fined s*, and was also fined 10s for resisting Constable Munrn, who eventually had to call a cab to convey his prisoner to the watchhouse. A lad named Edward Cahill, for using foul language, was fined 10s. Thomas Gunn, charged with assault, was remanded till Friday, bail being fixed at £2O. A letter appears in another column from Mr Duck, head teacher of St.- Paul's State school, in which he denies the accuracy of a rumor afloat yesterday concerning some of the senior boys, which is calculated to injure the sclionl, which at the present time is in a flourishing condition. Whon Mr Duck first took charge of St. Paul’s school tho average attendance was 260, and it has now been increased to 372. A lady’s handbag, containing a set (if teeth and one penny, was found yesterday morning by Mr William Wills, a resident of Barkly street, at the rear of his premises. The property was handed over to Sergeant Leverton, nf the Ballarat East police, who desires the owner to call at the police station- The b'g is apparently identical with one which was snatched from the hand of a lady at Mount Pleasant on Saturday night. At the time of the theft it contained a few shillings and other articles of value. An accident happened yesterday in Vic tpria street to a youth named Henry Pnair, employed as a carter by Mr Kline, baker. It seems that Phair was delivering bread on his usual ronnd, and was about to remount his cart, which was moving. He slipped and fell, and the wheel passed over him fracturing his thigh. The sufferer .was’ taken to the Hospital, and was admitted to the accident ward. Tho first meeting of the W.C.T.U. mission waa held at the Welsh schoolroom, Lydiard street, last evening. The Rev, Mr Thomas presided. Miss Cummins gave a most effec tive speech, giving a short history of the union and a beautiful description of the banner and pledge. Miss Vincent told a thrilling tale, which greatly moved the | leaver*, and at the close it transpired that It wa* the atory :of her own life. The Welsh choir sang lomu selections very sweetly. A collection was made and some pledges taken, | The member* present at the special general meeting of the Ballarat District Teachers’ Association on Saturday, the 23rd inst., resolved themselves into a committee of the whole (with power to add to their number) to take the necessary steps to present their late hon, secretary, Mr E. P. Date, with a suitable testimonial in recognition of his long and invaluable services. They also resolved to invite the hearty co-operation of all the other members of the association, which, no doubt, will be gladly accorded. Some curiosity has been expressed in Bal larat as to the special reason for retaining Mr Jacks, Acting Locomotive Superinten dent, who is 64 years of age, in the service, while other sexagenarians have been “re tired.” A woman named Jane Allen, who, on the 6:h of last month, was fined 40s or 14 days’ imprisonment at the City Police Court for insulting behavior, but who applied for time to pay her fine and neglected to do so, was arrested yesterday in Ballarat East by PUinclothes-Constable M'Pherson on a com mitment warrant, and lodged in the Ballarat gaol lock-up. To-night lovers of music will have an op portunity of again listening to the leading artistes of the Tate Royal Italian Opera Com pany, The names nf the singers are as familiar as household words, and wo doubt : not the public will prove to them in a prac tical manner that they have made no mis take in relying upon a hearty reception. In cluded in the programme for to-night is the popular polacca mwn “ Mignou," which will be sung by Signora Cutties, who is said to be th“ only living rival of -the diva Patti. Miss Krakowski, who has kindly consented to preside at the piano, is also to favor the public with n display nf her powers ns a vocalist, which are said to be of a very high order. The other members of the oomany are Signnrina Mattipli and Signori Sisco, Travnglini, nud Inrin. - Popular prices are charged,'and the box plan is open at Messrs R. £l. Sutton and Co’s. During her address last evening at the I Welsh Sunday school room, Miss Vincent stated that she thought the moderate drinkers of our land are doing the most harm, for people take them as examples, and, not having the same control over them selves, become slaves to intemperance. Mr W. Webster, locil auditor for Ballarat Ent, and Government auditor for a number of years past, has received the official notice of his having successfully passed the exami nation for a first-class certificate as Govern ment auditor of municipal accounts. We are informed that Mr Greenaway has been fortunate in securing the services of Captain Stanley-Lnwe to act as stage manager for his grand complimentary benefit, to take place on Friday evening next. The box plan is at Sutton’s. At the Beaufort Court of Petty Sessions yesterday, before Messrs H. Cushing, F. Beggs, J. W. Harris, C J. Leadbeator, and Captain W. B.. Bridges, J’a.P., a man giving the name nf William Caulfield, but having several aliases, was charged with breaking into the confectionery shop of MrH. Trompf, and stealing therefrom a girl’s apron and pies and cakes to the value nf IQs. fie was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. On a second charge of being a rogue and a vagabond, having pick-locks in hia posses sion, Caulfield wns sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, the sentencs to be cumu lative, with hard labor. Cn a third charge nf larceny at Ararat nf a coat valued at 25*, the property of Mr Walsh, prisoner was re manded to appear at Ararat. Several debt cases were also dealt with. The mayor of the City has received a letter from representatatives of waiters, waitresses, dressmakers, cabmen, charwomen, carters, printers, carpenters, decorators, &c.;, thank ing him for the employment given them in connection with the late ball. The railway returns for the past week show that £22,555 15* was received from passeng-rs, &c.;, and £25,571 5* from mer chandise, &c.;, making a total of £49,127. This is against £51,602 8* lOd for the cor responding week of lust year. Tire weekly overage for three weeks is £54.930 18 4-1 as against £63,087 11s Id for the corresponding three weeks of lust year. The days before the Budget (says “Time* theus" in the Argus) are influenced by the approach of the much-dreaded financial deli vgrnnoe. . No subj-ct is more discussed among members than the question as to whether ther» is to be on income tax. That is the hated impost. So many of their own supporters have urged the Government not to run the risk, that there is a strong proba bility of the measure not being proposed. So far the official reply has been, “But where are we to get the money from?' 1 but the belief is widespread that Ministers are hesitating. The Government are quite aware that their trump card is the Treasurer, and that they have an immense advantage in the fact that Sir Graham Berry is not answer able for boom extravagance nor for last year's financial follies. The latter were the worst of nil, for if Mr Gillies spent money when he had it, Mr Munro spent when he bad it not. An important event was celebrated at Great Western on Friday afternoon (*aya the Argus), when a number nf persons assem bled to celebrate the laying of the founda tion-stone of Mr fi. W. H. Irvine’s now cellar, which is being constructed specially in connection with the manufacture of cham pagne. It is 110 feet long, and 60 feet wide, the superstructure being nf brick and three stories high. It will hold 300,000 gallons, and added to the present vaults, with which it will be connected by a tunnel 50 feet long, will give a total capacity of 550,000 gallons. The ceremony of laying the stone was per formed by Mrs Irvine, who was presented by the architects, Messrs Figgis and Molloy, of Ballarat, with a very handsome silver trowel suitably inscribed. The mortar was mixed with champagne. Mrs Irvine, in de daring the stone well and truly laid, ex pressed a hope that the foundation nf Ans tralian champagne had now been well laid, and that uo prejudice could mar its suc cess. Cr John Spence, of Mansfield, has (says the Standard) been arrested on a charge of stealing 400 sheep, the property of Mr Ricketson, owner nf the Delatite Estate. Great surprise was created when the fact became known, as Spence is a member of the Mansfield Shire Council, and the manager of the Delatite Estate is Mr E, M'Artuey, president nf the council. Mr F. W. Gray, discussing in the West minster Review the possibilities of democracy, dwells upon the fact that in the United States, where it has endured for more than a century, and has triumphed, the farmers are practically ruined, crushed by a mortgage debt of £690.000,000; that the great mass nf the nation are being “ robbed " by pro tection, that an enormously rich and power ful plutocracy is gathering all the wealth of the country into its own hands, and that an appalling amount of poverty exists in all the great cities. “Wealth buys protection for American industries from eager party poli ticians, and protection increases wealth, a beautiful example nf the 1 true inwardness nf things.’ Wealth buys legislation to crush .opposition .legally, and that is ‘ popular go vernment.’ ’’' According to a c-blcgram from London General Booth states that before deciding finally with regard to the establishment of a pauper colony in New Zealand, he will await a report which ho expects to receive regard ing the suitability of Africa ns a scene for the establishment of colonies. Sir M. H. Davies has left London for Mel bourne, ostensibly to combat the damaging statements made concerning the Mercantile Bank by the liquidators. 