AM0N03T THE BOOKS. LITERARY COSSIP. Mr. "W. T. Stead has offered tho post of editor of tho Australian edition of the Review of Reviews to tne Rev, W. H. Fitchett, B.A. Thackeray wrote of his own little, book (Cornhill to Cairo)—" Tho book as far as I have written strikes me as devilish olever, import! neat and feeble My book ! O, my dear fellow if you only knew the bore of writing ; of pump ing for pleasantries. w Browning's famous letter to Mr. W. , H. Smith, iu whioh he speaks of his critics 11 baok ling and hissing liko geese," and declares that "no amount of goose criticism1 shall mako'mo lift a hool against what waddles behind itj" was recently sold at Sotheby's. ' , ( . : 'Zty Mr. Wolcott Balestior, a young Atnorican novelist widely known in literary circles,' has died in a private hospital in Dresden of typhoid fovor. Ho was only 28 years of age.:, M& Balestior was joint author with . Mtv Rudyard Kipling of Jfaulahka, tho novel how. appearing in tho Century Magazine..; Ho was one of the principal partners in the firm of Messrs .Heinb inana and Balestior. > Lord Dufferin, when Viceroy of India, amused tho leisure of his stato by .learning Persian, whioh ho camo at last fiueutly to command, so as to bo ablo to inako a speech in tho court language of Asia to tho Afghan Amcor aud sir dars assembled on the northwcst frontier. Tho Viceroy learned Persian by gotting a translation of llobinsoii' Crusoe written out of it in tho tho Roman characters, and walking round and .round his largo garden at Calcutta, with the munshi, or intorproter, reading its pages to him till he had loarncd them. , - .Mr. Pavncll's step daughter, Miss O'Shefl, some timo before his death took sovoral capital wholo plates of tlio Irish chief in his chemical laboratory. Theso pictures will bo reserved for the Life of Parncllt which Mrs. O'Shca, with hor daughter's assistance, has already commenced proparing. It should bo ready, according to present arrangements, next autumn, and will causo a torrific eonsation, oven if it doesn't, as tlio widow hopes, blow the Healy-Dillon-Davitt party to "smithereens." Mrs. Parncll lives only for vengeanco, and as she knows all tho iuner history of the Irish party during its most combustible period, oven Mr. Healy admits sho can mako matters mighty unpleasant if sho chooses. 1 Dr. Goulhurn's biography ot tho lata Dean of Ohicboster hasbeon published. Dean Burgon was anaccomplishcd rotailerofauccdotcs, andseveral are given in these volumes. Ono of them, denoribed as a royal Ion mot, appears in an early letter, of tliu dean's, dated 1840. V'A gentleman," ho says, "on whom I called the other day, told mc in tho courso of an inter viow he had had with tho Duke of Subbcx, Allen, the Quaker, waited upon his royal highness ill order to remind him of his promise to present a petition against capital punishment. , Tho duko did not seem quite tu liko. tho job, and obsorved that Scripture has declared, "Whoso sheddoth mau's blood, by man shall his blood ba shed.' 'Please, yonr royal-, highness,' : replied tho Quakor, 'when Caiiv killed Abel ho was not hung - for it' 'That's truo/ rojoinqd tho duke, ;'hut .remember, Allen, thete .wero not 12 men J in the world then to mako a jury.' 'This was not bad- for . a royal duke,' said my "friend,1 'bntl'think it good to como from any- \body:"» 'Mr. James Pinnoek, a "West African mer- chant, recently sued Messrs. Chapman and Hall in ' the Queen s Bench Division for alleged libel in. n. volume published by them under tho title ' of African Stories. Counsel for the plnintiff averred that thore wero a dozen coincidences ' showing that tho story was meant to apply to his olicnt ; wlillo for the, dofence it was said . that the author, hofore writing his story, norcr heard of the plaintiff— did not, in foot, know of his existoncs.- Finally tho jury found for the plaintiff, with damages at £200. This caso has ; excited peouliar intorost in literary circles, ' because Mr. George-Meredith appeared as a wit ness. "Wo quote his evidenoo from tho Times report : — " Mr. Goorgo Meredith, tho well known author, examined, said ho had boon reader to the defendants for 30 years. Major Ellis's '-manuscript was submitted to him, and lie reported on it on 27th September, 1887. Ho \- had never heard of plaintiff in his life. He had ' cansod a story entitled Mrs. Fitzgibbon to ho out out of Major Ellis's manuscript. As an .expert ho considered tho story to be a work of \- pure fiction. Cross-examined by Sir C. Russell : \- He objected to Mrs. Fitzgibbon , as it was not in : good taste. Sho was an adventuress. Tho description of Poncook's mothor ho oonsidorod tho attempt of a sorions man to bo humorous. He objeoted personally to it, but it went down \- with tho public, so ho lmd to pass it. He was not nwaro at that tiino that the two incidents of ' tho olerk and tho onginoor story wore founded \- on fact. Ho thought the whole story was fiction." Apropos of ' tho decision in the libel action \- agaiust Messrs. Chapman and Hall, it is interest ing to rocall'tbo fact that no novelist of recent times was more in the habit of drawing his : characters from life than Disraeli. In Vivian Greg, for instance, we have among others tho ' following : — " Foaming Fudgo — Brougham ; Charlatan Gas — Canning; Lord Past Century — Lord Eldori ; Vivlda Vis — J. Wilson Croker. \- And so on. ' Then most of the oharactcrs in ' Zothair were well known, and in Endymion, published only 11 years ago, wo have:— "Zenobia — Lady Jersey; Adriana Ncuchatcl — j Baronoss Burdott-Coutts; tho Houchatols — tho ' Bothsohilds ; Lord Rawehcstcr — Earl Granvillo; Bertie Tromayno — Lord Houghton; Penruddock —Cardinal Manning ; and Hortensius— Sir IV. ' Hareourt." But by far tho worst of offenders in this respect is Mr. Mallock, whoso New EepuUie was a. series of caricatures under tho very thinnest disguisos of various celebrated men, suoh as Dr. Jonklnaon (Mr. Jowott), Mr. '.Luke' (Matthew Arnold), Mr. Herbert (Mr. ' Ruskin), Mr. Rose (Mr. Pater), and so forth. What made tho offence really offensive in Mr. Mallock's case was that many of the ' characters were his acquaintances, and some of them his friends. Sir Edwin Arnold has been spending a day with Lord Tennyson, and he has jotted down 'some reminiscences of the poet's habits and con- versation for tho benefit of readers of the Forum. That the poet of tho Northern Farmer is acquainted with the dialect of his native Lin- colnshire— Lord Tennyson, by tho way, repudi- ates tho term " dialect," and calls it tho "purest English in tho world," though his visitor thinks he has hoard it in Boston, United States— is known to all ; but what is less known is that he is master of the dialects and patois of his native land, and - takes a pleasure in puzzling visitors with samples of speech which in some of our rural districts are familiar to all. Lord Tenny- son considers the English of our day almost per- fect alike for the purposes of tho orator, the philosopher, the historian and tho poet. If we are to interpret Sir Edwin Arnold literally, this must refer to the northern farmers of Lincoln- shire. On 'the other hand, he derives little con- solation from tho American notion that it is destined to become tbo language of tbo world. . When a language endures it gradually changes, and "tho time will come," said tho poet, "when you and I shall be as difficult for Englishmen and Americans to read and understand as Chaucer is to-day." Thackeray's bitter verses on the subject of , King Uanuto and. his. oourtiers end up with two ..lines to tho effeof tlrat though' Canute may havo " gone tho 'way of all flesh, flatterers havo proved ' immortal. Tliey are' not, 'indeed,'. gone .from , among, us, nor aro thoir mothods very, greatly altered "from those of tho ' Danish courtiei-a , Witness, air interview liotwoon Lord Tennyson .,and Sir..Edw!n, Arnold, ;as reported' .'to, tho . Forum " Whbn . he , told me," writes Sir Edwin, " that for eight months he' had suffered, . sometimes to tho point of. despair, from, fheii- sjnatisnvnnd bronchitis, -I could not, hut express p my iudignation at. this common lot' of suffering, . saying, . My loril, it is a treason of, natuiro that . you ehould bear such griefs.' One woiijd have , expected a , little : more qriginality"ff6m;,tli'o' l;author. of the Light, oj Avd.. 'HowevelC!it;is; r .only fair to odd, remarks tho 'fffote. that heforo the intervio w" was over.Sir Edwin ,hnd sucieoded ,in saying quits as muoh in his own praise as ih i that of the Laureate.' ' , i , '. . ; j, Acoording to the . AuMoM -'89tn . Decomhor, " Mr. . Robort /Louis Stevenson, the well known author, says -h'o/wijl dive nud die in' , his Samoan paradiso... It is a; veritable .dream- : land where the novelist lives, g. His homo is two '.-tnOes from Apia, on the island of Upolu,' and ,the site of tho houso was, .whon ho bought it/ a .. virgin forest, through which thp'ifoof bad never' trod. 'The house faces on the sea ; about it are .tithe,, great leavos. of the cocoaiiUk , palm and ; bread fruit trees ; within ,it .is all that oivilisa- . tjon can furnish to minister to creature comfort. . Ono who had visited Stevenson there two months. , ogo says : — 'Ho is still very thin and fragilo; ; Ills shouldors arc bent, and his. chest scorns J hollow. But his voieo is strong and hearty, : and his grasp firm. His oomplexion has. lost, j. its deatlily whiteness, and is now a healthy . bronze. Ho still wcai-s his hair long, and his -. delicato effeminato mouth is shaded by a droop- i.iog moustacho. His eyes, too, seemod to be \- half closed and dreamy, and he talks witha slow, ...languid drawL' Ho bolievcs ho has found a safe haven from consumption at the island of Upoio, and hopes to livo to a ripa old age. He lias no . thought or care for affairs on tho other side of .. the globe. If there should be a inassaoro of . Europeans at Samoa because of tha heavy taxes imposod on the natives, he has no fear of por- . Bonnl injury, for ho bclioves that tho natives' respect and trust him. Ho. may use his sparo . time in writing another hook. In fact, ho litis .alroady a deal of manuscript ready for tho , printer.. But he has no desire ever to clinngo . , his locus, and with his wifo and mother ho will \- dream away existence amid tho ghosts with ; whioh his fancy lias pooplcd his house and its surroundings." i Tho Author is always a pleasant paper to argue with, writes Androw Lang. Atprosentit is arguing in favor of titles or other national (lis- Unctions for authors. Thackeray was on the i other side, and norhaps ho was wise. Tlicto is . said to bo a good deal of joalousy among autliors, , as thoro oortainly is among officials who get -. O. B.'s and otlior mysterious letters affixed to ..thoir namos. Mothinks wo are liappior without vtheso: ornaments. . C.B.'s; would certainly be "thought - to go by favor. As to being mode i.kniguts . and baronets, who on earth wants to ; bo oalicd . " Sir ." . of men ? Mayors, and . brewora, and . that kind of people, are wolc'omo " to thesq distinctions. "I like | not suoh grinning honor lis ' Sir "Walter | 0,1 " ' quotation that Hogg and i?' Blmulton«asly. "Sir Walter er, sounded very nntiquo and "7 'rons- , rher0 was coat armor behind it, and everything handsome. But Sir Charles fing KO %rrW|.,liaIn 'Paokcray, Rudyard Kip- ' . Stevenson, of Apia, ri sum ot!l e r« i?60 nre ttU matters of ?'„drnSt0„m', lad been mado a w J , ? U po fl viscount, and so on, might havo grown used to tho distino- £111 ? n,ot,Bnvy Physicians their ? 'y.1!, "»!»'. nni i nobody of any sense, at this l®",1'1' a.'B1'8 to 'ho made a peer or pines for 8tf'u ?3S ,for th0 only too appropriate thistlo. As for tho letters after our names, tho universities givo thorn, but tliey make nobody any appier, and permit Sootch correspondents to nuaross their ownom as "Doctor" So-and-Bo. 18 no harm in not giving people what they do not happen to want, and I never yet met tho man of letters who would liko to be » t? i k,"eb " on carpet considera- Praiso wo all alike; proue ftnd piidding in tho form wlnoh tho Americans,- according to Mr. Stevenson, call "boodle." ; But titles we don t want; titles aro exploded. If, however/ totlcs were distributed, or O.B. 's, or any other initials, I fear the literary men who were left bare would not love the decorated members of their craft. Suoh is lmmnn folly, whioh needs no artificial stimulus. Official praise somehow does not seem to appeal to onr desires. Rathor would I bo ooinmeadod by tho little boys of 'tho bookBtalls. . , 