Tlio Moryi'i'J' r. WHAT GOLD CANNOT BUY. (Br Mu. Ai,i:xAKitr.n. in 11 Jjipmcorr'H Monthly Maoazini1;.') CHAPTKH XX.—(Cmitivnn1.) It was with a thankful hoarl IhatKoj.o Do* tnond found hnrsnlf and hor rharno Hab»ly housed in the StnlTord S|Hivr-» ninns'ion. Mrs. Savillo born the journey woll— indood bettor than her companion, whoso jvtlc rhnrk* find heavy eyes bespoke menial mvl phyftinal ex hauplion. Mrs. Savilln's usual medical attendant, or rather lhe nindicftl attendant of lhe household, for the wiry woman scnrcoly knew what indis position meant, awaited her arrival and no tiled Miss Desmond's looks. ' If I might offer advice unasked, t would re commend a tonic and some days' complete re* pose to this young lady,' naid the polite prac titioner. 44 It seems to mo that her nervous system is somewhat ovcr-rtrninnd.' 44 She shall do as you duvet,' returned Mrs. Saville, with her usual decision. 11 I will look to her myself. She has braved horrible in fection for mo, and hnd n larg^ share in saving my life; therefore! value- hers beyond every one's, except of cnursr my sons'. Yes, you look frightfully ill, Hope. I cannot have this.' ' Perhaps if I went to Miss Hawson for a few days,' said Hope, with hesitation, 11 I might pather strength sooner. Here I shall always want to be up and about.' ?« You shall be nursed in no other house than this ; f^o, doctor, srnd in your prescription boon. As for mn, I want noth n^but good food and occupation.' ♦'You are indeed marvellously well and strong, considering what an illness you have gone through. Wo have now every reason to hope that you will be spare to your family and friends for many years.' ' Much my family and friends care about that special merry,' returned Mr*. Saville, with one of bsr ironical smiles. ,4 Goodmorn ing, doctor.' And the doctor bowed himself out 'Thank God, he is none! I ain dying to read my letters,' cried Mrs. Saville. 14 Here is a thick one from Mr. Hawson.' She opened it, and then, growing rather white, exclaimed, 41 Why, it encloses one from Hugh !' This she read eagerly* and then reperused it. ' Ah, if I could believe he cares for me!' she said, at length. 'The letter is like' him- self, tender yet obstinate. He will bo here nearly as soon as this,' she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tightly on the paper. ' He implores me to let him see his mother's face once more — the mother he has been so near losing. Rawson has evidently told him of my illness. He confesses I had a right tn be angry, but reiterates his conviction that lie has done well and wisely in securing the sweetest wife man eould have.' ' Xou will see him, dear Mrs. Saville ?' cried Hope, with white, parched hps. ' You are so good as to think I was of use to you ; if you would amply repay inet see your son — let him plead for his wife. They -ire married, you can not separate them, and it she is a true woman it will break her heart to know she has parted mother and son. It is in your power to confer such happiness.' 44 I will rcceive my son. As to his wife,! cannot say what 1 shall do. I gave ltawson directions to have her watehed ; it was a shabby thing to do. but I did it. He has had hrr closely shadowed, but she has been absolutely well conducted. Still, if it is in my power to confer much happiness, it was in her* to create much misery, and she did it ! Why, Hope, what is the matter? Are you ill ?' Hope fell back in the chair so deadly white and motionless that Mrs. Saville was terror struck. She rang violently, and, rushing to the fainting girl began to rub her cold hands. ' Bring water, wine ! send Jessop ! call back the doctor !' she cried, in great agitation, to tbe astonished butler, who had never before seen his imperious mistress &o; moved. ' The doctor has just driven off, 'm ; but I will send Jessop.' Soon the lady's-maid, the butler, and the housekeeper were trying to bring Miss Desmond back to life. When she did open her eyes they BOHght Mrs. Saville's ; she smiled and feebly p.ut out her hand. 44 New she must go to bed,' said Mrs. Saville, holding the offered hand in both her own. 'She had better be carried up-stairs.' 44 I can walk quite well ; at least in a few minutes,' murmured Hope, 41 if Jessop will help me.' Thus Hope was relegated to hrr own room, where Mrs. Saville insisted she must remain all the next day. Wonderful to relate, that lady spent most of it at her bedside, reading or knitting. Neither spoke much, yet they had a certain comfort in the companionship. Mir.s Hawson called, and was admitted during Mrs. Saville's absence, when she went for a short airing, which she considered essential for her own health. To her Hope explained that she must for tbe present refuse her hospitable invitation. Then they talked long and confidentially, and Miss ltawson took chargo of a couple of letters when she bade her young friend pood -by. It was now established that Miss Douuond was not to appear till luncheon-time, Mrs. Sa ville being coutent to read the papers herself. The doctor was not quite satisfied; his young patient did not recover strength or tone ; she was depressed and nervous, averse from food, sleepless. Some complctcobange to a bracing place might be neensaary. Mrs. Saville, who was deeply concerned, went eagerly into the question of localities, but Hope implored, al most piteously, not to be sent away. It was at the end of September, and London was at its emptiest ; Mrs. Saville was tluref sra spared the visits and kind inquiries of her kins folk and acquaintance. She was ill at case from anxiety concerning Hope. All that was kindly and grateful i' ter strong nature hAd been drawn forth by tnc desolate orphan girl who had the spirit to withstand her hitherto unresisted tyranny, and the perception to ap peal to the better 6elf which lay beneath it. So Mrs. Saville sat bv herself, thinking deeply of her past, her present, and the possible future, one warm, rainy morning. ' Horrid weather for Hope,' she thought ; ' impossible lor nerves to get right under such skyey influ ence.' Yes, she must get Hope out of town. How desolate her life would be without that girl 1 and she would need comfort and support in coming years. Even if she brought herself to accept Hugh's wife, she would probably turn out a thorn in thoir side and keep her and her son apart. Here, the old butler, with a beaming face, announced,' Mr. Hugh, ma'am,' and tier son entered. How well, how distinguished, he looked I his strong face deeply embrowned, his fine eyes looking eager yet soft. 'Hugh!' cried Mrs. Saville, rising, and trembling from head to foot. ' My dear mother !' he returned, tenderly, with the slight hoarseness of warm emotion, and he clasped her in his arms, kissing her af fectionately. ' Are you indeed safe and well ?' ** &[y son ! you have nearly broken my heart !' Her tones told him he was already half for given. ' Hawson told mc thin morning, just now, that I might venture to call. You must for* give me, mother. I know I described your anger, and this I regret. I only want you to let me come and sec you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. I can fight for my own hand; but you must accept my innocent wife too.' ' It will be hard a task, Hugh. I am a pre judiced woman, and my prejudices arc strong against her.' ' I think they will melt when you see her, mother.' 41 1 doubt it,' Mrs. Saville was beginning, whon the door opened, and Hope Dosmond walked slowly into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile in her simple black dress. No sooner had sne caught sight of Hugh than her cheeks (lushed, her great brown eyes lit up with a look half joy, half terror, and her lipB parted with a slight cry. ftugti Saville sprang forward, exglaimwgi 41 My own lovot my own darling wife!' and i folded her in a rapturous emlH.n'o, kissing her . hair, her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything 1 else. : Mrs. Saville again rose fror i her chair, and . Blood pritrifled, At laat ll'pe dimntanglnd j herself from her husband's a'-ms, and, crossing . to where her mother-in l:uv stood, Mid, ? brokenly, 44 Can you forgive mu the deceit I | have practised? Can you havo patience to j hear my explanation ?' j 44 1 am bewildered.' cried Mrs. Saville, look- I intr froni one to the other. 4 Hope Dontnond ' your wife, Hn-jh ?' i 41 Sheirt! Can you not foryive me now?'1 Raid Hu';h, advancing to support Hope's treinbl- j iug form bv passing his arm around her. \ 44 It i»- incredible ! How did you -jom« to1 impose upon mc in this way?' I 44 1 will toll yon all,' Hope began, when she was inte rrupted by a message which the butler ; brought from Mr. Rawson requesting to be ad mitted, 1 41 Show him up ; he iB a party to the fraud,' , said Mrs. Saville, sternly. Hugh drew his wife closer to him as Mr. 1 Hawson entered looking radiant. 44 1 trust you do not consider ine an intruder,' , lie said. 4' You come just when you nve wanted, t feel my brain turning,' returned Mrs. Saville. 41 If you will listen,' urged Hope, with clasped hands. 44 Yes, pray hear Mrs. Hugh Saville,' said Mr. Hawson. Mrs. Sivillo turned a startled lor*k upon him, j and Hope went on : 44 When I came to Ibis ; good friend, who offered mc the shelter of bis ? house so soon as he found I was the niece of j his old rector, I was in despair. I began to i realize the mistake, the disobedience, that ! Hugh had been guilty of. I had yielded too. readily to tbe temptation of spending my life with him. I felt that I was the cause of his troubles, and I was overwhelmed. I wished ; that I could die ; anything to be no longer a burden and an obstacle. Then I heard Mr. j Hawson speak of finding a companion for Mrs. ; Saville, and the thought came to me of being that companion, and perhaps winning her af fection for myself and restoration for Hugh.' A sudden sob i tcrrupted her; then, with an effort, she went on : 44 Mr. Hawson was startled 1 at tiie idea, but his daughter at once took it up, and, after some discussion, it was agreed that I j should make the desperate attempt. I was , therefore introduced to you by two of my names— Hope Desmond. I was called Ka therine Hope Desmond after my mother, who was Uncle Desmond's only sister. How I had courage to brave such an experiment I cannot j now understand, for my heait' — she pressed ] her hands against her bosom, and, disengaging herself, made a step nearer her mother-in-law — 'seems to flutter and fail mc. Hut the desire to retrieve the wrong I had wrought sustained me. I did not tell Hugh what I had undertaken until I had been some weeks with you. He was much alarmed, and begged me not to risk too much — to leave as soon as I could, if the strain was too great ; hut he did not forbid mc to stay. So I stayed. How dreadful the be ginning was ! Yes, though you were cold and stern, I could bear it, for you are too strong to be suspicious, or petty, or narrow, and I dared not let myself fear you ; and then — I grew to know you had a heart. Tbat is what makes this moment so terrible ; I fear your disap proval more than your displeasure. Now, can you, will you, forgive me ?' Mrs. Saville was silent ; her brows wereknit. her eyes downcast ; yet Hope dared to take the tine small hand which lay on the arm of the chair. Mrs. Saville did not draw it away. The lookers on held their breath. Then she drew Hope's to her, and gentlv stroked it. 41 1 think,' she said, slowly, 41 that you arc the only creature that ever understood mn. I forgive your husband, and accept you—not because his disobedience is pardonable, but because, when I came back from the jaws of death, the first sight that met my eyes were your tears of joy at my recovery Yet, hod I died intestate, you and your husband would have been far better off than you will be ; and you knew it. You are the first thpt has ever given me wliat gold cannot buy.' 44 Mother,' cried Hugh Saville. in a tone of wounded feeling, 44 1 always loved you a6 much as you would let ma.' 44 Perhaps you did. I believe you did,' said his mother. Hope had sunk on her knee*, and kissed the hands which held hers, then her head fell for ward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. ?4 She is quite overdone,' be exclaimed, al most indignantly. ?* She is hut the ghost of her form r self.' And he placed her in an easy chair, where she lay with closed eyes. 44 Happiness will be a rapid restorative,' said Mrs. Saville, kindly. 41 Xow,wbat punishment is to ho dealt out to »/*»*#, traitor that you are?' she continued, turning to Mr. itawsen. *' To i enter into a conspiracy against your trusting I client ! Shall I degrade you from the high , office of ray chief adviser? [ must hold a council, and the council-board shall be my din- ! ner-Uble. Drin^your daughter to dinner this, evening, and we shall settle many matters. | And, Hope, if you feel equal to the task, write j to llichard, inviting him to dinner to meet bis ; new sister-in-law.' 44 Very few fellows have no good a right to be proud of a wife as I havo,' cried Hugh, exult inglv. ' Our old naval stories of desperate cutting-out exploits are poor compared to the enduring courage that upheld Kale, as I always call her, through the long strain of her bold undertaking.' 44 She has enlightened me at all events,*' said Mrs. Saville. 14 Now go away to the drawing room and have your talk out. The doctor in sists that a complete change is necessary for Hope's recovery ; so take your wife away to morrow for your long-delayed honey-moon. Hut, remember, when you are pursuing your profession on the high seas, I claim the com panionship of Mr. Hawson's pleasant /irotfyeV,' 44 Duav Mrs. Saville, I will he your loving daughter so long as you care to have me near you,' cried Hope ; and, no longer hesitating, she folded lier formidable mother-in-law in her warm embrace. Tiik End. 