THE BIRTH AND DEATH OF A NEWSPAPER. — ,J . -.-??:. A MELBOURNE PAPER CEASES PUB LISHING AFTER A CAHEEROF OVER TWESTT Y Y KARS. A TIMELY WARNING TO THE UNINITIATED. If any proof were Wanted to show tbe vicissitudes which a newspaper has to undergo the career of tbe ill-starred Daily Telegraph, the hist publication of which was issued on the 3rd instant, would fur nish 3ucb. In our own colony tbe papers, those of the metropolis especially, have had similar up-hill work f 3 encounter, and d lin- ing the existence of the unfortunate paper under notice we have wit nessed the col' lapse of no less than fourteen - newspaper ventures, which were, to all_ appearances, successfully launched in various portions of this territory. Of 1hio number Fre mantle and Perth claim tbe majority of wrecked newspaper plants, while the ex perience of these who have invested their hard-earned casa in these seductive specul ations would, doubtless, supply many hours of highly interesting readings But for a paper with the reputation such as that of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph to come to grief, is indeed astounding to those not in the official confidence of the concern, the publication of which extended over twenty years. To those of our readers who may be uninitiated in theups and downs incident to newspaper work, the fallowing history of the life and death ot our .con temporary, whode ill- luck we much regret, will, we trust/ be of interest and, let us hope, material advantage : — . The announcement made by ' the Mel bourne Daily Telegraphon Tuesday, May 3, that that was its last issue, was not a sur prise to anyone in Australia, and, indeed, the wonder is tfaat.it had lasted 60 long. In ifs origin it had every reasonable pro bability of success* as its prime mover* were ?'«» of proved ability and long ptac tical experience. No journal could ? wish, for a more efficient man at the head of each department than Mr. Howard Willoughby as editor, Mr. doatertos as manager, and Mr. Purse as accountant, Tbe paper de served success, and it obtained it, and re tained the public favour till the new management appointed in 1883, which was composed of nun who seemed to think that capital was the one and only requisite for successful journalism. They commenced a course of extravagance hi the office which fell little short of recklessness, while at the same, time they weakened ^be power of the jonrnal by afoo'ieh attempt to com bine the editorial chair with the Presby teriin pulpit- It was clear, except to a' few fanatics, that such a course could only lead to the financial disaster which has now taken place. The Telegraph lost its hold on the public, decadence set in, and the process thoagh slow, was none the less sure. After enduring death in life under the new minagement for about nine years, it quietly give up the ghost on the date above-m ntioned. The Daily Telegraph first eaw the light of day on Monday, February. 8, 1869, its birth being announced with the following; blare of bugles and crashing of drums on' the part of tbe spirited editor : — ' ' Where everything is' new and nothing strange, the mere quality of newness in a. public journal will sot in itself attract much attention here in Victoria. We shall take leave to assume . therefore, that the difference of age between ourselves and our local contemporaries will be neither an ad vantage nor a drawback, neither a gain' nor a loss, unless we show as a title to ex tended favour that we are a trifle fresher than they are, and something livelier than they were wont to be. On the score of novelty alone, however, we may claim some attention, for if we are not wiser than our neighbours, we at.-least differ from them in this important respect, that we appear 'to day at the -unprejudiced and untried ad vocates of purely .Liberal principles. So far as Melbourne is concerned,' the char acter of a, perfectly independent and fear less jonrnal is altogether a novel one. We ? shall continue to represent that novel character to the close of our career, and un- ? til it ceases to be novel, without reference to mercenary considerations, and without regard to private ends. We are not to be bought ; we are not even in the market. By whatever, name political parlies are known, by whatever pledges public men are bound; by whatever links the unlovely and carpulous rank and file of faction are associated, we shall stand apart from tbe. strife ; and expecting neither fee nor re tainer, we jshall recoxd-the movements and comment on the manoeuvres of the combat autis^and watch, the issues of the conflict in the interests of the one and undivided. Liberal, party — the people of Vietoria. When we cease to do this we shall deserve to drift away on the slack of the tide, into tiie outer ocean of oblivion, where our sins mil be visited with their due -punishment, .and where our wages will came to us in the form of a, timely and merited extinction. The end and aim of our experiment is not to count the welcome shower of coppers from men who despise while they use us. We have a higher ambition than this, and, therefore, we tell the people of Victoria that if we cannot maintain the position of independence which we propose to ourselves, we shall sink out of sight, and abandon the field to those who cm find congenial sus tenance in it, and .who possess the noble faculty, of. gathering grapes from thistles. That we have confidence in those to whom we make onr appeal, confidence in ourselves and confidence in the line of action which we have hud down as that from which we will not swerve, is proved by the f net of our existence, The reason of our being is a simple one. We believe that we are wanted, that we have honest work to do, and we respond to the calL If the voice which we answer is not the voice of the people, but only an uncertain echo after all, then our perceptions are at fault, and the jouranals of the day — we say it with bated breath — are genuine enough for Victoria, and that we tbink is say ing more than human credu lity can realise.' The question naturally arises what was the raiton d'etre of the ven ture, what hid occurred to render the suc cess of the undertaking probable at this particular time ? The Herald, which had existed for many years as' a morning journal had just been converted into an evening paper ; the Argus and the Age had not covered so wide an are* as they do at present and hence it was felt by the promoters that a sufficient gap existed to justify the publication of another morning journal, in place of the defunct Herald. After much deliberation five gen tleman undertook to step into the breach. Several good men had been connected with the Herald in its career before it reached the ' last scene of all,' and amongst these were Mr. Charles F. Somerton, manager, and Mr. Purse, accountant. The transaction which translated the Morning Herald into the Evening Herald as it exists to-day, was carried out by Mr. David Syme, who bought the goodwill and all appertaining thereto. Mr. Syme, after buying the Mom ing Herald, and converting it into an even ing paper, with the same nomenclature, re quested Mr. Someiton to take charge of it on the niosl liberal terms. Mr. Somerton did so, but omng to certain disagreements, . which only affected the parties directly concerned, Mr. Somerton resigned his posit isn on the Herald shortly afterwards. This incident, small sa it may appear in inself , was fraught with large results, as it led to the foundation of the Daily Telegraph. Mr. Somerton took counsel with several friends, with the result that five gentle men, including himwlf, joined in the en terprise of «frM*jtig a morning journal. The meeting, at which the prospectus was drawn out, was held at Mr. Somerton's house, ' Goodweod Lodge,' Richmond, and it was published ia the two morning papers the next morning — but, in the case of the Age, the proprietors refused to allow a second insertion. Had Mr. Syme and Mr. Somer ton been more agreeable, or less disagreea ble, in their relations towards' each other, theebanees are that the Telegraph would never have come into existence. As it was, however, it did come into existence, fcli» annnmra hftintr Mr. Somertsn. manasrer: Mr. Purse, accountant; Mr. EL Bowden (of the firm of Messrs. W. P. White and Company, shipping agents); Mr. Howard Willoughby (who had resigned his position on Hansard to take office and part proprie torship of the journal), and the old and respected solicitor, Mr. J. G. Dufiett. From the very first the journal was written with a vigour and independence that let light into many matters which the existing journals had hitherto ignored. The ottier morning pipers had to look to their laurels ; bore was a, dashing . sort of Jjonr naliEmi that took no notice of patties, and tbe old prosaic press of t he-time was rudely shaken from its s'amber, and wae forced to rise to the occasion, which, undoubtedly, it did. Bat be it remembered, that though tbe Daily Telegraph has in a long run been a finuicial failure, it has done more than any other factor existent in Victoria to wards elevating the. tone pf journaliam-*J)y example, and keen competition. In spite of the animosity — possibly wry nntural — with .which, the Daily Telegraph had to contend, the paper made a start, bat when printing its first issue tne machinery broke dewn, and they bad to have it printed by the Argus. The initial difficulties were eventually overcome and the venture wa- duly launched. In 1877 Mr. Willoughby was induced to join tbe Argus staff, as his force in writing was found to be too formidable in a rival, Shortly afterwards he sold bis interest to the other partners. After this the paper took up a strong position against the actions of the Berry Government, and it said S3me Very bitt*r things about them. An important change occurred in the re tirement of Mr. Lynch, who left to become part1 proprietor of the Sydney Daily TtU graph, and was succeeded by Mr. Itehert Walker, who occupied the editorial chair till the origin.-il firm so'.d the journal to a limited liability company consisting of Messrs. Balfonr, Moo He, Davis (now Sir M.H.), aud Richmond, a wealthy squatter. This transaction took place about September, 1883. The original firm claim that the Telegraph was a financial success from the very start up to the time they sold, and the reason which induced th^in to sell is obvious en6ngb;: when stated. The journal had been to some cxteot ' goodyrgoody.**- bat not sufficiently et for a certain class of religious extremist?. A tlepntMioa from these waited upon the manager and request ed hi tn to go further in this direction and. make the paper practically an exponent of their ultra views. This the manager re fused t» do, recognising that they htd already gone as far as they could with safety. The deputation replied by threaten ing to start a fourth morning paper,- Wl Sch would give full scope to their peculiar views of theology.. Negotiations ensued, witb the result that the Telegraph became the property of the gentlemen above men tioned. , ? So fearless' and outspoken was the Tele grpiph that it never hesitated t» expose a wrong, and this led to more than one libel action, bnt in every case It cause off victorious. Amongst others was the famous Oakleigh scandal, which -was so vigorously exposed that an action for £5000 was brought against the paper. On a, legal point the plaintiff was awarded Jd. damage?, which wasequijr&lent;,to a verdict for the defendant. To the surprise of everybody the Judge (the kite Mr. Justice Barry) gave costs against the paper. The sym pathies of the public of Melbourne were with the paper, and a meeting was called at which the full amount of costs would have been subscribed, but the proprietors refused to accept it. : In 1893, therefore, a new era, which may be described as the Presbyteiiaa-Evange* lical era,' was inaugurated under the management of Mr. J. McKinley, aad with tt few alterations of the personnel of the proprietors, it continued -under that regume till its d'ea'h. 