flllATTEK III. « What’s the matter, Tom Bruce?” said the , father, eyeing him with surprise. j “Matter enough,” respouded the young giant, with a grin of mingled awe and delight; , “ the Jibbenainosay is up again !” “Whar?” cried the senior, eagerly,—“not j in our limits?” j “ No, by Jehosbaphat,” replied Tom ; ‘ * hut nigh enough to bo neighborly,—on the north hank of Kentuck, whar he has loft hia mark right in the middle of the road, as fresh as though it war but the work of the morning !»* “And a clear mark, Tom?—no mistake in it?’ “Right to an iota!” said tne young man:— “areggelar cross on the breast, ana a good tomahawk dig right through the skull; and a long-Iegg’d fellowi too, that looked as though he might have fou’t old Sattan himself?” “ It’s tho Jibbenainosay, sure enough; and so good luck to him!” cried the commander; “thar’a aharricane coming!” “Who is the JibbenamoBay?” demanded Forrester. “ Who ?” cried Tom Bruce: ** Why, Nick,— Nick of the Woods.” “And who, if you please, is Nick of the Woods?” “Thar,” replied the junior, with another grin, “ thar, stranger, you're too hard for me. Some think one thing, and some another; hut thar’a many reckon he’s the devil.” “ And his mark, that you were talking of in such mysterious terms,—what is that?” “ Why. a dead Injun, to he sure, with Nick’s mark on him—a knife-cut, or a brace of ’em, over the ribs in tho shape of a cross. That’s the way the Jibbenainosay marks all the meat of bis killing. It has been a whole year now since wo h’ard of him,” “ Captain,” said the elder Bruce, “ you don’t seem to understand the affa’r altogether; but if you were to ask Tom about the Jibbenainosay till doomsday, he could tell you no more than ho has told already. You must know, thar’s a creator’ of some sort or other that ranges the Woods round about our station h’yar, keeping a sort of guard over us like, and killing all the ! brute Injuns that ar’ onlucky enough to come in his way, besides scalping them and marking | them with his mark. Tho Injuns call him i Jibbenainosay, or a word of that natur*, which I them that know more about the Injun gabble ! than I do say means the Spirit-that-walks; and if we can believe any such lying devils aa Injuns (which 1 am loth to do, for tho truth ar’n’t in ’em), he is neither man nor beast, hut a great ghost or devil that knife cannot harm nor bullet touch; and they have always had an idea that our fort h’yar in partickelar, and the country round about, war under his friendly protection—many thanks to him, whether he be a devil or not; for that war the reason the savages so soon left off a worrying of us. ” ‘llsit possible,”said Roland, “that anyone can behove such an absurd story ?” “Why not?” said Bruce, stoutly. “Thar’s the Injuns themselves, Shawn ees, Hurons,Delftwares and all—-but partickelarly the Shawnees, for he beats all creation a-kUling of Shawnees—that believe in him, and hold him in such etarnal dread, that thar’e scarce a brute of ’em has come within 10 miles of the station h’yar this three y’ar; bseause as how, he haunts about oor woods h’yar in partickelar, and kills ’em wheresomever he catches ’em—especially the Shawnees, as I said afore, against which the creator* hns a most butchering spite; and there’s them among the other tribes thatcallhim Shawneewannaween, or the Howl of the Shaw nees, because of his keeping them ever a-howl ing. And thar’s hia marks, captain—what do you make of that ? When you find an Injun lying scalped and tomahawked, it stands to reason thar war something to kill him,” “ Ay, truly,” said Forrester ; “ hut I think you have human beings enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a supernatural “ Strannger,” said Big Tom Bruce the younger, with a sagacious nod, “ when youkill an Injun yourself, I reckon — meaning no offence—you will he willing to take all the honor that can eomo of it, without leaving it be scrambled after by others. Thar’s no man ’arns a scalp in Kentucky, without taking great pains to show it to his neighbors.” “ And besides, captain,” Bsid the father, very gravely, “thar are men among us who have see the creatur’!” “ That,” said Roland, who perceived his new friendB were not well pleased with his incredu lity, “ is an argument I can resist no longer.” “ Thar war Ben Jones, and Sam ^harp and j Peter Small-eye, and a dozen more, who all ! had a glimpse of him stalking through the woods, at different times; and, they agree, he . looks more like a devil nor a mortal man—a great tall fellow, with hornB and a hairy head Itke a buffalo- bull, and a little devil that looks like a black b’ar, that walks before him to point out the way. He war always found in the deepest forests, aud that’s the reason we call him the Nick of the Woods * whurby we mean Old Nick of tho Woods ; for we hold him to be the devil, though a friendly one to all but tho Injuns. Now, captain, I war never superstitious in my life—but I go my death on the Jibbenainosay ! I never seed tho creator’ himBelf, but I have seen, in my time, two diffe rent savages of his killing. It’s a sura sign, If yon Bee him in the woods, there’slnjuns at hand; and it’s a good sign when you find his mark without seeing himself, for then you may he sure tho brntes are off—for they can’t stand old Nick of the Woods no how ! At first, he war never h’ard of afar from our station ; but ho has begun to widen his range. Last year ho left hia marks down Salt River in Jeffer son ; and now, you see, ho is striking game north of the Kentucky ; and I’ve h’ard of them that say he kills Shawnees even in their own country ; though c^naaruing that I’ll not he so j parlickelar. No, no, Captain, thar’s no mistake in Nick of tho Woods ; and if you are so minded, we will go and h’ar tho whole news of j him. But I say, Tom,” continued the Ken tuckian, as the three loft the porch together, “ who brought the news ?** “ Captain Ralph—Roaring Ralph Stackpole,” replied Tom Brace, with a knowing and humorous look. “ What!” cried the father, in sudden alarm; “Look to the horses, Tom 1” “ I will,” said the youth, laughing; “ it war no sooner known that Captain Ralph war among ns, than it was resolved to have six Regulators in tho range, all night! Thar’a some of these new colt« (not to speak of our own creators), and especially that blooded brown beast of the captain’s, which the nigger calls Brown Briery, or some such name, would sot a better man than Roaring Ralph Stock pnle’s mouth watering.” “ And who,” said Roland, “ is Roaring Ralph Stock pole ? and what has he to do with Brown Briareus ?” “ A proper fellow asev-ryou mw,” replied Tom, approvingly—“ killed two Injuns once, single handed, on Bear-Gnus, and has stolen more horses from them than ar’ another man in Kentucky. A prime creatur’! but he has his fault, poor fellow, and sometimes ariatakeR a i Chris!mu*n horse for an Injun k, th-ir’s the I truth of it!” “ And such scoundrels you make officers of P” I demand'd thesoldier. indignantly. | “ Oh,” *aid the older Bruce “ thar’s no regular cnmrai-riou in vhc ease. Rut whar thar’s h knot of our poor folks out of hordes, and inclined to steal a lot from the Shawnees (which is all fa’r plundering, you see, foe thar’s not, a hoT.^e among th^m, tlm bitrios, that they 1 did not uteal from Kentaeky), they tend fo^ I Roaring Ralph, and mako kirn their captain; anil a capital one he is, too, being all IlgUt from top to bottom; and as for the Btoaling part, thnr’s no one can equal him. But, as Tom says, he sometimes hoes make mistakes; having stolen horses so often from the Iujuua he cau scarce keep his hands off a Christian's, and Unit makes us wratliy.” By this time the speakers had reached tho gate of the fort, and passed among tho cabins outside, where they found a throng of the villagers surrounding the captain or horse thioves, and listening with great edification to, and deriving no little amusement from, his account of the last achievement of the Jib benaiuosay. Of this, as it related no more than tho young Bruce had already ropeatod — namely, that while riding that morning from the north side, he had stumbled upon tho corpse of an Indian, which bore all the marks of having been a late victim to the wandering demon of tho woods—we shall say nothing; hut the appearance and conduct of tho narrator, one of the first, and perhaps tho parent, of tlio race of men who have made Salt River so renowned in story, were such as demand a less summary notice. Ho was stout, bandy- legged, broad-shouldered, bull-headed, ugly, aud had a villainous look; yet with an impudent, swag gering, joyous self-esteem traced in every feature, aud expressed in every action of body, that rather disposed the beholder to laugh than ■ to be displeased at his appoarance. An old blanket or wrap-rascal, once white, but now of the samo muddy brown hue that staiued bis visage—and onco also of sufficient length to defend bis legs, though tho skirts bad long since been transferred to the cuffs and elbows, wliero they appeared in huge patches—covered the unper part of his body: while the lower boasted a pair of buckskin _ breeches and leather wrappers somewhat its junior in age, but its rival in mud and macu latiou. An old round fur hat, intended originally fora boy, and only made to fit Ills head by being split in sundry places at tho bottom, thus leaving a dozen yawning gaps, through which, ns through the chinks of a lattice, stolo out as many stiff bunches of black hair, gave to tho capital excrescence an air as ridiculous as it was truly uncouth ; which was not a little increased by the absenco of one side of the brim, and by a loose fragment of it hang ing down on the other. To give Eomothiug martial to an appearance in other respects so outlandish and ludicrous, ho had his rillo, and other usual equipments of a woodsman, in cluding the knife and the tomahawk; the first of which he carried inliis hand, swinging it about, at every moment, with a vigour and apparent carelessness well fitted to discompose a nervous person, had any such happened among his auditors. As if there was not enough in his figure, visage, and attire, to move tho mirth of beholders, he added to other attrac tions a variety of gestures and antics ef the most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaping, and dodging about, clapping his hands ana cracking his heels together, with the aotivity, restless ness, and, we may add, the grace, of a jumping jack. Such was the worthy, or unworthy, son of Stilt River, a man wholly unknown to his hiBtory, though not to local and traditional fame, and much less to the then inhabitants of Bruce’e Station, to whom he related his news of the Jihhenoinosay, with that emphasis and im portance of tone and manner which are most significantly expressed in the phrase of “laying down the law.” As soon asheBawthecommanderofthe station approaching, hecleared the throng around him, by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the hand, and, doing the same with the soldier, before Roland conld repel him, as ha would have done, “ Glad to see you, cunnelsame to you, Btranger—"What's the news from Vir ginnie? Stranger, my name’s Ralph Stack pole, and I’m a ring-tailed Bquealer ! ” . “Then, Mr Ralph Stackpole, the ringtailed squealer,” said Roland, disengaging his hand, “ be so good as to pursue your business, without regarding or taking any notice of me.” “ ’Tarnal death to me!” cried the captain of horse thieves, indignant at tho rebuff, “I'm a gentleman, and my name's Fight! Foot and hand, tooth and nail, claw and mud-soraper, knife, gun and tomahawk, or any other way you choose to take, I'm your man ! Cock-a doodle-doo l” And, with that, tho gentleman jumped into the air, and flapped his wings, as much to tho astonishment of the provoker of his wrath, as of any other person present. “ Come, Ralph,” said the oommander of the station, “ whar'd’ you steal that brown mar’ thar?”—a question whose abruptness somewhat quelled the ferment of the man's fury, - while it drew a roar of laughter from the lookers-on. “Thar it is!” said he, strikingan attitude, and clapping a band on his breast, like a man who felt his honor unjustly assailed. “ Steal 1 I steal any horse hut an Injun's T Whar’s the mm dar’s insinivate that ? Blood and maasa cree ation! whar’s the man ? ” “ H’yar,” said Bruce, very composedly. “ I know the old mar’ belongs to Peter Harper, on the north side.” “Tour right, by Hooky 1 ” cued Roaring Ralph; at which admission of his knavery the merriment of the spectators was greatly in creased ; nor was it much lessened when the fellow proceeded to aver that he had borrowed it, and that with theexpresa stipulation that it should be left at Bruce’s station, subject to the orders of its owner. “ Thar, cunnel,” said he, “ tha’a the beast; take it; and just tell the one you mean to lend me,—for I must he off afore sunset,” “ And whar are you going ? ” asked Bruce. “To St. Asaph's,’’—which was a station some 20 or 30 miles off,—replied Captain Stackpole. “Too far for the Regulators to follow, Ralph,” said Colonel Bruce; at which the young men present laughed loader than ever, and eyed the visitor in a way that seemed both to dis concert and offend him. “Cunnel,” said he, “you're a man in authority, and my superior officer: wharfo’ thar' can be no scalping botween us. But my name’s Tom Dowdle, the ragman!’’ he screamed, suddenly skipping into the thickest of the throng, and soundingdqnote of defiance; “myname's Tom Dowdle, the ragman, and I'm for any man that insults me; long-leg or leather-breeches, green-shirt or blanket- coat, land-trotter or river-roller—I’m the man for a massacres 1” Then giving himself a twirl npon his foot, that would have done credit to a dancing- master, he proceeded to other antic demonstrations of hostility,' which, when per formed in after years on the banks of the Lower Mississippi, by him and his worthy imitators, were, we suspect, the cause of their receiving the name of tho mighty alligator. It is said, by naturalists, of this monstrous reptile, that he delights, when the returning warmth of spring has brought his fellows from their holes, • and placed- them basking along the banks of a swampy lagoon, to dart into the centre of the expanse, and challenge the whole field to combat. He roan, he blows tho water from his nostrils, he lashes it with his toil, he whirls Toand and round, churning the water into foam, until having worked himself into a proper fury, be darts back again to the shore to •seek an antagonist. Had the gallant captain of horse-thieves boasted the blood, as he after wards did tho name, of an “ alligator half breed,” he conld scarcely have conducted him self in a way more worthy of his parentage. He leaped into the centre of the throng, where, having found elbow-room for his purpose, he performed the gyration mentioned before, fol lowing it up by other feats expressive of his hostile hnmour. He flapped his wings and crowed till every chanticleer in the settlement replied to the note of battle ; he snorted and neighed like ahorse ; he bellowed like a boll; lie barked like a. dog ; he yelled like an Indian; he whined like a panther; he howled like a wolf, until onb would have thought he was a living menagerie, comprising within his single body the spirit of every animal noted for its 1 love of conflict. Then, not content with such a display of readinoss to fight the field, be darted from the centre of thd area allowed him for his exercise, and invited the lookers-on individually to battle. “ Whar's your buffalo bull,” bo cried, “ to cross horns with the roarer of Suit River ? Whar’s your full-blood oolt that can shake a saddle off? h’yar’s an old nag can kick off the top of a buck-eye'. Whar’s your cat of tho Knobs P your wolf of tho Rolling Prairies? h’yar’s the old brown b’ar cau claw the bark of a gum-tree ? H'yar’s a man for you, Tom Bruce! Shame to yon, Sim Roberts 1 to you, Jimmy Big-nose 1 to yon, and to you. and to yon! Ar'n’t I a ring tailed squealer? Can go down Salt on roy hack, mid swim up the Ohio 1 Whar’s tho mnn to fight Roaring Ralph Stackpole ?" (TO EE COXTINUEnO ALFRED COTTRELL and Co., Private Detective, Next of Kin, Missing Friends nnd Enquiry Ofnie-. Reliable information promptly obtained. Oxford-chambers, Bourke street, Melbourne.—[Auto.] Luigi Manfredi, of Naples, has found the streets least exposed to contamin tie average number of microbes in the as only 10,000,000 per gramme. On erbund, in the bnsiost thoronghfareB ETitgo rose to 1,000,000,000, and in f tho dirtiest s.treets to tho enormous of 0,003,000,000 per gramme. fAMXSU IRON AND GAS FITTINGS ■ F liTA-lfi aod SOUS, 910 Flinders lane, Md i asu jw nrauos .’n'^i ***.« nittortu a of plumber and bniidfn g w ateno is. rlii'5tea. ItAd.Mc 