THE SLOWBOB FAMILY GH03T, There was no end of excitement at Hollydale when it became known that a geatiemau re joicing in the name of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grange. Tee old house had been empty tor many a year. It was once tbe residence of a wicked old squire, who mortgaged his estates to the tops of the trees iu the carriage drive, drank port until he required an escort to bed, and was nicknamed Nimrod ou account of bis sporting proclivities. The building, with its many painted gables, mossgrown terraces, and surrouuding grounds, had an evil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustenog night, with enow iu the uir, and tho wind shrieking like a pack of ba.u&hee;«. The people of Hollydale all agreed that if Cypress Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it bad huge panelled rooms, dim aud mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a piece of old armour still remaining upon the walls, and va6t cellars, where perhaps in dayB long past conspirators bad whispered plots, or men, women, and children bad lain hiadett, and trembled as they listened to the thuuder of war between Cavalier and Roundhead. So it was just tHe very happy hunting-ground for a good old- fashioned ghost, grim, ghastly, and deliriously transparent in tbe moonlight. Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no extra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rats, and mice. As for the ghost, it might walk if it liked, or keep away, lie was perfectly inde pendent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghcat of his own— a real family ghost. He wis blessed, among other enviable things, with a handsome wile, a sturdy son and heir, an estromely pretty daughter, aud plenty of money. Seme people said that he bad founded hia fortune ou pickles : others that he had, so to speak, tumbled head first into a mioe of precious metal during the Australian gold fever ; a few whispered that he had made thousands in a sinvle day ou the Stock Ex- cbauge ; but all agreed that he was a jolly, Open-banded, generous, plain-spoken, no-hum- bug-about-him gentleman, ana that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. Tbe grocer, baker, and, iu fact, all tbe trades- knew more comic aougs than auybody in the village, and sung Ibera well, too), received such astounding orders tbat they met in the village street and shook hands with each other. Speech failed tbera, aud they could do Lothing but gasp and grin in their delight. It was rather late in December, 1SS0, whou the small army of bricklayers, carpeiiter6, fur- nisbeis, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and made room for the Slowbob family and the servants. The very first thing the now squire did was to frame a programme for the forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to be attended to. the school children to feast their hungry tittle iatiriore on good things and their eyes ou a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and -well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Siowbob driving his sister Dinorah to the rail way station in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not be matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn out, and Tim nandled tbe ribbons in a masterly etyle ; but smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah, with her cheeks glowing with health, hev dimpled chin making love to a sable boa— lucky boa !— her blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet peeping out— they insisted ou peeping oat, aud would take no denial— from under a large bear-akin rag. 44 1 wonder. Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol-toot, " if they will both come down by the same train ?" To this question Dinorah vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and an expres sion Bwif demure, half mischievous settled oo ber face. And not without reason, for Captain Herbert Iteunon— who had smelt gunpowder with ballets and cannou-balls at the business end of it, and was a perfect fire- eater— had whispered certain tender words in her ear, and repeated them on 6uperflr.e note-paper embla zoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gflderson had done exactly the same thing, and heigho ! it was a choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christmas, There had already arrived one visitor at Cypress Grange— Jack Stanfleld, ibe son of a jtfiftVtPT man, who had worked' hia way up' from errand 'hoy to millionaire. Jack was a rather matter-of-fact young man about two- and twenty years of age, and looked the very last one to t all in love tor some time to come, - 44 Haven't time, "he would say when spoken to on the subject. "You see, my guv'nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfleld and Mr. Slowbob went out for a ride on horseback, while Tim and his 6ister drove to the station ; and they were hack again just as the waggonette with its distinguished company and heaps of luggage came clattering through the drive, throwing up the snow and down the hoar frost like showers of diamonds. 44 Here they are !" cried Timothy Slow'oob, running down tbe terrace steps. 44 Welcome my noble captain !— welcome Gilderson ! God bices you and ns all ! Merry Christmas ! Come in -come in ! What splendid weather for the holidays ! Ha, ha, ha 1" That laugh was loud and joyous enough io set the church bells ringing out of very sym pathy, and the style in which Timothy Slow- bob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stone. Captain Benoon was a tall, thin man on tbe wrong side of 30 ; Stanley Gilderson was his junior by some five years, about the medium height, dark, and would have been good-look ing had his nose not been a trifle too long for his face. He and the captain travelled down from Loudon in separate carriages, and had said very little to each other during the exhilaratiog drive from the station. Neither seemed overpowered with joy to see Jack Stanfleld, who was tall, broad- shouldered, and as ruddy as if ho passed his life in toe open- air; and to make matters rather more compli cated, he deliberately lifted Dinorah out of the waggonette, and placed her, with her feet twinkling in the air, on a step swept clean of tbe snow— which was a bold act, and a rather unreasonable one in a young man who had uot tbe time to listen to Cupid's arguments. The old dinin groom teemed with light and warmth when the party assembled later on, and if there was any cause for complaint, it certainly might have come from the sumptu- oasly-laid tab!e, 44 1 have settled down at last to be a real ola country 6quire," said Timothy Slowbob. rub bing his hands, 44 and if life is grauted me, I will play tbe part well. Bless me, I can look back 4G years and see myself scuttling along the foggy streets of London, with my breakfast in one pocket and my dinner iu the other. How little I thought then'of being master of Cypress Grange, or dreamed of anything better than a small house and a hit of garden. But mind vou," he added, 44 1 sprang from a good btcck. The Slowbobs were great people hundreds of years ago, and on my mother's 6:de there is aristocratic blood enough to turn the pages of Burke's Peers go blue. And that accounts for our family ghost." "Haw haw!'' laughed C&ptaia; Rennon. 44 Do you really belie re in ghosts 44 1 don't want to believe— I am convinced/1 Timothy Slowbob rejoined. 44 1 am not convinced, but I can believe,' said Jack Stanfirid. 44 What i your opiuion ou tbesubject, Mr. Gilderson V" ' Weallv," replied the gentleman addressed, who was blessed with an interesting impedi ment in bis speech— 44 weally— now, weallv, I have never seen a ghost, but I dcretbsy other people havo. 1 should like to hear what Milb Slowbob thays." 44 Oh, I have never seen our family ghost, but I must put implicit faith iu my father," Dinorahsaid. " It is one of hia pet ChrKtmas subjects, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dinner." 4 4 "For my own part," Captain L?nnon chimed in, 44 nothing would delight me so much 8s to meet a ghost. I would turn the fellow to ac count— put him under a glass case, you know, and exhibit bim as a curiosity all over the country. Why, I declare— haw, haw ! — that Mr. Stanfleld is quite pale." 44 Under the lamplight, 1 confess," Jack re plied, 44 But, to tell you the truth. I have read and heard so much about ghosts that 1 should not care to exercise my mind much on the subject, lest that " 44 You would grow nervous," the captain interposed, 44 You may put it tbat way if you like," Jack Stonfield returned. 44 1 was about to cay, lest It ehould trouble me, end bother my sleep with ugly dreams." j Timothy Slowbob's family ghost wa» tempo- i rarily laid, and other things discussed. When- ever Captain Rennon made a remark to Dinorah. Sten'v him.nnd wheiiStiiuley (Jildareon followed tuit, (he cap tain frowned darkly, aud glared at him. When the gentlemen wore left to their wine it was easy to see tbat Timothy Slowbob needed no encouragement to tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufficient to set him going. 4 The story," he said, 41 Las been handed i down from pouoration to generation. In Iho days when Charles the First eat so unsteadily on the throne, one portion of tho Slow- bobs lived iu Buckinghamshire, Francis Slowbob owned a goodly estate, and led a quiet, peaceable life, but unfortunately his two sons, fine young fellows, took up aims— Frau k for the king, nud Philip for the Parlia ment. 44 It was a miserable state of affairs for all concerned. Their groy- haired father implored them on his kaees to remain in brotherly love and at home, but lie spoke to deaf ears, aud his fatherly counsels passed unheeded, 44 Frank rode away to join a Cavalier regi ment bound for Oxford : Philip enlisted at Uxbridge, which, after the fruitless attempt of the representatives of the opposite parties to form a treaty of peace, tell luto the hands j of tbe so-called Roundheads. I 44 The winter of 1G10 passed away, aod with the spring the fighting began again io real earnest. A battle was fought and wou by Cromwell's adherents, nud no mau felt more flushed with triumph than Philip Slowbcb, who for his valour had been promoted to a cap- taincy. 44 Oo that very day be had led a squadron of Ironsides to victory. d:ishir.g through tho. thinned ranks of tlio brave but despairing! Cavaliers as if tbsy were so much paper. Ana i now he sat in Ids tent, writing to his father, who lay ill and heart broken at home. " ' The war i nearly over,' he wrote. 4 and in a few months I hope to be with you again, to receive your forgiveness and blessing. I! Frank lives, be will sec the error of his ways, and join the popular cause' 44 He got no further, for ihe paper was sud denly snatched by au unseen Land, torn iu a hundred fragments, and tossed contemptuously inthcair. Filled with horror, Philipdashed out of the tent, aud tied to anothercccupied by several of bis comrade?. White to the lips, lie told them what lie had experienced: but he was only laughed at, aud told he had been dream ing 44 4 No, no ! he wailed : 4 I was in mr sober, wakeful semes. Mv brother Frank is dend!' 4 And slain by your own hand,' whispered a voice in his ear. ' Oh, brother, brother, that it should have come to this !' 41 4 Heard you uot that:' Philip shrieked. Mv brother's snirit declerte it n-nsmrbnn that despoiled his body of breatb. He cries for vengeance ; bis blood is rn my head ! Oh, merciful heaven, what have I done? — what have I done ?' "His brother officers, in alarm, sent for a surgeon, who, bavins bled him, administered soothing draught, and ordered that he should be put to bed without dilay, aud closely watched ; for Philip's sudden malady was put down to a raging fever which ofLen attacked men fresh from :bc field of battle. 41 Philip made uo mistimes whatever. He repealed his convictiou (hat hia brother Frank' Was dead, and then lying down, talked calmly, butsadly. to the man placed in the tent. "Now Philip suddenly saw .1 change come over the soldier. His c&u; of steel became a gaily-plumed hat, his breast-plate was trans formed into a tunic, aud the man's rough features melted ioto the likeness of Frank. 44 Philip knew that he was iu the presence of Lis brother's spe're, and he lay speechless, and , bound under au awful spell. 44 4 Brother, eaid the ghost, 4 do not take my death to heart. You slew me inoocentlv in tbe charge, and all I ask is that you will reek my body, and see that it is put decently under the earth. I died for my country, and I am per mitted to come to you for & brief time, to tell you that whenever a member of our family is in danger of sudden calamity or of harm being done. I shall warn him or her, as the case may be. Sach I shall do in the spirit, because I lest my life at my own brother's bonds, and the curse that is upon him is upon me, for we were at variance, and our hands against each other. I am doomed to haunt the earth from time to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside Sour arms and hasten borne; our father is' ying. and it is only right that one of his sons should receive his blessing.' " Philip uttered a sharp'cry and started np, and Io ! there sat the Ironside leaning drowsily on his sword. The young officer was so much impressed with the virioD; that on tbe follow ing day be received permission to return home. And only just in time. His father was dving : thfc sands of his life were running out asf, bet he was still conscious. un,xnyeon, Baia-uie ota man, x nave prayed that you might return. I have already seen Frank, but not in the flesb. He xs dead— dead— dead ! Woe the hour that yoa.Ieft ray roof! And-here under this roof toSd .a"new life. Repent of the grievous error you have committed. Bepent in' true sincerity of heart) for your time is short" ' 44 The old man's lips moved again, but the words died away, and bis spirit fled. 44 Philip shut himself up in the old house, seeing nobody but his manservant, and ere the year passed be pined and died." 44I thay," lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob ceased speaking, 44 what a dweadful sthory ! Hath the gbohth ever been theen ?" 44 On several occasions," Mr. Slowbob replied, solemnly. 44 My grandmother was engaged to be mairied to a ne'er-do-well who had a greedy eye on her money, and the chost warned her father of it. I firmly believe that if any ! rascal or adventurer ever came to my house the ; ghost would appear and frighten him out of it." Captain Herbert Rennon sat silent, and fidgeted about as if certain ugly thoughts troubled hici. Ho was nono too rich, and had made up his mind to woo aud win Dinorah, but he wished tbat she had a better name to change than such a one as Slowbob. It cer tainly was not commonplace, but on the other hand it was neither musical nor aristocratic. 44 By the way," he said, "1 should imagine tbat the family uoine was originally Sloe bo ugh, and became eorruptod." "Slowbob is good enough for'mei: at ell events," returned his host, rather sharply k 44 If it had been Thickhead, I should Lave had to put up with it." On the following morning, after breakfast, Captain Benuon buttonholed Jsck Stanfleld, ana whispered something mvsterioui in his car. 44 Oh, yes," Jack said ; 44 it can be managed without much trouble, but it is rather a dark plot. It might tnd in fits, you know." 44 1— I may trust you I hope?" the captain stammered. 4 4 Certainly," 44 Well, then, I don't mind telling you tbat I am madly in love with Diuorah Slowbob, and that I would charge an army single-handed to make her my wife." 44 1 will get what you ask, and have it sent dowo in my name," Jack eaid ; 14 but you must be extremely cautious. It would be a fearful thiog if any mistake was made. Fancy, for in stance, an inquest atCbristuiu-tide! The bare thought is too horrible to contemplate." About an hour later Jack Stanfleld went for a 44 constitutional " in the park. His face underwent several chauges as he strode along like a young giant. Sometimes be looked very grave and exercised in his mind, but now and then he broke iuto a loud laugh, and snapped his fingers contemptuously. Any stranger might have thought that he was rehearsing a part for amateur theatricals, but there was something more than acting pasting iu .Master Jack's mind. Suddenly the report of a gun andlbewhirt of a stroug-winged pheasant startled him. 4 Missed again, sir," said a gruff voice. 44 Mithed ! i ve done nothing but mith tbe birdth. Here take ihe b&iihly; gun, Edwards : my fingerth are iho numb that I can't feel them. Ith time that I went back, as luntbeon rautb be alui06t ready. 44 The victim— the rival. I mean," muttered Jack Stanfield. 44 Aud here he comes. Happy birds, to have no more formidable inarkeman to fear!" Stanley Gilderson was a sight to see. His "get up" would have made the heart of a sporting tailor glad, for hia costume was as perfect aB his (hosting was the direct oppo- sit: 44 Oh, I thay, Sthanfield, you are the very man I want to thee," he cried. 44 You may go back Edwards, and take tbatbeathly gun with you. I than't want it any more while I'm here." Tbe keeper touched his hat as he pocketed half-a-sovereigu, aud muttered, as he turned upon his heel : 44 And a good job, too. The way he handled that 'ere gun made me think that ho'd been practising at bottles instead of pheasants." Stanley Gilderson took Jack Stanfield's arm in the most frieudly mauner imaginable, and as he began to talk, Jack's eyes grow rounder and rounder. 44 You'll doit for me, my good fellow, won't you?" Gilderson eaid. 44 You thee, if it came addrothed to me it would exthitc fbutii- picion." 44 Very well, but" — 44 The fact ith/'StanleyGddflrsonintoiposed, 44 1 am madly in love with Dinorah Thlo wbob. I My dear fellah, I'm steeped in love opto toy fioger-endtb, but I don't thee my way dear'to propothe uuth"— — m 44S«ivno raore,'Jack interrupted, "I wUI Write soon alter luncbccm." On Ihe morning of Christmas Ere a bulky parcel arrived for Jack Stanfleld, aud as soon as it had been oonveyed to bis room ho com menced to dance round it as if he had suddenly takeuloavc of his souses. # v < t Tt was the witching hour of night, when, churchyards, according to the immortal bard, yawn and graves give up their dead. Midnight I Let a mau be where he may, there is something mysterious aud uncanny in the air after the clock has ceased striking twelve, until cbauti- cleer, the herald of the mora, proclaims the coming clay. Bold is the man who would prowl obout the cloisters of the cathedral or meditate in an old Norman church when the earth is so still thut silence seems to havo a voice of itB own — ghostly murmuringsof departed Bounds of busy day. It also requires some nerve to sleep in a house reputed to be haunted, nud especially in one where the owner, liko Mr. Timothy iflowbob, boasts having a pet f«unily ghos . Just as the Lands of tne«lnck were pointing to the hour of twelve, and the hammer trembled and throbbed in its action to strike the gong, there appeared in the picture gallery the tall aud spectral figure r«f a Cavalier. The costurao of tho gbo6t was perfect iu every particular, eveu to the long gleaming rapkr which his gboetship hid drawn and clutched in dead white hand. Ghastly and luminous was the figure's face, and noiselessly moved the Slowbob family ghost over the polished floor, bright ana shiniue in the light of the full moon. Oh, it was a blood-curdling and hideous eight ! At both entrances to tbe haunted picture \ gallery rail n passage, with spacious bed chambers on each side. Now, the spectre in entering uj.cn its midnight stroll must have passed .Stanley Gilderson's sleeping apartment ; if it held its course, it would come upon the room occupied by Captain Herbert Rennon. ( >n stalked the Bpirit of the restless Cavalier. Suddenly it stopped and performed a veryun- ghostlike skip, for at the opposite end of the gallery stood a rival spectre! Ghosts are very jealous. They do not care for company, but revel in solitude, aud it is no wonder, tbeD, that this particular ghoet should be much put out at finding that it Lad n rival iu a select line of horrifying harmless people into fits. Ghost Number One lowered the point of its sword, and craned its neck a&if; half convinced that there must be a tall mirror at the end of the gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to ba in trouble with its plumed hat, and came straight on. 44 AU-h-h ! Oh'." gurgled Ghost Number One. 44 Yah-h-h ! Oh !" shrieked Ghost Number Torn Then both howled in chorus, until thc house resounded from end to end with the hideous sounds, and having startled everybody from their beds, fell flat and lay still. 44 Ljird bless us, what is the matter?" roared Mr. Slowbob, teariag out of his bedroom. 44 Tim— Jack; there's either a pack of wild cats or the very deuce in the house!" He was armed with a club, a relic of the past, M»ch o one as the ungrateful savage might have takfti Captain Cook's life with. 44 Don't he alarmed," said -Tack Stanfleld. 44 The Slowbob family ghost hsB laid itself — or, rather, two of tbem. Come aud see !" When the seivauts came rushing upon the scene with limps and candles, and armed with weapons, from a bluudcrfcuss down to a toast ing -fork, the ghosts were found iu tbe picture gallery. There, in tbe moonlight, cold, white, and motionless, they lay. Poor things, they bad fainted. 45 "What the dickens is the meaning ot tills ?" bellowed Slowbob, seoior. 44 Why, here's Mr. Gilderson and Captain Rennon tricked out like maequeradero." 4 'They had better betaken to their rooma," Jack Stanfleld said, 44 nad at a more suitable time I will explain all." 44 Explain all?" gasped the old gentleman. 14 It will take some time to explain why my house Bhould be turned iuto a galanty show. By this time the 44 ghosts" were 6lowly re covering, and tbey were borne away in oppo site directions, as limp as rags. Then Jack Stanfleld gave vent to his feelings. He laughed till he eried, and cried till beTsughed. He hung on to anything and everybody ha could catch hold or, and looked so apoplectic that Tim Slowbob thumped him on the bade like a drum and brought him round. "It's thefnnniest thing you ever beard of, "he said, with tears of mirth still streaming from his ejes. 44 Captain Bennon asked me to get him a Cavalier's drees to play toe ghost with. His idea was to pay Gilderson is visit, and frighten him out of the house. And— ha, ha$ ' ha,, oh, ay eides — Gilderaon concaved toe same id<»a, and I ihadthe costumes sent down from London. They both rubbed their hands 'Sod xa8 with phosphorus, and— oh, brave ghosts of the Klowbob family !— they met. I think— ha, h% ha!— they jwould . have. been jdogndere but the floor was just / \- Neither Captaih Herbert "Rennon nor Stanley \ Gilderson seemed io care much for -toe Christ- \- mas sports, and although no word was uttered - by their kindly -host or any 'member of his family of the nocturnal revels, both had made . up their minds to leave Cypress Grange as soon as they could within tho bounds of politeness. They deported next day. travailing is separate . carriages, and each in his heart bade a long and lasting farewell to Dinorah. Early in the ensuing spring the gallant cap- . tain saw a notice in the limes to the effect that Diuorah Slowbob had changed her same to Stanfleld. 44 Confound it!" said the captain, tearing toe paper in two. 44Sbe would have been my wife now if it bad not been for that lying atwy about the Slowbob family ghost." Ai>3. stra&relv; enoush. Stuflev Gflderacn was of the same opinion. — Weekly Budget. 