1.0TB BETTER THAN SACRIFICE. INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. , t- tOopyrtgM. by osoar park. CHAPTER XVI I. A NIGHT ATTACK. No ; Luigi Marconticonld not sleep 1 Hia nights ivvre like a hell to him. After that brief stay in . Rome he started he knew not whither. Only to .get away | His one greedy desire now was te pnt «paat between him and the dying. It conld not \- -hannt 4iim -so then. He conld sleep then. Bat the hope was vain. Sometimes natnre grew so .exhausted, that feverish oblivion, like the semi- . eonsciouEneas of a eick man, would come to him ifor a moment, hilt the fantastic shapes so crowded on' his brain, that he would -wake with a start of horror, the : eold sweat starting from every pore. Then he would toss and moan, and gnaw at >- -,tb« sheets that covered him, so great was the tension of his nerves. He wondered if he was qgoing mad. He would pnt a restraint upon himself, and close his eyes tightly, rigidly, and say, "I mill sleep." But Mb eyeballs stared through the-very lids, -and the lids seemed to getsoorching _ -hot with the fierce fire beneath them, until he had open them or shriek out with the agony. No, .he, could not sleep ; And the further away he . went, the more awful grew his torment. Hisover- . mastering- hate had so long fed upon the revenge . Ms soul had been plotting, that now no other -. thought was possible to him— no other vision \-- drossed his mind. Between him and every object towards which his eyes turned came the picture of the dying man. Above all sounds'ef life about him came to hisears the last cry from that black pit. He had sacked so greedily at Hie .sweetness of. the vengeance he would ex act, . that now, when it was done, only the bitter palp remained, but he conld not rid himself \- of it. Nothing shews the develishness of this man's heart bo much as this, — his worst torment vsuie irom nis disappointment, vine loresnouowea revenge had been bo sweet, he had expected the fruition to be nectar. Ahd lie oonld not 6leep I That startling question he had asked himself at Sorrento was answered. He couldnot sleep. .He should not sleep, he knew now, until he assured himself that the man was dead and the agony passed. He had not been able to Bleep there under the shadow of the grave, and lie conld not sleep here in Venice, hundreds of miles > away. He must go back, He most know or he should die or. go mnd He shaved his beard away, and bought a disguise, a priest's robes and hat. He started again. -He rode day and night with only one clear thought burning in his brain. Men looked at him, and said, "He is killing himself with fasting and temble penances — an unusual eight in these days. ' ' And on he harried, never communicating with others bnt when forced to, only thinking — think ing- _ He heard nothing, he saw nothing,! he felt nothing bnt that which speeded him onoe more to the goal on whioh his mind was fixed, hat ah I with what unlike emotions to those which urged him on before 1 Now he only wanted to live and keep sane — to know, so he oonld sleepagain 1 Heretraoed his coarse from Capri step by step and once more landed at the island from a row- ir.at he had taken from Sorrento. He heard the : oatmen as they went along talking of the mnn who had been found in the cave on Timherio, as i he islanders call the peak; and of his death since he was taken ont, but the words came to him as t hough he heard them in a dream. They brought no distinct sense to his mind, and he was only t. -on scions of a quick sob as though the awful strain had felteome thrill of relief, Bnt his purpose was so fixed now that he had not the power jof will to alter it. The whole -brain saemed paralysed, save only that on ceaseless craving— ho must see «— he : the men, and walked quickly away, bathe avoided ? men — he avoidedall. places where he was likely 1 to meet men, and his priest's garb protected , him from the importunities of those who/ -t did chance npon him. The climb up the height By the unfrequented path he chose was | steep and toilsome and he was weak and j" worn bnt. It was a great effort for him, but I be kept' on slowly, phasing to" rest at times and1; j; ever. saying — over and over to himself, as though ; togive himself courage and strength — " I shall v : (deep to-night 1 I shall Bleep to-night I " " Again at times that strange sob would rise - \- from his breast and almost choke him,- and his breath wonld come with a qnick gasp. And as he \- n eared -the summit, trembling from head to foot, faint, dizzy, he had to say it alond to faring the i sense of it home to his heart, so that he might not ' , falter yet— "I shall sleep to-night 1 Oh, I shall i sleep to-hight!" / He came ont from among the olive' trees on to ; the bare rock. The last rays of sunlight had : uone — it had taken him so long to make the r- .i sent. Bnt the moon was shining with a full and r . . i i 1 /iant light and he could see every step before 1 i n. He went on towards the rums, their gaunt, p ray walls standing in the white moonlight like 0 ghosts of the revellers of old who had walked Poioong them so'-inany hundred years ago, the ii streaming vines waving in the wind Like fluttering robes. His heart : felt a strange chill as he -stepped slowly, down, - shaking as With an ague f Irt, into the passage which led to the- gate. / IP- staggered along it -like a drunken .man,- and <\- i-o into the room and up to - the little gate. / T ben for the first time he remembered that he had j cut the ropes. Hoyv was he to ' get down 7 ! He t slopped a foot away from the gate,- paralysed by | this remembrance and this question, and stood j there trying to-tfcink — trying to -plan — trying -to J hiing hia mind tobearon the problem intelligently. 1 Oh, if he conld only get warm, he thought, and ' s'op this lawful trembling, then he conld think. He wvst think 1 He must get there ! He must ! He must ! Then he oonld sleep to-night. And he must :s5eep to-night ! Another night like the others : would drive him mad 1 Yes, yeB I He must see ihim I He must get there ! A step Bounded on the mosaic pavement of the passage behind him through whioh he had jcome. Who could be there at that time of night? It frightened him. He turned around to .face the narrow entrance oT the room in which he stood. Tho moonlight poured its white radiance /own Detween tne roofless walls and fell in a / right flood through tho doorway. As Marconti'e haggard eyes rested on the spot, the footsteps sud- rtenly ceased and the face and form of Christopher Dormsen filled the entrance ! The eves were bent on Marconti, He staggered back a step. The gate, whoso fastenings had been broken, swung -out iiihder his weight and with -one awful shriek he Tell to"thie iocky shores below. The man, who tothe terrified and almost crazed bi'ain of Marconti bore the face and form of Cbrifctbpher Dormsen, after a moment's .stunned j;' i use, rushed up to the opening through which the h ody had tumbled and peered down that giddy full The moonlight shone on a whirling confusion of legs and arms for an instant, and then there x aine up to the ear of the watching and horrified man a sound like a muffled thud— but not another c-y.That one Bhrick of terior and death was the first ii.nd last eonnd that eVer came from the throat of \hb murderer after that other fall— the fall which Fefimed like the shadowy forecast of his frightful end. The watching man drew back and looked about him as though dazed with the horror of the tragedy lie had witnessed. He went back and up into 1 he open space above, and then after a moment's :<Bitation walked swiftly down (he path to irlre village. There he told what he had seen and eoon the alarm spread that a priest had fallen from i he summit of Timherio into the sea. A boat w:s manned, and-pulled around to the point where the body innBt be lying. It was found and brought ;-aok to the marina and laid out on the beach, i he man who had seen the accident was there, ioo innoh disturbed and troubled by the dreadful i rent to go to sleep. The bright moonlight was shining on the body, and flaring torches were held .loft by some of those who pressed silently around t:>e dead. These rndeand simple-minded islanders uncovered before the eyes of Hie man of God, who Uy dead before them. He had fallen with his head in the water, and though the legs and most of the ody were frightfully mangled and broken, the la'ce was without a ecar. But such a face 1 The < veastaring with an awful terror — the month open -,h tliough that shriek of agony was still beating ( he throbbing air, and a thin stream of' blood waselbwly.flowing from one -corner. The man who - saw - Mm fall -drew near. The crowd standing solemnly - with uncovered heads. I wrtecl Tortus approach. He turned bis eyc-s upon 'he dead. He started, pnd a /greatehuddershook him. His handeolenched.YbutbiEr eyes closed to shnt oqt the --sight, as. be sai<l with trembling voice — ','My Itis 'Marconti i He -killed my brother ! _ Theystaredjiblm a inouir-nt in bewilderment. They put on their hats again and polled Ahemdown with an emphatic gesture as though- they meant they should stay there. "Hey stripped the priest' gown and vestments from the - body of the dead, and when he lay disrobed one of them kicked him. But the man who had brought this contempt on the uead had goner away - and no One followed him, but all sorrowed for him. CHAPTER XVTTT the boltjtioh, nt reach Naples, as he had ex pected to do, on the morning after he had an nounced to his wife his snddenly-lormed intention of making a second visit to that city. On leaving the two ladies he, had fonnd a large foreign mail tor him, jnst sent to him for his bankers, and some of it required immediate attention. It was v a.?11 1 eveniner of the second day following that he reached the Grand Hotel — too late to do any thing b ut go to bed. In the morning, after breakfasting, he started out to see the American consul. His course lay through the beautiful gardens of the Villa Nazionale,the pleasure grounds ? lying along the curving bay. He could tordly explain to himself why he Bhould be here. His coming seemed to him now almost an un accountable impulse. There Was nothing to justify it but a girl's fancy. But then that fanoy had been so strong, and held with such tenacity, that he really wavered in his own conviction as to her illnsipn. He felt as though he must satisfy himself again, and there was but one way. That was through the Swedish oonsnl at NapleB, to whom the affair had been entrusted. But now that he was away from the glamour of Clara Mowbray's per sistence in her own faithj he was saying to himself that his visit could have but one result— a certifi cate of some kind from the consul as to the un doubted fact of Mr. Dormsen 'a death, That might help to produce conviction in her mind. He was walking briskly along after his hahit, whether bent on pleasure or bnsineaa, and had reached that loveliest spot of the embowered gardens where stands the little temple to VirgiL His eyes were bent on the. ground. The Virgilian temple wonld have had no attractions for him in hia least preoccupied moods. Now it- was as nothing to him. The gardens are usually deserted in the forenoons, bnt he heard a footstep before, him, and lifted his head, . Christopher Dormsen or Christopher Dormsen's. ghost was not- ten .paoes away and walking rapidly- towards -him, an ex pression of surprised bnt earnest, greeting on his face. Mr. Burdick stopped, paralysed, and received Dormsen with no expression bnt one of unbounded amazement. He held out h'« baud, meohanioally to the young man's grasp, and was conscious of a sensation of relief, when' he felt a strong pres sure from a real hand of bone. and. musole, Dorm sen spoke first. "It is so great a pleasure to see yon 1 " " How— horv did you— oome back 1 " murmured Mr. Burdick. It was fitapifying. " I came back the day before yesterday. I came at once as soon as I knew," his .voioB falling- as he said the last sentence. " Yes — 1 dare say. I would— if I had been in your place— and could. But how did yon do it 7" " They telegraphed me from Norway from : Christiana. They did not know where I was at first and they made the same mistake in my name." "Ohf They— didn't know where yon where! I think I could have told them." 1 " Oh, no, Mr. Bnrdiok, I was at fault. I did not write to yon, as I promised. Bnt it was a hard straggle for me to try and forget her, and I waited. So you could notknow where I was." " Well— perhaps not, but! oonld have made a good guess. I shouldn't have thought of sending yon a telegram thongh. I— I did't know there . was a line." i " And 1 have heard of all your kindness, lr.Bur- j dick, and of all the pains Mr. Thorndon took, and j I thank yon both — I thank yon both 1 " I " Oh, you heard of all that, did yon ! Did yon hear it where you were, or since — since you came j back? " j ' Since I came back, of oonrse. I heard it here." j pltULM, From my consul." I Let's go and seetim. I (He had kept hold of Dormsen's hand during their j dialogue and kept squeezing it, as though to assure j himself continuously that it was genuine. Now he dropped it and took the other's arm and turned him ronnd. He kept hold of the arm as they walked along, bnt the dazed look did not leave his face. " I regretted," said Dormsen, " that I conld not stop in Rome on my way through to see yon and thank you, but I intended to go there from (here." "Oh, yon cams back through Rome, did you 7 — and did yon—did yon go through Rome, too 7" "Certainly! Yon must, if yon go all the way by rail." Mr. Burdick glanced at him sideways as they walked on, and presently he said, with a profound, sigh, " Well, I anrlearning something any way." " Bnt why did yon oome to Naples so soon, Mr. Burdick ? " " Why, I came — to see you. - Dormsen looked surprised. " How did yon know I was v" Well, I left yon here, and I"""" ivsry reason to BuppoBe yon wonld stay — for a wnile." "You left me here,. Mr. Bnrdiok! That is strange I did not meet yon here." " N-n-no, not exactly. I suppose it would be more correct to Bay that I met yon, but not, perhaps, that yon met me." "You speak in riddles, Mr. Burdick." " Well I I'll be hanged if I am any more of a riddle than you are, Dormen ! Look here I " He stopped short as he spoke and faoed the young man, gazing into his eyes, and, while not letting go of his arm, gently felt along it until be- reached t he hand, whioh he prasped convulsively. " Look here, Dormsen I 1 can't wait till we get to the coDBnl's, I left yon in yonr coffin here in Naples last Monday. Jnst tell me, won't you, right 'off and plainly, how yon got out 7 " Dormsen returned the gaze in eilenoea moment, and the look of astonishment gradually faded away, leaving only the signs of his sorrow. " Ah no, Mr. Burdick! I think I begin to understand. You thought I was dead, killed by that wretch. But no. it was my brother." " Your brother ! " " Yes, my brother Tyndal, He died for me. Maraonti, too, thought he was I, and he killed him, the best brother 1 —the dearest brother 1 Ah God ! ' ' Mr. Burdick dropped the hand he had been press ing, but he keDt his eyes still on the other's face. " Why didn't you tell us you had a brother 7 he asked finally. " Did I not 7 I surely did. We had been in Rome tog/ l.V.er before you all came, but he left me. He had - en ail he wished to see iu Rome and came ) : - n/d he went to Sicily and then came -back he; re loved the beauty here " — and then in a : low r v ice — "and hia great love for it brought hie. ieath." ' he like you 7 Did he resemble you 7" " Y it was wonderful, everyone said." ' i ti'.ould say it was wonderful !" was Mir. Bur- dic'Ys comment, " I never saw anything equal to it." " And yon thought it was I, the whole time 1 Ah 1 bnt my brother was worthy of your care, worthier than I. I can never forget that yon did not let Mm die in that place — that his eyes saw the sunlight once more. He loved the sunlight. He loved all brightness und b?auty. Ob, it Bhould have been I. It was meant for me." Thank God, it was not ! was Mr. Burdick's ejaculation in his own breast, but he answered, " We should have done the same, Thorndon and I, even if we had known.- I am glad we could do anything for the poor fellow, but I am very glad it waa not you. I can hardly believe it yet, though. It's the moat extraordinary thing I ever heard of. By the way, let me look at your left hand, will you Doimsen 7 " Dormsen held it out. Every joint was intact. " It may seem strange to yon," said Mr. Burdiok, " but this is the first moment I conld say I am convinced thatybu are not a dead man." " You mean, do you not, that my brother had lost a finger 7 Yes, it was crushed in climbing 'many years ago, when we were boys." " Let us go back to the gardens," Baid Mr. Bur dick, " I don't want to see the consul now ; " and as they turned and walked on he added, "Give me a woman hereafter for keen sight and fidelity. Clara Mowbray would not believe you were dead. She declared she had seen you in Rome. Did you stop in Rome?" " Only for a short time to Bee the minister from Sweden. And— and Miss Mowbray. She is well 7" " Yes, poor girl — getting well. But she has had a hard pull of it." ' Miss Mowbray, Mr. Bnrdiok 1 Has she been B'.ck 7 " "Sick! She nearly died. Roman fever — brought \- on by anxiety about you." "Oh, no, Mr. Burdick. You do her wrong." " Not a hit of it. I know just what I am talking about. What.a triumph this will be for her. But Mrs. Burdickl' She IT never forgive me. 1 have niado her pat her. foot iu it badly." He chnckled aliuie to l)iai3elf at the thought of the «urpnj «Q3. the dor«ful-rttlHiti9nt ca U4 astuteness witi which she would taKe ont n revenge upon him. "However," he went on, "yi don't understand all this at present, but yon wi some day. It is a long Btory. Yes, Clara Mowhra had been a good deal troubled by her enforced e gagement to' Thorndon. Yon didn't undcrst a that either Dormsen, but she was virtually made do dt by her father, hard-hearted old mise But I've got :good big pill for him swallow yet She didn't care for Thornd in that -way, thongh Thorndon was u go fellow, Dormsen, at' -heart. He camo ont stro at— at Capri. But she didn't care for him. Th never could have hit-it off together — not made be mated, yon know, and its broken off altogether " Broken off, Mr. Burdiok ! You mean they not to be married? " "Oh, bless yon, no I He has gone away won't .come back— now, Jim sure." "And Mies Mowbray. About her sickness ? " "Oh, yes. Well, as I was saying that engage ment nearly brokeher heart. But- wheneiie heard thatMarconti— by .the way, have -they hoard anv- thing of that double-dyed villain yet 7 " ".Yes, he _faaa suffered for his crime. He ia dead." "Marconti I Are you sore 7" _ " Very sure. I saw him. It is another dreadful story. It was yesterday—" " Yesterday 1 And yon say he has already suffered for his crime. In one day I Oh, give him time, Dormsen, give him time. He-is only feeling the thinnest edge of an infinitely long wedge of suffering. Give him time 1" " It was last evening," oontinned Dormsen. "He had gone back to Capri to see his victim in death, perhaps to gloat over his sufferings. We do not know. We can never know now. He was diBgnised in a priest's dress. I, too, went to Capri to spend a few hours — to be near to the spot where my - brother died — to thank all thoBe who were so kind. In the evening,- for it was moonlight, I walked once more up- to the height over the place where he was left to die, and I went as far as I conld tmthe way he went when Marconti took Mm to his death, and when I came to the little gate — yon know it? — Yes 7 — a man, a prieBt I thought him then, was standing near it. He turned when I camo near. He saw my faoe in the moonlight. I can imagine what he thonght. He staggered against the gate. The lock was broken, and he fnll fhrnnorh and down— down 1 It Was frightful !" "Peter Bnrdiok," said that gentleman, apostro phising himself—" Peter Bnrdiok, if yon had j :ver done anything in your life but break the lock on that gate, you oaght to be satisfied 1" ".Then it was your hand Mr. Bnrdiok, that avenged my brother's death 7" " No," was the answer, with nnnsnal solemnity, for-Mm. "It was the hand of God. Nothing else conld have led him back to that spot. He died by the very- Jaw of nature he had outraged. It was better than to have to use the rope of hia ladder ; more of whattbey call ' poetic justice ' in it." He added after a panBS— " And that's the end ol MaroontL" NotMng was said for a few moments as they walked on among the feathery palms and almost tropical luxuriance of the gardens. Each liad his own absorbing thoughts, but they tended to tha same end, and j when Burdick spoke, he answered he question on the other's lips. " Bnt Miss Clara, — I was forgetting. She read that. scoundrel better than most of us — better than I did perhaps. She felt instinctively there was danger for yon where he was. He learned from her that you had oome here, and had the impudence to tell her that he was coming to fiud you, and make peace with yon. Her anxiety, coming on all the rest, was too much for her. She gave way at once, and the next morning she was down, and far down, too, I can toll yon. But she pulled through, and is all right again. Two days ago she went out for her first drive, and vowed she sawyou pats through the Piazza di Spagna, Did you 7" " Yes, but I did not Bee her.'' ' No, but it was quite enough for her that she saw you. A girl who loves a man as she loves you Dormsen, ought to make him happy ." " Ah 1 If I dared to believe it !" "Just take it on faith. Take my word for it just now, since yon have nothing batter. It's _EQod-natnred in you- nortrtir-roy -that it's none of xnyoMUMBsi about- everyone else has. But I don't care. 1 don't care. I got into the muddle and I'm going to see it through. Then I'll go back to America. Europe don't suit me. Xt'a too old-faBhioned." " I like your fasMon, Mr. Burdiok." "Oh, do you 7 Well, I'll return the comrapliment. If they were all like you, I'd think better of it. Understand 1 I don't Bay the United StateB are an unalloyed Paradise by any means. There are just as many snakes in that garden as there are here, only they're not so cold-blooded ; they make it livelier for you. Now there's Mowbray. He'd have made just as mnch by not deceiving me. I wish I liadn fc got Ms daughter to look after, and I'd lead him a fine dance. I've kept Mm in hot water for some time, but I've got to let up on him soon. He's got to beg hard, though, and I'll dictate my terms. That il be some satisfaction." " I do not quite understand all tMs.Mr.Burdick." " No, I know yon don't. I beg your pardon, but I wbb talking to myself. Now, when are you going to Rome 7" " I did expect to go to-morrow to see you and Mr. Thorndon. From there I go at -once to Norway. I have mnch to do." " Exactly ! Couldn't you do it all just as well if you should see Miss Clara in Rome instead of Thorndon 7 He's gone, you know." " I will see Miss Mowbray," " Of oonrse you will. I knew you would. And I'll wait and go baek with you. I want to Bee Mis. Buidick, when I bring you in. I know whul Clara will do, but I can't calculate on iirs, burdiok." Copyright, LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE. AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, By OSOAR PARK. CHAPTER XIX. AN AHMED TBUCE. Meanwhile the hot water, in whioh Mr. Mowbray was stewing, was getting hotter. His London banker was neither so far impressed by the proposed matrimonial alliance, nor by the value of the securities he held in his hand as to close his eyes to the very seriouB personal risk he wsb running in buoying up any longer what looked to him like a failing'scheme. Mr.Mowbray received an answer to the letter we have seen him diBpatch, whioh m&de; him shiver with apprehension, and caused one of his articles of belief — the nugget afore said— to shrink visibly before his eyes to a com pass, which for once in his life left half his horizon line strangely clear. He oonld not help feeling that some influences had been at work which he could not see, and whose weight he could not measure save by its effect. And, when his reflections took this course, he thonght at onoe of Mr. Burdick and that gentleman's ominous threats in London. Must he go to him again 7 was the question that forced itself upon Ms considera tion. And, if he did, could he under all the cir- cnmstances expect any mercy from him? These were painful reflections for John Wcoleey Mowbray, and ashc contemplated his dilemmaand realised that he might be compelled to take that repugnant way out of it, his second and only remaining article of belief — the aforesaid idol — 1bo began to shrink and dwindle and his horizon became cleared all round. It wonld be well if we could leave him in that happy position and be able to think of him ever afterwards as enjoying a cnmnarat.ivp.lv nnintorrunted view of hum&nitv.; Unhappily, however, the unities of character and the truth of history forbid. An appeal to Mr. Bnrdick at this late day was so axtremely distastef nl to Mm, that he finally resolved return at once to London in spite of his ill- health, and the suffering he knew it must entail He was quite conscionB that Mr. Burdick might not regard his zeal during that gentleman's in quiries in London with unbounded gratitude, if the whole trnth were disclosed ; and though he did uot look upon his own reticence as anythiug more than the prudent reserve of a clever financier, never theless it would be a blow to Ms pride to be compelled to succumb. On the whole, therefore, he concluded to try London first. That matri monial alliance was a card to be used shrewdly, but it must have an effect. Sucli were his conclusions, when he received the information that the engagement between his daughter and Thornden was dissolved by mutual consent. One is always tempted to shock the sen sibilities of verbose pomposity like his, and I make no other apology for Baying that his " fat was in the lire" at onoe. We did not trespass npon that other interview between father and daughter, which resulted in the engagement being made ; and we will observe the same proprieties as to tMs inter view, which followed its annulling. We are not bound to close our eyes to its effects, however, and Clara came from it with tearful eyes but a resolute compression of the lips. Her father had neither the relief of tears or the oomfort of a resolution. The nagget was going, the idol dwindling. There lay the human lives about him, open to plain view, but, alas ! he conld not see even so far. In all these years his sympathies and emotions had focnsEei upon these two objects, wMch lay so close to him, that his heart was hopelessly near-sighted. Again I say, he deserves our profound pity. With this blow to his hopes he felt he had nothing to urge in London which had notbeennrgedagainand again. But there came to him in Ms meditations a last hope. Mr. Burdick had helped him on.ee/ Might he not be peisuaded to help him again with the loan of a large amount of money without the -necessity of an explanation as to the pri o'se nature of tbedemund for it 7 He real'sed that if thiB re quest was refused it would be eved harder than it was now to make a clean breast of his true difficulty. But so imperative was Ms desire to pre serve some substance to the idol he had worshipped bo loDg — and which might be set np larger than ever, if he could overreach the American in this affair — that he deoided to make the effort to eeoure the loan. He did not suppose it was possible that jMr. Burdick conld have discovered the real owner pf that stock. He flattered himself he had thrown the keen speculator off the scent there beyond a doubt. And it would be moat mortifying to be (compelled now to disclose the fact. No, he would jfcry to borrow the money. It would add greatly to the iclat of his triumph if he could but succeed. As for Mb daughter Bbe was bitterly disappointing, jit was plainly the influence of Mrs. Burdick, " an aggressively meddlesome female." Bat Clara had refused to plcaseiim. She shi/uld learn that she need expeot no consideration from him. Her conduct was not only unfilial but heretical. She refused to bow not only her will bat her knee, and the latter was the more unpardonable sin of the two. 1 While he waa reaching this conclusion, however other scenes were being enacted in the Hotel du Quirinal whioh have some interest for us, as oonoluding the events of the few weeks, so momentous in the lives of at least three of thiB in ternational group. ! Critics declare that the novels of the day are but episodes. But, after all, the life of eaoh of as is bnt a series of more or less interesting episodes j — generally mnch less than more interesting— and the number of individuals is very limited whose lives offer us even one incident, the telling of which would touoh the sympathies of the world at large In these bustling times. When that is told, the (teller's task is done, if he be wise. The events narrated here occurred bo recently that the epi logue will have to be added many years in the future, if at all. Mr. Burdick did not prepare his wife for the surprise he had for her, and from the effect of which he anticipated much enjoyment. He brought Dormsen to tbeir sitting-room, when he knew his wife was there alone, and merely said, "An old acquaintance or yours, my dear. " O, Mr. Dormsen," she said, very quietly, as Bhe rose to greet him, " my husband has given ub such a. fright about you ! It is a great pleasure to see you again in Rome." " Thank you, Mrs. Bnrdick. Yes, your husband was in error." " I think he carried it too far, thongh, ' ' continued the lady. "He really made me believe it just at flrst, but I suppose he did it on Clara's account." Mr. Burdick was a disappointed inau. He for- ;:ct he had been daring enough to predict what a woman would do under given cir cumstances. The only satisfaction she left to him lay iu the implied compliment that he had woven the whole story out of hia imagination ; snd as his only claim for himself hitherto had been a fair ability to deal with facts, this w as intimating a certain degree of success (since it ./ad imposed upon her) in a field new to his ener- t-;i s —the purely imaginative, namely. But this -.5 as feeble consolation. He had expected something of a scene. He was quite prepared to enjoy that i.nd he felt he was being defrauded of his legitimate lights by this undemonstrative acceptance of the -/ nation. He did not see for the moment how '.ny sensation could be got out of this resurrection her than what he had supplied, when he met !- <rmeen at Naples. Clara, he reflected, never i living believed that Dormsen was dead, would meet oim as Bhe would under any other circumstancss. He wished now that Thorndon was about. Ha '.,/nted to see someone ub startled as he himself «d been. These reflections passed through his mind like a fl&sh;, while the above brief greeting was iu pro- . ; ess. As Mrs. Burdick finished speaking there Was | i knock at the door. It opened in response to her- | r.i i mmons and Clara Mowbray entered. Her firBt I V'nce fell on Christopher DormEen.and in another ostant she turned deadly pale and was falling as : >ormsen caught her in his armp, and bore her to a I / -uige. Again Mr. Buidick had signally failed to ' v edict what a woman would do under given cir- i -\'r. stance. It was proVaMy owing to the shock j this time given to his self-confidence that he was afterwards heard to declare that he would never i iiuve anything to do with any scheme in which a i i 'cman was concerned. 1 Clara Mowbray's emotion was easily acoounted i For by the suddfii surprise coming upon her when «he wnu far from having regained bar normal strength. The FhockJoOjWas.ot a little augmented uv the stress of tho la.it few dayB, while her ooa viction that Dormsen was living, and that she had «en him only grew with her persistence , never- Jieless no girl of acute feeling could be called Ipou to maintain that coirt motion as to the men she loved against strenuous opposition and not find the trial a very exhausting one. The mere ' fact that any one believed him' dead was j in itself a torture, ned everyone Beemed to believe : it. Even Mr. Burdick, shr could notconoesl from i herself, really had believta it and had gone to satisfy himself when he went again to Naples. That he would some day know the fact as she knew it she did not doubt, but that he would return so promptly to confirm her she ' could not anticipate ; least o£ aU had she thought 1 of Mb bringing with him the living confirmation : in the person of Christopher Dormsen himself. The shock of that supreme joy was overwhelming, j The gentlemen left the room and the fainting girl to the care of Mrs. Bnrdick and the maid and went 1 out on the landing. They waited for assurance 1 that there was a speedy recovery, and then Mr. Bnrdick asked, " What do you propose todo at tMs moment, Dormsen 7 " " I wish to sea Mr. Mowbray as soon as I can. I cannot remain long in Rome. I will know my fate before I go." " Precisely 1 See him as soon as possible, and come to me in the smoking-room, please as soon as it is over." Dormsen sent his card to Mr. Mowbray, and was requested to go to that gentleman's room. The latter was very stately and had been very much surprised at the appearance of the young man's card. It would have surprised him to receive the visit at any time, but it was perplexing as well now, as he had understood the youth had met with I a fatal aecident. H ) intimated his information to I that effect when he greeted Dormsen. j " It was a mistake, Mr. Mowbray. It was my brother, We were of the same age and resembled eaoh other closely." " Ah » And you were, I presume, with him at the time. " No ; I had been with him, but left Mm because — because I wished to be alone for awhile." " The death of bo young a man is a sad subject of contemplation," began Mr. Mowbray, seeing an opportunity for some general reflections on the tranBitoriness of human affairs. But there was in this line of thought a suggestive fitness to his own muddle, and he hesitated a moment. Then he aslted very irrelevantly it would have seemed to one who did not see the connection, " A—has Mr. Burdick returned, can you teU me 7 " " Yes ; we came back together." " Ah 1" It became desirable to end this interview at once. "I fear I must postpone, Mr. Dormsen, some remarks I was about to make. I trust I shall have the pleasure of seeiDgyon again." " I do not know," was the reply. " I return to Norway at once npon matters oonnected with my brother's death." Mr. Mowbray rose and held out Mb hand. " At some future day then, perhaps, Mr. Dormsen." " For a few moments now, Mr. Mowbray, if you please. What I wish to say may surprise you, but I must say it. I deeply love your daughter and I wish to marry her." Mr. Mowbray released the hand and Bat down again, and looked Dormsen in the faoe, with an expression of very indignant amazement on his own. " I know quite well," said the young man, " that this will seem at first to you not to be warranted, but you will remember I have known yonr danghter now for a long time. But you do not know me. It is right I should tell you. I do not like to speak of myself, but I must. My father was your equal in birth, Mr. Mowbray, and I — I have great wealth." Mr. Mowbray had recovered himself by this time. He got on his feet again, and Dormsen rose too, "Mr. Dormsen," replied Mr. Mowbray, "I ought, perhaps, to express some sense of the honour yon, no doubt, may conceive yon pay to me and to my daughter by this quite extraordinary proposition. My sentiments, however, being rather the reverse of those whioh could find expression in language of that nature, I am treating yon considerately, when I say simply— it is utterly impossible. I cannot permit yon to make such a proposition to my daughter." turn my affection, Mr. Mowbray, I " The elder gentleman indulged in a command ing wave of the hand, and interrupted him to say, " It cannot affect the question. I never change my mind." There seemed to be nothing to do but to yield for the .present to this rooky barrier, and Dormsen merely eaid, "If yon think 1 shall despair because of your opposition now, Mr. Mowbray, you donotknow me." Then he took His leave, and Mr. Mowbray was left to contemplate this audacity, which occupied him some little time. That any one should presume to select a husband for his daughter — that anyone should presume to select himself for that honour, was rather too ridiculous ; and if Clara had encouraged this young man from' any whim of her own, it was a good time to prove to her that the affront she had offered her father was not to go unnoted by him. From suoh reflections he came to consider her probable fate in life if his fortune should go, and the sum total of his personal asset3 fail to appear after his de cease in swelling figures as an item in the Lon don morning papers. This led to a renewal of the craving for an immediate interview with Mr. Burdick, and he got up to ring for a servant that a message might be sent to tfipt gentleman, when the very man he wished to sea entered his room. Those who knew Mr. Burdick well were aocus- tomed to assert that they could'always tell when he knew he held the winning cards in his hand, by his unruffled assurance ani a mild twinkle in his eye. He had waited eagerly for DormBen to oome to him, and that young msn had boon mnoh surprised bv the satisfaction Mr. Burdick seerre 1 to get out of his announcement of Ms onrt dismissal. " Now it's my turn to talk and yours to wait," he said to Dormsen, "and I like it better. Stay about here please till I see you again. I shan't be- very long. Yonr cake is not quite all dough, young man. We'll stir np the fire a little. I've done a good deal of cooking in my time." When Mr. Mowbray saw who hi3 visitor was, he did not say that he had just been on the point of sending for him. It was a great deal better that the interview should come about in this aocidental way, but he was extremely cordial— for him. "Ah, Mr. Burdick! This is an honour yon have not often paid me sinoe we have been in Rome together." "No, perhaps not — if you call it an honour. How have you enjoyed your winter here 7 " my neaitn nas not Deen wnat i couia nave desired it to be, and ill-health, interferes materially with one's enjoyment of any locality." " Exactly. If you're not well, you can't be happy in mind as well as body, I may say.' ' "What a just reflection, Mr. Burdick 1 And unfortunately that is my affliction at present, My mind is sadly distressed, and that acts injuriously upon my bodily ailments." " Oh, don't worry about Clara. She's happy enough. She didn't want to marry Thorndon any more than I did." Mr. Mowbray stiffened forthwith.' Mr. Burdick, I must remind you that the matter to which you refer is peculiarly a private one and very painful to me." " Well — do you know — I am very glad to hear you say so. Any father ought to be pained when he finds out he has been trying to make his daughter marry a man she didn't like." " Mr. Burdick ! Sir 1 You are the only living person from whom I wonld tolerate such a pre sumption and such an interference." " I dare say," was the only answer vouchsafed by the visitor, who sat calmly looking into the orack- ling wood fire. Mr. Mowbray had to find an apology in this somewhere, but he reflected for some time before he felt himaelf enough restored to go on. Then he said, 11 1 referred, when I spoke of his distress of mind, to very serious but purely temporary finan cial difficulties, If I was in London I should pro bably be able to arrange it all satisfactorily, out I unhappily my enforced residencehere puts that out I of my power. The truth is I need a very large sum of money to meet bills maturing tha first of nnxt month. May 1 say that, remembering your former great kindness to me, I have hopBd i might be able to arrange through you for a temporary loan, j I need it to carry on an enterprise in which I am engaged and out of which I shall make a very large profit. In fact, I expect to about double my for- j tune. But the amount is very, very large," he added, with a shiver at his own temerity. Mr. Burdick looked at him, and if Mr. Mowbray had known the gentleman before him as well as \ the more intimate friends off the American claimed to do, he would have been apprehensive, the twinkle ' was so very marked. " Well, we'll see abont ft," was the reply. " The first, you say. We shall have to use the cable. What's the amount you need 7" " About a million in your money. " Two hundred thousand sterling." " Mr. Burdick, you are lifting a, great weight off my mind." " Then lift another great one off the mind at a friend of mipe " Of whom do you speak 7" Christopher Dormsen. He wants to marry yotu uauiliter." " But he cannot marry my daughter." " Oh, yes, he can." " I have already said, and I say again — he shall not. I have my reasons. " " And I say he shall, if yonr danghter will have him. I have my reasons, too." ' Mr. Bnrdick 1 Do yon kaow to whom yon are Bpeaking?" " Pree-cisely I To the owner of twenty-three thousand shares of the Mimosa Valley Railroad Stock I" Some emotions are too profound to be expressed on paper by anything but a series of exclamation marks. The interview had been very brief, bnt Mr. Mowbray had passed through a variety of un accustomed sensations and all of them of startling force. It might have been for this reason that he indulged another fresh sentiment, for he struggled to say finally," Can I credit my senses in shpposing that you purpose making the disposal of my daughter's hand a consideration to enter into a 1 purely business matter 7" j " Don't yon think it's a little late for you to think | of that, Mr. Mowbray ? " j There was another painfully long pause, and at j last the surrender came, " I am at your meroy, Mr, j Bnrdick." j " Precisely, as I said before. Now I am the last man in the world to make yonr daughter the subject of bargain and Bale. I'll not discuss the question whether you would or not, bnt I wouldn't. There is one way of looking at what I am about to say, however, which squints painf ally near that view, but it depends upon you whether it's to have that aspect or not. At the worst, though,I should j UBtify myself bythinking that you've got to offer a man what he fhinkBmostof even to make Heaven seem desirable to him. Now, I will not lend you that money or any part of it, I know a responsible party, however, who'll be willing under certain circumstances, whioh I'll not mention,ito make you , a written offer at thiB hour to-morrow to take that Btock off yonr hands for just what I offered for it i in London. Yon paid between seventy and eighty a i share for it.Yon wanted to get a hundred and fifty, i The offer, if mada, will be to give a hundred dollars a a Via fa inof nn t Ani Ann nrnm mnril KoiEnfir Ct DUQLCj jUOU /aii AXUU UUU If VXU V IIVIVUM your danghter nor Mr. Dormsen have any inkling of tMs matter, and they are not to have under asy circumstances. Yon are to enjoy the unalloyed effusions of their gratitude. Good evening." " One moment, Mr. Buidick. Will you kindly see Mr. Dormsen and say to him for me that — — "Not a bit of it! Send for him now and be gracious to Mm. You know how to be — no one better. Send for him tMs evening. Yon needn't have any fears about his family and money, though that consideration hasn't seemed to occur to you, owing to yonr other distractions probably. But I've inquired. I made it my business to inqnire about him some time ago. He's all right. You'll be proadof your Bon-in-law. Send for him to-night and oome down handsomely. He's in trouble enough lately, and so has Clara. Make them happy. You've no idea how good you'll feeL But at the same time don't forget that it's dangerously near the firBt. Good evening." He went ont and down the stairs, and sat him self down where he conld see Dormsen without being Been. He watched until he saw a servant go np to the young man and speak to him, who there- I npon left the room. Then Mr. Bnrdick went up ! to hia own apartments, j (7b bt continued.') A DiSArFOiXTFu politician says that the " Dead- Letter office at Washington is a perfect charnel lious« of corruption." "No, gentlemen of the jury," thundered a New Jersey lawyer, " this point is not for you, but for his honour to decide, who sits there sleeping so sweetly." "Ah!" exclaimed the judge, opening his eyes, " your narcotic speech would put anybody to sleep." Ax enthusiastic reporter, writing about the celebra tion of tho Bunker Hill Centennial, said: "The American forces had the best soldiers iu the world opposed to them, the veterans of Wellington's A westsrx editor says that the six plagues email town are — a lawyer with great knowledge, great sophistry, and no sense of justice ; an eminent phy- eician with little skill or manners ; a preacher with out any conscience ; a quarrelsome soldier; a poli tician without principles ; and a man of letters who eternally dogmatises. A Western man having lost his wife, a sympathis ing friend remarked upon his woebegone appearance. " Weil, I guess you would look thin, too," was the melancholy rejoinder, " if you had to get up before daylight, make the fires, draw water, split wood, and j feed the cattle before breakfast. I tell you whaL it is, 1 if 1 don't get somebody to fill poor, dear, sainted I Maria's place, I shall be resting by her side before i many weeks." j A fomfous lawyer, who supposed himself to be very ! sarcastic, said to the keeper of an apple stand : " It seems to me that you should quit this trying business j and go at something which is not so wearing on the I brain." " Oh, "tain't business," said the apple seller, j " it is lyin awake nights tryin' to decide whether to j leave my fortune to a orphan 'syluni or to a home for played-out old lawyers as is a-killin' me." Judge W , of the State of Maine, "was absently-minded putting on his overcoat to go out, when his wife said to him : " I want a spool of black Bilk, ' letter C.' Blease go down the street and get , it." With his mind busy with the law points involved in the last jury trial, he went, and innocently told the counterman that his wife wanted him to " let her see some black eilk. ' His amiable wife was quite startled when he came back with numerous samples of black-silk dress goods. "There," she said, " that is juEt like a man !" A guest was eating more butter than biscuit, while the landlady looked on and fidgetted and hinted until she fairly went into a nervous fit. Finally she said : " Do you know butter is up to 65 cents a pound ?" The hungry guest reached out and took what there was left. " Well," he drawled, approv ingly and reassuringly, " good butter is wuth it. Theological reflection : "Yes, sah,' said Brudder Jolmsing, " ef de decendants of de rooster what crowed at Peter was to make a noise ebery time a lie is told, der would be such a noise in de world dat yer couldn't heah de hens cackle. " My wife and I am one," explained the coloured gentleman ; adding, with a smile that was child-like and bland, " and 1 am de one." The fust thing a man thinks ov iz himself, the second thing he thinks ov iz himself agin, and the tniru tnmg ne tmnss ov iz unuseii once muic. — u Billings. Retired merchant, confidentially : " When I gave up business, I settled down and found I had a com fortable fortune. If I had settled up I should not have had half a cent.' " About how far is it, sir, to 'Square Bigman's ?" asked a gentleman of a dubious individual. " Let's eee. It's about three blocks and two Baloons from here. Not much of a walk if you don't stop often." A damsel who lived in Dubuque Was ambitious to marry a duque; But as none came to her, She accepted a pooher Young fellow whose name was Luque. The bride was led up the broad aisle, Got up in the most killing staisle ; When asked if she'd be A true wife t-o he, She promptly replied, " I should smaisle." Some men, says an American editor, are bom poor, others achieve poverty, and a legion more start news papers, and live on cordwood and promises. Sarcasm among military men is sometimes ex pressed so that it hurts. During the war, the Rebel John Morgan was in Kentucky, and he was particu larly down on a Federal regiment of Kentucky troops, the 32nd. They were stationed in Somerset in that State, and one day Morgan sent a flag of trace to the commanding officer as follows : Remove the women and children and the Thirty-Second Kentucky at once, as I am going to shell the town. The feelings of the officers and men of that Kentucky regiment can be imagined but not described. A piece of whalebone 50 inches long, 10 inches wide, and seven inches thick, has been dug up on the line of the Canadian Pacific Railroad. It is sup posed to have belonged to the corset of an antedi luvian belle. j A Milwaukee woman has kept a kettle of boiling j water on the stove every night for the past 22 years in order to scald burglars. | A handsome lady entered a dry goods store and in- I quired for a " bow." The polite clerk threw himself back and remarked that he was at her service. " Yes, | but I want a buff, not a green one," was the reply. I The young man went on measuring goods im- i mediately. It is said that a regal- looking lady in Philadelphia Epells " regal " backwards, and then drinks it. | A woman in St. Louis who started to ump in the I river and drown herself, suddenly remembered that I «he had left the cat in the pantry, and hurried back home- She afterwards said; '"The idea of my strugglin' in the water, and thinkm' that that cat was a lickm' the cream ofTn my milk in the nantrv. at that very minute, was more'n I could beat 