PROFESSIONAL" SINGING AT THE WELSH EISTEDDFOD. To the Editor of the Advertiser. Sir,—When. Daniel O’Connell undertook to dumbfound the redoubtable Mrs Moriarity he called her, among other choice names, a “ parallelogram,” ana Mr Rees, in your issue of the 25th ulb. tries to paralyse me by calling me a “moral rectitudinarian.” He has risen considerably above his own level this time, although he admits that to do so is a very rare oceurrenee. The Scripture history to which lie refers—viz, the deceiving of Isaac by Jacob—is not applicable in this case, as Isaac was blind and the people of Williamstown are not — unfortunately for him. Mr Rees professes to shed a little more light on the stato of affairs, thereby trying to shuffle out of the unpleasant situation in which he and his colleagues find themselves. Here is another ray which may serve to illuminato the darkness: At one of the last committee meetings 1 attended, the question was asked whether any person having bought a front seat ticket, and com pelled to take a (back seat owing to the crush, should the ticket seller refund the difference in the price of the two tickets. After some discussion it was proposed, seconded, and duly carried that any person asking for a return of the money should bo sent to the secretary, who was to direct him to the treasurer, then to the president, “and by that time,” said the mover, “they will be sick of hunting, and give up the job.” And like the unjust steward he was com mended for his wisdom. . Mr Rees deplores the fact that I should have attended their meetings for eighteen months after discover ing that I had “ fallen among thieves.” He knows well enough that I have not done so, as I am not fa member “of the com mibteee, having lost my seat thereon through absenting myself from the meetings. So your readers can judge of the truth of that statement. Next he says that I rushed up to the platform with a protest against Mr S. M. Davies' choir. The facts are that the three conductors drew lots for position, the result being that the United Choir had to sing first, the Cambrian second, and Cosmopolitan last. While the second-named choir was preparing to sing, Mr Davies and myself retired from the building, and drew up the protest, and after having signed it on behalf of our respective choirs returned to the hall. Then w'.en Mr Davies' choir came on the platform, it was pointed, out- to me that he also had professionals singing. He was therefore just as guilty as the others, and I immediately drew up a protest against his choir also, as I was perfectly justified in doing, and put it in my pocket. After my choir had finished singing I handed the pro test to the chairman, who was within three feet of the chair on which I was standing. This does not look like “ rushing up to the platform; ” but that statement is as true asithe rest of the letter. Mr Rees says that Mr Davies appeared on the scene with a well-prepared joint protest, and asked Mr John Roberts to sign it. Did it not strike this wise man that it could not be a joint protest without my having assisted to draw it up ? He also says I had not a ghost of a chance to beat the Melbourne Choir. I say let them meet us on equal, footing and we will soon settle that question. Mine was the only amateur choir that competed, so that the “cold region of the second prize” is not such a bad place after all. I had a gentleman assisting, for some time, before I became aware that a year before ho- was in receipt of payment for his services. As soon as I did know, however, I drew, his attention to the rule which was supposed to debar such singers' from competing, and con sequently lost his services. I have the satisfation of feeling that I acted houombly in tho matter, and that is some compensa tion. Mr Rees says the timber sheds episode is probably true. It was that gen tleman himselfwvho informed me both of the meeting and its postponement, he knows therefore, that is ju;te:trne. Next.comes his version of the meeting between the president and the vice-president, as dele gates of the committee, with Mr Davies and myself anent tho withdrawing of the pro test, in which he says that “Mr Roberts was sure he could get written evidence con cerning one of the offenders from the very gentleman who had paid him at Melbourne.” Herein he is decidedly mixed. The person ' whom one of my singers had paid was sing ing in Mr Davies’ choir, and the protest which I had entered against him was" re-. . turned to mo some days previous by the secretary (Mr Rees), who informed me that it was informal through being written with lead pencil, so that I would gain nothing by procuring such evidence as would disqualify thU man. The protest against Mr Davies was; informal, and never came before tho committee, therefore Mr Rees had no right to mention it, and, no doubt, would not have done so only he thought it would help to bolster up his decidedly weak case. I did not for one moment expect the committee to award me the prize on the strength of my statements to them. I only asked for a week’s extension of time that I might pro cure evidence in writing, but as this Would have upset their plans, they refused to con cede it. Let me suggest that the literary gem about the filthy lucre, and what is evidently meant for tho Almighty dollar being on the board in the not far distance, should be given as an original conundrum at the next Eisteddfod. Query: Where 13 the “not far distance”? The closing lines about the members “ having perfect confi dence m one another” is worthy only of such a mutual admiration society. I will draw your attention to another specimen of this gentleman’s reasoning. He says I did not bring a scrap of written evidence in support of the protest, and in tho next sen tence he says that Mr Roberts tendered a letter from someone in Melbourne—proving that the third party was never paid. What can Mr Rees be dreaming-about to thus con t radio t himself ? Let the reader judge. In conclusion, let me say that if Mr Bees can disprove anything in my letter, or prove any of tho assertions in Ijis own, we will forfeit the five pounds which we won. If he is not prepared to speak now let him for ever hold his tongue. Following the committee’s example, I will quote a litttle scripture. It 13 a very appropriate verse : “ Be sure your sms will find you out.”. —Your6, &c.;, JOHN ROBERTS, Conductor Cosmopolitan Choir. 