The Doctors Shook Their Heads. "I would givo a million dollars for a stoxnach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a denl of money, but he wns not hb'o to buy tho nrtiolo oven ut that pride. All'. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 Poplar 'Bow, Darley Abboy, uonr Derby,' is not so rioh ns many, being n gardoner,' but ho was ready onough to give nil he had for ono thing ho hadn't got. Hero -is his story, and he shall tell it in liis own way. Mrr, Gaskin. goes on to say : "Up to oight years ago. I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In Docember, 1882, whilst living at Deeston, near Notting ham, my appetite foil away, I had dreadful pains after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill wife water nnd slime, feo latter so thick nnd stlaky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used'to 'fill up' and mj throat would swell so I couldn't button ray Bbirt at the nook. I vomited a great, deal, ohiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I blea at tlio noso, and fee blood rushed out of my cars. I became exhausted und short of breath und had to call fee doctor, and was in bed five or bix woeks. "I then wont as . out-patient to tho Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very littlo hatter. I got so thin that I wns liko a . ghost walking nbout, and my friends said it -was all up with me. For 18 months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last fee doouira recommended mo to trj a ohango of air. So I came to Darley Abboy and my former master gavo me an indoor recommondation to tho Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all tho beds in feo hospital wero full, and I suwmyolubdootor and also two dootorsat Derby. Tho first ono said, 'You aro in a galloping consumption, and must dio' ; tho otlior doctors, after sounding my lungsandohost, snidnofeingliut shook theiriiead's " Gettingr. triflo better, my old muster allowed mo to do what littlo I could in Ids gardens and grounds ; and oomo days I worked u little and then would bo awnyfora fowdays. Tilings went on like this until December, 1888, wlicn J eaught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. . I wns always coughing and spit ting up phlegm, sometimes ns much ns ti tea- cupfnt at once, and wns afraid to goto sleep for fear tho phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, und my oyes wero bloodshot. Air lips and mouth were dry and parched, nnd I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, ami I could keep nothing down. , I lost over a stono weight in three weeks. "I managed to got up '.for a few hours nt a timo, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a feyv y.iitln. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, wasnovor nt ease, and got nq rearrest. ... Too weak to read I often, sat for honrs looking nt my hands- nothing but skin nnd bone, and was so nervous I could not bear tho least noise, and the chil dren nt play quits upset mo. " The doctor kopt on attending me, but ho said, ' I can do yon no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I thon gavo over taking his medicine nnd tried every thing I oould hear of. Ono thing wns n cough euro from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did uny good, nnd my friends who unmo to sec rao said, 'Woll, you won't cough much longer, you havo merely to prepare for another world.' "About tho middle of March, 1S89, a neigh bour named Joseph Tafeam, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abboy, said to mo, ' Tom, uiu you over try Mother.Geig'oVp Syrup ?' and told mo how bo had boon oured after being in tlio hospital. He spoke so muoh in praise of this medioino I sent my wife to Derby nnd got a bottle ut Air. Smith's stores in Victoria, streot. After tho first' dose I had an evacua tion lilnol: as Ink, nnd . vomited. Then I fell asleep, and felt rested when I awoko. After taking tbo medicine for threa days my breath ing got easier, my food, kept down, and in a few days more I was ablo.to go out for a short, walk.. Dy the end of a fortnight I went to sea my master, wlio nsked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mofeor Ssigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work' at" onco, nnd hnvo never lost a day's work since. " Of couroo my ntrongfe did not return all nt once, but nfter taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was, strong as over as ever in my life, and have continued so over sincd." In giving his consort to tho publication of tills remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Kostlej', head gardener, Dsrloy Abboy, who is acquainted wife all tlio facta alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived nt Darley Abbey 22 years, and bears nn excollonfc reputation. Now, what was tho complaint from which ho suffered? Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (ns ono of the doctors thought), or ho would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worso for no'von years. His complaint wns chronio in flammatory dyspepsia . (or - chronio gastric oatarrh), which lias lung 1 symptoms liko con sumption, for which it is so often iirnoronQy mistnkon and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Scigel'n Syrup, was used, tho diseased yielded, as - nil diseases of the digestivo Irnot do yield, to that magnificent pre paration. 'Wo heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and coinmbnd tho faota of his' raso to all thinking people. , Tlio- tallest and the shortest pooplo of Europe, tlio Norwegians and the Laps, live side by sido. 