\- ANSWERS.' 1083.' Some Quaint Superstitions.— The, following are some common super stitions held by the uneducated (and even by some who ought to know bettsr) in many parts of the old country. _ . . Alms to a New-born Babe. — The_ first time you call at a house where. .there is a new born babe, and tie' first time an infant is brought to your own houEe (at least after it has been christened); you must present it with alms. In the former case it should ^bein the shape of a piece of silver, and in the latter of 'the three blessings,' viz., salt or sugar, an egg, and bread. These votive offerings must bo pinned in the baby's lap, and so carried kome. The child's ' loof ' should bo crossed with the stiver. The Child's Hands. — Some simple people have a notion that it is wrong to wash the right hand of the child for the first few months after its birth, it being proper that it should be left unwashed, as a sign that it is destined to gather riches, for, as the 'old proverb says, ' Muck bodes luck.' Children born open-handed are expected to be of a bountiful disposition. Great attention has to be paid by mothers and nurses as to which hand a child uses when taking up a spoon for the first time. If it should happen to be the left, it indicates that the poor young thing will be unlucky through life. Care has also to be taken with a child in arms to carry it most frequently on the keeper's right arm, bo as to leave its right arm free, and ready to grasp at anything. This last item at least is founded on rational principles. Child Crying at Bnptistn.— It was a good omen when a child cried' at its baptism. If it did not, ill luck w*uld sooner or later overtake it. It was even pinched occasion ally to make it cry. The idea was that if it remained quiet it was an indication' that it was too good for this' wicked world, whereas, if it Bcreamed and kicked, if was spurning away the Evil Spirit from it;- ,;! ? BaptiBm and Christening; — There is' a clear distinction in the mimds of 'good old people between baptising and christening. Baptism, a venerable gossip once told me, is simply sprinkling with water in1 the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. This may be done by a layman, or in case of necessity by the-midwife, . when the life of the infant 'seems in danger. ' Drop it! drop it ! ' was the exolamation of an old woman at the Polling, meaning, sprinkle its face with water— when an in fant, that moment born' into- the world, seemed ready, to give -? up the ghost, and might be dead before Father Kelly could be summoned. Christening is|a more solemn ordinance, ;in: which the priest dips his finger into the font, and with it makes the sign of the crdsB on the baby's face, .and among Church people godfathers and god mothers take obligations on them.; One in telligent lady of my acquaintance, was baptised Mary and christened Elizabeth. For at the request of her 'mother she re ceived on being sprinkled in the name of the Blessed Trinity by the parish priest the name, of Mary ; but when her father came, home 'from sea, he caused her to be carried'tb church and christened Elizabeth;. :,TJnchristened Children's Graves. — There is a fancy in the North of England that' it is unlucky to walk over the graves of un christened . children, which is vulgarly called ' nnchristened ground, ' the persons who So' so rendering themselves liable to catching the fatal disease of the'grave scab,' or ' grave merles, ' which comes on with a trembling of the limbs and hard breathing, and at. Jast burns the skin as if it w'ero touched with hot iron; or washed with car bolic acid. No doctor on earth.it is thought, can :cure this disease. There is, ' however, a remedy, if it were only comeatable. Here is 'the recipe,:—' Put on a linen shirt thus prepared :, The lint must be grown in a- field manured from a farm- yard heap that has not been ' disturbed for forty years ; it must be spun by ? Dame Hobbletrot,' the. queen of spinsters, and it must be bleached by an honest bleacher, in an honest miller's mill dam, and sewed by an honest tailor. ' On donning this mysterious vestment, which unfortunately it would be diflScult to pro cure, eithor for love or money, the sufferer will at once regain his. health and strength. Fate of TJnchristened Babes.— It is a very common ' belief that should a child have the misfortune to die unchristened, there is no chance whatever of its getting into Heaven. All over England people have believed, and still believe, that the spirits of such unfortunate innocents are doomed to- wander about in the air, like Ossian's ghosts, flitting restlessly round the bodies of their parents, and wailing during stormy weather at their doors and windows, thus lamenting their sad lot, brought on them not by' their fault, but from which they cannot escape till the: day of judgment arrives. ? . Meeting persons on the way to Church.— On the infant being carried to church to be christened, the midwife or other woman who bore it took care to provide herself with two slices, one of bread and the other of cheese, which had to be presented to the first person met on tbe^road. If that indi vidual, whether male* or female, readily accepted and partook of the proffeied gift, it was held to be a good omen ; but . if he or she refused, it was considered tanta mount to wishing evil to her child or its relatives, and was certainly most unhand some. In case the homely present was re ceived with courtesy, which it generally was, the child had to get . in return three 'different things, accompanied by ' a wish that weal might it thrive — ????'? Like the birds in the wood and the fishes in the flood, .-' , '.. . ? '; ,-., Andthe honeybees in the hive. '-..?. ' A gentleman/' says Hone'in the- ' Table Bpok,''happe'ning once to fall in the' way of such a pMty, and' to- receive the above present^' was at 'a; loss how to make the triple return, till he bethought himself of laying upon the child which was held put to him a shilling, a halfpenny,' and a pinch of snuff.' When/they/met more thaa one person together, it was, usual to single out the nearest to the woman that carried the child, who was usually the howdie. 