THE VENETIANS. Br M. E. BRADDON, Author o£ " Lady Aud ley's Secret," " Phan tom Fortune," "Dead Men's Shoes," "Gut by the County," "Taken at the Flood," " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing Need ■ ful," " Mohawks," &c.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. AH rights reserved.] Chapter XXIII.—The Little Rift. Itj was Bummer-time in London; the brief, bright butterfly season, in which the metropolis of the world puts on such a splendor of gaiety and luxury that it is hard to remember the fogs and dreariness of a long, insufferable winter; hard to believe that this stately West End London can ever be otherwise than beauti ful. Are not her hotels palaces, and her parka paradises of foliage and flowers, fashion, and beauty—with only an occasional incursion from the Processional Proletariat 1 Country cousins seeing the great city in this joyous season may be excused for thinking that London life is always delectable; and, bored to death in their country quarters in the dull depths of an agri cultural winter, or suffering under the dis comforts of a ten-mile journey behind a pair of "boilers," on a snowbound road, to a third rate ball, may not unnaturally envy the children of the city their January and Feb ruary dances and dinners and theatres, all within a quarter of an hour's drive. Eve Yansittart thoroughly enjoyed the pleasures of a London season; the jaunts and excitements by day, Hurlingham, Sandown, Ascot, Henley, Lord's, the Ranelagh; the ever-delightful morning ride, the brilliant evening drive in the park,_ with its smiling flower beds, ablaze with vivid color, that vied with the scarlet plumes and shining breast plates flashing past now and again between the close ranks of carriages. Yes, London was brilliant, vivid, noisy, full of startling sights and sounds by day; and by night a city of enchantment where one might wander from house to house to mingle in a mob of more or less beautiful women, and beautiful gowns, and diamonds that took one's breath away by them mrgnificence. A city of fairyland, with awn ings over stately doorways and tiny gardens aglitter with colored lamps; and gorgeous reception-rooms where one heard all that there is of the most exquisite in modern music violin and 'cello, tenor and soprano—the stars of opera and concert-hall, breathing their finer strains for the delight of these choicer as semblies. . . There are circles and cirole3 m London, a.3 many as in the progressive process of Esoteric Buddhism, and it is not to be supposed that a small Hampshire squire, with a paltry three thousand a year, was in the uppermost and most sacred heaven but the circles touch and mingle very often in the larger gatherings of the season, and though Eve Vansittart did not know duchesseB, she often rubbed shoulders with them, and for an evening lived the life they lived and thrilled to the same melodious strains, and melted almost to tears to the samo music of Wolff or Hollman, till pleasure verged upon pain, and borne upon the long drawn notes of violin or 'cello, came sad, sweet memories of the years that were gone. Van sittart knew plenty of people who were de cidedly "nice," and these included a fair sprinkling of the nobility and a good many givers of fine parties. His wife's beauty and charm of manner ensured her a prompt accep tance among people outside that circle of old friends who would have accepted her as a duty, even had she been neither lovely nor amiable. The most enjoyable parties must at lasb pro duce satiety, if they come every night, and sometimes two or three in 9. night; and there came a time when Eve's strength began to flag. and ber spirits to droop a little in the very midst of these pleasures, this paradise of music and Parisian comedy, of dances at) night, and coaching club meets in the morn ing. Vansittart noticed the pallid morning face and purple shadows under the dark grey eyes. "We are doing too much, Ere," he said anxiously, " I am letting you kill yourself." "It is a very pleasant kind of death," answered Eve, smiling at him across the small breakfast table, where a grilled chickcn for him, a dish of strawberries for her, comprised the simple repast—a repast over which they always lingered as long as their engagements allowed, since it was the only confidential hour in the day. At luncheon people were always running in, or there was a snug libble party invited for the free-and-easy meal. Dinner was rarely eaten at home, except when they had a dinner party. " lb is a very delicious death and I shall take a long time killing. 1 Perhaps when I am as old as Honoria, Duchess 1 of Boaeastle, I shall begin to feel I have had I enough." | "My dearest, I love to see you happy and j amused, but I musn'b leb you wear yourself out. We muBt have a quiet day now and then." " As many quiet days as you like as long as they are spent with you. Shall we go to Haslemere and spend a day with the girls— this very day? Ko, there is Lady Hartley's dinner party to-night. Fernhursb would be too far. We could not get home to dress without a rush if we took a really long day on Bexley Hill." " Fernhursb and the sisters will keep bill the autumn, especially a* you will behaving Sophy here to-morrow." "Yes, Ifshall behaving Sophy," with a faint sigh. "We shall have no more cosy little breakfasts like this for a whole week." " Nonsense. We can send Sophy's breakfast up to her room, with stricb injunctions nob to get up till eleven. People who ain't used bo parties always wa it a lob of sleep in the morn ing. Sophy shall be made to sleep. But for to day, now? What should you say to a long, lazy day on the river? We can take the train to Moulsey and row down to Richmond." " Too delicious for words. But there is a tea party in Berkley-square and another at Hyde Park Gardens. I promised to go to both." "Then you will go to neither. You can send telegrams from Moulsey to say you are seedy, and your doctor ordered you to take a quiet day in the country, I being your doctor for the nonce. We'll steep ourselves in the mild beauty of Old Father Thames, a poor little river when one remembers the Danube and Rhine; but he will serve for our holiday." He rang for a time-table, found a train that wa3 to leave Waterloo at eleven, and ordered the victoria to take them to the station. "Now, Eve, your coolest frock and your favorite poet to read in your luxurious seat in the stern while I toil at the oar. Be sure you will not read a page in the whole afternoon— the willows and rushes, the villa gardens dip ping to the water's edge, the people in the passing boats, the patient barge horses on the tow-path—those_ will be your books, living, moving, changing things, compared with which Keats and Musset are trash, 'Endy mion' colorless, 'La Carmago' a phantom." "I'll take Musset," said Eve, pouncing upon a vellum bound duodecimo—a chef d'o uvre of Zaensdorf's, which was one of Van sittart's latest gifts. " He has opened a new world to me." "A very wicked world for your young innocence to explore, a world of midnight rendezvous and early morning assassinations, a world of unholy loves and savage revenges— the dagger, the bowl, the suicide s despair, the satiated worldling's vacuity. Yet he is a poet, ain't he, Eve ?—the greatest France ever pro duced, for compared with that fiery genius Hugo is bub a rhetorician." They were at Hampton before noon and on the river in the full golden sunlight, when old ! Hampton Church clock struck the hour, Eve | leaning back in her cushioned seat, gazing i dreamily at the hazy rower midships. They j had the current to help them so there was no ' need for strenuous toil. The oars dipped gently, the church and village, Garriok's Temple, the gaily-decked houseboats with gardens on their roofs and bright striped awn ings, barracks, bridge, old Tudor Palace, gently passed them like shadows in a dream. Eve did nob open de Musset, though the ribbon marked a page where passion hung suspended in tragic possibilities which should have stimulated curiosity. She was too happy to be curious about anything. It was her nr3b holiday on the river, they two alone. " If this is your idea of resting let us re3b very often," said Eve. She would nob hear of landing at Kingston for luncheon. She wanted nothing bub the river and the sunshine and his company all bo herself. She would have some tea if he liked later; a seeing an open-air tea-house a litble lower down the river and a garden where at this early hour there were no visitors, he pushed the nozzle of his skiff in among the reeds and then landed, and ordered tea and eggs and bicad and butter to be served in a rustic arbor close by the glancing tide. " I daresay there are water-rats about," said Eve, gathering her pale pink frock daintily roniid her ankles, " but I feel a3 if I should hardly mind one to-day. I feel too happy to mind anything except a blackbeetle, and those dreadful creatures are indoor horrors." They both enjoyed this humble substitute for their customary luncheon. It was a relief to escape the conventional menu—the everlasting mayonnaise, the cutlets hot or cold, the too familiar chicken and lamb. The tea and eggs in this vine-curtained bower had the mo3t ex quisite of all flavors—a taste of novelty. "I am so happy," cried Eve, "that I think, like Miss de Bourgh in 'Pride and prejudice,' I could sing if I had learnt." "Your face is my music, your laughter is better than song." "Oh, you mustn't, you really mustn't talk like that, at least not till our silver wedding," protested Eve. "You will have to make a speech, perhaps, on that anniversary, and you might incorporate that idea in it. 'What, ladies and gentlemen, in returning thanks for your kind compliments and this tru'-y magnifi cent epeigne, can I say of my wife of five and twenty blissful years, except that I love her, I love her, I love her? Her face is my muEic, her laughter is better than singing.' How would that do, Jack?" Her clear laugh rang out in the still summer air. No female of the great Bounder tribe could have enjoyed herself more frankly. Yansittart would hardly have been surprised if she had offered to change hats with him. " Five and twenty years ! A quarter of a century," she said musingly. " I wonder what we shall be like three and twenty years hence—what the world wil. be like—what kind of frocks will be worn ?" "Will the cylinder hat be abolished?" "Shall we still travel by steam or only by electricity ?" " What gunmaker will be in vogue ?" " What kind of lap dog will be the rage ?" So laughingly they-dawdled an hour away till after three o'clock, when a couple of Bounder laden boats came noisily to the reedv shore and their human cargo landed, scrambling upon shore, "giggling, exploding into joyous cockney jests, with the true South London twang. "Come," said Vansittart, "it is time w« were off." "Are you sure you have rested ?" "From my Herculean labors? Yes." They drifted down the river, praising or dis praising the villas on the Middlesex shore, in haling the sweetness of flowering clover from the Surrey fields; he leaning lazily on his sculls, she prattling to him, as much lovers as in the outset of their wooing; and so to Teddington lock, where they had to wait for a boat to come out before their boat went in. It was the laziest hour of the day and scarcely a leaf stirred among the willows on the eyot hard by. There was only the sound of the water and the voices of the passengers muffled by the heavy wooden gates and high walls of the smaller lock. Suddenly the doom opened. A skiff with four passengers slowly emerged from the yawning darkness and a voice, strong, yet silvery sweet broke upon the quiet of the scene, a voice at whose first word Yansittart started as if he had been shot. The speaker started too and gave a cry of surprise that was almost rapture. A girl, hatless, with dark hair, hi aped carelessly on the top of her small head, a girl with the love liest Italian eyes Eve had ever seen, leaned forward over the gunwale, stretching out both her gloveless hands to Vansittart. "It is you," she cried in Italian; "I thought I should never see you again," and then with a somewhat sinister glance at Eve and in almost a whisper, " Is that your wife?" "Si, Siora." The girl looked at Eve with bold searching eyes and from her looked back again to Van sittart as his boat passed into the lock. Her manner had been so absorbing, her beauty was so Btartling, that it was only in this last moment that Eve recognised the man rowing as Sefton, and saw that the other two pas sengers were a stout middle-aged woman and a little boy, both of them dark- eyed and foreign looking like the girl. When Eve and Vansittart looked at each other in the gloom of the lock both were deadly pale. "Who is that girl?" she asked huskily. " An Italian singer- Signora Vivanti. You must have heard of her singing at the Apollo." "But she knows you—intimately. She was enraptured at seeing you. Her whole face lighted up." " That is the impulsive southern manner; an organ-grinder will do as much for you if you fling him a penny." "How did you coma to know her?" " In Italy, years ago, before she began to bo famous." Tbey were out of the lock by this time and in the broad sunshine. Eve could see that her husband's pallor was not an illusive effect of the green gloom in that deep well they had just left. He was white to the lips. Sefton ? Sefton and Fiordelisa hand in glov« with each other. That was a perilous alliance, and Lisa's manner, claiming him so im pulsively, darting that evil look at hia wife. Ho saw himself hemmed round with dangers, saw the menace of his domestic peace from two most formidable influences; on the one hand Lisa's slighted love, on the other Sefton's vin dictive dislike of a successful rival. The in tensity of these apprehensions, coming suddenly upon the happy security of his wedded life, was so absoibing that he was unconscious of Eve's pallor and of the suppressed agitation of her maimer in questioning him. " You knew ner in Italy," said Eve, her head bent a little, one listless hand dabbled in the sunlit water that reflected the vivid coloring of the boat in gleams of lapis and mala chite. "In what part of Italy? Tell me all about her. 1 am dying of curiosity. There was such odious familiarity in her manner." "Again I must refer you to any organ grinder as an example of southern exuberance." " Yes, yes, that is all very fine, bub Signora Vivanti must belong to a higher grade than the organ-grinder. She is not to be judged by his standard." "There you are wrong. She is of peasant birth." "Indeed. She certainly looks common, beautiful, but essentially common. Well, Jack, where and when did you meet her?" "Years ago, as I told you. Where?" hesi tatingly, as if trying to recall a vague memory, while lurid before his mental vision there glared the scene at Elorian's, the lights, the crowd, the confused sounds of music from brass and strings, mandoline and flute, every stone of the city on that festival being resonant with varied melodies. "Where?" he repeated, seeing her looking at him impatiently. "Why, I think it was in Verona." "You think. She had a very distinct memory of meeting you, at any rate," with a little scornful laugh. "If you were her dearest closest friend her greeting could not have been warmer." "Mere Celtic impulsiveness. One meets with as much warmth m the South of Ireland. Hotel waiters have the air of devoted clans men^who would shed their.blood for us. Hotel acquaintance seem as old friends." "How did you come to know this girl— peasant born, as you say ?" "She was in a factory and I was going over the factory, and I talked to her, and she told me her troubles, and I was interested and —— the same sorb of thing happens a dozen times on a Continental tour. You don't want chapter and verse, I hope. That memory is immeshed in a tangle of other memories. I should only deceive you if I went into par ticulars." He had recovered himself by this time and the color had come slowly back to his face as bent over the sculls, rowing faster than he need have done, much faster than on the other side of the lock. He was ready to lie with an ap palling recklessness if he could by so doing set up a barrier of falsehood between his wife and the true story of that night in Venice. He looked at her presently and saw that she was troubled. He smiled, but there was no answer ing smile. "My darling, you are nob by way of being jealous, I hope," he said gaily. " You ate not put out because a peasant girl held out her hands to me?" " Signora Vivanti has been long enough in England to know that a woman does not behave in that way to an almost stranger," said Eve. " Why did you look frightened at the sound of her voice when the boat oame out of the lock ? Why did you turn pale when she spoke to you?" " Did I really turn pale ? I suppose I was a little scared at her demonstrative address fearing lest it should offend you. One has time to think of so many contingencies in a few moments. But I did nob imagine yo* would take the matter so very seriously. Come, dearest, I think you know I have but one d vinity below the stars, worship at only one shrine." "Now, perhaps—but what do I know of the past ?" "If in the past I have admired and even fancied I loved women less admirable than yourself, be sure this woman was not one of them. No ghost of a dead love looks out of her eyes, beautiful as they are." " I must believe you," sighed Eve. " I want to believe you, and to be happy again." "EoolishEve. Can it be that an irrepres sible young woman's greeting was enough to make you unhappy?" " Yes, it was foolish, no doubt. Women are very foolish when they love their husbands as I love you. There are scores of women I meet who think of their husbands as lightly as of their dressmakers. Would you like me to be that kind of wife—to be lunching, and gadding, and driving, and dancing in one direction, while you are gadding, and dining and card-playing somewhere else? I should be nearer being a woman of fashion than I am now. "Be ever what you are now. Be Jealous, even if jealousy be a proof of love." "There was a child in the boat—a hand some black-eyed boy. Is he her child, do you think 1" Having affected ignorance at the outseb, VsDpittarb was forced to maintain his attitude. " Chi lo sal" he said with a careless shrug. " Was it not odd that Mr. Sefton should 1)3 escorting her ?" "Not especially odd. She is a public character and has a herd of admirers, no doubt. Why should not Sefton be among them?" " I never heard him mention her when be was talking of the theatree." " Men seldom speak of the women they admire, and Sefton is reticent about a good many things." After this they talked of trifles, lightly, bub with a somewhat studied lightness. Eve Eeemed again content, but her gaiety was gone, as if her spirits had drooped with the vanish ing of the sun, which now at five o'clock was hidden by low, threatening clouds. At Richmond Bridge they left their boat to be taken back by a waterman and walked through the busy town to the station. An express took them to London in good time for dressing and dining ab Lady Hartley's state dinner. She had a'; large old house in Hill street this year and was entertaining a good deal. "My dear Eve, you are looking utterly washed out," she said to her sister-in- law in the drawing icom after dinner. "You must come to us at Redwold directly after Good wood—you could come straight from Goodwood, don't you know—and let me nurse you." "You are too kind. I think, though, it would be a greater rest if I were to go to Fern hurst for a few days and let the sisters and Nancy take care of me. A taste of the old poverty, the whitewashed attics and the tea dinners would act as a tonic. I am debilitated by pleasures and luxuries." "You were looking bright enough last night at Mrs. Cameron's French play." " Was I ? Perhaps I laughed too much at Coquelin Cadet or eat too many strawberries." Lady Hartley had an evening party after the dinner, and it was a shock for Vansittarb on coming into the drawing-room at half-past ten o'clock, after a long drawn- out political discussion with a big wig of Sir Hubert's party, to find Sefton and Eve sitting side by side in a flowery nook near the piano, where ab this moment Oscar de Lampion, the Belgian tenor, was casting his fine eyes up towards"the ceiling preparatory to the melting strains of his favorite serenade— And thou canst eleep, whil3t from the rain-washed lawn Thy lover watches for thy passing shade Across the blind, and sobs and sighs till dawn Glows o'er the vale and creeps across the glade. And thou canst sleep—thou heedest not his sighing ; And thou caDSt sleep—thou wouldst it he were dyiDg; yes, thou canst sleep—canst sleep—sleep. There was a second verse to the same effect, exquisitely sung, but worn threadbare by familiarity, which Yansittart heard im patiently, watching Eve and her companion, and longing to break in upon their seclusion. They were silent now, since they could not in decency talk while De Lampion wa3 singing. There were only two verses. De Lampion was too much an artist to sing lengthy songs, although too lazy to extend his repertoire. He liked people to be sorry when he left off. Yansittart dropped into a chair near his wife. The rooms had not filled yet, so there was a possibility of sitting down, and this quiet corner, screened by an arrangement of palms and tall golden lilies, was a pleasant haven for conversation in the brief intervals between the music, which was of that superior order which is heard in respectful silence by everybody within earshot, though the people oub3ide the room who can't hear are apt to be troublesome, a sudden buzz of multitudinous voices break ing in upon the silence whenever a door i3 opened. Sefton and Vansittart shook hands directly the song was over. "I was told you were to dine here," said Vausittarb, as an obvious opening. " Lady Hartley was kind enough to ask me, but I had an earlier engagement in Chelsea. I have been dining with the Hawberks—the composer, don't you know. Sweet little woman, Mrs. Hawberk — so sympathetic. Yon know them, of course." "Only from meeting them at other people's houses." " Ah, you should know Hawberk. He's a glorious fellow. You must spare me an hour or two to meet him at breakfast some Sunday morning, when Mrs. Yansittart doesn't want you to go to church with her." "I alwaj-3 want him," said Eve,- with a decisive air. "And does he always go ?" "Always." " A model husband. I pub down the hus bands who attend the morning service among the great army of hen-pecked, together with the husbands who belong to ODly one rather fogeyish club. But that come3 of my demoralised atti tude towards the respectabilities. Well, it shall not be a Sunday, but you must meet Hawberk en petit comite before the season is over. He is a very remarkable man. It was he who invented Signora Yivanti, the lady who claimed your acquaintance so effusively to day." "Indeed!" said Vansittarb, with a scowl which did nob invite further comment, but Sefton was not to lie silenced by_ black looks. "Did Mr. Hawberk bring Signora Vivanti from Italy V asked Eve, and Sefton could see that she paled ab the mere mention of the singer's name. "I think not. She was established in very comfortable quarters at Chelsea when Haw berk first heard her. Some good friend placed her there and paid for her training. The re3b of her history is known to all the world. Haw berk finished her artistic education and had the courage to trust the fate of a new opera to an untried prima donna. The resulb justified his audacity, and the Vivanti is the rage. Sho is original you see, and a grain of originality is worth a bushel of imitative excellence." "I should like to hear her sing," said Eve. "Then you are in a fair way of being gratified. She is to sing to-night; Lady Hartley has engaged her." "Really! How odd that Lady Harbley never mentioned her when she was tellinc me about her programme." "The engagement was made only two or three days ago after I met Lady Hartley at Lady Belle Teddington's luncheon party. It was my suggestion. Musical evenings are apt to be so dismal—Mendelssohn, de Beriot, Spobr, relieved by a portentous Scotch ballad of nine-and-twenty verses by a fashionable baritone. Vivantihas sentiment and humor, chic and fire. She will be the bouquet and send people away in good spirits." A duet for .' violin and 'cello began at this stage of conversation and when it was over Yansittart moved away to another part of the room and talked to other people. It was past eleven. He knew not how soon the Venetian might appear upon the scene, but he was determined to keep out of her way. He would not risk another effusive greeting, and with a woman of her type there was no reliance upon the restraints of society. She might be as demonstrative in a crowded drawing-room as on the River Thames. Of all irritating chances what could ^be more exasperating than this young woman's admission to his sister's house, even as a paid entertainer ? And it was Sefton's doing; Sefton who had seen him with Fiordelisa two years ago on the Embankment and who had doubtless treasured up the re membrance of that meeting; Sefton who had admired Eve and had been scorned by her and who perhaps bated Eve's happier lover. Nothing could be more disquieting for Vansittart than that Sefton should have made himself the friend and patron of Fiordelisa— even if he were no more than friend or patron. If he were pursuing the Venetian girl with evil intentions it would be Vansittart's duty to warn her. He had urged her to lead a good life—to redeem the error of her girlhood by a virtuous and reputable womanhood. It would be the act of a coward to stand aside and keep silence while her reputation was being blighted by Sefton's patronage. True, that her aunt and son had been the companions of to-day's river excursion; true that her presence had given respectability to the jaunt; yet with his knowledge of Sefton's character Vansittart could hardly believe that his intentions towards this lovely daughter of the people could be altogether free from guile. He hated the idea of an interview with Lisa, whose undisciplined nature might again reveal itself in some un welcome demonstration; but he told himself that it. was his duty to give her fair warning of Sefton's character. She might have been Harold Merchant's wife, perhaps, with a legiti mate protector but for his—A'ansittart'a—evil passions. This gave her an undisputable claim upon his care and kindness—a claim not to be whistled away because it involved unpleasant ness or risk for him. He went back to Eve presently and asked her to come into the inner drawing- room, where there were people who wanted to see her; an excuse for getting her away from Sefton, who still held his ground by her chair. "I shall lose my place if I stir," she said; " and I want to hear Signora Vivanti." " I'll bring you back." "There'll be no getting back through the crowd. Please let me stay till she has sung." " As you please." He turned and left her, offended that she should refuse him ; vexed at her desire to hear the woman who had already been a bone of contention between them. He went back to the inner drawing-room, as far as possible from the piano and the clever German pianist who had arranged the programme for Lady Hartley, and who was to accompany—somewhat re luotantlv—the lady from the Apollo, whose performance might pass the boundary-line of tbe cmnvie-il-faul, he thought. Vansittart stood where he could just see Lisa by looking over the Heads of the crowd. She took ber stand a little way from the piano and clear of the audience, with admirable aplomb, in no wise embarrassed, though this was her first society performance. She was in yellow—a yellow crape gown, very simply made, with a babyish bodice and short puffed sleeves; and on'the clear olive of her finely ■ -CTK-—II I | ■ | ■ || | moulded neok there flashed the collet necklace •which represented the first- fruits of the Venetian's success. Vansittart shuddered as he noted the jewels, for he had the accepted idea of actress's diamonds, and he began to fear that Lisa had already taken the wrong road. She sang a ballad from the new serio-comic opeia "Haroun Alrasehid," a ballad which all the street organs and all the smart bands wero playing and which w;i3 as familiar in tho re motest slums of the east as in the gardens of the west. I am not fair, I am not wise, But I would die for thee; My only merit in thine eyes Is my fidelity. Oh, cnuldst thnu kill me with thy frown, That death I'd meekly me -t; For it were joy to lay me down And perish at thy feet. It was the song of a slave to her Sultan and glanced, from the supreme of sentimcuo to the absurdity of burlesque. The song wa3 the rage, but it was the power and passion of the singer that made it so. The sudden silvery laugh with which she finished the second verse, chang ing mstanteneously from sentiment to mo-k ing gaiety—with a sudden change in metre and sentimant—was a touch of originality that delighted her audience and the son" was ap plauded to the echo. Vansittart had moved into the music-room while she sang, as if drawn irresistibly by the power of song, and he wa3 near enough to see his wife and Mefton talking to the singer—praising her, no doubt—uttering only the idle nothings which are spoken upon such occasions; but the idea that Eve should get to know this woman's name, that they should talk together familiarly, and, above all, that Lisa should know his name and be able to approach wife or husband whenever some wild impulse urged her attack was dreadful to him How could he be sure henceforward that his secret should remain a secret? Was the Ve netian a person to be tiusted with the power of lif« or death ? He went back to the inner room and was speedily absorbed in the duty of attending two colossal dowagers with monumental necks and. shoulders, and diamonds as large as chandelier drops, to steer whom down a London staircase past a stream of people who were ascending was no trifling work. In the dining-room the debris of dessert) and the ashes of cigarettes £? SV6P P^ace an elegant arrangement of old Derby /plates, peaches, grapes, and straw berries, chicken salad, and foie gras sand wiches, and to this light refreshment people were crowding as eagerly as if dinner were an obsolete custom. Blocked in between two great ladies, pouring out champagne for one and peeling a peach for another, Vansittart was secure from being pounced upon by Fior delisa. He saw Sefton sitting with her at a little table m a corner as he piloted his aristo cratic three-deckers to the door. Sefton was plying her with champagne and lobster salad and her light joyous laugh rang out above society s more chastened gaiety. He hated Sefton with all his heart that night and he was too angry with Eve to speak to her either as they waited in the hall for their carnage or during the short drive home. Never before had he treated her with this sullen rudeness. She followed him into his den, where he went for a final smoke before going upstairs. She stood by bis chair for a few minutes in silence, watching him as lie lighted his cigar, and then she said gently— "What is the matter with you to-night. Jack? Have I vexed you?" "I don't know that you have vexed me—but I know that I am vexed." " About what?" "I didn't like to see you so officiously civil to Signora Vivanti. It is all very well for dowagers and fussy matrons to take notice of a public singer, but it is a new departure for you." "I could hardly help myself. She sang so delightfully and I was pleased with her and then Mr. Sefton introduced her to me. What could I do bub praise her when I really admired her ?" "No, you were blameless. It was Sefton's fault. He had no right to introduce her to you." "But is she not respectable?" " I cannot answer for her respectability. I know nothing of what kind of life she has led since she made her debut. She wears diamonds and that is not a good sign." "She does not look like a disreputable person," said Eve very thoughtfully. "There is something frank and simple about her that I liked. That boy must be hers, he is so like her. Bo you know if she was ever married—■ if the boy's lather was her husband ?" "I know very little about her, as I told you to-day ; but I should say not." "Poor thing! I am very sorry for her." "You need not waste too much pity upon hc-r. She seems perfectly happy. A peasant girl, reared upon polenta, does not consider these things so tragically as they are con sidered in Mayfair." "How scornfully you speak of her. I am sure she is a good girl at heart. She re membered seeing me in the boat to-day and she asked me if I was your wife. She repeated my name curiously, as if she had never heard it before. Did nob she know your name when you met her in Ferrara or wherever it was 2" "Very likely nob. I was an Englishman. That might have been a sufficient distinction in her mind." "I hope she is nob leading a wicked life," said Eve with a sigh. " She has a good face." " Do not let us trouble about her any more," said Vansittart, looking earnestly up at the thoughtful face that was looking down ab him. " She has almost brought dissension between us—for the first time." " Only almost. We could not be angry with each other long, could we, Jack? But you must own it was enough to take any wife by surprise. A beautiful Italian girl stretching out_ both her hands in eager greeting—almost falling out of her boat into ours. Any wife caring very much for her husband would have felt as I did — a sudden bitter pang of jealousy." "Any wife must be a foolish wife if she felt that pang knowing herself beloved as you do." "Yes, I think that now you are honestly fond of me. Ab, how can I think otherwise when you have been so indulgent, so dear? Yet in the past you might have loved that beautiful dark-eved pii-1. Vnn noroi- nro. urcuuuui uiiin.-ojcu friii. xuu never pre tended I was your first love. And if you did care for her, do please be candid and tell me. I should be happier if I knew the worst. It could not matter much to me, you see, Jack, that you should have been fond of her once. Dearest, dearest," she repeated coaxingly'with her head bent down till her soft cheek leaned against his own, " tell me the worst." "Eve, bow often must I protest that I never cared for this girl—that she was never any thing tome but a friendless woman—friendless except for an aunt as poor and as ignorant as herself. She was never anything to me—never. Are you satisfied now? As far as Fiordelisa is concerned you know the worst." " I am satisfied. But if you did not care for her she cared for you. She could nob have looked as she looked to-day—her whole face lighting up with rapture—if she had not loved you. Only love can smile like that. Bub I won't tease you; the thought of her shall never again come between us." " So be it, Eve. "We have had our much ado about nothing. We will give Signora Vivanti a holiday. Sophy will be with you to-morrow and will want no end of amusement—exhibi tions all day and a theatre every night, with an evening party afterwards. I know what country cousins or country sisters are. Besides, it will be Sophy's debut, and she will expect to make an impression." " I hope she will not be too fine," said Eve, remembering Sophy's strivings to maintain a fine lady air under difficulties. " She will be as fine as the finest, be sure of that. She will expect matrimonial offers—to be a success in her first season. Why don't you marry her to Sefton?" " I don't like Mr. Sefton." " But Sophy might-like him, and he is rich and well born. If he is not a gentleman that is his own affair—not any fanlb in his race." (2ole continued.J 