OLD WORLD SPORT. An Antipodean's Views. By "Lynx-Eyed." (Continued.) A Chat About Boxing. Invited to and very courteously received at the National Sporting Club in Covent Garden, I had a long chat with Mr. Fleming, who really runs the con- cern ostensibly known as a "club", but there were no matches on during my visit. The hall is capitally fitted up, and is very much more compact than that of the Melbourne Athletic Club. I noticed that the "stakes," or, rather, the uprights, which did duty for them were not padded, but Mr. Fleming did not consider that necessary, and as he is an old- time fighting man, he certainly should know best; but the little incident, trifling as it appeared, confirmed me in the views I had formed (and to which I allude elsewhere) of the vast difference in the styles of English and Australian boxing. We Fight, They Box. That's the difference; and that at the same time furnishes an explanation of the marked success of almost all our men who have been pitted against English boxers. Altogether I saw about seven so- called "contests," and in no instance would an Australian gathering have tolerated the display even as an exhibi- tion. They simply sparred, tip- tapped, and boxed for points, and to one accustomed to witness the rushes and furious onslaughts characteristic of Slavin, Goddard, Williams and Co., the "contests," to say the least, seemed terribly tame. Perhaps I ought to qualify this by stating that Pritchard, who bears the reputation of being a born fighter, did not for obvious reasons (which I referred to last week) box while I was in London, and, barring Baxter, perhaps the boxers on show were second- raters. Since the decline and fall of the Pelican Club, a large number of professional boxers find their occupation gone, and as they have the entree to all the main halls, one can always put his hand on a cluster of half a score or so always providing there are no warrants out against them in the vestibule bars. They complain bitterly about times being bad, and there cannot be a shadow of a doubt that boxing has been very much over- done in England, and the best people are heartily sick of the blackguardly be- havior of some British boxers, who, like a few of our own athletes, Cannot Stand Success, and consequently make brutes of them- selves. To enable my readers to get a line for themselves as to the relative styles, not to say abilities, of the English and Aus- tralian boxers, I will cite one instance, Sam Baxter, who was beaten by an old man — Jim Burge - in Australia. I noticed that Baxter, who was billed as a champion, was advertised to knock out a twelve stone man at Plymouth, and, having nothing better to do, I caught the Flying Dutchman and ran down West. The affray took place in a Music Hall on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was packed, principally with soldiers and sailors, literally crammed to the ceiling, as a couple of tiers of galleries opponent, who was called the Champion of the West, and who was a gentleman of color. This man, it appears, had thrashed almost every one in Devonshire; but, in spite of this fact, he hadn't a ghost of a chance with Baxter, who, as I have said, was defeated by old Burge in Australia, This, I think, should give us some little line as to the form of English fighters. Baxter, by the way, failed to knock the black out, but the referee decided on points, and awarded the fight to the light-weight, to the intense delight of the spectators, who fairly worship Baxter. Returning once again to Pritchard, the youngster, who would find few to question his claim to the high-sounding title, "Champion of England." This lad, who is credited with standing 5ft 9½in, struck me as being considerably shorter, but, as he is round-shouldered, his appear- ance may be deceptive. In the course of a long conversation which I had with him, he told me that from the first he had to learn to fight, not to box. He was attached to a travelling boxing booth, which did the rounds of the races and the fairs, and 'twas his business to take on all comers, one after 'tother, and, to use his own phraseology, "'Twas a bad day when I didn't have to knock out a dozen on 'em. Business would be very bad if fewer countrymen came in for their gruel, and there wouldn't be much beer knocking about for me." No better school could possibly be found for the budding boxer than the old-fashioned boxing booth, where young Pritchard speedily learned that he had to be knocked out himself or else lay out his opponent. Such knowledge is a rare stimulant, and naturally creates a strong desire to be first to get on the job and do the needful. Big Betting. It is a noticeable fact that while the system of betting in Australia has been radically revolutionised of late years, the English style of doing business with the book and pencil has also experienced a material metamorphosis. The early "ante-post" betting now really resolves itself into huge gambling, of which the bookmaker has a bit the best of the odds, but he has to take such big risks, having comparatively little field money to pay out with, that when struck over a fancy wager he is frequently very hard hit. Although I really do not think that there is so very much more betting on English races than there is on our Australian events, the wagers booked (single-handed) are far more sensational, and the settling, consequently, very heavy. As an instance of these gambling bets, I cannot do better than cite one of the most recently reported exploits of our own Joe Thomp- son. Colonel North is perhaps the biggest bettor in England at the present time, and Joe consequently lays up to him a good deal, and during the winter managed to lay the Nitrate King £30,000 to £300 about a treble, one leg of which (the Waterloo Cup) he has already won. Now, although the ex-Australian had very much the best of the odds, he stands to be shot at for thirty thousand pounds, unless, of course, he backed Fullerton back for the Waterloo Cnp, and also backs the Colonel's nominations for the City and Suburban and Jubilee Stakes — which is not bookmaking. Is it? By the way, Thompson is no fonder of "hiding his light under a bushel " than he was when in Australia, and when he does book a big bet he takes all sorts of care that "all the world knows it." Sullivan, Slavin, and Mitchell. Mr. Atkinson, of the Sporting Life, who was present at the fight between Sullivan and Mitchell, told me in the Old Cheshire Cheese most unhesitatingly and most emphatically that Mitchell is the most likely man to beat Sullivan. Atkinson is a great believer in the Birmingham-bred boxer, who is by many good judges considered Slavin's equal (in his present condition), but the general impression at home is that Sullivan will never fight on the "dead square" again. If Sullivan and Mitchell, or Sullivan and Slavin, felt inclined to have a bogus contest and boom it over the world, there would be twenty thousand pounds in it. I have devoted more space than I usually do to boxing and billiards, because there was little else in the way of sport going on in the winter. The same old growl about Handicapping goes on in England, just as in Australia, but owners there, rarely rush to air their complaints in print, and in this I certainly think they show more discretion, as I have always contended that 'tis the worst possible policy on the part of an owner to point out defects in a weight-adjuster's work, and thus incur his hostility. Owners at home generally contrive to get hold of a pressman to do this picking holes business for them, and while our Australian custom may be more straight- forward, it certainly, to my thinking, is the more injudicious. The mere fact of an owner writing to the Press and charging the handicapper with incapacity or injus- tice, or both, in connection, with the weight allotted his horse is alone sufficient to cause the weight-adjuster to keep the weight up on that animal. He must do it, in fact, for his own reputation's sake, no matter how firmly convinced he may be in his own heart of hearts that he is perpetuating a mistake; otherwise, by re- ducing the weight he tacitly admits his own error or incapacity, and also acknow- ledges that his hand has been forced by the owner. That's why, Messrs, Owners and Trainers, I certainly wouldn't counsel you to fall foul of the handicapper in print. 'Twill do you no good, and may do you a lot of harm. If you must grumble, get someone else to do it for you, in a general sort of way, and keep your own name as much as possible out of print. This is a digression, by the way, led up by the persistent protests of some of our pony owners against the handicappers. Reverting to the English dissatisfac- tion, they were contemplating a plan while I was home of making a series of independent handicaps and then striking an average. This, I see, has since been partially done, but with very unsatisfactory results. This I anticipated, and though there may be faults here and there in any single-handed handicap, any one in- dividual who devotes his whole time and attention to the study of form is likely to frame a far more equitable handicap than would half a dozen amateur weight- adjusters. In the combined handicap- ping trial at home they did not take the three scales and then strike an average, they went by the number of acceptors, and as out of 92 entries the most suc- cessful handicap only attracted 24 ac- ceptances, the experiment was hardly encouraging. Sport in Colombo. Arabi Pasha, the Cinnamon Gardens, polo, and prawn curries are Colombo's attractions. As there isn't much sport to be made out of three of these, perhaps it will be as well if I leave them to the last and tackle polo and the polo ponies to-day. The principal pillars of sport in Colombo appear to be the Brothers Capper, newspaper proprietors, who, in addition to being capital cricketers, also dabble in racing and polo playing. Right here, while I think of it, I may as well hint that a cargo of Australian ponies and a few second-rate racehorses, with a couple of cheap sires (such as Wycombe, for instance, who was sold here last week for sixty pounds), would sell well in Colombo. I only saw half a dozen decent horses during my two days' stay in the place, and five of these were Australian, and the other English — a magnificent grey cob, the property of the Governor. The local horses are all Arabs, and even the nately there is no law, restriction, or quarantine arrangements as regards the importation of horseflesh, and glanders consequently is very prevalent. The Arab half-breds come, I believe, from Aden, and very wretched specimens of the noble animal they are indeed. Mr. Capper informed me that Weekes had from time to time called in at Colombo and left a pony or two behind him, but there doesn't appear to be any regular market, and, as I have already said, I think one might be very pro- fitably introduced. Although the bulk of the motive power in the locomotion in Colombo is furnished by human labor, the tip-top, horsey people prefer to drive a horse, and as those obtainable on the island at present are about the most wretched apologies I ever saw, a judicious ship- ment of more showy specimens would, I am convinced, command good prices. For Polo Purposes alone in Colombo Australian ponies would be in great request, while the wealthy tea-planters inland would pro- bably purchase hacks and entires for station purposes. A few greyhounds and deerhounds would also sell in Ceylon, and on the return journey from England we brought out a bull- terrier which cost the Colombo gentleman to whom he was consigned £75. H. Maybin. The Well-known Light-weight. "Commodore," as he is familiarly termed, won the Braybrook Handicap on Jean, and the Selling Race on All There, at Maribyr- nong last Wednesday. Both horses were trained by Mr. R. Clifford, at Flemington, for whom Maybin is first jockey. The victories of both horses were well deserved, for their trainer has not been too fortunate of late. H. MAYBIN. 