THE RIGHT SORT* A ROMANCE OF THE SHIRES. Mbs. EDWAttI) KEXNAJU). • CHAPTER XIV. -A I’miixn ix Xni;n, Tiy timo-honourod custom tho opening meet of "0aucbamp Leuard’s hounds was invariably held atStaplotou. In oldeu days, during tho Jife of tho late lamented Squire, Stapleton Hall had been renowned fora generous hospitality. ^£°tn the richost to tho poorest, people wero liberally regaled, and nobody was over aont empty away from tho doors of tho most popular and bost-hcartod follow iu tho country. Such was ‘.ho vordict of tho public. But, alas! life is fleeting, aud in coursoof time this ex cellont gentleman was gathered to his fore fathers, aud his oldest son, Duherly Stapleton, took up tho rcins-of oflico. Tho latter cared littto for snort, and, although a staunch pre . aervor of foxos, soldom honoured tho county hounds with liis presence. Staploton Hall was a lino old structure, built in tho Gothic stylo of architecture. It stood on an omiuencs, from which ah extensive Tjewof the surrounding country was obtain able. In a hollow immediately to the rekruf the houBe lay a large niece of ornamental water, on whose smooth surface, a pair of stately, long-nockcd swans swam gently to and fro, turning their slender necks from side to side, while their white phmmgo gleamed like nsoW'iti the morning sun. From the left hank ©I this lako a well-timherod wood, known by tho name of Stapleton Hillside, nud intersected Iiy many winding paths, roso stoeply up, while ‘ iu front of tho. rosidotico an unbroken ixpunse of undulating grass, not unliko the. billows of the sea, prosentod itself to* tho eye, :• About threo hundred yards beyond tho liouse a' depression in the* ground formed a sort of valloy, from whoso sides spruug a couple-of thickly gbrtcd coverts several acres in extent. They were renowned ns a veritable stronghold of foxes, from which the “ varmint was hard to dislodge; hut numnroua as tjin£ were in point of numbers, aud apparently flue, healthy, wull-grown animals, it was ft most un usual thing for a homobred Stapiotju over to do much moio than vacillato between gorso and Hillside, until tho paticnco of houuds. huntsman, and field fairly came to an oml. All through tho forenoon, directly a movo was inado, Hoynard slunk hither and thithor, at least half-a-doxou being on foot at ono timo, and tho scroochiug, hooting, shouting, aud galloping nover ceased for ouo moment, to tho intense delight of theswarins of foot peop’.o who mado tho opeuing moot an cxousu for for cing thoir logitimato occupations, and takiug n regular holiday. But when littloby little tho crowd began to disperse, and tho Stapleton _ foxes had onco more fully sustained thoir un enviable roputition, Hick Slant, tho huntsman, by order of Sir Boatichamp, trotted tho houuds straight away olT to Maduington Gor»o, from which placo a worthy yokol had just brought . tho welcome piece of intelligence’ that a lino old dog fox hud been viewed by himself stealing up tho wurm and sheltered sides only a fow ' minutes previously. To Stirrup's intonso con Kternatiou, KingOIat having during tho pre ceding day given uttoranco to ouo or two ominous-sounding coughs. Kate nt tho laot mimito had fouuu herself obliged to fall hack upon Grissette. Now all through tho morning the grey had proved exceedingly fractious and smtablo, refusing to stand still' for ono singlo secoud, anon plunging herhoad violently for wards with an impatient jerk which almost dragged the reins out of Kate’s hinds, ogaiu suddenly tossing it on high, till her faco was iu imminent dangor. Tho short gallops hitherto indulged in hotweeu thogorsc aud tho Hillside, alternating with poriods of prolonged inaction, had apparently aroused the marc’s impetuous temperament to a dangerous point, and rendered her far from a pleasant mount. Added to this, she displayed tho still graver fault of lashing out iu tho gatowaye, bo that having Badly kicked nu uuolTeuding quadruped that had pressed upon her moro closely than eho deomod advieahjo, Griaotto had quickly gaiued for herself a disagreeable notoriety, and was Jminted out as “thatbruto’’ by pooplo who wd been oyo-witnessos of the transaction. When, theroforo, diroctly hounds wont into Maddingtou Gorso, tho welcome “Tally hoi tally ho!” followed by a prolonged and do lighted scroech of “ ITark forravd ! - Gone •way!” reached her ears, Kate feltthopros pect of a scurry, however short, to be a positive relief. Ono thing was certain, Grisette could not possibly behave worse, and the chances were in favour of some of her irritability sub siding, once houuds wore fairly under weigh. At the first sounds of Dick Slant's horn, tho field started into sudden vitality, and galloped jib usual for tho most convenient pate, Alas! it chanced to bo securely boltod. ami the work of dismounting and heaving it off its hinges, owing to tho extromo impatience of tho crowd, proved unusually long, soveral mmute3 of valuable timo being tnns unavoidably lost, while pooplc stood by and cursed aud swore as if the most terrible calamity had happened, and thoir very lives depended upon tho instantaneous removal of tho unwchomo obstacle. Now im mediately to tho right stretched a vory big but nevertheless jumpablo fence. It was a bit ton big, howovor, at starting, wheu jumping still boro tho charm of novelty, aud practice had not as yet rondcrod seats secure aud nervo con fident. Tho huntsman, though, could not afiord such considerations when his houuds wero in full cry, so without moro than a passing hesitation he charged tho fence aud got over, followed by a Colouel Clinker ou a grey liorso, who cleared tho whole thing beautifully, and these two thus gained quito n fifty yards’ start on tho barricade division. Mounted ou King Olaf or tho Duckling, for cithor of thorn in spired her with courage, Kate woull have dearly liked to follow suit, but it appeared de cidedly rash to attempt doing so on an untried animah who so far had certainly not succeeded in makiug a vory favourablo impression on her mistress, Thero are occasions, however, when the actions are determined without voluntary otTort, and this was one—at loast so far ns Kate was concerned—for while slio was standing a littlo outrido the crowd, foarful of Grlsotto’s heels inflicting further injury, and waiting for tho gate to bo roinoved, tho mare took tho hit botween her tcoth and pulliug like a domou,in a sot resolutofashiou which de fied any attempt at resistance, charged full tilt at tho fouce beforoKato fairly renlisod what she was about. Finding herself absolutely power leis to control tho animal's movements, sho wisoly dosiatedin her endeavours to do so, and . theroby probably saved horsclf a fall. She sat perfectly still, gave Grisotte her head, and the next minute with a crash and a smash which sounded do.’idtdy alarming in tho ears of a movios, and which sonttho topmost twigs flying in overy direction, the maro lan led far into the noxt field. Tho noiBo of broaking branches caused Colonel Clinker to tutu round in his saddle, aud, wheu ho porceived the girl, to cry out “Bravo!” approviugly. But seeing Kate nafoly over, and no hurrn done, ho uid cot diminish hisspcod, for now tho hounds were simply racing in thoir front across big grass pastures, poiuting os if for Stornow, a thickly fenced aud very unnogoUable bit of country, which took a deal of doing, as Colonel Clinker ’ had often found to his coBt. In the largo, moist fields the oadishes grow long and yellow, cling log to fho horses* legs, reaching almost up to thoir hooks, and rendering it extremely difficult to avoid small cut drains which intersected them, and which made riding fast a work^of considerable danger, especially with an onimul not absolutely in hand; but tho pace was too great to allow of hesitation, It roally begun to look as if they were in for a good thing, aud os if for onco scout was all thitit ought to bo. As thoy toro along, Kate’s energies wore entirely devoted to sitting far back iu tho saddle . and preventing Grisette from running away altogether. She was in that unpleasant posi tion wheu tho consciousness of utter weakness; pitted against brute forco, presents itself to tho xmnd. If the mare mado tho slightest false step they might break their necks together for all tho power she retained of proventing any \- cuch calamity. .Still tho situation was decidedly exciting, for now, close under Stornow village, thohounda made a sharp detour to tho right, which completely upset tho calculations of the road and point rider3, constituting tho great . bulk of the Hold, who by this manomvro were hopelessly thrown out, so that none but tho im mediate followers were left in attendance on tha flying beauties. Moanwhile Grisette was pulling like a mad thing, and lCato’s faco, from the exertion of endeavouring to hold her, ro f .eemblcd a full-grown peony. Her arms ached and tinglod from the sookeU to the wrists, aud worse than all, a tremulous deadsensatiou had begun to overtake them, depriving them of the little strength they still possessed. Tho fences, ; too, now came in rapid succession, onoafterthe other, almost as fast as they could jump them —big, fair flying fences, guarded by ditches, . out of gross into grass—a magnificent country, but ono that undoubte dly demanded a finished hunter. As sho swopt over, or rather through, each impediment in its turn, tho utmost Kate -could do was to keep the mare's lioad straight aud trust to Providence, for Grisotta. had an ugly way of chancing top-biudors in a tnauner only to well calculated to strike terror into tho heart of her rider. Nevertheless, up till now, inspired by tho example of tho good grey horso in trout, sb< * * * * , sho held her, <?wn, . despite sundry narrow escapes, aud*l&$ptvher;f>l&co; close in s'\~~ • by; arrangement with Ward, Dock, “aC\'244> hiB wflko. Grisotto's faulta wero many, as Kate hull not been long in discovering ; but tho moat hoinqtis ono of lufusiiig could not bo numbered in the cutngory of her shortcomings, L'ho very sight of a fenco scorned to add to her natural impetuosity, and though unpleasantly chary of height, width presented no obstruction whatever. Thero was not much feur of her leaving her hind logs floundering in tho ditch, so that after a hit, finding she got over some how, ovou though uot quite bo cleanly as aha was in the habit of doing, Kato grow tolerably accustomed to tho mare's peculiar stylo of jumping, and hecamo almost reconciled to tho recurring sound cf tho breaking twigs as they Ue.W before Gri*ette's forologs like arrows'shot ' from a how. Her Mood by this timo was ill a glow, fear hud lost its restraining influence, caution had tied to tho winds ; her ono idoa', her ouo thought, was to keep near to that good gray at any hazard. Mather than lone a yard, sho felt prepared to smash every bone ia her body. The pace at which they were going intoxicated hor. Thoso who hunt thomselves, having doubtless oftou realised the scusation, will rocaU times when they have ridden their very host uudor similar circumstances, aud will sympathise with wli^t less advontuvous spirits might term this dare dovil, foolhardy mood of tho girl’s. CnlpuolOiiukcr, on Suowttako, ouco become conscious that Kate Browser was following close in hin footsteps, had several timos turnod rouud in the course of tho run aud shouted to her to oomo fast or slow, as tho case might be, at any particular fonco, aud duiing tboso brief glauces ho perceived that in Bpite of Kato’s courage aud good horsomanBhip, Grisetto had completely overpowered her mistress, nuil‘ was far from being & safo couvcyauce. . But thore was little time for reflection. .Since they had leftStomow, tho hounds had never faltoreu for a second, but llowu along with a broast-high scent. .Very fow were with them. Dick Slant, ' the huntsman, and Colonel Clinker «iit out iho work, the latter with Kate in atteudauco, and hohind them not more tiiau a dozen'horsemen/ each riding his hardast, with eyes eagerly bsut; : on the raciug pack, that, in a compact-body, [’streamed on, on, on, without n straggler or laggard among tho number, in steru and terrible silcuce. Tho yokel had bosu right when he testified to Haddington Gorto holding u good old dog-fox, who had brought them , along in a stylo not often seen, even in tho crack hunting county of Groat Britain. But now Pug seemed to chaugo his point, and agaiu boro awny to tho right. Tho paco bogan to tell j upon Ji’un, as welt us upon tho horses, and ho sought a convenient rofugo, loavmg tno sound and springy turf which luthorto ho had closely adhered to, and making for tho difficult country aU round about Shoppcrton, n village con spicuous bya solitary windmill stauding on a big round hill, which formed a landmark to.tho surrounding neighbourhood. Tho fonco3 hero were regului^ “ nuu traps,” guarded ou ouo or either sido by stifT wooden rails, com monly called. “ oxere.” : Two ploughed fields, heavy und bindiug, now luy in lront of the pursuers, tho first »f them boing separated from tho arable loud by a tall und uncommonly hairy bullfinch. Dick Slant pulled his clever hunter up to n trot, and after sorao persuasion ami jobbing in the mouth, managed to boro a way through, and then pop off. tho batik ovor the ditch ou tho far side, aud tho well-traiucd Snowllako did likewise. It was eminently a a place whero a good steady horse showed to udvautage, but it was usoless asking Grisetto to go slowly or to double. Sho rushed at the* bullfinch in her usual wild wild tnanuer. The reins were torn out of Kate's hands, and she herself nearly dragged off backwards. Never theless, she got over safely, though in rather a sorry plight. Hor hat was battered in, and a sharp thorn had caughther faco, and scratched ft to such au oxtout that tho blood flowed “Tho brute!” said Colonel Clinker indig nantly, as he saw tho rod drops making their slow, way down her disfigured cheek. “Why on earth does sho want to go a thousand miles an hour at everything she comoa across !” “ That's just what 1 can’t tell you,” gasped Kato, applying her pockot- haudkorchief to tho injured pait. “ AU 1 kuow is, it's exceedingly unpleasant,” But they had no lime for further talk, for the hounds, thougUrunning rathor more slowly, wero still advar.ciug steadily over tho sticky clay fallows. Now thore are certain torsos who cm not got aloug at all in heavy, wot soil. -Even; animal* that aro very decent staycts on the top of tbo grouud collapso altogothor when their hoofs sink fetlock-deep in the soft earth. Directly they entered the plough, Grisetto'began to labour nud falter in her stride. She stretched her hoad forwards, the white foam lathered tho roina Hko soap-suds, whilo the maro’s raano hung damp aud straight m stcamiug wisps upon Her dapping uock. Sho had clearly Hiiot hor bolt, and now dropped heavy on tho hand, although eho'coased pulling und snatching at tho bridle. As they crossou tho second of the two ploughed fields sho sub sided from a gallop to a canter, from a cantor, to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never do to stop with tho pack now well ahead, and Kate determined to struggle on to tho end, coutc t t/ui toittc, Sho was by no means insensible .to the danger of riding a beaten animal, only sho could not bring hor- • self to coose following tho houuda when' up till now she had held so good a place and enter tained such a pleasant consciousness of having goao really well. Nevertheless, what but a few short minutes ago, in spite of Grisette's little eccentricities, had appeared to hor tho summit of human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. Sho began to speculate on the probable duration of the run, nud devoutly wished for ita prompt termination, or at least a prolonged aud highly welcome check. If something did nothippou, and that soon, b!io would be forced nolens rolcn.% to give in, for to fuel thnt wrotched Grisetto sobbing uml labouring under hor, to see tho limp neck aud distended nostril, to hear the catching breath aud palpitaliug heart, going like a sledge hammer, to watch the convulsive jerkittgs of the quivering tail, aud tho spas modic hcaviups of tho panting flauk, had become both pitiful and vexatious iu the iniddlo of a good ran. Fortunately thero was grass once more ahead, and only a small straggly fouco intervening botwoen it aud the plough. With a faltering leap, followed by a real bad peck and a desperate strugglo to regain her ' footiug, Grisetto got ovor it, bearing away on ! her inoist brow the marks of mother earth. “ That was a near thing,” thought Kate. However, a miss iB as good as a mile, according to tho old saying.” Her spirit rose within her iu spile of this mishap, for 6he hoped that tho light going, added to some judicious uursmg ou her part, might succeed iu pulling tho tnaro through after all. But tbeso hopes wore destined to be of very short duration, for to her dismay about a couple of hundred yards off looraod au immense stake-and-bound fence, nowly trimmed, with a binder running all along tho top as thick os a man’s arm, aud apparently ten thou sand times more uuyielding—an obstaclo. even on the li test nud freshest of horses, entitled to great respect, Colonel Clinker, when he saw it in the distauco, took a pull at Snowllako aud waited for Kato to come up almost alongside. “ For heaven’s mko,” ho said iu a voice full of anxioty, “take caro whnt you aro about! Your mare's deed beat, aud I don't half like your going at it.” ‘ u I cau’t possibly show tho white fealhor now," caino tbo answer between her sot tooth. “At all events,” ho said, “lot me go tint. There's justaclianco of Snowflake's carrying away the binder, or making a hole somewhere! Pul tho tnaro steadily at tho feuco and Keep her well iu hand, for she’s bound to scramble torribly.” . But the gallant Snowfiake for onco failed to satisfy his master't asniratioua. He collocted himself for an effort aua flow tho obstacle like a bird, with at least a foot to 6naro. Thero was little fear of /.« bringing topbmders away. So groat, however, was Colonel Cliukor's anxioty that he pullod him back almost to a standstill, in order that ho might watch how Kate fared. Urging tbo mare on by heel and voice*, tho girt rods bravely'at tho fence; but -eveii be/oro Grisetto took off alio know for certain they wero bound to come to grief. Thero was no answer ing response to her call, no elasticity of motion or willingness of spirit, nothing but a dis heartening Teluctauc3 to proceed. A horrible crash,'a violent fall, a recollection of the mire rolling backwards and fo-wnrds over her body, followed by tho deoth-like feeling of a heavy crushing weight pinning her to the ground, woro.Kato'u immediate sensa tions. Far too beat to attempt, rising from the place where sho had fnllon, Grisetto laid on tho helpless girl, grunting with terror, every now and then hitting out with her hind leg#, which momentarily threatened to dash the head of her unfortunate rider to nieces. Each minute it seemed as if tho doadly iron hoofo must prove • “Good God!” exclaimed Colonel Clinker, hastening to dismount. “ I nover saw* a worse fall in my life; she will be killed, to a certainty. Here, ono of you follows,” be said to a couple of men who had just come up, “ hold my horse, will you? Thero is not a minute to be Ion.. We must got hor away somohow.” His face was ghastly, with not a vestige of colour left in it; still bis presence of mind did uot desert him. iu any emergency ho was quick to flecido upon a course of notion', and he saw at a glance that owing to the danger of Grisotte kicking out yet. more violently, it would be useless attempting to draw Kate’e prostrate body from under her by main strength. The boat chanco appeared to bo to get tho maro ! on her logs as t|uicltly and . as quietly os poa [ sibie, Tlio risk might bo grout, but it must bo run, there was uo help for it. 44 Tho brute will struggle,” ho said. “ However, it’s a case I of kill or euro, ami wo win only aet for the best, Dolay cm do no good.” Kate in hor dangerous position heard tho words, 44 Yon aro right,” sho said, looking at him with a faint suiilo, “ Delay cau do no good, nml I proraiso to keep us still as a mouse.’’ Tho relief of hcariug her speak these few 'wordB and of knowing sho ictained hor senses wiis *0 immense that it lightened half the loud of card weighing on Jack Clinker’s heart. . “That's tight,” ho said moi*o cheerily, H Trust to us, and all will yomo well yot, l'Ve shan’t let any harm happen to you if «*<» can help it.” Sho triod to answor, but hor faca p:\lod sud denly, a? ju3t then CJrisotto gavo a froBh struggle, and tho iron hoofs missed hor head by tho eighth of an inch. 4< Dlesi tho girl!” said Colonel Oliukor to himself, “ what a good plucked ’uti sho is, to ho sure! She has never screamed once, al though I (oar aho must ho in groat pain,” And ho was right, though ahe would have, scorned auy outward expression of the fact, for hor broath camo hard and slow, and a sickly aeusation was atonling over her. To be so near a sudden and awful (loath, to roaliso all its terrors in that first swift, overpowering im pulse of physical fear and humau weakness common to mankind, was an exporience not, lightly to ho encountered uvon by tlio bravest/ Judo did not call out or faint, but in those fow momenta when she lny under Uriratto she lived a lifetime, Suffering, retrospection, memory, hopes nod doubts wore all condensed iivthat brief period. Dike iii a mirror, tlio actions of her girlhood presented themselves to her mind —hor dear dead uncle, tho old homo,. Herbert, Maggie, Mary Whitbread, ami a hast of con* fuBod thoughts. How was it that the lifo sho lmd often professed to disdain appeared so sweet at tho first prospect of losing it V , Why did aho suddenly cling to it with such a strange ! tenacity, when one good blow of Grisetto’s hoofs could 80 oaeilyput an cii(ltoj}arihly,,ttruggle8? Sho could not havo told, or given* herself any satisfactory reason for this chango of fooling, which at twenty-two was only thoroughly mturul, being but tho strong vitality of youth rebelling ngainat possible death. Meantime soveral people flocked rouud tho spot whero disaster had taken place, for bad as human nature is represented, there arc always a certain number of folks ready if an accident occurs, ovon when hounds aro rtiuning hard, to give up their own immediate enjoyment and j corao to tho assistance of their leas fortunate ' fellow-croaturo. Porhaps tlio consciousness i that ono good turn deserves (mother, and that their own timo may bo no ir at hand, hns some thing, to do with tho truly Samaritan spirit which uunucfitionably .exhibits: itself in tho hunting-field. A man whdv~MIK>ump oh you n I most ns soon ns look lit y opr will noverthelosi often give up n good run in caso of nu emer gency arising. Colonel Oliukor, aided by several kiudly volunteers, now seizedGrizetto by tbo head and Hank, and with all Ins farco attempted to raise liar from tho ground; Y Twice sho made n sort of half effort, and twfto, hor logs seeming to slip from under her, sho rolled back on tho girl; but at the third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, (luring which Colonel Clinkor held up Grisetto’s neck with an iron grasp, sho managed oneo moro to rogain her footing, nml stood on all fours, snorting aud shaking liko an aspen-leaf. Kate lay per* foctltf still, for tho two last rolls had crushed her sorely, 14 Aro you terribly hurt ?” asked Jack Cliuker foarfully, bonding over tho prostrate form. 44 Dour mo! bIio is insensible!” ho added in alarm, when no immediato answer was forth coming. His words aud anxious porturhed t aco braced Kata to fresh offort, 44 No, I’m not,” sho ausworerl biarely, though hor lips quiverod as Bho spoke. “ At least,” correcting herself, for aho had never felt as sho did now, and was not very euro what might happen next, 44 at least, not quite, I shull bo b9ttcr in a little, I daro say,” 44 Ah, tho bmto rollod right over you several times. However, I hopo you will fool more liko yourself iu a fow mmuics. You’ve had an ugly shaking,” 44 Thanks, ’ Bho ropliod. 44 You’ro all so kind to me, and I hate myself for making such an absurd fuss, hut I think I shall do now,” She tiled to raise horielf upon her elbow as 6he spoke, but tho movement caused bucIi dis comfort she was glad to desist from the effort. •4 Give her a drop of bramly," suggested one. 44 Undo her habit,” said n second. •* Loosen her collar,” advised a third. 44 Cut her stay aco ” hazarded a fourth. 44 Stand her up.” oxelaimcd a fifth ignorant hilt well-intentioned onlooker. 14 Ho nothing of tho sort, gentlemen,” said Colonel Clinker, decidedly. 4‘ Let tho lady havo pleuty of air, and don’t all crowd round her together. She wants to bo loft quito still for a bit, and allowed to remain whoro she is a fow minutes until sho comes round. In fact,” ho added, with a keener insight into Kate's probable wishes than was possessed by tho rest-' of tho assembled company, “I really hardly know if it is necessary to detain you any longer. It’s a pity for you all to lose your sport, and I will remain witli tlio youuglady. I fccUuro she would rather you lest no more “Oh, yes!” interrupted Kate, 44 it makes mo quite uulmppy that so many pooplo should, have their fun spoilt on my account. Please go.” Thus adinomshed, oue by one the little crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker waa the solo member of it left. 441 wish you’d go too,” stid sho, directly they found themselves nlouo, with a remnant of her old pride. 44 I’ve been quito bother ouougb ns it is, and I dureaay Stirrup will np. pear before very long. I don’t the least mind being left alono, aud I cau’t boar tho idoa of your not seeing the finish of so good arun.” 44 Hounds aro miles away by tUis time,” he auswered iulifferently, “ and though I admit it wax a good run, it is by no means tho first, and, please God, by ua moans tho last I shall take part in. So don’t vex yourself about that. I’m notaltogotber such a selfish Bavuge as.to leave a lady all by hersolf in circura9tauces liko ths prosout.” Ho hesitated for one moment, and then added, *‘ esnociully you,” Sho could not have told why, b*ut his answer comforiod her. Sho lmd bogged him to leave her, but at tho samo timo b!iq hud not wanted him to go, and now ho disclaimed tho intention of quitting her so peremptorily that sho do feisted from any further persuasion. 44 You aro very good,” sho said once more, 44 aud I supposo you will take your own way, whatever I urge to tlio contrary,” 44 Way ? Why, of courso, I shall ; I’m used to having my own way in everything, ar« you’ll soon find out,” ho answered cheerily. Ilfs ad miratiou for hor cool courage was rising fasb At that moment all thought of fox and hounds had vanished from his mind. His noxt nctiou was to tako off his rod coat, roll it iuto a ball, nml placo it uudor the girl’s bond, “Thoro, that’s batter, is it not r” ho said. 44 Makes a Kort of pillow. Do. von feol cold at all? I wish to .goodness I bad Bomelhing to throw over you and keep you wanp. Aftor all j wap u fool sending thpsofello'wB jpft-fn sq ch n hurry j • but I began (o ba afraid'thoy might annoy ,VOu.^ They moan well, but have not a bit of 44 I’m very'glad you did,” she said with a smile. “Somoof thoir suggestions were posi tively alarming. Hut won’t you catch cold without nay coat?”U: That Blmplo act had tonohed hor woman’s heart, aud prodisposml her raor moro in his favour than all. that had gone before. It testified to a chivalrous and kindly nature. ‘•Not I. Do you think I’m barley-sugar to molt in the sun or tho rain, as the caso may be? But wo must not lot you stay hcio too long, for thoro is such a thing aa rhcumatiBra in this world. Do you think you could get up now if I were to help you a little? Dou’t be in auy hurry, unless you /eel iucliued, only perhaps it may bo wise to make an 44 I’ll try,” she said, submissively, 141 feel much bettor than I did a little while ago.” 44Capital! Tho quiet has done you good after all 1 I have had so many falls of oue sort and another myaelf that I know from ex perience what a rolief it ia, when one is knocked out of time, to bo allowed to lie still for a minute or two. Officious friunda either can't or won't understand that fact, and give you no peaco until they havo haulod you on to your horse again. Often and often have I wished them ull a hundred miloB away.” 41 Talking of liorsos.. what has becorao of roy unfortunate steed ? Has she broken her neck or ruu away.” “Neither, though the former would hut have served hor right for her misdemeanours. She’s not very far off, or likely to wander in her present condition,” Tho Honorable Jack cast an indignant glance over hi9 shoulder at tho unconscious authoretB of Kato’s misfortunes, who, tied to a gate-post, side by side with the good old Snowflake, looked exceedingly wretched and forlorn, boipattored with mud from head to tail, tho crutches of her saddle all dented in, and her coat, stiffening rapidlyfrom the cold air super vouing on lavish perspiration. 41 Tho beast !” exclaimed he, eyoing her with marked disfavour. “I should like to shoot her ou the spot.” | “ Don’t l>o 80 bloodthirsty. What did poor Or loot te do to encompass our downfall, for really I hardly know “I will toll you easily enough, Slio never madetho ghost of ftU effort, or roso ouo ainglo inch, hut juat galloped straight into the fence, caught tlio binder with her chest, and turned a completo somersault into tlio Held. A pretty lady’s hunter!" “ Now, I won't havo you abuso my property, It’s not good manners; bestdts, remember, the poor thing was dead beat, n»4 really was not so much to blame after all. Wo‘ seemed to mo to liavo been galloping tremendously fait, and I don’t somehow think sho’s much of i\ stay dr. She did not give mo the impression.” 11 That I can easily believe, for thoao.toariug, rushing brutes gonorally do .pull themselves out inaomothirig under tweuty minutes, aud oace tlioy begin to blowit’s all up. They rido lilro a lump of load for tho rest of the day. I don’t tumble to that elasB of animal. Nino times out of ton they’re soft, showy, and cowardly. As for Grisotto-r-thut is her name, is it not ’f—you ought not to give her a chanco of repeating her ill-conduct in the future. You stuck to hor liko a brick, and rodo awfully woll, but take my word for it, Bbo’s not a safe animal for any lady to hunt.” “Sliohas hor faults, I admit, hut perfection is terribly hard to find, either in human boinga or in horselleah. Such at least is my export Sho had succeeded in assuming a sitting position, hut still felt unequal to the task of remounting or standing upright. It was, thoreforo, with somo relief she saw Culonel . Clinker’s second horseinou now appear on the scene, .who touching his hat respectfully,! ub if not altogether sure his presence might not i be considered incompatible .with certain orders he had received *•erstwhile/ said in a half. : apologetic, half* explanatory a or to f way— ** Beg pardon, air! but farmer 8mith*eetold me as ’ow you wasn-staylng behind- with a lady os ’admetwith a bad hacciduntv and I took the liborty of ridiug Hqpal. part of the way buck again to aee if r.I could render any assistance. I’ope I acted right,'sir.’* 1 “ Quite right*” answered hi a master, in tones of unqualified approbation, though tho chances woroonany other occasion ’poor Lsatherdalo [ might have received a sovoro reprimand for this breach of discipline. “ And now, Leather* dale, attend to what I say. I want you to go straight to tho inn and toll them to bring a trap immediately, aud to wait at tho cross-road for (1 ranby until I turn up. You know tho place I menu, don’t you V ’ “ Yes, sir, well uigh upon tho old sign-post, ' aforo you come to the seventh milestouo.” “Diactly; and Liutherdalo, don’t forgot to ask for tho loan of a shawl or warm wrap of soino sort or other. Tho young lady is suro to fool chilly after a hit, when the reaction nets in. If they raako any bother about lending it, you can mention my namo and givo^them half-u orown.' Do you understand wlmt l wunt?” I’m to,ordef Mjrapand borrow a shawl, apd' toll ’em to wait till you conic,^air.” “That’s it, and Leatherdale,’’ turning to speak with the man aside, so that Kate might not overhear his final injunctions—“ it's as well to ha on the safe side, Jf you should happen to meet Miss Browser’s groom on the way, or any ono going in the direction of Foxmgton, ask him to call at Dr. Baker’s aud leave a message say ing his servicoa will bo required at Sport Lodge in about an hour's time. I fear there may be some broken bones to sot,” “’Deod, air!' I’m sorry to hear that, sir!” said L?athordalo with ready sympathy as ho rodo off to do his master's biddtng, determined, after tho manner of his kind, that the ill-nows of Mis3 Browser's accident should lose nothing in transmiesion, hut rather gain in point and piquancy. 