SPORTING! NOTES FROM QUEENSLAND. (mou ooe own conaEuroKBEtrr.) BniBBAHii, Sunday. Tho Q.T.O. Itnuoi. Ouo oould not wUb for a more glorlom holi day than that proolalmed in honor of the Prlnoo on Woduonday lout, and In funds or ont of funds tho wholo of Brlnbauo Boomed to turn out for a jollification of ouo sort or au othor. It la roally eurprlalng where all tha monnv nnmnn from on* unnniiiuttH lito thla. but In ap'ito of tho uutvorial deprocuiou it doos oomo from Bomonhoro, aud while tho inajurltv aroorying out about tho 'pinch of advorulty, ' they generally manage to uud tho cash for tos tlvo purposo. Thoro was any quantity of varioty In tho mattor of nport on the holiday, thoro poinu tho raooa at Eagle Farm, tho re gatta in tbo bay, aud any number of private pionio partios, but tho raoes woro, after all, tho principal attraotiou. Eacing ueoma to havo some sort of a magnutio powor ovur tho pooplo, and when important ovonts llko tho Quoonaland Cup aro to bo run thoy roll np in good forco. Unfortuately tho eouond part of tlio mooting waa not got through without uu nleasantuossoa ariaing i but thia waa only to bo oxpoctod after th» muddle mado of tbo start ing on tho Saturday. In tho Hopeful Stakes, which, as ovoryono knows, is tho biggest two year-old racu of tho seaaou, tbo jockeys woro altogether boyo.id tbo startor's con trol, aud tho younjidterH v.'oro tmiod to romaiu at tbo post for moro than an hour beforo thoy woro allowod to go, aud thon thoy wont off in very bad ordor, all but two or 'throo boing loft witbont a ghost of a clmnoo from tho momout tho flag fell. This led to tho fining and suspension of somo of tho boat of our debating aa to whether tho stewards ought to bo bo hard on tho boya, couBidcring tho ox ooptional circumstances of tho case. Tho boya, all of thoin, wero bad undoubtedly, and if any woro punished they should all havo linn,, Vmf. fhntr nvn tilnnnrt {« n. vnrv niulrr position botweon tho owuora, tho publio, tbo startor, and tho Btowards, and whoro n. now mau has to bo appointod temporarily, somo allowance ought purhapa to be mado. The racing began with tho Chesterfield Plato, a mile handioap, for whiolr thirtoon wont out, and Dillon and Acooptod wore made equal favoritoa. Noithor, however, ran up to expectations, aud the winner turnod up in tho big olicsnut colt Zingara, who is by tho Biro of Groygown, from Apology, and who raoed a3 frame as a pobblo to catoh tho Robinson Crusoo filly Ayoshah in tho straight, outting out tho milo in lmin 44 2-Ssoc. iourtoon was the stroneth of tho Hopoful Stakoa field, and in tbo 'bolting nothing caroo near tho Trident colt, Triton, in publio favor. How things would havo panned out had tho Btart bcon anything like a fair one, it is impossiblo to say, but) although evidontly not himself at nil, tho favorito, aftor getting off badly, ran into a placo. As it was, that fino big follow Bocovery, by Phil Atbol from Lydia, a full slater to Lyndhurst, had things all bin own way from the jump, and won vory easily from M.L.A., who was anothor of tho fow lucky onea at the start. Of courso baokora would hear of tbo Cup, and the betting when tho baker's dozen went out waa 3 to 1 eaob v Babel and Musician, 6 Splontlido, 7 Momah, 10 Noondoo, 12 Zingara and Boohe-do-mor, 25 Talkative. Dan OpCounoll and Bobadil, 50 Tho Jow, and 100 Doaoy. And again, howovor, tho sup portors of the favorites wero doomed to disap to sqneozo into a place, Babol was a beaten horso aftor they had gone tho first furlong. What was tho matter with tho Captain's horses it iB imponsiblo to say for certain, but thoro have boon rumors that both Babel and Triton wero got at%y Borne scoundrel on tbo night beforo, and tho appoarance of the horsoa did not irivo the lio to tueae rumors, for they ? wore a long way from being right. Babol novor onco showod any pace in tbo Cup race, nud had to bu riddon to koep noor the front for tho first mile, bo that oven granting ho oonld not under any oiroum stancea get two miles, his form hero was altogether wrong, and this was provod by his running on tho lost day of tho mooting. Tho little Grand Flanonr muro Memah helpod Bobr.dil to inako the running for the first milo, attor which Zingara went on iu front, and carved it out in groat style to within a quartor of a milo of tho post, whon that won dorful little bii of stuff, Sploudido, who for tbo moat of the journey had boon at the tell end of tho Sold, run up to him iu a fow strides, tiYiil \nnriinrr liim wiimd fVin turn nntnn tnfn'Hio fortably enough by a couple of lengths. Zingara run a groat oolt to get second, and had his owner not foolishly put up noarly a stono overweight tho horao would probably havo won. The official timo for the two miloa was given at 3min 34seo, bnt private watches mado it 8min o2£seo, a really wonderful por formanco for a little maro like Splondido, with 9st 21b on her baok. The Cnp rsoo ovor, thoro vruR not muoh lntoroat in tho remainder of tho racing. The Tally-Ho Plato, two railoa, over the nmall fencea, introduced a. fino junipor in the outsider Dypyrhus, a Olaronce Eivor gelding, who, ridden Dy J. Patterson, wag pnllinp; hard nil tho way, and wou a3 though bo was doing an oxeroifio gallop by himself, iu 4min 2Jsoo for tho journoy. Vizier added anothor selling race to his orodit by beating Ednn. by a head aftor n groat battle in the Birthday Stakoa j ond that beautiful gentleman, King Olaf, although as big as a prizo hog, made hacks of Dan O'Coimell, Cllnkor, Criohton, Vern Spcs, and Coooo in tho AU-agod Plato, coming away in the straight and beating Dan three length!) In lmin 43aoo for the milo, a rattling good go. Tho unlucky jockoys in the Hopeful Stakna were Frank Smith, W. M'C'ube, and E. Eogers, who wero oaoh fined £o, and M. Walsh, who was fined jfilO, and all were Biifipouded from riding for threo months. This dooiaion was announced after the Cnp race Tho fine weathor continued tbrotmhont Thursday, but n. terrifio thunderstorm uahorod Friday in, and it rained moro or less All tho day, making the oourao terribly wet. Tho good Inoc which stuck to tue leading club was not, however, going to dosert it at the last moment, and ti delightful westerly drove all the olonds nwavon Friday night, handod In a beautiful morning for tho last day's raoin£, and wout a loiip way towards drying np tho oourftft. Thoro was not fiuch a lar^e fitton-, dance at Tbo i'lirm yesterday , but this was not to bo oxpooted on an off day, and tho fivo thousand or no who holpod to mako m&ttors; look bright and brisk mado up a vory rospec tablo crowd. There was nothing liko the troublo with tho starting that thore wafl on Cud Day, and the reunion wound up in a vory satisfactory manuor, with good IloldB, good racing, fair bottiug, and no more unpleasant interferences. Bobadil waa the ehot-blrd for the Toorabul Plate, run ovor 7 furlongs, but ho suffered defeat in tho last stride by a littlo ohesnut horao numcd Orator, who hails from the Riohraond, aud whoso owner thought bo littlo of his chaiino that he allowod him to go out totally nnbankoil. Only two luoky 'uim wont ou his number on tho tote, and tho in voatmcut turned out very romuiiorativo, aa the dividond was tho largost ovor paid in Quoonsland, iu tipito of tho \2\ por oolit. do duotlon— .£159 5b. Tho courso was still heavy, and it took the wiunor lmin 34JROO to run tho sevon furlongs. Thoro was no botttng, or nt least ro tho bookies said, over tho Oxloy Nnrsory Handicap, tho distance of whioh waa tbo sumo as that in tho Hopoful Stakon. Thoro woro twolvo startora out of tho flftoon namod, tho withdrawals boiug Triton, Trentoln, and Expoatation. Eooovory wna i;ivon 9st 51b, and was acratohed aa soon aa tbo woighta camo out. Tho bovs this timo gave littlo or no trouble at tho poat, and tho flag fell aftor a fow falao trios to a »tmKEling aturt. Trcutrose and M.I, .A. madnthopaco to tho turn, whoro thoy had bad onongh, and placo up tho ntraight, tho bay filly Imporntrlx, by Lord Salisbury out of Eoalm'a dam, ?quoozing homo a winner half-a-leugth from Darroll and Capri.ito, In tho alow timo of lmin 8»eo. Five to two Babol, 4 to 1 Zingara, 0 to 1 Triddntato, 8 to 1 Musician, any prico tho others for tlio Sandgato Handicap. 1J milo, allowed what tho baolora still thought of the disappointing poldinir. And thev woro not wroiij;, lor although evidontly not yet ro covered from whatoror had boon ailing him, ho ran a (rood raoo, and fought llio finish out to a dond heat with Zinpini. Tho Ipnwich horae, La Orange, was a good third, And tho timo tnkon to run tbo ton furlon;!* wa» 2min l(ll-5aeo. Thsownnrgiigrood to divide. Kicht Btartod for tbo Mntropolitan Htnoplecliaso, ano.ii ?- miiCR, and olu urummor wtui lliorno^t fancied, boing backed down to ovens, whiio Criterion, from tho namo atablo, was quoted at fours. Matchlock and Sllvitrnhot baulked at tho llrit obuUoln, and nftor tbo otliora bad gono half tbo Jonrnpy thoro. woro only tho favorilo nnd Critorion and First Light loft with Miy show. Thn favorito who In troublo half a mile from homo, and tho pnoo at which Criterion wna taking him along brought Flrnt Light to ffricf at tho tUrao^furlonso hurdlo, and Critorion oiuitorud in in front of Drummer, old Iukorman, who had beon plodding along in the roar, finianinp; third, a eouplo of hundred yards off. Another oraall aurpriso waa In etoroin tho Stanley Plato, w.f.a., 1 milo and a furlong. Tho Cup winner, Splcndldo, waa at uvona when tho flag foil, while Bahol wa3 at 6 to i, and Tbo King at two's. Babol, still on tho improvo, got off in front and waa never headod, although tho mare run up to him a quarter of a milo from tho post. A fitrango horaoman being on hor baok waH thought to bo tho oauso of hor disposition to run wldo at tho straight cutranoo, but it ia doubtful if Eho could have beaten Bubel undor other conditions, for when be Ia roally Babol ho oan mako hooks of anything here, oxocptinjr perhaps King Olaf, ovor anything np to a mile and a quarter. Tho King carried a ponalty, which raised his weight to Oat 101b, and under thin bo did remarkably woll to got Booond. The othors — Saturn, Noondoo, Dan O'Conuoll, and Cooeo — wero nevor in it. Only ono race now romainod to finish np the moot ing, and this, tho Fresidont'B Handioap, ono milo, was won without muoh troublo by that cood little bit of Btnff Memah, by Grand Flaneur, who or.mo with a wot Bail at the right end, and soorod an easy victory from Clinker and tho favorito, Accepted, in lmin 13 1-5 boo for the mile. Good bnsinoss was done by the Challonge totaliantor machines throughout tho threo days, tho total sum put through being little short of X15.000. Thia (rfvoa tho olub about £1200 after paying for tho work ing of tho machines, and the ooffors of the Treasury benefit by tlio totalisator tax to the tuno of about £350. ' A 1'opular Jookcy Killed. It is my sad duty to ohroniale the death, of our most promising boys— poor littlo Edgar Eoccoro. The lad was in tho boat of health nnd SDiritu on Friday morning, whon nt daylight ho went Into the box occu pied by the two-yoar-old Spldor, to finish dressing tho colt boforo taking him to tho traok. Ho waB hoard to «ay, ' Stand ovor,' and li ia promniod that ho struck tho oolt with the brnah, for immodintoly a groan and & fall woro heard, and tho boy waa found lyinir^ against the wall, with blood rnnninc from hia mouth. Ho was in a acmi consoious state, and was upoodily conveyed to tho boapitnl, where all that waa possible was done to savo his lifo, but from the firat the doctors held out no hopoa, as it wan patent to them that poor Edgar had been klckod fair in tho stomach, and that some of tho internal organs had boon rupturod. The boylingorod till 5 o'olook yoatorday, when ho pasacd dcarost friends, who had remained by his bed Bide all night. Eogors was not yet 20 voars of ago, and everyono who knew him is stricken to the heart at hia sad nnd untimoly end, for ho was ono boy in a thousand, an ornament to hia profession, and a littlo gentloman in every florae of the'word. His death will bo n torriblo blow to hia poor old mother, for hor littlo son was hor main support, and hia fato will bo regretted deeply for many a long day to come. Tho funeral took plaoo this afternoon, and itu very largely attanded. Tho oofiln con taining all that romainod of thoir dear comrade was oarrled by four of tho jockeys, behind the hoarpo, nnd thoro was a largo following of lads dressed in jookoy co3tume. Somo boantifnl wreaths of flowors wero sont, and the saono at tho gravesido was touching ia the extreme, whoro many tears woro shod. . Frank Smith, who rodo tho winner of tho Queensland Cup, wan prosontod on Oup night at Fillis's oirono with a modal, purchased for the occasion by the show proprietor. 