THE COST OF MODERN PE&OE.; Peace reigns to-day in Europe, as "order" once "reigned" in Warsaw;; and the satire concealed in each state incut is equally obvious. The " peace " | which broods over Europe to-day has nothing pastoral about it. It will inspire j no poet. It docs not in the least suggest any " golden age," past or future. It is j an " armed" peace, bristling with bayonets that visb in ever-thickening lattalions, like the spears of grass, on an Australian plain after the spring rains. There is food, indeed, for infinite medita tion, of a perplexed and tragical wort, on the stupendous precautions which the great nations of- die Continent flunk it necessary to take against each other. War is supposed to be costly, wlth fta arrest of industry, its waste of life, its destruction of cities and of fleets. Butnowars known to history, from those of Arm.*. aud Ghekgis Khan down to the' fiMt Napo i.Eox, levied fines.so enormous on the resources of nations as dpes the iron peace which, at the cost of turning every adult male in continental Europe into a soldier, is maintained in'the Old World. France closed the fatal war of1870-1 by conceding two provinces to Obrmany and Paying a fine of 5,000,000,000 francs. say £200,000,000 sterling. There have been twenty-one years of f peace " since then, and during these happy years Prance lias actually spent die almost incredible sum of £720,00(>,pi)0 sterling in prepara tion for war 1 Thj^vefjy ' peace " which B^anoe;' enjoys, !■ Ibat is, costs her every. eeven yeare a vaster sum tlurn the * stupendous- war indemnity which lier victorious and hjfldess^ foe extorted from her in tire Fhen he exacted leved, in his own brutal phrase, that he bleeding France "to the white." But mho- then Prance has expended more three audi a half times tW amount which Bismarck wruug from her. 111 preparations for a war of revenge. The scale to which modern armies have grown might well perplex the ghosts of all the great generals of history, from Alexander the Great down to Wellington, for they never dreamed of such hosts. The modern Continental system of universal military service makes eveiy adult healthy male during the prime of his life a i soldier, three years being actually spent 111 .the barracks. The German experts reckon that the French military system will yield 4,053,000 trained soldiers. Russia is grinding her sons into potential food for slaughter on an even greater scale, and her generals will have the disposition of 4,556,000 men. Germany, thus, is liable to* a simultaneous attack on both ; frontiers by military forces amounting in the aggregate to 8,000,000' men. This is u prospect which might have shaken the serene - and steadfast courage of Moltke himself. To meet it .German Statesmen have brought forward their new Military Bill, which represents the very last turn of the conscription screw. All exemptions from military service are to bo swept away, and 70,000 more recruits are to be crowded yearly into the barracks. The. period of service under the colours is to be slightly abridged,tut "the entire male population of Germany js to defile through the / barrack-gates, aim \ spCnd from two to', three Jflje barrack drill-ground. \ The.result when tlie new system is fully developed will-be to bring up the fighting strongth qf. Germany to 4,400,000 men, thus reaching the level of France, who, it is calculated, "has " reached the last limits of her ability to " increase her fighting strength." France, however, has a population of only 38,000,000, as against Germany's 50,000,000; and the tension must be much greater in France than in Germany. The new German Army Bill provides for enormous additions of war material, land adds £4,000,000 sterling to the ! existing war budget of £20,000,000. 'This is to be met by new duties on ! tobacco, salt, and beer, and it increases . the burden of taxation to a point which ! perplexes German statesmen, and makes ' Socialism spread like a conflagration. It is impossible not to speculate on the j character of the next war, when it arrives, j The armies will be on a scale which may ! well drive the generals themselves to | despair. For what single human brain is capable of controlling the movements of ail army which, in numbers, resembles a flight of locusts, aud which, by mere bulk, must cover the whole area of a pro vince, and require the territory of a decent-sized state for its evolutions ? These hosts, moreover, so overwhelm ing in numbers, will be armed with implements of destruction which might move the envy of Milton's fallen angels in their assault on heaven. France has just tried, on a small scale and on the bodies of the King of Dahomey's Amazons, the efficacy of her new Lebel rifle. The Amazons made their attack in the early dawn, and the Lebel rifle, when fairly turned upon them, resolved the charging hordes into "a regular human " hash," to quote the almost too graphic phrase of the delighted French authori ties. " The effects of the Lebel bullet," it is declared, " are a revelation to cvery " one." They passed through solid trees as through pats of butter, and acted on human bodies with the rending force of exploding shells. Each nation in turn lias its favourite rifle, which it hopes ( will shoot faster, and further, and with more dreadful effect than the rifle of its enemy. The rifle is, of course, only a toy as compared with the machine guns, the huge rifle1 cannon, which caiij actually fling a shell over the summit of j Mont Blanc or drive a conical ball through twenty feet of cement aud brick work faced with twelve inches of solid iron. The next great war, when it breaks out, will plainly be a peril to civilisation itself. The days of " war " with limited liability," too, are past; and who can imagine the indemnity, in the shape of surrendered provinces and uncounted gold, which, say, a victorious France will extort from Germany, bleed ing, defeated, and hopeless? The very scale to which modern war has grown, and the tremendous risks it involves, make responsible statesmen, of course, more eager for peace. The Emperor Wfr.Hnr.if gave the signal for the great War of 1870-1 by flashing along the Wires to Jris waiting generals a single word. Bufc who dare whisper the syllable to'day which would set* perhaps 10,000,000 soldiers armed with weapons of unknown range on the march ? It would bo like giving the signal for the explosion not of oneKrakatoa but of a hundred, and yet the risks of war are almost too much lor h»rr>n.n courage, the actual burden of peaoe—of the " armed " quality which at present prevails—is almost too much for human .endurance. ' A general diuaniia ment would practically add t>vo years of working life to every adult male on the European continent, and would turn into channels of peaceful industry a gigantic river of gold, now running to mere wasto in the creation of fortresses, guns, ironclads, and all the terrific parapher nalia of war. The vast armaments of modern states | may be looked upon as mere premiums | paid for safety. The right to exist can I only be purchased at this amazing cost. How fortunate are we in these sunny J landB that, dwelling in safety under " the " blood-red" flag of tlie motherland, we escape the enormous war taxes of the Old World 1 