Whose Was the Hand? By Miss Braddon, Am&ux; of 'Lady Audley's Secret/' &c; CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) ' If you -would rather go on living in the Rue St. Guillaume,' he said, 'I won't interfere.' 'I detest the Eue St. Guillaume,' replied Dolores petulantly, so the Italian villa in the Avenue deEeiffschossen -was bought, and Dolores ?was allowed to furnish the new house after her own tancy, and without any consideration of ; cost. Only in one matter did her husband exer- j cise his authority, and that was in the choice of ] the household. All the servants were engaged by j him at an office in Paris ; but he allowed Louise i Marcet to assist him in his choice, and to be pre- ! gent during the negotiations. She was to be housekeeper in the new villa, having shown a talent for management and economy in the Rue St. - Guillaume. Madame Qurjada was j ?Uowed to choose her own suite of apart- ! (Pants on the ground floor, in a wing | beyond the principal rooms, which were vestibule, I dining, and billiard room. Dolores had her t boudoir, bedroom, dressing, and bath-room on the upper or noble floor, while her husband had a corresponding set of rooms on the same floor. There were two small rooms at the back of the house, divided only by a narrow passage from the euite occupied by Dolores, and these were appro priated to Madlle. Marcet, as sitting room and bedroom. A servants' staircase at the end of the passage brought her in close rapport with the oilices below, and enabled her -do exercise a useiu surveillance upon the household. Tha servants bedrooms were on an upper storoy, almost hidden by the classic ornamentation of the roof. An open loggia divided the apartments of the master and mistress of the house, and formed a means of communication in summer time, and a neutral ground where husband and wife might meet -in their idle hours. Dolores was full of plans for decorating this- loggia in an Oriental style, so soon as spring and summer should revisit the kind. A Parisian winter did not promise much enjoyment from an open loggia, however architectural and Italian. The installation in the villa took place very quietly, though both mother and daughter had suggested a ball, of' at least an evening party, in honor of the pendaison de la cremaiUere. Perez reminded them that they knew scarcely half a dozen people in Paris, and asked where their guests were to come from if they were to give a party. ' Madame Perez has only to hold up her finger in order to fill her salon,' replied Madame Qui jada, with dignity, ' or, in other words, you have but to say to one of the best known Parisians at your club, ' My wife is going to give a party, and I want you to send out two or three hundred cards of invitation on her part,' and the thing is done. We shall give music, supper, and wines that people will talk of for a week ; and after that everybody in Paris will want to ceme to the Villa Perez.' ' A very excellent way of squandering money, and courting- discomfort,' answered Perez, tardily. ' I bought the villa for my wife and myself, not for all Paris.' ' I foresee that we .?'-all be as dismal here, as we were in the Kue St. Guillaume,' sighed Madame Quijada, who did not forego a mother-in-law's privileges of say ing disagreeable iidngs. Finding that society was still forbidden fruit, Madame Quijada sank into a slough of sen suous pleasures, and rejoiced in the luxurious surroundings, her daugter's cordon bleu, and her son-in-law's wine cellar. She began to regard the midday dejeuner and the 7 o'clock dinner as the two chief events of the day. She did ample justice to the produce of Burgundy and Bordeaux, nor did &he; ever forego the dainty goblet of Chartreuse or Curaeoa, which marked the close of the meal — a miniature g-oblet from which Titania herself might have drunk, only Titania would hardly have refilled the glass so often. In the afternoon Madame Quijada en joyed her siesta in true Spanish fashion. Id the evening she was more alert, and played ecarte with her daughter for small stakes, which she generally won. If Dolores would not play there was always the sowfi-e -dovZeur Louise, who had the whole charge of the household on her shoulders, and who had to please the three people who constituted the family. Madame Quijada had given over the entire duty of housekeeping to her niece, and rarely rose from her easy chair except to drive out in her daughter's Victoria, or go to a theatre in the luxurious coupe, when Perez was disinclined to escort his wire. Nothing had been heard of Leon since his dis appearance, and his aunt's most earnest hope was that she would never see his face or hear his name again. There were episodes in her life which she wanted to forget, now that she had attained to that respectability which wealth can pive in a moment to the most doubtful antece dents. It was in search of oblivion that she filled End refilled the little Venetian goblet after de jeuner or dinner; and there were times when she felt that all the Chartreuse the good menks ever distilled would hardly be strong enough to drown certain haunting memories. Perez Peru noted his worthy mother-in-law's indulgence in the pleasures of the table, and re marked upon it to his wife. ' If you don't look after her better, she'll take to drinking/' he said one evening, as they drove to a boulevard theatre, leaving Madame Quijada sitting opposite Louise at the little card table, with flushed cheek and glittering eye. ' Bah, if she has just une pointe now and then It can't matter,' replied Delores, carelessly. ' Her dinner is the only thing that amuses her. You won't let us give parties, or know any amusing peoplet Tbu have banished even the poor old Duturques. They were dull, ). ^i they were alive, tod were better company than chairs and tables. 'You -are very ungrateful^ Doloresi' Perez answered, with a piteous loak. ' I have refused you nothing, except to change myfeianner of life. I have always loved solitude, and hated strange faces. I should not be a millionaire if I had not possessed the power of self-concentration, of living on my own thoughts.' 'But now you are a millionaire — and three times a millionaire — yon ought to enjoy life.' ' To enjoy life is to live quietly with you — to have you all to mvself , not to see von surrounded with young people, who would despise your old husband, and teach you to despise him. You talk about giving balls, Dolores. Can you not conceive what torture it would be to me to see you dancing--with young men — handsome, fascinating, unprincipled, relentless in their pursuit of the women they admire ? Men who would talk of you at their clubs, compare you with the vilest of your sex, discuss your every charm — lay wagers about you — as to who should be your favored lover, and how soon you could be persuaded to dishonor your husband. I could not endure to see you admired, knowing what admiration means among the young libertines I meet at my club. You cannot understand what an old man's love is, Dolores — how jealous, how exacting. You forgot how poor a recompense age ever gets for its devotion to youth.' 'I don't mean to be ungrateful,' Dolores answered, with a deep sigh, and then she turned her head away from her husband, and studied the passing carriages, the flaneurs upon the broad asphalt pavement, the glitter and splendor of the shop windows — 3hops that seemed designed only for the accommodation of millionaires. She was going to the theatre in all her glory of jewels, diamond stars in her hair, a necklace of single stones, each gem worth a rosterJs dower, diamond serpents in single, double, and treble coils winding up her slim, round arm. She wore a simple, evening toilette of some black gauzy material, but the Chantilly lace upon her gown was only second in value to the gems on her neck. When a beautiful young woman marries age and -ugliness the least she can do to assertthe claim 8 of beauty is to spend her husband's money royally. The' theatre was the Ambign, where a new comedy of Sardou's had just made a hit, and where all Paris was crowding nightly. Dolores was amazed when she found that the box (her husband had secured for her was only a small one on the pit tier,, where neither her beauty nor her diamonds could be adequately seen. He had his old fancy for these shadovry little boxes, where it pleased him to hide his enchantress from the vulgar eye, but in spite of' these jealous precau tions Madame Perez was already -known and talked about as la belle aux diamants. 'Tier husband's reputation as a triple million aire gave a special interest to her jewels. Peonle gloated upon gems which might have cost half a million if Perez pleased. He could have spent half a million, reduced, his fortune by a sixth, without feeling any poorer. ' Ha could make as much in a week if he chose to start a new mine,' said the flaneurs of the Bourse. ' He has but to write a prospectus, and the money pours in like water. He has a Golconda in his inkpot.' While Perez and his wife were laughing at Sardou's biting wit, Madame Quijada was win ning Louise Marcetfs half-francs by her astute and studied play. Louise took no interest in the game — indeed, hated all games of cards — and only played as ag-art of her duty in that house where she was ite shadow of everybody else's sunshine!/. . \'' . ^theynad played nearly an hour and a half when the elder woman threw down the cards with an impatient sigh, instead of dealing them. JjWe have played long enough for to-night, Louise ; I am tired of winning such miserable oktuies. How ghastly the silence of this liouse *b « Nothing1 but the tick, tick, tick of that clock on tbo : xaaBtolpieoet and the crackling of the logs noj^and then. You may got me a finger of fine champagne. 1 feel very low to-night, This house iskilling me.' ' You ought to be much easier in your mind no* .that your daughter has been placed in an honorable position — now that your conscience is at peace upon her account,' said Louise, gravely. 'My conscience! Don't preach to be about conscience. I have done with all superstitious bugbears. I finished with them before I left Marseilles. I have never entered a church since my marriage. I was over-dosed with religion in my girlhood. I married a clever man, who soon taught me to laugh at the old fables.' '?'And were you happier, do you think, for abandoning the old pathways :-' asked Louis-3, gravely, arranging the cards, with her eyelids cast down, as if she hardly liked to meet her aunt's eyes while she spoke of sacred things. ' Happier ! Happy — happier — happiest J Those are idle words, child. I don't believe anybody is happy. I don't believe in the existence of happi ness.' ' Oh, you are wrong, aunt! There are mo ments, hours, days in this life perfectly and beautifully happy — days to which one looks back afterwards as to a dream of Heaven — days to which one looks forward -after death, hoping that God will give us back that happiness in Heaven. Those brief days are balanced by long years of misery ; but they have been — they have been. There is nobody on this earth who has not once been happy. The word is not an idle invention.' ' Well, I suppose I was happy in my time — happy that Easter night when Quijada followed me home from the church door, and talked to ine. while my mother -walked on ahead with my elder sister, your mother, little suspecting that I had an admirer making love to me under cover of the darkness. He was only clerk to an avoue, but those who knew anything about him said that he was one of the cleverest young niGn in Mar seilles, and as my parents were only small shopkeepers they -iid nut make many objections to my marrying him. We had only a couple of rooms to Sve in, and 30f a week to live unon, but it was all bright enough for the first year ; and then, and then, I found out things abonfc my clever young husband. There was more money, but it wasn't come by very honestly, and we had to leave Marseilles one night in secret, never to go back there. We came to Paris, of course — everybody comes to Paris — and Dolores was born in a little street near St. Germain I'Auxerois, where sve struggled on somehow — till the end came for my husband, the bitter, cruel end. Are you ever going to get me that mouthful of cognac ?' ' Yes, yes, aunt, but indeed you would be better without it ?' ' How dare yon dictate to me ? I am sick and faint with thinking of my wretched past. Get me some cognac this instant !' Louise left the room and returned with a tiny carafe, and Titania's Venetian goblet. She did ali she could to discourage her aunt's growing propensity for alcohol, bnt she was only a dejjen dent. She might remonstrate, but she was com pelled to obey. ?'He was arrested at a low d.incing place, among men and women of the vilest character, men who were like bad women, -women wio were ljJ:^ vicious men,' pursued Madame Quigada, eagerly helping herself to the cognac witft a tremulous hand. ' ' Why dwell upon those bygone troubles ? I know all the sad story.' ' It does me good to talk — anything is. better than the silence of this ghastly room — white and gold — so white, so cold antl cheerless, like a room meant for ghosts. It is a relief to talk of what I suffered in those days. He was arrested for robbery, swindling, a long series of frauds, and he was taken to prison. I never saw him alive atrain. He hanged himself at daybreak, within two hoars of his arrest, hanged himself with a silk handkerchief npon the iron bar of the prison-grating before he had been even examined by the juge d'instruetiGn, and before his gaolers thought it necessary to take any special precautions against suicide.' 'Yon were much to be pitied, aunt,' said Louise, quietly, putting away the neat little boxes of cards. She had heard the story of her aunt's marriage very often of late, for Madame Quijada had grown more loquacious in proportion as she indulged in alcohol. She did not talk of these things to Dolores, who had been brought up in ignorance of her father's character, had indeed been brought up to believe that the defunct Quijada was the scion of a noble Andalusian family, whereas the lawyer's clerk of Marseilles was the son of a pettifogging lawyer, and the name Quijada had been only adopted by Dolores's mother when she went to Madrid. She found the name in a volume of Cervantes which she opened at random. ' Oh, I have had a dreadful life, Louise. I have been surrounded by criminals,' cried Madame Quijada, after two or three little glasses. ' Don't talk of it, aunt,' repeated her niece, with a sudden vehemence. ' You ought to be wiser than to talk to me of the past, knowing how much I have suffered — knowing that I shall never cease to suffer from that bitter memory, that the very presence of that man in the room stifles me. I cannot breathe when he is near me. I feel as if I must fall upon him and Mil him, as he killed ? ' 'Hush, hush !' cried her aunt, looking appre hensively towards the door. ' You are right. We ought never to talk of the past. It is danger ous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be praised, we have not heard of your brother for six months. We may never hear of him again.' ' Ah, I always dread him most after an interval of absence. He will reappear as he has reap peared before — or, if not, we shall read of some crime that has been committed in some foreign city, and we shall know that it is his work. He has neither heart nor conscience. Can I ever forget, do you think, how he killed the man I idolised — the best and most generous of men? Can I ever forget how lie used my name — name for evermore hateful to me— as a lure to draw that good, brave man to his death ? And yet be dares to come into a room where I am — he dares to offer me his hand, red with the stain of murder !' ' You have no right to fix that crime upon your brother,' Madame Quijada exclaimed angrily. 'There is nothing to identify him with the murder, absolutely nothing. Your name might be used by anyone. The unfortunate man may have talked about you, boasted of his conquest in the presence of bis servants— of some French or Italian butler perhaps, who, being in the house, -would know all his master's intended movements, and all about the money which was to change hands that day. Servants are often agents conscious or unconscious-i-in the crimes that mystify everybody. You have no right to asso ciate Leon with that crime.' « I have the right of my own conviction. I know as well that it was his hand that struck the blow as if I had been standing by when the mur der -was done. I have no doubt about the mur derer. What 1 Tra,nt to find out is the identity of the murderer's accomplice — before God and man as guilty as the murderer himself. Who was the middle-aged woman who met Robert Hatrell in the street, and asked him to go to Antoinette Morel's deathbed? Who was the woman who used that lure? Who was the elderly french women who changed the English bank-notes on the Riviera? Canyon answer me those questions, aunt, you whose bread I have eaten— the bitter bivn.fl «f dp,nerr!«nefi— an«i whose slave 1 hay een since my illness left me unable to grapple with the outside world? I have been afraid'to live anywhere else — afraid to be among other people, lest in some moment of dark thought I should betray my brother. He is of my own ? blood, and I have sworn to myself never to giv/B him up to justice.' , ] '* Give him up !' cried her aunt, contempts- { ousiy. 'Why, you have cot one shred of proof j against him. There is nothing but your own ^ brain-sick fancies to «ionnect your brother -with , that English man's death. You are toqu~re, child, ^ about Robert Haiieli. Your poor brain has , never {jot over the fover that your sick fancies T brought upon ycu ; and one ought to be patient , with you, and let joa talk any silly nonsense you 4 like. Luckily ior your brother, the police are not' - influenced by hysterical women. They want , facts, hard facts; and there is not one fact fcs \ connect your brother, Claude. Leon Morel, witl? - the orimo in Denmark-street.' j 'Or you wit!}, the mysterious accomplice,' said t Louise. ' PerEaps not. Yofc if that is so, why ( did you both cfcange your names within a month ( of the murder? Why was 1 made to change my ( name from Morel to Marcet. and to . assume my ^ second baptismal name in place of my first ?' . ' Yonr brother had made himself notorious I during the Commune. He was not included in 3 the amnesty, and he could net return to France in , his own name. He was supposed to have beeu ( shot with the others at Satory. His resurrection ^ would have been dangerous.' 3 ' Say that tho false name meant nothing ; bat : bow do you account for the sudden r.hange f roir. . poverty to wealth ? You and I were living in a» j attic in a wretched dirty street in one of the , shabbiest, dreariest quarters of that great wilder- J ness of brick, where wo had taken ' refuge after , the tronblos here. One day you disappeared ', without telling me where you were going, leav- . ing me just a line to say yon were going away '? ?upon business and might be some time away. : You left me penniless, except for the pittance * , I was ablo to earn by working for a ' ; Jewish tailoring house ; cruel work, which wore ' my lingers to the boua. Tou had been gone a . week when I heard some women in the court ' where I lived talking of a murder. I could jusi ' understand enough English then to know what ' they were talking about, but I listened hoedlesslv enough until I heard the namo of Hatrell— not ' pronounced as I pronounced it, yet a great horror ( came over me at the thought that it might : be the same name. It was not ho who was ; in-ordered, I told myself. I was an idiot to be ; bo disturbed by fear, and yet I could not com- , mand myself or keep calm while I questioned 1 the women. They couldn't tell me who the \ murdered man was — only that his name was ' Hatrell. They said if I wanted to know more I ] had better buy a newspaper. I rushed out into the street like a mad woman, and it seemed to me \ as if I should never find a shop where they sold ; newspapers, though there were hundreds of shops ; in the long busy street. At last I found a tobac- ? ; conist's where there were a lot of newspapers ' stuck in a rack against the doorway. I took three ' of them, haphazard, and gave the shopkeeper the ] last 3d I had in the world — the pence that were to have bought food for the day. I hurried '' back to my garret as fast as my feet would carry ' me. I thought more than once that I should fall : down in the street, for my knees seemed to give ? way under me. I would not trust myself to look '. at the papers till I was safe in my own hole, like ' a wounded animal ; and then I bolted my door, ' and sat down upon the bare boards, and unfolded one of the newspapers.' j ' Why go over all this old ground, Louise ? A , little while ago you reproached me for dwelling ? on the past ; and now you are harping upon old Bores. You have told me the story often enough.' ( Louise had begun to pace the room in an ' agitated manner as she talked; while Madame - Quijada sank deeper into her luxurious arm- ' chair, and sat there looking up at her niece ' with an awe-stricken countenance, as if she had ' been Nemesis. Time was when she would have : puc down all such speech as this with a high - hand; but the growing habit of brandy and ( chloral had weakened her energies. She who '- once held so firm a mastery over daughter and niece was now powerless to control either. , ' I will talk of these things. You have ' kept me long enough in miserable si- ? lonce and submission. I have been your , drudge — not because I feared you, or valued the home you have given me — but because I care ; aothing for my life, and would as soon be a ser- , rant as an empress. But there are times when ike memory of the past is too strons for me. f , want you to know what I suffered while I was alone in that garret. The room comes back to ' me in iuy dreams sometimes with a hideous reality, and I fancy I am sitting there in the hot summer afternoon, stitching, stitching in hopeless , monotony, as if I were a human machine. I must . talk of that hideous past. It is in my mind always ; it is a part of me.' She walked to and fro in silence for a few minutes, and then went on recalling her misery, step by step. ' The first newspaper that I opened was fall of the Denmark-street murder — and the Denmark street murder was the murder of Robert Hatrell. I could read English ranch better than I could speak it, and there was not one word of the wit nesses that escaped me. T saw my own name, and understood that it was tho name of his poor Antoinette -rhich had lured him to the shambles in which he ^as to be killeo. ADd then I knew that the murderer was my brother — my brother whoso face I had not Keen sinoe the first few weeks after we cr-rne to London. I knew that the protended matchmaker in Den mark-street was my brother, and that tbe woman who asked Robert Hatrell to go to the death bed of a girl called Antoinette must be you, and only you. And I knew that bocanse Robert Hatrell had once been kind to me and loved mea littie, per haps, in spite of the difference in our stations, j because of those few happy days of my guihood. j he had been trapped and murdered. It was not i till afterwards that I read about the chanfjing of the notes on the Riviera ; but when I did I knew well enough that the gray -haired Frenchwoman was you. I knew your shifty tricks well enough in the past to know that you would have no diffi culty in disguising yourself and aping tbe man ners of a woman of quality. That was months afterwards, when I was well enough to leave the French Hospital, where I was carried raving j' mad with brain fever after starving in my garret j for nearly a week . trying to work from day break j till dark, and spending sleepless nights of agony, j But for the refuge ' that blessed institution j afforded me, I must have died of hunger in my I garret, or been turned oat of doors to die in tbe j street. My landlord was a cabdriver, and he j had the humanity to put mo into his cab, burnt j up with fever and delirious as I was, and drive | me to the hospital, it here he told them lay story.' ' I sent you money as soon as I had settled at Madrid, where I went, in tho hope of getting help from an old friend.' . ' Yes, your letter telling me to go to Madrid and enclosing tbe money for the journey arrived after I had gone to the hospital. The letter was given ine when I recovered my senses, and when f was able to travel I set out for Spain. In Madrid I found you established in very different quarters to our garret in the Minories. Your old friend had been very generous to you. Yoh who had been nearly starving in London were able to make a very good figure in Madrid, able to send your daughter to a convent- school, you who were living on bread and water before Robert Hatrell was murdered. Do you suppose I ever doubted where your money came from ? I knew from the beginning that it was the price of blood. You called me mad when I refused to eat or drink with you while your prosperity lasted. You laughed at me because I preferred a crust of bread in my garret to your dainty fare. When your money was gone and you were again reduced to poverty my mind was easier, I could better bear to live with you, and then I grew fond of Dolores — she at least was innocent of all evil — and so I learned to bear the life.' ' You are a fool,' muttered Madame Quijada, hastily. ' J have heard all this rodomontade of yours so often that I never think it worth my . while to argue with you. Just give me your arm to help me to my room, before Dolores -and her. husband come home from the theatre. These rheumatic knees of mine will hardly carry me. upstairs without assistance. You are a fool, Louise. You might be a milliner's drudge, toil ing among a lot of other drudges at this day if it were not for your cousin Dolores and me.' : ' I might have been lying at the bottom of the ' .Seine long ago if it were not for Dolores/' answered Louise, gloomily. ' Her love has been the only bond that held me to life.' - (TO BE CONTINUED,^ 