Battle in' the Clouds. Spectral Armies Fighting for are flouer and a Itaif. \----++--- The Paris corresoondent of the "New York Sunday cuy Ieury " says:- ,Considerablo- excitement hbn--been oc-. eosioned near Metz by the appearance of spectral phenomena of a most marvellous character. The phenomenon was first visible on the evening of May 3, 1891, when a num ber of working men passing along the high way observed what at first sight appeared to be a small cloud passing over some meadows near by where they were going. Their curiosity was aroused by the nearness of the cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and spread over a large area, the matter of whioh it was composed gradually assuming the shapes of men, horses, artillery, and all the paraphernalia of actual warfare. The peas ants stood entranced; watching the my steriousephenomenon; and were witnesses to a battle, royal which continued with the most amazing exactitude of military detail for about an hour and a half, when darkness came on, and the spectral shapes gradually melted away. The phenomenon was wit nessed by over 100 people in all, and has wrought such a sensation in the district that quite a panic prevails, it being believed that the apparition is an omen of approaching war beaween France and Germany. A number of intelligent and trustworthy people, including a couple of priests, have come forward and attested to the genuineness of the facts given. Scientific men' are now busy explaining the. causes.of, such appear. ances, wnich they attribute to certain photo. graphic qualities of the trans- atmospheric region, where, they claim, are stored phan toms of everything imaginable that has in habited the globe from Adam down to the present time- where the history of the world is written, or rather represented, spectrally -a limbo of physical creations, which serves as a museum of natural history and anti quities to those who may be able to go there and see it; just such a place as Ruskin, in fact, would consider the ideal Paradise. It is thought that by some refractive qualities of the atmosphere these spectral pictures are made visible to the eye occasionally, but that they are mere shadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to the vision of those who happen to be in certain vicinities at a certain time, and that they have no more meauinA than a mere echo, they being, in fact, echoes of bygone things. The present occurrence is by no means the first of the kind recorded, previous mani fesaations of the kind having, it is supposed, inspired the myths on which the old Hellenic religions were founded'. In some cases spectres of men have been seen whose heads almost reached to the clouds, but this is merely caused by the mag nifying powers of the atmosphere. Scotland. which, by all accounts, is one of the greatest ghost-seeing places on the earth, has had manifestations of a similar kind- one in particular being recorded with great precision, and upon most reliable authority. Tuis took place on a summer's evening in the year 1743, when a servant of Squire Wren, of Wilton Hall, saw a party of horse men pass along the road and disappear up the mountain side., He searched for days in the hope of finding them, but could not even find the footprints of- the horses. When he told his story, the gillid was laughed even out of his own belief in the story. A year later, however, the same man beheld another spectral tableau, and happening to be in the neighborhood of one of his mester's friends, another laird named Lancaster, he asked him to go and witness it. Upon their arrival at the spot where the apparition was visible, several other persons . were already congre gated, and what tney witnessed is described by those who saw them as follows : " The equestrian figures seemed to come from the lowest parts of Souterfell; and became visible at a place called Knott. They then advanced in regular troops along the side cf the fell till they came opposite to Blake Hills, when they went over the mountain, after describ ing a kind of curvilineal path. The pace a; which the figures moved was a regular swift walk, and they continued. to be seen for up wards of two hours, the approach of dark ness alone preventing them from being vis ible. Many troops were seen in succession, and frequently the last but one in a troop quitted his position, galloped to the front, and took up the same pace with the rest. Toe changes in the figures were seen equally by all the spectators, and the view of them was not confied to the farm of Blatehills only, but they were seen by every person at every cottage within the distance of a mile, toe number of persons who saw them amount ing to abouos 26. Toe attestation of these facts, stgued by L nea4ter and Stricket, bears the diate of July 21, 1785. It is, therefore, ?crcely hi sly Ist a.c • tue manifestations wit nesed near tlrs amounted to doything in particular from a propttelic point of vie a, alr thiugh r. rather seunsational statemnent, which eas appeared almuost siouhitaneously, will sl obtl:s mike many think that toe long lookei f.r Europtan war is close upon us. T?:i ,I;a;eiuect is to. the sflcet that a d:ou ment ?--i b-en dtsCosvered -hich forms the bitie of he t:reast between France and P ,-ia, ,i.., w,,cu di-clo-es tue x~c:: man ,t-r Ie whirct G r itany is to be divided up be-On these two pIO wers in case of hbr ne seCi. le arrang -n mnt is that Fr:nce is to a ie Ger-nsisy iii'l' han*in:d, wvilch s b iue-sies to do to re.iinr: er mtlitary tir.stiae, atd ti'utht its o-e of poe~i.me Isilure 1 essa is tu cOissi u'p ,o the c"ee and ero: all doubts hb ur, st?, s1el. Aibongh. on the face of it. sdly , caarrd, t ,is ta'rt is belig -ersost-hv dali:ctaeo by l, aing Froench atd Gtrman Tet lIset o( thie ,BorgiYn, whoucount several p ps?. crtintstihl, ittkes, isnd other nugus, p--io . ille tin irte iml nlsiers of their once I famiis f:msiy, ai·- jut died in poverty and I warr, in a litle Tyuiese village; where his I widrw is recornmen ed to the charrtabie pub. loe in the loce?l nuwipapers. i 1671 ne 0f the B:rgias wa? canoizred by Pip:. C -met I l. ; lec thars a sentury later Don Alberto CO·iuset B .rga. the Ssai;ish Ambassador, was the must hslh,.nr courtier at the Court of Charles VI. it Vietnna. Since then fortune has not emiled upon the Brgias; and the last of the noble race. Baron Frederick Calilso Borgia, who has just left "this mortal life," has been starving for the last 20 yarsre as a poor village photographer. 7'58 