'BOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION r Aotr, trhich t» the wonm—to fiat* no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one eide or the other of this question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health oo both.' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in lhat way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet able limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the star vation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man wbo ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of 'altera- tions and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer bays, 'I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, wby? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In tbe year 1SS9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My rnouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lone their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to i beiu. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down tbe middle and yellow far around it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.1* stances our friend failed to do justice to bis meals. He adds that there was what he colls *' a pricking sensation ' at bis heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times be was attacked with epasms, the agony of which was so severe that tbe sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded ' he says, ' the thought of cat ing, and many a, sennit/ meal /wire / made.. Jot I tea* afraid to eat.' 'After a time I got into a low, weak, something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep. ' What he menus by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, ot course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of some body dear to Mm. Tbis was due, as be intimates, to tbe impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer}, his ouslrung nerves, nod to tbe brain enfeebled by lack of nourish ment. The nicht of this form of illuess is always full of ghosts aud goblins, tJie creature ** With great difficulty,'' he says, *' I stn--k to my work, for I bad a wife aud family dc rndi:*g on me So I struggled on, but what suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. 1 om cy/v no one ftut- tmjfi-.rtd *o murk ax I hare dont.' In the latter statement lie is undoubtedly wrong. One's one pain is one's own, aud is his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the sa*ne wretched experience, only we duu't happen to come in touch *\ith them. Well, the writer tin ally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him lie chauced to road in a book of a case txacfly file his omi having been cured by Mother SeigeFs Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, 'got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafTs, in Woodlesford, and after using ltd content* the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for inc. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) ** --eor^e Hrvr, ** Car Bottom Road, 'Appcrley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order tbat part of tbe worid at least may know how thankful be is and for what A woman in Dublin swallowed a needle two years ago, aud it has ju&t; worked out of her shoulder. 