i|omG(HT: Clashes. lM$ ROYAL COMIC OPERA ,*w^V COMPANY : ' ?' - ??' ^?''??': ?:?'-'? ?;? -~ ~- .:,/:? ? ... y ? Draw Crowded Houses. ? ^ '?; ?' THE GONDOLIERS » ''TO 'REPLACE ' ?;' '??':;^; -';^^MARJORlE.»;V;f'' 't&H; '?,: '? ?? v ;' . ' '£ EeylTal ti«36&'^$% : ?; '::.; miss; jessie lee's^ benefit;- ?^; ? .-iV':':;' ?.'.:!,???'?'''?'??.?, 'Carl'-Hertz.;?.-';:.;:^''...':',' ??'.'. The Empire Company Opeii' To-morrowp-At ? theVGnrrlck^Waltcr .Bentley In New-; ? cnstle— Jlrs.Bernartl Be'erc In Mel-r' ? bourne '-rr'Gttloty. Coiuiiaiiy- 'to ''..., , '?'?'?. 'Appear ' nt^llcrv^MujcstyJs : /, ; i , ?? \ Mjrtt Kemble'S' -Enter-- ? ? ?????''? .'??'-?..:': ?: taluincht— Neiy« biid Vt ; ? ';'_.'; Notes from AH1'; v ': ???.?.?'?.::?.?;.: '.'',''.?»rM!''r S:-.'-'-'..''.- ;.' .' ' 'Marjorie' replaced ..'.La' Cigalo' at Her Majesty's on VVodnosday last, and so far the first night's attendance has been the smallest during its run. Thursday and Fri day there was standing-room only, and on Sntnrday evening that was at a premium. Business is still simply immense, but Mr. Williamson fully intends to act np to his promise and stage all the operas annonnoed forproduotion, so ' Marjorie will betaken off on Saturday next, and '' The Gondoliers ' revived. Wo 'don t know the oast, but imagine that Miss Violet Varloy and Miss Flora Graupner will again- appear as Tessa and Gianetta, Mr. Henry Braoy as Marco, Mr. Eyley as Guiseppe, Mr. Lauri as the Duke of Flaza- Toro, Miss Elsie Cameron as tho Duchess, Miss Florence Young as Casilda, Mr. Syd. Doane as Luiz, Mr. Bosevear as Antonio, and Mr. Howard Vernon as the Grand Inquisitor. Eeverting to ' Marjorie.' Although this is the first opportunity wo have had of writing about its production, it is not necessary to describe the pieoo or make men tion of the oast so late in the day as a week after its appearance, and suffice to say that the music is always pleasing and tuneful, and, in the main, above the average. The piece is splendidly mounted, and the acting through out excellent. - .;.??'?? ? ? ? ? '. ? .' On Saturday evening Miss Jennie Leo com menced a short farewell season of ' Jo ' at the Imperial Opera Houso jprior. to her depar ture for' Biigland. * Although ' Jo' has been staged here on several occasions— the last time no; longor back than November of last yoar Miss Lee's friends and admirers rolled up in force to witness what is a notable re vival, quite apart from the fact that it is a farewell one. Miss Jenaio Loo once more gave an admirable sketch of the poor, tatterod littlo crossing-sweeper, and repeated her former success. On this occasion Miss Jennie Lee is well supported. Mr. Lash-Gordon made an intelligent Sir Leicester Dedlook. Mr. Edwin Kelly, admirably made np, did cxcellont work as Tulkinghorn ; and Mr. A. G. Poulton was very happy as tho meek and timid Snagsby. Mr. Grevillo interpreted Chadband very olevorly, and wo cannot remember having scon a better exponent of tho part. Mr. Harry. Shine again does excellent work as Gnppy, whilst Air. Harry Jewett as Inspector Buokett may also be complimented for his sound reading of the oharacfer. Miss Eosa Conroy made a stately Lady Bedlock, and played earnestly ; and Miss Constanco Hardie is an. aeceptablo Hester. The Hortense of Miss Ada Loe is. another creditable effort, and Miss Bella Bashall as . Gustor did well and caused much amusoment in the scene, at Mr. Suagsby|s. Miss Hartley as Mrs. Snagsby, and the remainder of ? the cast are fully up to the requirements of tho case. On Friday next the season bloses, when Miss Jennie Lee takes a boneflt. ? Extoasivo patronage has boon secured, rind a fino programme will be drafted, and we hops and expeot to Bee the talented little lady have a bumper send-off. ? '. ?„ } '?;? ??' #; ?'.;?;? * ?:'.?', :-.'* . . ; Carl Hertz and the Empiro Company tomor row will commonoe a two weeks season at the Garriok. Theatre, under the management of Mr. Musgrovo. The great illusionist will pre3ont to. tho Sydney pnblio, amongst other wondorsj two special mysterious feats, entitled ' Stroubaika'1 and ' jErolithe.' Support will be accorded by Miss Eose Dearing, Mr. Fred Mason, and the 'Fairy Four,' all of whom created so favorable an impression in the last Boyal pantomime. Mr. G. L. Goodman will be in front of tho house. We see by New Zealand exchanges that Carl Hertz simply paralysed them across tho water. The bird cage trick is eaid to be one of tho oloverest things ever done, and the various tricks with cards are also exceedingly well givon. To morrow should soe tho Garrick with every seat occupied. ??; '? ?'?? * . ?? 'Mr. Walter Bentloy and his company opened to a paoked house: at tbo Victoria Theatre, 'NWcastle, on Saturday night in ' Hamlot.' The play went excellently, and Mr. Bontloy reooived quite an ovation. Miss Laura Hanson was also well recoived.' Mr. Bontloy'a interpretation was unanimously pronounced to bo in every respect an extremely fino one, the Sydney verdict being endorsed. ' Hamlot' was repeated on Mon day ' Bicheliou,' ' Garriok,' ' Cramoud Brig,' 'Tho Bolls,' and 'Tho Lady of Lyons' are to be givon; and thon Mr. Bontley will work north as far as Charters Towers (Q.)^ ^ # No moro suocessful bonoilt has over been givon in Sydney than that tendered to 'Teddy' Eoyco on-Wednesday aftornoon last at the Criterion Theatre. Admirers and friends of Mr. Eoyoe commenced to roll up in numbers fully two hours before the curtain, rose, and had tho houso beon twico thesizo it is doubtful whether everyone who dosired to obtain admission could havo beon accommo dated. Tho benefit from every standpoint was an unqualified success. Mrs. Bornard Boero, Mr. Bentloy, the Eoyal Coinio Opora Company, Miss Myra Komble *nd a bost of othors assisted in a bill that took three hours to work off. On Saturday evening next a grand farewell concert will bo tendered to Madamo Vander voor Groon by the musioal profession or Sydney at tho Centennial Hall. The' Governor and Lady Jersey, tho Admiral and Lady Scott, the Chief Juatico and Lad/ Darloy, the Mayor and Mayoress of Sydney, and other leadin' public functionaries havo extended their patronage. Mr. Charles Huonerbein is managing the concert, and Dr. Burne is tho hon. treasurer. « ? * An unusually large number of people wit nessed the departure of tho E.MS. Orizaba for London on Thursday last, the friends and admirers of Miso Billio Barlow assembling in force at tho Oriont Company a wharf. Before sho left Miss Barlo' informed us that she had enjoyed hst star in Australia immensely, especially i-»-'*«r itn in Sydnoy. '-I am lotb. to leave,' said tho vivacious littlo lady, ' far moro . sorry, than I can toll you, and don't want to go a bit.' Miss Barlow wishod to ouco again express hor hearty thanks for the many kindnossos recoived at tho hands of Sydney audiences, and wound up by saying, ' I can not tell for certain, but I hopo and oxpoot to bo out hero again at no. vory distant date.' Miss Barlow took with her a oollootion of :Pnrrota, wallabies, &o.;, as well as any amount of curios. She was accorded a lioarfcy ' send off.' 'Miss Pattie Browne, Mr. Percy Lyndal, Mish Lillian Davios, and Misn Edith Vane1 woro also booked to travel by tho Orizaba. . . ' ' ???.?'??? ?, ?? : .. ?? ? ? ? ?? .-.? On Saturday lost, the London Gaioty, Com' pany., opened at tho Adelaide Royal in 'Faust up to Dato.' ' Carmen np.to Data1! and ' Joan of Arc ' follow. The whole: of the dress oirolo and reserved -stalls, at- ini oroasod priaes, wore snapped up in the, early part of the i week. Tho Gaiety Company's Sydney season will take place at Her Majosty's, and will follow, that of the Comio Opera Company. ' 'Tho following items, come to hand by the Wairarapa's mails :^Mr. G.H. Snazelle drew good houses at Gisborne during the. early part of last ? week,, and last . Monday he began a limited season at the City Hall, Auckland: A Dunedin correspondent writes that 'the Grdttan Biggs' season in Dunedin has been a very creat success, the Princess Theatre being crowded nightly. ; Owing to tho Billie Barlow Company not ' boing able to come across to Now Zoaland the G rattan Biggs Company , are filling' tbeir Dnnedin ' dates, and were to open for a second season of fivo nights last eveninff. During . tho wook tho Montague Turner Opera Company have drawn very good houses at tho Christchurch Thoatro Eoyal, a frequent, change of projiramme evidently catohinp; on with opera-goers. Taken alto gether the oompany has proved a success, and they are likely to continue to draw well for tho : remainder of the season. , Mr. Duncan Maballum, the manager, left for. Dunedin to' arrange there for. the opening of' the com ': The Bijou Thoatrei Molbonrno, was orowded on Friday aftornoon, when a farowoll benefit was tendered to Jliss' Pattio Pfown. The immediato ration d'etre of the compliment is Miss Browne's departure by the Orizaba to ; England, whore sho goes in the endeavor to win fame in the larger arena of tho 'London stage, and'we */thinV horisuccess is assured. Tho performance commenced with the hut scene from ' A Midaummer Night's Dream,' and was followed by the Bong of ' Good-byo, Sweetheart, Good-bye,' by Mr. Henry Stock well. ;. A serenade was then sung by Miss; Clara Merivalo ; Mr. E. J. Lonnen sang' 'ITho.Futurb Mrs. 'Awkins'; Mr. W. Howe, recited ' Tho Undo,' and theCogill Brothers gave an eccentrio entertainment. Mr. Bias chock recited ' Tommy on Ghosts,' and then' the third act of 'Sophia' was presented, with Mr. Cbarlos Glenney as Tom Jones. Partridge was played by Mr. Titheradge, whilst Miss Browne appeared as Honour, Miss Tomple as Sophia, and Mrs. Brough as Lady Bollastou; * More songs and reoitations fol lowed by Mr. W. Elder, Mr. Slade Murray, MissLalla Miranda, Mr. E. Sass, Mr. Allan Morris, and Mr. W. Warner, and the pro gramme concluded with' tho first aot of ;'.'. Jane.' At the conclusion of the programme . tliore wore loud calls for Miss Browne, and in response she stepped to tbe footlights and addressed a few words of thanks to her friends in front. .... ???.-?? ? ':??..? ???????..?.????? '. lUiss Maggie Moore will play a short season in Adelaide, commencing early in September. Tho attraction will be the evergreen ' Struok Oil.' . '- ' . : ..... ' ..??.''. - ; The Poroy St. John and Wilkimon Dramatio and Burlesque Company will open at the Theatre Boyal, Brisbane,: on July .,161 ? '. ..? . .. ?:?..' : .'?' ».'.? . ?--. ?'. ? Adelaide Quiz says:— ' Johnny Sheridan' bowed himself out of the Theatre Boyal on Friday evening, and on tho following night M. Blouet, alias Max O'Eell, addressed one of : the best audiences that has ever assembled in the Hindley-street Hall of Amusement.' . ? . ? ? . ? ? ?' ?' - By Saturday's mail comes news of the opening of Sarah Bernhardt's London season at the Eoyal English Opera House with Sardou's ' Cleopatra.' One of the most brilliant andiencos seen in any playhouse turned np to welcome the divine Surah after her threo years' absenco, and to show, thoir appreciation at the opening of London's finest theatre after several months of idle ness and olosod doors. A London' paper says of Madame Bernhardt :— ' She is, as always, nnsnrpassable, glorious, unique.' The Spoetino and Dbamatio News, however, says the piece is a poor one, and Madame Bernhardt is disappointing. Tho oritics agree to differ. ? « ????'??.??? Mr3. Bornard-Beere will go to . America next year (says an exohange) under Marons Myer's management, and her leading man will bo Maurice Barrymore, at throe hundred and fifty dollars a woek. ,' '; ; :. ; ? .,'? .?' ': '?? ? ???? '' ' '? ?':.' Writing from Mount Morgan (Q), Mr.' Charlie Taylor informs us of the continued success of tho Taylor-Carrington Company, whilst on tour in the north. Good biz was done in Eookhampton with ' Onld Ireland;' Townsville is to be visited this week. ??' ?-.?'?? '* ? .??. - '??' ~ .:. When lost hoard of Harry Biokards was still up North, in Queensland, working down. The Minnie Hopo Company were out West, at Clermbnt (Q.). The Boverley Company were also slowly working through Queensland, moving south. The Agrati and Canaria Com pany were about to loavo for Java. ' ? » *..-?., A speoial entertainment is to bo given at tho Melbourne Bijou Theatre on the evening of the 29th inst., for the benefit of Mr. E. B. Manning, who has been long and favorably known as assistant manager of that theatre; Tboaramaof 'The Trumpet Call,' which lias been admirably placed ' on the stage by. Mr. Bland Holt, is still being produced at tho Thoatro Royal, Melbourne, and with gratifying results to tbo management. It will be with drawn after next Friday night. : i ? ' ? ' * . The rovival at tho Bijou Theatre, . Mel bourne, on Saturday night, of tho farcical comedy ' Turned Up,' attracted. a largo audience. The piece ran smoothly, and proved most enjoyable. The comedy was pre ceded by tho comedietta ' In Honor Bound.' Tho samo programme will be repeated until Saturday night noxt, when Pinero's comedy 'The Times' will be presented for tho first timo in Australia. 'The Times' is at present being produced in Great Britain and America with great success. ? o» Mrs. Bernard- Beero met with a splendid reception on her re-appearance at the Mel bourne Opera Honso, on Saturday evening, after her soasou in Sydney, and the more prominent members of her company must have been likewise gratified by tho warmth of tbo reception awarded to them. ' Adrienne Leoouvrour ' was the chosen piece with whioh to commence hor farowoll season, and it was a magnificent success. At tho fall of the curtain and on a third call being taken, Mrs. Beere briefly expressed the pleasure it gave hor to revisit Melbourne. ? ? ? Shakespeare's fairy comedy 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' continues to attract large audiences to the Melbourne Princess's Theatre, and deserves to havo a very successful ran. ? » ? A writer in tho London Hawk says : — ' Tho rovival of ' Forget-Me-Not ' at the Avenue with Miss Janet Achureh as Stephanie Do Mohrivart, brings many recolleotions to my mind of its first produotion and instant suocoss at tho end of a disastrous summer season at the Lycenm, of poor old Palgravo Simpson and his quarrel with Miss W^rd about Zilla, of Mr. Mowbray Morris' curious criticism of tho verse of Viotor Hugo's ' Luorezia Borgia ' in the Times, of poor Herman Morivalo, and tho letters of 'A Sane Patient' in tho World, and many other thing3, the majority of which are not pleasant, and mako ouo feel a littlo older. - r am afraid Miss Achuroh doo3 not look liko fuiailing the brilliant futuro which, when I prophesied it, led to her first big engagement. This was long before sho played Norah in ' A Doll's Housu,' and before Bhe was nearly associated with Mr. Charrington, who, earnest aotor as ho may bo, seoms to havo beon hardly a good master for Miss Achureh. Somo years ago there was no young aotross with so fine presbneo, promise, and method as Miss Achuroh showed iu 'Devil Caresfoot,' and I liked her Lady Teazlo, but method has becomo manner, and I am begin ning- to loso faith.' Tho other London papers aro equally sovero iu dealing with Miss Achuroh's . growing mannerisms, unoyeness and restlosanoas. It is a thousand pities so clover an aotress should not have been better ikiro-minagod and kjpt more r.nder control. 