"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetito and. health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards bis meals. But mo3t of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Differ ent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, Btands in need of " alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently receivaed communication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy bis food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. Ho eays-" In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did uot feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing wa« like another, and none was gocd. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather 80 it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his mealB. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" ut his heart, is though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the Bweat rolled off him. '* I dreaded," he Bays," the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have / made, for I was afraid o eat. " After a time I tot into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as be intimates, to the impoverished state of bis blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full ot ghosts' and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So 1 struggled on, but what I Buffered for over two years is past my powers of description, 1 am. sure no ont suffered so much as 2 have dme." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is alwayB harder to bear than one's notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless mul titude who are all the while going through the same experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer .finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, got me a bottle at Mr. Lang staff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Bailway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " GEOBGB HUNT, " Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's deBire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what rea son. 