HESTER'S HERITAGE; OR THE SECRET OF HER BIRTH; By the Author op ''Lord Roth's Sin," " A Lady' of Honor,"- &o.;, &o.; . CHAPTER XXX— (Continued.) Sir Guy Rosslyn stood near — so hear that the folds of her dress had touched him as she had passed him to enter, the carriage; bub she, leaning on her new lover's arm, saw not the old Jover who lingered near her, and no | magical intuition whispered to her that he was near. And- Guy, with held by some fascination from leaving the spot, stood by while the prince lifted the little gloved hand to his lips.- He heard the murmured words — V " Adieu, belle reine, till to-morrow." And then the voice Guy loved, and thought never to hear again on earth, replied — 'f Till to-morrow. Good night." ' The carriage-door was shut ; the ser vant gave the.word to the coachman', a flash of light from the lamps fell across. Guy's face as the vehiole rolled away,, and then he stood alone in the star- light. ' '' " Good night, beloved — good night for evermore 1" he whispered passion ately, and, . bowing his head upon his breast, he tarried yet a moment where ' he stood; while the bitterness and the angRr and jealousy melted forever out qf his heart, and a solemn, holy peace filled it instead. V ; ft By the open window, of a richly- furnished chamber Hester knelt late into the night. . The waxen tapers on the toilet-table shed a mellow light upon the . costly furniture of the room, but, heedless of the splendor around her, the girl knelt on, while tears dropped softly down on Iter tirrhtlv clasried hands, and the. fainb breeze fanned her aching brow, She had oast away her smiles wiph her gala dress, and now, with her dark hair falling round her shoulders, and her face uplifted to the starry sky, she was weeping bitterly. A soft step aroused, her from .her. reverie. She turned arid found herself in the arms of Eugenie idu Boissqn. " Child, are you iri® trouble ? " the Frenchwoman asked, tenderly. 1 " " It is nothing fresh. Oh, Eugenie, I " feel so sad to-night, I could not Bleep 1" she sobbed. With loving hands Eugenie stroked tho pretty head leaning against her, . - " This evening, when I went to the ball I. felt quite happy— happier than I have felt for years," Hester went on mournfully. " Otto was there, as you know, Eugenie, and t-he asked w.-me'i agairi to be his wifoj " Sinoo that day two years ago, when ho saved my life on' the mountains, he has loved me with his whole heart. You know, how patiently lie has waited in tho hope of winning me— and what am I that a noble heart like that should deem mo so preoious? Oh, Eugenie, a nobler man than Otto doos not breathe I I fool that whenever I am in his presence, and to-night, as I listened to his tender pleading, I thought that I should be acting wisely if I married him. I am so friendless, Eugenie — for all those grand people who fawn upon ma and flatter me now are not my friends ; it is only because I am rich that thoy care for me. Beyond you and my father — and ho isjalways so far removed — I have no one who loves me for myself— oxoept Otto. Shall I ever find another to love mo so faithfully as he 1 He is so kind, so good. I told him I had no love to givo him, and he answered that he was willing to wait for that ; he thought my regard for him might ripen into love in time, and he would await that time with patience. What answer could I mako to such pleading 1 Ho has some claim upon mo, you know, for he saved my life, and I thought perhaps it would be only right to give him my ! poor worthless self— since he values it so- — in return. I told him to come to morrow, and I would give him an answer. ' She paused for a few moments, and ; then, leaving Eugenie's arms, she stood I upright. Bale, her eyeB filled with ! fire, she stood with clenched hands, her figute drawn to its full height. " If you think I havo forgotten tho things that are past, Eugenie, you wrong me. I never shall forget him — never cease to love him, though he east me off so lightly. I told you that the warmth and brightness went out of my life the day I lost him. Forget him !" she cried, with a wild gesture of despair. "No, never till my heart is cold in death shall I cease to remem ber him who was my soul's delight !" Eugenie was silent. For such . woe as this she could offer no consolation. Hester went on speaking more calmly, though still with unutterable sorrow in her voice anii face. " But there are times when I pub that memory away out of my mind for a season, and then I am content, almost happy, -till it comes back with cruel strength and' overwhelms me, and then" — her ' voice sank to a thrilling w.hispot'-r-" I feel as I fancy a woman feels when the returning tide casts up the drowned corpse of her husband at her feet." The French ty oman shivered as she sat. Not a word could she find to say,. " To-night," the girl went on, break- inrv fka nntien 4-vtn 4- (im/iaanAfi n Q1 .loof. words, " when I parted front Otto, it seemed as if some of the sunshine wero returning- into my life; but scarcely had I bidden him adieu when my eyes fell on a face the sight of which turned my. heart to stone within me. Whether that face was real or a creation of my -fancy I know not; but for ono second i — -one second' — the face of my darling waj before my eyes to-night. You are amazed, dear friend— you think I rave; ;but I only speak the truth. . If it was inot-Guv Rosslyn . in tho flesh who ap peared to me to-night. it was his spirit." : ' She turned and began to pace the room, her head thrown back in the old defiant way. tliat: in former Limes had so often called fortli a reproof from Gharlotte Hurd. " When that vision crossed my sight, Eugenie, my heart seemed to leap up ;and then fall :dead within me. : Al though you salt by my side in the car riage, I said notljing to you ; but since then I have asked myself, and I now ask yoUj-iWhother it would not be a sin to marry Otto'when, in spite of all that has passed — tho sharne and! the separa.-. 'tion and ' estrangomont—niy soul1 still mourns another 1" , "You are: right, Hestetv To marry the prince would be a sin. Tell him the truth, dear child, for lie is one in- whom you may safely repose a trust! And for the rest— wait. ' My faith is large in time, . and that which; shapes' it ;to some perfect end.'" . , "Yes; I can but wait," Hester said, softly, when-' alone. " My life is in Heaven's hands, to do with as it pleases ; and,' as the Puritan riiriiden in tho poem says — ; "It is tlio fato of a woman _ Long to bo patient and silent — to wait like a . ghost that is Bpeechloss Till somo questioning voice dissolves the spell of its silence. CHAPTER XXXI. ': It .was 2 o'clock in the afternoon of a clear September -day when Lord Sutton's yacht, the Waterwitoh, : rounded the Lizard after a pleasant ernise of two months. Lord Sutton himself, a good-looking young man, with ! strong nautical tastes, was pacing the deck with, a cigar between his lips, talking to tl. master. xwo otner men sac on ine skylight, also smoking. One was Guy Rosslyn, the" other the identical Torn whoso conversation iri-the opera house Guy had overheard two months .back, and. who was nephew to young Lord I Sutton's widowed mother. There was ono Other passenger pn board tho Waterwitoh— this was E>ey- sart Rochforb, a captain of dragoons, who was commonly known among liis friends bv the : familiar sobriquet of Daisy llochfort. He lay at full length, ori the deck, under a temporary awn ing, near enough to the two on the skylighu to hear their, conversation, his blonde head, pillowed on a folded cloak, his face upturned, his eyes olose'd as if- in sleep. p ' " W08'1 0'1 oray to-morrow if this breeze holds out—eh, Robjri- son " . remarked Lord Sutton to . the nriaster. - ' ' «' , ; Tfte latter screwed up his eyes, and took a keen survey of the horizon. He made no- reply to the young peer's remark ; but the gentleman, who knew his'skipper pretty well, put the omis sion down to the wrong oause. Robin son was such a surly taciturn fellow, though worth.his weight in gold from a business point of view. ' " Wind's getting up pretty stiffly from sou'-sou'-west," growled Robin son presently, sweeping the horizon with another keen glance. . . " To-morrow at this time we shall bo on terra firma once more," observed Torn Langston to Guy Rosslyn, as he lazily puffed his cigar. "It has been a pleasanb cruise," sriid Guy, thoughtfully. "Yes," rejoined Tom, sighing; "but even pleasant things come. to an end. You won't for; e your promise to join us at Crownest to have a bang at the pheasants noxt month — eh, old fel low?" pursued Langston. "I won't forgot," Guy answered, pleasantly. "I asked Roobfort to join us," con tinued the verboso Tom, in an under tone, glancing at tho recumbent form of tho soldier ; " but he's become such an unsociable bear sinco that affaire du cceur he had abroad. You've heard about it, of course ?" Guy nodded. Ho did not tell Tom whore and how he had heard of it. " ' Love is but an episode in a man's life,' some writer says," went on Lang ston, grimly ; " and in my opinion a fellow is little better' than a fool if lie can't get over an attack of that sort in a couple of' months. When a man goes in for playing the blighted lover he's utterly spoilt for everything else. These enduring attachments are toler able only on the stage and in novels. A better fellow than Daisy never breathed till he knocked tinder to a pretty face; and what has he been good for since ?" concluded Tom, with a countenance expressive of disgust. Guy smiled a little wearily. " I've had the fever myself a score of times since I was twelve years old," added the irascible young man, flinging I away tho end of his cigar, " but, bless you, I always got over it very soon. The worst attack I ever had lasted three weeks- -I was rather far gone that time — but a run up the Rhine cured -me. Have another weed, Rosslyn ? Hallo 1 Why, whau the deuce " A sudd'en lurch of the yacht caused Guy's loquacious companion to lose his balance, and sent him rolling along the deck. The wind, which liad shifted a little more to the south, was now in creasing, and caused the yacht to roll ana aip in a way unar, renaerea want ing on deck a difficult matter. " Why the deuce don't some of those fellows take in some of the canvas ?'' roared Tom, angrily; but Guy- hud joined Sutton, and the master, who were scrutinising a vessel at some dis tance. "We're going to have nasty weather," remarked Robinson, offering his telescope to Sir Guy. A few minutes later tho sails were reefed and the yacht's course slightly altered. Meanwhile the young soldier still lay motionless under the awning ; his handsome weary face was upturned, his eyes were still closed, but his long yellow moustache concealed the smile, half bitter, half amused, which. Lang? ston's remarks- had called iip to. his lips. At sunset the wind, blew a hurricane. The sky was flushed a deep roseate hue from west to east. Huge ragged clouds were driven ruthlessly beforethe coming tempest, the sun wont down in a blood-red mist, and the sea- birds .uttered warning cries. In these sinister omens the praotised eyea of the sailors rqad the signs of a coming storm, and the captain of the Water witoh steered- for the open sea. :. By 10 o'clock that night tho storm was upon them. For hout'3 it raged with uuabated fury. Deep called unto deep, tho leaping surges rose mountain- high till they appeared "to lash the clouds, sea and sky seemed to mingle in one hideous chaotic mass. Through those hours of darkness and terror the Waterwitch rode unharmed, now on the tops of the foam- crested billows,' now in the yawning troughs of the waves which threatened to engulf her. About midnight the crew of the yacht heard distinctly above the roar of the surges the heavy booming of a gun — sure token of a ship in distress. They heard the same sound at intervals during) the three succeeding hours, each time more distinctly— from which they concluded that the; unhappy vessel wits drifting nearer to them, or else that' they wore being driven nearer to liar. . Action of any kind was impossible. It was almost pitch-dark. The Water- witch was like a nutshell driven at the meroy. oi the wind aud waves, and her little crew wore reduced to the torturing necessity of ' awaiting pas sively the doom which: each felt to bo inevitable.- - The sailors wore gathered in the fore part of the yacht'; the master, grim .and taciturn,. stood at the tiller. -Lord Sutton and his friends preserved , a calm demeanor, each keeping his ap prehensions looked in his own breast, after the reserved fashion of inen with cultivated minds. Very few words were spoken between them that night. , About three o'clock in the morning' tho storm abated somewhat. An hour later a dim grey light illuminated the eastern ' horizon— herald of approach ing day, Each man drew a breath of relief, and silently uttered a, thanks giving that so far they had. been pre served. The light spread over the wild and watery horizon, and still at inter vals came toi their ears that sound of awful import, the minute-gun. . As soon as it was possible the master ascertained their position. They wer.e off the Cornish coast. Half a mile north by east of tbem lay a reef of barren rooks. Upon these a. barque had been driven. So muoh the anxious eyes on board the Waterwitoh could discern, by the aid of their tele- popes. Sutton and the skipper, who had been straining their sight in the direction of the spot, put down their glasses, and looked at one another with ominous faces. " What is she ?" asked the former. . " A merchantman, by. the cut of her jib. She went asunder on the rocks just now. Hark !" Above the roar of the elements they heard a long wailing sound that struck terror to their hearts. ' " Heaven Mielp them!" said Lord Sutton,' with pallid lips. Once more tho heavy boom of. tho gun smote on their straining ears, and again that sound of dire tribulatibn rang out above the blast. » » # " You must bo mad to think of it !" cried Lord Sutton, in a harassed tone. " My life i3 my own, to peril it if .1 choose," returned Guy, calntly. " No boat could live in such a sea, least of all a cockle-shell like that one," put in Langston, who looked -pale and haggard in the wan light. " There is just a ohance of its doing so. I cannot stand here and not make an effort to save those men who are perishing before our eyes," rejoined Gut', firmly. " Rosslyn is right," interposed Roch- fort, speaking for the first time. " It is inhuman to allow them to perish without making an attempt to save them. Come, Sutton, be reasonable; let us lower the boat." "Well, I'm willing," said his lord- sliip, gloomily ; but it's sheer mad ness. However, if - you're bent on going, I may as well accompany you." , i " And .Ij" cried Langston, eagerly. " Rochfort and I will go," announced Sir Guy, in a voice of cool decision, " and one of the men to steer. Which of you will go?" fTwo of the crew, stepped forward. " You'll do," Guy remarked, address- ing the one lie thought the lightest weight. " Sutton, old fellow," he added, cheerily, to his friend, "you have your mother to consider, and you, Tom, have both parents and sisters ; but Rochfort has no one to leave— nor have I." So it came about that tho two men Who had both lnvarl nrirl lnaf. TToatoi. Glyde joined hand in hand to risk their lives in the noble attempt to save others in yet greater peril. The wreck was now distinctly visible from the yacht's deck at a distance of about half a mile, and by the aid of the glasses they could discern a crowd of people on the dizzy heights above (;he rocks. Guy-took in the position at a glance, decided on the course lie would pursue, gave his directions to the men unfastening the .boat's lash ings, and went below tb get his life belt. ; In the cabin stood Daisy Rochfort. As Guv's steps sounded on the stairs he s'ippedsomething hastilyinto hisbreast. For an instant the eyes of the two men met in a searching gaze. Those of the soldier were blazing with living light ; in the calm depths of Guy's shone a solemn unearthly peaco. The belts were made secure; tho two men threw off their coats, and shook hands with their companions. Holding Sutton's hand in a tight grip, the young soldier bent his, head' and whispered calmiv — " If I don't come back, tell her my last thought was of her, my last prayer that heaven would bless her and make her happy." " . Sutton nodded. Something in liis throat almost choked him and kept him from replying just then. "Good-bye, old fellow— and God speed you !" said poor little Langston, with shaking lips, as lie wrung Guv's hand. The answer was a bright smile. Sutton turned to Sir Guy, and looked keenly in his friend's face ".Have you any message to leave, Rosslyn, iu case He paused. "None," was the calm and steady answer. The next moment the two young mon- had swung themselves over the side of the yaoht, followed by the sailor. . ( "I didn't think Rochfort' had so much pluck," said Langston, brokenly, as. he and Sutton pressed forward among the others to see the last of their friends; "I thought that love affair had 'knocked it all out of him ; but those quiet fellows deceive one so." , " Men like Deysart Rochfort don't CHAW iuigou iu a uuy, reLumeu Sutton, sententiously ; and he turned and walked away, for the sudden mist in his eyes had blotted out everything from his sight; The three men were in the boat now, the , oars were in the rowlocks. A moment later she had pushed clear of tho yacht. ' A cheer that was almost a sob broke from the ! little knot of men on the deck ,of, the Waterwitoh. Those in the boat lifted their.; faces and smiled cheerily in answer. Another cheer— stronger one this time — burst from the yacht's crew,' and then the boat was lost to sight in the trough of the waves. A few seconds of breathless, torturing suspense ensued, and thence once more the little boat rose to their view, up lifted high on the crest of a billow. jAs she so hung for a moment, almost suspended in mid-air, the first pale gleam of sunlight foil across her, and revealed to tho eyes of the watchers the solemn and resolute faces of the rowers, shining as if glorified. At . the sight every heart throbbed high with exultation, and every man bared his head, and waved his cap wildly, while over the waters rang a clear and jubilant "Hurrah 1" (TO BE CONTINUED.) He : " I am rather in favor of the English mode of spelling. ' She : " Yes ?" Ho : "YeB, indeed. Take 'parlor' for instance. Having u in it makes all the difference in tho world." Do Hunter: "I say, old boy, let's eo down to Hop Scotch Buy duck- bunting." Do Sporter': "I haven't any gun." De Hunter: " That doean't matter. There are never any ducks there," 