A Little Red Crutch. GRANDMA'S RAINY-DAY STORY OF A PATIENT LITTLE SUFFERER. " The worst of it is," said Nanette, " that there isn't any garret to this house." Nanettte was leaning on the parlor win- dow, pulling the lace curtains very much awry, and looking disconsolately out into the wet street. " I don't mind rainy days in story-books," continued the small philosopher, " because there are always garrets in story-books, always, and little girls find the loveliest things in them when it rains—old laces, and skeletons, and things." " Skeletons !" ejaculated the listener at the other window. " My, Nan ! should you like to find a skeleton. I'm rather glad we haven't any garret, if skeletons live in garrets. But I tell you what," lowering her voice mysteriously, and coming over to stand on the same long-suffering curtain that Nan was abusing, " there is a little shut-up place in this house that must have something awful in it." The " little shut-up place" was a closet in the third story back room. A gabled roof made irregularities in the room, and one of them developed into a dark closet. " But it's locked," objected Nanette. " No, it isn't. I pulled it open, one day, just a very little way." " And what was inside ?" " Nothing," confessed the discoverer, " except dust and darkness. But I didn't go in, you know. I wouldn't for anything." The next minute two slim little figures might have been seen—they could not be heard—stealing up the Queen Anne stairway. Tiptoeing and covering up laughing lips and pinching each other, they reached the third story back room, and stood before the closed door. But it was not an obstinate door, and the small, cunning fingers soon had it open. Darkness and dust, indeed, plenty of both, and nothing else to be seen. " Would you be afraid to go in, Nan ?" " No, indeed ; 'fraid of what ?" " Would you go back to the very darkest end ?" Nan insisted that she would. " Well, then, do it," dared the other, and sturdy Nan plunged into total eclipse. She came back to the cheerful light of day with great alacrity, covered with dust, of course— eyes full, nose and mouth ditto, apron looking like Cinderella's, and something in her hand. Winking her dusty lashes, she held up her discovery. It was a little red crutch. Downstairs they clattered, with noise enough to make up for their silent accent the little crutch bobbing along each step as they flew down, to grandmother's room. The look that came into grandma's eyes, when the crutch was held up, was very much the look Anita would have shown if the skeleton had been found indeed, or a ghost. There was clearly something to tell, and as a story on this wet day would be even more de- lightful than finding a skeleton, the dear old lady was at once put in a state of siege, the crutch and two little girls sitting down obstinately before her. " One breezy day," said grandma, surren- dering at discretion, " a little girl went out to the barn to swing." (To Be Continued.) 