A Ghost Story. The Waterford correspondent of the Irish Times says :-A pensioner of the Royal Irish constabulary named Kingswortb, with his family, took up resi- dence at Ballybricken, at a place situated in Cos- telloe's-lane before coming to Waterford. He was caretaker of an evicted farm. While in occupation he reported to Sergeant Murphy that he and his family were disturbed at night by unearthly sounds. The sergeant commanded an escort party to the house, the approaches of which were taken possession of, and one of his men stationed in the interior. While there the sergeant and his men heard un- earthly sounds. The man.on duty inside saw furni- ture dushed about by some invisible agency. Des- pite all entreaties, the caretaker and his family left in a state of terror, and went to live in the town. He remained in quietude for a time, but soon he raised an alarm that the ghosts who had haunted him in his old quarters has tracked him to the new> His family was found to be in a state of great excite- ment, while the household articles were lying about in confusion. Neighbours say that they " heard a voice," and all fled from the bouse in terror. The police authorities visited the house, as did hundreds of citizens, including several Roman Catholic clergy- men. All the approaches to the house have been eloaely guarded, but unearthly noises are still heard. Detectives Roche and Glouder arrested two men on Thursday afternoon in Sydney who are supposed to be idendical with two fugitives from justice in Queensland. Alex. Simpson, ironworker, is one of them. He is charged with burning down three shops and dwelling-houses in Brisbane on December 24,1890. He was arreßted at the Pyrmont iron- works of Messrs. Triggs and Maher. The other is named John Flemming, who has been wanted since Nov. 12,1890, on a charge of obtaining goods and money to the value of £8 15s belonging to Charles Henecke, Charles street Brisbane. He was arrested while in the act of leaving the money order office at the G.P.O. 