People We Head About. .Bernhardt, Patci, add Langfry are each ; engaged in wriU'rg a btiok.' ; Lord LyUon vras the sixteenth earl who died in 1891. ' ■ . . Lord Lyttcn was a believer in ghosts. His seat, Kuebswortb, wub haunted, he was con-, vinced. Hiram Cbaee,. an Indian of the Omaha tribe, has been pcrmittted to the practice of the law at Omahn. Mrs. Kendal is the inventor and patentee ol a lamp and candle shade, from the sale of which she derives a very handsome pre fit. Bism&rk;, is what in German; they call a " chain smoker," that is he smokes from morning tiil night without a break, lighting one cigar with the end of the other. . His fall name, with its titieB, was the Bight Honorable Edward Bobert Bulwar Lvtton, Earl of Ljtton, G.C.B., G.C.S., C.L.E., L L.D., bat the" great world will know him best and remember him best bb Owen Meredith. A strange' fignre on the streets of Wash ington is tbat of JoBephine J. Jarocki, a Polish cocn tess and a grandnieee of Coant | Pulaski, o£ revolutionary fame. She 1b i described as a " human dried apple," poor to | indigenoe and sbabbil'y dressed, and she is I about fifty years old. Bor twenty-five years she has been fighting for a fortune left by Count Pulaeki. Mile, Bilcesoo, the young Boumanian re cently admitted to practise law in Prance, is a tall, geacefnl, and dark-haired girl of twenty-three. - She is the only child of .a banker at Bucharest, and in that city she has bung out her shingle. Her course of instruction in the law in Paris lasted for six years, and during that time she was ab sent but one day Irom the lecture room. Paul du Cbailiu says that whenever in tfao foreets of Africa he encountered a gorilla his life bung on a slender shread, ior either he or the gorilla had Co die. Inasmuch as the genial traveller is still alive, it seems likely that he gave a quietus to more thau one of the big apes. According to M. du Ckaillu the female gorilla sleeps at night in the branches of a tree, while the male xeposBs at the base of the tree to keep her from harm. . 