BREAKFAST ROLLS, (Br ait Itinerant Vendor.) The ' Relief Fiend ' is abroad. Where ever you may turn your steps j'ou see one of tbe gentler sex with huge parcels of old clothes or provisions rushing to reecuo Borne one ' dietrefiscd-' n n O Wliat witl) meetings, visiting, attend ing soup-kitchens, concerts in aid of some relief fund or the other, at which the goodhearted ladies lia«e to attend pater familias hae a happy time of it, nursing the 'kids' and having hie choice between ' no soup ' or to go to the soup tffcohen hiniMlf u C O Thomas Ludwig is evidently no re3 pector of the ' clargy' There was a sort of ' Synod ?' at the Malvern count on Saturday last, wliea Ludwig was up before the ' beaks ' for stealing 'rom no less than five occlesiastics. His foibles are ' operaglasses '' hut he is n ot bej'ond appropriating smaller articles of verlu. Tlie Revds. C. J. Godfrey, D. CTDonnell, J. Auchinieck- Rosg, Salph Brown and J. McKinnoD pave testimony against him, and after lie was awarded three months they cordially shook hands with him and gave him sound advice, upon which he can. ruminate in 'Caet'emaine.' o o HaiOun a!-Ras!u'd in Prahrao is cer tainly a novelty. The Mayor has paid a nocturnal visit 1o the haunts and hiding places of (lie '' Submerged Tenth ' in this city. c c o His Worship disguised in homely garb, and accompanied hy his trusty A.D.C., the Town Clerk, issued forth at the ghostly hour of midnight in search of ' dossers ' which were reported to abound on the backs of the ' beautiful blue Yarra.' c c a Tbey were well provided with ammuni tion in the shape of ' soup-kitchen tickets,' and therefore safe from any attack. But alas ! Dossers there was none. One solitaiy nightbird who was 'snugly ensconced '' ia bags, told them all the othei-6 had gone out on business — very likely to get a few safes from rail way stations— and won't he back till the morning. * +? * Ghost yarns — like those of the otber reptiles — snakes travel fast. We have it op reliable authority that there is absolu tely no foundation to the rumor that the 'ST. Kilda Ghost' was seen last week io the orchard of Mr Edwin (reach, conse quently there is no truth in the statement that some of the household were frigh tened thereat. Only for the fact that we have to go and get our 'air cut, we would form this par into a beautiful poem, o The *' Notes on news ' in the 'erald ttrasF'to the writer be very edifying. The other night this wise-acre bad something to say about differential rates on the railways, and finished up with the sage remark that, ' these sudden and unequal changes in city rates may yet make the general public sigh for the return of Me Speight.' Now could anything be more absord when the feet, that the big railway deficit is one of the chief reasoDe why the colony is in such a predicament. ?? ? # * Astd too if the Tram Company lower their- lares, is it reasonable to suppose the public will trarel by rail if they can travel cheaper by tram ? The railways must be made to pay, and where the trame run paiollel with tlu trains, the Commissioner have a perfect riglit to compete (or the traffic, and if there is any inequality, it is not on the part of the Commissioners, but because of the opposition they are sut jected to. * * « ' Are we not all wen and brothers?' asks this sage, Well if we are all to be on an equality, there's nothing more to be said, but it is hardly to be supposed that even this Herald writer has advanced as far as that, and whilst these inequalities may not be quite fair unfortunately many of tl.em canaot be helped, and in the case before us, the trains must either cease running or ibe Commissioners must adopt the common sense policy of competing where competition, is absolutely re quired. Try another scare Mr Herald, tor this one rill fall as flat as the proverbial pancake, c # * It will soon be time for the electors to look out for candidates /or the coining municipal elections, and in the tnt-tter of a representative for Toorak Ward sonitihing should be done. Prahran onght to have n presentatives whese business is in the city of Praliran, and not representatives who carry every thing to Melbourne. W.th respect to Obs Jones and Daties, nothing what ever can be urged against them. Tbey are both men of hroad and liberal view, they live i' the city, do what tbey can to support the interests of the City, and they give their time and ability ungiuoMngly for the benefit of tbe ratepayers, ati-3 if they decide to offer themselves for re-election it will be only doing them bare justjcjs;lpj re turn them. 