PEEPS INTO PAPEKS AND BOOKS. THE HARVEST OF A READER'S GLEANINGS. ? Tub kind of appointment which nobody likes to Aavo-a disappointment. Bv taking revenge, a man is but even with his ; enemy; but in passing it over, ho ic superior, j We see thousands that aro covetous whero we find I one that is economical. I Satihe is an ugly weapon in the work of reform. It ! tears asunder, it. cauteries, it blisters. No one ia j really made better bv it. Tho one assailed, though I be may fear the sting, will never bo better through its application, though he may seem so. A satirist lives all the time in boiling water, I A Gkumax " Voluntkkr."-There is no class of military service iu Germany which at all corre sponds with volunteering in England, but tho writer of an article, "Eight Weeks' Service in tho German Army," in Temple liar, adopts tho term to designate the slightly privileged "one year service" lueu. ITe was recently summoned from his work in England for his turn in tho ranks, and a very rough time ho feeuis to have had. His experiences, how ever, were not all gloomy, nnd the following may serve as an illustration of tho lighter parts of hie: ead ablo paper: "At ten everybody nuut bo iu tlicir quarters,and go to bed or such deeping accommoda tion as they li-'vo got. In one case I had nothing but a sack of straw tosleep upon; with .lopillow, rug?, or anything tlso to lessen the inconvenience. The worst of it was that tho sack wa< far too thoit for me, and what with tho discomfort of my coucti and the closeness of the garret-it was over a stable, and con tained five other men besides myself--I could get no sleep at all, in spite of my fatigue. On the third day, the sergeant, who was a very good friend of mine, had leave of absence, and I, coming in after all tho other people were in bed, and seeing his bed empty, slipped | into it and slept soundly for onco in a way. 1 was awakened by tho old woman to whom tho house ; belonged. She came in, saw mc, and went out at once, meaning mischief I could see. A common soldier sleeping in her best bed! Tho sergeant should hear of it. It seeni3 absurd, but., as a mutter of fact, there was every reason to suppoEc that I might get into serious trouble if the mattor w;is reported. .Fortu nately, I knew the train by which the sergeant was. to arrive, aud went down to tho station to meet him. With the aid of copious libations of beer, 16oftened to him tho liberty X had taken, and to tho great dis appointment of our landlady, ho took no notice of her report. ' The Government had hired her room,' he said, «why should he not let any of his friends eleep in it who liked?' Just conceiro the position. Imagine yourself, my respectable English friend, down on your knees to a common sergeant, to escape the penalty for having dared to avail yourself of tho ordinary means of sleeping provided for him. The discipline of the German army pushes the severity of punishment into the most trivial details of military life. No one dare even lie awake any whero else than in tho particular place to which he is appointed." SrAmEis.-Under the modern conditions of both partridge nnd pheasant shooting, where dogs are not- wanted to hunt but only to retrieve, spaniels havo been gradually going out of fashion for field purposes. When ground game was killed in large quantities they were found to bo hardly big enough or strong enough for a day's cover-shooting, whero they would con stantly be called upon to carry hares for long distances through brambles and underwood. Hence the introduction of the large black retrievers now in Togue, and for cover- shooting as now pursued they are doubtless indispensable. But many people are still of opinion that for partridge-shooting spaniels aro preferable to retrievers. Thoy aro guioker, and, being smaller and lighter, make less noise in the turnips, while if a wounded bird runs into a hedge row, a spaniel which can thread the ditch bottom and twist in and out of the hedge almost aB fast as the bird itself, is far more useful than the larger animal, which constantly loses birds in such places from nob being able to get along fast enough. A spaniel may easily be trained to hunt just in front of the partridge shooter and stop for a moment when he is close on birds, which is all the not:ce that is necessary; and even in the old days of reaped stubbles, when pointers still reigned supremo, many eminent sports men preferred shooting partridges over a brace or two of steady spaniels. To see the spaniel in perfec tion, however, we must employ him in a kind of -Shooting which is" now only occasionally to be met with. Where the country abounds in small copses and shaws, as they are called in many parts of England, in double' hedges, in osier beds, disused 'stone or gravel pits overgrown with hazel, holly, and oaks (iu Hampshire called dells), and other thickets of the same kind, which are sure to harbour game, and are small enough for the gunner to keep always within sbqf, of his dog-these are the places in which to see a spaniel work. Thero is nothing prettier in the shooting way than to see him feather ing about just as he gets on the scent of a pheasant, full of the koenest excitement, yet working methodi cally at the same time, till at last ho makes a little pause at a tuft of brambles, pricks up his ears for a second, and then pounces; when up blusters a fine old cock-bird, which lie follows with his eye as it rises into mid-air, suddenly topples over, nnd com© down ' tail upwards to the ground with a thud which man and dog know well. The unmistakable delight of a spaniel when thus engaged is one of the features in his character which mako him so much pleasanter a com panion than any other kind of dog. In a good thick rambling hedgerow, where rabbits live as well aa Sheasants, he i3 equally happy and equally adroit, tut unfortunately we may wander over a great part of England now without finding our copses or double hodges; and even where wo do, the latter are so dis turbed by the farmers that Utblo game is to be found in them. Spaniels may be used, of course, in big woods whenever a couple of guns go out for a little quiet shooting, without a whole army of beaters, and take only tho low woods. Thoy will hunt round you then pretty closely if properly trained, and nico sport may be had with them. There are a great many breeds of spaniels, but we only know of three now which still survive in their purity, at least in any number the Clumber, the Sussex, and the Norfolk spaniels. Oho great merit in spaniels is that they are dogs whom one can have in the house without any in convenience, and who aro a great ornament to the drawing-room rug, where they should be admitted to bask after a long day in the woods or on tho marshes. -St. James's Ga:titc. DICKENS AS AN Eniron.-Everybody knows that charming "Roundabout Paper" of Thackeray's, which bears the title " Thorns in the Cushion." It sets forth the sorrowful talo of a soft-hearted and unpractical literary man placed in editorial charge of an important monthly magazine. "Ah me!" exclaimed the author of" Vanity Fair," after quoting examples, " we wound whero we never intended to strike, we create anger where we nover meant barm; and theso thoughts aro the thorns in our cushion." Thackeray was too sensitive to make a good editor; and it was well, both for him and for the CarnhHl Ma/jachw, that ho resigned his post to his friend and son-in-law, Mr. Leslie Stephen. Jt was far otherwise with Thackeray's great contemporary, Charles Dickens. Dickens, while j cjuick to detect genius, had no hesitation in crushing incompetence and mediocrity. Among some autograph letters sold last week in London by auction was the following, addressed to Mr?. Gaskell. It is dated j February 21,:-" I take the earliest opportunity of answering your letter. I have been so closely occupied sinco its receipt that this in tho first dis engaged morning on which I have found time to read tho enclosed papers. I am sorry to say that I cannot have the pleasure of accepting them. They posses* ' no kind of characteristic to render them available. Between ourselves- and not for the information of their authoress-they aro of that intensely dreary and commouplaco description to which not even the experience of this place reconciles my wondering mind. Everybody could write such things, I imagine, but how anybody can contentedly Bit down to do it is inscrutable. Dou t you feel the same astonishment? People don't plungo into churches and play the organ without knowing tho notes or having the ghost of an ear. Yet fifty people a day rush into manuscript who have no earthly qualification but the actual physical art of writing." Why Mrs. Gaskell-a literary woman-rhould have bothered D:ckcns with these " dreary and commonplace " manuscripts, is a some what difficult question to answer. Charles Dickens was very careful always to respect the proprieties in the publications that he controlled. In a recently published criticism of " Griffith Gaunt" he confesses that tho book contains passages which, as Euitor of Household Words, he would not bo able to pass. But apparently ho did not go to far as the late Mr. Bentley, tho publisher. The following letter in addressed by Dickens to a contributor to JJc7i(lc>/n Miscellany (now Temple liar):-" Tho cause of the delay of your paper is simply this. Mr. Bentley considers it too broad, nlihongii it does not strike me as bqing so broad as to render its insertion dangerous. The question is whether you can so alter it as to make tho doubtful lady a mantuamuker, and give theinter Tiow more of a ' courting character.'" i Tiib SPECIE IIOOM on SnmioAno.-In these days of heavy gold shipments tho specie room on the steamship is a very important institution. It is located in an out-of-the-way plnco amidships, under the saloon. Few of tho passengers know of its existence, or of the valuable treasure that is carried across the ocean with them. The room varies slightly .on different ships, but is usually about lGft. long by 10ft. wide, and 8ft. high. It is constructed of steel jlates one-quarter of an inch thick and strongly riveted together. The floor, the ceiling, and the walla are all of steel plates. There is a heavy door also made of pteel. It is provided with two English patent Icok4, a variety of combination lock that 19 ei> be..Jurglar proof. The gold and silver ia in.baw, but oocawonally a quantity of coin ia _. ? ' 