OLD ANTE KTE-W. (By the Wrecker. Picturesquely nestling in its cradle of hills, Yass has a charming appearance, when looked down upon from any of the many " coigns of vantage " which abound amidst its neighbour- ing heights. And it is an historic town, to boot ; or, if that expression be too strong, a town with a history — which history I'm not going to write, this time, any way. " Old and new" is writ above, but by "old " is meant in this connection only some quarter of acenttny ago when this scribe's personal wrecker-tedious of your town, dear editor, began. .» i A hurried passing visit to Yass. — A pleasant ' drive round and about its streets, reserves and environs — and' one sound, that of St. Augus tine's silver-toned bell, most musical, most eloquent, evoked 'oh ! ever so many memories. In the streets were not a few "old familiar faces" (the hair about them grizzlier than of yore), but, ah, me, how many were missing. I saw the ghosts of them, though, in my mind's eye — of lean Laidlaw; of rotund Morgan O'Connor; of Lillingston' the impulsive; of " Kerry Dick ; " of cocky little Cottrell ; of George Lawson, strange cross of business-man and philosopher ; of honest irascible Dr. Blake and his blackthorn ; of erect, slightly pompous George Allman ; of dandy Pierce Goold on his) prancing chestnut steed ; of sturdy William McBeanjof kind hearted by Rees Jones — of scores on scores of others, most of them long passed away from life's" dciud horrid grind." I caught just a glimpse ot the stately (!) form of that pillar-like institution of Yass, R. W. Pearson, who (as of old) still looks, where e'er he takes his walks abroad, as though thewhole town and the counties of King and of Murray, as well belonged to him in fee simple. That admirable representative of Yass interests, plain- speakine. straieht-actinc Tom Colls I met and visited, finding him just the same good sort as ever, and, pon my word, I do believe younger and more fit for a frolic than he was in the latter " sixties." And ere I came across that oldish identity, Argyle McCallum, whose faint(!) lispings of speech when dis cussing economic questions and damning the differential railway rates remind one of another old Yassite, Tans well the Whisperer , who, when e'er he spoke in Yass could be easily heard at Sharpening-stonc Creek. Pat Bren- ' nan, I didn't meet — does he still breed game fowls, I wonder ? And does ever a cock of them crow, or ravel from its band-box to the discomfiture of its owner and the amazement of a reverend gentleman sitting alongside him in the buggy ? But, pace else I shall be having a lot of duels on my hands. . Before going into what may be called the details of the rough comparison, I wish to insritute between Yass new and the 7ass of a generation ago, I will say a word or two of the general impression. made by the sudden coup d'ceil presented to my optics when I gazed down on the dear old place from the precincts of " Black " town. Yass, (othe constant resident therein, may be dull, may seem, just now, precious depressed, may -appear to be making hut slight headway, municipally and otherwise. Yass, however, to one who has not seen it for many years, appears to be a town on which steady sub stantial Progress has set the most visible marks and indefeasible tokens. New buildings, public and " private, many of them of con siderable architectural charm ; new institutions foremost amongst them the tram ; a splendidly promising park in lieu ol a tempest-channel- seamed slope of bleak wastelands ; ornamental trees everywhere livening up things with gleaming foliage ; at nhrhl, lines of gis lamps indicating the extension of the town more forcibly than any daylight views ; the growth of lovely gardens and shrubberies round about homestead after homestead — notably about " NVeetaiabah" on the hill, and "Cliftonwood" in the valley, and round "Shantallah, " "Fifield"and " Rathluba," and the Presby terian manse, and scores of others which now to enumerate would take too long and fill too much of your space. . Municipal action has evidently been efficient and earnest. Con sidering the manifold limitations under which that action has had and still has to be prose cuted in New South Wales, and the compara tive sniallness of local municipal revenue, it is really wonderful how much solid good of real progressive character has been achieved by those Yass aldermen whom so many flippant croakers have year after year been pleased to ridicule or calumniate (or both) as factious do- ndthings. If you'd seen Scotia's roads before they were made you'd have raised up your hands and hlessed General Wade— so ran (or somewhat like it) an old non -Jacobite epigram ; and in similar fashion one might say, if you'd seen Pass streets before they were made, you'd vow to the Council big. thanks should be paid. | Bale gammon. ' One is fain to acknowledge that but for two ,(dr perhaps three) antagonistic things, Yass Would have made even more progress . than it has done of late years. These three things arc noticeable to a half blind man — ay to a wholly blind one, if he can see with his brains. I thus enumerate them: — i. The wretched insufficiency of the New South Wales Munici pal System, which is no more real Local Self Government than Black, M.P. is a white man : 2\. The hedging-in environment of Yass by big estates, the owners of which (though good enough individuals in their way) more or less unavoidably occupy the position of the dog in the manger preventing the People from enjoy ing lands which they themselves put to no good purpose, judging things from the stand point of national interests : 3. The wickedly unjust differential railway rates system whereby Sydney and Sydney interests are made the sole I obiects of the consideration of the traffic | Executive of our so-called State Railways — J pro -Sydney Railways they should be named ! j s. j What was (a quarter of a century ago) the j " huh " of Yass for an hour or so daily, each ! side of noon — I allude to that part of Rossi- j street in which " The Globe," the old " Courier" j Office and the old Couit House, etcetera, were I situated is now comparatively speaking a | desolate spot. It is no longer a spot worthy , to he termed a 'Change The "Globe" j (wherein Owen Hilly and " Kerry Dick" and i Josh Shipway ana others once lorded it en j maitre d' hotel and the scene of many an im- I portant public meeting, many an electioneering j caucus, many a rare frolic) is now as vacant as I Yorick's skull. I remember of one visit to the i '"Globe"' in the wee sma' hours of a cold j winter's night, or rather morning. The par, lour was in gloom, not absolutely dark. In one comer sat a bibulous J.P. his hat half oyer his face in stertorous slumber: opposite him, in somewhat similar plight, sat the constaoie on niuht dutv (!) When mine host appeared in response to the tintinahiilation of the bell, I first of all clapped the J.P. on the shoulder; and then the constable, following up with "what'll you have?" Each, half sobered, recognised the other, and then incontinently and headlong made for the door, making no reply to my hospitably meant query ; though I do verily believe that it was much against their respective grains to forego a gratuitous " ball." 1 mind me, too, of the after midnight entry into the Globe bar of a wild young gentleman now a most steady and not undistinguished Civil servant. His mode of entry was on this wise, crowned with a preposterously tall Yankee hat, mounted on an ass (with his face towards cuddy's tail) and escorted by some score or so of shrieking merry makers, in he careered ! I wonder if he's ever confided to his wile that earliest of his successes at the bar ! In the building adjoining " 7 he Globe" (at various times a store before the date to which 1 am about to refer) was held the celebrated " Burlesque Bushrangir.g Banquet " in sarcastic congratulation of the action of Sir Hercules Robinson (then Governor) in releasing Frank Gardiner. Harold Stephen, a son of the red flannel healer, and subsequently one of the members for Manaro — an eccentric, clever flighty cuss, who was everything by. turns and nothing long, got the affair up. Advance proofs of the report of the smartly arranged proceed ings (which culminated in the dramatic (sham) shooting down of the chairman by two masked marauders) were despatched to all the leading metropolitan papers throughout the colonies, with the result that although the conservative old fogeydom of Yass resented the chivoo as a mark of disloyalty' 'o tbc Queen's Represen tative, calmly critical opinion in Melbourne, Adelaide and Brisbane endorsed it as a very clever and politically apropos piece of fooling. (To bo continued.) 