A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palace was fi11i5hr.1l tho empress appointed a day for taking posses. Eton of it; and the elite of tbe guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men, mounted guard in the new castle. A long,dark corridor lead to the middle doorot the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of tbe young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who coold hare any business 'at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only I01 the re ception of foreign ambassadors f One of the young men considered it .his duty to investi gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as be had' glanced through the keyhole he.called to his companion in a whisper to .come nearer. " The empress has already arrived," whisp ered be; she is seated on the throne,directly opposite to tbe door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet. canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Bossia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; bat it was Impos sible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock ailowed no side view of the apartment.' The young men returned to their posts ..and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers aDDeared and s»id_— " You can. all now retire t the empress will, not come to-night." . " But her majesty is already lien." "What? Who?" « Her majesty is in the throne-room." *' Impossible 1" " You can see for yourself." _ ; The officer looked, immediately recog- '**•' nised the empress, and said wonderingly,— ± '-v-~ '"'"I cannot understand what the marsha.. • means. He has just arrived, and ordered .' i that all the guards be withdrawn ; . ^; the empress has changed her mind; and will not arrive to-night. Herertbe- . less, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ascer- . tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em press may pass this way." ■"? : ' ? The marshal, Prince Euratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard . y-yy of the mysterious report hastened to the cor- .5 ridor, and peeped in his turn through the keyhole. " '■% " My God, it is the empress 1 Her majesty : ; S herself 1 What can it mean i" exelaimedhe. " How can this be possible, when I have just ' left her presence 1 She was -dressed in her . ^ •• usual every-day attire, and I see her in her . ;. ^ own royal robes and jewels. There must be .. V .i some mysteiy behind this. Let all . entrances to the throne-room be , i guarded! Let no one go in or out 1 I Will hasten to report at once." ; The distance between the two housea being qnite short, the marshal aoon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by the ' : :-/;i empress. ' - " Where is the empress V! -; i-; " In her sleeping apartment." r " The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— "Are you sure that the empress is here?" " Of course; she is preparing to retire" • -- ,'0§5 '•Inform her instantly that I am here.".. y In a few minutes Prince Euratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in ■ \;:l in niubt necliuee. ' Karatin turned pale, " "Well," said the empress," you look as if "ou had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's ,ame is the matter with you? Is there any" lews from the army2" Karatin hurriedly related what he had " men. " It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. ' We will take a nearer look at these corne lians. I will go in your sleigh, Kui&tin; you can mount behind. Horry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas telian was ordered to bring the . key of .the throne room; six grenadiers were com nanded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves tc the corridor. The light shone as before through the key hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The -impress stepped within the room, followed "by her guard who placed themselves around >er. The room was brilliantly illuminated -iat empty. On the throne was seated » <iiape, the counterpart of 'Elizabeth arrayed n purple and ermine, covered with •iamonds, and crowned.with the royal din lem. One instant" Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her ci§g≤, then moved for -.-.ird a few st£gs. ^Simultaneously the ap parition stood i up, stepped down from tie hrone, and then remained standing as im- . uovabiy still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 "Fire 1" crUj& the empress. The guardSjfaised their guns and all six i mcd directly at the ghostly visitant. Tin riggers snapped. At the same instant the igure, clapped its bauds together, and the ;oora was suddenly plunged into intense farbness. Then followed a great commo- ' inn and confusion, while the emprcsi ..■died,— "Bring lights 1" Lights were Bpeedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absi> .'utcly nothing could be found to elucidate ■ he mystery. Every door was locked an.i guarded. The guards bad seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in-vain A-erc all efforts made to discover ths per petrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit. Sigh! weeks afterward* she died. JTofc Good Grammar.—A yonng lady wat sitting with her lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her knee was a diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, wore the rest of the company. Says .the ittle niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. ~ " Auntie, kiss me, too." " • We leave yon to imagine what had-hap pened. ' " Yon should say twice, Ethel, dear; two is not grammar," wsH the immediate re* joinder. Clever girk A Professional- — " Beautiful ^port beautiful," said the bagman. " Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down his paper, rcshed across the room and grasped Mm warmly by the hand. " Allow me to congratulate you, tit," hfc said," I am a professional myself." " Professional sportsman J" " No; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)—"Well, girl—" Son (imploringly)—"Forgive me. I know how deeply 1 have wronged yon; but I am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If & .future life of honesty—" Fathee (angrily)—'■ Honesty J ha, ha! Who prates of honesty to a retired ige dealer!" Baron Hans Von Leers, now at one of the fashionable watering places, is described ss nearly seven feet tall. In this respect he must compare favorably with any of the hotel bille. Against the Bnles.—First Hod Carrier : " Whet did the Wilkin' Diligate fine ye fcr. Mike?" Second Ditto: " For comin' down the ladder two rounds at a time.'; 