CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. An open-air fete in aid of the building fund of St, Matthew's Church Kensington, was held on the grounds of the Hon. W. Cavenagh -<*> Mainwaring Marryatville, on Saturday after- noon and evening, s. sale of plain and fancy goods was held in a marquee, where fruit and other refreshments were provided. Afternoon tea was served from 3 pun. to 5 p-m. and meat tea from Cpm. to 7.30 p.m. Outside of the tent lawn tennis, archery,. Punch and Judy, and other amusements diversified the pleasure* of tbe fair. The Eastern Suburban Band played at intervals. The attendance was good and the proceeds were satisfactory. Anniversary services in connection with the Draper Memorial Church were begun on Sunday, when the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, chair man of West Australian district, preached both morning and evening to large congrega tions. In the morning the rev. .gentleman based his remark?On Mathew xxvii", 18, whilst the basis of tiie evening discourse was on the Epistle of John, chap, iv., verse 8, "God is love." In the afternoon a choral service, en titled " The King of Glory, 9 was rendered by a choir of 200 voices, the Rev. P. O. Thomas leading the devotions. Collections were made at each service in aid of trust funds. The ser vices will be continued this eveaiing, when tea and public meetings will be held, at the latter of which Sir John Colton will preside. On Sunday evening the Rev. G. K. Rowe, in the Archer-street Methodist Church, North Adelaide, delivered to a crowded con gregation an address on "Helpers in our homes, or the blessedness and dignity of ser vice." In an earnest and powerful discorusa the preacher showed how all the varying activities of our daily life were covered by tbe Gospel of Christ. The everyday life of the people was made np of busy work, which, when performed in the spirit of' Christ, was transformed into service far the Most High God. During the evening the choir rendered the anthems "I will arise" (Cecil) and *'In humble faith and holy love" (Garett); whila the solo, "Take my life" (Havergal), was feelingly given by Miss Hawks. There was a large representation of "Helpers from tbe Homes in North Adelaide present during the service. Missionary services in connection with the Franklin-street Bible Christian Church were held on Sunday, when tiie Rev. H. W. Horwill, M.A., conducted the services in,the morning and evening. In tbe morning, taking as a text Matthew xiii. 33, the rev. gentleman showed that the duty of the church was to transform the world by saturatim* it with Christian principles. In the afternoon a young people's service was conducted by the Revs. J. Trewin and T. M. Flood. At the evening service the Rev. H. W. Horwill based his re marks on the text Zechariah iv. <•, and pointed out that the greatest force in the world was neither physical strength, money, nor mteDeot, but the power of the Holy Ghost, which was needed to cleanse, to illuminate, to give zeal and en thusiasm and to shed abroad the love of God is the heart Harvest thanksgiving services wereheldattbe Malvern Wesleyan Church on Sunday, when the Rev. J. C. Hill preached appropriate ser mons in the morning and afternoon, while the Rev. J. R. Bradbury conducted services in the evening. There were large congregations, and the church was beautifully decorated. Oa Monday a garden fete was heldjan the grounds opposite the church, kindly lent by Mr. T. J. Matters for tbe occasion. There was a fair attendance when Lady Colton declared the fete open to tbe public. Lady Colton in a few appropriate words' wished the sale of goods every success so that the debt on the church might be materially reduced. On the motion of the Rev. 3. Y. Simpson, seconded by Mr. T. J. Matters, Lady Colton was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Both gentlemen con gratiuated Sir John and Lady Colton upon the well deserved honor that had been con ferred upon tbem by her Majesty tbe Quean. The Rev. R. M. Hunter, in the unavoidable* absence of Sir John, responded oh behalf of Lady Colton. A brisk tnismess was done at tbe various stalls, over which Mnsdarnes Mat ters, Chewings, Gully, Parks, and Williams, and Misses Mabel Matters and Williams presided. In the evening the grounds were illuminated, (and a programme of vocal and instrumental musio was carried out by tha Archer-street Orchestral Band and Company. The annual harvest tianksgiving services in connection with Bt, Michaels Church, Mitcham, were held on Sunday last, when the building was very tastefully adorned with corn, flowers, and frnit. There were large atten dances, especially in the morning, when tha Bishop of Adelaide preached. In the afternoon he addressed the Sunday-schooL The children subscribed £1 for the Children's Hospital at this service. The inctrmbent (Rev, F. W. SamweH) discoursed in the evening on tha words "Give us this day our daily bread.*' The choral seroces were rendered "*"dltl"jaugh out, the anthem "Oh, taste and see" (Goes) being especially well sung. Anniversary services in connection with the Draper Memorial Church were continued on Monday evening, when tea and public meet ings, which vera well attended, ware held. At the public meeting Sir John Colton pre sided over a large attendance. The pastor (the Rev. P. C Thomas) reported that the church membership was etui in a satisfactory condition. During the year £164 lis. lOd. had been paid off the enmch debt and tbe otnuch renovated, while a loan of £160 had also beer*. liquidated. Appropriate musio was rendered by the choir, and a collection was made in aid of the trust fund. 