MORE PHYSICAL WONDERS. The Rev. Minot Savage, in the Arena for September, gives us his second instalment of vvtsll-autheniieated oases illustrating the mysterious powers of psyehometrists, clair voyants, mediums, and other gifted persons. Most of his anecdotes are taken from hia seances with Mrs. Piper, a lady who, to put it roughly, knocked the bottom out ot the scepticism of th6 Psychical Research Society. When Mr. Savage first saw her, she immediately described the spirit of his father, and said that his father told her that they called Mr. Savage JudBou," which was & habib bis father had during his son's youth, which he, however, discontinued 15 years before ^ his death. She also said that he had a peculiar bare spot on his head on the right-hand side. _ The bald spot was the result of a burn which had oc curred before Minot Savage was born, lie gives several other cases like that. Mr. Savage then tells a somewhat extraordinary story of a little girl of 12, the spirit of whoso grandfather watched over her, saving her from all fear of being in the dark. On another occasion she saw and minutely described to her father a young lady whom he had been m love with before he fell in love with her mother, and gave information which was cer tainly not known to her. A USEFUL GHOST. Mr. Savage brings his paper to a close by telling an interesting story of the way in which a clergyman in one of the New England States suddenly experienced a very strange and powerful nervous shock, as if an electrical current had been applied to the base of his brain and passed down his wbole body to his feet. Immediately he saw the face and form of a gentleman who was a stranger to him, but who bore some sort of a resemblance to his friend who sat near. He also saw his name and then he heard, although not by his ears, the following message:— " Tell my brother that a piece of property which I once owned and which by deatb fell to my heirs, and is now owned by my brother, is in danger of being lost to him. He must look after it at once or it will pass out of his hands." . . Mr. B. at once replied, however : It is not .possible that this can be true. I have all my tax bills on the various properties which i own in Nebraska. It is a mistake." A few days later, Mr. L., the psychic, sailed for a vacation trip tolEurope. He was absent several months. On his return he met Mr. B. one day, and he said : "Oh, about that matter in Nebraska I looked over my papers soon after you went away, and found that one of my tax bills on a certain piece of property was missing.. I felt sure that I had received it. But I found that I had been mistaken. I at once wrote to my . agent (in Nebraska), and requested hiin to send the tax bill to me. The agent wrote that, through his own oversight, the lessee had been allowed to pay the tax on the property, aud had taken as security what is called a tax lien. The payment of these taxes, and the taking of such liens for a certain length of time will, in the end, entitle the lessee to a warrantee deed of the property. Mr. Savage concludes by sayingThe story is authenticated in such a way as would make it good evidence in the hands of any judge, or before any jury in Christendom." CAN GHOSTS BE PHOTOGRAPHED? Prof. Elliot Coues in tlie Californian for September lias a copiously illustrated paper in which he discusses the question "Can Ghosts be Photographed 2" He does not answer the question either way. What he does bring out is the ease with which fictitious ghostly photographs can be produced. The literature on Ghost photography is very voluminous; but up to the present no conclusive result has been arrived atNo one magazine article can more than touch upon a tithe of what has been written. But it is all pretty much alike—a mass of minute descriptions of scenes, inci dents, processes, results, precautions against trickery, affidavits of witnesses, and perfect reliance on the genuineness of the phenomena, on the one hand; of the proof_ of im posture in many cases, and the picking to pieces of all the evidence in the rest of the cases, on the other hand; of declarations and denials, of claims and counterclaims, of explanations that explain nothing, and of theories that count for nothing. By the time one has waded through it all, as I have, he may seem to himself to have chased an iynis fatuus in the night of his own ignorance, and perhaps conclude, not that a phantom can be photographed, but that spirit photography is itself a phantom of the mind. A JAMAICA GHOST STORY. The Victorian Quarterly for July, published in Jamaica, contains an article by E. N. MaeLaughlin on "Second Sight," which tells the story of an apparition at the moment of death. The writer when 8 or 9 years of age, about a quarter to 2 in the afternoon, was playing with his brother, when suddenly lifting my head I saw approaching us from the west along the private path an old man whose counte nance, naturally florid, was now evidently paler than was its wont. He wore white whiskers and beard, the latter shorn away from the chin, but leaving a deep fringe under the throat, and hi3 face was otherwise clean shaven. He was dressed in white duck trousers, and a shirt made from calico, printed with alternate plain and figured stripes once of a violet hue, but now pale from washing; both articles of dress evidently just put on. Tim absence of other garments was not an un common circumstance in a seaside village such as ours was, but I cannot now distinctly re member whether he wore boots, or hat, or both. He was a perfect stranger to me, and walked leisurely by, with nothing unnatural about him, except that his gaze was fixed intently before, and that he took_ no notiee whatever of me or my companions though he was only a few yards away. His playmate saw nothing, and when he told his father he said, " I am sure that Mr. W. must be dead," mentioning the name of an elderly gentleman some ten miles away. Some time afterwards a horse galloped up, and the rider said that old Mr. W. had died that after noon. Two weeks afterwards the son of the deceased called upon his father, and the boy was called in to tell what he had seen:— " It is most singular," said the visitor, when my story was ended, "but every detail is perfect. On that morning my father ap peared so much better that some of the family believed the change to he permanent; I though differently, and when he asked to be shaved and dressed in order to get up, I put him off till one o'clock; but as he persisted I at last yielded. After I had shaved him exactly as the child describes, he had his whole wardrobe produced before he could be satisfied, and at last he selected and desired us to dress him in a white duck trousers and a colored shirt, printed with alternate plain and figared stripes, violet colored, but somewhat faded from washing. When these had been put on he sat up for a while, and then said, 'I am very tired, let mo lie down.' We adjusted the pillows and laid him down, and within five minutes after he breathed his last." " And the hour," asked my father, " what was the exact time of death ?" " Seventeen minutes to two o'clock," was the reply. " A difference of two minutes," my father remarked. 