HE WASN’T A CHIP OF THE OULD BLOCK. MrFlauagsn : “Oi don’t know pbwat Oi well do wid me bye Micky. Faitb, he’s a bad yenng spalpeen.” Mr O’Ronrke: “ Phwat hez he been after doin’ ?" Mr Flanagan: “ Sore be kim home last noight rollin’ a beer keg that he’d stbole from the Saloon av the Dootohmon bt> yant.” Mr O'Rourke : “ Sore’s he’s a Oliver bye is Mioky.” Mr Flanagan : “ That’s phvat Oi t’ought, an’ Oi was jost after tellin’ him he was a ohip av the ould block, when Oi discovered the keg was empty.” Mr O’Ronrke : “Oi hope ye tesched a lesson for thavin’?” Mr Flanagan: “ Begobs, Oi thii* he’s a howlin’ yet from the bastin' 1 give A painstaking man—a dentist. Startling figures—ghosts. A horse may pall with all its might, bnt never with its mane. Inap Year—Rosalie : “What did Jack say when yon proposed to him ?” Grace: •*He was too frightened to say anything—bo silence gave consent." When a washerwoman obangee her place of residence, one may ask her “ where she hangs out now ” without using slang. Anaient female : “ How much would yon take me for?” Cate Photographer: “About twenty font mom.” He got the job. A poet asks: “ What ie warmer than a woman's love ?” We infer that he never pioked np a newly-ooined horse ehoe fresh from the forge. Magistrate: “If 1 let yon off this time will yon promise not to come back here again ?” Prisoner: “ Yes, sir. Tbe fact is, I didn’t come voluntarily this time.” He (very tenderly): “Darling, you are the only girl I ever loved.” She (coquettisbly): “ Oh, pshaw 1 Yon can’t imagine how mnah fan yon have missed.” ( . “ Waiter, this steak is muah smaller than the one I had yesterday. How’s that ?’’ *• Oh, it comes from a smaller ox.” “ You eay 1 was born in London, pa. Where was mother born ?” “ In Doblin.” “ Aad where were you born, pa ?” “ In Gloucester.” _ “ It’s very strange, pa, isn’t it, that we three should harve met ?” He : “ Mildred, will yon be my wife ?” She: “Well, not to-day.” He : “ Oh. Mildred, how can yon speak so flippantly?” She: “Flippantly? How do you sup pose I could possibly be your wife to-day 1 1 should want at least two weekB to get ready in.” A young dandy, from the town, once made the acquaintance of a pretty and lovely milkmaid, and being greatly enamoured with her charms, he went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for tbe purpose of seeing her. Not knowing the creature’s name—for, like all flirts she had given him some ball dozen different ones— be asked the soar looking man who was stacking manure in the yard— '* How’s the milk maid V’ The man did not think he was referring to Mary, tbe milkmaid, but only meant fooling him. so be replied— ** My young back, as don’t make oar milk —ns gets it from the sows.” Alexander Dumas was one day the guest of Dr Gistal, a leading pvaotitioner in Marseilles. After dinner, white the coffee was being handed round, the boat requested tbe great novelist to eurieh hie album with one of hie witty improvisations. “ pssininly,” gpliad Dumas, with a smile; and drawing -out a pencil, he wrote, under the eyes of his entertainer, the following Sines Dr Gistal came to our town To core diseases easual and hereditary, The hospital baa been polled down — “Yon flatterer 1” exclaimed the doctor, mightily pleased ; bnt the poet went on— And we have made a larger cemetery.” Mr Feeder: "This vest wants to be ■ little larger round the waist, Schneider.” Schneider: "Bat it fits yonperfeetly now, rir.” Mr Feeder: " 1 know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners.” Married in white, yon have chosen all right. Married in grey, yon will go far away; Married in black, yon will wish yonrseU bask’; ' Married in ted, yon will wish yourself dead; Married in. nieen, afraid to be aera; Mani-.a in blue, ha will always ba true; M hnied in pea/I, yon will live in a whirl; Married in yellow, ashamed ol your fellow; Married in brown, yon will live out of town; Married in pink, your spirit wiD sink; 