NICK OF THE WOODS. .0 CHAPTER XI.-(Co.:vrrNUED.) "Now, friend," said Nathan, " thee will have more respect for Peter; for, truly, it was Peter told me of these things, when I was peaceably hunting my game in the forest. ie showed me the track of five ignorant persons rambling through the wood, as the hawk flies in the air, -round round, round, all the timo,-or likoan ox that has been browsing on the leaves of the book.eye; and he showed me that five evil. minded Shawnees were pursuing in their trail. (Tie buck-eye, or American hore- achostnut, seams to be uiversally considered, inthe West, a mortal poison, both fruit and leaves. Cattle aftlcted by it are said to play many remark. able antics, as if iutoxicated-turning, twisting and rolling about and around, until death closes their agonies.) So, thinks I to myself, ' these poor creatures will come to mischief, if no one gives them warning of their danger:' and, therefore, I started to follow, Teter showing me the way. And, truly, if there can any good come of me finding thee in this hard case, thee must give all the thanks and all the praise to poor Peter!" "I will never more speak ill of A~ dog, as long as I live," said Roland. " But let us away. I thought our best course was to the Lower lord; but, find, I am mistaken. We must away in thU opposite direction." "Notso," said Nathan, coolly; " Peter is of opinion that we must run the track over again ; and, truly, so am I. We must follow these same five Injuns; it is as much as our lives are Worth." " You are mad !" said Roland. "This will be to bring us right upon the skulking cut throats. Letus fly in another direction: the forest is open before us." " "And how long does thee think it will keep openl? Friend. I tell thee, thee is surrounded by Injuns. On the south, they lie at the Ford; on the west, is the river rolling along in a fion, : and at the east, are the roads full of Shawnees on the scout. Verily, friend, .there Is but little comfort to think of proceeding in any direction, even to the north, where there are five murdering creatures full before us. But this is my thought, and I rather think it is Peter's: if we go to theenorth, we know pretty much all the evil that lies before us, and how to avoi 1 t; whereas, by turning in either of the other quarters, we go into danger blindfold." " And how shall we avoid these five villains before sis?" asked tuland, anxiously. "By keeping them before us," replied Nathan, "that is, friend, by following them, until such time as they turn where thee turned before them (and, 1 warrant me, the evil creatures will turn wheresoever thee trail does, when we, if we have good luck, may slip Lquietly forward, and leave them to follow us, affer first taking the full swing of all thee roundabout vagaries. ' " Take your own course," said Roland; "it may be the best. We can, at the worst, but stumble upon these five; and then (granting that you can, in the meanwhile, bear the females off), I will answer for keeping two or three of the villains busy. Take your own course" he repeated ; " the night is darkening around us; we must do something." " Thee says the truth," cried Nathan. " As for stumbling unawares on the five evil persons thee is in dread of, trust Peter for that; thee 'shall soon see what a friend thee has in little dog Peter. Truly, fora peaceful man like me, it is needfullshould have some one to tell me when dangerous persons are nigh." With these words, which were uttered with a good countenance, showing how much his con ldeuce in the apparently insignificant Peter preserved him .from the fears natural to his character and situation, the man of peacepro 'aeded to marshal the company in a line, directing them to follow Ihim in that order, and earnestly impressing upon all the necessity of preserving strict silence upon the march. 'this being done, he boldly strode forwards, taking a post at length two hundred paces in advance of the others, at which distance, as he gave Re land to understand, he desired the party to follow, as was the more necessary, since their being mounted rendered them the more liable to be observed by distant enemies. "If thee sees me wave my hand above my head," were his last instruction to the young soldier, who 'began to be well pleased with his readiness and forecast, "bring thee people to ahalt; it thee sees me drop upon the ground, lead them Sunder the nearest cover, and keep them quiet; .for thee may then be certain there is mischief, or mischievous people nigh at hand. But ,verily,' friend, with Peter's help, we will cir. eumvent them all." With this cheering assurance, he now strode forward to his station, and coming tea halt "with his dog Peter, Roland immediately beheld the latter run to a post forty or fifty paces further in advance, when he paused to re eerve the final orders of his master, which Swere given with a motion of the same hand that, a moment after, beckoned the party to follow. Had Roland been sufficiently nigh to take note of proceedings, he would have admired the conduct of the httle brute, the unerring accuracy with which he pursued the trail, the soft and noiseless motion with which he stepped fromleaf to leaf; casting his eyes ever and anon to the right and left, and winding the air before him, as if in reality conscious of peril, and sensible that the welfare of the six mortals at his heels depended upon the faithful exercise of all his sagacity. These things, however, from the distance, Roland was unable to ohaerve; but he saw enough to convince him that the animal addressed itself to its task with as much zeal and prudence as its master. A sense of security, the first felt for several hours, now began to disperse the gloom that had oppressed his spirits; and Edith's countenance. throughout the whole of the adventure a faithful, though doubtless somewhat exaggerated, reflection of his own, also lost much of its melancholy and terror, though without ait any moment regain ing the cheerful smiles that had decked it at the setting out. It was left for Roland alsne, as his mind regained its elasticity, to marvel at the motley additionsby which his party had in creased in so short a timroeto twice its original number, and to speculate on the prospects of an expedition committed to the guidance of such a conductor as little Peter. CHAPTER XII. The distance at which Roland with his party .followed the guides, and the gloom of the woods. prevented his making any close ob servatifns upon their motions,.unless when some swelling ridge, nearly ldestitute of trees, ?brought them nelrer to the light of the upper air. At other times he could do little more than follow withl his eye the tall figure of NRatban, plunging from shadow to shadow, and knoll to knoll, with a pace both free and rapid, and little resemblilsg the shambling, hesitating step with which he moved among the haunts of hi's contemners and oppressors. As for the dog, little Peter. he was osly with difficulty seen when ascending some esch illuminalted knollas has been mentioned, wheni he might be traced creeping along with unabated vigilance and ,maution. It was while ascending one of these low and almostbare swells of ground, that the little animal gave the first proof of that sagnacityv or wisdom, as Nathan called it, on which the latter seemed to rely for safety, so much more than on his own experience and address. He had na sooner reached the summit of the knoll, than he abruptly came to a stand, and by and bye cowered to the earth, as if to escape the observation of enemiesin front, whoso presence he indicated in no other way, unless by a few twitches and flourishes of his tail, which, a moment after, became as rigid and motionless as if, with his body, it had been esudldenly convertedinto stone. The whole action, as far as Roland could notice it, was similar to that of a well-trained spaniel marking game; and such was the interpretation the soldier lint upon it, until Nathan, suddenly stopping, waved his hand as asignal to the party to halt, which was immediately obeyed. The next moment Nathau was creeping up the hill to inveastilgate the cause of alarm, which he proceepded to do with great caution, asif well persuanded there was danger at hand. Indeed,he hod not reached the brow of the eminence when Roland beheld him sud denly drop upon his face, thereby giving the best evidence of the existence of peril of an extreme and urgent character. The young Vsrginan remembered the instruc tions of his guide to seek shelter for his party the moment this signal was given; and, accord angly, he led his followers. without dlelay, into a little tangled brake hard by, where le charged them to remain in quiet, until the cause of the interruption habouldbe ascertained and removed. From the edge of the brake, he could see the guide, still maintaining his position on his face, yet dragging himself ulpward, like a snake, until he had reached the top of the hill, and looked over into the maze of forest beyond. In this situation he lay for several moments. appa sently deeply engaered with the scene before him, when Forrester, impatient of his silence and delay, anxiously interested in every turnm orf events, and perhaps unwilling, at a season of difficulty, to rely altogether on Nathan's anaided observations, gave his horse in charge of Emperor, and ascended the-eminence him melf, taking care, however, to do as Nathan behad done, and throw himself upon the ground when near its summit. In this way he sac. rboed in creeping to 'Nathan'aside, when the meuseof alarm was soon made marfusaet. The fnrest beyond theb ridge wos for acon siderable distance open and free from under i growth, the trees standing wide apart, and 272) thus admitting a broad extent of vision, though now contracted by the increasing dusk of evening. Through this expanse, and in its darkest ccrucrs, flitting dimly along, Roland's eyes fell upon certain shadows, at first vague and indistinct, but which soon assumed the human form, marching one after the other in a line, and apparently approach. ing the very ridge on which he lay', each with the stealthy yet rapid pace of a wild cat. They were but fiveo in number, but the order of their march, the appearance of their bodies seemingly half naked, and the busy intentness with which they pursued the trail left so broad and open by the inexperienced wanslerers, would have convinced Roland of their savage character had he possessed no other evidence than that of his own senses. " They are Indians," he muttered in Nathan's car. " Shawnee creatures," said the latter, with edifying coolness, "and will think no more of taking thoscalps of these two poor women than of digging off thee own." " There are but five of them, and--" The young man paused, and the gloom that a spirit so long harassed by fears, though fears for another, had spread over his countenance, was exchanged for a look of fierce decision that better became his features. " Hnrkee, man," he abruptly resumed, "we cannot pass the ridge without being seen by them ; our horses are exhausted, and we cannot hope to save them by open flight.'' " Verily," said Nathan, " thee speaks the truth." " Nor can we leave the path we are pur suing without fear of falling into the hands of a party more numerous and powerful. Our only path of escape, you said, was over this ridge, and towards yonder lower ford ?" "Truly," said Nathan, with a lugubrious look of assent, " what thee says is true.; but how are we to fly the evil-minded creatures, with poor frightened women hanging to our legs -" " We will not fly them !" said Roland, the frown of battle gatherisng on his brows. " Yonder crawling reptiles-reptiles in spirit as in movement-have been dodging our steps for hours, waiting for a moment when to strike with advantage at my defenceless followers; and they will dog us still, if permitted, until there is no escape from their knives and hatchets for either man or woman. There is a way of stoppi ng them-there is a way of re quiting tlme !' "Truly," said Nathan, " there is no such way: unless we were wicked men of the world nSd lighting imene, and would wage battle with them I " " Why not meet the villains in their own way? Thereare but five of them, and footmen, too P By heavens, man, we will charge them -cut them to pieces, and so rid the world of them ! Four strong men like us, fighting, too, in the defence of women--"--' " Four !" echoed Nathan, looking wonder and alarm together ; " does thee think to have me do the wicked thing of shedding blood? Thee should remember, friend, that I am a follower of peaceful doctrines, a man of peace and amity !" "What!" said Roland, warmly, "would you not defend your life from the villain. ? Would you suffer yourself to be tomahawked, unresisting, when a touch of the trigger under your finger, a blow of the knife at your belt, would preserve the existence nature and heaven alike call you protect ? Would you lie still, like a fettered ox, to be butchered? " "Truly," said Nathan, "I would take my elf away ; or, if that might not be, why then, friend--verily, friend, if I could do nothing else-truly, I must then give myself up to be murdered." "Spiritless, mad, or hypocritical!" cried Roland, with mingled wonder and contempt. Then, grasping his strange companion by the arm, he cried, "FHarkee, man, if you would not strike a blow for yourself,-would you not strike it for another? What if you had a wife, a parent, a child, beneath the uplifted hatchet and you with these arms in your hands,-what! do you tell me you would stand and see them murdered F-I say, a wife or child !-the wife of your bosom,-the child of your heart? would you see them murdered ? " At this stirring appeal, uttered with in describable energy and passion, though only in a whisper, Nathan's countenance changed from dark to pale, and his arm trembled in the soldier's grasp, He turned upon him also a alook of extraordinary wildness, and muttered betwixt his teeth an answer that betokened as much confusion of mind as agitation of spirits: "Friend," he said, " whoever thee is, it matters nothing to thee what might happen, or what has happened, in such case made and provided. I am a man, thee is another ; thee has thee conscience, and I have mine. If thee will fight, fight ; settle it with thee conscience. If thee don't like to see thee kinswoman mur dered, and thee thinks thee has a call to battle, do thee beet with sword and pistol, gun and tomahawk; kill and slay to thee liking; if thee conscience finds no fault with thee, neither will I. But as for me, let theold Adam of the flesh stir me as it may, I have no one to fight for, wife or child, parent or kinsman, I have none: if thee willhunt the world over, thee will not find one in it that is my kinsman or relative." " But I ask you," said Roland, somewhat surprised at the turn of Nathan's answer, "I ask you, if you had a wife or child- " " But I have not," cried Nathan, interrupting him vehemently; "and, therefore, friend, why should thee speak of them? Them that are dead, let them rest ; they can never cry to me more.-Think of theeown blood, and do what seems best to thee for the good thereof." " Assuredly I would," said Roland, who, however much his curiosity was roused by the unexpected agitation of his guide, had little time to think of any affairs but his own, " Assuredly I would, could I only count upon your hearty assistance. I tell you, man, my blood boils to look at yonder crawling serpents, and to thinkof the ferocious object with which they are dogging at my heels ; and I woull give ayearof my life,-ay, if the whole number of years were but ten,-one whole year of all, for the privilege of paying them for their villainy beforehand." "Thee has thee two men to back thee," said Nathan, who had now recovered his compo sure; " and, with these two men, if thee is warlike enough, thee might do as much mis chief as thee conscience calls for. But, truly, it becomes not a man of peace like me to speak of strife and blood-Yet, truly," he added, hastily, "I think there must mischief come of this meeting; for, verily, the evil creatures are leaving thee tracks, and coming towards us! " "They stop!" said Forrester, eagerly, " they look about them.--they have lost the track, they are coming this way! You will not fight, yet you may counsel.-W-hat shall I do? ShiLIlattack them ? Whatcean Ido?" "Friend," replied Naithsn, briskly, "I can't tell what thee can do ; but I can tell thee what a man of Kentucky, a wicked fighter of Iujuns, would do in such a case made and provided. H" would betake him to the thicket where he had hidden his woinen and horses, and he would lie down with his fighting men behind a log; and truly, if these ill.disposed Injunimen were foolish enough to approach, he would fire upon them with his three guns. taking them by sur prise, and perhaps, wicked man, killing the better half of them on the spot: and then-" " Andthen," interrupted Roland. taking fire at the idea, "he would spring on his horse, and make sure of the rest, with sword and pistol?" " Truly," said Nathan, "he would do no ?uch thing; seeing that, the momentt he lifted up his head above the leg, he would be liker to have an Injun bullet through it than to see the wicked creature that shot it. Verly, a man of Kentucky would be wiser. l1e woulId take the pistols thee speaks of, sup posing it were his good luck to have them, and let fly at the evil-minded creatures with them also, not hoping, indeed, to do any execu tion with such emall ware, but to make the Injuns believe there were as many enemies as firearms; and truly, if they did not take to their heels after such a second volley, they would be foolisher Injuns than were over be. fore heard of in Kentucky." " By HIleaven," said Forrestcr, " it is good advice. and I will take it !" Advice, friend ! I don't advise thee," said Nathan, hastily; "truly I advise to nothing but peace and amity. I only tell thee what a wicked Xentucky fighting-man would do-a man that might think it, as many of them do, as lawful to shcot a prowling Injun as a skulking bear." " And I would to Heaven," said Roland, " I had but two- nay, hut one of them with me this instant. A man like Bruce were worth tie lives >f a dozen such scum.-I must do uy best." "Truly, friend," said Nathan, who bad listened to the warlike outpourings of the young soldier, withll a degree of complacency and admiration one wouli scarce have looked for in a man of his peaceful character, " thee has aconsciesice of tbhe own, and if thee will fight these Injun-men from an anmbush, truly, I will not censure, nor exhort thee to the con. trary. If thee can rely upon thee two men, the colored person and the other, thee may hold the evil creatures exceeding uneas?sy." "Alas," said Roland, the fire departing from his eyes, "you remind me of ,ny weakness. My men will not fight, unless from sheer desperation. E?mperor I know to be a coward; and I)Dolge, I fear, is no braver." "Verity," said Nathan. bluffly "it was foolish of thee to come into the wood,, in such company; foolisher still to think of tghting five Injnu-men with such followers to back thee; and truly," he added, "it was foolishest of all to put the safe-keeping of such helpless creatures into the hands of one who can neither fight for them nor for himself. Nevertheless, thee is as a babo and sucklting in the woods, and Peter and I will do the, best we can for thee. It is lucky for thee that, as thee cannot fight, thee has the power to fly : and, truly, for the poor women's sake, it is better thee should leave the woods in peace." With that, Nathan directed the young man's attention to the pursuiug foes, who, having by some mischance lost the trail, had scattered about in search of it, and at last recovered it, though notbefore two of them had approached so nigh the ridge on which the observers lay as to give just occasion for fear lest theyshould cross it immediately in front of the party of travellers. The tdeadly purpose with which the barbarians were pursuing him, ltolasd could infer from the cautious silence preserved while they were searching for the lost tracks, and even when these were regained, the dis covery was communicated from one to another merely by signs . not a man uttered so much as a word. In a few luominets, they were seen again, formed in a single file, stealing through the woods, with a noiseless but rapid pace, and, fortunately, bending their stops towards a dis tant part of the ridge, where Roland and his companions had so lately crossed it. " Get thee down to thee people," said Nath tn;'" load them behind the thicket, and, when thee sees me beckon thee, carry them boldly over the hill. Thee must pass it, while the Shawnee-men are behind yonder clump of trees, whichis soluokily forthee onthe very comb of the swell. Be quick in obeying, friend; or the evil creatures may catch sight of thee; thee has no time to lose." The ardour ot battle once driven from his mind, Roland was able to perceive the folly of risking a needless contest betwixt a superior body of wild Indian warriors and his own followers. But, had his warlike spirit been at its height, it must have been quelled in a moment, by the appearance of his party, left in the thicket, during his brief absence on the hill, to feed their imaninations with terrors of every appalling character; in which operation, as he judged at a glance, thegallasnt Dodge and Em. ueror had been even more industrious than the Iemales; the negro looking the very personifle. ation of mute horror, and bending low on his saddle, as if expecting every instant a shower of Indian bullets to be let fly into the thicket; while Pardon expressed the state of his feelings by crying aloud, as soon as Roland appeared, "I say, Laptiug, if you seed 'em, a'n't. there no dodging of 'em no how?" "We can escape, Roland!" ox :laimnod Edith, anticipating the soldier's news from his coun tenances ;' " the good man can save us :" " I hope, I trust so," replied the kinsman ; "we are in no immediate danger. Be com posed, and, for your lives, all now preserve silence." A few words sufficed to explain the posture of affairs, and a few seconds to transfer the party from its ignoble hiding-place to the open wood behind it; when Roland, casting his eyes to where Nathan lay motionless on the hill, awaited impatiently the expected signal. For tunately, it was soon given; and, in a few moments more, the party, moving briskly but stealthily over the eminence, had plunged into the dark forest beyond; leaving the baffled pursuers to follow afterwards as they might. "Now," said Nathan, taking postat Roland's aide, and boldly directing his course across the track of the enemy, "we have the evil creatures behind us; and, truly, there we will keep them. And now, friend soldier, since such thee is, thee must make thee horses do duty, tired or not; for if we reach not the Old Ford before dark. ness closes on us, we may find but ill fortune crossing the waters. lark, friend! does thee hear ?' he exclaimed, coming to a pause, as a sudden and frightful yell suddenly rose in the forest beyond the ridge, obviously proceeding from the five foes, and expressing at once sur prise, horror and latmentation: " Did thee not say thee found a dead Injun in the wood ?" "We did," replied the solder, "the body of an Indian, horribly manlgled; and if I am to believe the strange story I have heard of the Jibbenainosay, it was some of his bloody work." " It is good for thee then, and the maidens that is with thee," said Nathan; " for, truly the evil creatures have found that same dead man, being doubtless one of their own scouting companions; and, truly, they say the Injuns, in such cases made and provided, give over their evil designs, in terror and despair; in which case, as I said, it will be good for thee and thee companions. Butfollow, friends, and tarry not to ask questions. The poor women shall come to no harm, if Nathan Slaughter or little Dog Peter can help them." With these words of encouragement, Nathan, bounding along with an ac tivity that kept him ever in ad vance of the mounted wanderers, led the way from the open forest, into a labyrinth of brakes and bogs, through paths traced rather by wolves and bears than any nobler animals; so wild, so difficult, and sometimes, in appearance, so impracticable to be pursued, that Roland, bewildered from the first looked every moment to find himself plunged into difficulties from which neither the zeal of Nathan nor the sagacity of the unpretending Peter could extri; cats his weary followers. The night was coming fast, and coming with clouds and dis tant peals of thunder, the harbingers of new tempests; and how the journey was to be con. tinned, when darkness should at last invest them, through the wild mazes of vine andbrake in which they now wandered, was a question which he scarce durst answer. But night came; and still Nathan led the way with unabated confidence and activity, professing a very hearty contempt for all perils and difliculties of the woods, except such as proceeded from " evil-minded Shawnee creatures ;" and, indeed, avorring that there was scarce a nook in the forest, for miles around, with which he was not as well acquainted as with the patches of his own leathern garments. "Truly," said he, " when I first came to this land, I did make me a little cabin, in a place hard by; but the Injuns burned the same; and, verily, had it not been for little Peter, who gave me a hint of their coming, I should have been burned with it. Be of good heart, friend; if thee will keep the ill-meaning Injun-men out of my way, I will adventure to lead thee anywhere thee will, within twenty miles of this place, on the darkest night, and that through the thickest cane, or deepest swamp, theo can lay eyes on, that is, if I have but little dog Peterto help me. Courage, friend; thee is now coming fast to the river; and, if we have but good luck in crossing it, thee shall, per-adventure, find thoeself nearer thee friends than thee thinks for." This agreeable assurance was a cordial to the spirits of all; and the travellers now finding themselves, though still in profound darkness, moving through the open woodlands again, instead of the maze of copses that had so long cofined them, Roland took advantage of the change, to place himself at Nathan's side, and endeavor to draw from him some account of his history, and the causes that had brought him into a position and way of life so ill-suited to hIis faith and peaceful habits. To his ques tions, however, Nathan seemed little disposed to retu:n satisfactoryanswors, except in so far as they related to his adventures since the period of his coming to the frontier; of which he epokevery freely, though succinctly. He had built him cabins, like other lonely settlers, and planted cornfields, from which he had been driven, time after time, by the evil Shaw. ness, incurring frequent perils and hardships; whtch, with the perseouttons he endured from his more warlike and intolerant neighbors, gradually drove him into the forest, to seek a precarious subsistence from the spoils of the chase. As to his past life, and the causes that had made him a dweller of the wilderness, he betrayed so little inclination to satisfy the young man's curiosity, that Roland dropped the subject entirely; not however without suspecting that the inmputationse Bruce had cast upon his character, might have had some foundatiou in truth. But while couling these things over in his mind, on a sudden the soldier stepped froni the dark forest into a broad opemsng, canopied only by the sky, sweeping like a road through the wood, in which it was lost behind him; while, in front, it sank abruptly into a deep hollow or gulf, in which was heard the sullen rush of an impetuous river. CIIAPTI'ER XITI. The roar of the moving flood, for such, by its noise, it seemed, as they descended the river bank, to which Nathan had so skillfully conducted them, awoke in Roland's bosom a feeling dismay. " Fear not," said the guide, to whom he im. tarted his doubts of the safety of the ford; ' therois mnore danger in one single skulking Shawnee, than ten thousand such sputtering brooks. Verily, the ford is good enough, though deep and rough; and if the water lshould soil thee young women's garments a little, thee should remember it will not make so ugly a stain as the bloodmark of a scalping s:avage." "ea d on," said Pardon Dodge, with unex pected spirit; "'I am not one of them 'ere ellars as fears a big river; and my boss is a dreadful fine swimmer." "In that case," said Nathan, " if thee con sents to the same. I will get up behind thee, and so pass over dry-sheod; for the feel of wet leather-breeches is quite uncomfortable." This proposal, being reasonable enough, was readily acceded to; and Nathan wes in the act ofclinsbing to the crupper of Dodge's horse, when little Peter began to manifest a prudent t desire to pass the forddry-shod also, by pawing at his master's hoeels and beseeching his notice with sundry low but expressive whinnings Such, at least, was the interprotation which R]olanud, who perceived thie uanisal's motions, wasinclined to put upon thiem. Ibe ens, there fore, not a little surprised when Nathan, start ing from the stirrup into which he had climbed, leaped again to the ground, staring around him from right to left, with every appearance of alarm. "Right Peter!" he at last muttered; fixing his eye upon the further bhank of the river, a dark mass of hill and forestthat rose in dim re lief against the clouded sky, overshadowing the whole stream, which lay hlIo a pitchy abys betwixt it and the travellers-" right, Peter! thee eyes is as good as thee nose-thee is determined the poor woman shall not be mur dured !" " What is it you see ?" demanded Forreester; "and why do you talk of murdering?" "Speak !ow, and look across the river," whispered the guide, in reply; "does thee see the light glimmering among the rocks by the roadside ?" " I see neither rocks nor road-all is to my eyes confused blackness; and, as for a light, I ee nothing-stay ! No; tis the gleam of a fire "The gleam of a fire-fly t" murmured Nathan with tones that seemed to mingle wonder ad derision with feelings of a much more serious character; "it is such a fire- fly as might burn a house, or roast a living captive at the stake: -it is a brand in the hands of a 'camping Shawnee I Look, friend, he is blowing it into a flame; and presently thee will see the whole bank around it in a glow.' It was oven as Nathan said. Almost while he was yet speaking, the light, which all now clearly beheld, at first a point as small and faint as the spark of a lampyris, and then a star scarce bigger or brighter than the torch of a jack-o'-lantern, suddenly grew in mag nitude, projecting a long and lance- like, though broken, rettection over the wheeling current, and then as suddenly shot into a bright and ruddy blaze, illumining bill and river, andleven the anxious countenance of the travellers. At the same time, a dark figure, as of a man en gaged feeding the flame with fresh fuel, was plainly seen twice or thrice to pass before it. How many others, his comriades, might be watching its increasing blaze, or preparing for their wild slumbers among the rocks and hushes where it was kindled, it was impossible to diviue. The sight of the firs itself, in such a solitary spot, and under such circumstances, even if no attendant had been seen by at, would have been enough to alarm the travellers, and compel the conviction that their enemies had not forgotten to station a force at this neglected fortd, as well as at the other more frequented one above, and thus to deprive them of the last hopeeof escape. This unexpected inmident, the climnax of a long series of disappointments, all of a character so painful ann excising, drove the young soldier again to despair; which feelieg, the tantalisingaense that he was now within but a few miles of his companions in exile, and separated from them only by the single obstruction before him, exasperated into a species of fury bordering almost upon frenzy. " There is but one way of escape," he ex claimed, without venturing even a look towards his kinswoman, or seeking by idle words to conceal the danger of their situation ; " we must pass the river; the roar of the water will drown the noise of our footsteps ; we can cross unheard and unlooked for; and then, if there be no way of avoiding ther., we can pour a volley among the rascals at their fire, and take advantage of their confusion, to gallop by. Look to the women, Nathan Slaughter; and you, Pardon Dodge, and Emperor, follow me, and do as you see me do." " Truly," * said Wandering Nathan, with admirable coolness and complacency, " thee is a courageous young man, and a young man of sense and spirit-that is to say, after thee own sense of matters and things; and, truly, if it were not for the poor women, and for the blazing fire, thee might greatly confound and harmfully vanquish the evil creatures, there placed so unluckily on the bank, in the way and manner which thee thinks of. But, friend, thee plan will not do ; thee might pass unheard, but not unseen. Does thee not see how brightly the fire blazes on the water? Truly, we should all be seen and fired at, before we reached the middle of the stream ; and, truly I should not be surprised if the gleam of the fire on the pale faces of these poor women should bringa shot upon us where we stand; and therefore, friend, the sooner we get us out of the way, the better." "And where shall we betake us ?" de manded Roland ; the sterness of whose accents but ill-disguised the gloom and hopelessness of his feelings. " To a place of safety and of rest," replied the guide, " and to one that is nigh at hand ; where we may lodge us, with little fear of In. june, until such time as the waters shall abate a little, or the stars give us light to cross them at a place where are no evil Shawness to oppose us. And then, friend, nas to slipping by these foolish creatures who make such bright fires on the public highway, truly, with little Peter's assistance, we can do it with great ease." " Let us not delay," said Roland, and added, sullenly, " though where a place of rest and safety can be found in these detestable woods, i can no longer imagine." " It is a place of rest, at least for the dead," said Nathan, in a low voice; at the same time leading the party back again up the bank, and taking care to shelter them, as he ascended, as much as possible, from the light of the fire, which was now blazing with great brilliancy; " nine human corpses-father and mother, grandam and children-sleep under the thres hold of the door; and there are not many, white men or Injuns, that will, of their free will, step over the bosoms of the poor murdered creatures, after nightfall; and the more especially, because there are them that believe they rise at midnight, and roam round the hosisesand the clearings, mourning. Yet it is a good hiding.place for them that are in trouble; and many a night have little Peter and I sheltered us beneath the ruined roof, with little fear of either ghosts or Injuns ; though, truly, we have sometimes heard strange and mournful noises among the trees around us. It is but a poor place and a sand one; but it will afford theeweary women asafe resting-place till such time as -vs can cross the river." The words of Nathaun brought to Ioland's recollection the story of the Ashburne, whom Bruce ha- alluded to, as having l esn all des troyed in their station, in a single night, by the Indians, and whose tragical fate, perhaps, more than any other circumstance, had diverted the course of travel from the ford near to which they had seated themselves, to the upper, and, originally, less frequented one. (TO iE COONTIIU1IiD.) 