HOW THEY GAMBLED IN AN IENT E[?]YPT. When Setnau, some years before the Exodus of the Israelites, visited Ptah- nefer ka in his tomb, and insisted on obtaining the magical book as We rend in the fourth volume of the ‘‘Records of the 1M ,t,” be made a proposal lo the ghost. He would play ft game 01' 62 points for (ho possession of it. Then, we rent, flic gho-t of I’Udi-nefer-ha “ac'wpts the proposal, hut nttemp'r. to (dieat Scliiau, mnl is found out hv him, Mid Inseti the gaum. ” The demotic pa.iyr.-i on which tliis curious tstle i-> written it among (he treasure.} of the Museum of <il/,ch, having hcen discovered in n hox ut TlieA s, together with u number of hieratic nod Inter docu ments, which lm'l belonged to a Coptic monk find been buried with him. This is only one of many ancient allusions to games of chance end of skill and numberless i .uiv dice have* been found in tombs. It is curious to nolo that these dice, which uro sometimes of brau tit tilly co'oisul porcelain, are often loaded. W ticn the ghod cheu ( ed Sc.nan,he apparently did nothing that, was out of the common. Che,-mien also frequently occur. They are sometimes of ivory beautifully carved, and represent grotesque Inman bums. The chons men exhibited at Manchester in 1887, and afterward i presented In Mr. Ilowarth lo the British .Museum, are Huns’ heads, and are made ol hard brown wood Mr. Fulhoncr accepts the theory put fm* vard in the Man chester catalogue that them; pieces und a chair, which was nl,o presented to the museum by Mr. Hu.varth, actually belonged to the great queen, Jlntdiep,u, of tho Eighteenth Dyua.tv that is to suy, some 1600 years before the t'hri-.ti.iu ur.i. I'i.is remains to be proved ; but if tin: broken car touche which accompanies them, and tho eirvod o mam mis of the chair, are of the same hard wood ns the men, it would go far to satisfy the most sceptc..»l, But that tho Eg\j>' inns of that p, riod, and lung before, diil play at various gaum some ol them of the mo-it gunbling charader, and others closely resembling ebc», and draughts, there cannot he Mrs slighted doubt. In the tomb of on" Ra shepses, or Sir up. era, who lived at the Lime of the Lines of the Fifth Dy.iadv, while they wo re still building pvrami Is l-,r royal sepulchres. there arc repres mlatiora of two games. Unc is called "Scimt," and con sists of a board, “men,” and pieces exactly similar to (hose still seen at the door of ft cuftos shop in Egypt, dome -hoped, sometimes of wood, ooinctimes of ivory, and usually colored green an I red. The other pa uc is called 11 Him,” the jar, or howl, and may have been played with a cup for dice, like backgammon. The board in Han is circular. Was it a kind of r uilelle? Th; game with pieetM is represented at Eeni ilassnu in a picture of the time of the Twelfth Dynasty. It was not chess, but more like a kind of draughts. The sime or a similar game is represented at Medinet Ilaboo. (he sepulchral temple of flames s 111., of the Twentieth Dv nasty. It is no l , possible to till with v.h>.n the king is repremhed as playing, as lie -eulpture has greatly decayed . but there can b ■ li.tle and mbl that tli* performance is s pp.-k-i to take place after and ath. fu a late papyrus in the Brili-di Museum there is a grot-»-(iue repre sentation of a lion playing with an antelope, Tho late Dr. Birch was ot opinion that there were six piece-, to c icb player, that they were arranged pa-nlPd to the players, and that mi the gime advanced “the pieces were plavel aide by side, and probably fool: laterally." Some boirds have come and /.vn to us and arc in lb > Bri' ish M uweum a and at (H/.h. as well asia private collec.ion.s. Toe puzzle about them is that they are not all alike. The gome at which PJiu tiefcr ka’s ghost tried to cheat Setnm feems to h ,ve been rem-tiling wholly different, and tlm *-52 points" perhaps refer to tiie pips on dice. One Fvpgtiau game was known as Tu u -that is, the Robbers and this Mr. Faikner, in his hook on “(lames. Ancient and Orr-ntal." would iden tify with the Roman latrnnculi ; hut Mr. Falku ir finds out in the course of his inves lig’tions that Dr. Birch ''cannot he trusts d.” He palpably contradicts him-cdf in various articles, and it- is not t,l\\. lv-> po.s : bl« to make out his meaning, for he certainly had no gift of in -id expo.-di i< >n. Mr. F.lkener, however, tries to sum up what h • has gathered from Dr. Birch, and we barn that the bdouneuli, or la 1 r. nes. of the Reman gone wiie origin ally sol Her--, but th.t I v ibisfc-'- i:n‘ name be •vne -i.piifieair of 1.-.-cn*iou-ij and an i icity, th-’ S'ddu r ‘.live 1 bandit. The gime ns-iTtv to b> Hv !.■ mi-1 inspiriting tud w. rthv o>' mod -fu pr. .■‘'■•e. Tile (Ire.'’ s edl.d th -ir ]iiecev i>, ‘h i- tnnu of the gun.-, “dig-.” and the mod pi i.m Arab e.T'-> hi- "".ihih. ” which i; *;; ■ plural cl “kalb,” a dog. Ju the game of Ta-u (he piee s wore caliol ‘'ah.” a word which Mr R- non in gmio’ivly connects with “ab" the heart, pointing out its connection with the idea of leapirg or playing, and d' riving nur word “ heart ’* from a Sanscrit root, signf\iug play or hup. On this evidence Mr. Falhenor has reconstructed the game. “Rich piece war. an ab, and therefore all the pm *es, though moving only one square a! a time in anv direction, omhl leap over an advesavv occu pying a con’igums h jiruv. provid'd the next, s pl.are was open, as in draughts b it v, About Dicing it.” lie proceeds to give th * diagram of a board, and plavs a g■. ue which oeeupii s, b* says, about (wo ho :rs. bu might, no doubt, be accompli-he-l ii a m;r*!i shorter t me hv practised players. R view, April 2. ' ‘ A G ;tK VT IvilT.Trs to tb ’ raidly developing oxpres i d-live:y service of letU re is antici pated by the I .omlon Post-cilllee authorities from the iutro luctiou of ;<u automatic call and writing box, which it is propi sod to erect at railway stations aud in ether public places in Loudon (says the Daily Tele graph). The fir-d box, which was opened as an experiment til (.’hating Cress station, wars well partonised by tlic public and the fu-A letter suit through its agency reached the controller of the Lon lou p sta! s.uviee at the Cleneral Post-ottb-.' iu I;.s tuau half an hour from its despatch. The hex i. an ingenious* one, workc 1 by tho customary plan of putting a penny in a slut. After this, on pulling out ft drawer in the usual way, c. stout white card for writing purposes an I two envelopes one tv cover tho message and the other to contain the messenger’s fee -are turned out of ‘ (he box. At the same time a sliding writing desk becomes fixed in front of tho box, and simultaneously a bell is rung ut the neuro't post-ofiiee and an express messenger is despatched (a the automatic box. Mean while the pureha-er, having written hm letter, can enclose it in the envelop* and drop it into a ree 'plaele provided for the purpose ' be-'de the b'\ ;so that it not iv.eess.arv to | wait until tho expr ss me.- uge- c cue.-. 