I FATHER-IN-LAW MEADOWS. I ,Tho protty suburb of Fort IIlll, withiu 15 or 20 miles of the croat city, was formerly known as Howitt’s Mills. It wns settled in early timos by, two very extensive families, iho Hewitts and Mondowses, who frequently intermarried, and owned nearly Ull the land in the neighbour hood. Old-fashioned, Conservative people they wore, of whom some scattered romnauts are still extant in tho vicinity. They look with no very friendly oyo on tho doings of their noli aud stylish city neigh bours, who live iu tho villas aud country soata scattered over tho hills aud up and down tho now ronds cut through forest and farm. Chief among these survivals of tho good old stock is Ebon Howitt, the miller, an old man now with a rich brown coraploxion, a koon, dark eyo, and thick, buBby whito hair and board. Undo Ebon married a Meadows, as was inevitable, aud ho naturally regrets tho primitive virtues aud sterling worth of Howitt’s Mills boforo it became fosbionablo Fort Hill. He boirs a grudge against tho now name, always rankling liko a thorn in the hand. Undo Ebon is an antiquated spinnor of long local yams, ono of tho fow loft in tho country. Tho mill stands on tho rivor bank, just whero tho stroam opens into a little oovo with thick shadowy trees. A covered bridge crosses tho rivor at this point, and thore is a mmiaturo island, feathored all over with tho light leafage of tho silver birch. My young friend, Mary Jano, was staying last summer at Fort Hill, and wherovor Mary Jane goes sho makes aequaintanco with tho labouring folk, with children, and dogs. Her friends laugh at her for discovering so many rcmarkablo people entirely unknown to fame. But Mary ,Tano is not to bo detorred in her favourite pursuit of character study by ill timod ridicule. It is not surprising, theroforo, that sho was often found seated on tho stone bench by the mill door engaged iu friendly chat with Unoto Ebon, whom sho considered one of the most interesting men she had over met. The machinery was humming inside the old mill and making it shako. The grain poured down tho hopper in a heavy stroam, and the water swiahad and swirled about tho big wheel. Tho miller was lloury up to his thick eyebrows, where the moal hung liko wreaths of suow on a penthouse roof, aud the warm tints of his 9kiiishono not unhandsomely through tho powder. The talk that day turnod on ghosts and sujwrnatural appearances, and, though Uncle Ebon disclaimed stoutly all belief in ghosts—“ spooks,” ns ho cullod thorn—ho was led ou by the insinuating Mary .Tano to relate the following little Btory out of his own experience: — “Spooks aro all moonshine,” said Undo Ebon, squaring his elbows, “but I will allow I that curious things happen to somo folks, things that can’t bo accounted for on what wo call natural principles. There was my father in-law Meadows, u hard-headed, practical man, souud as a nut until ho got a bad blow and began to break. Everybody took his judgment on land purchase and cattlo ac if it had been law, and he arbitrated a great number of dis putes and mado tho climax rather bad for lawyers in these parts. Ho was trustee and executor for quite a number of large estates, and folks often took bis word without a scratch of the pen to show for tho money thoy put into his hands. He was as straight a man, if I do say it, as I ever kuow. Not much to look at, was father-in-law Moadows, not a handsome man, but he was tho making of this township. Ito built bridges, laid out a number of now roads as town sur veyor, and be was school trustee and deacon of tho first church. Ho bad an amazing big family of children, thirteen all told. Two of them died young of black moaslcs, so I have hoard ray wife tell, but most of thorn grew up to be a credit to tho town—to Hewitt's Mills, as it was then callod, and, as by right, it should be called now. And there was tho boy Eli, tho youngest. His heart was set on him, tho little Benjamin, aud the old Israel Meadows loved him host and couldn’t boar to havo him out of his eight. “ A close-mouthed man ho was. Ho and I was protty intiwato. We’ve often walked over tho land an hour or two at a timo and not spoke a word. Never was a raau that had so little nonsense about him as old Israel, and that*a wliat makes this queer thing that happonod to him all thoqueerer. I.have never been able to come to any reasonable conclusion about it, though it happened just os I am going to relate. You see, Miss, tw I was saying, this boy Eli was the apple of his oyo, a quick, bright, laughing boy, nimblo ns a squirrol, and made friends all up and down tho road. Ho favoured his mother’s family, and was fair coraplootod, with light hair, whilo most of the Meadowses aro dark and swarthy. When the war broke out Eli wa3 just turned eightcon. Part of the Fourteenth Infantry was rocruitcd in this town. Thorowas a great oxoitoment, and Eli caught the war fever, aud before wo had an inkling of it ho 'listed and wus marched off to tho front. Tho old man took on bad. It was pitiable to see him, for it was tho first thing that began to break him up. Ho tried hard to pet tho boy back by paying for a substitute. Though ho was counted a closo man and natu rally fond of money, he would havo given half ho was worth. But Eli was infatuatod with soldiering, and it wasn’t any good. The old raau had been an early abolitionist and all for the war until ho got that blow, and then the crows came aud roosted right ou his ridgepole and croaked diw and night. Eli wrote cheerful letters to his father, aud tho old man carried them round in his packet until thoy wero half worn, had some of them letters on him tho day he died, when ho (ell down sudden in an apo plectic fit. Eli wrote just as ho tatked. He had tho gift of gab, and such a knack of turn ing the best siao out lio could make you think black was whito. They wero going to boat the rebs out and out, and it was nil hurrah boys, and be would be luado a colonel bofore the war ended. Thoy did make him a sergeant aud colour-bearer, and that was somo comfort to the old man. But I noticed his hand shook when ho went to sigu his name, nnd ho got a bad colour, a yellowish white, with puffy dark rings under the eyes, and hiB breath carao short when he walked. “ So things woro along till tho fall of tho year *02, about the time the robs began to movo norths Eli’s regimont was under M Clollau. Ho had a great fondness for his general, and was always writing homo that little Mac wns tho biggest man in the array. Now, I am going to toll you of thestrango thing that happened to father-in-law.^ It was boforo any news of the battle of Antiotum had reaohed out hero, tho morning of tho day tho battle was fought, I know it was in tho early fall, boforo the com wns cut. My fathor-iu-law had a big piece of land in corn that year, and it hail dono remark ably well. That cornfield is now part of what they call Gilchrist Park. Next to it on tho north wns a piece of woodB, most chestnut and young ash, nnd adjoining on tho west was a largo, smooth medder. The cattlo had boon turnod into that modder for tho fall feed, and father-in-law ho walkod out there that morn iug enrly to look to tho fences, for tho black | bull had been turned in with tho herd, nnd ho wos a vicious animal. Now, as near as I could gather from what tho old man lot drop, for I never dared to question him closo about it, it happoued in this way: Father-in-law had got to the medder, half way to tho cornfield, when ho was surprised to hear a confused noisoover south,‘coming up, as ho thought, ou tho wind. But there was no wind. Tho air wns a done! calm, not a leaf stirred. Tho sky wos slightly overcast and temperature warmish, with a sraoll of dying leavos. Father-in-law ho stood stock still, and he strained his ear to listen. There was a loud roaring far off down the valley, like a river in Hood, and then it came nearer and broke iuto a volley of musketry, aud then a boom of caunon that shook tho ground, and sharp hissing of shells ns they buret and sputtered iu tho air, and then a con fused crying and shouting and groaning, and a rush of horsos* feet that seemed to come tearing through that pioco of woods; and father-in- law—a cold sweat had broko out from evory pore, for tho old man, while ho heard this tumult, could see nothing but the medder and cornfield, and tho quiot land. He was strucK all aback aud his knees crooked under him, and ho fell full length on the ground, and before be lost consciousness he thought he heard Eli’s voice calling ‘ water,' in a distressed, faint way, a gasp-like, and it seemed to corao from the woods,not more than ten rods off. “ I don’t know how the old man got on his legs and made his way homo, but ho hold him self straight when ho came in at tho door, though his face was liko ashes, and his eyes sot and staling. He stood still for a minute, and then kind of clutched at tho back of a chair and stumbled forward. Says he, * Mother, pack mo a hag with things I shall noed for a woek or more, and get inouey out of the top drawer, the one I keep locked. Here is the key.’ “ 4 What’o the meaning of this, Israel?’ says raothor, scared aud trombling. 1 You look nfi’if you could be knocked down with a foather. Have you had bad dews?', “ ‘ Yes, bad enough. But don’t atop to talk. Didn’t I tell you there’d been a battle ?' 44 * A battlo!' gasped mother. ‘ Whero wasit fought?' 44 4 1 don’t know,' said the old man, dazed like, putting his hand up to his head, 4 but I shall find out on the road. Eli is wounded— cnebbo he’s dead by this time.’ Then his voioe “‘Israel Meadows,' said mother,.standing right up to him—and oho was a timid woman! “thoro hasn't been nows of no battlo or I should havo heard it, and I solemnly do think youhavo gone crazy.’ “Then tho old man was mad, I can toll you, and ho rando things hum, for ho was always master in his own house, ntulin loss thtm half ; an liour that brig was packed end tho old mare i saddled, nml father-in-law had taken his top coat nml was climbing into tho saddle to rido to Digby Station, seven inilw awuv, tho nearest to us then, before the railroad wascarried through. Mothorliad uovorsoen liim look bo atom and haggard and unnatural. Sbo was kind of awe struck as sho watched him rido away dowu tho road. But before fathor-in-law. got to Digby it was known up hero at tho Mills that tho great battlo of Antiutam was iu progress. Toll, I cau’t toll you just how tho old man found Eli. Ho novor would talk much about it; hut ho weut round tho battle hold for hours searching among tho dt-ml, with only ono thought iu his tniud, and at last ho cutno on tho body in a littlo pieco of woods, among tho bushos, close to asmnll spring of sweet water. , Tho poor boy hud tiied to crawl to tho water, : but his breast was shot otY and it was no good. | You know, tho old nmu thought ha heard that i I cry coming out of tho woods ot * Water! ; water 1* Think how ho felt whou ho found him thoro, closo on to tho spring, but uot within reach. But his facoin the coffin was tho peace fulest I ’most ovor saw. Thoy say them that dio of gun-shot wounds mostly do look happy. Woll, Eli, in thorn Inst moments, had got out somo way a Tosiament ho carried in his pocket. It was oho his mother gavo to him, audit was burnt aud black with powder ; but thoro was part of a blank leaf lott, and with a littlo stub of pencil gripped iu his fingers ho had scrawled tho words, * Father, don’t—’ that was all— * Father, don’t*—just enough to show ho was thinking of tho old man and his griof tho moment ho diod, and wishing to coniforthim. “Father-in-law brought him homo an.r buried him in tho mowing lot closo to that pieco of woods where ho had heard tho roar of battlo that was taking place over <100 miles away. Ho let drop a IitMa of what had happoned now and thon, until wo could picco it together pretty muoh as I havo (old you. But wo dou’t none of us try to oxplatn it, uud wo cau’t but boiiovo thoro was some reality iu it, soeing tho straight man father-in-law was. Ho was broke up bad by it—chaugod so you would hardly havo known him. Ho stoopod, and his head shook, and ho seemed to lose his judgment—forgot things torrihle, and went round talking to him self. IIo had to put most of his business affairs out of his hnnds, and seoiued to lose interost in what was goiug on ; didn’t ovou read tho nows papors ; but he grew uucasy atul discontented. Nobody ever thought- then that tho original old Meadows* placo, centre of all tho Meadowses in this township, where ho was barn uud bred, aud bis father heforo him, would ever go out of tho family. But a otrangorestiessloss grew on tho old man, though ho had his faculties woll 1 euougli, too. 1 “Ono day, soon after (ho railroad was opened through to tho mills, he went down to tho city nlono aud called on a real estato agont. and put thoi olu farm in his hnnds. But ho sot such a big tigger ou the land tho agont laughed in his face. ‘ Why,* says ho, ‘ Mr. MoadowB, I don’t boiiovo you want to sell your farm.’ “ ‘ Mebho I don’t,* says tho old man, curt enough, ‘ but I’ll let it go at that figgor, uni not a cent less.* “Thou fathor-in-law wont off and forgot what no had none, for his memory wub beginning to fail, but ho seotuod much moro contented aftrr that, aud 1 don’t s’peso ho ovor had a notion the place would bo sold. So throo years or more wont by. and tho family know. : not a hroath about, it, though real ostnlo specu J lators had been sniffing round and inquiring tho price of land. Tho three unmarried Meadows girls were home that summer—oil dead now. They wore remarkable wotnon, all celebrated for tho strength of thoir intellect. Ono kep’ school, and another was a writer, Almira MeadowB—mobba you’ve heard of her, She was pretty famous, and wrote a book on Second Advcut principles, called ‘The Last Trump,* But that don’t matter. Tho three girls wero all to home that Bummer, nml were enjoying thomselves well. They loved every stick and stoue aud bush on tho old farm, and they wore women of strong feelings, Ono morning thoro came a letter from tho agent iu New York, tho old farm was sold. If a thunderbolt had fallen out of a clear sky it couldn’t have shook that family up worse, and when fathor-in-law wus spoke to about itho was struck allinaheap. Ilaviug put such a big price on tho farm, ho hnd felt just as s&fo; ob if ho had boen in a bomb-proof. And now tho old placo was gono for a pilo of money. Ho wouldn’t plead a word of excuse, hut aat hauuchod over and all drawn iuto himself whilo the women folks took “Wo boou fouud out that Bankor Gilchrist was tho purchuacr, I guess tho women folks put their heads together to try and work on tho banker's feelings, for thoy’ wrote and invited him to come out aud visit tho farm. And Mothor Meadows was n famous good cook, no hotter anywhere. So sho laid hersolf outto j got up a tea that would movo any man whoso I Bcneibilities could bo reached through tho j stomach. Such waffles and honey and light I biscuit it does me good to think of. Well, tho bankor came, and ho was polite and plausible aud smooth as oil, as lie always is. Could see your face in his hat. Thoy had mauaged, as I they thought, to got tho old man off to town, but he must havo euspoctcd something, and when thev wore all sitting down at tablo, tho women folks with tears in thoir eyes bogun to beg Gilchrist simultaneous to givo up tho bar gum and not insist on taking tho old farm and tho.gravo of their dead, meaning Eli. Gil christ is shrewd and sharp enough, I’ll war runt, but whou this onset was made ho was completely thrown off his balanco, and ho had beguu a vory polite speech to tho tearful old woman and her girls, saying tho sale was all fair and square, but of coursa if the old man was not quite himself, broko down with trouble or otherwiso impaired—he had just got to that poiut when tho old man walked in, straight as a die, and with his oyo burning like a livo coal in his hoad, and ho stalked to tho head of tho table aud ho stood thoro solemn, frowning awful on tho women folks, and Bays ho, ‘Banker Gilchrist, tho sale was fair aud square, legal in all particulars, aud tho farm is yours,* and ho brought dowu his fist with a great thump on tho tablo. * Don’t you listen to apaseel of women when it’s mo you’ve got to deal with. I don’t say but I’ve been foolish, ! hut now I'vo passed my word, and by the ; Etoruul it shall stand. If I had promised tho heart out of my body you should lmvo it, for I never passed my word yet that I did not keep it, and I novor will.* “And nothing would do but tho old man must havo pen and ink that very minuto and .sign the doed. Well, that's tho *way Hewitt's Mill beentno Fort Hill. Tho old nmuo wasn’t stylish ouough for tho rich city folks, Gil christ ho bought right ami loft, and inadn his big park, and capitalists came in and invested handover list, and you can boo what’s como of it, Miss—a placo for stylo that boats any' on tbo railroad. “But I must tell you about tho old man. After tho farm wna sold lio wont down pretty fast, and at times nppearod to ho slightly im balanced. Ono day just heforo tho family' moved out, we missed him for a good many hours, and I mudo a sonrch and found him up at Eli’s gravo iu tho madder, closo to tho wood. It was tho spring of tho year, and the birds wero singing. Aud what do you think tho old man had been doing ? Why, ho had carriod a Bpado and orowbar, and lmd dug up tbo coffin and had pried it up out of tho gravo by maiu strength. And there ho sat by it, now with his hat off, leaning his head on the coffin lid, his long, grey hair flowing in tho wind. IIo had always been such a strong man, I was sorry to see him broke like that, so I wont up softly and put my hand on his shoulder. “ * Oh,'says ho, * Ebon, is that you? You see I couldn’t leuvo tho hoy hero on tho Gil christ placo, and it has occurred to mo that I hiiin’t got a foot of laud of my own whoro lean lay him.' “ * What!' says I, making boiiovo surprised, 1 when you are a rich man and sold tho farm at such a big figgor.' “ ‘ No,’ says ho with a Bigh, “ not a foot of ground I can call my own.* “‘Well, father-in-law.’sayR I, after I had studied on it a little, ‘ I'll take Eli and bury' him on my own place, aud I proiniso you ho aha’n’t bo moved while I livo/ And so I did, nnd that’s one reason why thoro’ll bo Hawitte hero for a good whilo to como. I shall fix it iu my will that that gravo isn't to bo sold out of tho family’. What becamo of tho old man, did you ask? Oh,he died heforo long—dropped dowu in a fit—aud novor know what hurt him, nud tho women are all doad and gono, all hut my who, ana euo’s noarty, thank uod. Tho Berlin correspondent of The Timm re ports that “tho Emporor has discountenanced the drinking of charapaguo at regimental messes, insomuch that it has passed into a jest to say that tho nights on whioh his Majesty honours tho mess of tho Garde du Corps with his presence at their table nre tho only ones in tho year on which tl\o oflicers of this gallant regiment have to dine without champagne.” 