THUNDERBOLT'S MATE. ' THE BUSHRANGER'S " .REVENGE., Stuck Up At The Homestead. Brown's Death— Penelope's Grief— The Belief of Bilbil Station- One September evoning, at a quarter past 6, Penelope Lees opened the double gates of the Bilbil home paddock, squeezed through on her pony, shut and fastened the gates behind her, and rode up very slowly to tho homestead. There was a good sunset that evening — a sunset on a grand scale, for quite half tho sky was tinted pint and amber ; but Pen only noticed it when she stopped to give hqr pony its evening drink at tho horse-tunk, which mirrored the-wholo thing. Eastward, however, at the horisou, the sky was grey- edged, and tho edge was growing broader ; but this Pen never noticed at all. The fact is Bho had riddun homo from tho shed this evening with downcast eyes, for the sboaring was all but over. It had been such splendid fun all through that it seemed to Have flown over in Ono week, instead of in Bis. But what was a thousand times worse than the closo of shearing was tho approach of schooling ; for it was settled that when William Lees went down to Mclbourno at the boginning of November ho was to take bis little girl with him uiid leave her at a school there— hundreds and hundrods of miles awav. This had onlv iust boon ar- ranged ; but the arrangoment was flnal, and it' must be confessed that "downcast" does not tell the whole truth with regard to poor little Fan's oyes on her ride from tho shed this evening. She dismounted at the stables, took the saddle and bridle from her pony and sent him off towards tho horse paddock at a gentle trot. Then sho walked slowly to tho house, which, with the flaming west behind it, looked like an unambitious carv ing in ebony. Tho long, bare verandah in front of the etorc and the dining-room tele scoped, as it were, with the cottage veran dah ; and before she set foot in tho former Pen could see the square sorcen of sunset nt the far end of the latter, and blotted like ink upon this screen, motionless figures sit ting in silence. As tho child's step rang through the long, empty verandah some heads turned in the . other one, but no one spoke. A vague fear seized Fen, their motionless attitude seemed so' strange. She hesitated ; but the reac tionary impulso followed speedily, and hurried her forward with faltering steps into as queer a Quaker's meoting as could well be imagined. In the sitting-room doorway stood Mrs. Lees, drawn up to her full height, her pale face cold and proud, and bitterly indignant —but quite calm, with the composure that sometimes, at a crisis, seems to oomo natural to the last woman you would have expected it of. Robert Ayrton, tho over- Beer, was spread out on tho floor, his back against tho weat herboard wall of tho cottago, his arms folded, and hiB head thrown for ward on his chest. The man who called himself Brown lay in his usual posture in tho long chair, and his durk deep eyes were turned upwards with their usual inscrutable stare. Seated on a chair at some little distance from them was u man whom Pen had never seen before. He wore riding bootB, spurs and breeches, a short neat jacket and a "cabbage-tree" wide-awake. His faoe waB half turned to the glowing light, which shnno upon a clear grey " eye, tho half of a ruddy moustache, and a sunburnt cheek ami chin ; the other eiuo of his face was necessarily in deep shadow. Tho man Was smoking a pipe— the smoke hifng in silvery pufls upon the acreon of rosy sky at tho end of tho verandah. Penelope ad vanced shyly, with her eyes fixed, as was only natural, upon tho stranger. Suddenly she stood still and shivered. Tho red light glittered upon something bright and steoly that lay in tho stranger's Jap — a revolver. " Come to me, Pen," said Mrs. Lees, in a oold mechanical voice. Pen obeyed promptly enough, and slipped an arm round her mother's waist and nestled close besifle her. And Mrs. Lees answered aloud — in a curiously scornful tone—the child's upwurd look of terrified inquiry: "These men are bushrangers. We are all In their power 1" Pen clung closer to her mother. " Whioh mnn V' nhn whiannrfff). TttArA'a Arilv that-. man over there with tho pistol— is he Thunderbolt ?" "Tee," said Mrs. Lees, in the same dauntless, disdainful tone, "and tho one with tho broken leg (if it ever was broken) —the man that wo have nursed and at tended to all these weeks — is his accom plice 1" A guilty blush suffused Pen's face to tho roots of her hair. She had known this for days, yet kept it to herself j But then she had never suspected treachery of this kind. Was it treachery ? She glanced to Where Brown lay, hoping to find a reassuring ex pression on his face. But there was nothing re-assuring there. His oyeB were still gaz ing vacantly upward ; but tho ghost of a smile playnd over the pale haggard features. This faint smile ueeined to Pcu a confession of treachery, and sho burst into tears. At thia moment a pleasant voice, singing carelessly, broke upon their ears. The voice oame nearer and nearer : then a swing ing footstep and tho jingling of spurs were heard in tho long verandah. The bushranger handled his revolver. A moment later, the storekeeper — a young fellow fresh from England — stood aghast in their midst. Ayrton, the overseer, raised his head, " Throw up your hands, Miller," said ho coolly, with the true coloniul drawl; "up with them, old man, or you're a stiff 'un ! We'ro stuck up. Let me introduce you to the celebrated Thunderbolt," pointing to the man with tho revolver, " and his mate," pointing to Brown. Young Miller turned palo ; than ho stuck his hands deep into his trousers pockets. He was a very young man — a Rugby boy but a yoar ago. " It's a bit of colonial experience for you —a bit worth having," went on Ayrton, calmly, slicing a cake of tobacco as ho spoke; "something for you to write and tell the old folks at home. Look out — you'd best stand still,' I say I" Young Miller bad taken u quick stop for ward, but he stopped as quickly, for Ayr- ton's warning was driven homo by the cocking of Thunderbolt's revolver. Tho bushranger now rose to his feot and Btrotchcd himself coolly. "Is this tho last of them?" lie asked of Ayrton. "There's tho butcher— — " " We can do without him. Call tho cook." "And there's tho groom." ." Wo won't wait for him. Call the cook, d'vo hear ?" Ayrton objeyod. The Chinese came. "Toll him to dish up dinner in here — and sharp," said tho bushrangor, pointing to the sittiug-rooin. Ayrton repeated this order as though it had bono hi order from William Lees. "Now, my friends, "said Thunderbolt, ad- dressing tho whole company, "somo find mo a man of four words— somo t'other thing ; bdt any way It's precious littlo I'vo got to say now. ' You'll havq heard of me before, jnavliap ; and you'll have hoard of somo of tho things I'vo dono when pressotl. I've douo enough, I daresay, to set a pretty high figure upon myself, alive or dead. Whatever ; you may force me into doing to- night, it can't make it any hotter for me, when my time comes, than it; would be as things ' stand already." He tappod the butt-end of- his revolver significantly, "But really, Iadie3 and gentlemen," ho went on in a more insinuating mannor, "thero nood j>e no unpleasantness at all ; all I ask is a square meal ; then we'll adjourn, tho lob of us, and any more as may happen to drop in and join us, to tho store ; and after that— I don't promise, mind — but it's very likely I'll bo Baying good-bye to you. As for you, mu'rm," continued Thunderbolt, bowing suavely to Mrs. Lees, !' if you'vo heard anything about me at all, you'll know that you're safe, whatovor happeus and tho little lady, too !". Mrs. Locs treated this assurance with silent contempt ; and the outlaw now ordered them alljinto tho sitting-room, which, as he had been careful to find out fifst, hud r.o second door and no windows beyond two that looked out upon the verandah. The young storekeeper was the last to enter, and he turned on thuthroshold to shake his fist at Thunderbolt's mate. "You villain !" ho muttered savagely — " you double-dyed immeasurable " Some swift momentary change In Brown's face — to which Thunderbolt for the moment hnd turned his back— mado tho young man stop short in the thick of his epithets. It set him thinking, too. And a little conver sation botwcoli Thunderbolt and his mate, which now took place, made his thinking run in unexpected groovos. "Can you walk yet," asked Thunder bolt. "No." " Where do you sleep, then ; and how do tbey shift you?" " I sleep in tho barracks ; tho gontleinen carry me to and fro morning and cvoning." As young Millor, and iudeed everyone, kuew, Brown was not carried to and from the barracks ; he hobbled on crutches. Miller, moreover, had a shrewd idea as to where those crutches were at tlint moment ; the creepers grew so thickly nt the base of tho trellis, and tho long chair covered so much ground just there that they oould not quite bo seen; but that they were' within Browu's roach Miller could not doubt. Hi ideas became almost too much for hitn, for noue but himself had heard the small con versation betweon the bushranger and his quondam mato, and Miller yearned ' to whisper tho gist of it to Ayrton, though, happily, he had too much sense to ' attempt this. Au hour passed. Supper was over ; the bushranger had eaten heanily enough, if no ono else did, and had not touched a drop of anything stronger than tea — all the whilo with half an eye upon the verandah and Brown, and an eye and a half upon the room and its occupants. The number of tho latter was now materially increased. After dinner had been served Sammy, the Chinese cook, was uot allowed to return to the kitchen. Then the groom had come, in to say that a strange black liorse was tethered in the pines, unci tho groom had been detained. Then the butcher bad come to see what had happened to his friend the groom, and tho butcher hnd been detained. Tho maid-servant, also, had surrendered of her own accord, being tired '"of. tho dust, and 'discomfort and ' 'sblitudo1 under her .mistress bod ; so she'was in the room too, in'a state of intermitted tihysterids. But Mrs. Lee3 sat. through it. till' in; haughty silence ; and little Pen, clasping her, mother's hand tightly, did her best to follow her mother's examplo, \ ' ! i. . " I wob obcq in pretty much the same fix before," Thunderbolt told them good humorcdly, though really the "fix " did not seem to bo on his side. " It .was at a Queensland statioi), Clermont, way ';' 'and I'd" bailed up all. hands in the. store quite com fortably ; but they were fools enough /to at tempt a rush, and— how many 'was itlshot, mate?" asked Thunderbolt, glancing through she door. "Three," replied Brown shortly. "So yon said— I was not there," "Ah, three; so it was, three.' Now, they could only hang mo once for them three. What's more, if I was to shoot three dozen more lo-night— supposing there wore three dozen here to shoos— still, they, could only hang me onee. That's where I'vo got tho bulge, you seo !" Thunderbolt puffed his pipo complacently. Ho seemed enamored of the situation, aud glad to prolong it. Suddenly, however— quite suddenly— he -turned to. the young storekeeper. " Yon sing, mister— eh ? I heard you as yon camo along the verandah. Give us a song now." Young Millor, though his eyes met the bushranger's, saw a white faco nodding to him through tho open door; and the1 reluct ance with whioh lie went to tho piano was only feigned. Then and there ho sang, to his own accompaniment, a song that'fell agreeably upon Thunderbolt's cars, but sank like load into all other hearts, save that of Thunderbolt's mate. Tho song ended, the bushranger said authoritatively, "Give us another." Young Miller glanced inquiringly at Mrs. Lees. The circumstance had not quite robbed him of his English manners.- Before tho first song he had asked permission in the same muto way, and received a nod. It was almost a pity she did not confine herself to a nod 'tilts tuno, for it only amuseu the bushranger whon she said sarcastically, "Certainly, Mr. Miller. Pray, do not bo murdered for the sako of a song !" Miller struck up a lively jingle, reminis cent of burnt cork and ' tne , banjo, and straightway plhnged into a song- chat pur ported to bo comic. It was highly, 'appro- . ciated. Thunderbolt beat time with his spurred heels, joined in the chorus', and, at tho end, rapped out his applause upon tho door-panels with the butt end of his pistol. He had laughed . uproariously , ufc leaBt onco in every verse, aud faint echoes from tho verandah had further encouraged the singer. In high good humor, tho bushranger now asked Miller to play ono of the old English ballads. Millor got out the book, and a Btrange scene followed. Thunderbolt — this bloodthirsty desporado— stood up, revolver in hand, aud sang "Tho lass of Richmond Hill " ; moreover, he Bnng it with excellent expression, and in a full, manly voico that only just missed being sweet into tho bar gain. None of the party ever heard tho song again without recalling his singing of it. It was greeted with loud applause from the verandah, to which Thunderbolt had turned his back when singing. The morry ruffian's spirits rose Btill higher, and ho un dertook to give "Tom Bowling" as a wind-up. Ho looked really very handsome and taking and good-natured, as lie stood up thero framed in the doorway. The light of tho lamp on the table and of the candles in the piano sconces fell upon his tall, athletic frame and Dtrong regular features. His teeth, as his mouth opened — like a true singer's— in a perfect circle, woro while and even, and he sang that tender old song of Dibdin's with a rough, elieclivo tenderness of his own, though the revolver was in his hand and his finger on tho trigger. Never before or sineo, ono ventures to assert, has "Tom Bowling " been rendered under Buch very exceptional circumstances. It occupied some ininutos. Your rough- and-rendy Dinger's tendency is ever to overdo tho andanto, and this one bad a particular weakness for rallentaudo. So tho song, which was sung much better than the pre vious song, took up somo littlo time ; and when it was over there wub no applause. The leader of the applauso was Bilent.' There was not a sound from tho verandah. Thunderbolt turned round quickly, almost before tho last note had died away, and uttered a sound that seemed to corns from anothor throat, and a wild beast's, for it was a roar of rage. HiB former mate— tho helpless man with tho broken leg— was gone 1 Thunderbolt strode out, but only o yard from tho door, and stood listening and peer- ing through tho darkness. He could see nothing ; he could hear nothing, Wheeling round, he stalked book into the room, livid and furious, and clapped his revolver to young Miller's ear. "Yon young hound !" ho yelled, " I'vo a mind to blow your brains out whore you sit I You've had a hand in this 1" And Tom Bowling hud not been 30sec. " gone aloft." Thunderbolt's mate hoard plainly enough tho yell of rago tlmtannouncod the discovery of his escape. At that moment his orutchcs had carried him considerably less than 200 yards from the homestead, but ho smiled complacently as he hobbled on — he felt tolerably 'secure. Tho night was as blaok as pitch; the clouds had banked up for rain ; so that when Brown looked over his shoulder tne outlino of the station was in visible. "Even if it was bright moonlight," mut- torcd Brown, as he ncarad the homo pad dock-gate, "even if ho could see me, he daren't give chase 1 Ho knows that if ho left thut verandah for half a minute they'd be into the store and urmcd to tho teeth before ho could get back. But I know what he'll do now ; he'll do like he done up in Queens- land,' iv here he stuck up Evelyn Downs single-handed. He'll make Sammy letch a rope ; then he'll sot on one or two to bind all the rest; nnd then one of thoso two'll have to biud the other; and then Thundcrbolt'll bind hint. Then ho'U ransack the place, and awuy with an hour's start before the first man frees himself. 'J'hat's what he'd havo dono at Evelyn Downs, if those poor covcb hadn't had too much pluck ami too little sense. That's what he's doing now, for that Ay t ton's too oool to lose his head or to let. tho others try anything on either, unless they were cock sure." In point of fact, Brown Wits right. At that very moment Sammy, the Chinese, was cutting down the clothes lines from the pine trees behind iiis kitchen 1 It is difficult, at best, to make respectable spaed on crutches — impossible, when the only leg that may touch the ground has been out of uso for weeks, and when the wholo frame is weakcued and reduced by a pro longed period of inactivity. Brown got over the first mile at a good ruto, consider ing everything : but he naid for it before ho was halfway through tho second Quite suddenly his brain reeled, the crutohcs slipped from under his armpits, ho foil for ward upon his hands. Insteud of stunning him, the slight shock galvanised his swim ming senses and cleared his brain ; but he was wise enough to slip right down for a minute's rest, in which to gather strength and review the situation. He had not come more than a mile and a half, or a quarter of the way to the wool-shed— of this he was cortain. A quarter of the way, and he had already collapsed oucc ! The prospect of his reaching the sited at 'all seemed ;by no n-.euns cortain. Even if he did succeed in getting thero, could ho be in rimo to bo of any use ? IIo would, indeed, be able to despatch prompt assistauco to the prisoners at the homestead— but only to iiud, no doubt, that they were prisoners no longer, and that the bushranger had g'ot a long safe start. On the other hand, there wpre two possibilities to consider. Thero was the chance of the prisoners being so seoiu-ely bound that it might take them hours to release themselves; and the thought of Mrs. Lees and littio Pen — above all,, of little Pen — being luceroted for hours by the binding ropeB was intolerable to Brown. Then there was the chance , of Thunder- bolt's capture if a lute and cry, were started by the shearers, most of whom had, horses in the horse paddock out at the Bhcd;, and the thought oi that made Brown tremble with excitement. Without know ing which incentive was the stronger, he Set his teeth, dragged himself from the ground, aud once more swung forward on his crutches. It waB a terrible task that ha ha'd set him self—indeed, un impossible one ; but Browu had not time to find this out. For ho had, uot proceeded a hundred yards from the spot where he had fullcn when u galloping horse man overtook him. At first ho. thought it ,wus Thunderbolt! ' crouched behind a big blue-bush at ono side of the track, set his teeth, clubbed a crutch, and thought bitterly of his buried pistolB. But when the horse came up there wns just light enough to see that it was a grey, ' aud Thunderbolt's mount was black as ink. Besides, the rider wub sitting all of a heap, and an unsteady heap too, which put it beyond doubt that it was not evon Thunder bolt on one of tho station horses. So then Brown started up as smartly as he was able and let out a loud shout ; whereupon the rider — a harmless shearer on his was home from a convivial evening in the township— nearly fell from his saddle, but reiuod up awkwardly, and showed his presence of mind by an eloquent but indistinct set of curses. " Don't stop, man 1" cried Brown. " Ride on to the wool-shed for your life ! The hotne- ntead's stuck up, and every, bouI's in Thunderbolt's hands 1" . "Thunderbolt?" .. .. "Thunderbolt !" In an instant, tho festive Bheurer . became quite painfully sobor, by, oomparison. He rode up . close- to Brown. "Why— great Soott 1 you're.. the cove with the broken log!"-.; . - "Get on man; there s not a moment to lose 1" - - . . . > " But how the mischief did you get here? Crutches and all, so help me 1" "Oh,, ride on, can't you?" cried Brown angrily. ' "Think of the woman and the child,''. The shearer sat for some seconds longer like' a; statue in the saddle; then with a forcible imprecation— bin a most compli mentary one to " tho cove with the broken leg"— he dag spui-B into hiB horse aud thundered on. And Brown sank down again bohind his blue-bush, and realised, now that it was off his shoulders, the complete im possibility of tho task he had set himself — to hobble six miles on his crutches. He lay upon the ground, utterly feeble, aud feeling as though n forceps had been at work draw- ing.every norve aud sinew out of bis body. Consciousness nlmost forsook him ; ho foil into a state of partial stupor. Ho was roused — it must have been an hour later— by a stampede of horses sweep ing down tho track at a gallop. It was the shoarors, with William Lees at thoir head. When they had passed Browu struggled up and propped himself once mora upon his crutches, and began retracing hiB nteps to the homestead. Bat his pace was considerably slower than it had been before. He thought ho was never going to reach tho home-pad- dock gate. At last he knew that he was near it by hearing tho double gatoB clatter back upon the posts aud a horse's hoofs thunder through. What followed oeoupied a few moments only. A black horse was rained up within a yard of Brown, and when Brown ad dressed the rider, taking him for one of tho pursuers, a low, cruel laugh was the nnswer ; aud then— a flash, a report, a horse's gallop dying away iu the distanob ; and Thunderbolt's mate left lying in bia blood, shot by Thunderbolt ! On tragic nights suoh.as this ono poople are slow to go to bed, even when the dangor is over. At midnight William Lees, hiB wife and child and the trembling maid servant est in silence in tho sitting-room, awaiting the return of tho hue and ery, which seemed certnin at last to capture the notorious Thunderbolt, but which in fact did no such thiug, Lccs at. the moment was ah embittered man : he, and he alone, was out of the chase ; duty had tied him to the domestic apron strings, and the action of his young men, who had joined tho pur suers without so much as asking leave, had tightened tho knots. All at once, but so silently that her parents hardly noticed it, little Pen stole out into the verandah. She fauciod sho had heard a faint cry in the verandah. Fancy became certainty, for the cry was repeated — "Miss Pen!" Tho voico was sadly feoblo, but it was Brown's voice. Pen know it instantly, and went swiftly but softly to tho end of the varandah. Tho faint summons came yet again — " Miss Pen !" The child rushed out, groped for and found tho picket-fence) followod it down to tho wicket, went through, and almost fell , over a man's prostrate lorm. " Miss Pen 1 Is it really you?" "Is that really you, Brown?" It vory, very dark, and fine rain was falling. "Yes, miss, it's me— coma back," said Brown, very faintly. "I'm glad yon heard mo and came — in time. Wator i My throat is on fire I" She turned like lightning. Ha called her back. " Miss Pen !" His voiae terrified her ; it was fainter than ovor, and ho was gasp ing. "You rtidu't believe — Miss Pen — I was Biding with him— to-Dight — did yon?" "No, Brown'; really and truly I didn't bolievo that !" She gave him her littlo hand, nnd ho proBsod it to his oold, damp lips, " Wator 1" ho gasped again. Pun ran away, a great lump in her throat, a vague terror in her heart. As sho nenred the verandah sho thought sho heard a long- drawn choking sigh. Sho burst into the room, and told her parents that Brown was outBido, just beyond tho fence, lying down exhausted aud begging for water. But before she hud fold them all the child stoppod and uttered a shrill scream ; the light of the lamp had revealed blood upon her hand I William Lees said nothing, but seizod tho water-bottle and rushed out. 11a was too lata. Thunderbolt's mato was dead. The reader may like to know that Thur- dorbnlt himself never left that district alive ; the polioo sergeant from the town ship near Bilbil shot him dead within 48 hours from that midnight. But it is need less to add tlmt there was noitlicr comfort nor consolation in this for little Penolopo Loos. — E. W. Horuung, in Chambers' Journal. 