A MALICIOUS POLITICIAN. Singe the advent of the present Ministry Sir Henry Pabkes has. de voted a great deal of hiB time to wi-iting artioles on New South Wales affairs to English magazines. One of these effusions dealt with ine moor party ; wniisc tne latest contains a bitter attaolr on Messrs. Dibbs and Barton. It looks as if the latter were composed in anticipation of tho Premier's visit to England, and to provide for his getting a cold reception in that country. The criticisms are those of a thoroughly disappointed man. There is some excuse for Sir Henry Parices fooling disappointed. Por the publio have apparently made up their minds to ignore his oxistouoe. Nobody now speaks of him as the saviour of the country ; „ nobody as serts that his presence in Par liament is necessary to pass wise measures; nobody regnrds him as a power to be either feared or courted. The general opinion seeniB to be that in abandoning office some months ago he porfornied one of the most sonsible acts of his life, and that lie would crown this proceeding if he retired altogether from the political arena. Under such circumstances a much less vain man than the ex-Premier could hardly prevent the growth of un pleasant sensations in his mind. But there are men who, if they were situated as Sir Henry Parkes is, would take care not to give the public the slightest reason for believing that there was any gangrene in their souls. They might swear in secret, but before the world they would show smiling faces. In the article now under notice Sir Henry Parkes asserts that neither Mr. Dibbs nor Mr. Barton believes in protection. So far as the Premier is concerned a similar charge has been made repeatedly by several free-trade papers published in New South Wales. No one was surprised at it coming from such a source, for several of those journals had made up their minds to destroy Mr. Dibbs by fair means or foul. Not being able to charge the object of their insane hate with being dis honorable in his commercial rela tions, or impure in his private life, or corrupt as a member of the Legislature, they accused him of political insincerity. Of course they did not believe in their own accusations. It is rarely the case that slanderers do. The idol of these wretched publications has made a mis take by following their example. Amongst the readers of the Con temporary Beview are many persons who have a good knowledge of human nature, and, doubtless, the effect of their perusal of the Parkes article will be the production of a feeling of contempt for tho author. Also, they may be expected to conclude that the author is himself the subject of the very vice that ho charges Messrs. Dibbs and Barton with possessing. They know that malicious criticism is, as a rule, a self-revelation. Has any person ever furnished a shred of argument in support of an assertion that Mr, Dibbs has no real belief in protection ? If so we are ignorant of the fact. The paper that has been most bitterly opposed to him said on several occasions that ho was insincere because he announced his conversion to protection suddenly. That, of course, was not argument. Perhaps the journal in question is of the opinion that the public announcement of a politician's conversion should be in instalments. There was no need for Mr. Dibbs to practice hypociio/ in connection with tho fiscal policy ; had he desired to make headway by means of political insincerity he would have remained with the free-trade party. The charge of insincerity brought against Mr. Barton is supremely ridiculous, and if Sir Henry Parkes believes it tho fact proves that he has entored into the dotage stage. But we do not think he is a dotard. The only rational ex planation of Mr. Barton's conversion to protection is that the conversion was the result of intelligent conviction. Can a similar remark be made con cerning Sir Henry Parices' conversion to free-trade? He abandoned pro tection shortly after having given masterly expositions of the policy, and at a tinio ' when it had hardly any supporters in the coun try. And he has not delivered a single speech on free-trade that does not contain a number of transparent fallacies. Of all the men in the world Sir Henry Parkes should be the last to throw stones at Messrs. Dibbs and Barton. The ex-Premier has also informed the readers of the Contemporary Review that the See tariff will cer tainly bo repealed at tho next goneral election. Sir Henry is notoriously a bad prophet, and his predictions should be interpreted in the way that many people interpret dreams. If one may form a conclusion from tho feelings of the people one must decide that there is not the ghost of a chance of the electors reviving the old order. They gave Sir Henry Parices and his crowd a fair opportunity to work the free-trade system for all it is worth, and the result was that the publio debt was greatly increased, and trade and in dustry became afflicted with semi- paralysis. By many free-traders the unexampled depression from which tho country is suffering lias been attributed to the maritime strike; but people who have thought about the subjeot know better. There was commercial depression before tho strike. What ever may be said in favor of free-trade as a theory, the general opinion amongst our citizens is that as a practical policy it is not suited to the circumstances of New South Wales. Protection has come to stay, and if Sir Henry Parkes Btarts another crusade against it lie will be able at the close to fully describe how a man feels who hr« made a fool of himself, and has been subjected to a series of humiliations. 