BneGfloiai PitoiograpHs. No. 35.—Professor Irving, M.A. Professor Martin Howey Irving -was born on February 21, 1831, in London, his father being at the time minister of the National Scotch Church there, the building having been erected specially for him. He was educated principally at King's College, -where he remained till 1848, -when he won the Baliol Scholarship. In the folio-wing year he entered Baliol College, Oxford, his tutor, being the famous scholar, Dr. Jowett. It was in reference to the extensive learning of this celebrated man that the following pithy epigram was written:— I am the famed Dr. Jowet!-, I'm the master of Baliol College ; Wliatever's worth knowing, I know it, And what X don't know is not knowledge. This gentleman is now the master of the college, though by some mistake his obituary notice was published last year in the Argus. Amongst those pursuing their studies there in. Mr. Irving's time were the present Speaker of the House of Commons, Mr. Peel, son of Sir Robert Peel; Mr. Justice Chitty ; Dr. Warre, present master of Eton College ; Mr. Hornby, former head-master, and now Provost of Eton; Mr. Ridding, head-master of Winchester College; Sir Robert Herbert, Under-Secretary for the Colonies ; Mr. Bamston, Assistant Under-Secretary ; Mr. Gardiner, the historian, and brother-inlaw of Mr. Irving; Mr. Stephens, Pi'ofessor of Natural History, in Sydney; and his brother, the Director of Education in Tasmania; Dr. Charles Pearson, the well- known scholar, politician and historian ; Mr.R.Murray Smith, C.M.G-., and the late Earl of Carnarvon. Dr. Pearson and Mr. Irving were in the same class at Oxford, and the three old classmates had the pleasure of meeting together at Government House, Melbourne, a short time ago. Mr. Irving-spent throe years at Oxford, and in 1885 passed his final examination for the degree of Baohelor of Arts. This was the last examination under the old system, under which candidates were compelled to go in for honours in both classics and mathematics at the same time. He succeeded in winning the University mathematical scholarship, and ran second to Sir Robert Herbert for the great Oxford classical scholarship. While there he distinguished himself in athletics, more especially in boating, being lioad of the river one year and winning the University sculls. For about two years he remained at Oxford, taking pupils, and then he became second classioal master of the City of London School, his most distinguished Boholar being Dr. Abbott, who became famous in . literature, and afterwards himself head-master of the same institution. Owing to the absence of the \- - : mathematical master for six months, Mr. Irving took that department upon himself, and had as a pupil Mr. Aldis, afterwards senior wrangler of Cambridge. "While at this school, Mr. Irving was selected by Mr, R. Lowe (subsequently Lord Sherbrook), and Professor Maiden, of the University College, London, to come to Melbourne as professor of classics at the University. He was practically one of the original professors of the Victorian institution, as Mr. Rowe, who was appointed to the position a little while before, died soon after lie arrived in the colony, and before he entered upon the actual performance of his duties. Mr. Irving took up work in July, 1850, his subjects comprising Latin, Greek, and Ancient History," subjects which are now undertaken by one professor and two lecturers. His colleagues were Professor Wilson, Dr. Hoarn, and Professor McCoy, all of whom were men admirably fitted to shed a lustre on the higher educational system of any country. The University eommonoed operations in the old Exhibition building in 1805, and one of the flrBt pupils who attended lectures was Sir Henry Wrlxon. Contemporary with, or, perhaps, a little later than bis time, were many colonists who have since exoroised a strong and unmistakable influence upon the early history of Viotoria, more especially in rolationto politics, law, medioine. and education. For instance, we may mention as examples tho following:—Justices Hodges and Hood, Judge Molesworth, tho late Judge MoFarland, Mr. Shiels (Premier), Mr. Doakin (ex Chief Secretary), Dr. Madden, Mr. Wiggins, Professor Elkington, the late Professor Pirani, Drs. Chas. Ryan, P. Moloney, Bride, Allan, Bennie, Messrs. C. A. Topp, Tynan, and A. Harper, all of whom have done conspicuously good work in their respective departments. The council in those days was pretty well irresponsible, as there was no Senate to check them, and they could get passed what statutes they liked. ' The consequence was that things were not made as pleasant for the professors as they could have wished, and a good deal of friction was engendered. One matter which aroused a feeling of irritation in the minds of the professors was the passing of a statute prohibiting the professors from sitting in Parliament. This the professors regarded as an arbitrary infringement .on their rights, and a breach of an imphed contract, no such restriction having boen imposed when they were appointed. The only member of the teaching body whoever, was really anxious to enter Parliament was Dr. Hearn, and as the difficulty in his case was got over by his being created Dean of the Faculty of Law, the matter was allowed to drop. Professor Irving retained office till 1872; when lie resigned in order to take the headmastership of Wesley College, rendered vacant by the death of Dr. Corrigan. After filling that position* with great success for five years, he purchased the Hawthorn College from Mr. Meeson. In 1884 he was appointed one of the members of the Public Sex-vice Board, which position he still holds. Literature has a strong fascination for him, more particularly the works of our best English writers. He is a devoted lover of Shakespeare, whom he ranks second only to the Bible ; Byron and Tennyson are also among his favourite authors. Though a literary enthusiast, he never allows his enthusiasm to run away with his judgment, and he is keen atlayingliis finger on a fault in even his most cherished writers. Personally he rather shuns than courts the notice of the public ; his means of enjoyment are in himself and his studies, and he is content to pursue his way " Along the cool sequestered vale of life." Any sketch of the character of Professor Irving would be incomplete without refei-once to the peculiar religious sect to which ho bolongs, and of which his father helped to lay tho foundations. Of the many ramifications to which the Protestant Church has been subjected since the Reformation, one of the most noticeable is the Catholic Apostolic Church, not only on account of the peculiarity— some even say the assumption—of its tenets, and the religioits enthusiasm of its ndhoronts ; but also on account of the numerous celebrated men who have come into its fold. In tho year 1815 Mr. Edward Irving, father of Professor Irving, received his license to preach from tho Prosbytory of Kirkculdy, and ho won reputation as a now force in tho clerical world. He soon bocamo ordained and was appointed pastor of the Caledonian Church, Hatton Gardens, in London. His impassioned eloquence had the effect of wakening a chord that had long been slumbering in tho hearts of the London congregations, and his church was "invaded" by the leaders of society in Modern Babylon. "All the approaches to Hatton Gardens were crammed i with oarriuges and vehicles of all sorts and journeyers thither on foot," So great was tho crush that many who had come from a distance' to hear the electric oratory of the great preacher never got within the reach of his voice and somo never even saw the bixilding itself. Shortly afterwards he became deeply impressed with the approach of the Lord's Second Advent, as shadowed forth in prophetic utterances of the time, and on the solicitation of Mr. Bartle Frere he threw himself into the study of his subjeot with characteristic zeal. Time passed on and in due course one or two of the female members "spoke with tongues'* and prophosieel in private houses. On Sunday, Ootober 10, 1831, one lady suddenly arose during the servioe and commenced Bpeaking in an unknown tongue and ending with the wordB in English, " How dare ye to suppress the voice of the Lord P" This was the first exercise of the " gift" in public and its effect upon the congregation may he imagined, .at the evening servioe the building was crowded, as well as the adjacent , places, and the utmost consternation wna caused by another propheoy delivered in a voioe of thunder by a Mr. Taplin. The people rushed madly towards the doors, panio stricken, and a Bceno of dangeros pollmoll ensued. The news of these remarkable occurrences i apidly spread throughout London arid eminent men entered xipon learned discussions as to the portont of theso mystorioua prophecies and gift of tongues. The outoomo of it all whs that MiEdward Irving was oompelled to leave the Scotch Ohuroh. Many of the adheronts, howevox-, wont with liim, and a now churolx was founded, which contained in its essential features tho germs of tho Catholic Apostolio Ohuroh as it exists to-day. It was confidently expected by tho members that the coming of the Lord was at hand, and their obieob was to proparo tho world for His roooption. To. oarry out this idea offoetivoly it was necessary to abandon the beaten paths along ■which the churches had been travelling for centuries, and to do something of sufficiently striking novelty to draw the a ttention of the people to the impending crisis which was daily expected to arise. The continuation of the prophecies, and the exercise of the " gift of tongues," served this purpose for a time, and public curiosity remained at a high pitch until the failure of several of the more definite prophecies constituted a source of weakness. To meet the difficulty a new theory had to be propounded, and this was readily forthcoming. It was pointed out" on Scriptural authority, that evil spirits had power to communicate through human media as well as good spirits, and spiritual utterances had. therefore, to be placed under supervision. Meanwhile the organisation of the church was formed, the most impotant branch of which was twelve apostles selected in accordance with Divine utterances, the result of special supplication. One of these was Thomas Carlyle, the " seer of Chelsea." Irving, however, did not live to see the work of organisation carried to completion. The strain and worry of the position in which he was placed proved too much for his strength, and he died towards the end of 1831. It is remarkablo that though he was the most talented member of the body, and, in fact, its founder in its original form, he never aimed at taking the supreme position, and was quite content to conduct his ministration as subordinate to the apostle. Speaking of the death of this singular, but gifted reformer, his friend, Thomas Carlyle, says : | Irving clave to liis belief as to bis soul's soul; followed it whithersoever, through earth or air, it might lead him; toiling as never man toiled to spreud it, to gain the world's ear for it—in vuin. Ever wilder waxed the confusion without and within. The misguided noble-minded had now nothing left to do but die. Ue died the death of the true and the brave. His last words they say wore: "In life and in death, I am the Lord's"—Amenl Anient Notwithstanding the loss of their leader, the little band of believers in the immediate second advent struggled on in the face of ever accumulating difficulties and failures of prophecies. Their first conception was that at least their twelve apostles would be in the flesh to greet the Lord on His coming, but these divinely-called officers dropped off year by year, until at the present time there is only one—Mr. Woodhouse—remaining. It has managed to establish branches in many parts of the 'world', and the one situated in QueenBberry-street, Carlton, appears to be in a thriving condition. After relinquishing the University, Professor Irving gave his aid to the cause in Melbourne, and by united efforts the adherents have succeeded in building a handsome church, worthy of a sect with such high pretensions. The ceremony is interesting — even picturesque from an (esthetic point of view, and the forms and symbols with which tho service is framed assume a living powor from the fervour and earnestness with which they are carried out. The symbolism is founded to a large extent on the Book of Revelations, the candlestick with the seven c'andles playing an important part in the arrangement of the ordinances. 'Thus, in the centre of the chancel, seven lamps are suspended ; and again in every church there are one " angel" (that is the title of the officiating minister) and six elders. All who take part in the performance of the ceremonies wear robes, with distinctive emblems indicating their respective offices. The order of worship, as conducted in Melbourne on Sundays, lasts from ten in tho morning, till half an hour after noon, during which time the congregation are either singing or praying, only being seated when the lesson from the Old Testament is being read, or the homily delivered. The latter is in many cases of very short duration. In the matters of intoning prayers and responses, the service is similar to the High Church of England, and the Prayer Book for tho great part follows on the lines of that church. To the uninitiated, a startling ingredient in the service is people speaking " in the spirit." From time to time in the course of the proceedings, members may suddenly commence delivering a Divine message which has suddenly been entrusted to them. TheBO are utterly distinct from the" confessions" and "testimonies of penitence" of revival and Salvation Army meetings j they are taken to be literally and not figuratively the " voice of God." So reverently are they regarded, that tho utterances are taken in shorthand, and after, transcription, conveyed to the presiding " angel," Nonmembers are cordially invited to witness the worship, but are specially requested not to take a shorthand note of anything uttered by a member when " in tho spirit." In a short sketoh it is impossible to give as adequate or just conception of' the many subtle shades of 'difference in doctrine, organisation and oereinonios which form the real distinction between these people and the so- onlled orthodox j nor is it our province to attempt to oritioise their belief. The original " rift within the lute" was the gift of prophecy and tho olaiiu to directly interpret the will of the Holy Ghost. Even tho bitter opponents of these worshippers admit their sincerity, and envy their enthusiasm, and in those half-heartod days of religion theso are two valuable qualities in a sect. So long as religious enthusiasts are honest in their purpose they may indirootly olear away some of the mystery whioh has surrounded the groat problem of life and death and sin since " tho Song of Creation was sung," and prepare the way for the advent of tho crowning race— Of those who, oye to oyo, shall look OniKuowlodKui undor whoso aouunuiul Ih Worth and Earth's i and la whoso hand Is Niituvo hut an o(iaii hook, 