A?Pive Hundred Dollar Ghost Before the construction of Cuban rail road' the journey from Santiago to Man Elhnille, over the 'passes of the Sierra Mr atra, wals made in diligenccs--first .cousins to the lumblering vehicles that still carry summer loads of tourists from gav.Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo, and the iones of the unaccustomed ached for a week after rattling in one for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autumn day, somewhere lack in the sixties, the American mail had landed its contingent of letters and traders at Sanitinago le Cuba, and toward evening one ofttl' hulgy and dusty conveyaneeO m'entioned above rumbled out of the coirtru'd of the Hotel de Cortez, loaded .ilt .wih passen1gers atld post packets for the interior. It was a stormy sundown. O( the fece of the round globe there is not a more over-estimlated stretch of water thalt the Carribean Sea, nor a greater delusion than that universally entertained tby pr1us who have hal no dealings with it.s it is always molnth sailing there. Itis Ithv of I isc?av a1I1d Blritish Channel colubiued, and the wildest dale in their Iate:?s is :t snl(ler Ibrceez compared with Cariribetn torn:lado. chlell an elemental pa1itinte w1s1 ris.ilng oltzide Santi;ago har t(hour on this evenling, and our diligence, i?1th its pe:akred :ln1 t:assel-hattedl driver screamilng to hli te'u1 of lules, its dozen insice paets eg.l se paetckd like s.ar,liues ill a t'll and its luajo:al (cenduetor) aswiugil.l plreeariously, w\ith: dangled legs, in the tlleathern luggage cover, was Iblioved upl the stleep a:nl pehhly sl;!(cts of ,ulltirlgo nitld flar alolng the hdeiles (lf the Sierra Slasestro ,by the thulllering swell of the (:arlibe;lI iea. It overnlowerllc tleca.se less clack of the drliver's whipn td the iut?ie of llinliiihrious (:tule be!ls; it, d'ruhownd the lconverationh attei:ltfs, m:d delulged with lhiltre dust the twelve .wretched "insides"; anI it even closed the loqllacioils loutitl (iof thl majolilrd lilll self, i personailge lwhoi, like ourt ohil pIstit (lli ductors, w:as always shSek f ll of ullnedotes and ready to empty Ia pleasanlt glass with anyone. Little by lia.lc, as tie diligence wounl' pi) adltl lup, ;ntlldl dIIl'er and deeper into ll tile e art lof tliheou:Olltail, the inrcliease howl:]; grew feeble. deadeInd hv :C.?etinIg aigtins 'wall after wall of lillestone ; the roI ltb sidedslowly into fitful wails, ndal at, last evenl these cxplired. The storn, succe ae:d cahl--ath to profoind :s to l:: ineaily. The highsc:t p1oint of tile pass was.S narly Sattailled, alld the driver hi;id ceased to crack his whip, for theill way woundll along thle edge of chasms whleri thic wtas scai. celey fotlt d ho lle tile mlulle. ulit, of these deeps issued r:ntll tinle ti tille the weirdest a11ill i most llunearthly of sI u lllltls. A rude cross caughtl the light oat its naked arms as the coachi inllIered y, land the Inajolal, who was ft iloig oln foot, as was his customll ill .st'cp aind stony glaes,, crossed hilmself lionlIly. "A' AeI2r'ti';in??l fell down the elLIsl here," lie expllailned to a plassenger whose cu 'iousity was5 exited. "And his gho'lt haunlts te slot, of coullse," sOuljoined ia Itliplpat fellow countryllan oft the diecased. " vqlry hair costs- a shlduow. scuiir," was the reply, liunusuallay laconic for a majoral. Otl, ofill this episodlic fra'iallent of talk grew anll anlimallted ellneIsati?il, with a se?satiolll cul to it. Now that tir wleind had ceased to howl, ;at l ill:t to fly down open(ILIl throats, the toigllues of the tlwelve lpaIsielngers: begall to wag, and by the time the ldallge'rous loint ill the jiassaitlsU the highest poilt -was safely traverseld,1 and the driver had whipped iiup his six mules, tile insides, with their cotnductor precariously poised on the foothoard, were deell ill a dilsiclsion coricerning tnlleli anull g lostly tokens anld afriter of the mloulltain. The ilnky uline of the clItuds ovelhlead, ad the 1sg'plltianl darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadfill celerity, plredlisplosedl the uIlnlld to dwetllo ln images of mlystery aund terror. 'da 'tias, the mnajornll, a s:artlty, dark-eyel Cuban,l wittily .Suplelttitioli.? ilitl soleinlvry con ceited, had a well-li.ulded story of rile or wonder for eery tillu of the road. " At thiat angle we haveljust I oudcd," said he, "was fotund sevte years ago at the .sea5so of the 'Inn,,zuNCth: alln ialllalded cl'a (postchaise), empty audl hblod-stained. None of the venu'ils (inns) of Santti;g:o ownled it; nonle knllew how it catle there. Bult tile diligence Iaking its Inext Ii weekly of the Santa i Ieli.a 1Pass jourtley, was nlet by two sp?ectres-- a man ll:l and a woman-each with a bleedling wountd slit on the left brleast. They' rose out of the gorge-there where the lnules plunged -the brutes lrelne-llber it to this Iday, 113 senlOrs--atid tile male afrit thrust a knlife into the breast of the female, then into his ownl breast, after which both vanislhed down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Thien we knew;l there had lheenl miurder ao d suicide-thus mlluch, but no noioe. For though diligent search was Illade at the foot of the precipice, it was ullavailing. Thie spectlres returned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's soI ill all Cuba knew whcllce they canlie or who they were. Thuls things went on till next AmeIzuciah. TheIii Lcaie the I'dre Viuez out of the .lesuit .ollege at lhavana, with four collegians, to 'make a sojourn in these llounltaius. What knowledge the lads Sllhould gather here-IGod nuld the learnlled ladrl' alone wset. 1 plied wiith qluelstiolls l1ine hostess of tho v?wnk wshere they lodged, but'she laughled, a1d ladle ille mild the lules, and s1he woull 11ind1( the geese. Well, thile struilge conlceit whateri' it wasiL- thlt broughtl tlheCIll 11 here:bore fruit'they looked for as little as we. .-Up allmonlg tile peaks of tlese iluuilotaills, and Ilosthere else in all tilhe Alltilles, there live--See! ellersl, thlat iky -spot overlheaId-Jesuls! thatt cry o(l(3 a wt?lolmanin l a1itnislul an a devil-bird tus ?hlrik like tlhalt D.uleld 0.1ouls are prisoiledi timenr vrlurio Ilodlies" (ldevil birds, like o\wls, only 113y abroad at iglilt), •Sut' only in the hours of tdarkness 11a1y thley ive 'uttertl'ancee to tlhelir woo. Tilhe devil-biids live and Ibreed amolng thile hlighl cl~s of tlihe SierrLa 3laestra. \e (nilhaus nlevIer- shoot tlheml. TilThe world is evil eeua.-h: withbut -settiing tlailnlld souls luose il?it.- But a young Elsealui alollng thIe adie's pupils ilil the rIsk. (ile Illorliilg he blroughiL Ihck to thile venhrf a dead devil- bibd that lie had1 killed in the I1 ht'': Miiiol hl,.t was flr havingl it 1sprl1leld Witlh holy water and billriedl ill all Ilast?' biut ll'adre inelz laulghedl, a till,:1 5hich raiely iapItelledl to sluch li •grave ad iSS1r1cinl~tsenl 1or, aIld he .ind tilhe lads toobk tilhe unhaillowed bird 'utsitle and elititi"open. San Dolllingo ! what do Sthey finid 'mong its ctitlls butt .1 golen0( riong,; jljdlli size, a1d of fillC workman ship, aiid'ivith the II Lamli of. Zara"I "venl" ul0ol0 it!~0 The 'iny.stelry of thile Sallta Felisa lisssvls un relled at last. .Icallo Is Moloes, thieiusbaultl of tihe loltly Alutillian l aaa/iedeedid' iot take 1her away vith him 1 in the 4 oi?ieiahchoonersi ifter all. No,. he took.i?hii ti'he SaIta Flisi Palss, and eddl?li e#-?nd jealollsy for 1hi1nelf and hleiiithtwo stIokesL of tle :lknifo Zara's ri s~ii £stred in the ullnleumnl of Ha'aiaa- nlHeri holyland (olok's 'Ieceicedl no buridiyei 1elevoured iy de.vil bird; inLto whos:bbdies peci'halce tlcir souls had-?lr?dY1 pass.d. But the clei. 'I.' of Santiago performed a service on the spot where the cales,: was found, and sprinkled it and the gorge with holy water,; silce which their speetres have troubled the oias no more." This story, which Matias gs.nishcd with abundantexclaallations and gestures, was received witl grave a"id credulous interest by all the hearers save otne. This was a yoiung Georgian about live.ul-d-twenty years of age, who gave himself out as traveller for a tobacco house in laltimore. This young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the entire category o"i' suplerl'atllat l alipearatlces. "Scrve that ,,"t. of cake to you' Cuban niggers, m:ijoral," said lie. " I.t has nut suited mny -tuoinlach since I was a schoolboy." "Cosas de slipano " (it is a matter of breed) ritorted Aliatias, grinlninig and shrugging his sihoulders. Iut the young Yaukee's fllow,-travellers diid not all take his con templtuons incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the tloinji l's philosoplhic good humour. To have inlpr.isive. narrations received with persistent mockery is at trial to t.he best tempered iunrators, implying as it does hot only doubts of their catlllollr, but a meian oplnion of their intellectual capacity. One p?s,-mel'r in plarticula; felt hlimself ._grieved by the I;eorgiall's levity of toingue. This was a 3Mexciai of lifty or thetCealboit, solen!l , ciluladarlrous, ai1 shiori' fa:ced, and lorkiiig like a Pamipas cattle dcaler ill s i prlpelous wa)y of business. H l is piercit: ll Sot eyv e, deep set ullder tlo, pritwcting brows, iipirti?ed a hlolded -fal eon-like expression to his phly.itgnoimy This man hadil related the omen of a tol/ hand, which it his tuitily priligurcl death I.y touchlllg the shouhle:, ilof tile donuled oi', alid itiistifiiel the c:ase of his young vie.l. , whVl felt the silister thclih wliihe iint :chli ; with Itn ,oI the l'atntpas, amnd died a Icw hours after in his artits, without I;exerieniN lany paint ill sytliptol s of illll it.i,.l Several tiies iliurini_ the iai rative thet yiounig coittuercial had clhckled illloid, al:l lie greeted the cllieclusioll with shouts of laugliteir. The Mexicanll loked hard at hi't. " Young gentleiiati," said lie, "though you lauglh so lightly at the ghostly adveituclles of otitlhes, I llm;ke n doubt vou woul hlie the list tto quail ail trmble if ainything similar hailtncd to yotutrselfl." " Wanal, stirailger, if 'o. eai i :ai! a coward, yo halll bitter say so," retorted the Georgianii, laglliiig lludr andi nmore fllfensively thal bIefore. " Loco (idihot). will you force tme to prove yoiur fi,1ly ti you ?" cried the olerl Ilm;ill, clutch big the shoulher of thlic cotiiiercial so hard with his claw-like llngers that lie winlcetd. " I delciu e tol you that the sight of a glhost iwoulid ilie youl dropil o your kllees aster than a derringer crack."' "I cale'late it mi?ht, if it had your miisciul.tr claw, darln ye !" extclaimed the 'youngIg icergial, :lgrily, wrvcstinlg his aril fromt the oithersl" lpaiilnful grip. "Every Ielt fool ns:ty have his iopihiion, lbut lie invYii)'it; choke it ilown lother rlks" throalts, I rcckoni."' In wartll latii.idues, ewhcli wllrds rie .so high, an appeal to revolvers is iitiiiiiit ; iandl such ai issue of the disctusseioni being uidcsir?tle ii a crowded diligen'ce, the other ten tiavellerms ititerferedl in the interestsi of plleace. l'lhediseput^uts showed theiiselves amiienablel to reasoil eachi ca:lied back agilhI in his corner, and lthe stilliess of the iimountaini dlefile iwas lurokei only by tlhe driver's lprofessional oaths, ni the jingling bells of his six blalcked ncules. The ijturncy, nut all down hill, lillcuded urapidly', and shortly befiore mid nightt th.le liidt nllt longest stage o?i the tour to Alallz;inillo cendedil at roadsidle 'tr'/ r, where supper wais- waitiiig ifor tlhe travellers. Ov'er thleir Ibriled trirkey and Sliced h11llus, fried iii oil, anud fresh riasteul coliee-the perl'uiiie oif whiclh still lillced thlle house-the twelve "insides" greiC gay aild talkative. G(radtlally conivelsatioil woirkelI roundlll agail to the sublject of the siperll naturlld, and ill the cheerful seclllrity of thie brightly lighted iun plarlour the youlnig coiiiclrcial lautghed still louder over his compallnion's stories than lie had done iii the Inountain lpass. lithe exlpression of the Alexican's face grew tlovre alld moIlre signilicait. At last lie stood tillp, and in a tolne of sarcastic llenace, saidl, " YOllung Illanll, ylou defy lle to prove whlat 1 sail. honeo, I accllt. 1 lii lprepared to suitiluoni firomi the decad ailly pierson you3tl llllne. If you cali, lauigh inl the face of the spectre. P'oricl/e ? 1 will say no iloine." At this ulnexpected challenge the Yankeo seemed to wiaver, and his chal longer laughed derisively. "Comll, senor, close with hint! Close with hint!" uiii anllimnillliy uingedl the other tell travellers, who were curiouls to see the Otld one's tilent put to the proof, "otherwise we shall think you verily are aficid." "''l'lhen 1 cal'lla:e I'll convince yer to the coiln tiniry," dlraswlcd the Georgian. "l'in sot on Jullnbi " (the spirit worshipped by the negroes of the Antilles, supposed to reside ill ceiba trees), lie added, addressinig the cattle-del.rlc: and exr ectorating over his shoiulder into the firpllace. " You beit he's soimewhre arounlid. We plassel a groveo of ceibas just HOW." "Corpo di Christi l am la niggeror a Johnny Crow!": cried the Alexicai, his fitlceoi eves all cdlaine at the insult imtplied by the young lnan's address. " Call you nlot see the senor is afr-aid, and wants to back out of the business !" sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. "1)'ye wanlt to digest your sllpper with a little Ilad, stranger ?" inquired the YXanikec tatppinig his breast-loeket suggestively, butl belore tile cigar'-roller, who seemed eager to . ccelit this .pro.iosition, could speak, lie was thrust back.iin his chairh alid his voice drwll ed yll eyager aunl iln si.tenlt cries of " 'The clihallenge--keep to the hlalleCig.i, geItlelicil !" "Let seOtior Ailiericalio silgnify lwho iiilong the lcd I.lrted lie wislles ti, see, alld I alil reaI-'." said the cattle-lealcr, whllo :had irecove~ed his lhlcegln. "It is understoodl tlhat 1 Iet hill six hluill'CreI Allericanil dollars that lie will drop ulowel wiith irighlt before the altlLaritioll I coI|jure till--" " llold there ! Six hlulldred dlollars is iiore ttihan I Call ani'ncrd to risk !" illtelrrullted l tl A\ielicll.l. "'Sillce tlhe scior' so lositively IUllices thii exCistence of spirits, thlere can lie no rick for hint," ilnslilluatcd thle Mexi Cal, ill argunLIllt tlhalt wais IIII;oiiillOIISya a1llautled.l " I cen't wager what 1 haven't g6,,'! Iprsistcd the yioulIg :collllercialB , "I 1it ]'11 lt, yonu a hIlntlll:reld dollr, if thll:t will suit yo3." Th'I'lle Mlexic:ail shlruggedl his sii llileris a; , la:uighei l ConlteljiitllOlly.'] " 'ljure ' tip spirit furoi:' tllhe ab.s Si' the ;llisemnble :,lll t111 of.iie lhulllred dollars, I iii, Ic i tl.. ! r .ager' salill?s at six Iutlllt red. If l?lli accept thlat--well; if nlot, I .lcllt tatkle tlhe lilltuerl of I:e'iuillg' ylou lack th? ncet:ifll coitIIIageC." 1'y thisi tou', the clurio. itv II' thle ten.l spectatol.s tlol reellchle 5L.lh it Iiltchl thuat ticyl were pll.elpLarcl to l',-y atlinlot, anlly plice or i!? ik grltificatiin. 011' ifii tile-Il e'ulatue 'elSIOS, let 1i1 co-,,pifratl: i, .i ct, .hi dlillieulIt,. \1c are tiln i nultiier . I e I1 hty iiiowe ifu ltt .ihu.: iel'cch of you will do liki'wiut, with:iueritct.ilr i thteliclo' ii thudiluet tshel illelit tklesdto ll ht: ?ull.a,' dlThis w|rel'lL:I-" t iiei'n1 c i; I ,, d ?te f"c| ,..." illt chImn|te I ll1's wli i iiidti'etaug t~h' , if hie wililie hive ithe iitilse cisjy.il iu , id Ie iih t tidy;r,1,1 his f1,r dlig evhisliers. 010O11111 geie\\\\-in lotifi that, lI could no longer iiertendl to be deaf to them, that he said, with a forced laurh,, which had mighty little bravura in it. " Weaal I guess it's a done job, guvncr. Go ahead and lose yer money as quick as yer like." The l.mllord of the v-enht agreed to place an empty room at the disposition of the necromancer, and the Mexican having selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, and shut the door uponi him.. He himself remained outside in ttlh garden with the rest of the comn plany, whose excitement was iirousedg tile highest pitclt by the cabalistic nature of the next proceedings. Plaeing, himself opposite the closed door the mysterious Mexican bcegan to repeat rapidly '.some formula in an unknowns tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-slnik eyes seemed penetrating to the depths of Avernus. " Who shall call " lie asked at length. " Fair Zara, the female bull-fighter i" was the answier that came back froml the dark room. Tihe Mexican resumed his incanta tions. "I cale'late the lady's husband objects to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'eii both, stranger," jeered theyoung commercial, as the ghost delayed to appear. `Umnoved the necrolianle'r eontiiied his mutterings. At the end of another live minutes the Georgian called out, "Look here, Jalsaino, give over swearing, and let me out I can't afford to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts are getting on their tenl league boots." " There is time, senori ; there is time !" called back the majorml, who stood agape with curiosity behind his passengers. " What do you see 7" demanded the deep voice of the 7Mexican. "Nothing," was the prompt reply. An interval of a few imomients, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was a pause, and then in a soluewhat unsteady voice the answer caime, "I see a white vapour at the cmil of the room --you are letting in steam to frighten me !i" "What comes out of the vapouri " questioned the Mexican. Another pause, longer than before, and then the tremulous inteijection, "It is a figure. It approaches, but I do not care. It is all a delusion;" " What does the delusion do T' demaidled the conjurer, with a sneer of menace in his tones. A sort of slhuddering gasp was audible on the otlher side of the door, then on a suddlc a piercing cry. "A woman's kiss i No ! the lips were lire-the arms ice. Let sme go, liend : there is blood oil her neck I Let meI go ! I am stifling-stmlagling ! Aim ! I can't bear it! Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help ! help i" A heavy fall was heard inside the room. Some of the company tore open the door, whilstothers fetched a light. The comnuercial lay oni the lioar in coilvulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They sprinkled cold water on the loan's face, slapped his handls land feet, shook him, and rubbed him with vinegar, frightened out of their wits at the alarming consequences of the spectral wager. At last lie canme to. rawing a dtleep breath, lie opened his eyes, :and cast at terrilied glance toward the end of the room, as if lie expected to see the glassy gaze of the imurdereud mal/adaor still rivetted upon him Hlis relief at findiun the apparition gone was quicklysucceeded by anll outburst of fluiy against the wizard who had called it up. "Where is lie gone 7" lie cried. " Where is the blanked swindler who has been trying to gammonl lme with his ghost ? It was a gull, a cheat ! The dead don't return." IHe looked savagely about iiim, but the Mexi canl trader was not thrclc; le had stayed behiln in the garden. " Where.is- lie skulking 7 Let me come at him !" shouted the young comniercial, 'aud before' anyoneo had time to prevelt him, lie shot out into thie grdenl like a cannon-ball. The otlhers followed in a state of panic, expecting a catastrophe if the two men met. It was pitclh dark in the garden, and they called aloud to the Mexican to beware of the exaspemrated Yankee. But everything relmaiumd quiet. Presently more lights were bi ouglit, and strict search was made among the beds of yalis and cassava ail the patch of sugar- cane in the vhcute g-arden. It resulted in the discovery of nothing but a young mongoose, probably hairlourinig thievish dlesigns on mnne host's turkeys. A low hledge of coflee-bushes separated the garden froin the adjacent country, which was enveloped in the black ness of a stormy imidnigh?t. Under cover of this impenetrable glooni the maagician and the sceptic, their theatrical auimosity laid aside with the completion of their rdlc.s, had accomplished aii easy evasion, carrying with thmeni the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow passellgers. Some of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others affirmnned that the entire advoniture was the work of the devil and his agents. The debate on these points occupied tihe whole of the next stage. The majoral was of course drawn into the argument, but lie would not comnunit himself. "God' only knew. The Americanos were won't tosay there were dollars in Cuba for men who kept their eyes skinned, and skinned eyes might also see ghosts I For the rest, each senor had paid equally for the right to his opinion." The majoral could aflubrd to be plilosophic and impartial. 1He had lost nothing, and he had acquired a new and exciting tale of the road. 