Echoes. v' ?? — : — ~*r, ?-? -:'' ???*'?'?- Parliament drags its weary length along. Public interest in its proceedings, or even in its existence, does not appear to be particu larly keen; and there is beginning to be realised a sort of contemptuoutt regard for the whole business. But a watchful public is es sentially necessary to prevent too many abuses from -being perpetrated and legalised. Not that any urgent or important measures' are being passed. Loquacity not legislation is, to use a' parliamentary phrase, tbe order, of the day. But this implies a very serious and dangerous state of affairs.1 This; the Herald recognises, and discussed in its leading columns on Saturday last; A year or two ago, when a ohango in the status of members of the Assembly was effected, much was said about the beneficial ohange in the mode of transacting public business which would be wrought by this measure.' The sanguine and the oredulous were invited to look forward to the advent of a new order of things — to the avoidance of the traditional waste of time, and to the workmanlike treatment of tbe affairs of the country. The probability is that never since the introduction of responsible go vernment has thera been such a flagrant waste of time in the Assembly as we have witnessed during the present session. . ... . The teat of efficiency is not to be Bought solely in tbe number of resolutions passed or the number of bills carried through the House. A glance at the reports of the Tuesday's sittings will supply evidence of that. But there is sufficient proof of ineffloienoy when the time of the House is wasted in doing what ought not to be done, or when night after night is allowed to pass without doing what ought to be dene. No workman could claim a character for efficiency as a workman if he habitually neglected his work to whittle sticks or spin yarns, or was always ready to join others in doing so. And perhaps no better illustration than this could be found to show why our Assembly is so'du couragingly inefficient, and why the work of the country is not done by it as it should be, or ip not done at all. The frequency with whioh the regular business ii thrust aside and post postponed by - the intrusion of adjournment motions and their attendant debates, whioh point to nothing, lead nowhere, and simply waste time, is evidence of that kind , of in efficiency which - arises either from a want of knowledge of, or a want of regard for, the fitness of things and the adaptation of means to ends. Members who are addicted to this bad habit show either a lack of acquaintance with the claims of their position or indifference to those claims. .' This state of thing! reminds one of the man desoribed by Bunyan with the muok rake, who ia too much, bent on raking ' the straws, the small sticks, and dust of ; the floor' to observe the ' celestial crown' above him. Our legislators are adepts with the muck rake— readers can interpret that as they pleaao — and fail to see the crown of legisla tion proffered by tbe good angel of oppor tunity. * ? . ? ' O that my enemy would write a book' ! Sir Henry Parkes' enemies ought to be satisfied, for he has written a book,' and there's more to follow. , His detractors, and those who entertain a more lively feeling to wards him, made tbe most out of ? the depreciatory; passages of ; the book that bad been cabled, without any reference to the context. More impartial minds reserved judgment awaiting fuller information. That has, in some satisfactory measure, been secured by a critical review of the book in tbe Daily Telegraph, Sir Honry having handed the advanco shoots to tbnt paper. The book, according to tbe reviewer, has its excellencies and its defects. But the. reviewer says :— We condidly oonfesa that we are surprised, that these qualities dominate the volume. We' were scarcely prepared to discover that Sir Henry had abandoned the weapons of tbe party combatant whon be took up the pen. Men of strong likings and dislikings have before now passed from the parliamentary arena to the' author's desk, and carried with them the bitter ness and the animosity wbich are inseparable from political controversy ; and it would have surprised no one bad the. ex-Premer in his literary treatment of past and present adver saries manifested that acerbity of temper and that strength of prejudice which have often been laid to his charge as a parliamen tarian. On the contrary, however4, Sir Henry, here evinces in many of his judgments on men and events a dehoacy of discernment, and a breadth and loftiness of view, for which it would be difficult to find counterparts in the personal estimates of his opponents whioh are scattered through his spoken utterances. Judging by the review, obviously Sir Henry has given a very acceptable and valuable historical survey of the political development of New South Wales; and his book will be read with pleasure and interest. With re gard to tbe sentence about being ' made of the stuff of martyrs,' which, in its naked and isolated form, occasioned some amusement, Sir Henry even beiug twitted about it by Sir George Dibbs, the reviewer throws light upon it wbich, at once, robs it of its ap parently egotistical hue. Referring to, and describing Sir Henry's work in ' connection with the Empire newspaper, he says :?— We must read with that last extract one from an earlier page, in which occurs a pkraae which, telegraphed, has prompted . some rather irra tional laughter :— - .-'-?,,'.-??? i - '.'.Looking back upon my entrance upon the stage of parliamentary life, I think it must be admitted that I was not idle. I at once entered into the work with an astonishing amount of zeal. Sitting up all night was a recreation to me. I did not know what weariness could mean. I - would leave the Council when it adjourned and go to the Empire, where I would remain until daylight. Day and night I was at work. Very often I was 36 and 48 hours without going to bed, I believe in those days I could have gone into the fire As blithely aa tbe soldcn-rirdlcd beo Sucks in the poppy's ?loeplng flame. for the sake of my convictions. I must have been made of the stuff of martyrs.' 1 It may bo doubted whether any journalist, at least, who has been ground between the upper stono of an exacting enthusiasm for his profession and the nether atone of finauoial troubles, will demur to the essential truth of this selfappre oiation. Tear that reference to the ' stuff of which mnrtyrs are made ' from its context, and its injustice done to the author is greater than the apparent extravagance of the egotism. But even Sir Henry's' enemies must admit bis ability and capacity. This book is an additional evidence of his remarkable intel lectual vitality and versatility. ; . ; '' ?*'' ? ???'??..;???;- v-. The death of Tennyson was the occasion for many an article. ' The Times hnd a very fine leader on his funeral. London Punch also published a beautifol poom on his dentil, ton long for quotation here. The Timr.ii, in its article said:: 'Yesterday the body of Lor.l Tennyson was committed to the grave in' tha i ,«, it'. :- -? i.: ? '- (:, south transept of Westminister Abbey. It is said by other peoples that Englishmen do not', understand the arts of pageantry, and most of us at one time or another have felt that the statement is true. But in the ordering of the solemn rites by which we render our last tribute to the mighty dend, we need not fear comparison. No other nation pays such fitting homage to the majesty of death. The severity and simpli city of our national taste become that dread, presence best. There, at least, we lose that sense of uneasy self-conscioasness which haunts us at most other seasons of pomp and show. Tn the burial of Lord Tennyson all was present that could heighten and intensify to the utmost the austere beauty of the most impressive of English functions. All sorts and conditions of the people that he loved gathered to-do reverence to the poet and teacher to whom they owe so great a debt. Al! that is most illustrious in our land by birth and rank and position, by natural gifts and by acquired . learning, in war and in the arts of peace,' in statesmanahip and diplomacy, in literature and in soience, assembled within the walls of the most venerable of English shrines to honour the last great matter of their time. , '-??'?? ?-—?-? ? ?''' '* - ? I. have already more than exceeded my limit. Yet I must trespass upon your space to refer to the new opera, ' Haddon Hall,' written by Mr. Sydney Grundy, and com posed, by that very fruitful musioian, Sir Arthur Sullivan. The socialistic or rather anarchist tendencies of the age are hit off very admirably in an amusing ohorus : — Down with Prinoea, down with peoples ; Down with ohurohos, down with steeples ; ? , Down, with love, and down with marriage, ? Down with all who keep a carriage ; Down with Court and down with King. And just while we are about it, : ' Down with every blessed thing. This certainly cleverly embodies the revolu tionary rubbish whioh one could hear re cently promulgated at the Qneen's Statue. ' '': ''-;. : '?? .; ?? We are all aotors.' So says Sbakspeare. But there are aotors and aotors. Everybody has heard ol the eminent comedian, Mr. J. L. Toole. - Here is a fairly good story about him : — Mr. J. L. Toole's fondness for practical joking is well known. Not very long ago, the cele brated actor entered a dairy shop in London, and assuming a solemn demeanor addressed himself to the man behind the counter — ' I will take a boy,' said Mr. Toole, gravely, looking round at the shelves. ' A boy, sirP' aaked the dairyman, in a puzzled tone. ' And a girl,' added Mr. Toole. The man gazed open-mouthed at his customer, evidently under the impression a lunatio was addressing him.' 'This is a milk shop,' said the dairyman, in an emphatio tone. ' Come outside,'' answered Mr. Toole, in a sepulchral voice, and taking the man by tbe arm, he led him to the door and pointed up wards to the sign. 'I'll take a boy and a girl,' repeated -the humorist, with not the ghost of a smile. 'Bead what your notice states : ' Families supplied in any quantity.' ' ?? . ?;.'????;,,?-?-? ;?-,? I culled the following from one of the ' funny ' English penay papers I that are qaite a feature of the present . day . The principle of tbe inoident has a very wido application, as readers will see : It was poll ing-day. A white-beaded old man drove up to one of the booths to record his vote. The donkey he drove was profusely trimmed with blue ribbons. No sooner had he stopped than a Gladstonian rushed out of the adjoin ing committee-room and held the donkey's head, another followed * suit and helped the old gentleman to alight. ' Poll straight,' said the latter. ' O yos.' answered the voter, ' I always did.' When he had voted they helped him into the cart and one said, 'You have done the right thing?' 'O yes,' said the old man, ' I have been a Con servative all my life.' ' But the donkey has blue on,' they blurted in dismay. 'Just so,' coolly replied the aged one, as he drove away, smiling very mischievously, ' he's a Gladstonian, bat it's excusable, because he don't know any better. Good day.' 