ITEMS of NEWS. ACCIDENTS. — A painful accident hap- pened to Mr. Nelson Stephenson, of Gormandale, on Friday. He was at Blackwarry for the purpose of starting the engine connected with the creamery, and had his hand on the crank, which, when the engine started to work caught Mr. Stephenson's hand and crushed it severely, also inflicting a lacerated wound. The injuries were attended to by Dr. Montgomery next day, as Mr. Stephen- son was unable to come in to Traralgon before.— On Friday, one of Mrs. Har- land's children fell from a fence on their selection, at Tyers, and injured its arm. The child was brought in to Dr. Mont- gomery, who successfully attended to the injury. CRICKET.— A meeting of those interested in forming a Cricket Club in Traralgon is advertised to be held at the Club Hotel on Friday. LAND SALE.—We would remind our readers that a Government land sale will be held on Thursday next, at the office of Mr. J. D. Laidlaw, Seymour street. The lots have been already advertised, and particulars will be found in our last issue. RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE.—The follow- ing accounts are awaiting payment at the sub- treasury :—T. Alloid, John Aitken, A. Cameron, B. Langford and Co., J. Pollock, D. Russell, J. Wright. Morwell. —J. Buckland, A. B. Bennie (2), J. Cahir (2), Thos. Hanley, D. T. Latter, W. Tulloch. GAZETTE NOTES.--Mining leases de- clared void.-R. Brown and another , E. A. Ball, Bald Hill Creek; R. Lorimer, Foster; H. J. Henty, Back Creek; A. Davey and others, Latrobe River. Ap- plications for leases approved. -Eric Mattson and Francis Charlton, Dumbalk; C. M. Donovan and Paul Buckley, Doom- burrim; Geo. Parr, Leongatha. PAPER CHASE.-A paper chase took place on Friday afternoon. The hares, Messrs. R. Miller and D. McPhil, started from Dunlar and Robert's stables at 4 o'clock, and after passing quietly down Franklin street and up Kaye street, they went off at a hand gallop along the Mel- bourne road, and then the jumping com- menced. The first fence, a low log one, a into Freeman's paddock was taken in good style, and then the hares went across from the Melbourne road to Duck's, gatehouse over about ten rather fair log fences. They then crossed the line at Duck's gatehouse (through the gates), and after a run of an hour finished at the sub- way, as owing to complaints having been made to the Police they could not finish at the usual place, the Grand Junction Hotel. There were about fifteen or twenty "hounds," and the jumping all round was good, especially as the ground was rather wet. FLYNN'S CREEK MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. —It is almost too soon to mention any- thing concerning the festivities to be held on the occasion of the opening of the new Institute at Flynn's Creek, but it will be seen by advertisement in another column that on the 28th October the hall will be formally opened, when a concert will be given. This will be followed by a plain and fancy dress ball, and we learn from the energetic secretary, Mr. J. Buchanan, that the promises of assistance at the con- cert are numerous, and that there is every prospect of it being a great success. We trust it will be so, for pluck and energy have been displayed by the people of Flynn's creek in starting the erection of a new hall. A QUESTION OF TRANSFER.-A case of considerable interest to persons dealing in shares is to be tried in the Supreme Court on Wednesday. The plaintiff is Mr. Browne, and the defendant Mr. Walker, both of this town. Plaintiff is suing for £150 amount of calls which he has had to pay on certain shares. Plain- tiff alleges that he sold defendant certain shares for £11, which were paid for by defendant's cheque to him. A few days after the sale, the company in which these shares were held closed their doors and refused to transfer to Mr. Walker. Consequently Mr. Browne has been called upon to pay calls amounting to £150, for which he is now suing Mr. Walker. Messrs. Sergeant, Pace and Boyd, solicitors, Walhalla and Traralgon, are for the plaintiff; and Mr. B. Harvey, solicitor, Traralgon, for the defendant. REGISTRATION OF FIRMS ACT.-This Act, which has recently been passed, com- pels all firms or persons carrying on business under a firm name to register such firm name, the nature and place of business and full name, residence and other occupation of all persons comprising the firm. The statements must be veri- fied upon oath by one of the partners and filed with the Registrar-General, the fee for which is 5s. Any change in the con- stitution or name of a firm must be notified to the Registrar-General, the penalty for non-compliance with these provisions is a maximum fine of £5 for first offence and £10 for subsequent offence, and any person wilfully making a false statement, is liable to imprisonment for two years. The Registrar-General is directed to index all firms and all firms names, and these can be inspected by any person upon payment of 1s, or a certifi- cate of registration will be handed or of posted to any person upon receipt of pre- scribed fees. The Act comes into opera- tion on 1st January next. Persons who merely contract to perform any specified work for a period not exceeding twelve months and who do not publicly advertise themselves as carrying on any specified of business, are exempt from these pro- visions. ROMANCE IN REAL LIFE.- Here is an extraordinary romance in real life. A few years ago a spinster of seventy- three, living in a delightful Sydney suburb, was seized with the idea that site was about to die. She had neither friend nor relation in the world, but she was extremely wealthy, and none of her hard cash was deposited in a reckless financial institu- tion. Under the circumstances she did not want to die, for there was no one to inherit her fortune. She had in her em- ploy a solitary boy she had secured from the "Vernon,'" and one day she called him aside and proposed to him, notwith- standing it wasn't leap year. She pointed out to him that she wished him to inherit her wealth, and the simplest means of arranging for the succession would be a matrimonial contract. Well, he protes- ted that he was only 18, and she confessed to being 73. She explained that she knew he could not love her, and as she would die very soon there was no reason for his refusal to marry her, and if he persisted in his objection she would bequeath £70,000 to Sydney charities. There was force in this declaration, for he caved in and promised to marry her without emo- tion. The marriage was (says "Rhoda" in "Punch"), duly solemnised a fortnight later, and all their little world wondered. That was four years ago. The husband is now 22 and his bride does not hide the fact that she is 77. Both are seemlingly supremely happy, and the idea of death never now enters the head of this re- markable woman. MR. A. HARRIS, M.L.A. -"Timo- theus" in Saturday's "Argus" writes:- Mr. Trenwith is the most thorough-going of the Government supporters. Mr. H. R. William is the noisiest. Mr. A. Harris is the meekest. But there are limits to the endurance of Mr. Harris. On Thursday he asked Ministers as a personal favour to cheer up. They are so gloomy about the colony and so des- pondent, say such things in conversation, that it makes him ill to go there, and really, speaking at 1 o'clock in the morn- ing, and torn by conflicting emotions about the Stamp Bill, Mr. Haris did look both unhappy and unwell. But who knows, it may be that it is Ministers who are out of sorts. Sydney Smith averred that whenever he met a child of sorrow or humble imitator of Job he prescribed magnesia. And the last English traveller across the Pamir describes the change made in a jealous, suspicious Afghan chief who swallowed a few patent globules. Mr. Harris is reported to deal in such articles, and, if so, he might try the ex- periment of sending gratuitous samples to the Cabinet. It would be a glorious testimonial for Widow Welch's pills (for frightened old women) if, through them the deficit became smaller, the prospects brighter, and the need for numberless taxes less. Something needs to be done when even Mr. Albert Harris has to delicately but deliberately question whether life as a Government supporter is worth living. STATISTICAL RETURNS. - From a table published in the last "Government Gazette," we glean that during the season 1891-2 there has been produced in Traral- gon 7 cwt. of table grapes, and that 1 cwt. 38 lbs. has been converted into raisins and currants. There are five acres of vines not bearing, and three bearing while there are only three growers of tobacco. In the shire of Narracan, there is one grower of hops, who has four acres under cultivation. CLEARING SALE. -Messrs. Laidlaw and Graham advertise a clearing sale on account of Mr. H. Wicks, to be held at Yinnar on 6th October. Mr. Wicks having leased his farm all his stock will be sold without the slightest reserve. Full particulars will be duly advertised. TRARALGON DETACHMENT. - There will be mounted drill on Friday next, the 23rd inst, at 3 p.m, when a good muster is requested. Dress-drill order. NEW INSOLVENTS. -Frank George Hic- kox, of Traralgo, brickmaker. Causes : Pressure of creditors. Seven days al- lowed to file schedule. Messrs. Pace, Serjeant and Boyd, solicitors for insol- vent; Mr. Geo. Cain, official assignee. A meeting of creditors will be held at Sale on Saturday next, at 10 a.m. Thomas Oakes Wilson, of Omeo , baker. Liabilities, £399 13s; assets, £94 17s 1d; deficiency, £304 15s 11d. Mr. T. Doyle, assignee. AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. - The sub- committee appointed by the Traralgon Agricultural Society met at the Show Ground on Saturday, for the purpose of arranging several matters in connection with the forthcoming spring show. They were greatly annoyed to find that much wanton damage had been done to the grand stand, and decided to offer a re- ward of £5 for the conviction of the offencers. A GHOST AT FLEMINGTON. - Flemington, like Elsternwick, has its ghost. Whether it is the "stilted" shade of a defunct jockey returned to this mundane sphere of "dead birds" and "stiff 'uns," or the spectred form of a broken-hearted punter on a watchful errand to the stables, cer- ain it is that residents of the great Aus- tralian racing theatre are more or less alarmed at its nightly antics. The ghost is clothed in the orthodox spectral white. Many young people lately have received a scare when coming through the less populated portion of the district to observe a shrouded forms of elongated height advance towards them. As usual in these cases, the victims of the practical joke (?) are women and children, but although the apparation has been seen by several, it has been careful enough to avoid conflict with a number of irate citizens, who these last few nights have eagerly sought an interview with the troubled spirit, with a view to once more "laying it out." THE MUNICIPAL SUBSIDY. - In respond- ing to the toast of the Ministry at the Hamilton Agricultural Show-dinner on Friday last, Mr. Graham, who represented the Government, must have been ironical when, in alluding to the proposed reduc- tion in the municipal subsidy, he said that it could not be distributed until the Government got the money, that this must be raised by taxation, and the higher the grant the greater the taxation. We should like to know in what direction the Government would move in order to increase the taxation. So far as we can see, it as at present proposed by this country Ministry to tax the country people up to the hilt, there is nothing we use but is to be taxed to the highest possible rate, and therefore we again protest against the slightest reduction in the municipal subsidy. Let us have a little back for the large amount we are to is be called upon to pay into the coffers of the State. Had an all round property tax, one that would reach those wonderful "un-earned increments" in Melbourne, been adopted, there would have been money in plenty, and not the slightest excuse for reducing the municipal sub- sidy. Sir Graham Berry, however, prefers, to bolster up town industries by excessive duties which the country people will have to pay without deriving the slightest benefit therefrom, and we are very moderate indeed in insisting that there must not be one penny reduction in the municipal grant in aid. BUSINESS NOTICE. -It will be seen on reference to our business columns that Mr. H. Widdis, has been appointed agent for Messrs. Mathieson and Davis, auctioneers and cattle salesmen, who announce that all business entrusted to him will be carefully attended to. THE GIPPSLAND PROVINCE. -In view of the probable retirement of Mr. Sargeant, M.L.C., efforts are being made by a number of electors in the Stratford district to induce Mr. William Little, of Inver- broom, to become a candidate for the seat in the Legislative Council for the Gippsland Province, which will thus be- come vacant. Mr. Little has well earned, during over thirty years connection with public affairs in this district, a high repu- tation for integrity and uprightness of purpose, and, as he already represents on the Council of Agricultural Education what is practically the same division of the colony, he evidently commands the confi- dence of a majority of the electors. Mr. Little has been sounded on the subject, and, in the event of a vacancy occuring, will in all probability be a candidate. - "Times." NEW COACHBUILDING ESTABLISHMENT. next Milligan's, Princes-street. All des- criptions of work done at Lowest Rates. Coachbuilding in all its branches. First- class smith always on the premises. -J. MAYZE, Proprietor. -ADVT. Saddlery! Saddlery F.A. Shiells is Cheapest and Best. -[ADVT.] J. Thompson, the economical under- taker, and Cabinet Maker, Franklin-street Traralgon.-ADVT. The Glamorganshire Building Society has suspended payment, the deficiency in its accounts being £20,000. The secre- tary has absconded. The Misses Crang desire to intimatee that they are carrying on the dressmaking business in the top rooms of Mr. F. H. Barden's establishment, corner Franklin and Princes-streets.-(ADVT.) A position at the University, to which a salary of £100 is attached, and for which the applicant must know several European languages, was recently vacant. There were one hundred and thirty-seven appli- cants. A young man named Bradley while engaged shunting on Saturday morning at the station at the bottom of Nichoson- street, North Fitzroy, by some means got jammed between the buffers, and was crushed to death. Sydney Dixon, charged with embezzling £47 5s the money of his employers, Messrs. Braham and Pirani, solicitors, and also with stealing £1713 7s the money of the same firm, has been remanded till Wednesday. The accused is a young man. On Friday night, Customs Officers Ward and Fraser noticing a cab on the wharf near the steamship Changaha, suspected something was wrong, and when two Chinese jumped in they gave chase, and caught the horse by the head. On searching the Chinese and the cab 1350 cigars were found. The driver of the cab has been remanded till Thursday. The Department of Agriculture had in- tended that the first shipment of butter for this season should be made by the R.M.S.S. Parramatta, which is to leave Williamstown next Saturday. As, how- ever, the quantity coming forward is too small for the department to commence freezing operations with at the Newport works it has been decided to defer the shipment to the 1st prox., on which date The R.M.S.S. Austral will sail for London, as it is believed that by that time there will be sufficient butter offered for export to make a reasonable shipment. A tram accident occurred at Bendigo on Saturday morning. As the tram was on its way to Eaglehawk, a married woman, named Knucky endeavored to mount it. Her foot slipped and she fell, and was doubled up under the footboard of the dummy, being dragged some dis- tance. The injuries Mrs. Knucky sus- tained are likely to result in her death. The Intercolonial Parliamentary Rifle Match took place on Thursday, the Victorian representatives firing at the Williamstown rifle ranges, and the result being a win for Queensland by 38 points. The scores were-Queensland, 468; Vic- toria, 430. The Victorians were captained by Mr. Salmon, and fired under the direction and supervision of Captain Irving, as staff-officer in charge of the firing and ranges. The following were the scores:- Mr. Dyer, 83; Mr. Williams, 85; Mr. McLean, 75; Mr. Gordon, 66; Mr. Murray, 63; Mr. Mason, 53. An account is published in the Adelaide papers of a strike by scholars in a private suburban school. A master had been requested to retire from his position, which the boys resented, and went on strike. They smashed the school door, which was padlocked, and the windows, overturned the desks, and generally damaged the school furniture. They then collected their books, and carried them to it cottage occupied by the evicted teacher. Manifestoes proclaiming the school on strike were posted up, and the "blacklegs" who attend under the new order of things are promised punishment. According to the "Victorian Railways Gazette" for the month, railway men are going to have a big say at a conference next month on the question of the differ- ence of their status from that of other public servants. It is alleged that the railway salaries average about £118, whilst those of the Public Service ran into £137 per annum. There is especial soreness because the annual increments of other public servants are not to be touched whilst those of the railway employees are being left in the same state of non-pro- gression that they have stood in for the past three years. It is expected that the conference, which is to be held in Mel- bourne, will be largely attended. A number of veterans turned up at the private view of the Cyclorama of Early Melbourne which is being shown at the Exhibition. Amongst them says "Woomera" in the "Australian," was a a gentlemen who 47 years ago bought the allotment on which the Waxworks now stands in Bourke-street for £82 13s. There is not much credit attached to that, of course. Either you or I could have done it if we had been there and had the money. The peculiarity about this case is that the purchaser has kept the land ever since, and holds it now. What a chance he missed during the land boom. He might have sold at an enormous profit, accepted shares in some flourishing land company in payment, and then have died full of years and liabilities. What oppor- tunities some men have, to be sure. Annie Cramer, a married woman, was tried at the Criminal Sitting of the Sup- reme Court on Friday before Mr. Justice Williams on the charge of procuring a girl to have unlawful connection, and also with attempting to procure a girl to become a common prostitute. Mr. Finlayson prosecuted for the Crown. The at case for the prosecution was that Jessie Whiting, aged 14 years and eight month, and Maud Simeon, aged 15, were taken on the 20th ult., by a woman named Rose Edwards, to a house occupied by the prisoner and her husband in Fitzroy- street, Fitzroy, that they were kept at the house for some days, and that the prisoner committed such acts respecting Whiting as amounted to the offences charged against her. The jury acquitted her of of the first charge, but found her guilty of the second, and she was remanded for sentence. 