NOVEL. LADY PATTY. BY MRS. HUNGERFORD CHAPTER VI. — (Continued.) 'Oh ! how sweet of you !' cries Lady Patty, directing a gaze from her pretty eyes, through heavily-blackened brows and lashes, at Lord Vysely. ' How quite too good ! So thoughtful !' — she gives a capital to the last word,— 'and for a charity, too ! — Helen, dearest, you must go too.' ' I should like it,' says Helen, gently. 'Ah, yes! Helen is all soul,' says Lady Patty. She regularly revels in good deeds. Just like me. To do good to any one, that is the main point, eh, dear Lord Vysely ? Well, and are we to meet you anywhere ? Perhaps, — of course,— I know how it is with young men in the season, and with you especially,' with an arch glance meant for a declaration of her knowledge of how it is between him and Miss Chester, that some how seems to fall flat, — 'you have found an engagement elsewhere.' 'No, I shall be delighted to escort you and and Miss Gifford,' replies Vysely, gravely, — so gravely, indeed, that Lady Patty grows uncomfortable. Good heavens ! will she have to go, after all ? It is for a charity this concert, and, though a fashionable affair enough, lacks a thing or two that would bring it up to her mark. Of course a great many of the nobility will patronize it; but as for the Royalties ? They have given their names; but as for their attending—! It is sohardto move even the minorprincesses, . . and when they give their names they think they have done all that is required of them. It is so cheap, you know, and still so satis- f ictory, — really quite an honor. Lady Patty, who ha3 a delicious engaee- ment for the very evening of the concert, grows thoughtful ; the flow of conversation that her tongue usually supplies Blackens. Supposing she can't go, why can't Helen ? Caroline might chaperon her. And even if the worst comes to the worst, it won't be half so bad to have a marquis dancing attend ance on her. It will drive those Cheaters wild. She grows quite cheerful presently, in spite of that precious engagement. She determines to leave the concert an open Question so far, and now addresses herself to Sir Rufus with a beaming smile. 'Dear Sir Rufns ! To sea you so early !' she says. Quito a pleasure ? Your charm ing gifts we are accustomed to, — aren't we, Helen' ' — '.hoe lovely flowers that Helen values so highly, and always looks forward to, — but your actual presence ' 'It is a treat, isn't it F' says Tom Chol- mondeley, in a perfectly clear voice. 'Yes, yes, indeed. — Oh, must you go, Lord Vysely ? I shall wish I hadn't come down : I seem to be driving you away. A . -thousand thanks for those tickets : anything to help a good work ! — What ! you going too, Sir Rufus ? You won't stay to lunch, then ? So sorry ! Good-by. Remember me, to your dear mother, and tell her if- she would like a ticket for this concert of Lard Vysely's ' ' I should like to go, mamma,' interrupts Helen, softly. Lord Vysely i3 well out of the room by this time, of course. ' "Well, darling, and eo you can ; hut there is my o vn ticket, and; — : — ' 'Thanks, thanks awfully, mv mother never goes out,' says Sir Rufus. He bids a hasty adieu to Lady Patty, squeezes Helen's unresponsive hand, and is soon heard run ning down the stairs. ' Dearest child, I knew his mother never went anywhere. It was just, a little compli ment, yon know,— a delicate attention,' says Lady Patty, genially. ' But if he had accepted it, how would it he then ! How could you have gone ?' 'I'm afraid, darling, I shan't be able to go anyway,' says Lady Patty, looking, con- sidering.all things, very cleverly distressed. ' I couldn't hear to say so to Lord Vysely, he is so good, but I have a little trivial en gagement—quite a miserable matter, when compared with that delightful concert, — hut you know one's word once given should he respected.' ' You gave your word to him,' says Helen, gravely, puzzled, whereon Cholmondeley, turning aside, gives way to silent hut violent mirth that nearly knocks out the panes of glass before him. A mere facon deparler,' says Lady Patty, smiling and patting her cheek. ' However, if you eally want to go to this concert (oh, Tom, I wish I could go ! but duty above all toings !), I dare say I shall be able to manage it.' 'I can take Helen,' says Tom. ' Oh, that is nice of you, Tom !' says Lady Patty, with a rather strange little look, how ever. "What a comfort cousins and nephews are in thus troublesome world ! Well, you will stay to lunch, at all events, I suppose ?' ' I'm afraid I shan't be able,' says Tom, rising. ' I've promised a fellow I know to meet hitn at our club. He's got into a mess of one sort or another, and I can't possibly „ desert him.' ' Oh, I'm so sorry !' says Lady Patty, with snch cheerfulness that Tom laughs again as he says good-by to Helen. 'You'll remember I am to take yon to that concert ?' syshe. ' I'll remember,' says Lady Pat'y, in her bright, pleasant way. 'Ah! then we shall he sure to get there,' Biys Tom, with such successful ironv that neither Helen, nor her mo her sees it. 'Yon are a blessing. Tom,' says his annt, patting his arm. 'Do stay to luncheon. Yon- mother is coming : I expect her every moment.' ' And my friend ia expecting me. Quite a coincidence,' says Tom, lifting her hand, and dropping it with a delightful smile. And yet see what a difference in both situations ! My mother is naturally the happiest of mortals, haviug gained you as sister ; my friend is miserable, having lost all he has in the world.' 'Ob, go to him !' cries Helen, quickly. CHAPTER VII. I would not be ambitious in my wish. You bare too much respect npon the world : They lose it that do buy it with much care. It is a little late for luncheon by the time Mrs. Gnolmondeley arrives, yet neither Lady Patty mr Helen seems aware of the fact. Lady Patty, indeed, had been employing the time since Tom's departure in leading up to a conversation with her daughter that had puzzled Helen completely and her mother in part.- One outcome of it was plain to them. \- Helen had declared her intention of not going to that ball in Kensington to-night. If mamma wished it very mnch, she would go ; but otherwise she would bo glad to stay at home Pressed for a reason as to why she .., didn't want to go, she said she was tired. A perfectly absurd reason, that always meant somethingprodigious, decided Lady Patty. 'She won'.t go to that ball to-night, and I've specially promised Sir Rufus she shall meet him there,' says Lady Patty, almost in tears, five minutes after her greeting with Mrs. Cholmondeley, and when all the pre liminaries about one's relatives and the weather have been gone through. ' Was there ever so tiresome a child ?' 'But surely you have authority,' Bays Mrs. Cholmondeley. ' Of course ! Bat, then, to make her un- happy, — I couldn't do that,' said Lady Patty, who is a curious combination. Worldly all through, she has stilt a rather kind if frivolons heart in her manufactured bosom. To tyrannize over any living thing, to torture it bodily, would cause herself tor ture. And yet to turn importunity into a fine art and aotnally compel a person to her will, through the sheer dropping of words, as the perpetual dropping of water will wear away a rook, is not beyond her. ' Ah, Caroline, says she. ' if I only had a hoy instead of a girl ! Not that Helen isn't perfect ; hut then a perfect boy would have been so muoh better.' . ' Always supposing that such an animal ever existed,' says Mrs. Cholmondeley, dryly. There muBt be a good boy, somewhere,' says Lady Patty, plaintively. ' And, at all events, even a bad boy would have been better than snch a terribly good girl aB Helen.' ' Would he P Mrs. Cholmondeley seems to grow drier every moment. ' My exper ience of hoys is different from yours. And I have had one, and yon haven't. Tom isn't a had boy by any means, — indeed, he is a distinctly good one, as boys go, — but he is a trial, I can assure you, — always running af er lesser stars, and caring for nobody in tho least possible, when he knows he .is bound to marry for money. Poor as his father left him' (with a little bitterness this), ' he is still the head of the family, and should remember it.' ' Helen wants to go to this horrid concert,' says Lady Patty, presently, alluding to the entertainment for which Lord Vysely had brought the tickets: . ' Well, I hear it won't be half bad of its kind. Why not take her ?' ' Because I want to go to the Golightlys'. They have a little impromptu supper for that evening, and they want— She pauses, and laughs with a faint embarrassment. 'A little wholesome correction?' queries Mrs. Cholmondeley, mildly. ' Oh now, Caroline, that ia severe ! And severity doesn't suit you. Yes ; well, they are— certainly they are — a little outrageous now and then ; but such fun ! Of course if it wasn't for their small affair I'd sacrifice myself and consent to be bored to death for throe hours to please darling Helen ; but, as itis,' — with a sudden wild hope — ' I wouldn't like to go, would yon ?' ' No !' says Mrs. Cholmondeley, with de cision. 'But there is Tom. He is very good-natured : he might be able to take her. And cousins, you know : nobody could say anythiug.' ' No— 0,' says Lady Patty, thoughtfully, doubtfully. ' What are you thinking of now ?' asks her sister-in-law, impatiently. ' Of Tom,' calmly, but promptly. ' Well ? What of him ?' .'It seems curious that just at the last moment Helen should have decided on not going to this hall to-night ; I couldn't account for it, — I can't now, quite ; but it seems that Tom isn't going either.' ' Nonsense ! you are creating impossible bugbears for your own undoing. Tom is quite safe, — quite. He couldn't afford a re gular love- affair, unless there was money in it. Do yon think ,1 would encourage his friendship with Helen if I thought there was danger for him in it P ' And how about her ? I oould fancy a girl liking Tom, he is so queer. What if she were to fall is. love with him ?' ' Nonsense again to that ! Tom would sot encourage her. He may be a flirt, hut .-e is an honorable man, and distinctly gentle manly. He would not make love to Helen, — at all events, if I Baid one word.' ' I wish von would say the word,' says Lady Patty, who is practical enough au fond. I don't fancy there is any neoessity.' ' I don't know about that, Caroline. You seem to think Tom might be persuaded to take her to this idiotic — I mean quixotic, but ( ith noble impartiality) ' it is all the same — this concert, at all events, for those trouble some Etst Ead people (who are alive good ness know why, for nobody wants them), hut what will you say if I tell yon that Tom actually proposed taking her there ? A young man like Tom is not as safe as yon think him, if he is willing to devote himself to a charitable concert in a hack slum in the height of the season. You see I am cautious. I don't even bint at the faot that his devotion may belong to Helen.' Helen is very pretty,' says Tom's mother, ' hut Tom has seen a good many pretty girls. I wonder, now, who is singing at that con- coDoart ?' Evidently Tom's mother's mind is running on those lesser Btars of whom she spoke so feelingly. Very distinguished people, i believe. Lord Vysely is an enthusiast. You know him, don't you ? He comes from your part of the world.' ' He has a place in our county. Yes, I've met him.' 'Well, he has organized this concert. Now, Helen wants to go to it, and Tom seems anxious to escort her ; yet Tom doesn't look to me like a person who would go in for aiding charitable institutions, at least with his presence.' ' But Helen isn't a charitable institution,' says Mrs. Cholmondeley, smiling : in spite of everything she feels amused. It may be that it is from her and not from his father that Tom inherits the sense of humor that belongs to him. 'N6, no,' says Lady Patty; 'hut—and yet he befriends her. and ' Lady Patty grows confused. ' Oh, I know how you can twist and turn things, Caroline, but still the germ of tho matter remains. Why is Tom going to immolate hiniBelf npon the alter of ' ' Ot what P ' I'm quite afraid ta say it.' This very dolefu'ly. ' I only hope the immolation isn't true,' says Lady Patty, having recourse to th» irevitable lace pocket- hand kerchief. ' Don't be a fool 1' says Mrs. Cholmon deley, sharply. 'There is nothing serious between Tom and Helen. If he should suggest taking her about, what is there in that ? The girl leads a rather secluded life even up here in town. You have your amusements ; she, — well, I suppose she has some of her own, and it her leaning just at present is towards the redemption of the lower classes, give her a loose rein, and yon will sec how quickly she will come to grief over a fence or two. However,' with a stirug, ' if you object to Tom, there are other people, no doubt, who will be glad to take her to ihis concert.' 'Lots of women,' Eays Lndy Patty, con temptuously, 'people who want to get in with me, hut ' ' My dear Patty ! you know the Greys, the Stanleys, the Royals, would all he de lighted to chaperon her.' 'Yes, I dare say.' She hesitates per ceptibly, and then, glancing at her sieter- in law somewhat nervously, ' Sir Rufus would take her,' says she. ' Ib Sir Rufus a relation, — a cousin, — a connection, even ?' asks Mrs. Cholmondeley, s -dately. ' No ? Then how could he escort her auy where without your presence ? Dear Patty, be sensible ! You are anxious for this marriage between Helen and Sir Rufns, and so indeed am I, hut to so precipitate matters would bo to make an egregious mis take ; and, besides, yon tell me Helen jb not altogether favorably disposed towards Sir Rufus. ' A mere girl's fancy." 'Yes. Well, you have nobody on the tapis with Sir Rufus i ' No one at all Bpeoial. If Lord Vvseiy had not been swallowed up hv that Chester girl, I should think that Helen, with her philanthropic tendencies, might have en slaved him ; but Helen arrived too late. Sir Rufu6 is the beat parti on our card at present.' ' I don't like him,' says Mrs. Cholmondo- ley, in a slow, meditative sort of way. ' Of course that goes for nothing, — my opinion, I mean ; I haven't got to live with him, and my nature may he antagonistic to his, whereas Helen's may he sympathetic. But, honestly, Patty, I can't bear him !' She starts suddenly as her eye catches the door-, way. Some one is standing there ! Time reveals the fact that it is her niece. ' Whom can t you bear, anntie T cries she, laughing. ' Sir Rufns, eh ? Well, he isn't nice, ia he ?' ' Baronets are always nice,' says Mrs. ' Cholmondelev, — ' especially the rich ones.' ' And Sir Rufus is so good-hearted,' puts in Lady Patty, with a pious sigh. ' He is also very ugly,' says the gill, smil ing. ' One shouldn't forget that, aooording to some, that is a great vice.' ' Aooording to others, to he caustic is not necessarily to he virtuous,' says her annt, with a livtle bend of her head. There is something, however, in her eyes that breakB her reproof in two and makes Helen laugh. ' Still, he is ugly,' says she. 'Oh, no,' says Lady Patty, — 'not ugly, surely. There is a good deal of meaning in bis face, don't yon think ?' (' A good deal of meanness,' thinks Mrs. Cholmondeley.) ' Well, at all events, he isn't handsome,' says Helen, still smiling. ' Baronets are always handsome,' says Mrs. Cholmondeley again, langhing in spite of herself. ' You may not think so now, but time will teaoh it to yon.' Helen laughs too, but shakes her head. ' Oh, Helen, my dearest ! how unchari table ! Poor, dear Sir Rufus ! And so de voted as he is, too ! When fret you came out, even, he was a good friend to you, — saw to your having the best partners, and so on. So useful !' « I suppose she oan dispense with his ser vices in that line now,' says Mrs. Cholmon deley. ' Entirely. She has generally more than she knows what to do with. Exactly like me when I first came out,' says Lady Patty, simpering. ' Helen, I assure you, has been quite a success.' ' She would be, of course,' says her aunt, examining the girl oritioally. 'She is very pretty.' ' Am I pretty P cries Helen, pleased a little. She rises and runs over to a long mirror that is let into one of the walls. Mrs. Cholmondeley's eyes follow her. Is she real, — an honest ingenue, that one may be lieve in, — or a very cleverly manufactured replica ? ' Yes, she is admired,' says Lady Patty; as if just a little surprised. She is very unlike Lady Patiy in appearance. ' Prim — my maid, you know ; quite a superior person ; very good style — says it gives her positive pleasure to dress Helen.' : ' Ah ! that is fame indeed !' says Mrs. Cholmondeley. . CHAPTER. YIII. : This life— one was thinking to-day. In the midst of a medley of fancies — Is a game, and the board where we play. Green Earth, with her poppies and pansies. A. Lavs. 'You can go, Prim. 'I shall attend to mamma.' It is late next morning, — quite a quarter to twelve, — and Helen, who is hovering daintily over a rather dilapidated Lady Patty, dismisses the ' perfect treasure ' with a smiling nod. 'Now tell me all the news,' says she, pushing her mother into a comfortable chair, and preparing to brush out Lady Patty's, still fair and luxuriant locks. ' Oh, it wasn't much,' says Lady Patty, yawning; 'yet it might have been worse, too. A lot of people one knew, as well as a bigger lot one never heard of in their lives, and isn't likely to again. That's the worst , of these artistic affairs.' ' The best I should think. Variety is always oharming. Did they admire your new frock ?' ' Yes, immensely. Really, Helen, it was the biggest thing in the room. Everybody asked me who made it. It ought to bo a re gular advertisement for Madame Delagne ! I think I will drive round there this after noon on my way to the Gorings' and tell .her j about it. She onght to let me off half the price on account of it. But she's the me meat creature !' 'After all, if she let everybody off. she wouldn't he a millionaire,' says Helen. ' Would you like to sit with your face to the glass whilst I am doing your hair ?' Yea, I think I should,' says Lady Patty, modestly. ' Who was there ? Oh, the whole world. Tom, among others.' 'Tom !' Helen lefs her mother's hair fall loosely round her Bhonlders and starts at her mother's eyes in the glass. ' Why, he said he wasn't going !' ' H'm 1' says Lady Patty to herself. ' She doesn't like that. I: was right. She would have gone had he been going ! This must "be checked at once. Carolina, with all her vaunted common sense, isn't half as olever as I am. I shall drive round and tell her. If Helen had known Torn was to ha there she would have accompanied me. Just as well she didn't. It's, an ill wind blows no body good. With that child in the room I should scarcely have been scoh a success aB I was, and certainly I could not. have risked dancing so often with ' ' Tom !' says Helen again, as if amazed. She has resumed tbe soft and measured usage of the brush. ' He told mo he was going down to Norfolk by the late train.' 'Unless I saw Mb ghost, it was Tom,' says Lady Patty, laughing. ' And looking uncommonly well, too,— for him !' 'What a disparagement !' says Helen. ' Why, I think om quite good-looking !' ' I've no doubt you do,' says Lady Patty to herself again. 'He seemed- in radiant spirits,' says she out loud. ' I never saw him so animated. I dare say he couldn't drag.Mmself away at the last moment. I expect Ms present in fatuation was there last night.' 'Is he in love too ?' asks Helen, hastily. The ' too,' however, escaped her mother. 'He is always in love more or lets,' says she, judiciously. ' He is a perfeot butterfly, ' constant to one love never!' as somebody says. However,' — gayly, — 'Tom's nobody. A mere detrimental. If he can't manage to marry an heiress, he can't possibly marry at all. Let me tell you about the other people.' 'Yes, do. You like your hair Mgh for your bonnet, don't you — W ell, MisR Acton looked lovely aB usual, I suppose. What did she wear ?' ' Rose ; of all things ! A rose-colored skirt, covered with crepe of the same shade. Hideons, I thought ; too pronounced, and very unbecoming to one so pale. After all, Helen, I don't think she is so entirely up to the mark as they try to make one believe.' 'Still, she is oharming,' says Helen. ' When I see her, I like to Bit quite quiet and look at her.' ' It is all that is left one to do. Certainly yon couldn't listen to her, because she never opens her lips.' She seems dull, certainly,' says Helen, reluctantly. ' I am afraid most of the really lovely women are deficient in cleverness.' ' Oh; I don't know that,' says Lady Patty, with an appreciative glance at herself in the glass. ' But Ethel Acton is a perfect fool. She came with the Chesters. By the bye, Helen,' starting round, now that her hair is finished, ' talking of the Chesters reminds ' me of Lord Vysely : he was there too ; and — good gracious ! how very near I was to forgetting all about it !' Helen has laid down the brush, hut now fidgets about a little- at ' the dressing-table, before turning round. Her mother continu ing silent, however, she days at lost,— (to be gontotubd.) 