MY ONLY LOVER. J JAM in old maid ; worse than tlmt I am decidedly plain. I tell you this frankly, at the beginning, ro that if you aro expecting a succession of adventures all about the loves aud sorrows of one of the fairest flowers on earth, you can makeup your mind to be-disappointcd; Well, as I have said, I am exceedingly ordinary, not downright ugly — would that I were f for then there would bo something remarkable about me— but just 0110 of those commonplace flosh-aml-blood mortals who fill up the niches. This llcshly tabernacle seems in my case to he rather a wall of separation than a connecting link betweon 'myself and humanity. I have always lived in a very retired manner, and have been accustomed, for want of society, to solace myself with books and castle-building. When I was just verging on young lady hood, I confess to havo read such a quantity of novels tis to passionately desire beauty and a heroic lover. But the eomoliiless which I fondly dreamed 'sweet sixteen' would bring came not. I did not grow fairor ; my liaii- did not gradually become soft and wavy ; my eyes were no more of an azure than ever, only there was moro of mo. Therefore, instead of tho moonlight walks, the balls, tho attentive admirers of my maidenly dreams, I, plain Kitty Bell, remained quietly at l\ome, all tlie long even ings, just becauso nobody ever asked me to do otherwise. And so, becoming painfully conscious of tho fact tlmt I was neither pretty enough for a ' witching little fairy,' nar yet ugly enough for u 'genius,' I ^usb gave up all the romantic notions I had ever 'indulged, and resolved, without one agonis ing death struggle, calmly, firmly resolved .to submit to a life of slnjjle-blessedness. | Thus situated, I betook myself mole than ? ever to reading. My uncle's scanty library .was soon exhausted, so I made depredations ;on neighbouring ones, devouring eTerything which came 111 my way, from Jiftk the Giant-Killer to Walter Scott and from the [Catechism to Voltaire. 1 had just hecomo ?nicely settled in this groove with a feeling !of great contentment aa to my lot, and ha2 jgiven up all idea of ever having a lover and 'biting like othor girls, whon thero came — but X iim anticipating. Ono day, when I was sitting with my aunt in the back parlour, Lemming some pillow cases, and not dreaming that any thing remarkable was going to happon, an invitation came for ine to attend a german at Mrs. Browne's. Now Mrs. Browne was a very fashionable lady who, though usually conforming to tho round of society conven tionalities, lot fly occasionally some strange sparks of olectricity. It so happened that she had an extensive library, to which she Sad allowed me free access. Perceiving my fondness for books, and perhaps something of my habitual reserve, sho conceived tho idea that I., Kitty Boll, whs literary. And so she, being quito a naturalist in her way, and of courso wanting to collect all sorts of curious animals for her menagerie -of Wed nesday ovening, invited me. Now I had never attended a gerinan, excepting in imagination witfi the lovely heroines of newspaper stories, and was astonished lit the idea that such a thing was possible. 'Tis truo I had attended a few parties, lind watched from the corner ;tho progress of coquetry between tho gay Lotharios and their fair ones ; but tlils waB quite another thing. However, I really wanted to go ; and since Mrs. Browne had shown me so much kindness, and oven sent her cousin to say ho ' would be happy to attend mo,' I dooided to do so. Of courso I ;hnd to examine my plain wardrobe, and plan considerably, wfth my good aunt's help, to mako a decent apponranoe ; ond I scarcely know myself whon I was enveloped in all tho pretty things suitable for tho occasion. ? When I finally found myself in tho spac iou'a parlours of Mrs. Browne, and heard the hum of joyous voices, the lively chat, and remembered that I was roally old Kitty Bell, with no pretty ways and admiring friends like other girls, I admit feeling a pang, all my philosophy to tho contrary, notwithstanding. ' But I soon became edified and amused in watching the course of divers little flirtations. Yonder was u tall, dark- eyed, fine-looking young man, who, I soon perceived, was quite a lion nmong tho fair ones. He 'was dec'id 'dly the centre-piece of the picture— the reigning beau of tho season. As for .the belles, there were two or three struggling for ascendency, and whether ono or tho other triumphed wus ascertained by the- attentions of the suporb Mr. Sunderland. I amused myself in watching the course of things till my eyes fuirly ached, when I betook myself to soino volumes which graced ?i aide table to catch breath in my natural element. I turned over a few lfcaves, read' half a dozen verses of Moore's; and raised my head to encounter Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly upon uie 1 Thank fortune, I always lmd strong norves, so I did not faint, but kept on the evon tenor of my. way, I beheld the gentleman seek out Mrs. Browne. That lady in turn glaaoed at mo, and in unothor moinont tlio two hacl advanced towards tho corner where I sit' and Mr. Sunderland was introduced to Miss Boll. Had the earth opened and sniillowed us up, I could not have been more astounded. However, I had little timo for conjecture, as the gentleman seemed desirous of entering into immediate conversation. 'A fine evening for a gathering. Mrs. llrowno was u vory interesting lady, a-siiperb woman 1 I was an old acquaintance of here, was I not? Was I fond of the german 'I was not in tlio habit of attending germane,' I told him. 'Ah 1. ho suspected I was fond of intel lectual pursuits. Hp honoured my choice. Flo did not himself find satisfaction in these light, frivolous amusements. He wa« most, happy to find sympathy in tho higher jj'rade of enjoyment.' For the tiftt time in my life I felt the inconvenienco of not having bean initiated ' into the mysteries of smull talk. But, since regrets wore of no avail, I wus obliffod to fall buck upon plain common sense, 'and i-eply in a straight- forward manner to the Best of my abilities. 'Tis true I was not a little sur prised at tho literary - turn this brilliant lady-killer had suddenly taken ; but, after all, many queer- things happen in this world. Strangely enough, Ml-. Sunderland per sisted in remaining by my side during the rest of Che evening, as much to the astonish nent of the fuir rivals as fny own, and not a little to their cbifgrin. There was some tittering, too, I observed, and suppressed whisperings of 'Who is itio':' ' What a sober looking body!' It was quite evident the proud beautios were exceedingly vexed. Perhaps this wus just what ho intended ; if so, I'd help him to carry out tho jest ; and laughed and chatted with great animation. Whatovor might havtj been the cause of tho phenomenon, it was evident, as the entertainment drew to n close, 'tlmt Mr. Sunderland meant to continue bis extra ordinary course, for ho begged to bo allowed to see mo oft'dn at my home. And so, when I had at,last established myself in snug quarters for the night-, it was only to puzzle my brain with vague conjectures ae to whether the conduct of my apparent admirer was due to somo sudden pique of his own, to a disgust of tho vanities of £he world, or to my own (possible) charm's. After that memorable evening matters progressed at un astonishing rate. I attended operas, concerts, readings, lectures, and what not, With Mr. Sunderland in con stant attendance. A new world was opened boforo me. I saw with my own oyes, heard with my own ears, what'beforeT X had only read and imagined. I listened to noble ] truths, soul-sl- irringseiitilnents from the lips oi real human beings like myself. I sat in j the brilliantly-lighted lodturo room amid-a pleasant hum of happy voices, and watched I little groups of friends laughing and olmtting | together, with * fclr.inge feeling of mingled pleasure and pain.1 Amid all this, lmd my escort been a noble, whole-Soulcd man, I don't know what accident might have befallen the organ that beats behind my blue merino bodice. But fortunately/ he wan just a cipher, fiol kept my equilibrium. Tho devotion of my admirer and the mystery of tho wholo affair continued to increase. The now dcci'dedly literary and profound Mr. Sunderland nearly every evening honoured our little back parlour with his prcucnoe. Ho admired my simple mode of Kfc. My (plain merino dress was moro beautiful than all tho gaudy trappings of tho gay butterflies of fashion. And, at length tho affair reached its culminating point, nnd tho .glorious Mr. Sunderland, in tho most appr-ivcd manner, knelt at iny feet and told m( tlmt his happiness or misery depended upon u word from my lips. X insisted on 'lis taking a more rational view of the matter, and finally sent him away in a most mehincholy frame of mind. This, however, was not tlio end. Tho fortress of my heart was imniediutiily besieged with numerous passionato letters. All my philosophy was put to rant. Tho man i- joined to bo in earnest— really, desperately in earnest. Here was a very sliifllow speci men of humanity — aud I could not fathom him. But at last a change camo o'er the spirit of tho dream. The missives ceased. Mr. Sunderland came not— sent no message. I mot him on the street and he knew mo not. Would thero over bo an end of -mysteries ? The transition was quite like a calm suc ceeding a storm ; but the spoils of tho chase wore mino, and' I quietly settled down again as of old. „ „ Still I wondered, and might liave wondered to tho present day had not a circumstance occurred by which the whole mystery was unravelled. One day Frank BrowRe called to settle some business transactions with my uncle. It so happened that tho old gentloman was out, and consequently Frank condescended to a muse himself wit'h me. Ho inquired how I enjoyed tho German, and finally, with a mischiovous look, how I liked Mr. Sunder land. I suspected something from his manner, and begged him to solve the strange i-iddlo, whereupon lro burst into a fit of laughter which he seemed to enjoy exceed ingly. When he bad recovered sufficiently to bo able to speak, ho said : — ' Miss Boll, I could describe a little scene of tho ovening which you might interpret for yourself. ' Of course I insisted upon hearing it. ' Woll, then, Mr. Sunderland and . Ed. Ryder were standing a moment together ; you woro looking ovef- a book, and another young lady, at tho opposite side of the table, was toying with her fan. Ed. whispered, looking at tho latter fair one, ' Sunderland, she would bo a fine bird to catch — that girl over there at the table— an only child, and her father is worth two million dollars, they say.' They separated, and I saw Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed admiringly on — younelf. Is that satisfactory »' It ought to have boen ; and, of course, I laughed heartily, and declared it to he the ricliestjoke of tho season. Still; I felt just a little nettled. Howoveiy J counted up the cost, and found I had gained much experi ence, besido the fun. So I have relapsed again into an old maid, feeling doubly con tent with my lot now that 'I havo had a over. DISENCHANTED. /SNF all things, a night journoy is tlie most Vy , tedious,' said Clarence Hatfield ae he lot himself fall heavily into the stiff- and uncomfortable seat of the railway carriage. 'I say, Clifton, do you think we might smoke 2' ' Well, I rather imagine not,' said I. 'There appear to be ladies on board.' Hrttfield shrugged his shoulders.. _ ' Sucli ladies.'1 ' Well,' laughed I, ' they don't appear to be particularly stylish in manner or coBtume, but nevertheless, my dear follow, the divin ity- of thoir sex hedges them around like a wall.' ^ 'Divinity of thoir humbug !' shortly interrupted Hatfield. ' As if these ill-dressed dowdies, with babies and handboxes, could possibly bolong to the same world ?'with Beatrice Hale.' To this I mode no answer. It did not seem to me exactly appropriate to lug the sacred' namo of Beatriae Hale into a dis cussion in a place liko this. Yet what so'uld I do, except to -feel my clieoka flush nnd the roots of my liffir tingle? For I was unmis takably in love with Beo Hale, and so was Clarence Hatfield. Which of us did she like best ? Ab, that was the question. It was something Kite the children's old game of see-saw,' ' Up I go, down you come.' Somefcimeslfanciedlhad a ghost of a chance— sometimes I was con vinced that Hatfield was altogether tho pre* ferred, and that I had better einigrote to Australia at ence. Clarence Hatfield and I, bo it understood, woro employees tn tho extensive business of Messrs. Jenkins, Jumporton, and Co., auctionoers, and had been down to the count/ry 'putting lip ' a sale of lots, cut'into streets and squares, according to tho most approved metropolitan methods of doing such things. - Itnad Boen a dismal business. November is not an inspiring month at tRo best, and a threo daya' fog bad conspired against tlio Buc'eess of ' Mount MiJrra J'ark,' as Jenkins, Jumporton, and'Co, ,had christened tlio n&w; speculation, l'et we had dtlne reasonably well. As the train gave' its starting lunge the door flew open, and in came a tall told lady wi'fli a prodigious black bonnet mid a'fur cloak, surrounded' by a perfect clicvauxde friso of squirrel cages, leather bags, brown paper parcels, and sandwich boxes.' Slie was followed closely by a younger lady, 'dressed in black and closely veiled, and paused hesitatingly in front of onr seat. ' Young man,' said she, in a low voice, as gruff as that of a man, 'is this softt engaged !' ' Yes,' said Hatfield ; 'it is.' *' For your feet ?' 'No matter what for,' superciliously replied the head olork' of Jenkins, jHinper torf, and Co. ' l'leuse to pass on, old lady. You'll find seats onough beyond.' But tlfis was a stretching of the truth. There were no seats beyond, as tho old lady could easily perceive, unless sho choso to sit directly opposite a red-hot coal fire or upon oife of those coruer arrangements oloBe to the door, which was equivalent to no seat' at all The old lady hesitated and changed her heavy carpet bag from one wearied arm to tho other. I thought of my own good Aunt Polly at home, anil rose at once, , 'Pray take this scat, ma'am,' said I. 'And lot me put your parcel up in the rack for you.' ; - ,' Clifton, what a fbol you are 1' exclaimed Hatfield, in an imperative sotto voice. ' Why couliiti'tryou havo sat still and minded your own business ?' . 'It is my own business,' I answered brusquely, ' to seo that evory lady is mnde 'as coDafortabluas it iB in the nature of things to be. Now tho squirrel cajjo, ma'am — It'll go very comfortably under the seat. I think.' Hatfield uttered a contemptuous grunt, but ho never otl'ored to trust his feot off tlie opposite cuskib'ns, although tho young wouiun stood in ifio aisle, uncomfortably swaying backward and forward with tho motion of the trtiin, until a woman beyoiwl, observing tlie state Of altkirs, drew a sleep ing child into hs»r luptmtl beckoned the other to take tho plncp tITus vacated. By this t imo my old lady had established herself to her entii'c -atisf:»ction, and opened her sandwich box. i'' I ' ,M nc'i ooligcJ fo you, young man,' »aW she. ' lt'.i easy to seo that you'vo n mothor of your own at home, and that you aro in the habit of doing reverence to her groy hairs. As for this person,' with a nod of her poke bonnet in the direction of Mr. Hatfield, ' if lio's got a mothor, I can't say much for her bringing of him up. Perhaps ho may be — old himself one day, and stand in need of a littlo politeness and consideration from the young.' ' When I'm anxious for your good opinion, ina'am, I'll lot you know,' roturnod Mr. Hatfield. ' Hatfield,' said I, in a low tone, 'you might behnve liko a gentleman.' ' So I will,' he rotortcd, with a shrug, ' .. ..en I find myself in compAny that colli for such measures.' I said no moro, but leaning up again8t the sido of tho door, prepared to mako myself as comfortable as possibliP until the train should stop at Stamford, its first way station, and sorno descending passenger might make room forme. ? \- Reador, did you ever stand in an oxpross train in full motion ? Did you over feel your self swayed backward and forward, bumping ono of your phrenological developments against ono sido of the car, and bringing the base of your spinal column against the top of a seat at the opposito swerve of tlie train t Did you over grasp blindly at nothing for support? Did you ever oxecuto an involun tary pas seul, by way of keeping your BE * ?baliMice, and then grind your teeth to see tho Kg two pretty young ladies beyond, laughing at H? your antics? If so, yon will know how to ® pity mo during the hour and a half between ® B. and Stamford. Hatfield wqnt to sleep and snored ; the old lady in tlio gigantic bonnet ate sandwiphes and drank from a wicker flask of excellent smelling sliorry ; tho young lady sat as noise less as a black veiled statue ; fretful babies whim]rered ; old gentlemen uttered strange Sounds in their sleep ; and the shriek of tne train ns it flow through sleeping villages sounded like the yell of a fiery-throated demon. ' Stamford !' bawled the conductor. At last I succeeded in dropping my weary and sti ffened limbs into o seat, where slumber overtook me in just a minute and a quarter, for I Jiad been asloe-p on iny legs once or twice oven in my former disadvantageous attitude, and I could scarcely believe the evidence of my own senses when wo finally thundered into the echoing vastness of the Gwind Central depot in Now York. Hatfield, alive to the necessity of catching a car beforo all the world of travellers shoula crowd into it, stumbled ovor the old lady's ankles With small coremony. ' Oh, take care ! You have knocked the squirrel cage over !' cried she. ' Confound tho squirrel cage I' shouted Hatfield, gnashing his teeth as the ancient dame placed herself directly in the aisle to set the furry pet up again, thereby com pletely blocking up 'hiB egress. ' Serves you right, Hatfield,' said I, as I stooped toassist. J ust then the young companion of our lady advanced, flinging back her veil. ' Grandma,' said she, ' the carriage is waiting. I'll send Thomas for the parcels. Mr. Clifton, I am .very much obliged to you for your politeness to my grandmother, who is unused to travelling. As to Mi-. Hatfield, tho less said about his courtesy the better.' And Beatrice Halo's black eyes flashed dis dainfully on Clarence's cowed visage. ' Miss Hale,' he stammered. '' if I'd the least idea who you wero ' — ' ! ' You would havo regulated your conduct accordingly,' impatiently interrupted Miss Hale. Thank? — I prefer to see people in thoir true light. Mr. Cliftbn,' turning graciously to me, ' you call and see how grandma stands her journey -to-morrow, won't you ? Oh, thank you 1 The carriage is close by.' ' j „ And to this day I believe that is the way I won my wife, for Clarence Hatfield was a briltisnt, showy sort of a fellow, whofarout ahone mo in general society, and I think Bos was inclined l-atho'r to fancy him until that night. But she was disenchanted now for . good and all. And Grandma Hale comes to see us every Christmus with a hamper of pood things-from* Hule Farm. THE SINGLE MAN. He meets the smile of young and old, he wins the praise of all, He is feasted at the banquet and dietln- - guishtjd at tho ball ; When town grows dull and sultry, he may fly to green rotreata — A welcome visitor in turn at twonty country seats ; . . He need not seek society, for, do whate'er ho can, . Invitations and attentions will pursue , the Singlo Man. Fathers and brothers anxiously attempt hii ? tasto.to suit ; In every tiout-brook he may fish, and every where may shoot ; Political opponents to his principles con cede, He quaffs Uie finest Burgundy, he rides the fleetest steed ; And hover yet wero fnmHies, since first the wosl'd began, United, bless'd, and fond aa those who court tbo Singlo Man. The price of bread, the price of funds on him no ills inflict ; He fears no winter avalanohe of tradesmen's lengthy bills; 'Academies' and 'colleges' he passes calmly by ; Nor casts on fancy dry-goods stores a sad and timid oye ; The rates of lifo insurance he never cares to scan-, ' Trustees' and ' jointures' boast no power to rack tlie Single Man. But yoars stoal on,,and he begins with care nil folks to class, And sliuns the picnic scramble, and the ' dinne'r on tho grass; And d'relvds tire cola spare chamber, and the crowded hall of mirth, ?And lovos the spreading easy-chair, and blading qniet hearth And votes warm rooms and early hours the . best and wisest plan ; 'But home affords few comforts to the ailing Single -Man. He lacks a time and kindred heart his joy and grief to sliare, : He lacks the winning tenderness of woman's gentle care ; No children gather round him, a beloved and loving train, ? Eager to win their father's smile, to soothe thoir fathor's pain — He riJtos his poor dependents as a mercenary clan ; Attachments come-not roady-mado to cheer ' tho Singlo Man. He stirs the fire, undraws the blind, and counts the clock's dull chime ; And friends they sometimes sit with him five minutes at a time ; ''Longer they really cannot stay, so nervous he is grown, ft seems a charity to go, and leave him \- all alone 1' - * No em-nest eyes to bis are raiseid, his change ful looks to scan, Tho blond physician's queries must satisfy tho Single'Man. Physician to convalescent patient — 'My |S| bill, sir, for attendance during your lato ill- & ness.' Patient: 'Great Scott, doctor,' Si looking over the bill and and turning white, pi 'was I as sick ns all that?' & Time and fashion stay for no man. $ Jones (to Brown) : ' Where can -you be running to at that railroad pace?' lirort-n ? . 'Why, this is a present for my wife a bonnot, ami I am trying ,to urrive'at home befefre tlie fashion changes.' ' '?It's a bloased'good thing,' said Mawson,: as ho gazed on the ocean, ' it's a blessed good thing tho ocean's bottom is solid.' ' Why?' ' Think of what a goyser there'd be on tho - ' ' other side pf the eiu-tlj if i(- leaked.,' 