SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (Copyright.) Bv an M.D. Author of ' 'Under a Spell,' 'Victoria Cross Valour,' ' Science aud Sin,' In i Lovo with a Ghost,''' ' Condemned toiDeath,' &o.;, &o.; CHAPTER XI. 'AND MELANCHOLY MARKED HIM FOR HER OWN.' With the lover's rapture, (lenoniiuined by somo hardened cvnic a- statu of temporary, lunacy,' full on me, 1 took uj) my old .quarters at ..my' uncle's, and prepared to thoroughly enjoy the hospitalities, , of J.ondon in EthoPs sweet society. Alt, bough at '.hi« time of the vear, the West. End !»?.? euphemisti cally called empty, which moans- in other; words flmt' i.vv.i'vlmtlv wit.b anv ' iirotenci! t.o Ion and no pri'tcnco whatever to a long purso.puts up his front shutters and leads a niisnrablo life in the. back rooms, yet 1 found no Ja/jk of friends who welcomed mo liouio effusively, and '.passed, many compliments upon my marvellously. ?; healthy , appearance. Hut whilst all my acquaintances rallied round .me with their congratulations, and thus helped materially to re- establish my- confidence in myself, I was sur prised and oven h'JvfcatHie callous 'manner in which, my uncle treated t.bo subject: of my health. , 1 could not fail to notice tlio cunl of sarcasm ? which fixed itself around bis mouth -whenever lie overheard a friend expressing his pliiasuro at my altered ap pearance, and it seemed to convey to me a most distasteful meaning. It. . implied that, my uncle 'either bad no Ixiliof in my cure, or that lie .was. con-' vinced that 1 slmuld inevitably suffer a relapse. ., It was proliaWy this: rooted-conviction, of. tho 'incurability of my mental diseaso which prompted him to put, off from dav'to day tbo interview I was J_._: ? -J I— with tlie. state, of my affiairs. lie evinced the utmost repugnaneo at the ulea of any stops being taken to remove' 'the stigma, under which I laboured, and manifested bis opposition' by ;an irritability aud testincss which, used ito be utterly foreign,: to his nature. To my prayiers, entreaties, and iirgings.-lio r turned nothing but -evasive replies, until I at last drove him into a cornier by saying that; I was- tired of his excuses, and should forthwith take the advice of a solicitor. Thou lie showed some slight emotion, lectured me upon the , ingratitude of consulting a stranger in preference to a near relative, who could have no other object at heart than my welfare, and bogged nie to rest content .with my present position for a month- or two longer,, by- which , time his observation would enablo him - to decide whether ho i would support, or oppose my claim to manage ? my I own property. The coolness of tho request, stung I ?me beyond enduranco. IE ho hail any real, affection for mo, would; lio be' content; to let mo remain a i legal lunatic an'' instant longer than necessary Ho knew 1 io\v much my futairo happiness depended upon an .immediate reversal of the Lord Chancellor's verdict, aud yet ho was trying to persuade me to hug tho odious chains of insanity for some indefinite . period, to bo fixed at his own ; discretion,! j I. indignantly refused to assent to his proposition, and poiuted out that tlio certificate ot sanity given me.!? by the eminent physicians of Ste. ; , ;Marie ? was sufficient and conclusivo proof of the absurdity - of ? his tears. His retort so lillod mo with disgust tliat it acted as tho last straw on tho camel's back, and drove me to tlio very course from which ho was endeavouring to dissuade me. . '(Real lunatics,' said Adam Gray, , 'at the period of remission, are desirous of being deemed free from the malady, aud always assiduously endeavour to conceal from observation any lapse of thought, memory, and expression which might tend to betray them. I call to mind how Alexander Cruden, the' famous author of J the Concordance of the Bille, replied to the question as to whether he ever had been mad, ' I am as mad now as I was formerlv. ' he said, ' and was as mad then as I am now, that is to say, not mad at any time 1 ' Yet this poor man was suffering all the timo lrom a severe attack of mental aberration.' ' You have evidently been studying the subject in order to rake up evidence against mo,' I replied bitterly. 'Not so, Gerald,' answered my uncle affection ately. ' Do not encourage such a horrible delusion. ? for it may becomo so morbidly real that it will tond to darken your mind, and precipitate the , return of your malady.' , I had been home a mouth when tlio above inter view took place, and had, therefore, afforded my uncle a sufficient time to assure himself of the pcrmauenco o' my mental restoration. His reluctance to aid me i i resuming my full rights as a sane Englishman, and his attempts to cajole me into further procrasti nation, finally produced a disgust which seriously, alienated my affection. Was I much to lie blamed if I left my father's brother with a curse on, my lips, and that I turned round at the door, and backed , up my anathema by declaring that I would never enter his house again? I was irritated beyond oil durance that the ? most important witness1 to my sanity should so persistently ignore -what ' was patent to the whole world, and naturally, though perhaps unjustly, concluded that there must be some interested motive for all his assumed incredu lity. , - , That night I met Ethel at a small affair at Lady Clitheroe's, and, still smarting under my' uncle's unkjndness, poured my suspicions into 'her ears. Her sweet face became grave as I spoke, and her sparkling eyes had lost their merriment by tlie timo I linisiiou recounting my grievances. , 'This delay in being placed iu possession of your ' property is very vexatious,' she said in- her soft, tuneful voice. ' But you must notbo too hard on your uncle, for he is in il, dillicult position which ! necessitates his proceeding with caution. Never theless, I think- the time has come for you to con sult a lawyer upon your furl her course of action.' | At this moment our hostess ? approached and carried Ethel off to the piano lo play au accoinpani- ? ment for a tall dark man wiio seemed the liouol the | evening. Ho, certainly sang magnificently, and, | under the influence of his mellow tones, 1 bccamo . ! ' somowliat ashamed of tho suspicions I wns harbour- j ing against my,' uncle. . The i few words that Ethel i had said to mo on the subject seemed directud i towards destroying my unpleasant fancies, and towards inducing me to keep on friendly terms with tho old man. Hut although she acquitted liiin of double dealing, yet she recognised the. necessity of putting an end to any ?further delay, aud, having received her sanction, X determined to ascertain, my., legal position at, 'the- earliest opportunity. . When tho song was .finished, and the well ..deserved, plaudits had subsided, 1 eagerly watched Ethel as she stood by the piano talking / to the singer. Catching my eyo, she beckoned to nie, aud I pre sently found myself enjoying a pleasant conversa tion in which llr. ltochcstor took a brilliant part. , Ho was a. remarkable man iu .many, respects, and . had just achieved notoriety by Lliu able manner in which lie had defended tlio Rajah of lirahmaporo from a cliargo of attempting to poison , the liritish resident. In less than a- month- after his return from India, ho had reason to congratulate himself upon the lucky chance which threw the Kajali's brief into liis hands, for the details of liis, masterly, defence had: preceded his arrival in England, and lio had hardly ? re-established himself- iu his old r quarters in/ Lincoln's Inn when work literally poured in ! In addition to this recognition. from tlio ' lawyer* ho also found out that society was eager , to attach him to its wheels of pleasure, , and exhibit , him in itsi'aristocratic , drawing-rooms as, a fiua ? specimen of a -newly- discovered Indian liou ! With i a history such as this, poured into my earn by my. kind hostess,' it need not b'o a mailer of surprise that I endeavoured to cultivate .my new acquain tance,1' and was so far successful that we exchanged cards,' and I promised to call upon liini at, his chambers. , .. . ' ?' ,. . J. In the double. delight of .Ethel's,- close proximity I and the charm of Rochester's conversation, I forgot ; all iny- worries aud anxieties,- and enjoyed i.niyself. I as if I liad';not' a care in tliu ? world;. Then , as , I ; Ethel's soft merry laugli;w.is ringing out nuchaui- - i' inglyi and I was in. the. act, of joining in ami heroin-, i ing a! victim lo its contagious mirthfulness, a I shadow fell over me -ami mymame. was pronounced. ,( I Looking up, I perccivnd ' ft footman, wliri promptly I told mo that a gentleman urgently required my presence in' the library; ho ha'd^seiit in 'no f name, , I but merely stated that liis business was imperative'.' t i f 't ' i Full ot wonder as to tho identity of my strange visitor, I reluctantly arose and followed the servant to tho library. Seated in mi armchair at tho fav end of tho room was my uncle, witli a faco so ghastly that I feared 'lie was terribly ill. Hastily closing tiie door I went towards him, utterly for getful of my reccnt anger and full of sympathy for his sufferings. ' '?What can I do for you ?' I exclaimed. 'Shall I send for a doctor ? ' . , 'No, no, Gerald !': ho answered in a hoarse voice. 'My pain is- beyond the skill of medicine, for it is mental not. physical. ??-. My sufforings -aro - caused by your undutiful conduct.^ Itiis terribly distress ing thaH you should desert me in: my old age— that you should so easily fling asido'tho filial regard which I fondly hoped my incessant' care had in stilled into you ! *' 'I- regret that you feel so deeply my withdrawfll from your house,' I answered soothingly. ' You must acknowledge that your, delay iu. ''o-iiistating mo before my fellow men, coupled with your almost, openly expressed doubts of my cure, are all- sufficient reasons for my behaviour to you.' 'Don't argue, Gerald!' interrupted my uncle. 'I am too unliinged to discuss tlio matter; to-night. You turned from my door with a curso on your lips and bitter anger in your heart. Romovo the curse on your father's brother; consent to make his homo your own, and ho will forthwith forgot the. terrible misery lie has. endured this day !' . ? His; imploring accents, terminating, at . last in almost a wail of despair, completely subdued my wrath anil disarmed my lingering suspicions. - 1 fnlt as if I bad done a cowardly action in cursing this grey -haired man, whoso look, manner; and words, full of piteous pleading, betokened a mind grievously injured by unmerited insult. I stood boforo ,. him in a statoof shame and abasement such as.l had not experienced since the day lie had gently broken the news to mo of: my having been declared incompetent of managing usy affairs.i Hut tlio shamo was difforont. It was tlie hand- of Fato which then had nearly blotted out my mind; whereas now I had wantonly insulted aii- old gentleman through an inability to keep my passions under proper control ! . 'Accept my sincere, apologies for that injustifi able, outburst this morn ing,' was my reply, 'couched in affoctionato tones. h And,! if.- you will offer, mo , .the hospitality of your house; again, lr will gladly: \- accept it.' ... . -? .),??,. ? Liko magic, , my words .dissipated', tlio look, of ? intenso anxiety aud suffering, so visibly dopicted ; oil my uncle's face a ' moment ago. -Ho rose from his chair with au agility I could never have credited him with a fow minutes previously, and grasped my hands with fervour. 'You have made a new man of me, Gerald, , my boy !' ho oxclaiined with enthusiastic heartiness. '.Now go back to ICtliel and givo yourself up to enjoyment, whilst I seriously : endeavour to. settle, this vexed- question of sanity . to your benefit.' ? : .. , : Considerably .: relieved; at the turn events had ? taken, I saw my, uncle into a . bansum; and ? then . returned to tho light; and brilliancy of a drawing ?.' room- tall- :of -clever ? men and beautiful piquantc . women. ' I could scarcely believe that this short interview could so raise, my spirits. Yet my uncle's promise, tardy though it' ? was,-, to work for nie, appeared as full- of hope as tlie first beams of the sun I piercing, through densu black clouds. I now regarded j . my future as settled, and found an .opportunity- of whispering to Ethel my conviction that she had not I too much timo for the preparation of her trousseau ! i Sho blushed, aud laughed, and looked so radiantly I ? happy that I was very, nearly kissing hor before tho i assembled multitude. ' f Several days elapsed, during which my uncle ap- I pearod to bo very busy witji'iny affairs. The two | doctora who had. certified trf/my lunacy, again sepa- ' rately examined .me andAveut away with .hopeful words on their lips. Alter the. second one had departed, it struck me that the certificate l had received from the 1'arisian doctors might help to hasten their verdict of my complete sanity. I therefore men- ? tioncd its existence to my uncle, and asked him ?whether I should send a copy to tho physicians. He hesitated a moment and then asked to see the i document, which I immediately produced. After scanning its contents, he pronounced it so valuable, that he imagined his bast courso would be to drive to tlio doctors without delay ami lay it before them. With a feeling of gratitude for his eager interest, i I surrendered tho paper, anil watched him depart ou this, to me, important errand. Tlio days flew on and lengthened into weeks, without my uncle haying been able to got an opinion from tlie physioians. They -were always out, ho told mo, when lie caJled, or else wero too busily engaged with patients to seo liini ! My impatience at last became so great that I announced my determina tion of placing the certificate of liberty in the hands ot other doctors who would have time to attend to ?= i.: my interests. On1 hearing this, my uncle went' ? onco moro to tho dilatory experts and succeeded in obtaining, an interview. ? i I 'was anxiously awaiting his return, and 'ss- the carriage stopped,: r».ii hastily out to meet ?.him. .' 'Have you been successlul this time?' I inquired/ . 'Successful,; in so far that; f obtained access to-, them, '.was, his. reply, ,.,,,?; ?'Aud the document — is it valuable?' 'It is waste-paper to you !'?? camo tho - crushing answer.- ? ? . 'Waste-paper? How can that be when it so fully ? describes my disease, and ? ' 'It does not describe your disease,' interrupted my. uncle. 'Tho document is of value only to one Gerald Wilson, grocer's assistant, who was admitted into tlio hospital of SLc. Mario direct from his master's house in tlie Rue Lapolletier. Except for the coincidence of tlie Christian names, there is nothing iu tlio paper which lias tho remotest con nection wifh you.' I tottered into the library, aghast at the crumb ling of my strongest fortress. It was little less than fatuous tint I bad not remembered how Dubosquu had forced me to sink my identity under a name which lie bad settled upon when my darkened reason , rendered it necessary lo remove mo to a hospital, lint a little further reflection- revived my drooping spirits, for I lelt that, 1 ought to have coniidonce iu the two gentlemen who had my statu of health under consideration, and who would' un doubtedly report in -my., favour, backed up, as I i now was, by the friendly representations of- my* i' guardian. „. . - ? 'What, was the decision ; of; the doctors?'! ,1-, at , length anxiously inquired. , ?. 'They say it, will take them months to: arrive; at a satisfactory decision,'' answered my -uncle, 'un suspiciously. '?Then they snail no longer pur/.lo their addle heads over me,' [ answered, -giving full rdiu to my wrath. ! 'I shall look tr. you to back me upi i u - my uturo proceedings, which, first and foremost, will . be to consult a shrewd and intelligent solicitor.' , 'Do nothing rashly,- l.beg, of you,!' interposed my uncle. 'All, there: is Rochester!' I- continued, ; scarcely- , noticing the. interruption. 'Ho: is ' brilliant aud' successful; I will take his advice;' 'You are ton liiistv, (ferald. You will ruin your:/, future ! If you setithesij two eminent specialists in . lunacy against , you, your, cause won't be -worth-.' a fig.' ? , ( 'I will not again be dissuaded from doing what I ouglit to have done the moment ! lauded; in Eng land,' was my- rejoinder. '??Come, unchs': 1' ^con- tinued, ? 'you will best serve my interests bv ? driving witlriue to 'Rochester's chambers,';' ? -*;? ?' I refuse to .Help you on to your ruin,' said my uncle, lii nily. . , ; .- ?.?! .. '?Then 1 must act. .without you!' I exclaimed- j decisively. ' When I:; look back, upon all these j ' wasted'niouths, my conscience reproaches me with . being a. laggard.. ,. 16 is . no , use acting any, longer -i.i upon our own responsibility; ? AVe have tried aud i | have.; failed'; hence, as I am tlio principal party involved, J am thoroughly deteriniiied to expedite the machinery of law by the aid of one of its 'pro- ' fessors.' *; ; ? . ,? .iiMynmcli! did not ininiediately reply. but. stood in reflective attitude by t fie ;()pen-!window. Then- lie a turned suddenly , ai if his mind was made up. -' 'Give ? nie - three' daysv to expostulatil iwith i tho'; 'doctors,' he' s:iid, 'vtnd: ifrl fiiU ^he«;l ? will-' no onger oppose your wislies.' . : . ? ,'.???? ? 'Agreed !' I exclaimed, holding out- my hands-' lllit' the old gentleniaii glided froni the. room 'v.'ith-'1 oiit appearing to uotico' my affectionate!- overture.' 1 '? I. went to bed that night; uv such a sstransjo : stato of.exliilaration that jl^wasj.-an . enigmiii- -to, niyaeU'. Tlie horrible procrastination which dogged my overy ' effort bad had its due effect in rendering ma irritable and anxiolis, and I was therefore non plussed at the feeling of delight which overtook me us I shut the door. I sat down and endeavoured to recall any circumstances which could have con tributed to such elasticity of mind, and, while I was racking my brains, the room faded from view, and I felt as if I was being wafted on golden wings to a region of eternal joy, wherein tlie most brilliant colours seemed to harmonise and blend with the strains of a heavenly music ! Worry and anxiety could havo no resting-place in such an abode of transcendaut bliss, and I revelled with ardour in the peace which was breathed all around me. After basking in this stilly fragrance of harmony for some time, a darker colour seemed to steal over the bright hues of my paradise, and I wondcringly asked myself 'Is not happiness eternal in Heaven?' The gradual invasion of the sombre tints was the answer I obtained; they slowly but surely dissolved tho exquisite crimson and gold into a dull murkiness which spread over every object and quenched the ? divine strains of enchanting music. ' It is possible to gain heaven and yet bo thrust out,' I said sadly to myself, and at this moment I recognised tho familiar objects of my own bedroom ! For hours I lay tossing about, a prey to tlio . deepest gloom and despondency. A horrible senso ? . of bitter disappointment laid its heavy hand upon ? my heart, and bado mo prepare for : the; utter annihilation of my fondest hopes. At length,'. ? as daylight crept into the room, I found relief'; in a fow short hours of restless sleep.' Rut when I rose, a new fear took possession of mo, and it was duo to my recognising, in last night's vision, tlie- . symptoms which were so familiar in my old mental disease, and which told me that I was on the high road to another attack ! , ; . ? Tho doctor's reticence and my uncle's caution wore plainly justified by my experiences of the night. If they knew of them, they would assuredly negative any appeal to: the Lord Chancellor, and I still clung to tlio \vish to be pronounced sane. I would seo liocbestpr secretly and at onco, boforo the malady made any perceptible inroads onmy.health ; and I determined to adopt the madman's cunning in concealing every sign of insanity. .; As, 'I entered tlio breakfast room, my uncle scrutinised my appearance so fixedly that I suspected he had discovered tlio secret. ' Have you slept, well?' he asked abruptly. '?Not very well,' I answered. 'A cold in Uib head was troublesome.' ? ' Ah, I see your ej'Gs are proternaturally brilliant, but directly after breakfast Twill give you a remedy which will cut short the heaviest influenza.' I took tho remedy, and, under the prqtext of requiring more. sleep, retired to the solitude of my apartment, where I was safo from observation, and here I intended to remain until my undo left the house for his usual morning walk. ? He went out ? earlier titan- 1 expected, and then I lost no time in obtaining a cab and ? driving to ; Lincoln's Inn, where I. was fortunate enough to find Rochester with ; a few leisure moments at liis disposal. , I succinctly narrated my business, and graplii ! cally described the eagerness which consumed me to liavo tlie stigma of madness removed. Rochester listened quietly and attentively, merely asking a i question here and there to elucidate, a point, and once, when my earnestness led mo into detailing a. few leading symptoms of the old mania, he looked up surprised, and asked more question:; about them than their bearing on tho casu seemed to ?? require. He noticed the impatience with which I- answered ? ' him, and excused himself for 'dwelling upon an un : pleasant subject by stating that he— tras an ardent pathologist and chemist. When I comtnehced anew , ? to pour forth into liis earVivery minute incident, whicli l imagined might, be o^ service, lie. 'silently listened making voluminous notes, and when Iliad thoroughly exhausted the subject, ' began to ques tion nie. 'Of courso you will understand, Mr Gray, : that strictly speaking I ought to relegate you and your i complaint to a solicitor. '; lint the curious case you ! have just related induces me, as a friend, to: look, i, into it. Js'ow, have you the certificate granted by the French doctors with you ? ' 'I gave it to my uncle, who li.is not returned it. ' Oh !' ejaculated Rochester. 'Well, who aro your, nearest living rnlatives ? ' '?I have but one relation iu the. world, and ho is my uncle.' 'Hut I understood you to say that lie is your com mittee, charged: with tho guardianship, of : your person as well as your property?- Has it. ever struck you that, if anything happened to you, lift would inherit your., estate ? v . v:'u' ? ? 'Of comse it has ! ' '' 'Then can't j'ou seo that, it is not; a caso for . a ? lawyer, but lor a- police magistrate?' said myfriend, ?with a grim smile. '?I am not in a jocular mood.' I answered, coldly. 'I'lea to explain.' : A hurried knocking interrupted me, Rochester's ( clerk put his head iu at the door and exclaimed, i,'You aro wanted in Number 3 Court. at once.' Tlio .barrister rose and hastily donned his wig and gown,. . at tho same timo asking me to oajl upon him in Uirce days' time, when lie would fully explain tho : position I was in. - , .''.^Spmowhat dissatisfied at RochestcrJs peculiar reiuarlcs, I wont homo and resigned mysell to another three days' delay. Rut beloro tho time ot tlie appointment arrived, 1 was almost as bad as I | was in tho days of my worst mental attack. , Exhilaration aud depression, glorious visions and ! dark and terrible apprehensions, succccded ono ' another with alarming rapidity. My condition | could bo concealed from no ono, lor I talked moro ! incoherently than ever I did before, and I began to | think that a wretch like mysell bad no right to cumber the world. Ethel's distress and the tears which flowed against her will only serve to heighten my desire for rest in the tomb of eternal silence, and nothiii' but the fascination of the oft-recurring visions of paiadise prevented mo from suicide. Per haps what made my pitiable condition seem all tho i moro intolerable to myself was the keen conscious I uess that, beneath a brain cloudcd over in somo | mysterious manner, tjiore was an intellect a* bright and as activo as eve/. ! It, is almost iiecdlitos to say that I retained sense I enough to break tlio appointment 'with: Rochester. Five minutes' conversation witli him would be'moio than 'sufficient to reveal my mental deficiency,, and to induce liiin to urge mo,: to remain content with whatever crumbs of happiness might occasionally fall to the lot of an outcast from the affection ami sympathy of mankind. \- Thus' 1 wearily shut myself. , off as ^mucli as . possible irom communion with thov outer- world, . : ? 'and endeavoured to wrap upself ;up.in an impene- ? I ruble armour , of icy indifference which concealed ? ? . but could not, extinguifili a raging fire of intolerablu '. unguish. ' I (To he continued.) A oooi). sort of man ; was recently asked- to stiu- . I ? scrjbo ror a chandelier for tlio church. ' Now,' said ! hi?, ' what'e tlio uso of a chandelier ? After you get it j 1 von can't got any ono to play on it.' | A ritoriHt conclusion for the marriage ceremony in I many of onr fashionable weddings would ho, ' What j 'commercial interests .have joined together, lot uo ill !' temper put asunder.'' ' ' I I ' li' it is said (hut a young, lady, ' throws horsolf I away,' w/i/er.s/a/i(l slio bus niarried for lovo ; if Hint i sho is ' comfortably set tled,' understand tlint she has : married a wealthy old miinwhom sho hates. : A ;imi:u.M,mc! patient told his doctor (hat ho ' had got ' roinantii! pains.'' The doctor assured hint i ho . would soon bo well, , ns lio had got plenty of romantic uiedicin'es. . , A. i.i'i'n.r, five-year-old girl, on being told something which ' much aniused her, exelnimod emphatically, .' I shiill renionibor that tlio , whole of my life, anil wlien'I forget it. 1 will writo it down.' : ' Don't sit so far awny from me, Harry, dear,' sho i said i to her lover, whilo thoy wero steaming up Uib I river with i, ho excursion ; ' don't sit so far awny and ; turn your baok to mo in that way ; peoplo will think ! wo'ro married.' i. , Stuong-mindki) -Wife: ' Kh, ?Toaiues, you aro j great on languages ; what, is the. difl'orenco between | cxiiortcd ami Iniiifporlcd ?'? Submissive Husband; ! 'Why, my dear,' if you should goto America, you j ( .would bo exported, nnd I — well, I should be trans ported.' | Ax Irishman fell in lovo wiLii a lady, but,, instead of reoiprocating his affection-*, she fell in love will: another iinui, and married him, which caused l'jt, 1; ''.exclaim, in tho fulness of his heart, 'Deli! wotilc tlint' ye had been born twins, so that 1 could In: had half o' ye !'' A roirvruv pool-, after taking it general view ; life, has come to the following rhyming conelusidii 