GOSSIP OF THE CENTURY- ' Mialiant commc une chroniquc has passed, as tho. author of the two bulky volumes boforo no romarks, into a French proverb. Gossip need not, however, "bo cither malicious or frivolous) and history is, no doubt; largely, indebted to tho nncodotea ot .diarists; But, though . gossip may bo devoid of that spice of . misohief whiob we' usually ''associate with the word, and may eveii deal withmoro or loss' .serious matters, it is, vory , bard to make d continuous work out of such loose loaves of report and tra dition as woll as of memory. Tho author of Flemish Interiors , who has sot liimsolf to col- lcot all .that ho has known or heard or seen in a long lifo, has obviously felt thiB difficulty, and though ho seems, to promise us a continuation of his labors iu another volume, his present materials at times appear to overburden him. The. result is that we have a book whioli admirably lends itsolf to quotations, - and which- may bo opened almost anywhere with tho cortainty of discovering something interest ing and antertainiiig, but whioh it is impossible to read through oonsooutively. - Tho writer has. > had many agreeable experiences, and tells us muoh that concerns tho sooial and domestio lifo of .the 'celebrities of tlio present century, and let us add that though rominisoonoea usually lead to "tho inevitable ego" of tho, narrator, his own porsonality is generally kept roligiously in the background. For most people, however, his book may prove too long, .and hero and there — porhapa from its disconnected oliarnotor —a littlo tedious. "We will begin with a fow quotations from tho author's Court scenes. Tho , writer saw Goorgo IV. only oneo, and in tho flash; as it were, of a carriago drive, but tho description of the blontcd-fabod king and his two fat brothers wrapped up in their furs is as good as a photograph. " Tho First Gentleman in Europe 1 oould behave like one, on occasion, as this anecdote shows : — Driving one day through the avenue in "Windsor Park ho met a coarse, blustering leuow, one or » thoso who entertained no admiration for royalty ; on being ' told by a companion who sat boslde him' that tho King s phaeton was approaching, and that ho must uncover," ho replied with au oath, and loud enough to bo heard by his Majesty, 'I won't take my hat off to anybody.' The King drew up, lifted his own lint, and said with a smilo worthy of 'Prince Flbrizel,' 'I would toko off miiio to the meanest of my subjects.' Tho man wiib dumbfounded, but by the time ho had sufllaiently recovered himself to return the salute tho King hod driven on." ..." GeorgoIV. also behaved liko a gentleman and a man of sense w lion ho exolaimed, on aocing Sir "Walter Soott at a royal lovfc, painfully at tempting to kneel, "My doar "Walter, don't knool ; I am delighted to seo you without put ting you to that inconvenience." There aro also some anecdotes (but not nil quito now) nlmnfc " mv dear Arthur, to wit, tho Duko of Wellington, and his Greco's quiet, matter-of- fnot way of humoring tho Royal dolusion that King Georgo had fought the battle of "Waterloo. It was only in publio that tho last George was a goiitloman, first,1 second or twentieth, for, "in the company of his boon companions tho King was eoarso in bis langungo, unrofiiiod in his mannors." His successor, "William IV., was a muoh bettor fellow in ovcry way. " What can you expect of a follow who lias got a' head sliopod liko a pinoapplo?" a oourtior onoo asked, referring to tho now. King. IVhnt cati you expect of a follow with a head like a sugar loaf? was askod about the Amber Yakoob Khan, who signed tho ridiculous treaty with Lord Lytton. In tho sooond instance the question was muoh moro to tho point. "William had at any rato a sonso of humor, as this story, told by himsolf, and quoted by tho author, shows "I had beon riding ono day, unattended by a groom, between Toddington and Hampton "Wiok, when I wns'ovortnkou by a butcher's boy on liovso- baok, with n troy of "meat undor his arm. ' Nioo pony that of your'n, old gen'leinnii,' said lie. 'Pretty fair,' I answered. ' Mine's a good un too,' was ; liia .rejoinder ; niid lio added, "' I'll wager yoii'a poto' boor, old man, you don't trot to Hampton Wick quicker nor mo.' I declined the match, and tho butoher's boy, as ' lib struck his singlo spur into bis nag's side turned back aniVoalliid out with a oontomptuous sneer, (I knowed you was only a muff.' " v ... At Queen Victoria's ooronation an accident was supposed jtq liavo happened ' to the brown." This is tho vorsion given by our author I recently asked .Mrs." Loyoestcr, Adqlphus, jiflio Gossip of Ilia ' Cenluni; Personal 'Trfull, 'ioiinl llmwrici By the author of Flemish Interiors "vols. (Ward and Downey.)1 - - . was within tlio Abboy nnd is now oged 05, whothor she liad any rcoollcction of the circum- staneo that tlio noblo functionary had, by tread ing on tlio train of his voivet mantle as ho approached her Majesty, disturbed tho equili brium of his sacred charge, so that it tottered nearly to tho ground. Sho immediately replied, 'No; it was as lie was retreating backwards down tho Btcps;' and it seemed satisfnotory to rcccivo this corroboration of my own recolleotion. Supposing tho occur rence to liavo falcon place, it "ib porfeotly natural that ib should have remained unrecorded, for oven in onlightencd England there are probably a sufficient number of superstitious people to linvc seen in it an untoward omen, of which, happily, thoro has novcr been any rontisation. Whether tho orown had or had not a fall on tho occasion of lior Majesty's ooronation, there is no reason to doubt the fact of a subsequent acci dent. On 9th October, 1845, her Majesty went in state to tlio House of Lords to pro rogue Parliament in porson. Tho orown was carried on n velvet oushion by tho Duke of Argyll (Lord High Stoward). As tlio duke was reoeding from tlio throno aftor tho ceremony ho forgot tlio two steps bo- hind him, by whioh tba floor of tho throne was raised from tho ground, and when he reached them stumbled, so that tho crown fell from its oushion on to the ground and several of tho stones dropped out. The Queen graciously ex pressed her hopes that tho venerable duko was not hurt, and bogged him not to be troubled at tho mishap. As soon as tlio royal party had loft tlio housekeeper appeared and requested thoso present not to nppronch till tho stones had been collected uninjured." Wliatovor may have been thought of tho omen by the superstitious, the young Queen early showed a tact, bravory and conscientiousness whioh won the respoot of all. Sho knew how to deal also with somewhat awkward situations. Hero is a littlo sceno from tho ceremony of tlio Quoen's ooronation : — " Thero was a thunder of applause, and tears of emotion might bo soon on many faces, when the aged Duko of Wellington knelt to offer bis liomageto tho royal child, who, no doubt, was liornelf moro moved than anyspeotatorof the suggestive inoidont. The marked alteration in tho dulco's countenance and gait, the inoreasod stoop in his figure, the snowy whitoness of his hair, and othor indica tions of age and advanoing infirmity, produced a tminftil imnression on all Dresent. .... When tho vouorablo Lord Eolle, oged 95, who had already slipped on the steps of the throno, camo in his turn to do homage, the young Queon said, with lovable naivetii, 'May I not get up to meet him' end without waiting for permission, roso nnd advanced down two or three stops, to spare tho aged peer the risk of another fall." Amongst othor anecdotes of tho year 1837 liore is ono : — " Among the most interesting is ono narrated by Major Gumming Bruco at tho Conservative dinner given to him and Mr. M'Konzie, jun., of Seatwoli, at ForreB, in Sep tember, 1837, ho pledging his word for Untruth. Lord Melbourne, in his oliaraoter of Premier, had to wait upon hor Majesty at Windsor upon State business. When it was conoludod the noble lord begged to bo allowed to address tho Queen on a subjoot which he felt it to bo his duty to press on her Majesty's attention, viz., 'Would her Majesty graciously in form him whothor thero was any indi vidual for whom Blie felt suoh a preference fltof alio wnnlrl wiali trt linvA film nagnAintarl with her in tho cares of tlio sovereignty. ' The Queen no doubt felt a little surprised at suoh an inquiry, but Bngely requested to know whothor his Lordship mado it as a Minister of tho Crown, and whether bo intended she should regard it as amattor.of Stato polioy,.if so, she would on- deovor to answer it. Lord Melbourne replied that, under no othor oircumstanoes would ha havo presumed to address suoh a ques tion to her Majesty, 'Tlion.'Baid the Queen, 1 1 must admit there is an individual for whom I entertain a decided profoience, and that individual is the Duke of Wellington.' 'Gentle men,' concluded Major Gumming Bruce, 'I leave you to figuro . to yourselvcB the length of tho noblo lord's faco ! ' " Of Byron and D'Orsay there nro many remi niscences, some of them scarcely ilattoring, while of tho Countess Guicoioii we only hear that sho had the appearance of a short bolster, with a string around its middle ; that sho waddled liko a duck, and was anything but refined in lnngiioge or mannors. Tho following ancodote is told of Gronow and D'Orsay " Colonel Grtfnow, whoso mamoira of the celebrities, as woll ns the fashionables, of his day liavo preserved his name from oblivion, for of him it may bo said — S'il n'eut nial pari (5 do personno . On n'eut jamais parlb do lui— . wan among tho count's fervent admirers — nor- hops because lie was himself of small stature and insignifloant appearance. Ho did not oven resent tho ingenious sobriquet by which it pleased D'Orsay to designate him, invorting, with good natnrod impertinence, the two syllables of his patronymic, and calling liim 'Nogtow.' Tho gallant colonel ono day,' moot ing liia idol displaying a now and dazzling caprice, was unable to restrain an exclamation of delight at the beauty of the very originnl creation, and even added, ' Oil, my denr count, you really must give me that waistcoat.' ' Wiz plcnsure, Nogrow,' replied the count, with a oharming Frenoli bow and a courteous Fronoh smile; ' but what shall you do wiz him? Alii he shall mako you ono dressing gown.' It is probable that Gronow, thus brought to his senses, remembered tho fablo of the bull and the frog, but bo didn't say so." Tho demoralising influence oxoroisod by Count D'Orsay, "tho mould of form," is illustrated in Wie ItUIUWIllg tlllUUUVt-U i— gVllfrlVlMUIt Vfc tho buttcrmnn olnss, who hod retired on a lavge fortune, doeirous of giving himsolf a loumnrc a hi mode, and simple enough to . bolievo that lino clothes mado fine gonticmcn, applied to D'Orsny'a tailor, the famous Hcrr Stulz, to dress him precisely liko tho count. A suit having been completed, tlio client proceeded to try it on, surveying himself anxiously in a Psycho, and scanning ovory attitude into whioh ho oould throw his com- munplaco figure. At last, utterly at a loss to account- for the hopeless failure of the artist in broadcloth, ho turned to him, and said, with a puzzled air: 'Strange, isn't it? I can't under stand what you've been about, Mr. Stultz, I don't considor you have mado mo look at all liko D'Orsay. "What ilo you say?' 'Well sir,' answered the tailor, doing his best to keep liia countenance, 'you Bee nature must do somo- tiling towards it.'" ' ' . Tho author tolls some anecdotes about tlio West-end oolobrity, John EIwcs, known as tho miser. Old John hail a thorough contempt for physicians. Ono night ho met with on acci dent. Tho dootor pronounced tlio case a had ono .—"Very probably you nro right," Baid tlio misc-r, "but, Mr. Sawbones, I hnve ono thing to soy to you. I do not oonsider mysolf muoh hurt; now, you think I am, so I will mako this agree ment. I will tnke ono log, and you shall havo tho otlior. You shall do what yon ploaso with yours, and I will do nothing to mine, and I will wager you the amount of your bill that my leg gets well first." Elwos deliglitod in tolling this story, and used to assert with triumphant glco that ho beat tho apothecary by a fortnight. Tlio misorlinoBS in Etwcs ran in tlio family blood. 'His mothor, though sho had £100,000 a year at the timo of hor dentil, died of starvation. Yet John Elwos, tho miser,1 wob oapoblo- of generosity. Though ho would walk miles out of tho way to snvo a turnpike toil, ho would lond, " unsolicited, £1000 to a Captain Tempest, of whom lie know very little, to enable him to pur- cliaao a vacancy in a majority, which he needed as a means of livelihood, lest a wealthier man should obtain it over his head whilo ho was trying to raiso tho money." Tlio pagos on The Faculty of the Past and tlio Helplessness of Patients contain some terriblo passages. For exomplo: — "Arrived at tlio house, tlio apothecary prooeeded forwith toblccd tlio helpless patient, desiring his young assistant to put his finger on tho pulse and report its con dition. 'Weaker, sir,' was tho first reply. A few minutes after, in response to a repetition of tlio inquiry, ho hod to answer, ' Still weaker ;' next time it was ' Considerably weaker ;' and at last, white with terror, ho gasped out, ' I can't feel it at all, sir 1' ' Ah !' sighed the doctor, 'I was afraid wo wore too lato. I hadn't timo to tako enough blood.' As for tiio hapless widow, sho was inconsolable. 'Only to think,' Boid the poor soul, wringing her wrinkled hands, ' If I'd only had tlio sense to sond for you sooner ho might liavo been saved.' As tliero was nothing moro to bo done, tho dootor and his assistant took their leave. Tlio former drovo homeward witii a prc-ocoupiod air, then, sud denly turning to his young companion and pupil, he oxolaimcd, 'Dyo know it strikes mo 1 i n-.i xt._A t t rqu i now wo Kiiitiu nun iiiuu. vju i uwi »» auy wo, sir ; I bad nothing to do with the killing, for killed ho undoubtedly was,' replied tlio youth. Tho master's face assumed an irritated expres sion, as ho answored excitedly, 'What d'ye mean, yon young dog? You had nothing to do witii it? Why, you hold the basin.' " Tho Duko of lCont, the Queen's fothor, was bled to tho amount of 120 oz. When the lancet had done its work onps were brought in, we aro told. No wonder the poor duko died. In our day the idiocies and barbnrities of tlio " Fnoulty of tlio Past " seem inoredibie, and yet tliey are not so vory far past. Of the late Lord Bcaconsficld's baptism our author writes : — " Disraoli seems to have been brought up to the ago of 12 without any definite religious ideas, nor did ho, or perhaps oven his father, know under what denomination he could be classed ; hiB father appears to have be longed to a littlo sect of his own, being neither a Jow nor a Christian. Lite rary tastes brought together tho eldor Dis raeli and Rogors, nnd tlio latter, though by no means straiglitinced in the matter of morality, notwithstanding that his poetry iB so pure, not only suggostcd that young Benjamin should be baptised, but got the ceremony performed and stood godfather to him. Tho docd was done at St. Andrew's, Holborn, on the 31st July, 1817. The entry may be soon iu tho parish register, wlioro ho is stated to have boon then 12 yoars of age, and son of Isaao Disraeli and Maria Basevi. A Mrs. Bills w»o his godmother." . Tho young Disraeli does not soem to have been very popular with bis schoolmates, if wo may jiulgo from this story "Part of Benjamin Disraeli's early years were pnssod at a boarding school at Walthamstow, where a first cousin o ' my own had boon tcmporarilypiaoed. From liim I used to hear that the boy, who was subsequently to bccomo so urbane and courtier like, wob at that time suoh an overbearing littlo prig that he made himsolf most unpopulor with his sohool- fellows, and naturally became their butt, ovcry kind of schoolboy triok being played off on liim. One, of which my cousin oonfossod him self tho inventor, though reprohensiblo in common with oil praotical jokes, had the merit of ingenuity. It seems that tho young man, oven in theso early days, gave indications of tho foppishness of his middle life, and used, on occasion, to appear in gay colored pantaloons, with Hessian boots. Accordingly, just boforo he Conned thorn one day, Bomo cobbler's wax was neatly plastered over the inner soles of tho tatter, and when the timo oame for removing tliem, tbo other boys found a fine opportunity for taunting - the struggling wearer with hia vanity, and suggesting that it would bo a great pity over to tako them off." Tho author is not always kindly in his references, especially to those whom ho thinks, for wliatovor reason, havo been overrated. Among his avorsions are Dickens and Jonny Lind. Tills is how he chooses to write about the great singer when detailing his experiences of tho operatio world : — No one would dispute tho morits of this artist if hor ndmirerB would be content to let her rest upon tlioso as tlioy wore, and relinquish their desperate efforts to oxalt her so exaggeratedly beyond tliom ; she had a fresh young voice, olonr and oven full in part of its compass, but vory unequal, and sho sang not always in time ; her histrionic intelligence was dceidodly below the avorago, ber noting was de liberate, oorreot, conscientious, but so utterly passionless and unpootical that it is impossible to conaoive now sno can evor nave oxoiteu any enthusiasm. Her movements wero the reverse of graceful; indeed, her physique was incom patible with grace, though she wore a pleasant anil aminblo expression ; her complexion was thiok, her features thiok, her figure tliiok, lior ankles thick, and then she . woo always Jenny Lind, for sho had not tho art of merging her own personality in that of the oharacter she represented. . Having speedily eomo to tho end of hor. limited capa bilities, Jenny Lind prudently quitted tho stage, whioh sho oertainly never adorned. Sho did not ' tnke ' in Paris, and ot lost had to fall bnok upon Baruum ! 'WTiotliortlio showman inoluded in his travelling menagerie tho 1 two headed,' together with tlio Swedish ' nightin gale, ' or whother ho exhibited them sepa rately, I do not remember s but bo sapiently availed himself of Lumloy's experience, and by blowing tlio trumpet sonorously before pro- ducinir lior. sneoecded in notting a littlo fortune even after ho had paid her the largo sum ot wbioli alio vnluod herself. Indeed, Barnum used to say ' lio ditl not think evon Tom Thumb had proved a better speculation.' " Somo of tho most interesting portions of those volumes deal witii muBionl anil theatrical celebrities. Lsblaolie, Mnlibran, Grisi, Mario, Bfadamo Vcstris, Tngiioni, tho Ellslers, John Parry, Albert - Smith, Mnoklin, Mrs. Siddons. Macready, Kcnn; Liston, Robson, with a host of others, are described, and have anecdotes told of tliem. "Vt'e liavo no space to roCor in detail to the oritieisms nnd oommonts in w'hioh the book abounds ; only a fow quotations inuBt suffice. Hera is nil anecdote of Mnlibran: — "An amusing nnecdoto is told of Mnlibran, which, simple as it may seem besido the grandeur of lior professional oharaotor, serves to show what a thorough musioinn she was. Sho bad been askod at a private party to bestow a contribution on tlio company, and seating herself at tho piano ployed with solomn foroo and effect a magnificent mnreli. All wero impressed and delighted ; then, reserv ing tlio same melody, slio simply oliangod tho timo and tho key, and tho air assumou an entirely different aspoot ; proceeding ou this prinoiplc,- gradually it becamo a jig, and ulti mately turned out to bo neither more nor less than Polly, Put tlio Kettle On, as sbo ended by adding tho words to tho music." _ And here is ono of Grisi "Grisi, without pos sessing muoh sense of humor, ofton said droll things, and tlio quaintnoss of hor Italianised -English,' abounding with literally translated Italian idiom; was amusing, not only to others, but ovon to herself. Howevor, she, liko tlio :olhors, took' kindly to English onstoms, and I remember ono day in -tlio foyer des artistes, during a concert at tho' Bijou Theatre (when various views wore being expressed 03 to tho boverngo ioast pernicious to the voioo), oil agreed in condemning tea as ditestaible, coffco allowablo only if taken « air, ohnmpagno ndmiosiblo and Hadlrc only doubtful. Grisi oonfossod that for her part alio was very partial to 'arf-an-arf,' and Malibran revealed that in tho desort soono in ono of Balfo's operas, where sho lias to drink from a gourd, bIio always had it filled with .... bottled stout I In foot, this stimulant seomod absolutely necessary to supply tho dash and spirit needed iu a bravura song, or in any soono requiring energy near tlio end of a performance. It is known that sho oneo fainted on tho stage after singing Ah Non Giungo, tho finale to Sonnombulo, just as if sho had beon tho real Amina." Mario's superstitions aro thus alluded to : — "In private life Mario was as oharming as before tho publio, although quito in a different way. Well eduoated from his youth, he had always mixed muoh in tho world, whether at courts, or in tho camp, or in ohoson company ; his conver sation wns bright and humorous, and ho had mado friends among tlio most distinuislied per sons of many nationalities. He and Grisi re ceived' with porfeet savoir-vivre, and always with a geniality wliioh constituted the most winning of welcomes; his remarks wero ofton qiinint and original, and it was amusing to lure illlll llivQ but bllUjCiSii Ui aU|IUtO«lkUblUil.1| luoky and unlucky days, omens gene rally, and especially tho 'ovil eyo' — — what Italian, ospeoiatly what Southern Italian, does not hold a belief in that? As for the ill fated nnmber '13' and 'Friday,' both Grisi nnd ho strongly shared tho feeling of Dr. Johnson, Byron, Scott, Sheridan and other ;rcat geniuses, and spoke of it as of an estab- islied and a justifiable conviction. Nothing would induce Mario to undertake or begin any thing on a Friday, and neither he nor Grisi would sit down to tablo if there wero 13 ghosts. If his frequent attitude, especially while resid ing in tho country, was that of tho dolec far nicntc, it must ho admitted he smoked most industriously. It may be said that, exoopt when actually on the stage, lio wns never to bo soon without a oigar between his lips. Even during tho porformnnco the instant ho aould escape to the wings lio would seize the oigar nlwnys held ready for him and smoke literally till called on again." Lablache's interview with tho King of Naples seems to have been somowliat untortunato : — "A droll inoident, showing tho spontaneity of Lablnohe's humor, occurred on tho occasion of his having been sent for. by tho King of Naples. Awaiting in the anteroom bis tnrn to bo ad mitted into tlio royal presence, ho porooived a draught in tlio room, and, fearing the oonsequenoes, begged to ho allowed to remain covered. A moment or two after he was bcokonod by the usher, and forgetting that ho wore his hat, took up one ho found near him, and with' ono hat on his head and another in his hand, entered the room in which was hia Majesty. Tho King at once percoived tho mistake, and was so mightily amused at it that he received the great basso with a lioarty laugh, which so startled tlio object of it that lio soon discovered wlmt had happened, and with his prompt wit exolaimcd, 'Sire, your Majesty is quite right, ono hat would be already too much for a fellow who has nohoad.'" "Wo must conoludo, although thero aro count- Wn nthnr incidents whioh roadilv lend them- selves to quotation, with tlio following capital story of Sam Lover "Lovorwas a genius, and I boliovo it is not unusual for geniuses to be touchy ; but if he was peppery, tho provocation givon, unless of a very aggravated nature, was, aB a rulo, soon forgiven. I remember his telling me how, at a ball ono night, in a crowded sup per room, happening to espy a friend, ho attempted to carry on a conversation with him, notwithstanding the din. Tho subjeot of the weather, the tomporaturo of the room, and the oharaotor of tho assembly having Icon exhausted, Lover askcd liim if ho had seen his "now song, naming tho title of it. ' Oh, yes, to be sure,' replied the other, thinking ho had caught the namo ; ' tlio Angel Swiss Boy, and a capital song, too, my dear fellow; you never did anything hotter. . . .' Lovo"r was disgusted. Ho ropoateil the title in a louder tone, but with no bettor effect, eliciting the reply, 'Yes, yes, of course—1 Tho Anoient Sister— isn't that what I said? Everybody's talking about it, and no wonder ' 'Anoient Sister, be .' ex claimed Lovor, thoroughly exasperated ; 'Anoient Sister, indeed!' and, putting hia mouth oloso to hia friend's ear, he shouted, 'The Angel's Whisporl' 'Eh! oh 1' said tho bnrrvinir awav to hido his confusion. 'that's mora like a devil's yell.' English Papers. 