"How Nlmll Wt Decide Tills Question V' Now, which it the worse-to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite! There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude ot a person towards hie meals. But most ot as are not bleated in that way; we either have too much food with out an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different (oik will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, bcoause, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a mm who ought to eat ani doesn't feel like eating, stands in seed', of " alteration and repairs." To illustrate, We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy the food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If tho Utter, why T Let him clear the mystery himself. . He says, " In the year 1880 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at onee, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, BO that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to thein. One thing was Jike another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down tho middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive. and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would Rather so it !eU Jike a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under those circum stances our friend failed to do justioe to bis meals. He added that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it was touohed with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of whioli was BO severe that the sweat rolled off liim. "I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to cat. "After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by tho fear of " something going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss ot his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to ' him. This was due, aB his intimatcB, to the i impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), I his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled i by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always {nil of ghosts and goblinr, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past uy power of descrip tion. I am tare no one hat suffered to much at I hate done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is ono's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only wo don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all inqdical treatment had left him where it found liim he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly lihe hit OICII having been cured by Mother Seigel'a Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr, Langstaff's, in Wood lesford, and after using its contents the ailment loft me has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for uie. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Sijucii; .. GEOIIOE Hbkt, " Car Bottom Boad, " Apperly Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr, Hunt's desire, in order that part ot the world at least may know how thankful he IB and for what reason. Best value in Grocery at J. De Oonlay'e.* 