CHAPTER III. TR.CruaiBTIONE ;, , Then, noiselessly and osutiously, wea'rept to the door: of Sir Charles Lester'a eleepig napartment.. By the dim light of a moderateur lamp, which was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I asw. Sir Charles seated in bed, proppedo.p: by pillows. Dy the bedsido stood George, his right hand graspod in the long thin bnes of the sick man, and the left placed over his eyes. He looked the pioture of grief. "My eon-for. o I shall now consider you, I?cr bert being dead-T feel that but.a-few days, or at best weeks, can intervene between this antd my death. Ila, mel when we are in strong health, how little do we think of the rashnaes of our scltins I But death, ai dimming our bodily sight, opens our mental eyes and clears their vision. Herbert did wrong, I know ; but was I not to blame as well?" "011, no, no I" sobbed the eorrowful George; 'd not say that. You could not be to blame." ' Ah, yea, I was 1 But that is over-ho is dead. You saw his spirit T' " I did indeed. I can swear it. I fired at it." *What could have brought it here? Stay, George, I have left you everything ; but still I love my con. Had he returned to me and asked for givenesa, he shculd have bad it. I have grioved for him deeply, and long since 1 have forgiven him. May IHeaven torgive him alao'l" "Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. "I pray for his coal night and day. Oh, had he not forged there bills "- "Ho did not forge those bills-at least, I have hopes that such is not the case. Yesterday I re ceived a letter stating thatfroofs cf his innocence would soon ba forthcoming. ludecl, lately 1 have had several communications of almost the like nature. Sametimes 1 could. almost fancy 1 re coguise Herbert's style in tho writing of these notes." "Ah,how the afflcticni work upon the imagina tion 1" groaned George. " No dcubt some sbheming wretch has done this." "It may be so 1 do not know-1 cannot say," replied Sir Oharles, as he piaasel his hand wearily over his brow. "1 feel as if 1 had been in some horrible dream from which 1 am slowly awaken ing." " Who were these letters signed by ?" asked George, softly. "They .re not signed-they are anonymous," replied Sir Charles. "1 have placed them care. fally away in that drawer. You may examine them." 1 saw George's eye light up with glee as he left the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. As he did so, the light fell full on his face, cnd 1 must say 1 never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thin white hands moved nervously, as if eager to grarp the papers. To me that look b:trayed all, and 1 determined upon a bold move. Motioning Mr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, so as to' place myself between the young fellow and the drawer oontaining the letters. " Pardon me," 1 said, quietly. "With your per mission, I will examine these letters before you touch them." SHe sprang back, his faco first pale and then livid with rage, as he exolaimed : " What the devil do you want here, sir ?" "To do my duty," 1 replied, quietly-" hcnestly and fairly; and that is more than 1 think yot can say. Mr Standing." "Sir Cilarlep, am 1 to. be insulted'' almost shrieked Mr Standing. "SirCharles has placed this matter in my handa, and will be kind enough not to interfere," L put in, as 1 drdw forth the letters, and, opening the packe;, took out a letter. Seeing that Master Georgei was ready to maeo a spring upon the others if 1 put them on the table, 1 thrust them into my pocket, and, adanccing to the lamp, coolly commenced to read the one I had in my hand, although I knew the contents would not guida me to anything. However, 1 took great care to watch my agitated friend cut of the corner of my eye. " Good writing for a ghost," 1 muttered, loud enough for the others to hear-" almost too g.od; but there is a mistiness about them which becomea a psrson of so little eabatance;" 1 then. drew a letter from the other end of the packet, opened it, and read that. \--eiýir Charles," said 1, quickly, "have you any oi tbheel toirbt-oiu hendy ?" fHe pointed to .o" 4 er3 and 1 soon load the bills in my hand, comlS a' m-wh the letter. "This is too bad I" cried George Standli;jn;? I the honor of the family to be placed in thia fell&sw.; haiads-a low policeman S " 1 than i -tlbabttr~sA-?uf-.fitfr'eWilnsa ;n.mutandj are you prepared for a great surprise-an agreeable one, 1 hope. but one which may tax your etreugth to the utmost P" " GO on. 1 am ill, but 1 can bear all." .!' Some of these letters, wherein your eon asks for pardon, are no doubt genuine; the others are forgeries." " Forgeries !" . " Yes; and the man who forged those lettera forged the blls." " Great heavens I" George grew ashen white, " l's a fact, andl can prove it," said 1. " Your son shall prove it." * M3y son I Ho is dead I" cried the barouet, an angry shade gathering on his face. "Be calm. He is not dead. You saw no ghost you heardno ghost; but you did see your son in the flesh. Now, be calm." "1 am calm. Where is he " demanded Sir Charles,eagerly. " Here I" cried Herbert. And the next mament he was kneeling at his father's bedside. 1 shall not easily forget the glance of hatred George gave me at that moment. As soon as the father and be were calm enough, 1 said: "We had better wind this little matter up no quickly and quietly as possible. Sir Charlea, with vour permission 1 will take a chair. Gentlemen, 1 pray you will be calm and kelp your tempers. R3. member I accuse nobody, and the shorter your au S.ivere are the quicker will this painful Ecnoe be over, First of all, Mr Leeter, howesmo you to bh playing ghost in your own father's house ?" " After 1 was aconced of all sorts of crimes, by the advice lo George, 1 started for Australia. I was bhipwrecked, and having heard that my father lelused his forgiventes, I made my way inland. At last, all other tics boipg broken, 1 determined to return home, face my fate, and prove my innocencoe. 1 communicated with Gcoroe, who told me it was madnesa; that my father had a warrant out against me, and 1 could expect no metoy. Still, 1 returned, and being acquaintedl with a eecret pazsage which led from the old tower in the grounds, I availed myself ef it, determined to diicover what balful in fluenco was at work to keep my father's heart so from me. Knowing the ways of this old house, I was able to glide about like a ghost. At last I was discovered by this gentleman whilst playing my mother's harp." " Great heavens I" murmured Lhe baronet, claep ing his thin hands. " I think most ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," said I, "if people would but set about clearing up the matter coolly. Goon, Mr Herbert-go on, sir." "The dread of being tried for forgery kept me away some time. At last I ventured all. I wished to obtain the forged documentl, prove my inno cence, and then, Isther, humbly crave your mercy. Ot cousreo directly George heard of the ghost, he knew who it wae. He attempted my life in the eo called haunted chamber. 1 was wounded, and by the blood-ms:hs, this genileman traced me to the old lumber.room. My story is told-and, flather, I am here!" I never could do the pathetie businees, and my eyes are not given to welping. but they were dam.u then, und I had a nasty lamp in my throet. At l-st Sir Caurles r-cal~ed his sou, and, turn. ing to (iGOr5e Stinding, aid : SGcr;eorc Sla;ndie, you havo heard all t!at has passed. Can you dniiy itt Nay, do not aiid to your lus y ot.ier orimes that oi lyi,; I I ee thlo lie is in yuur brain audiu your heart, but it e.hkca. e'asn iour lthoat. Cjnflcs all, and I 'ill no uonly e tai raOIdOU OU that Od thaoU not he oubbiheC but sela?. ;jn you a uo"ae' cumlcuute;?y on which you can live abroad, whers your antecedents will be unknown.'. Think ,before you answer-for your ctoie is final." IIe thought for a moment, and then said, sulkily : "1Wll, I ?oferss that I did lay the trap into which' bath Sir Cna?h? and )lerbert fell. The etaek uanswort h the risk, and bold as the game was I pr!yed it. Of eourse I tried to keep Herbert awoy. 1\VYile he was uom?uehere in Mexico, I was a(fe. Fortuoe turned upon me-he camo back. You Lnow the rest." " Abandoued wr;! 0'. otried Sir Charles. "Go I Nevcr mdre enter my perence. Go to your room, and th-re omSmit a full confesioin of your crime to paper. Iy its truthfulness shall I regulate the allowance 1 shall grantc you. Then quit the house for ever. Allemnmunications between us must now be made through moy lawyer. Go !" With a half-dcidant air, the young fellow left the room. d1 oon followed him, deeming it prudent to ledes .?ther and son alone. As 1 softly olosed the door,-1 heard S:r,Charlcs offering up a ferent thauksgiving thus the sea had given up its dead. 