THE BIBLE AND THE CRITICS. The High Church party in England have made a remarkable protest against the teachings of Mr. Gore and the " Lux Mundi " school on Inspiration. The protest takes the form of a " Declaration on the truth of the Holy Scripture," signed by thirty-eight clergymen, includ ing Dean Goulburn, Archdeacon Denison, Dean Payne Smith, &c.; The declaration recites as its justification a number of propositions — 1\. It must be evident to thoughtful persons that there are now current certain impressions that Holy Scripture has been discovered not to be worthy of unquestioning belief ; and the faith of many Christian people is thereby unsettled. 2\. These impressions are manifestly a dis honour to God, as discrediting His faithfulness and truth : and are full of peril to the eternal life of those affected by them, seeing that they undermine all faith in the mystery of Christ, and, indeed, in the supernatural itself. 3\. And, although such impressions might appear to originate in various learned specu lations in theological and physical science, yet they are in great measure derived immediately from the popular literature of the day, and therefore no sustained argument can reach the mass of those affected by them ; even if it were true (which it is not) that the tribunal of human reason, to which such argument must be submitted, had jurisdiction and competency to deliver judgment on the authority of the Holy Bible. 4\. It is, moreover, evident that the effects of these speculations survive and accumulate to the general lowering of tbe popular estima tion of the Holy Bible, though individual speculations may have but a transitory influence, or even be utterly refuted on their own ground. The clergymen singing the declaration say that — Under these circumstances we, the under signed, messengers, watchmen, and stewards of the Lord, who have received , the Holy Ghost to be faithful dispensers of the Word of God, being sorely distressed at these things, and deeply feeling the burden and shame of sitting still, can no longer forbear — (1) to deliver our joint testimony herein before God ; and (2) to attempt, by the only united action in our power, to settle the minds of those to whom our testimony may seem to be of value in a good and comfortable reliance on the absolute truth of the Holy Scripture. We therefore solemnly profess and declare our unfeigned belief in all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, as handed down to us by the undivided Church in the original languages. We believe that they are inspired by tiie Holy Ghost ; that they are what they profess to be ; that they mean what they say ; and that they declare incontrovertibly the actual historical truth in all records, both of past events and of the delivery of predictions to be thereafter fulfilled. They say, in conclusion : " "We earnestly pray that the clergy and laity of the Church of England may never acquiesce in rejecting any portions of the One Volume of God's Revelation, as hard sayings, causing stumbling ; but, on the contrary, may hold fast their confidence in the faithfulness of God, who will not suffer us to be deceived in humbly believing that to which He hath set His seal ; and may wait patiently, knowing only in part, for the time when we shall know even as we are known, and shall be filled unto all the fulness of God." The " Declaration " has awakened a very angry and far- reaching controversy, and the thirty-eight are overwhelmed with a tempest of vehement criticism from every quarter. Yet there can be no room to doubt the sincerity of their motives nor the necessity of some stand being made against the self-styled " Higher criticism," which would reduce Holy Scripture to the condition of a very ragged volume of very doubtful histories. Lord Grimthorpe — always a keen writer — says the aim of the " higher " critics is " to persuade us that our Lord did not know better than Mr. Gore whether David wrote the Psalm which He expressly said he did and he describes his experience listening to "a series of lectures preached under a trust founded by Bishop Warburton, and held by sundry great writers, for ' paving the truth of the Christian religion from the completion of the prophecies of the Old and New Testaments which relate to the Christian Church, and especially to the apostasy of Papal Rome.' " We have beard nothing bat the most oon- fldent assertions that tbe naknowo " higher oritios," inolnding the lectarer himself, have demolished the idea of the Evangelists) and of the founder of the lecture (if that goes for anything with suuh superior persons) that there were any real Messianic prophecies in the Old Testament. We have sat waiting for anything that, even in theology, can be rationally called proof or argument, and we have not yet got beyond the dicta that- such and such things, practically meaning any definite prophecy at all, are too improbable to be seriously entertained ; and, consequently, that the unlearned Evangelists and their Master, who quoted and applied them to Him, were no better than preachers in Hyde Park, or any Stiggins who wants to uttering some thing striking. It is true that he left us after the fonrtb lecture with a promise to inform us next year, or before he has done, what the Ohristiau religion really does depend upon, and why we are to believe anything from such a set of blunderers and pretenders as the writers of the New Testament. And by way of giving a look of authority to all this rubbish when it is published, as the trust directs, it will appear that this pounder, rather than expounder, of prophecy was appointed to enlighten us for three years, and the world afterwards, by the Archbishop of Oanterbury and Lord Selborne, who trusted that he would perform his trust, and had no knowledge of his opinions. "We despair of being able to summarise tbe controversy, spreading through both the secular and religious press of Great Britain, which this Declaration has occasioned. The thirty-eight, it is to be noted, forfeited the sympathy of the Evangelical Churches by offering " the universal testimony of the Chuch " as the ground of their faith in Scripture. We believe the Holy Scriptures, they say, to have this Divine authority on the testimony of the Universal Church . . . the traditionary testimony of the Church. This, of course, puts " the Church " before the Bible, and even makes the Church the foundation of the Bible ! One critic in the Times propounds four questions to the unfortunate thirty-eight : 1\. What is meant by the "Universal Church " ? 2\. At what date did the " Universal Church " first express the opinions above referred to upon the subject? 3\. Where can I obtain or find the earliest specific record of that expression of opinion ? 4\. Where can I now obtain access to " the traditionary testimony of the Church," which records and perpetuates the opinion of the "Universal Church" upon the subject above referred to ? And to these questions there is, of course, an answer. For the rest, the controversy raises the profoundest questions, such as, for example, the degree of knowledge possess ed by the Lord Jesus Christ; how fat His knowledge was affected by human limitations ; did He share the uncritical belief of His age, for example, as to the authorship of certain psalms ? One critic even asks whether the Saviour during His incarnation knew, for example, " the binomial theorem, or the true doctrine as to the procession of the equinoxes"! We give in another column the sub stance of an admirable paper by the Rev. James Stalker on the " Higher Criticism " and its methods ; but on the whole contro versy, as in most of such debates, it will be found, we suspect, that truth lies in the middle. Some good people, no doubt, do claim inspiration for the Bible in a sense which the Bible does not claim for itself. As Dean Goulburn says: The pernicious rationalism of the day, which represents the Bible as the expression of devout human reason, as the product not of God's mind but of man's, and thus degrades this blessed book to the level o£ an ordinary work of piety, is partly owing to the circum- stance of Christians having surrounded the Bible with a superstitious or false reverence, and having made claims for the Bible which the Bible never makes for itself. Very much as the Romanists have deified the bread and wine of the Eucharist, the Protestants have deified the Bible, and have virtually said of it, not " this Book is an unerring guide to a knowledge of God's will, and to the way of salvation," but " this Book is God." " Protestants " of this type, it may be replied, are almost as rare as the dodo. No one who has an adequate knowledge of the literature of the question doubts the varying measures of inspiration which belongs to the different books of the Bible ; and no one who has grasped the argument of Bishop Butler's profound book can fail to see, in the very "diffi culties " of the Bible, a new feature of the analogy which links it to the great scheme of Nature, and proves that Nature and the Bible are the work of one Divine Hand, and devised for one sublime end. Ordinary Christians, however, can gaze with much composure at the battle of the critics over the Bible. The divinity of that book is, for them, a truth verified by experience. They are not concerned about dates and " authors." He who made the human soul inspired the Bible ; and the proof is found in the way in which the soul and the Book answer to each other. This key fits this lock. Every Christian's experience is the attes tation of this ; and while critics, " higher " or lower, turn the Bible into, a battle-field for grammatical and chronological dis- putes, the humble Christian, with better wisdom, is content to find in it a lamp for his feet and a light for his path. For one who is walking through life's darkness in this blessed light, what avails it to dispute over the exact kind of clay used in mak ing the " lamp " which yields a light so divine ?- -Southern Cross. mr. Scbcy9 Calumnies.— Mr. Bobey had the audaoity to tell tbe House that he all along intended to have bis charges against the chief Oommissioner of Railways referred to a Select Oommiltee of the Assembly. He indeed implied that he him self was to be the mover of a resolation to that effect. Bach is this gentleman's idea of perfect fairness. He himself would accord ing te usage be a member of the committee, together probably with others of his nomina tion. He would thus be aoouser and judge. We believe that Mr. Eddy is really making much ado abont nothing. Mr. Schey's charges amount to nothing. Nobody believes them : or fails to condemn the calumniator. However Mr. Eddy is best judge of what is needful in a case in which his probity has been slandered. For ourselves in a like instance we would certainly treat It with the contempt it deserves. What does any one oare for Mr. Schey's recriminations. Conveut Inspection In France.— The Bill on associations pro- mised by the French Government has hesn submitted to the Ohamber, and is of the moat drastic character. Making no distinotion be tween secular and monastic societies, it abolishes the licence now necessary, the only formality being delivery to the magistrates of a copy of tne rules. Societies contrary to law, public order, or morality are prohibited. A society may be dissolved by a police magistrate for any infringement of the law, or by a Government disoree in the case of a society containing a majority of foreigners among its members, or one or more foreigners among its directors, or if it is a branch of a foreign society, or recognises chiefs residing abroad. Members of a society refusing to obey the order of dissolution will be liable to imprisonment for two years. Most of the greater religious orders would thus be liable to dissolution, either as acknowledging foreign chiefs or having foreigners among their directors or a majority of foreign members. Societies can possess only such property as is necessary for the accomplishment of their object, and donations oannot be naade to them, but only to a member personally. Any me mber is entitled at any time to withdraw, and to claim the return of the sums paid by him, even if they have been expended for his own advantage. Oorporate rights can be conferred only by special law. The police are entited to enter any society's premises to ascertain that nothing illegal is being committed. Test tor Bible iu State ScbOOlS. — The Bible in State- schools League has practically tested publio opinion by taking' an actual house to house poll in certain typical districts. A constituency so democratic, for example, as South Melbourne, was selected ; the form of voting paper submitted the question, " Are you in favour of State-school children reading passages of Scripture, from books of Scripture extracts, as part of their school course, the same as in New South Wales?" Nothing could .be plainer than the issue as stated ; the voting was confined to adults over twenty-one years of age, and in South Melbourne 6712 voted " Yes," against 664 " Noes ; " while in Malvern 1966 voted "Yes," against 124 " Noes ! " These results are striking in the highest degree. They prove that when the question of the Bible in schools can be sub mitted to the electors of the colony as a simple and distinct issue, disentangled from party alliances and personal interests, they are, by an absolutely overwhelming majority, in favour of the policy for which the Bible in State-schools League has so long and bravely contended. Secularism in Ohristian Victoria has no living root. It is the craze of an absolutely insignifioant minority. Ohristian people are resolutely bent on replacing the Bible in schools, because they believe this to be the will of God. But we shall live to see the day when the " reddest " of radicals will be shouting for the same object when they suddenly awaken to the discovery that it is also the will of the people. Tlie Orangemen and Mr. Balfour. — The Dublin Express publishes tbe addreas to be presented by the Grand Orange Lodge of Belfast to Mr. Balfour on his approaching visit. The address contains the following " The charge of bigotry and bitterness of feeling towards our Roman Oatholio fellow countryman has frequently been directed against Orangemen, and per haps we cannot better repel the reproach than by assuring you that no part of her Majesty's Government's policy afforded to us more entire satisfaction than the remedial and charitable movements which you successfully initiated and carried through, thoiigh the vast majority of those who derive direct benefit from those movements are opposed to us in religion and politics. We scarcely need , add that the policy of Home Rule will receive our continued opposition. Any statement to the efftjct that the Orangemen are now prepared to accept Home Rule is foolish and utterly unfounded. Our feelings in respect to that policy remain unohangcd, except in so far as they have become intensified and more deeply rooted by the exceptional opportunities we have had lately of more fully acquainting ourselves with the character of the advocates of Home Rule. If asked to transfer pur allegiance to a separate Irish Oonatitutioiij we should moat certainly claim our right to refuse our assent. With reference to lutur legielation for Ireland, wo reoogniee very fully the equity of beetowlDg upon this part of the United Kingdom such privileges and powers of local government as have already been conferred upon England and Scotland ; but we are, at the same time, very conscious of the great necessity of providing against any misuse of local government by a sectarian and disloyal spirit, such as, unfortunately, has too much prevailed in local ifEairs in Ireland, to the great hindrance of the public good." Five Suicides In one Con- went — " Sevillano " writes to us : — " The widespread appeal for Government Inspection of Conventual Institntions is happily becom- iug one of the burning questions of the day. The Church of Borne is erecting religious houses, or rather prisons, in many paits of England, in which thousands of our country women are under priestly lock and key. Bomish priests naturally resent this demand as an encroachment upon their religious liberties, which means that by virtue of their priestly ofBce they have a right to inveigle misguided women into taking vows, from the con sequences of which there is no possibility of escape. \7ho hiiorrs what appalling miseries are daily endured by helpless wcmcn debarred from speaking to any man but a pricsf, who are also under the close surveil- Unce of heartless members of their own sex, and who may implore in vain for freedom ? To say that crimes are not perpetrated in con vents is to ignore indisputable facts. The Lisbon Convent horrors are still fresh in the public mind, atd I would now draw attention to the terrible snicide of a young lady, an cducandu or inmate student, who is said to havei flung herself from the window of a convent of the Adoratriccs in the city of Barcelona. This makes the fifth suicide which has occurrtd in this convent alone within a short period, and the Barcelonese are naturally greatly exercised at such a frightful loss of life. The Spanish paper El Liberal thus refers to the event. Dolores Paredes was a native of Malaga, twenty-two years of age, and of an exceedingly amiable disposition. She always seemed sad. When asked the cause of her unhappiness, a melancholy smile would flit over her counten ance, and she would endeavour to dissipate the impression her questioners entertained. She was submissive, obedient, and very studious, and, it is said, had quite won the affection of the nuns and the novices. In the neighbourhood it is reported that thelnqaiei- tion is regularly eBtabliehed in tho convent, and people freely talk of the illtreatmeut to which the novices are snbjected. It should he mentioned that four other similar mysterious events have occurred within a short time in this particular Convent of the Adoratrices, and that no light has ever been shed upon any one of them." In Spain priests have power to hush up such matters, and it is probable the public Press of that country will not further refer to the event ; but English newspapers ongbt to let the public know what is going on in the Boman Catholic convents abroad, and warn our countrymen of the fate impending over thousands of women in onr midst. Tlie Order of tlie Jesuits.— The Boman correapondent of the Temps sends, in view of the forthcoming election of a successor to Father Anderledy, a new general, or " Black Pope," as he is called in Borne, some particulars with regard to the Order of the Jesuits, which at the present time numbers 12,947 members. They are divided into five " groups," which are them selves sub- divided into provinces. The Italian group is composed of the provinces of Borne 397, Naples 312, Sicily 247, Turin 453, Venice 355, making a total of 1,764 ; while in Prance, where there are 2,863 Jesuits, or moie than in any other country, there are the provinces of the lie de France 886, Lyons 777, Toulouse 662, and Champagne 538. The "German " group comprises the provinces of Germany 1,009, Belgium 935, Austria- Hungary 642, Holland 450, and Galicia 374, making a total of 3,470 ; while the Spanish group comprises the provinces of Arsgon 945, Castile 869, Toledo 428, Poitugal 205, and Mexico 123. Tho seven English provinces arc England 585, Maryland 564, Missouri 403, Ireland 267, Canada 240, Now Orleans 195, and Zambesi '53, making 2,807 in all, all tho above pruvinoes having certain missions in foreign countries. For the election of their genetal each province sends two depnties, who, in conjunction with the heads of each group and province (who are styled assistants select not only the general, ate socius, or admonitor. The general is aided m his.administration by a Curia, which IB at present oompcsed of thirteen Jesuit priests and ten coad jutors or . lay brothers. Iho last two or thieo generals have, since became tho capital of Italy, and the celebrated Gesu monastery, from which the order founded by Ignatius Loyola derived its token over by tho Government, resided at Fiesole, near Florence. Cbanging Heatbeu Gods Into opi8b Saiuts. — A very remarkable Mecdote in tbe Boman Catbolio Weehhj Jiegisfer, of January 9th, is taken from the Volume of " Archbishop Ullathorne's Letters," now m the press. ' authentic anecdote," saya tho WeeMg Register, " often related by Dr. uiiatborne, connected with some of the architectaral adornmenta of Prior Park a «oman Catholic College near Bath, which is 00 amusing to be pasted over. The original nf 41. placed a series of stone ststnes J pagan gods over the corridors that min? 1 . ®®namnnication between the tral mansion and the wings. Bishop aaines called in an artist, who, with the help canvas and plaster, transformed these figures into representations of Baiuts, .which were:rangrd on the two sides of the broad flight of steps leading np to the chief en trance; Thus Jupiter . was changed to St. Peter in cope and tiara, whilst Hercules did duty for Kt. Gregory the Great. There is a tradition that storms of rain made sad havoc of ihsse transformations, revealing the stone gods nnderneath. Horrified at these exhibi tions, Dr. Geutili, who resided at one time as ProfesBor at Prior Park, resolved to poll them down. He procured a long rope, tied it round the neck of Jupiter, and got a number of the College boys to lay hold of tho other end. When all was irsdy ho called to tho boys, 'Now when I ssy the third time, "Come down, you great vionstere" (speaking in his broken Euglish), all pull together.' He had said it once, when, hearing the shout, the Bishop threw up a window, and put a stop, to the contemplated demolition." Something of this kind has token place oven in Bome itielf, under the eyes of the Popes. See "Middleton's Letter from Bome." And, after all, what is Popery itself but a kind of baptised Fagsnism ? Tlie " Holy Coal " of Treves Fraud. — The Kladderaclaiscli,i'bo German Punch, recently publlehed a number of saiirical articles and illustrations npon the exhibition last summer of the Holy Coat at Treves, and, in ooneiquence, was prosecuted for bringing into ridicule an institution of the Catholic religion. One article professed to report incidents of the pilgrimages. Among other things, it was related that the pilgrims entered the town singing an old siudents' song, and the writer stated that in Treves nnmeroos booths bad been put up in which fat ladies, mermaids, dwarfs, albinos, electrical girls, two-headed calves, and other wonders were to be seen. The hawking of sausages had assumed such dimensions, according to the Kladderadaisch, that the hoise trade in the provincee seemed to be endangered by it. Five hundred and eighty- one crutchee had been left behind at the inns of the town so that it might be seen that cures tad been effected. A great sensation was caused by a blind man who carried a lamo one on his back, and in this manner made the pilgrimage to see the Coat. After some drinking they get mixed up, and the lame man was seen carrying the blind one as far as the next public- house. In a second article the exhibition of the! "Holy Coat" was called pure humbug, which the weak- minded Catholics ebould see in order to comprehend. Tbe sketches under the.4itle "The Great Blockhead Swindle " professed to deecribe the arrival of tho pilgrims at Treves, how tbry were fleeced there, and then dis- misaed with a blessing. The counsel for tho defendants declared in hie speech that veneration for the Holy Coat wi-8 not cn mstitulion of the Catholic Church, and that many Catholics and Catholic priests themselves were of the aame opinion. The , controversy on the authencity of the coat was hundreds of years old, and Martin Lnther bad called the exhibition a swindle at the Devil's Fair. The defendants did not intend to ridicule the veneration of relics in general, hut to expose the charlatanism and fraud which attended tho exhibition at Treves. Tho Court finally took this view of the case, and defendants were acquitted. "It is aig- nifioant," writes the Berlin correBpondent of the Daih/ News, " of the way in which the political current is at present running in this country that the Public Prosecutor moved in the case at all." Tlie Inspection of Convents. —At a General Meeting of the Middlesex Magistrates, October 28th, 1880, Captain Morley in the chair, Lord B. Churchill drew tbe attention of the conrt to a newspaper report of the proceedings in oonneotfon with the Dpeuing of a Carmelite convent at Ful- ham, tho week previous, in which it was stated that ' Father Felix, a Maltese Carmelite, wearing the ' habit ' of the order, preached, and said that at last the labours of the cum- munity had been crowned with success, and they now had a shelter. At the conclusion of tho mass, the bishop and clergy, followed by the whole congregation, entered the convent in proceEBion, and consecrated the various roouas and cells which will be occupied by thi? uuDB, who will here be completely shut out from the world, even from the sight of their own relatives,' Lord B, Churchill put the following qufcEtions to tho Clerk of the Peacb-1; Whether Monastic or Conventual' institutions arc licensed or inspected by any public authority ? 2. Whether a register of such institutions is open to public inspection ? 3\. Whether an inquest has ever been held upon the body of an inmate of such institu-. lion ? and 4. Whether tho pnblio authorities have ever received notice that the inmates of snch institutions are iosano ? Mr. Nicbolson, the Clerk of the Peace, having answered oil these qaestions in the negative, Lord B. Ohnrchill gave notice that on the next county day he wonld move, ' That a memorial be presented to the Secre tary of State for tho Homo Department, calling attention to the existence of inetltu- tions in which persons are incarcerated and prevented from holding communication with the outer world, and intimatiug the opinion of the Court that institutions of this character should be subject to inspection by some pnblio authority,' Mr, Percy MItford said this was a matter with which the Court had nothing to do, and moved that the notice of motion bo not received. On a division the motion was negatived, and tbe notice of motion stands for disonssion on the next connty day. Subsequently Lord Chnrchill BBOceeded.— NtoTirfanf, November 26th, 1880. Bewman v Newman.— A statue of Cardinal Newman is to be erectod Jn I Oxford, and such eminent Protestants as D.'. Dale and Dr. Allen have contributed towards its cost. A writer -in the London Times some what wickedly suggests , inscriptions for the four sides of the base of the statue, taken from Newmon's writings, while yet a good Anglican. Here are samples i-r 1\. "The Church of Bome apostatised at Trent. . . . I consider the Tridentine Articles of the Bomanista unchristian." 2\. " Till Bome moves towards us, it is quite impossible we should move towards Bome." 3\. "I conceive that while Bome confirmB by her aocordant witness car own teaching in all greater things, she does not tend by her novelties and threats to disturb the praotical certainty of Catholic doctrine or to seduce from us any sober and conscientious in quirer." 4\. " No man can justly blame me for hououring my spiritual mother, the Church of England, in whose bosom I was conceived, at whose breasts I was nourished and in whose bosom I hope to die." The writer in the Times protests against the statue, on the ground that "There is admiration with is akin to idolatry, and there is toleration which is traitor to troth." Cardinal Newman, however, is justly enough entitled ta bis statue, only not qud Oardinol. He was great, net because of his Bomanism, but in spite of it. So far the Southern Cross whose last srntence we would amend into " He would have been great but that the necessities of his false position drove him to mean sophistry to palliate double dealing. 