CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. There was a good congregation at St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, on Sunday morning, when the Rev. C. Bice, of the Melanesian Mission, delivered a sermon from the first and second verses of the 67th Psalm, "God be merciful unto us, and bless us, and cause His face to shine upon us; that Thy way may be known upon earth, Thy saving health among all nations." During his discourse Mr Bice said that had that psalm been written in the present century it would be looked upon as the greatest church song that is sung. Whoever the writer of that psalm was, Mr. Bice thought that he must have been keenly alive to God's mercies and blessings, and furthermore was so enraptured with them that it was his desire that all nations should be familiar with them. There were two lessons or thoughts in the text which he (Mr. Bice) considered stood out very prominently, and the first was "gratitude."' . Some people had said that the spirit of gratitude is dying out of this world. He did not think so. What with the glorious things of nature around us, the grand hospitals provided for the sick, and other institutions for the social and moral wel- fare of the people, he did not think a true Christian could approach Christ, who provided all things good for us, without a feeling of gratitude for these temporal blessings. Apart from temporal blessings there was a great spiritual mercy for which we should all be very grateful, namely, the gifts by God of His Only- begotten Son, and this among the innumerable other spiritual blessings was pre-eminent. The second thought which was suggested by the text was that of "love. " Everybody knew what it was to be in love with some person. A deep and genuine love for another person would prompt some of us to do some things regardless of consequences, to dare and to die. People are always very pleased to hear good things said of those whom the loved, and this earthly spirit of affection should have the same relationship to God. When we review the privileges so abundantly showered down upon us from on high we ought to recognise them much more readily than temporal blessings The spirit of love thus promoted would give us the one de- sire in life —that all nations should know Christ's saving health. When we have spoken well of Christ and done our best to further the interest of His cause then will be added a blessing which will more than repay any efforts on His behalf. In speaking about the Melanesian Mission Mr. Bice stated that it was a f act to be regretted that the Church iv England did not support the mitvion in tbe many ways that it might The work which was now being carried on amongst these kana kas, and which was etarted by Bi hop Selwyn, had done so much for the natives both socially and morally that in looking back on the 25 yearn be had spent in the islands he could hardly imagine th —a to l**- ur.-cupied by the same race of people. Mr. li'o* gave tome in ten-sting accounts of the changes whie.li Chris tianity had wrought in the lives ot r-ouie of the natives, many of whom are now engaged in furthering the cause of the mission It-- asked them to pray for the cause of the —Lei—nesian Mission, aud enlist tbe sympathy of others, i-eniemb-rrtng that they were all working for a oomra.m ML—ster. In tbe afternoon Mr. Bice hart the attention of the Sunday school chil dren whom he addressed. At both services offertortea were taken up on behalf of the mission. Two more societies of Christian Endeavor have been formed in the Glenelg Wn-leyau circuit—tine at Marion ou Thursday, October 13, when a social tea vv held, and addresses on the salient point-, of the Christian Eudeavor movement were given by the Rev. A. Stubbs and Mes>rs Atter<—l, Parsons, and f-peix-er; the ocher ac Sl. —«ouards on _ae-d*y. O-tober IS, where a social tea waa also he'd, and aildresse? were eiveu by th« Rev A Stubb* and Mpksi--. Priest, Barrett. Bolton, and a -routltr "' Endeavor*-r " —aeb of the four churches whinh constitute the circuit hss now a Christian Endeavor -"Society to represent it. The sacr.d c—itat— "Glad Tidings" wan repeated on Sunday afternoon in Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert street, to a gtod cung—jgati.tn- The solos were ably rendered br ihe following: -Me.-dnmt-? Gartrell and Hilton, Mi.-s«-s Edwards, Prwton. Giles, aud White. ?n<l Me-*is-. Gartr--ll and H Elwards. Mr. Lewi* omdti—ed, Mr. Broadbent pre i-ided at the organ, and Mr. li. H. Davis leJ th w otehesM-ii l'h" rxuineetive readings Were given by the R--v. J. B. *stepheuson. The Fi'ri-.-s tA pleasant S'Jinl.y aftern'ton nieetiucs in counectiun with the North Ade laide C^D^tvj'ational Church was con'inner* yesterdiy, and the pnx—i-dinga were under the direction of the teui-ietance soi-iety. Messrs T. If Jones and J. Lrawton contributed musiual seleetiot—, aud tbe gather:ing was alto-rethr-r of an in'-;t-—ting character. The il-v. H. T. Hol.johns, of Sydney, anting as a deputation ou behalf of the liritish and Foreign Bible Society's Deputation, preached at the North Ad- laide Coiif-re c ktinnai Church on Sunday tuoniiug, tuking foi :is text .Ir-hu xx., Verr*-s 30 and 31, •- 3l.i'.y olh t sigDS trietviore Old -Jesus in the presence I o the <Jt. citile; M-iiich are not ivrittea in this bonk, but th-. * a:-o writ.eu th?t ye may believe th^t Jesus is the Christ, Son of God ; aad that lv-lisving ye may have life in his name *' He alluded to the progr_s of Christianity from the time of the writing 0 f the g'-sjft-i of St John to the year ir!"2. when the London _ible Society was founded, and also to the strries that had been made in reliciotis movements from that date till the prevent time. At the Port Adelaide Coneiegational Church on Sunday evening tho Rev. B_ S. Caneiy preaohed to a lai)-e vongiT-S-tion oa " Tenuy soa's poerry in relation t ■ Christ and religion." He introdu—-d his remarks by nayiug that God soenks in a thousand ways to tn_ikind. and tbat TeliU) sou's poetry had not been among the least considerable means by which God had ej-ercis<-d HU indur-uue during the present gr_—_tion. Anion-;--: En_iaud s noblest poets they must jila.-e S|>eucer, Shakespeare, and Milton, la'.-.iltlr names, while amongst those a-hose pyetry was di_tac-Uy rr-iit-ious tbey thought at unee of such nam— as Wesley, Watts, aud Jliss Havergi'.L la bymn -Titi-iir Tennyson was excelled by others, yet in m-iny ways his p_ttry h—d intlaenced the religious though— of men He left an impression on the minds of others that he was • t„-ntiatiy a r_igious poet, for no fewnr than 300 S_ iptural texta were to be found in his writings. The teachings of __iny_.-n Wf-r,- cla—ihed si _ to show his views resptc£ing man's immortality, the nature and consequeuct_ of sin, the duty of prayer, the folly of ne-deuting epirii—al concerns, aad the need of striving to make tbe morrows oi life better for tbo?e around us tba— the yesterday had been. The preacher gave numerous quotations to illustrate th_o points Tennyson m his writings taught that life would be of no value if ie ended in death; that tho=e wbo die are not dead bnt live, as in another world we gain immortality. lie emphasised Tennyson's hate of sin. Sin was not restricted by him to narrow linitte; he showed that it pawed on from one individual to another, aud that Uie sin of one man could bring about the fall of a race. If sir. leads to eorrow and death ho* I—antit'ol was purity. The preacher tds'i quoted Tennv6in with regard to his belief in prayer, _ and referred to where he says tt_tu,ure thiols are wrought by prayer tha-tbis world dn an—of. lie concluded by n-lating the circumstances attending Tenny son's death. Tbe ttonthly executive mt_ting of the South At—tralian Ctiriet_n j_-iQ<—vor Union waa held on Friday evening. A request was read that a •' sunrise prayer meeting" ouee a w«-ek, similar to those buid at the late convection, be insti tuted. The following societies were passed:— Mount B.ukfcr BaptUt and Narrat— orte Wes ley—— A report was received from a sub oommittee appoiuted to iDterview Dr. Clark in relation to junior and senior societies, and also oue from ihe literature committee. A noiuin—ing commit-ea was appointed for tbe elections to *__- place in November. The date of tbe annual meet—ig waa tixed. The ad visability of having d-trict or local unions, under tne auspices of the SA. Christian Endeavor Union, was di-eussed and a sub committee ci lion to deal witb the matter. I—esei-s. T. If. Su__t_i and Fcnnell were api—inted auditore. On Sunday tbe anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist Chur_i, Xtrompton P_r)t, were repeat>.-d. the pr-eaehera being Mr. P. Sandery, die Rev. A W. W<_lingtou, and Mr. Fennel). Special seleetiuns of mu⁣ and a number of rei-it—tiona were given by the chil dren. Mr. E. Jacka was tho mu-rical director, and Mrs. Hammond presided as the organ. There was a good attendan —. On Sunday afternoon the service of song "Daybreak in lb-then Darkness" was re •vested m the C-nondown Baptist Church undr—-the direction of Mr. A. James. Miss F. Harrison presided at the organ. The con nective readings were given by the Rev. J. NancatTO-v. On Sunday morning the R_v. J. Ni_io_on *poke in the Brompton Wesleyan Choreh on Sabbath ob?—-vanc-e, and said the fialib-th was part of tiie counsi— of Gt-r|, aud there were s-h—i_ n—sorji, v.hy he should sp-_k on it theo. The Broken liill strike ftad _,-i-n <ie_-rr*-l on a Sabbath, and -.be—ly two mass tiie-ungs on Sunday had bc-eu held by the Trades and Labjr CouneU in Adelaido to prou-ote the btrike on the s_-red day, and a tuird was to be held in the loe_ity that diiy. This w_r a serious dep—r—tre from the resp-uciril revtitntii«.,.w_yiuwhii;litheSibt_[hw_sasi_.liy sjx-tit in - ulh Australia, besides Iving iv his judgment v _-lde of tlie Oiviue la«-. The prophet <-tit(iLiined " Ye have --oue away from mine ordinances, and have not kept them," and then proceeded to declare, in God's Dame, " Ye are cursed with a c_iw, for ye have robbed Me; even this whole vat: )U." "It w_ > peiilous to rob God of Mis day and tram>ile on divine obligations. It was doubifui wisdom for working men tn trifle with tihi* p-nrl «-* days.. Thedeiuaud for pleau ues and -r-<.-idar iiit-agr-ment*entailed labjr on those who had to serve the pleasure-eeekiug public America iv a weak moment had yielded too much, and thti-e were one and a half millions who had to -rV—k on the _abhat_, _nd the aid of Coosreim had to be nought to secure a Sunday liast Bill. iV'i less than IS", millions ol signatures were attached to a petition in favor oi this measure, aud the Knightsoi Labor were loreiuost to feel the deprivation, and were earnest IU aiding the chuich.-s in applying the remedy. Ho h i|«d Ausnr.ili—l labor organisations would profit by tiie exit—'ieni— nf oMit-rs. Tne true in-]— ot the labor party was in the essential •<-_ty of its demands as they accorded with Divine law. To trample uuon Divine laws would alienate God and GudV {-eople frcm their cause, and this was a luss they bad no right to sustain. If God aud God's Cuuich were taken out of any move meut there would not be much left in it to permanently sustain public sentiment, or much worth preserving in it The Sabbath was made by God and not man, aud for man and not merely a section of humanity. It was originated at the —use of primal creation; traces of it were found on Assyrian tablr-i— 4,0n0 years old, and it was never lust to the race. Christ while rebuking the literal restrictiuns of the Jewish rabbis gave it the sanction of precept and example as an imperative ordinance. No trace of abrogation could he found, but mere —banges of cir cumstantials th?t did not affect the Sal——th principle of a seventh of time being devoted to God. Instances were detailed ol the disasters that came from experiments in Sabbath abrogation, from the Trench Reign of Terror and niore luoderu France, where Suu day work and pleasure were customary. Wheu the Wesleyan Church was uail-i in Paris the trustees had to put in the specifications a con diti—i fot-bicdii-g any av.-k t.y b? done on Sundays during its erection, for without =iich a prohibitum tbe usual Sunday labor would have taken place. Shopi, theatres, and tradin-; pines were opeu in Paris, an.l tbe places of pleasure were not attended largely by the wot—int? classe*. for Hiey -—?-. too tirtvi. only returning from woik in the evening. Engl—b wot —wen woo helped Iv tb< interuauoual e-cbiuitionr had giveu convincing testimony against Sunday labor. Oue —lid he bad agreed for one whole Sunday and two half Saudays a month, but the principals hud told him "he must not skulk away his Sundays, but work like other bouest men " Another recovering from illness said—"lvi broken down, t was well enough at home, but this constant work woutd kill a hon-e." Another blacksmith said—"l have had my dose. At home I attended meetings of the Sunday League aod subscribed, but lam cured. I have worked now for IC Sundays running, and it appears to be one long work day. And it's no good, and the governor does nut profit, as I have no mettle in me and do less work every day. As for the extra money, it is no good, as I spend more for food and stimulants tc keep me up at ail, and I always teei tired and careless how it goes." Another eaid—"l served in a city house where £ had my Sunday, but in an evil hour I consented to come lieie as I wanted to see tbe Contiuent Hut little have I seen, as it is work, work, work, nothing but work ! Sunday is a, terrible day." Some time ago a large English firm of ironfouuders announced to their woiktuen that they c.iuld no lot—er compete with Continent—l workmen tiuie-M they worked part of Sunday too. But the English workmen to the numb—' of 7<-0 took up their jacket* and said they would rather give np their _tuatiutt than do it. The spirit of Sabb?th observance should bo one of gladness and tn-ai.-e. He had uo sympathy with tl—l morose representations of Sabbath eniraf-i-ments that were B?mettu-e* f-iven. The Sabbath was a deligot and honorable, —id was one of tbe bulwarks of national righteousne_s and needed to be maintained in its lutegritv. On October 23 Cbaltuera Church had a " Floar-r" Sauday In the morning the pa*-tor (Rev 1> Pat.m. 0.V.1 prr-eiied uu Uie words of Christ. "Consider the lilies of the field " The Great Teacher's f an.tliarity with nature wa* first dealt with in virtue ol Bis being au ardent stu-lent. a k*-t— observer, and a loving —dm—er of all her phenomena. It was but natural, therefore, that He should enforce His own example npon others, especially for purpo-es of faith and obedience The flowers were shown to be superior to man in the beauty of t.Qeir tonn, the brightness of their huun, tiie delicacy of their texture, _c But the supe riority of man appeared in his being able to adniire the lily and to *" rise from nature up to nature's God," to manipulate tbe materials of uature for ttecuiing his own clothing, to insure for himself an endless development in wcll -lieing aud welldoing, and to trust and love and serve both God and man. I—.ruby's anthe 11 —'• How manifold are Thy works, in wisdom hast Thou mtuietheuiu—," was well sung by the choir iudepeuiderjitly of the appropriate, hymns sung by the large couPrezation. About 21*0 children at—tr— ibletj in the afternoon for the Sunday-—hool service. The church wag deco ntttd with -—eat taste for the day and tb c occa sion Hal i-a-duz":n bright hymns were heartily rendered by the members of the school, whose numtiers were augmented by the preseuo? trf the affiliated school from Parkside, under Miss Nivens cam and management The Hou. Dr. Campbuil f-ave an address in two parts on " Flowers," in which he eouzht to impress- the minds of the children wicli the idea that every flower, be its shape or color what it may, is the expression of a divine thought, and therefore to that extent a dis closure of the divine nature. Between the first and second part of tiie address _lis* Jessie Galbf—ith —ing with great expression and effect Glover's solo *"Consider the liii_." Iv ?be evening the pulpit was again occupied tiy Dr. Paton, who dj-eoui*ed on tile identity of motive in tbe Divine Boiug that led to the work of creation and that of redemption. The unity of God nt—es—cates the existence in Him not only of one universal p—rprise, but one underlying spirit in all the fieldsof ills activity. Woodward's tine antbem "The radiant morn has passed away," was splendidly suu-; by the choir. Mr. T. X. Stephens acting as conductor aud Mr L \\__tn as organic- On Sunday aftomuon his Graoa the Arch bishop of AdeJ__e administrated the sacra ment of <—-—--—atiou to 200 candidates in St Francis Xaviers Catned ral. In the sanctuary were present the S_ vs. P. Hurley, PheJan. Cos crave, McMahon, Duheny, and MoKvoy. Long heforo 2 o'clock the cathedral was crowded by the faithful who hud come to witness the solemn and impressive ceremonial and administration of the h-ily sacrament. When his Grace arrived at the lady altar, whi—l was beautifully decorated, the chil dren aided by tbi-,:r teachers and mem bers of St. Francis _"?vi—•'„ Cathedral choir sang the beautiful hymn to the Holy Ghost At the conclusion of the hymn his Grace addressed the candidates on the nature and effects of tbe sacrament about to be ad tninstertd. He next administered the sacra ment of confirmation to each of the candidates kneeling at the altar rails. Mr. C. W. James and Mrs Dr. O'Connall acted as godfather and godmother. Ait,— the conhrmatioa his Grace again addressedltde newly-confirmed on tbeobli g_tioasnaw i_porfd upon them byshereoepaon of this saerimeut, exhorting them tn persevere faithfully to tbe end. He warned them of the dangers to which they would be exposed later on, warning them especially against the degrading vice of inf_ i|ieraracel. To Eave them from this latter vice he asked tbeui if ?.hey wished to join the League of the Cross, to which they heartily responded. All joined it until they wonul complete tbeir twenty-first year. Tbis solemn ceremomal was concluded by the singing of " Faith of our Fat—era." Tht annual service in connection with the Chur hof K-igl—id *—inriay-KCho— Union was held in St. Peter's Cathedral oa Sunday after noon, when about SOO children over tbe age of 10 yearn—children under this ace not being admitted on account of the limited space of the building—were pro bent. Several hymns were sung by the children, and valuable assistance was given by an efficient choir from t—e Collegiate School of St. Peter. Bishop Ke—uion delivered an address uuder the headings, "G*i,'"' -The Church," "The homes," and "The coonti-y." He pointed out how the service of God led to the further per formance of Church duties, and said tbe real success of the nation depended upon the love which people had for their homes. If the service of God, the work of tho Church, and the love of the homes were attended to, then tbe state of the cou_ try would bo one of lasting prosperity. He ex pres-—1 satisfaction at seeing bo many more elder boys and Kit-Is present that ai tentoon thau there were among tbt.sechildren who attended IrfSt y_u-'s s_'VICB He tbaoked the children for their coutt-ibutious towsrds the goldeu offerinir in connection with the cathedral, and tbe choir of fat. Peter's College lor their at tendant—, At St. Andrew's Church 'Wakefield -street, on Sunday evening, before a large congrega tion, the Itev. J. T. Robertson it—tured on "The poet's service to the world; ■_gge——d by_ the death of Tennyson." The lecturer eaid the poetic instinct vr_« in al! nations and in all individuals. Poetly was nut a dead tiling, and did not beluug to external nature, but to God and to muo. Everywhere in extern— nature were the matecixls for the t_—l to tra_sfo—u into poetry, and the grandest objects of __se and thought wer.' comnion to all climates aud civilisations. The sky, the waters, ehe storm, life, death, tbe vi—on -md hope of eternity, the images that wr.ito tlieuist-lv. a in poatry. The wash of tbe waves, the snuud <tf Uie sea, the ri*£,i.!u aud n:oau or the fur.-st, the .Miug ol happy birds, _rjd tbe hum of buy .-u-ria 1 lile all .'tpp—iled to man's, hea 11 to use as svtubals of deliuir^j form au.i ui.«i-i:i,r, ■-?'i to _*.kn the Ijrjrfec t iariiju^yL. Nt iiuuiau tii.juebt aud f.-<-iiii ; ; Ttutra wtut 'oiii„hing in our !ii:'n..u mi.urw 1 sseutiaily poetir—l. Tbe woilri's e—tiir-sc lite—tture wt— i_e lice-_ -ture of cc.tig, aud tbe world's permanent literature was alto tiie literature of song. The earliest si—cm— of purely lyrical poetry whir-h wo possessed stal rb>- sonr* nf Moses on the overthrow oi i'baraoli in the Bert ___ It ?ai t'.o itt-—i-_t ode to liberty that was ever sung, because the 1: .mage was rentlevt-ci no: tn soue ideal spirit of Mmrty, but as a thanksgiving to 'liit wii.,is the Oiit- ot:!;. i^rfei o; ?iott>iv~nd ol I—x-do:_ 'fhiy had a piem-ict tittle i-ri;-r?l 5.,.,.v ... ; t | lb dir-irintr ol the. w.-ll iv 'iv, .il..ii? <.f '>!..>'.._ -~„<< brifbt _rtd ?|>—ckliug in v?_j _j the w'a.—rsl of tlto wo_ _rwii. The _rca«i era _f: poetry began with David, who played on the harp and danced to his own eoogj-. He and tbe other poets of Israel were set as great teaohers chosen of God to utter the fearing* aud hopes of men's heat—, whilst at the same time in their pietry the character and lift: of th* ace waa portrayed. There was one great function and t—-vice of |Miotry. It recorded the history and pictured tbe inner life, and from the songs _of a oountry —one tbey could gather its his tory. Touching upon more modern poetry he a«ked what hunt bad been thrown npon history by tbe Jacobite rones and ballads? _urns's songn were a jierfect and permanent history ot homely and rural life in Scotland. In Uie Christian en and in all Christian——' sthe literature that lived was not legislative, political, scientific, or philosophical, but poetic. On the heights of human influence stood the figures of Milton, Shakes |ieai-e, Wordsworth, _c Alfred Tennyson had sung for t>2 years, and for 40 years it had been owned without a murmur ot dissent that be was a true poet in vision, m music, and deptb of feel - ing, and that be reflected the spirit of tbe age Ue was far from pessimistic He was an op timistintbe true sense. Hih greatest charac teristic was his ethical conttt-ptiou of hurnaul life, and for bis portraiture of which he moved and won the attention of tbe cultured people by the form of bis speech, which was marked by extraordinary beauty—a beauty that was almost divine, and made bim eland solitary among The world's poets. Sir. W. A Kmiiliwell (|H.t— g-neral secretary of lh- V.M.C A , Mr-lhourne) delivered au address, " Life lost:_d life won —a Itiblestudy in r"a" life," bc-foro a good attendance at the V.M..0.A. Koodjf, Gawir r-pl-—o, on -junday *fternoon. He 1.-"!-^ his remarks on the •'story of Saul, the lirst king of Israel, and Saul ol Tarsus He rend pa?s«ges iilus tr.itin--' lh- main iut-idents in tbe life of ia-h, and from these it was shown bow the first mentiottcd hod missed his mark by following his own will rather that of God, ■"bile the latter br giving no present prospects for future hope had made his life second only to that of Jesus Cbriit. The services at Wellington-square on Sun day were very largely attended, it being the first anniversary of the death of the late pastor Hugh Gilmore. The •_rvir-es partook of the character of a memorial. Th-t church war, mo-t liemitifully and chastely decorated with flowers and wreaths, a specially fine wreath aud a harp with broken strings being placed on the mural tablet dedicated to Mr. Gil ■note's memory. A large life-like por trait of tbe deceased gentleman also occupied a conspicuous place above tbe platform. Thn Rev J. Day Thompson's sermons bore special reference to the occasion. In the morning he tm _r-hed from the call of Moses, and _u<t he •ound in it much that wan suggestive of his friend's career. The call to Moses came ch-ough his intense sympathy with his people ill their oppression and misery. Tbe tact of their sufferinir appealed to a thonehttul mind and toa sensitive heart Hugh Gilmnre's rjif fen-nee from many people who looked at the same facta of human sorrow as be saw lay in his thouglitf illness and sen ihility To see was one thing; to be stirred tv help was —nother. So wtth Abraham Lincoln and theslavea in America; Lord Shaftesbury and the poor little children and oppressed working women :n England; General Booth and the sub merged tmh Moses could not live at the t-ourtwhilehis brethren toiled at tbe brick kilns. He was drawn irresistibly to look on them, and havini; seen their wrongs he «ay? hir—-elf to save them He brooded lon* in solitude over the call; it came to him eeemderi by deep religious feeling, and by tbe thoneht of his (treat ancestry. The burning bnsh was hut the symbol of thn burning p-u-nn that filied the heart of Moses to free hia kindred from the vokn of the despot. Tbe voice of the Lord called to bim out of the midst of the bush, because that voice wan alreaiy p-aJing in his heart.. Every trne helper of humanity, like Hngh Gilmore, had his borniog bu-h. and his call coming ont of it to high and courageous service. Ah to Mo=«s there might come, and rber* did <-otne in J—(ft c-n> of all workers, opposing considera tions to be fought down, sui* ns> - are these neople worth sacrificing so much for? Are there not strong family —aims pressing npon me? Does not a life of _ii-e, luxury, and litr- raryenjoj-rni—tliebefornmo invitingly? Am I fit to undertake this work? Though obedieno* to tbe call would entail toil and tax oatience. honor and f-nccesn would be the Beqne— Kot periia-js irumediate or imq-i—ifiwi *«•—<-!. Moses died ou Nebu—'On diis wide .Tord—n'e wave." He bad to hand on hi- work tn another. Hngh Gilmore died in his primp— "His eye was not dim nor his natural force abated"—bnt though he pa«sed away before attainine half he -a-isbed, he did not die hnt-elet-s of the issue. He endured as sepintr Him who is invisi Me, and died in foil faith of the better future for the humanity he loved. Tbe sermon in tne even ing waa based on tbefongof Simeon over the infant Cbrist—the swan song, as the preacher called it—suujt in immediate anticipation of death Analysing tbe character of '"the old man eloquent" in connection with his beantiful psalm. Kir. Thompson found in it much the same features as marked the eloquent preacher tt-hr?w departure wkm Buch a loss to the com munity. In both there was a broad, maulv. symmetrical religionsnetts. combining the just and the devout, tbe mystic and the practical; in both there was deep religions insicht—the power of vivid spiritual vision. — —til** -Mrived at truth by barn i-ea-vmin/*-, hut by a flash of intuition The internal evi dence was ranch more to both than the external and merely historical The truth comes to such by a flash, and tbey must feel it before they can believe it. In both, too, there Was a i?rpe religious liberality which went far beyond the eeel<s<ia*tic— pin fold iv which they had been brought nn Simeon saw salvation for outsiders and «> did Mr. Gilmore Bath t_ij-hn have been—one r-n-tainlv wars—dennmic-d as latit-udinarian. but each had th« large Godly chsrity which wan always ready to see something tbat w_. Cood in creeds and comtnnnions the most diverse from their own. Each was broad with the breadth of God's love and narrow with tbo narrowness of God's righteous ness. To each in tht? end came a death of pe-iGtfulnesH s—id content. Each ronld say—-"Now art Thou pettinsr free T*iysl*vf?. O ifaster. in peace " Though Mr. Gilmore di«d more prematrnely than Si'meo?-, death to him was no rude wrench or shock. He said fervently—" All as- God wills." He. too, fcad obtained so far worthy ends and 6till worthier expectations. And yet t_ey were -dike too in this, that each had seen hut. Hit* dawn of the new kingdom—the "Christ tbat was to be." Eich life dnand in the mellow music of hope and confident—, with tbe sens* of the world revolving into a nobler <*ay. The service were most impressive and tbe hymns sung were very appropriate. 