" MORE GHOST STOKIES." GRUESOME AND GROTESQUE Mr. Stead's second regiment of spooks (" More Ghost Stories," Review of Re views) is on the whole oven better than his first. It is quite as miscellaneous, and better arranged. We have dreams and dreamers, prophecies - nnd second-sight. spiritualist vagaries and good honest ghosts, haunted houses in London and out of it in vuriety sufficient for a house-agent's cata logue, clairvoyants to whom Sam Weller's double magnifyinggas microscopeforthepene- tration of deal doors and brick walls would be quito a superflqity, and as for "doubles" and " thought bodies"— why, one lady had such an energetic second self that -she woe under the constant necessity of proving alibis. Readers may not be .surprised to find that one of the most interesting Btories is more or leSB autobiographical. the clairvoyant and mb. stead s shil ling, ' - . Mr. Stead is telling about some experl- ments with a " clairvoyant lady " "Now," said I, "take another test. Tell mo if you sco anything with this." Then I took from my purse the shilling which I. most prize of all the . pieces of money in my possession. I said nothing to her about it Doyond saying that I had carried it in my pocket for several years and that there was a story conneoted wilh it which I wished her to tell. She held the shilling in her hand for somo time, and then said : " This carries me hack to a time of confusion and much anxiety, with a feel ing that everything depended upon a suc cessful result. This shilling brings to mo a vision ot a very low womau, ignorant and diunken, with whom you had much better have nothing to do. She has passed over. There is a great deal of fever about; I feel great pains as if I had rheumatice fever in my -ankles and my joints, but ospacially in my ankles and my throat. I suffer horribly in. my throat, it is an awful pain ; aiid now I feql a coarse, dirty hand pass over my brow as distinctly as if you had laid your hand thero. It must be her hand. I feel the loss of a child. This woman is brought mo 'by another. Sho is about 32 years, about 5ft. high, with dark brown hair, grey eyes, small, nicely-formed nose, large month." " Can you tell me her name ?" I ' asked. " Not certainly, but I think it seems most like Anno. Is that right?" "I do not know," I replied. And then I told hor tho story of that shilling. Six years ago, when I was standing for my trial at the Old Bailey, a poor outcast girl who was dying of disease in a hospital asked that the only shilling which sho possessed in the world might be given to the fund that was ' being raised for our defence. It was handed to me when I came out of gaol with, written on its paper cover, " Dying girl in hos pital gives her last shilling." I have carried it about with me ever since, never allowingit to pass out of my possession for a single day. Boyoiid . that I . know nothing. The symptoms which Mrs. Da vies described were very like those which such pool creatures, suffer in their closing hours, and it is too probable that the donor was a low, drunken woman ; nevertheless, I think I envied Mrs. Davies the touch of her hand upon her brow, for, low and drunken as sho was, I would prize shat touch mora than permission to kiss the hand of a queen. a gruesome ghost. And now for a good old-fashioned speatro of a most unpleasant kiud. Wo plunge into the story :— Whon I had walked about 100yd. away from mv friends I saw on the bank of the oanal (which runs parallel with. tho road for six or Beveu miles) what i thought at the moment was au old beggar. The spot wa» a very lonely one. The nearest house was a good quarter of a mile away. Tho night was as silent as death, Not a single sound broke upon tho silence from any quarter. I couldn't help asking myself where this old man had come from to such a place. I had not seen him in going down the road. I then turned round quite unconcernedly to have another look at him, aud had no sooner done bo than I saw within half a yard of me one of tl.o most, remarkable and startling Bights I hopo it will ever be my lot to see. Almost on a level with my ownfaco I saw that of an old man, over every feature of which the putty-colored skin was drawn tightly, except the forehead, which was lined with deep wrinkles. Tho lips were ex tremely thin, and appoared perfectly blood less. Tho toothless mouth stood liulf open. Tho chcoks were hollow and snuken like those of a corpse, and the eyes, which seemed far back in the middle of the head, were unnaturally luniinousandpieroing. Thig terrible object was wrapped in two bands of old yellow calico, one of which was drawn under the chin and over the cheeks, and tied at the top of the head; tho other was drawn round the top of the wrinkled forehead, and fastened at the back of the head. So deep and indelible an impression it rnndo on my mind that were I an artist I could paint that face to-day, and reproduce tho origiual (ex cepting, perhaps, the luminous eyes) as accurately as if it wero photographed. vVliat I havo thus tried to desoribe in many words I saw at a glance. Acting on the imprilse of the moment I turned my faco again towards the village, aud ran away from the horrible vision with all my might for about 60yd. 1 thon . stopped and turned round to - Bee how far I had distanced it, and, to my unspeak-' ablo horror, . thero it wns still face to faco with mo as if I had not movod an inch. I grasped my umbrella and raised it to strike him, and you cun imagine my footings when I could see nothing between the face and the ground except an irrcgulur column of intense darkness, through which my um brella wont as a stick goos through water. I am sorry to confess that I again took to my hools with increasing speed. . . . Having gone a few yards down a branch road, I determined to speak with my strungo pursuer, whatever ho was, and I boldly turned round to face him for tho third time, intending to ask him what ho wanted, &o.; He Dad not followed mo aftor I loit the main road, but I could sco the horribly fascinating face quite as plain as when it was close by. It stood for two or three minutes looking intently at mo from tho centre of the main road. I than realised fully it was not a human being in flesh and blood ; and, with every vestige of fear gono, I quickly walked towards it to put my ques tions. But I was disappointed, for no sooner I made towards it than it moved quickly in tho direction of tho village. I saw it moving along, keeping the uatna .dis tance from tho ground, until it reached the churchyard wall. It then crossed tho wall and disappeared near where the yew- tree stood inside. The moment- it dis appeared I becamo unconscious; When J came to myself, two hours later, I was lying in the middle of the roud, cold aud ill: Tho strangest part of niy story yet re mains to be told. My host, after question ing mo closely in regard to tho features of the face, tho placo 1 had fifBt seen it, and the spot whero it disappeared, told me that 15 years before that time an old rooluse, answering in every detail of my des cription (calicncs, bands and all), lived in a house whose ruins s.till stand close by whore I first saw>it, that he was buried in the spot whero I saw the face disappearing, and that he was a very strange character altogether. 