A Russian Ghost Story, When .the'Winter Palace was fiuishc.d tho empress appointed a day for taking- posses. Bion of it; and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noblemen, mounted guard in the new castic. A long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through tbe keyhole of the throne-room. Who could have any business [at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the reception of foreign ambassadors t One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon as be had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in it whisper to come nearer. " The empress has already arrived," whispered he; she is seated on the throne.directly opposite to the door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The empress was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden Btool under the red velTet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impossible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of tbe apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said,— " You can all now retire: the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty is already here." "What? Who?" " Her majesty is in the throne-room." "Impossible 1" " You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recog- nised the empress, and said wonderiugly,— "I cannot understand what the marsha.. means. He has just arrived, and ordered tbat all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events 1 will ascer- ^tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the empress may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortunately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the corridor, and .peeped in his turn through tho keyhole. " My God, it is the empress ! Her majesty herself 1 What can it mean ?" exclaimed he. " How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to tbe throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out I I will hasten to report at once." The,distance between the two houses being quite short/the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by tho empress. Where is the empress?" In her sleeping apartment." " The prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said l sharply.—. Are you sure that the empress is here ?'' " Of course; she is. preparing to. retire." '' Inform her instantly that J am here." In a few minutes Prince Kniratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress* chamber. The empress stood before Mm in in night negligee. .. ' •'•. Koratln'turned pale. . ' " Well," said the empress," you look as if vou bad seen a ghost. What in Heavetfi iame is the matter with yoa 2 Is there any news from the army ?'* Kuratin hurriedly related what he hjul seen. " It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. We will take a nearer look at these come, dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin; you can mount behind. Hnny." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the cas. telian was ordered to bring the key if the throne room; sir grenadiers .were commanded to load their guns, and* led by the empress the little troop betook themselves tc the corridor. The light shone as before through the.keyhole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard, who placed themselves around ler. The room was brilliantly illuminated, out empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered witl liamonds, and crowned with the royal dia Jem. One instant Elizabeth gazed iteadfastly at her double, then moTed forvard a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from tb« rhrone, and then remained standing as im* novably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment! "Fire 1" cried the empreBs. The guards raised their guns and all six . i med directly at the ghostly visitant. The riggers snapped. At the same instant the igure, clapped its hands together, and the -oora was suddenly plunged into intense iarkness. Then followed a great commo- !nn and confusion, while the empress ailed,— "Bring lights 1" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abBo lutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked an< guarded. The guards had seen no one leave f the palace. The empress ordered a more rhorough search to be made, but in vain *-ere all efforts made to discover tho per. pctrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper impressioc upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar—A young lady WM sitting with her lover in a charmingly deco' rated recess. On her knee was a diminutm niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company. Says tbe ittle niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. " Auntie, kiss me, too." We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. "You should say tw^e, Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar," was the immediate re* joinder. Clever girl- A Professional. — " Beautiful »port— beautiful," said the bagman. " Sixty buds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of tbe hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by the hand. " Allow me to congratulate you, eir," ht, said," I am a professional myself." Professional sportsman ? " " No; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)—"Well,air!—" SON (imploringly)—" Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty—" FATHER (angrily)—" Honesty 1 ha, ha I Who prates of honesty to a retired ieer dealer?" Baron Hans Yon Leers, now at one of the fashionable watering plaees, IB described BS nearly seven feet tall. In this reBpeot he must compare favorably with any of the hotel bills. Again81 the Bales.—First Hod Carrier i " What did the Wilkin' Diligate fine ye for. Mike?" Second Ditto: " For comio,' down lh« ladder two rounds at a time." 