The Windsor Murderer. LONDON, March 18. The body of the woman found under a floor at Rainhill has been identical as Mrs. Deeming who was married to Williams under that name. It is said that Williams after his marriage went to Hull where he was sentenced to 12 months for forgery. It is believed he also married a Miss Matherson at Beverley in 1890, and then absconded to America. He subsequently married another lady at Birkenhead and it is now believed he has committed not less than nine murders. His brother has identified the bodies at Rain- hill as those of Mrs. Deeming and her four children. The greatest excitement continues relating to the arrest of Williams, the murderer, it's rumored that several females who are known to have visited Williams' house at Rainhill, Liverpool, are missing. The last letter received by her mother from the late Mrs. Williams was dated Xmas, aboard the ship Kaiser Wilhelm, stating that her husband was gone to Hongkong, but the deceased woman's mother has since received two letters from Williams himself saying that he and his wife were getting on extremely well. At the inquest at Rainhill on the five bodies found there, Albert Deeming, the prisoners' brother was strongly affected. He identified his sister-in-law. He said he had seen the murdered woman and her children in his dreams. A box sent by Williams from Rainhill has been found at Falmouth, which contains ladies' wearing apparel and a bag marked F. B?. Deeming. March 21. Thousands of persons visited Rainhill yesterday, and the scene was a ??? pandemonium. It has transpired that Deem- ing visited Harlepool under the alias of Lawson. The people were under the im- pression that he was a wealthy visitor from Australia, and he became the guest of two of the principal merchants, one of whom acted as groomsman at his marriage with Miss Matheson at Beverly. Several London trades- men have notified to the police that they were swindled by Deeming. PERTH, March 12. Williams the murderer arrived to-day hundreds of people collected to see him, and he addressed the crowd asserting his innocence. March 2???. Williams, the alleged murderer. was brought up at the Police Court and remanded. An immense crowd thronged the Court. SYDNEY, March 21. It has transpired that Deeming ??? Sydney twice attempted suicide by throwing himself under a tram motor and prompty rescued each time. The alleged history of Williams surpassed anything ever written as fiction. Among other incidents the following is related:— In 1889 Deeming, for he was then known by that name, was at Capetown, South Africa. Two gentlemen who had been up country ??? the diamond-fields had returned to Capetown and one of them was on the eve of embarking on a steamer for England. The latter ??? accosted by Deeming, who had evidently ??? him on the diamond-fields. He described property on the field, which was in the Trans- vaal, that he had to dispose of for something over £2000, and asked the gentleman ??? to become the purchaser, which he ??? to should on enquiry, the property agree with the description given. As he could not ??? the property himself this gentleman ??? his friend to make the necessary investigation and purchase the property if he was satisfied that the transaction was a good one ??? gentleman then sailed for England. There upon Deeming forged a telegram to which ??? put the name of the proposed purchaser, ??? forwarded it to this gentleman representat- tive on the diamond fields, requesting him ?? pay over the amount agreed upon to Deeming. Deeming made his was to the Transvaal, obtained the money. He stated that he ??? have to return to Capetown for a portion ??? the necessary papers to complete the transac- tion, and accordingly left. Of ??? never again appeared, and the conclusion ??? be drawn from this that the property ??? a bogus one. The gentleman who had ??? defrauded, when in England, obtained ??? formation which led him to believe that ??? man Deeming was also in the old country communications were opened with the Trans- vaal to obtain a warrant for his arrest ??? charged of fraud and forgery. Later on ??? the name of Levey the alleged ??? landed in London, having voyaged ??? Jumna from Aden. All the time Deeming alias Levety, had a wife and family at Birken- head. The gentleman who had been ??? went to Birkenhead, but could find ??? of the man he wanted. Shortly after ??? however, he had reason to believe that ??? ing was in Hull, he having been arrested ??? a charge of making away with jewellery ??? the value of £285. He had bought ??? jewellery, giving on a Saturday ??? after banking hours, two valueless cheques ??? payment and escaped to Monte Video ??? he was arrested and brought back to England. On the 26th September, 1890, Deeming ??? brought before the justices, and committed for trial to the sessions. On his arrival from South Africa, Deeming had, it seems, gone direct to Hull, and ??? taken up his residence at Beverley, when ??? passed himself off as a retired sheep-farmer. There he made free with his money, and ??? married to a young Scotch girl. The marriage was celebrated with great èclat and "Mr Mrs. Harry Lawson" immediately left ??? month's honeymoon trip to the South of England. Deeming, whose aliases are ??? getting rather numerous, is known to ??? visited his wife and family at Birkenhead ??? January, 1891, he informed his wife at Birken- head that he was going to South America ??? following month, and that soon after ??? arrived there he would send for her and ??? four children. He left his wife a sum of ??? — ??? 100 ??? had left the he had married at Beverley at Hull, going ??? one day and promising to return in an hour ??? two. It was after this that he bought ??? jewellery and paid for it with bogus ??? For this he was sentenced to ??? imprisonment. Another incident goes ??? years, and the scenes are all laid in ??? Africa, art a time when the diamond ??? raging and the Russo-Turkish war was ??? ing its close. In Cape Colony, in 1877 ??? boxes containing 5000 sovereigns were ??? travelling between Kingwilliamstown ??? Grahamstown. The gold belonged ??? Standard Bank, and was taken over ??? hotel in Kingwilliamstown, whence the ??? cart started, and here placed in the ??? by Mr. ???. manager of the hostels ??? the premises of the bank officials. ??? them mount??? with the ??? all went well until a certain half-way ??? had to be scrutinised and the con??? vehicle examined. Then it was found the gold was not on board. It had dis??? in some unaccountable manner, but ??? where it had gone to remained a mystery ome time after. It was noticed that this time the seafaring engineer, named ??? Williams, was knocking about King??? town, and in such a way as to excite ??? in the minds of the police, for ??? ostensible means of support, though ??? sented himself as being connected ??? engineering firm in England. He lived ??? hotel where Pointing was manager, the ??? of the place being at the time ??? country, having left Pointing to look ??? interest, during his absence. Pointing Williams were firm friends, and the ??? Pointing evidently kept something ??? the money disappeared ??? both men alike. There was no ??? upon which other could be arrested ??? was decided to keep them both under survillance. Williams began to find of thing rather disagreeable, and determined to put some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as soon as possible. But his time for departure had not yet arrived. He resolved to put up with the ride a little longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of shar- ing the spoil. The police at last determined to act boldly against Pointing, fearing that he would sooner or later give them the slip. So the (sic) pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused him of the robbery; and he, taken aback with the suddenness of the charge, tacitly submitted he was a party to the deed. The hotel manager was at last placed on his trial. The evidence brought against him was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and he left the court to serve a sentence of three years' imprisonment. The position grew altogether too uncomfort- able for Williams now. The eyes of the police were on him everywhere. It was known that he had played an important part in the robbery, and he knew he was suspected While Pointing was on his trial Williams assured him he would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration, that he would wait till he came out again, and that then they could lift the "plant." leave the country, and sail for Australia with £5000. At any rate, Pointing asserted on his libera- tion that such an understanding did exist be- tween them, and how Williams on his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning after the hotel manager had begun to serve his sentence a mysterious disappearance was reported. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no one could say where he had gone, or how he had taken his departure. He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could be found. Nothing more was heard of him till about nine months later, when a queer looking little man, evi- dently disguised, got off the coach at King- Williamstown. No one knew who the visitor was, and so as many people were going and coming to the diamond-fields he did not excite more than ordinary notice. The little man was one other than "Bully" Williams, who had returned for the "swag" when the coast? was clear. He found it where it was planted in the sand, and ??? with sovereigns ??? made his way back as quickly as possible ??? the coast. 