SCIENCE AND SPECTRES, [Daily News.) In a recent autobiographical sketch Mr. Grant Allen describes his first and unconscious essay in fiction. It was a narra- tive dealing with the difficulty felt by a man of science in ascertaining that a ghost, in his own experience, is a ghost. This apology was apparently based on Hume's famous argument about miracles, whereby, as Mr. Patrick Proctor Alexander observed, " he placed the supernatural in a position of some little embarrassment." 'or, granting by way of argument that the supernatural exists, and is anxious to make a demonstration of the fact to the senses of a man of science, he cannot do so, because, according to the hypothesis, this is impossible The evidence cannot conceivably be good enough to attest the fact, therefore the ghost cannot establish his identity as a ghost, therefore for scientific purposes he might as well not exist at all. times, play- fully stated, the argument may be described as a vicious circle, however it justifies many persons in disregarding spectres altogether. Whether the argument might not be so applied as to confirm a disbelief in the sensible universe at large, we shall not pause to inquire. But it is plain that when a scientific gentleman establishes his doc- trial by conclusions drawn from a ghost of his own invention, he is merely copying the preacher who demolishes the infidel. The old infidel of the pulpit was ii more lay figure or Aunt Sally, whose ideas were just what the preacher chose to make them, and who was never heard in his own defence. In the same way Mr. Allan might, if he chose (though we hope he would be more sportsmanlike), set up a mere ghost of straw, whom he could easily demonstrate for an impostor. A well known plan for making a ghost is to cut him out in thin sheet metal, paint him white, and exhibit him in the dusk. As the observer approaches him he is slowly turned round till his sharp edge alone is opposite the observer, so that he vanishes. The scientific controversialist might erect a spectre no more worthy than this, and then destroy his claims to spirituality. But it would be a much more worthy exercise to lay Borne other person's ghost, not the mere puppet or fancy ghost of Mr. Allen. By way of an example, we may select a bogie who, it is understood in ghostly circles, is no more creation of romantic fancy'. In a recent number of a magazine was published a sketch called "A Western Mystery." This is, we believe, to be taken by the curious, not as a " short story," the child of imagination) but as a record of facts, or what seemed to be facts. Lot this he assumed as an hypothesis, at least, and then let us ask, What does science make of it, that hypothesis being specula- tively granted? That is, admitting that the narrator is speaking the truth, to the best of her ability, how does science, in the person of Mr. Grant Allen, for example, explain the situation ? The story is of a character very familiar in such tales, but includes one feature of more than common eccentricity. The narrator is a lady who, with her husband and one domestic, took a house in a deserted mining town on the eastern side of of the Rocky Mountains. The front door opened straight into a sitting room, which again opened into another; those, again, "pave" on bedrooms. The kitchen was behind, and there was a large collar. The agent who let the house frankly admitted that it was cheap because it was " haunted." Here even the' least Boiontifio must admit that the new occupants were encouraged to expect something odd, which they proposed to lay with a revolver. After the first night in the new house, the servant girl complained that she had heard a baby crying where no baby should be, She therefore departed instantly. Next, when the lady of the house was alone she heard a terrific combat for two taking place in the collar, and ending with a heavy thud. She did not go down into the cellar. On the same nights the sound of footsteps was heard ranging the house, find no owner of the foot could be discovered. The fight in the collar was investigated by the occupant, with a revolver, on a following occasion, but he could not even detect the presence of rats. He occasionally pursued the viowlotfB owner of the foot which echoed in the corridors, but to no avail ; the sounds withdraw into empty bedrooms. The viewless baby also made itself a nuisance, as nobody can stop a spectral infant from wailing in the night. Things got worse, not better; rocking chairs rocked of their own accord, and then " a strange thing happened.'' On the glass pane of a window was visible a picture; in that work of art was represented a skeleton standing erect, the figure of a child kneeling to the skeleton, and " in the corner of the pane a red-coloured hand," plainly indicating a "B of B. K.," as the claimant said, a Baronet. According to the neighbours, this remarkable study had been visible three years earlier. "It comes all of a sudden, and ye'll never got it off." And, indeed, the picture could not be " got off." As large crowds of amateurs used to assemble for tho purpose of viewing and criticising the skeleton, the pane was broken, instead of being sent to Mr. Grant Allan or Mr. Frederick Myers. There is not very much more to toil. More people heard the noises, the baby, the terrific combat for two in the cellar, the footsteps which walked the house and all the rest of it. _ No one pretends to have seen any visible sprites, no one accounts for the noises as Mr. Pepys did for the sprite which alarmed him " 'twas only our < young gib cat." True, an ancient miner declared that the house had been a gambling and drinking saloon, and that two men had killed each other with bowie knives, in the cellar. This, of course, satisfactorily accounts for the trouble in the collar, where the heroes, as in Valhalla, fight their battles o'er again. But the baby, and the skeleton, and the blood-red hand are as obscure as ever. Here, then, is the opportunity of science. Granting the phenomena, what are the persons to think who heard and saw the phenomena ? If they are sober, and otherwise sane, how are they to account to themselves for their experience ? This is the question which science is in no hurry to tackle. But we admit that there may be a difficulty in discovering the persons with the abnormal experience. 