THE BENDIGO CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. The convention concluded their meetings yesterday in the Forest street Wesleyan Church. In the morning session the prayer meeting was conducted by the Rev. H. Wallace, In tho afternoon there was a very largo attendance, the Rev. J. MocNeil, M.A., presiding. After tho usual devotional ser vices, tho Rov. J. A. Mnrsland addressed the meeting on “Thanksgiving. 1 ' Ho said they should bo well able to lako up the song of thanksgiving, as through Christ they had entered into the enjoyment of peace'—tho peace which passplh all understanding; they had passed into tho banqueting house and partaken of the dainties of tho Lord’s table. Besides, God’s people over have the abiding consciousness that he will still provide for them to the 1 idlest extent of every need. The more wo trust Christ, said the speaker, tho more grandly His countenance will beam and shine upon us. Tho more wc touch Him, tho more virtue will (low from Him. The more wo look on our Master, tho more our faces will bo enlightened, and ultimately wo shall see Him os Ho is. Thankfulness was a pro minent feature in the worship of olden times. When (ho temple was built in Jerusalem and ready for dedication, the people mot therein and tho groat song of thanksgiving went up to God— 1 ' Tho Lord is good, - and Ilis mercy onduroth for over.” The offering of thankful hearts was accepted by God and tho temple was filled with ilis glory, so that tho priests could not stand to minister. Tho glory of tho Lord might fill His templo now, as well as in tho olden times. Tho Lord would fill tho hearts of His people as well as His sanc tuary. Jesus is tho author of all His people's blessings. Ho has- come to strengthen, purify, ennoble, and glorify them. when their thoughts are centred in Christ and their affections go out after Him, then Christ fills them with His glory. Believe in Christ, trust in Him, then there is peace, joy, and a grand hope of a blessed future. , A telegram was rend from Mr. T, G. Payne, secretary of tho Goulbum Valley Methodist Convention, conveying friendly greetings, and praying that the Bendigo Con vention might bo baptiaod with tho Holy Ghost; also staling that splendid meetings had been 'hold in that district, and souls saved. Tho convention unanimously agreed to reciprocate the kindly greeting. It was also decided to sand a friendly greeting to tho Methodist Convention in session in Mel bourne. Tho Rev. J. E. Harrison then addressed tho meeting, and first referred to the solemn scene of tho previous evening, when so many stood up testifying by tho not that they wholly gave themselves up to (ho Lord —fully, absolutely recognising tho divine proprietor ship that they woro entirely His. They were filled with tho spirit, had opened their hearts, and Christ came in to sup with them —a feast of love, and the abiding fellowship of Christj all included in tho one great, bless ing received on tho previous night. The speaker then referred to the fact that those thus giving their hearts entirely to God would speedily bo waylaid by tho devil, who come with great wrath, because he knows his time is short, and ho cuts up awfully with God’s people when they are getting conse crated. They might find afterwards that there woro other things which they did not think about when they mado tho full sur render to God. If there woro, then there •would bo great joy in giving thorn up to the Lord. A Christian should never go back on tho fact of his consecration. Tho speaker then urged his hearers to remember that al though consecrated—set apart—they must over keep their eyes steadfastly fixed on Christ. Christ when walking on tho sea bade Peter leave tho boat and come to him. Poter stepped out on the sea and walked along it safely until ho turned his eyes from Christ, and then ho sank. There would ho no failures in tho Christian life as long as tho eye was fixed on tho Master, and* what before appeared impossible would become the settled course of the Christian’s life. At tho close of the meeting a communion service was held, tho Rev. E. AY. Nyo offi ciating. Prayers were offered by the Revs. H. B. Barber and Thompson, and addresses given by tho Revs. R. Keith Mackay and Harrison. At the evening session the church was crowded. The Rov. J. MaoNeil again pre sided, and explained what tho convention wished to teaoh in reference to full consecra tion, If professing Christians had lost this treasure, they would have to go back to whore they lost it if they wished to find it. Tho Bible story of tho man losing his axe head in the river and his finding it just whore it was dropped, illustrated this. Many Sabbath school teachers, local preachers, and ministers, too, were laboriously cutting away with the axo handle without tho head. This was not only hard work, but a fruitless task. They wanted to find their axo heads, nnd then they would do noble work for God. Tho speaker then explained tho moaning of several passages of Scripture bearing on sanctifica tion, expatiating more . fully upon Paul’s prayer, “ May tho God of peace sanctify you wholly, and may your whole soul, body, and spirit bo preserved blameless until tho com ing of tho Lord. ” The Rev. J. E. Harrison also addressed the meeting, and the usual devotional service brought the convention to a close. Tho convention will, however, bo followed by a series of evangelistic services, which will bo mainly conducted by AVesloyan minis ters, the Rev. Mr. Nyo taking charge of tho meetings to-day and to-morrow. Tho mission is likely to extend over at least a fortnight There will ho noon prayer meetings caoh day in tho AVesloyan schoolroom, and evangelistic •services at half-past seven p.m. Short open air meetings will bo hold in tho neighbor hood immediate!} before tho evening services in tho church. 