ON FORTUNE'S WHEEL. Br JOHN K. LETS, Author of "The Lindsays," "Linda's Inheritance," "&c.; CHAPTER Vir. TEMPTATION. Sic Vivian gave a loud, boarse cry, sat upright in bis chair for one moment, as if he would rise to his feet, and then fell back in his seat, trembling from head to foot. "Gome Lea, said his friend; "don't take It BO much to h'art. Drink a little of this. You look ghastly," "A will-are you sure asked the Baronet in a strange whisper. " Certain. It wasdrawn up by Mr. Fieldes, the man whose practice I bought. I found it among his papers." " And ?" "He leaves you an annuityuf three hundred a year, instead of the allowanoe he has been making you." " Three hundred a year!" The estates, and, in fact, all he had to leave, except the annuity, RO to a Miss Florence Bromley." The only answer Sir Vivian made to this waB a groan. It was hard for him-very hard. The golden oup had been held to his lips only to be dashed away. " But it can't stand, you know, a will like that!" he cried. " I'm afraid it will," said the lawyer, coldly. "My uncle can't have been in his right mind." " My dear fellow, whenevera man is found to bave made a will disinheriting his natural heir the heir immediately declares that the testator must have been insane. It's all non sense. Your uncle was as sane as l am, and I dare say all the folks here can prove it." " Is it-is the will properly made?" " It seems to be regularly drawn and exe cuted." There was an indefinable something in the lawyei's tone aa be said these words, some thing which made the Baronet peer anxiously into his visitor's face. But he could read nothing in that calm, impassive countenance nothing whatever. " It was properly witnessed?" "Yes. Oh, yea." " Have you it with you here ?" "It iB in my bae. I suppose it has been taken upstairs. Shall I Bend for it ?" " No; I don't care to read it, if that's what you mean." said the Baronet, roughly. "Who knows of the existence of this mon etrjus will besides our two selves ?"' ho a-'.cc-d, alt r a pause. '. Well, X don't know that any one does at present." .? How is that?" "Simply beoaueo I discovered the will my self in oue of Mr. Field us' drawers; and I don't suppose any one else knows anything about it. The two witnesses " "All!' "Are Mr. Fieldes, who is dead, and an old clerk of his who left the firm before I took over the business. It is very unlikely that he oan remember it, for the will is seven years old : and lawyer's clerks, you know, are in the habit of signing their names as witnesses a dozen times in a week. Of course he would recognise his signature, and swear to it, and probably recolleot the whole matter, if the will were put into his hands; bub I thought you meant ?" "Yes, I meant that. He would never be likely to trouble himself as to whether the will was carried out or not." "Of course not. Howoouldhe? Perfectly impossible." '? Who are the executors ?" "A person, who, I fancy, is the Rector down here, and a Colonel Meredith." " No doubt my undo told them of his inten tion. I know he mentioned the thing to the Rector, in a casual sort of way. Probably he spoke of it to the other executor as welL" " No, he did not; not in such a way, at all events, as to impress his mind." " How do you know?" asked Sir Vivian, quickly. " Because I know this Colonel Meredith. I had a letter from him about another pieoe of business to-day, and he never referred to this matter." " And you didn't refer to it in your answer to him ?" "No. I thought you were tha first who ought to know of it." "I'm sick of the subject!" cried Sir Vivian, after a long pause. " Let's have a cigar." The two young men tried to talk about other things, but it was in vain. As often as another subject was started the conversation languished and died away, and the thoughts of both re verted to the sheet of paper upstairs upon which the ownership of Scardale depended. Lionel North seemed quite as abstracted as his friend. "So if anything should happen-if the house should take fire to-night, for example, and burs up your bag and all that it holds, nobody would be a bit the wiser?" It was the Baronet who spoke. The ques tion was apropos of nothing, but the lawyer answered immediately " Nobody would be a bit the wiser." Sir Viviao got up aad began to walk back and forward, back and forward, with long, impatient strides. The lawyer sat watohing him, a sardonic smile on his face. " There is something he would like to say, only he doesn't dare," said the aFtute young man to himself. . Suddenly the Baronet stopped opposite his friend, and Baid, with eyes an the ground, " Is there no way of getting out of it ? No way of getting round this cursed will ?" A curious look shot out from the young lawyer's eyes for an instant. "I only know of one way," he said, in a quiet, constrained tone. Sir Vivian did not care to ask whathe meant, He could not yet, in so many words, offer North a bribe to destroy the will. But after a pause he said-with his eyes fixed on the ground "I suppose you think of going over to the Eectory to-morrow morning ?'r 411 suppose so." "Don t go yet. A day's delay will do no harm to anybody, eh ? Some flaw may be dis covered ; or-or-a later will may turn up. It would be a pity to awaken expectations, eh? which might be disappointed. " I don't know. A day's delay might look queer, don't you think? But I can wait till the afternoon, since you wish it." Then Sir Vivian thought he underscood that North was not incorruptible. But he bad not made up his mind what he should ask him to do. " Yes; I should like to have the morning to consider the matter," he said, slowly. What was there for him to consider? Nothing. But North seemed to understand; for the ghost of a smile passed over his face, and he made no reply. Then there was another silence. "Well, I'm dead tired, old fellow ; I think I'll go off to bed," said North, after some minutes, rising, and yawning as he spoke. | "All right; you'll find Williams, or some body, in the hull, to show you to your room," said his host, carelessly. I Alone at last ! Sir Vivian was glad to be alone. He could not think when that fellow was sitting opposite watching him. He groaned aloud, put his elbows on his knee3, dropped his head into his hands, and bat starirg at the fire without seeing it. Should he give up Scardale ?, No ! A thousand times, no! Whatever it might cost him, whatever risk he ran, that he would not do. So he told himself ;and yet, when he thought of the alternative-sup pressing the will which his uncle had made, he shuddered at the depth of the abyss into which he must plunge in order to achieve his end. " It's right enough that I should have Scar dale, and I'll keep it if I can," he said, as if to bully his conscience into silenoe. But the whispering voioe within would not be stilled. He would have liked to take the persistent thing by the throat and strangle it. He would keep Scardale! he shouted to himself; and then looked round, fearful lest some one should have overheard him. No human ear was within hearing; but at that moment the rising wind sent forth a wail that shivered around the i gables of the hall, and made the guilty man ' tremble as he listened. It was like the voice of his good angel, bidding him an eternal fare well. [ "Of course. I'll make it all right with Florence-make her an allowance, as the old man wished to make me one, by Jove !" And. a keen feeling of satisfaction made the Baronet's eyes gleam, as he thought how he was about to thwart the_ old man who had scorned and humiliated him; how he would make bim of no account, and deal with his heaped-up wealth exactly as he had desired it should not be dealt with. Indeed, it was not solely the love of wealth and position which was now tempting Vivian Lea to his ruin. Ho hated his uncle for dieinbteriting him, for in sulting him, as he had -done more than once. It was delicious to think that he could defy the old man now, and live in his house and spend his money contrary to his wishes. But how was the fraud to be carried out? Get the will from North and burn it. That would be the simplest And surest way. But bow was he to get the will? Would North let him bare it-leave the document where it could be got at, and go back to London without troubling Mr. Willoughby? He thought ho would-if he bid high enough. Or, could he take it out of bis guest's port manteau in the night? Now? Ho glanced at tho clock and started. It was after 1 o'clock. He had been so absorbed in thought that he had not noticed the flight of time. All the servants had long been asleep. Not a sound was to be heard but the fitful wailing and moaning of the wind. Kir A'iviau rose, turutsd out the lamp, blew out tin- laiiultfl, iuid lj«gan 10 ascend the stairs . in the dark. What was he going to do ?_ He,:' hardly new. The thought of tho will fasoi n»t< d him. He no longer shuddered at the , idea of this crime. Ha had already accustomed himself to the idea of it. He had lived, in. thought, a lifetime since Lionel North had come to his door. Sir Vivian went upstairs, his footsteps making no sound on the thick oarpeta; and. though he did not carry any light, he found without much difficulty the chamber where his guest was lying. ' Gently he turned the handle of: tfce door, and to his surprise, it yielded. He had thought that it would be looked. Wild ideas of steal ing the will in tbe dark and making off with ib surged through his brain. He stepped forward into the room. 