'%h& 3úsbmu dwxútt. MONDAY, MAY 9, 1893. Tur, advocates of dismemberment have had another rebuff from Lord Knutsford. In spite of the petition lately presented from the people of Central Queensland the League delegates, Messrs. Archer and Ferguson, have received precisely the same answer, although in a more peremptory form, as was given to the deputation of 1890\. Her Majesty's Government consider that the question is still not ripe for their intervention, and that Sir S. \V. Griffith's Decentralisation Bill must be discussed before external pressure can he asked in the solution. And it must be observed that if the question had become "ripe" for Imperial action its difficulties would still have to be solved. The pre- cedents of thirty or fifty years ago have become obsolete, and no British Government would dare act upon the old statutes even if it were at length apparent that it ought to intervene in the affairs of a self governing colony like ours. Fresh legisla- tion would be imperative, and it would have to be run upon new lines. A Separation Act could not well be passed specially for the case of Queensland, or if it were the principles embodied in it must be applicable to other cases. If the Imperial Parliament once reasserted its dormant right to dismember one Australian colony it must be prepared to assert it in dealing with all the others if occasion arose. And it is plain that occasion would quickly arise. The erection of Central Queensland into a separate colony means cutting Queensland up into three, and not merely into two. It would very quickly be followed by proposals for subdividing New South Wales into at least as many colonies. The Clarence and Richmond district, and the Riverina district, including the Broken Hill mineral area, would imperatively demand Separation too, and the divisive spirit would run riot for a time at least. Lord Knutsford and his colleagues rightly perceive that the responsibilities involved in a policy of intervention would be intolerable. It would involve the Imperial guarantee of the public debts of the dismembered colonies, and it would be a practical abandonment of the much cherished aspirations for Australian Federation. The present necessity of conducting British - Australian diplomacy through seven different channels is irksome to Imperial statesmen, and whatever the desire of the Gladstone party for Irish Home Rule, that party would exhibit strong aversion to Australian Home Rule unless in a federal form. 'The Separationists think they have secured potential aid in the person of Lord Carrington, the suggested Secretary of State for the Colonies in the Gladstone Ministry of the future, but Lord Carrington is a raw politician, and his partisanship for Mr. Gladstone now will not place him on the piano of a matured statesman when the Radical Cabinet of the future comes to be formed. The latest news from the mother country indicates that the ex- Governor of New South Wales is beginning to be appreciated at his true value. It is found that the telling points in his early speeches are being reiterated with variations, naval seems the fashion of Sir George Bowen's hackneyed utterances of a few years ago. Students of English politics know that Lord Carrington's Australian experience will not be deemed a sufficient training in practical politics to qualify him for responsible office in the Imperial Cabinet, and that any attempt to give him precedence over the matured politicians of the Radical Party would raise a storm that could not be easily appeased. Lord Carrington's chances of the Colonial Secretaryship may therefore be dismissed from consideration in calculating the future of the Queensland Separation movement. It may be urged that all Lord Knutsford stipulates for is delay-that he does not abandon the right of Imperial intervention and that if Sir S. 'W'. Griffith's decentralisation project can but be thrust out of the way after some further discussion the time for interference will be deemed ripe. But that does not by any means follow. For although the Secretary of State evades the question he is clearly indisposed to grapple with it except in case of absolute necessity. The practically tells the deputation that Queensland enjoys self-government and must settle her internal affairs by means of her own Parliament. The responsibility for the public debt, he emphatically declares, must be adjusted before Separation by the Legislature of Queensland, and not by the Imperial Parliament;. The Times' lecture on Queensland dis- loyalty will not be much taken to heart. There was a feeling of dissatisfaction repast \\. 1 years when the home Government refused to ratify the provisional annexation of New Guinea by Sir Thomas McIlwraith, because it was felt that the refusal indicated either ignorance of or indifference to Australian interests. But as all Australians and most well-informed Englishmen now admit the mistake modern allowing Germany to get a foothold in New Guinea, it is quite unnecessary to de- fend the action taken by the Queensland ' Premier for the time being in that matter. The other incident indicating " unsteadiness" in loyalty was the temporary refusal to pass the Australian Squadron Bill ; but the reasons were sufficient. Our then Premier had left the colony on a. sudden mission to England without the sanction of Parliament, just as Mr. Dalley a year or two previously had taken the momentous step of committing New South Wales to the Soudan expedition and its pregnant contingencies, without the authority of the representatives of the people. There was a justifiable apprehension of the consequences of these dangerous precedents, and there was no disloyalty in pointing out, as this journal took occasion to do at the time, that the colonies were being thus committed, without Parliamentary consent, to the immeasurable consequences of sanctioning the foreign policy of the Imperial Government for the time being, while at the same time a single electoral constituency in either of the three kingdoms had more influence upon the question of peace or war than had the entire four million of Australian colonists. A single by-election in England might overthrow a Cabinet, but the whole of the constituencies of Australia could not unseat a single Minister in such Cabinet. We therefore held that until the people of Queensland had representative privileges they ought not to be called upon, at any rate without the express consent of their representatives, to incur obligations which might entail tremendous consequences upon themselves. Surely there was no dis- loyalty in this argument, any more than there was disloyalty in Kinglake's declara- tion that Great Britain ought never to have been dragged into the Crimean war, a conviction shared by some of the most loyal of British statesmen at the time, and by the majority of those who have held responsible office in later years. It has been said that the Times probably found its insinua- tions of disloyalty upon the cartoons reproduced by the Review of Reviews from Australian comic satirical papers. But when we add that the Queensland representative of this class of literature has just died from want of public support it will be easily understood that its disloyalty found no encouragement from the general public of the colony. The truth is that while Australia may not be always loyal to the British Ministry for the time being, she is as loyal to the Queen and to the mother country as is England herself. The ghost of dismemberment is now happily laid for a time, and it may be hoped that the counsel given by us to the " Leagues" in the past will now be appreciated. It is useless to force the discussion of so organic a question upon a Parliament about to be dissolved, but if it be given a prominent place in the programme of our leading politicians at the general election, the new Parliament may find it ripe for settlement during its first session. And really there is no reason why decentralisa- tion should not be vigorously taken in hand by that Parliament since the labour difficulties of the past decade seem to be disappearing through the > popular realisa- tion of the Utopian nature of the shores of the new unionist leaders. The Central and Northern members are so strong in both Houses of our Legislature that if they sincerely claim decentralisation it certainly cannot long be withhold whatever Ministry may be in power. To that singular conglomerate of misap- plied philanthropy, amateur constitu- tionalism and blind selfishness, which has opposed the extension of the Polynesian labour traffic, the proceedings taken thus far on the question in the Imperial Parliament must he disappointing. It was inevitable that the matter should come up for discussion, but the very form in which it was presented indicates that no attempt will be made to disturb Queensland legislation. Lord Kimberley as the mouthpiece of the objectors has not asked whether it is consistent with the rights of white workers that black labour should be introduced to Queensland ; he has not asked whether the Queensland Parliament was entitled to reverse its earlier legisla- tion without appeal to the country ; nor has he asked whether the traffic is not a system of veiled slavery, inseparable from abuse, and deserving to be put down with the strong hand. He has simply asked the question which this journal in its advocacy of the movement for extension has placed in the forefront, and which it already regards as satisfactorily disposed of. He has requested Lord Knutsford to inform him what safeguards will be taken in order to prevent a repetition of the former abuses. Lord Knutsford was not in a position to formally answer this question ; but he did still more to stop the mouths of those who asked it by going behind it and showing that the anxiety which prompted it rested on a mistaken conception of the facts. Basing his remarks on the authority of Admiral Lord Charles Scott and Captain Davis, of H.M.S. Royalist, whom he had instructed to watch the importation of kanakas, he stated that no limit was to be found with the treatment of kanakas in Queensland, and that while the abuses in connection with recruiting prior to 1881 deserved the censure of the civilised world, it would hardly be fair to condemn the whole system of recruiting on the strength of investigations then made. to might well have added and possibly did add that the very fact of the disclosure and punishment of abuses seven or eight years ago was in itself a guarantee that recruiters had since that time felt themselves under restraint. He stated, however, that the Imperial Government would support any precautions, however stringent, which Sir S. W. Griffith might think necessary to insure the proper engagement and employment of kanakas. This is poor consolation to the men who hoped, by "monster" petitions or otherwise, to move the Imperial arm against Queensland legislation. But to all who think that, the rights of the blacks secured, it is good both for them and us that they should come as plantation labourers to Queensland, it must be a satisfaction to know that Great Britain as well as Queensland is concerned in seeing justice done. The fact is that offences committed in the South Seas are offences against the Imperial Government and the promised watchfulness of the Imperial authorities will operate as an additional restraint on evil disposed recruiters. On the main point it may be noticed that Sir S. W. Griffith, in acknowledging the resolution of the Brisbane Ministers' Union, asks them to rely on it that No will do "all that is possible to secure good men as Government agents, and to see that the regulations are sufficient and are observed." The suggestion of Lord Kimberley that coolies should be imported instead of Polynesians is too impractical to call for discussion here ; enough that it abandons the whole ground on which the present action of Queensland is arraigned. It is instructive to notice the source and character of the opposition which presumably has led up to the discussion in the House of Lords a discussion which was repeated to similar purpose in the House of Commons, and is to be renewed there on the presentation of the Estimates. Judg- ing from the form of the question asked, the labour party are out of it, since what they care for is not at all that the black man should be recruited and wrought under just- and humane conditions, but that justice and humanity apart, he should be kept out of the way of the whites. To all appearance the question has arisen solely from the philanthropic objection touching the treatment of the kanakas. And here the remarkable thing is not only that there is difference of opinion among those who may claim to rank equally as the friends of humanity and of the blacks, but that the opposition takes strength with distance from the locality concerned and presumable ignorance of the facts, while they who come into closest contact with kanaka labour give it the most distinct approval. The Rev. R. H. Codrington, formerly connected with the Melanesian Mission, and cognisant only of the evils of earlier years, makes the possibly true but wholly irrelevant statement that no Brind of treatment the part of Queensland will compensate for the wrongs which the islands have suffered in the past. Against Him Dr. Selwyn, late Bishop of Melanesia, declares it an abuse of words to call the system either slavery or inhuman, and thinks that abuses may so be removed as to make the traffic a benefit to the islands as well as to Queensland. Bishop Barry, formerly Primate of Australia, has written to the Guardian, con- demning the revival of the kanaka traffic, which he declares almost equivalent to a slave trade, and has induced that very High Church paper to urge the interference of the Imperial Government. On the other hand the present Primate, Bishop Saumarez, Smith, introducing Bishop Barlow in North Queensland, where he found himself in the midst of the labour so condemned by his predecessor in England, declared that he saw no objection to its reintroduction, provided the Government provisions were properly carried out. But the most significant of these contrasts is seen in connection with the Presbyterian body, who conduct at once the missions in the islands of the New Hebrides and amongst the kanakas in Queensland. The frenzied protest of Dr. Paton, which appeared in our columns seven weeks ago, was adopted a few days afterwards by the Foreign Mission Committee of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and since then has been scattered broadcast as their own. On Thursday last the Commission of the General Assembly of the same church, after an address from Dr. Paton, in which the old charge of slavery was repeated, adopted a similar protest, and agreed to forward copies to the Government of Queensland and Great Britain. "What on the other hand has been the action of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland now sitting ? They have not indeed formally taken up the subject and it is a pity they did not, as it would have given their sentiments greater prominence and weight. But it came up indirectly in connection with the report of the committee on missions to the heathen. And with what result? Not a single voice was raised in support of Dr. Paton's protest, or in condemnation of the traffic. On the contrary member after member, and these the most prominent in the Assembly, rose to condemn his attitude and to defend the Government. Dr. Hay described Dr. Paton as a man of vivid imagination, who in the very intensity of his zeal allowed things to grow in his mind and believed them. The veteran missionary had " failed to appreciate the difficulties the Government had to contend with in the regulation of a traffic commenced by Southern capitalists." The Rev. G. D. Buchanan, who as an American claimed to know what slavery was, said " there was no slavery at all about getting those kanakas here." Not only were they taught the blessings of civilisation, but he believed better work was done for them in Queensland than in the New Hebrides. The Rev. J. I. Knipe, of Maryborough, enlarged on the achievements of the Kanaka Mission, and said the islanders themselves were so anxious to come to and remain in the colony that they actually resented the conduct of their would-be friends who opposed the traffic. And all this in addition to the earlier testimony of the convener of the committee, the Rev. A. C. Smith. No one who knows these men will dare to say that they are less sincere in their pronouncements than their brethren in Victoria. The matter stands simply thus : They who know least are the complainers and they who live amid the labour complained of, and know the men who are described elsewhere as oppressors and victims, regard the Polynesian labour traffic as a benefit both to black and white. . Which class of witnesses should have the greater weight with the public and the Government of Britain Mr. S. G. Benson, R.A.M., has been selected for the post of organist and choirmaster at the Albert-street Wesleyan Church. It is the intention to give more prominence to music in connection with the regular services, and to use the fine instrument frequently for public recital on week days, 