THE TRAGEDY OF THORNDYKE HOUSE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. ^ ber Pearl because she was and white and pretty, so dainty, joetr. Ton; could sot dream 01 Bg hving with less that was coars< > wben she vib s baby and while eh< [little gill,; and it anything Bhe wa> bd prettier wben ebe was seventeen^ I Algar first met ber. It was a pit) gevtr came across her path, but tht K she caw bim she liked him, apd tbt fc he «aw her he tell madly ip love Ewaa an orphan by this time, tut s^v wh ber grandfather Thorndyke, and ?apple of hie eye. Ks able to do well by her, and ehf ?odeduoation and many advantages. By, the old man wished her to marry Kbe married at all. His little Pean Ko yoting 4o think of snob things, Knew the changing of a girl to t Bu something that had astonished Biers since the world begaD. Be was Hbat the chiid should Jove and be ^End in gobd time choose a mate, ^Egar seemed no mate lor her. ?pot &ct; hastily; be made enquiries, that in that part of the country ^Bcame, the young, man was spoken ^Hjfdrank heavily at times; there ^Hivil tales told of htm. And so, sure that this was true, Grand ^Rtiidyke took bis Pearl opon hie ^H|emng and told^ ber what be bad ^Hne dared to tell to such an inno creature, and .urged her to prc she woalf have no more to do ^?b&gman.; ^^Kanapa, I'm engaged to Hal," ^^Hftl|i!§iuid'-be-has promised me to do anything wild after ^H^gges amount tnJ&othing.;" old ^^Hs||f'itXiet him'turn over a new pastrlbefoie be marries three years he leads and is sober and ali a raw f^Kli give my .consent, though I - I K a'gentleman: notquite. Tell La Bpt break:off now. Give him back ; Bpind. tell him that I say he must ,~2|Vpre any more just how.' JbHm. bat ebe had never been dis fl^Hl ber life, and did not know ^^HKfe-and-' finally sbe told Hal! BMP grandfather bad said, anb fpnSsit come'no more. took it more quietly tban she bf5 that he coold. _ 1 ose fellows over at are je§ he said. " They've reve Idling a lot of liej^ e me 1 don't < the old .ini -ensge tqg s from! isses, ] :ured] «ado iiot to do," sobbeo aiees, do yon ?' asked earl; " I think it right." marry .me then, yon adpa eays I may," 'die and be unable to said Hal. Pearl. "Dear grandpa." rtal,"said Hal. "Nv yon promised to go tie Lyceum Hall." sday," said Hal, " and P:ybur doing as yon pro said Pearl. "Of ccuree, 1 J have my dressy made, but I By- and secret with grandpa, pnoe, and after that we mnst fives ns leave to meet again." [said Hal, veho had no inten Bg the girl to be so obedient, to frighten her; " I only ill have a carriage at iht st grove at nine o'clock- quite and your grandfather alway |(hat bonr. Bring a cloak and led. Ton can get the latch fPeari. "After all, it Ib not ace more, only once more for Ihfr, or perhaps for year*." about that, ' said Hal tohim [ donbt that in the end, if old red invu^?rable,4hat lie conld > ranaway is&b; him. " Mr. Thorndyke eaid at 'did yon do as yon pro Qot come again nntil yon say pearl. I Alger met Thorndyke in the itohim. on me, sir," he eaid. a, who conld be VCTJ stern ; told bim bis mind. ailed (hat fee had heard the tree 4o -tell about him, sod . Jority.. . sy waBh his hands and repent." . 6d.' Efijid oldThorndyke. " Bat your 30B white.enough to touch ^eittAnght: " Yon are an old man ®o« die," «une Into Hal A^gar'* mind, away In filence. . /evening came a carriage a nesrtbelocnet grove, audio it came tie figure, all in^white; and^Pearl ana reve^^japB the ixasdsdmeet oonple on |w'0 b^oloeVoldJGrandfather Tborndjke ?Mflaat cp in VIhb bed, listening to a JsEnoige. Snte)y that was ibe voter SPakiB£ on: its tinges, Barely those fps in -the rooms below. Once before "fey farmhouse had been entered, and %en bound to the bed-post.. He waa -^Sorefl 4bat the Excitement vbf that jd ehortened bis vrite a life. w£j> «re here agair, or any of Iheir bj. abaM baTti Ltie wu;st o! it," he linuself, end ne (latched ihe pistol jee 4 hat lime be had alwtj'd kept |B pillowfand clipping on ma old JgOwn.atole out into the psss&ye.; The old boards creaked in tell-tale fashion under his feet as he crept to the top of the stairs: The moonlight shone upon him through the window neat him, bat the h≪ was in d&rkness;, " Who is there P he asked. There wab no answer. The stairs ran iown iato the broad lower ball, the outer Ircr was almoBt at their foot; he could see ?othing, but he en rely heard a step. Some one bad touohed the lock of the oor ; it opened, he saw, or thought he s.»w man standing on the threshold, and fired. A fall followed the sound of the shot, and all was silent) Trembling with agitation the old man went "Btk to his room and groped aboat for matohef and a candle. When he found them he was almoBt unable 0 Btrike a light. The thought that he had perhaps killed some one unnerved bim. The silence there in the hall where some thing lay motionless was terrible. At last, the candle quivering in bis grasp, ??e crept down-stairs and knelt upon the flom where someone lay covered with a greatel ptb ^loak. Some one-a woman not a man-a woman i iVith a wild shriek of, " Sod have mercy on .dc !" he tore the cloak away and saw Pearl -ttired in evening dress ok white and blu". Pearl, with loses in her Belt, and the whiu an and silver-edged card, scribbled fall ot oartners' names, fay her side, Pearl, aB sht led danced at the ball, only that the eyes were glazed and the lips frozen, and the roses -Obked with her heart's blood. His little Pearl! -only she was deaf to hie -noans and cries, and blind to the aogsieh in ?is face. PeBrl, only that she was dear). Dead, and he had killed her. He quite onderstood that sbe had disobeytd him and gone with Hal Alger to tbe ball, and that it was her entrance into the house that he had taken for that of a burglar. He saw bow it bad all happened, and no words can desoribe bis woe and horror. His cries awoke the seighbourhocd, Soon ae was surrounded by those who listened to '.is tale with pity and sorrow. Still in their icarts they blamed bim for firing without making sure that a burglar was really in the 30UE£. And there were a few, not many, who doobted bis story, and fanoied that in «iis wrath at Pearl's disobedience, be bad killed her. In tbe morning the coroner's inquest was .held. The old man seemed going mad. Death had robbed him of many dear one?, *nd bis life was so nearly at an end, that he might have borne tbe loss bravely; but thi '.hought that he bad killed ber was too terrible. His moans rent the air; he conl-. scarcely answer intelligibly. "I have killed ber 1' was all he could say. " I am her murderer 13 fkiBteniog to him, and gazing at his fair victim, strong men wept, and women felt as chough tbeir hearts muet break. Suddenly all were silent. Every eye was fixed upon a figure that strode into the room, it waB Hal Alger, pale and diehevelled. Hal llger, who, as matiy knew, had been dancing it the ball with this sweet, dead girl only a ew hours before, who at one time bad been tier accepted lover. He stepped forward toward the coffin and ^azed down tip an the marble features of Iib ornate. Then be turned towards the coro ner. "I wish to give my testimony," be said. "Old Mr. Thorndyke is innooent o! that -weet angel's blood. Even by accident he :id not ehed it. It was I who billed her. Listen, and I will tell you how it was. We oad returned from the ball, and I had left ier. Half-way down the path I found her pretty handkerchief lying on the ground, .ind returned to give it to her. I could see nothing of ber, and hung it upon one of the -p_pg8 of the rack. Still I lingered, hoping for one more idieu, and aB 1 did so, I saw by the light of 1 window in the upper hail, that Mr. Thorn* lyke was standing at the top of the stairs. *. My first thought was to eBoapeas ib possible. NotguesBing that be was3arnafij| 1 opened tbe door; as I did so nan lilt a pistol and take °W ilash tbe me. In a ootbiDgwllPBBF®am° : 1 wil1 kill him, and «esE. stand between me and happ: jYill r ? kes me for a burglar, and others m the victim of burglars, 'd simultaneously. His bnlkt By ehoalder, grazing my ear, as i saw Pearl rush out of the ^...^iiiiSPtbrow up ber arms, but I did not dream that I had killed ber. My only dread was that ebe would recognise me. " I went bome at once, as if directly from .be ball and only beard what had happened 'bis morning. Yee, it was I who ii led my 'ittle Pearl. And now that I've done mj duty and saved that poor old man some tmoree, I'll go to join ber." Before he coDld be prevented, Hal Alger sad drawn a pistol from bis pocket, put it to nis temple, and fired. They buried tbeBe two love/ side by side in the old graveyard, and Pearl's grandfather iived but a few years longer* But since his death na one can be induced to occupy Tbomdyke Houso. Thty ssy it is haunted, and tell a story of a lovely ghost in ball drets, who, often as the olock strikeB two, is seen to stand at the foot )t the bell stairs, throw up her hands, ana vanish with a'low wail of agony. 