» — i — THE WINDSOR TRAGEDY. LONDON, 25th March. The public excitement in England in connection with the Windsor and Rain- hill tragedies has not abated. Every day crowds assemblo atRninliill, and yesterday night the mob broke through the cordon of police and stormed Dinham Villa in which the tragedies were committed. The owner of Dinham Villa has decided to demolish the premises. It is alleged, but this report does not attain general credence, that Mrs. Deem ing was seen at Liverpool subsequent' to the supposed date of the' Eainhill murders. The policemen detailed at Rainhill for the special duty of guarding Dinham Villa at night heard mysterious noises in the house. Believing that ghosts were walk ing, tho police constables fled in dismay. LONDON, 26th March. A telegram received from Australia throngli Dalziel's agency stating that Williams, alias Swanston, the perpetrator of the Rainhill as well as the Windsor mur ders, had confessed to having committed some of the atrocities attributed to " Jack the Ripper" was published in extra ordinary issues of the evening papers to- lay. The announcement created a tremen dous sensation. It will be secu by a telegram published below that the report ns to Williams having con fessed to having committed the "Jack the Hipper " murders is denied. When tho police were examining Din ham Villa at Rainhill they found a quan tity of aslios in two of the fireplaces. These ashes were subjected to scientific examina tion, with tho result that they are declared to be the remains of garments destroyed l>y fire. These garments are supposed 'to have been destroyed by the murderer on. account of their containing blood stains, LONDON, 27th March. ' There are conflicting opinions as to tho theory that Deeming (Williams) is idoni- - tical with " Jack the Ripper." The offieials of Scotland Yard do not believe that there is any foundation for the theory, but they admit that it is not im possible. It is pointed out that in 1888, when tho prisoner's movements were unknown, six "Ripper" murders were committed,' and on the other hand it is urged; that to suppose that the same person had 'been guilty of the crimes atRamliill and Wind- r nr, is reasonable. There is great excitement at Rain hill, and throughout the country,, where the case is the popular subject of conversation. " Jack the Ripper " was known to possess knives such as that found In the- possession of ' the prisoner. ' " : j The head of the Criminal Investigation Department contemplate trying to; secure a remand of the prisoner to England, hut the report that an English detective had sailed for Australia with that object in view is denied. The course pursued has been to forward documents to Melbourne sufficient to secure the prisoner's extradition in the event of the failure of. the Windsor charges. LONDON, 28th March. The police here are continuing their in quiries in regard to tho Windsor and Rain- hill .: murderer's; career. .- It 'has- been ascertained . that' he went to.' great expebse in.ffiting 'the mother of the Miss. Mathe- son. whom lie marrie'd at Beverley in ;Feb- ru'aiyj 1890,'- and darted throe weeks after wards.: _ ' VWhen in Antwerp poSing.'a3 a noble- mta; he tw'V.I;\eAioia':a\'tele-' gram announcing ' that. liis " castle " 'had. been destroyed .by ;fire.: ' / TH& Siandard, in referring to the career oLthe prisoner charged with- the; murders, says it indicates the limitless resource of guile. The Daily News expresses an opinion that the moral anatomisation at tho trial will yield valuable results. At the inquest to-day on the bodies of Mrs. Deeming and her children at Rain hill, when a verdict of wilful murder was returned against Deeming, alias Williams, tho jury added a rider to their verdict, con demning the inaction of the police. Before the Rainhill murders were committed, pub-; lie suspicion hod been aroused- .by Deem- ing's strange behavior, and the police hod been asked to inquire into his antecedents, bat this they neglected to do. - - ' LONDON, 29ra March. ' ' Commenting .on . the verdict . of the coroner's jury at Rainhill, the Times states that the extraordinary career of Williams or Deeming shows that' ho was essentially a swindler and incidentally a mur derer. , 'I- -DEEMING, ALIAS WILLIAMS — Sketched from Life dv Our Special Artist . .i on board the R.M.S. ballaarat. 