TBE BIRTH AND DEATH OF A NEWSPAPER. A MELBOURNE PAPER CEASES PUB LISHING AFTER A CAREER OF OVER TWENTY YEARS. A TIMELY WARNING TO THE UNINITIATED, If any proof were wanted to show the vicissitudes which a newspaper has to undergo tbe career of tho ill-starred Daily Telegraph, the last publication of which was issued on the 3rd instant, would fur nish suoh. In our own colony the papers, those of the metropolis especially, have had similar up-hill work to encounter, and dur ing tbe existence of tho unfortunate paper under notice we have witnessed tho col lapse of no loss than fourteen newspaper ventures, which were, to all appearances, successfully launched iu various portions of thia territory. Of thia number Fro mantle and Porth claim tho majority of wivcked newspaper plants, while tho ex perience of those who have invested their hard-earned oiati in these seductive b;«ccuI' ations would, doubting, nipply many hours of highly interesting reading1. Bub for a paper with the reputation euch as that of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph to come to grief, is indeed astounding to those not iu the offioid confidence of tho concern, the publication oi which extended over twenty yeara, To thosn of our roadera who may bn uninitiated in the ups and downs iuoideut to newspaper work, tho following history of tho hi'o and death of our con temporary, whoue ill-luck we much regret, will, we trust, be of interest and, let ub hope, material advantage :— The announcement made by the Mel bourne Daily Telegraph on Tueoday, May B, that that waa ita last issue, waa not a sur« priso to anyone iu Australia, and, indeed, the wonder is that it had lasted so long, In its origin it had every reaaonable pro bability of auooGsa, aa ita prime movers wore men of proved ability and long prac tical experience, No journal could wioh for a more efficient man at tho head of each department than Mr, Howard Willoughby aa editor, Mr, Sonierton as manager, and Mr, Purse as accountant, The paper de served success, and it obtained it, and re tained tho publio favour till the now management appointed in 1883, whioh waa composed of men who seemed to think that capital was the one and only requisite for sueceaBful Journalism. They commented a course of extravagance iu tho office which fell little short of reckleB3ueBQ, while attlia same time they weakened the power of the journal by a foolish attempt to com bine the editorial chair with the Preaby= torhn pulpit. It was elear, except to a few fanatics, that suoh a course could only lead to the financial disaster which has now takon place. The Telegraph loafc its hold on the public, decadence net iu, and the process though plow, was nono tho lesa sure. After enduring death in lifo under the new nnnagement for absut nine yearn, it quietly gavo up the ghost ou tho date above-m-ntioned, The Daily Telegraph first eav? tho light of clay on Monday, February 8, 1869, its birth being announced with tho followiug blare of bugles and crashing of dnuna on tho part of the spirited editor1 1— ' Where everything is now and nothing strange, tho mere quality of newness in a public journal will not in itself attraot much atteution here in Victoria, We shall take leave to asaumo therefore, that the difference of ago betweon oui'Gclveo and our local contemporaries will be neither an ad vantage nor a drawback, neither a gain uoi1 a load, unless wo show as a title to ex tended favour that wo are a trifle fresher than they aro, and something livelier than they were wont to bo. On tlio ncore of novelty alone, however, we may claim somo attention, for if we are not wiser than our neighbours, we at least differ from them in this important respect, that wo appear to day aa the unprejudiced and untried ad vocates of purely Liberal principled. Qo fur as Melbourne is concerned, tho char actor of a perfectly independent and fear leas journal is altogether a novel one. Wo ahall contiuue to represent that novol character to the cloge of our career, and un til it ceasoa to bo novel, without reference to mercenary considerations, and without regard to private endB. Wo are not to be bought! we aro not oven in the market. By whatever name political parties aro known, by whatever pledges public men are bounds by whatever links tho unlovely and carpulous rank and file of faction aro associated, vo Bhall Btand apart from tho strife ; and expecting neither feo uor re» tuinur, we shall record tho movements and comment on the manoeuvres of the combat ants, and watch the issues of the conflict in tho iuteresto of tho ono and undivided Liberal party— -the people of Victoria, When we ceaso to do thia wo shall dnservo to drift away on tho slack of Hie tide, into tho outer oueau of obliyion, where our sina will bo visited with thoir duo punishment, and where our wages will come to us in the form of a timely and morited extinction. I'he end and aim of out1 experiment io not to count the welcome shower of coppera from men who despite while they uso us. We have a higher ambition than thi3, aud, theroforo, wo tell the people of Victoria that if wo cannot maintain tho position of independence whiob we propose to ourselves, we shall sink out of sight, and abandon tho field to those who can find cougoniul sus tenance in it, and who posoeus tho noble faculty of gathering grapeo from thictleu, That we havo confidence in thoae to whom wo make our appeal, confidence in ourselves and confidence in tho lino of action which wo havo laid down as that from which wo will not awefve, ia proved by thofietof our existence. Tho reason of our being ia a simple one, We believe that we oro wanted, that wii havo honest work to do, and wo respond to tho call, If the voice which wo answer is not tho voico of tho people, but only an uucortain echo after all, then our perceptions aro at fault, and the jouvanala of the day— we Bay it with bated breath— are genuiue enough for Victoria, and that wj think is aajing more than human credu lity caurealise.' The question naturally arises what was the raison d'etre of tho ven ture, what hid ocourrad to render tho ouo» cess of the undertaking probable at this particular tiino ? The HeraU, which had oxiated for many years ae a morning journal had just been converted into an evening paper s tho Argus and tho Ago hud not covered go wide an a.-ea aa they do at present and heace it waa L\t by the promoters that a Huillciont (?up existed to justify the publication of another mormni? journal, in place or tlio cMunofc Herald. After muoh deliberation five gen tleui'Jil uudertook to step iuto tho breach. Several good aieu hid beeu connected with tho Herald in its oareer before ib readied the 'laBtscenoof all,' and amougat thoao were Mr. Charles F. Sjniei'tou, manager, and Mr. Purse, accountant. The transaction which translated the Morning Herald into the Evening Herald na it exintii to-day, wascirriod out by Mr. David Oymo, who bought tho goodwill and all upportuiuiug thereto. All1, ^yuie, after buying' the Mora ing Herald, and converting it into an oven in|j p:tper, with tho same nomenclature, re quested Mr. Someiton to take clmvuo of it ou tho mod1, liberal terms. Mr. Some'rtoa did so, but owing to curtain disagreements, which only affected tho paitius directly concerned, Mr. Si'imrtoa ro»iguod his posit ijn on tho Herald shortly aftomards. This incident, small as it may appear in iuself, was fraught with large results, us it led to the foundation of thn Daily Telegraph, Mr, Somerton took counsel with several Mends, with the result that five gentle men, including himsolf, joined in the en terprise of starting a morning journal. Tlio meeting, at whiob the prospectus was drawn out, was held at Mr. Bomerton's bouse, ' Goodwood Lodgt',' Richmond, and it was published ia the two morning papois the next morning— but, ia tbe case of the Age, the proprietors wfwed to allow a second insertion. Had Mr. Syrae aud Mr. Somer ton been moro agruenble, or less diaagreea ble, in their relations towards each utber, the ohanees are that the TeUgraph would never, have comn into existence. As it was, however, it did come into wxiatouce. the sponsors being Mr. Somerton, managers Mr. i'urse, accountant ; Mr. 11. Uowdr.n (of the firm of Messrs. W. P. White and Company, shipping agents) j Mr. Howard Willoughby (who had resigned his position on Hansard to take oliico and pnrt proprie torship of tho journal), aid the old and respected solicitor, Mr. J, G. Dufl'ett. IBFVointhe very firdfc the jounnl was written with a vigour and independence that let light into many matters whioh the existing journals had hitherto ignored, The other morning papers had to look to their laurels ; bore was a dashing sort of jour nalism that took no notice of paitiea, ana M)« old prosaic press of tho timo was rudely shaken from ita slumbor, and wae forced to rise to the oooasion, whioh, undoubtedly, ib ma. Uut bo it romombored, that though toe Daily Telegraph has in a long run beoo a flnnnoial failure, it haa done moro tlmo any other fftotoroxiatont in Viotorlo- to- ? wards elevating tho tone of journalism— by ' '' example, and keen competition, In spite of the animosity— possibly very natural— with whioh tho Daily Telegraph had to contend, the paper mado a start, but when printiug ita first issue tb© maehmory broke clown, and they had to have it printed by tho Argus, The initial difllGultiefj ware eventually overcome and the vouturo wai duly launched. In 1877 Mr, Wilioughby wan induced to join th* ?'?' Argus ufctift', aa hla force iu writing was fouud to bo too formidable in a rival, Shortly afterwards ho sold his Interest to tho othor partneiu After thfa tho paper took up a strong position against the uotiona of tho Berry Government, ftndit) Bind some very bittjr thingo about thtmi, ''' An important chanp ooouvi'od in the re tirement of Mr. Lynoh, who left to become part in'owriotor of the Sydney Daily 'Md graph, and wan succeeded by Mr, Uebert Walkor, who occupied tlio editorial obah? ; i m mo original arm now tho journal to a limited liability company coasiHtlng of'' Mosaic, Bnlfoiu1, Moodio, Davit 3 (now .Sir Mjr,), and Hiohmond, a wealthy squatter. Thio tniwmotiou took place about;1 ? ? September, 1003, Tho original firm claim that tho Telegraph ? ,vaa a financial sucoens from the vory start / 1 up to the time they upld, and tho reason^ which induced thmn to noil in obvious . , enough, whoa stated, The journal had ? ? ) beuntooomo exfcout ' ftoody-goody, ' but not oufMeutly uo foi1 a certain olasa of i'oligloua c-aiiGuii/jts. A. deputation from:,- ,;- these v/aited upon tlio manager and request'; ed him to go furbhoi' in thia direction and. ,' mako tho papor practically hh exponent of their ultra views, Thio tlio malinger re« fused to do, rocofjniaiuf? that they had already jfoiic au far nn thoy could with , safety . Tho deputation replied by thioatoU' ing to start a fourth morning paper, whioh would give full ucopo to their poouliar' views of theology, Negotiations ensued, with tho result that tho Telegraph became the property of tho {jontlomou abovo men* - tioned, So fearleB3 and outnpolrGU wan tho Tele- ? ' graph that it novor hcjitatud to oxpoae ?- u wrong, and this led to moro than on» libel action, but iu ovovy oaooit came off victorious. Amongat ofcliow wnn fcho famous Oakloigh scandal, whioh wao uo vigorously exposed that an notion for .floOOO ivag brought against t-ho papor, Ou a legal point tho plaintiff wao awarded ^1, damaffoo, whioh waa equivalent to a verdict for tho defendant, To the uurprino of everybody fclio Judgo (the luto Mr, Juutico Harry) gavo coata agninat tho pper, Tlio oym pathien of tho publio of Molboiu'iio woro with tho papor, and a mooting wao called at whioh tho full amount of! oo.itfi would havo been subscribed, bub tho proprietors refused to acoopb it, ? In 1093, theroforo, a now cm, whioh may ' : ba described ao the rroabytorlaH-Bvango* Heal ora, waa inanffuwtod under tlio mauagomont of Mr. J. MoKinloy, and with u few alterations of the personnel of the proprietors, it continued under fchnt regime ni till its dea'h, 