In the Days of the A MILITARY NOVEL. By G. A. H E N T Y, Author ov ChxrM of Otme'i .-Hold," u A Hidden yoe," "The Plague Ship," 'l4Witb Clive in India," &o;» || ATT. QTTEEKBXJLZTD HI0HT3 BESEEVZD.^ CHAPTER IX: OCTOR WADE was sitting in the veranda, smoking and reading an English paper that had arrived by that morning's mail, when Isobel returned. ' 'Good morning,* doctor. Is uncle tack?' 'Not yet. He told me he might be ^slf an hour late and that I was to come • found and amuee you mitil he came back.' 'So in my absence you have been (musing yourself, doctor. I have been found at Mrs. Hunter's, she is going to fave a juggler there this evening, and we (re all to go.' ' Yes, I got achit from lier this mom >g> I have seen scores of them, but I pake a point of never miseing an exhi bition when I get the chance. I hate (nything I don't understand, and I go With the faint hope of being able to find things out, though I kuow perfectly well that I shall not do so.' ' Then you think it is not all quite natural, doctor.' '1 don't say it is not natural, because we don't know what all the naturul laws sue, but I say that some of the things I linve •sen certainly are not to ho ' accounted for by anything we do know. It is not often that the jugglers show their best tricks to the whites. They know that, as a rule, we are altogether sceptical, but I have seen at native courts more than once the most astounding things; things absolutely incomprehensible and inex plicable. I don't suppose we are going to see anything of that sort to-night, though ILrs. Hunter said in her note that they had heard from the native servant (hat this man waB a famous one. ' There is a sect of people in India, I don't mean a caste, but a sort of secret . aaciety, who, I believe, claim to be able by some sort of influence to suspend altogether the laws of nature. I do not say that I believe themas a scientific man, it .is my duty not rto believe them, but I huve seen such things done by some of the higher tlusa of jugglers, and that under cir enmstances that did not seem to admit of .the possibility of deception, that I am •bliged to snspend my judgment, which, as you may imagine, my dear, is exceed ingly annoying to me; but some of them .do possess to a considerable extent what the Scotch call second sight, that is to say, the power of foreseeing certain events in the future. Of that I am morally certain; ' I have seen proofs of it over and over •gain. ' For example, onco an old fakir ■whom I lmd cured of a badly ulcerated limb, tame up just as I was storting on a shoot ing expedition. 1" Do not go out to-day," he said. " I foresee evil for you. I saw you last night brought back badly wounded." But if I don't go your dream will come wrong," I said. 1 He shook his head. 4 " You will go in spite of what I say," ■ he said, " and you will suffer and others too," and he looked at a group of shikaris who wore standing together, ready to • make a start. 4" How many men are there," ho said. 4,1 AYhy six of course," I replied. 4 " I see only three," ho said, 41 and ' three dull spots. One of those I see is holding his matchlock on his shoulder, another is examining his priming, the third is sitting down by the fire. Thoso \- three will come back at the end of the day, the other three will not return alive." 41 felt rather uncomfortable, but I wasn't aa.I said to myself—I was a good •»1 younger then, my deal—snoh * d as to be deterred from 'what promised to be a good day's sports by such nonsense as this— and I went. ' "We were going after a rogue elephant that had been doing a lot of damage among the natives' plantations. "We found him, and a savage brute he turned out to be. He moved just as I fired, and though 1 hit him it was not on the fatal spot, and he charged right down among us. He caught the very three men the fakir said were doomed and dashed the life out of them; then ho enme at mc. The hearer had run off with my second gun, and he seized me and flung me up in the air. ' I fell in a tree, but broke three of my ribs and one of my arms; fortunately, though the beast tried to get at me, I was out of h>B reach, nnd the tTee was too strong for him to knock down. Then another man who was with me came up and killed him, and they got me down and curritd me bank, 'and I .was weeks before I was about again. That was something more than u coincidence, I think. There was some twenty men out with us, nnd just the four he had pointed out were hurt and no other?. ' I hare seen scores of other cases in which these predictions have come true, especially in caseB of disease; though I grant thai hero the predictions often bring about their own fulfilment. If a native is told by a fakir or holy man that he is going to die he makes no struggle to lire. In several cases I have, seen natives whose deaths have been predicted die without, so far as my science could tell me, any discuse or ailment whatever that should have been fatal to them. They simply sank—died, I should say— from pure fright. But putting oside this olass, I bare seen enough to convince me that some ut least among these fanatics do possess the power of second sight.' ' That is very extraordinary, doctor. Of course, I h»Tc heard of second sight among certain old people in Scotland, but I did not believe in it.' ' I should not have believed in it if I had not tesn the name thing here in India. I naturally have been interested in it, and have read pretty well everything that has been written about second sight among the Highlanders, and soms of the incidents are so well authenticated that I scarcely see how thty can be denied. Of course, there is no accounting for it, but it is possible that among what we may call primitive people there are certain intuitions or instincts, call them what you like, that hate been lost by civilised people. ' The power of scent in a dog is some thing so vastly beyond anything we ean even imagine possible, fhet though wc put it down to instinct it is really almost inexplicable. Take the case that dogs have been known to be taken by railway journeys of many hundred miles, and to have found their way home again on foot. There is clearly the possession of a power which is to us absolutely unaecountnble. 'But here comes your uncle, he will think I have been preaching o sermon to you if you look so grave.' But Major Hannay was too occupied with his own thoughts to notice Isobel. ' Has anything gone wrong, major ?' the doctor asked as he saw his face. ' I have just learnt,' the major said, 1 that some more chupaties were brought last night. It is most annoying. I have questioned several of the native officers and they profess to have no idea whence they came or what is the meaning of them. I wish we could get to tho bottom of this thing, it keeps tho troops in a ferment. If I could get hold of one of these messengers I would get out of him all he know, even if I had to roast him to make him tell.' 'My dear uncle,' Isobel said, reprov ingly, ' I am surejou don't mean what you ity,' ' I don't know,' he said, hall laughing, 11 should certainly consider myself per fectly justified in taking uncommonly strong steps to try to get to the bottom of this business. The thing is going on all over India and it must mean something, and it is all the worse if taken in connec tion with this absurd idea about the greased cartridges. I grant that it was an act of folly greasing them at all, when we know the idiotic prejudices the natives have, still it could hardly have been foreseen that this stir would have been made. The issue of the cartridges has been stopped, but when the natives once get an idea into their minds it is next to impossible to disabuse them of it. It is a tiresome business altogether.' ' TifHn ready, sahib,' llumzan inter rupted, coming out ou to the veranda. ' That is right, llumzan. Now, Isobel, let us think of more pleasant subjects.' ' We are to go into the Hunters this evening, uncle,' Isobel said as she sat down. ' There is going to be a famous juggler there. There is a note for you from Mrs. Hunter on the mantel.' 1 Very well, my dear; some of these fellows are well worth seeing. Bathurat is coming into dinner. I saw him as he was sturting this morning, just as he was going down to the lines, and he accepted. He said he should be able to get hack i.n time. However, I don't suppose he will mind going round with us. I hope yon will come, doctor, to make up the table. I have asked the two boys' to come ' I shall have to become a permanent boarder at your establishment, major. It is really useless my beeping a cook when I am in here nearly half my time. But I will come. I am off for three days to morrow. A villager came in this morning to beg me to go out to rid them of a tiger that has established himself in their neigh bourhood, -and that is an invitation that I never refuse if I can possibly manage to make time for it. Fortunately everyone is so healthy here it present, that I can he very well spared." At dinner the subject of juggling came up again and the two subalterns expressed their opiuion strongly that it was all humbug. ' Dr. Wade believes in it, Mr. Wilson,' Isobel'said. ' 'You don't say bo, doctor; I should have thought you were the last sort of i man who would have believed in con j jurors. • It requires a wise man to believe, I Wilson,' the doctor said; 'any fool can scoff, the wise man questions. When you have been here as long as I have, and if you ever get as much sense as I have, which is doubtful, you may he less posi tive in your ideas, if you can call them ideas.' ' That is one for me,' Wilson ssid, good hurnouredly, whi!o the others laughed. ' Well 1 liare never seen them, doctor, except those fellows who come round to the Teranda, and I have seen conjurers at home do ever so mach better tricks than they do.' 1 What do you think-of them, Mr. Bathurst ?' Isobel asked. ' I suppose you have seen tome of the better sort {' ' I#do not know what to think of them, Mies Hannay. I used to be rather of Wilson's opinion, but I have seen things 6ince that I could not account for at all. There was a man here two or three months hack who astounded me.' ' Mrs. Hunter said that the girls had had no opportunity of seeing a good con jurer since they came oat, Mr. Bathurst. I suppose" they did not know this men you are speaking of being here ?' ' He was only here for a few hours. Miss Hannay. I had happened to meet him before, and he gave me a private performance, which was quite different to anything I have ever seen, though I had often heurd of the feats he had per formed. I was so impressed with them that I can assure you that for a few days I had great difficulty in keeping my mind upon my work.' ' What did ho dp, Mr. Bathurst ?' Bathurst related the feat of the dis appearing girl. •' She must have jumped down when you were not looking,' llichnrds said, with an air of conviction. 'Vossibly,' Bathurst replied, quietly. ' But as I was within three or four yards of the pole, and it was perfectly distinct in the light of my lamp, and as I cer tainly saw her till she was some 80 or 40 feet up in the air, I don't sec how she can have managed it. For, even suppos ing she could haTe sprung down that distance without being hurt, she would not have come down so noiselessly that I should not hare heard her,' ' Still, if she did not come down that way how could ahe have, come ?' Wileon aaid. 'That is exactly what I.can't make out,' Bathurst replied. ' If it should happen to be the same man and he will do the same thing again I fancy you will be as much puzzled as I was.' After dinner was over the party walked across to Mr. Hunter's bungalow, where in a short time the other officers, their wives, and all the other residents at the station, were assembled. Chairs were placed in the veranda for the ladie3, and a number of lamps hung on the wall, so that a strong light was thrown upon the ground in front of it; in addition four posts had been driven into the ground some 20 feet from the veranda, and lamps hud been fastened upon them. ' I don't know whether the juggler will like that,' Mr. Hunter said, ' and I shan't light them if he objects. I don't think myself it is quite fair having a light behind him; still, if he agrees it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movement without being seen.' The juggler, who was sitting round at the other side of the honse, was now called up ; he and the girl who followed him Balaamed deeply, and made an even deeper bow to Bathnrst, who was stand ing behind Isabel's chair. 1 You must have paid them well, Bathurst,' Major Hannay said. ' They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favours. I suppose they are the same you were talking about ?' ' Yes, they are the same people, major.' Then he said, in the native dialect to the juggler, ' Mr. Hunter has put some posis with lamps behind you, Kujub, but he hasn't lit them because he did not know whether you would object.' ' They can he lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkness. Any of the sahibs who like to stand behind us can do so if they do not come within the line of those posts.' ' let us go out there,' Wilson said to Bichards when the answer was translated; ' we will light the lamps; and we shall see better there than we shall here.' The two went round to the other side and lit the lamps, and the servants stood a short distance oft on either side. The first trick shown was the well known mango tree. The juggler placed a seed in the ground, poured some water upon it from a lota, and covered it with a cloth. In two or three minutes he lifted this, and a plant 4 or 5 inches high was seen. He covered this with a tall basket, which he first handed round for inspection. On removing this a mango tree some 3 feet high, in full bloom, was seen. It was again covered, and when the basket was removed it was seen to he covered with ripe fruit, eliciting excla mations of astonishment from those among the spectators who had not before seen the trick performed. ' How, "Wilson,' the doctor said, ' per haps you will be kind enough to explain to us how this was done ?' ' I have no more idea than Adam, doctor.' ' Then we -will leave it to Richards. He promised us at dinner to keep his eyes well open.' Biehards made no reply. ' How was it done, Mr. Batfmrst ? It seetni almost like a miracle.' 11 am as ignorant as "Wilson is, Miss Hannay. I can't account for it in any way, and I have seen it done a score of times. Ah! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't be alarmed when yon hear the girl cry out. You may he quite sure that she is not hurt. The father ia deeply attached to her, and would not hurt a hair of her head.' Again the usual methods were adopted. The basket was placed on the ground and the girl stepped into it, without the pre-, tence nf f»*r usually exhibited by the performers. Before the trick began, Major Hannay said to Captain Doolan : ' Come round with me to the side of those boys. I know the first time I saw ill done I was nearly throwing myself on the juggler, and Wilson is a hotdheaded boy, and is likely as not to do so.1" If he did tha man would probably go off in a hnff and show us nothing more. From what llathurst said we are likely t see something unusual.' , As soon as the lid was put down an apparently angry colloquy took place be tween tho juggler and the girl inside. Presently the man appeared to becoma enraged, and snatching up a long straight sword from the ground, ran it threa or four times through the basket. A loud shriek followed the first thrust, and then all was silent. Same of the ladies rose to their feet with a cry of horror, Tsohel among them. "Wilson and Bicharda both started to rush forward, but were seized by the collars by the major and Captain Doolan. * Will yon open the basket ? the jug gler said quietly to llrs. Hunter. As she had seen the trick before she stepped forward without hesitation, opened the lid of the basket and said ' It is empty.' The juggler took it and held it np, bottom upwards. ' What on earth has become of the girl?' Wilson exclaimed. As he spoke she passed between him and Richards back to her father's side. ' Well, I nm dashed,' Wilson mur mured, ' I would not hare beliered it if fifty people had sworn to me they had seen it.' He was too much confounded even to reply when the doctor sarcastic ally said— ' We are waiting for your explanation, gentlemen.' ' Will you ask him, major,' Richards said, as he wiped his forehead with his pocket-handkerchief, ' to make suro that ehe is solid ?' The major translated the request, and the girl at once came across, and Richards touched her with evident doubt as to whether she was really flesh and blood. There was much curiosity among those who had seen jugglers before as to what would be the next feat, for generally those just seen were the closing ones of a performance, hut as these were the first it seemed that those to follow must he extraordinary indeed. The next feat was the one shown to Cathorst, and was performed exactly as upon that occasion except that as the girl rose beyond the circle of light she re mained distinctly visible, a sort of phos phoric light playing around her; Those in the veranda had come ont now, the juggler warning them not to approach within 6 feet of the pole. ■ Higher and higher the girl went until those below judged her to be at least 150 feet from the ground. Then the light died out, and she disappeared from their sight. There was silence for a minute or two, and then the end of the pole could be seen descending without her. Another minute, and it was reduced to the length it had been at starting. The spectators were silent now. The whole thing was so strange and mys terious that they had no words to express their feeling. The juggler said something which Air. Hunter translated to be a request for all to resume their places. < ' That is a wonderful trick,' the doctor said to Bathurst. ' I have never seen it done that way before, bat I once saw a juggler throw a rope up into the air. How high it went I don't know, for liko this it was done at night, but it stood up perfectly stifi, and the juggler's attendant climbed np. He went higher and higher, and we ooold hear his voice coming down to ns. At last it stopped, and then suddenly the rope fell in coils on the ground,. and the boy -walked quietly in just as that girl ha3 done now.' The girl now placed herself in the centre of the open space. ' You will please not to speak while Hiis trick is being performed,' the juggler said; ' harm might come of it. Watch the ground near her feet.' A minute later a dark object made its appearance from the ground. It rose Mgher end higher with an undulating movement. ' By Jove, it is a python,' the doctor whispered in Bathurst's ear. A similar exclamation broke from several of the others, hut the juggler waved his hand -with an authoritative hush. The snake rose until its head towered above that of the girl, and then began to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground until it enveloped her with five coils each thicker than a man's arm. It raised its head above hers and hissed loudly and angrily ; and then its tail began to descend, gradually the coils unwound themselves—lower and lower it descended until it disappeared altogether. It was some time before anyone spoke, so great was the feeling of wonder. The . doctor was the first to break the silence. ' I have never seen that before,' he said, • though I have heard of it from a native \- rajah.' ' Would the sahibs like to see more ?' the juggler ssked. The two bliss Hunters, Mrs. Bintonl, end several of the others said ' they had seen enough,' bat among the men there was a general wish to see another feat. . ~ 'I would not have missed this for any . thing,' the doctor said. ' It would he simple madness to throw away such a chance.' Tbe ladies, therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. Doolan, and Isobel, retired into the house. ' You must all go on one side now,' the juggler said, * for it is only on one side j what I am now going to do cau be J seen.' j no then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal. When he had done this he said, ' the lights must now he extinguished and the curtains drawn, bo that the light will not stream out from the house.' As soon as this was done he poured a powder over the fire, and by its faint light the cloud of white smoke could be seen. ' Now I will sbow you tbe past,' he said, ' who spoaks.' There was silence, and then Doctor Wade said, ' Show me my past.' A faint light stole up over tho smoke, it grew brighter and brighter, and then a picture was clearly seen upon it. It was the sea, a house standing by itself in a garden and separated from the water only by a road. Presently the figure of a girl appeared at the gate, and slipping out looked down the road as if waiting for some one. They could make out all the details of her dress and see her features distinctly. A low exclamation broke from the doctor, then tbe picture gradually faded away. • The future," the juggler said, and gradually an Indian scene appeared on the smoke. It was a long, straight road, bordered by a jungle. A native was seen approaching; he paused in the fore ground. ' That is yon, doctor,' Mr. Hunter ex claimed, ' yon are got up as a native, but it's you.' Almost at the same moment two figures came out from the jungle, they were also in native dress. 'You and Hiss Hannay,* the doctor said in a low tone to Bathurst, 1 dressed like natives and dyed.' Bat no one else detected the disguises, and the picture again faded away. ' That is enough, Kujub,' Bathurst said, for he felt Isobel lean hack heavily against the hand which he held at the hack of her chair, and felt sure that she had fainted. ' Draw hack the curtains, someone, I fancy this has been too much for Hiss Hannay.' The curtains were thrown hack, and Mrs. Hunter running in, brought out a lamp. The doctor had already taken his place by Isohel's side. 'Yes, she has fainted,' he said to Bathurst, ' carry her in her chair as she is so that she may he in the room when she comes to.' This was done. 'Now, gentlemen,'the doctor said, 'you had better light the lamps again out here, and leave the ladies and me to get Miss Hannay round.' When the lamps were lit it could be seen that the whole of the men were a good deal shaken by what they had seen. ' Well,' Mr. Hunter said, 'they told me ho was a famous juggler, but that beat anything I have seen before. I have heard of such things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom that Europeans get a chance of seeing them.' 'I don't want to see anything of the sort again.' Major Hannay said, 'it Bhakes one's notions of things in general. I fancy, Hunter, that we shall want a strong peg all round to steady our nerves. I own that I feel as shaky as a boy who thinks he sees a ghost on his way through a churchyard.' There was a general murmur of agree ment, and the materials were quickly brought. 'Well, Wilson, what do you and Richards think of it?' the major went on after he had braced himself up with a Btrong glass of brandy and water. ' I should imagine you both feel a little less sceptical than you did two hours ago.' ' I don't know what Richards feels, major, but I know I feel like a fool. I am sorry, Bathnrst, for what I said at dinner, hut it really didn't seem to me to be possible what you told us about the girl going up into the air, and not coming dawn again. Well, after I have seen what I have seen this evening I won't disbelieve anything I hear in future abont these natives.' ' It was natural ODough that you should be incredulous,' Bathurst said. II should have been just as incredulous 1 as you were when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, thongh I have seen some good jugglers before.' At this moment the doctor came out again. ' Mies Hannay is all right again now, major. I am not surprised at her faint ing ; old hand as I am at these matters, and I think that 1 have seen as much, or more juggling than any man in India, I felt very queer myself, specially at the snake business. As I said, 1 have seen that ascension trick before, but how it is done I have no more idea than a child. Those smoke scenes, too, are astonishing. Of course they could be accounted for as thrown up a column of white smoke by a magic lantern, but there was certainly no magic lantern here, the juggler was stauding close to me, and the girl was sitting at his feet. I watched them both closely, and certainly they had no apparatus about them by which such views could bo thrown on the smoke.' 'You recognistd the first scene, I suppose, doctor ?' Bathurst asked. ' Perfectly. It took me back '25 years. It was a cottage near Sidmoutb, and was correct in every minute detail. The figure was that of the young lady I married four years afterwards. Many a time have I seen her standing just like that a3 I went along the road to meet her from the little inn at which I was stop ping; the very pattern of her dress, which I need hardly say has never been in my mind all these years, was recalled to me. ' Had I been thinking of the scene at the time I could have accounted for it somehow, upon the theory that in some way or other the juggler was conscious of my thought and reflected it upon the smoke—how, I don't at all mean to say; but undoubtedly there exists to some extent the power of thought-reading. It j is a mysterious subject, and one of which, i we know absolutely nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred years mankind may have discovered maDy i secrets of nature in that direction. ' But I certainly was not thinking of j that scene when I spoke and said " the past." I had no doubt that he would show me something of the pa6t, but cer tainly noparticular incident passed through my mind before that picture appeared on the smoke.' 'The other was almost as curious, doctor,' Captain Doolan said, ' for it was certainly you masquerading as a native. I believe the other was Bathurst; it struck mo so ; and he seemed to he run ning off with some native girl. What on earth conld that all mean ?' ' It is no use puzzling ourselves about it,' the doctor Baid. ' It may or may not come true. I have no inclination to go about dressed up as a native at present, but there is no saying what I may come to. There is quite enough for us to wonder at in the other things. The mango and basket tricks I have seen a dozen times, and am no nearer now than I was at Erst to understanding them. That ascension trick beats me altogether, and there was something horribly un canny about the snake.' 'Bo you think it was a real snake, doctor?' I That I cannot tell you, Richards. Every movement was perfectly natural. I could see the working of the ribs as it wound itself round the girl and the quivering of its tongue as it raised its head above her. At any other time I should he ready to take my affidavit that it was a python of an unusual size, hut at the present moment £ should not like to give a decided opinion about anything connected with the performance.' II suppose it is no use asking the juggler any questions, Hunter?' one of the other men Baid. 'Hot iu the least; they never do answer questions. The higher class of jugglers treat their art as a sort of religious mystery, and there is no instance known of their opening their lips, although large sums have frequently been offered them. In the present case yon will certainly ask no questions, for the man and girl have both disappeared with the box and apparatus and everything connected with them. They must have slipped off directly the last trick was over, and before we had the lamp lighted. I sent after him once, hut the servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed because I have not paid thorn.' ] ' I am not surprised at that,' Dr. "Wade ! Baid. 'It is quite in accordance with what I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks; but I have heard from natives that when they Bhow any what I may call supernatural feats they do not take money. It is done to oblige some powerful rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on a very few occasions that Euro peans have ever seen them. "Well, wc may as well go into the ladies. I don't fancy any of them would be inclined to come out on to the veranda again this evening.' (To is continued.) 