He TumeclOyer a New Leaf. ' I&mgping; to turn over anew leaf/ he said, feebly, his pallid lips wearing just feghost pf pi smile. ' StiU delirious,' said the doctor, with professional gravity. ' No,' , said the sick man's wife-she wasaisohis nurse and sole watcher, 'Jim is in; his, right mind when he begin? to turn over, a new leaf.' * Oh» that's a habit of his, is it ?' asked the doctor, as if he didn't know what everybody else knew, that poor, weak, shiftless Jim Worthen was always going, to do something that he never did. ' I've seen it all since I've been lying sick.' It was Jim's feeble voice now. ' I've been such a worthless, selfish hus band to you, Nellie-such an idle, good for-nothing fellow 1' ? No. no, Jim,' protested his wife, cry ing softly, * you were always kind to me. It wasn't your fault that things went wrong.'' ' Qhi l ean see now as I never saw be forehow I have wasted the great oppor tunities of life. But I'll turn over a new leaf-M:his time I am in earnest.' He had done it many times. All the fair -white leaves of his life he had turned over, and now the recording angel had thens in his keeping* foiled, blotted, ille gible, nothing to compute from their poor moral arithmetic but the time he had'wasted. Hush ! the sick mail is talking. Not tnrning the leaves over now, but back wards, for an his troubled sleep his pale lips move, and he babbles of his boyhood's days-of a deep still tarn in the woods where .the trout leap-a place that he only, knows of. His wife smiles. He is dreaming, she says. When he awakes with a start he looks j strangely at them all: ? Why-why where am I ? Where is mother r His faithful Wife is forgotton. Another face^-one that has been under the grave yard mosses for years-is in his memory now; 11 thought she was here,' he said faint ly. * Oh, I remember now. I was sick and dreaming. Let me get up. I want to begin all over again. I have turned over a newleaf.' ' Yesrdear Jtrcu' Nellie held his wan white hand in hers. H«; did not feel< this tears that were softly dropping upon them. 4 We*ll go home first and visit the old foiksi. I never look you home, Nellie, and they'll be glad to see as. I've been the proiSical fedh, but they'l J forgive me. What tiras that mother used to read ? * In my father's house are many man sions.* There'll be room for me there, for I've turned over a new leal-it's-all white and clean-a-new leaf-* 'Jim, «h, Jim V His eyes gehtly closed-he had turned ! the aw leaf. ' . . __ 'M . f ? * " . 