OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER VIII. THE INGOMBOCO. After this there was quiet till the Feast of the First-fruits was ended. But few people were slain at this feast, though there was a great Ingomboco, or witch hunt, and many were smelt out by the witch-doctors as working magic against the king. Now, things had come to this pass in Zululand-that the whole people cowered before the witch-doctors. No man might sleep safe, for none knew but that on the morrow he would be touched by the wand of an Isanusi, as we name a finder of witches, and led away to his death. For a while Chaka said nothing, and so long as the doctors smelt out those only whom he wished to slay-and they were many-he was well pleased. But when they began to work for their own ends, and to do those to death whom he did not desire to kill, he grew angry. Yet the custom of the land was that he whom the witch-doctor touched must die, he and all his house ; therefore the king was in a cleft stick, for he scarcely dared to save even those whom he loved. One night I came to doctor him, for he was sick in his mind. On that very day there had been an Ingomboco, and five of the bravest captains in the army had been smelt out by the Abangoma, the witch finders, together with many others. All had been slain, and men had been sent to kill the wives and children of the dead. Now, Chaka was sore at heart about this slaying, and opened his breast to me. " It is the witch-doctors who rule in Zululand, and not I, Mopo, son of Make dama," he said to me. " Where, then, is it to end? Shall I myself be smelt out and slain ? These Isanusis are too strong for me ; they lie upon the land like the shadow of night. Tell me, how may I be free of them ?" "Those who walk the Bridge of Spears, 0 king, fall off into the Nowhere," I answered darkly ; " even witch-doctors cannot keep a footing on that bridge. Has not a witch-doctor a heart that can cease to beat ? Has he not blood that can be made to flow ?" Chaka looked at me strangely. " Thou art a bold man who darest to speak thus to me, Mopo," he said. " Dost thou not know that it is sacrilege to touch an Isanusi ?" "I speak that which is the king's mind," I answered. " Hearken, O king ! It is indeed sacrilege to touch a true Isanusi, but what if the Isanusi be a liar? What, if he smell out falsely, bringing those to death who are innocent of evil? Is it then sacrilege to bring him to that end which he has given to many another? Say, O king!" "Good words !" answered Chaka. "Now tell me, son of Makedama, how may this matter be put to proof?" Then I leaned forward, whispering into the ear of the Black One, and he nodded heavily. Thus I spoke then, because I, too, saw the evil of the Isannsis, I who knew their secrets. Also, I feared for my own life and for the lives of all those who were dear to me. For they hated me as one instructed in their magic, one who had the seeing eye and the hearing ear. One morning thereafter a new thing came to pass in the royal kraal, for the king himself ran out, crying aloud to all people to come and see the evil that had been worked upon him by a wizard. They came together and saw this. On the doorposts of the gateway of the Intunkulu, the house of the king, were great smears of blood. The knees of men strong in battle trembled when they saw it ; women wailed alond as they wail over the dead ; they wailed because of the horror of the omen. " Who has done this thing ?" cried Chaka, in a terrible voice. " Who has dared to bewitch the king and to strike blood upon his house ?" There was no answer, and Chaka spoke again. "This is no little matter," he said, "to be washed away with the blood of one or two and be forgotten. The man who wrought it shall not die alone or travel with a few to the world of spirits. All his tribe shall go with him, down to the baby in his hut and the cattle in his kraal ! Let messengers go out east and west, and north and south, and summon the witch- doctors from every quarter ! Let them summon the captains from every regiment and the headmen from every kraal ! On the tenth day from now the circle of the Ingomboco shall be set, and there shall be such a smelling out of wizards and of witches as has not been known in Zulu- land!" So the messengers went out to do the bidding of the king, taking the names of those who should be summoned from the lips of the indunas, and day by day people flocked up to the gates of the royal kraal, and, creeping on their knees before the majesty of the king, praised him aloud. But to none did he vouchsafe an answer. One noble only he caused to be slain, because he carried in his hand a stick of the royal red wood, which Chaka himself had given him in bygone years. On the last night before the forming of the Ingomboco, the witch-doctors, male and female, entered the kraal. There were a hundred and half a hundred of them, and they were made hideous and terrible with the white bones of men, with blad- ders of fish and of oxen, with fat of wizards, and with skins of snakes. They walked in silence till they came in front of the Intunkulu, the royal house ; then they stopped and sang this song for the king to hear - We have come, O king, we have come from the caves and the rocks, and the swamps, To wash in the blood of the slain ; We have gathered our host from the air as vultures are gathered in war When they scent the blood of the slain. We come not alone, O king : with each Wise One there passes a ghost, Who hisses the name of the doomed. We come not alone, for We are the sons and Indunas ef Death, And he guides our feet to the doomed. [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] Red rises the moon o'er the plain, red sinks the sun in the west, Look, wizards, and bid them farewell ! We count you by hundreds who cried for a curse on the king. Ha ! soon we'll bid yen farewell ! Then they were silent, and went in silence to the place appointed for them, there to pass the night in mutterings and magic. But those who were gathered together shivered with fear when they heard their words, for they knew well that many a man wonld be switched with the gnu's tail before the sun sank once more. And I, too, shivered, for my heart was full of fear. Ah ! my father, those were evil days to live in when Chaka ruled, and death met us at every turn ! Then no man might call his life his own, or that of his wife or child, or anything. All were the king's, and what war spared that the witch-doctors took. The morning dawned heavily, and be- fore it was well light the heralds were out summoning all to the king's Ingomboco. Men came by hundreds, carrying a short stick only-for to be seen armed was death-and seated themselves in the great circle before the gates of the royal house. Oh ! their looks were sad, and they had little stomach for eating that morning, they who were food for death. They seated themselves, then round them on the outside of the circle gathered knots of warriors, chosen men, great and fierce, armed with kerries only. These were the slayers. When all were ready, the king came forth, followed by his indunas and by me. As he appeared, wrapped in his kaross of tiger skins and towering a head higher than any man there, all the multitude and it was many as the game on the hills -cast themselves to earth, and from every lip sharp and sudden went up the royal salute of Bayéte. But Chaka took no note ; his brow was cloudly as a moun- tain top. He cast one glance at the people and one at the slayers, and wher- ever his eye fell men turned grey with fear. Then he stalked on, and sat himself upon a stool to the north of the great ring looking toward the open space. For a while there was silence; then from the gates of the women's quarters came a band of maidens arrayed in their beaded dancing dresses, and carrying green branches in their hands. As they came, they clapped their hands and sang softly: We are the heralds of the king's feast. Ai ! Ai! Vultures shall eat it. Ah! Ah! It is good-it is good to die for the king ! They ceased, and ranged themselves in a body behind us. Then Chaka held up his hand, and there was a patter of running feet. Presently, from behind the royal huts appeared the great company of the Abangoma, the witch-doctors-men to the right and women to the left. In the left hand of each was the tail of a vilderbeeste, in the right a bundle of assegais and a little shield. They were awful to see, and the bones abont them rattled as they ran, the bladders and the snake-skins floated in the air behind them, their faces shone with the fat of anointing, their eyes started like the eyes of fishes, and their lips twitched hungrily as they glared round the death-ring. Ha! ha! Little did those evil children guess who should be the slayers and who should be the slain before that sun sank ! For all their wis- dom, the future was dark to them, their fierce eyes could not pierce its shadow, else they had run less eagerly through the bright light of the morning toward the night where men sleep sound. On they came, like a grey company of the dead ! On they came in silence broken only by the patter of their feet and the dry rattling of their bony necklets, till they stood in long ranks before the Black One. A while they stood thus, then sud- denly evey one of them thrust forward the little shield in his hand, and with a single voice they cried, " Hail, Father !" " Hail, my children !" answered Chaka. "What seekest thou, Father?" they cried again. " Blood ?" "The blood of the guilty," he answered. They turned and spoke each to each ; the company of the men spoke to the com- pany of the women. "The Lion of the Zulu seeks blood." " He shall be fed !" screamed the women. "The Lion of the Zulu smells blood." "He shall see it!" screamed the women. " His eyes search out the wizards." " He shall count their dead!" screamed the women. "Peace!" cried Chaka. "Waste not the hours in talk, but to the work. Hear- ken ! Wizards have bewitched me ! Wiz- ards have dared to smite blood upon the gateways of the king. Dig in the burrows of the earth and find them, ye rats ! Fly through the paths of the air and find them, ye vultures ! Smell at the gates of the people and name them, ye jackals ! ye hunters in the night ! Drag them from the caves if they be hidden, from the distance if they be fled, from the graves if they be dead. To the work ! to the work ! Show them to me truly, and your gifts shall be great; and for them, if they be a nation, they shall be slain. Now begin. Begin by companies of ten, for you are many, and all must be finished ere the sun sink." " It shall be finished, Father," they answered. Then ten of the women stood forward, and at their head was the most famous witch-doctoress of that day-an aged woman named Nobela, a woman to whose eyes the darkness was no veil, whose scent was as keen as a dog's, who heard the voices of the dead as they cried in the night, and spoke truly of what she heard. All the other Isanusis, male and female, sat down in a halfmoon facing the king, but this woman drew forward, and nine of her sisterhood. They turned east and west, north and south, searching the heavens ; they turned east and west, north and south, searching the earth ; they turned east and west, north and south, searching the hearts of men. Then they crept round and round the great ring like cats, then they threw themselves upon the earth and smelt it. And all the time there was silence, silence deep as mid- night, and in it men hearkened to the beating of their hearts; only now and again the vultures shrieked in the trees. (To be continued.) 