A FATAL PAST. By DORA RUSSELL, Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Broken Seal,' 'The Track of the Storm,' 'A Bitter Birthright,' &c;, &e.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XIX. — Risen fboji the Dkai-. Lady Ennisniore returned to her house in Grosvenor-place, quite unconscious that she had attracted any notice except that which she ordinarily received. She had some tea and then went up to the nursery to see her boy and found his father there before her. Lord Ennisniore indeed absolutely worshipped this beautiful child, who was the pride and darling of his heart and the heir to his old name. 'You spoil him, Ennismore,' sonietimes Lady Ennismore would say with a smile, but she also loved little Pat with an exceeding love and watched over his welfare with un ceasing care. The husband and wife were to dine at a cabinet minister's in the evening and remain to a reception afterwards, therefore presently Lady Ennismore went to dress, promising as she did so that the children should see her before she left, as she was going to wear her j diamonds. A fair, smiling, stately matron she looked when she descended and went into the small drawing-room 'to be admired,'' as t Ennismore told her, for the two girls and Pat i and Miss Sinclair were all there awaiting her. j She always dressed with great taste aud j looked wonderfully handsome with the glitter- : ing circlets round ber thioat and arms and gleaming in her hair. - 'You look quite beautiful, mother,' said Julia Bingharu, fixing her shy, soft eyes on her mother's face. ? 'What a swell you are 1' exclaimed Master Pat. i 'That tint of velvet is remarkably bsRoni ing,' said Miss Sinclair, suppressing a sigh of envy. 'Why had she not been born, she was thinking, to wear precious stones and rich gar ments ? She would have looked as handsome as this proud lady if she ha! been arrayed as she was she also reflected. Miss Sinclair's great hope in life indeed was to become rich. To be poor was abhorrent to her narrow soul, and of Lady Eunisinore's seemingly happy lot she always felt envious. 'She has everything,'' she often thought bitterly ; 'it is not fair.'' Then the woman who had 'everything' stooped down and kissed her handsome boy and her two girls and went away in her ive'llap pointed carnage with the husband who thought she had no equal on earth and whom he most truly loved. She went to be admired and courted, filling her position with the gracious graceful ease which was one of her many charms. Men wbo rarely cared to talk to ordi nary women always gathered round Lady Ennisinore. She never tried to attract atten tion, but accepted homage as if it were her right, and gave in return her rare gift of true sweet sympathy and genuine appreciation of the good qualities of those around her. It was late before she returned home, and the next morning she felt a little weary and had her breakfast before she rose, her maid bringing up several letters on a salver which had arrived by the early post while she was drinking Lfer tea. She glanced at them carelessly and left them lying unopened until she had finished breakfast. Then she began leisurely to look over their con tents. They were mostly invitations ; invita tions to the houses of the great and famous, for Lady Ennismore was universally popular and much sought after in society. At last she raised one written on more common paper than the rest and was about to leave it unopened as she thought it was merely some circular, when something in the peculiarity of the hand writing attracted her attention. She opened it, and the instant after she had done so her face grew absolutely white. She stared at the lines it contained with eyes dilated with sudden horror and dread and cold dew broke out on her pale brow. 'It cannot, cannot be,' at last she mur mured, 'after all these years — it is some false hood, some invention — and yet none knew, none knew.' They were strange words that she had read which had driven the blood from her face and seemed almost to have stopped the beatings of her heart. Words purporting to have been written by one she had deemed dead for more than twenty years. It seemed impossible, yet there in a few cramped lines a tale was told which to her, if true, was bitterer than death. 'Dear Katherine,' she read again with shuddering courage, ' this letter will, I know, be a great surprise to you, and I fear an un welcome one. It will seem almost to you as if one risen from the dead was your correspon dent ; but the truth is, I did not die when the good ship Endymion settled down with her livirig freight in the blue waters all those long years ago. Another young fellow and I were lucky enough to get into the one boat that ! lived through the tremendous storm breaking | round the ship, and after going through in- j credible sufferings were picked up by a vessel ' bound for Adelaide. ! 'He also was under a cloud, and we agreed to drop our old names and take new ones in j the new country. Thus it happened that the names of Arthur Selby and George Roche appeared among the passengers lost tin the sinking of the Endymion during a gale. The rest of the poor fellows in j the boat succumbed to the hardships we went through, and we two — Arthur { Selby and I — were the only survivors of all the passengers and crew of the ill-fated ship. We j read our names as those of dead men in the : English papers long afterwards, and until now j I have never made any effort to establish my j real identity. But things did not prosper with ; .me in Australia, and the man whose name I was foolish enough to sign is dead. I was free therefore to return to England, and came back poor. ' I am in very low water indeed, Katherine, and I have learned it is exactly opposite with you. That you are married to Lord Ennis more; that you have succeeded to all the wealth of your family through your 'brother's death ; and now I am going to ask you what you will do for me ? Do not forget my claims however irksome they may be to you. A word from- me and Lady Ennismore would disappear, and Mrs. George Roche ap pear in her stead. A terrible come-down wouldn't it be, to such a grand lady as yourself? I saw you to-day in the park and recognised you, for you have worn well, whereas I am a broken-down, battered, poor devil, with scarcely a coat to my back or a shilling to . bless myself with. I hear my brother, the colonel, is still living, but I sup pose he would cut me dead if I tried to in trude myself in his mightiness ! But on you I have a real claim and you must not ignore it. Did the child live, Katherine, or did your proud mother wring its neck to save your reputation? She was quite capable of it; a dreadful old woman, but she of course will have gone the way of all flesh. Fix a place to meet me, and keep your secret if you like, if you will pay for it; otherwise I shall prove a nasty customer. What shall I sign myself? It depends on you. 'George Roche.' Every word of this hateful letter stabbed Lady Ennismore's heart sharper than a two edged sword. Could it indeed be written by the handsome young man whom she had ; believed had lain in his restless sea grave so \ long ? She remembered him so well — he, who | in her'childish folly, for she was but sixteen at ? the time— she had believed she had loved and ; whom she had secretly wedded. j It was a sad and degrading story ; a story ' that none knew rightly but the two principally i connected with it and Katherine Maiden's maid Lorimer, for Mrs. Maiden, her mother, j had never actually known that her daughter | bad married George Roche. | They dare not tell her, for to raise money to court the supposed rich young girl, George Boche in a moment of madness had forged the name of one of the officers of his brother's battery. The forgery was discovered, and George Roche had to fly the country to save himself from being arrested. His brother, then Captain, now Colonel Roche, though bitterly indignant at his conduct, had helped him to do this partly for his own sake, and when the outward-bound ship that he had em barked in foundered at sea, and George Roche's name appeared among the passengers who were lost, Captain Roche conveyed the j intelligence to Brackenford. j It was 'such a terrible blow to Katherine ; Maiden that for a time her reason was almost j despaired of, and her proud mother standing j by the unhappy young creature heard hep . utter words that tilled her own heart with abso- j lute consternation. Only Lorimer knew the truth that the forsaken girl was about to \ become a mother; that she and the reckless good- for-nothing that she had supposed she had loved had been secretly married at a quiet out-of-the-way church when the family were , last in town. In her agony Katherine now ! .confided this to Captain Roche, and he did all | he could to save ber from her mother's anger. ' He persuaded Mrs. Maiden that a change would be good for Katherine ; that she would soon be better if she were away from the scenes where she had met his unfortunate brother, for it was while Captain Roche had been stationed at Lynwood that George Roche had become acquainted with Katherine Maiden while staying with his brother at the barracks. . At last Mrs. Maiden consented that her daughter should go abroad for a while, and Katherine proceeded to Paris, accompanied only by Margaret Drummond, the vicar of Brackenford's eldest daughter, and Lorimer, her maid. Margaret Drummond knew by this time the secret of Katherine's hidden mar riage and kept it faithfully during the years of their long friendship. A child was born to Katherine in Paris, and neither Mrs. Maiden nor Norman Maiden, her brother, ever knew of its existence. Captain Roche did, and at Katherine's tearful, passionate entreaties, he ; adopted the boy, and the young mother saw it no more. She returned to England with Margaret Drummond, and at eighteen was married to Lord Ennismore. The good-looking Irishman fell in love with her at a county ? ball, and her mother insisted on the match. Katherine had not loved her husband when she married him, but during the long years of their wedded life he had completely won her , heart. i The next striking event in her life was the tragic death of her only brother Norman. This happened about a year alter her own marriage, and the shock and the mysterious circum stances attending it broke his mother's heart. '. Thus Lady Ennismore inherited all the great wealth of the family, including the estate of Brackenford and the coal and iron mines which were part of her father's large property. And now Katherine Ennismore's early folly had come back to her face to face. If George Roche really lived it meant unutterable degra dation and shame, not only to herself — and the poor woman moaned and wrung her hands in the anguish of her thought — not only to herself, but to the husband of her Jove, to her chil dren, to her boy ! If this early marriage held good her second marriage was void, and the little heir of Ennisniore nad no right to inherit his father's name. Again the unhappy lady moaned, and then a thought suddenly flashed through her brain. This miserable letter, bearing such dreadful consequences in its train, might not really be from George Roche, but from the companion it stated had been saved with him at the time of the shipwreck. George Roche might be dead, and for the purpose of obtaining money this other man might be assuming his name. ' It is best to see him,' at last resolved Lady Ennismore, ' whoever he is he must be bought off ; this hateful secret must never reach Ennis moie's ears.' She sat down, therefore, with a white face and trembling hands to her writing table and wrote a few lines to the address the letter con tained. It was to a lodging-house in an obscure ; treet near A?ictoria station, and stated -the simple name of George Johnson would find him, as he had borne this while in Australia. This information was added as a postscript, evidently for the purpose of obtaining a reply. 'I have received your letter,' wrote Lady Eunismore, 'but decline to believe your story without the evidence of my own senses. If, however, you will go at four o'clock to-morrow afternoon to the house of Mrs. Twiss, in Buck ingham Palace-road, who keeps a shop for secondhand clothing. I will be there.— K.E.' £he drove out and posted this letter with her own hand, and then with a sinking heart i proceeded to Buckingham Palace-road and was received theie with great delight by her old maid Lorimer, now Mrs. Twiss. There vss nothing unusual in her going to Mrs. Twiss, for she rarely was in town without see ing her, and Mrs. Twist had good cause always to remember her visits with gratitude and satisfaction. Mr. Twiss was luckily out when she arrived at the Lady's Wardrobe, as Mrs. Twiss desig nated htr establishment, but that stout good lookir.g woman herself was sitting darning Mr. Twists stockings behind one of her counters v hen the carriage drove up, and with an ex clamation of pleasure Mrs. Twiss threw down her work and hurried to the shop door to receive Lady Ennismore. 'Oh! Your ladyship this is a pleasure!'' i-he said. ' I knew you were in town, for Twisswas passing one evening down Grosvenor plaee and he said the house was lighted up.' ' We have only been up a short time,' an swered Lady Eniiismore in so faint and low a voice that tits. Twisa .at onee looked at lier face in great anxiety a^d aaw she was ex- . tiemelypale. 'I'm afraid your ladyship isn't very well ?' asked Mrs. Twiss. ' I've not been very well lately,' answered Lady Ennismore still in that changed voice. 'Lorimer, I want to speak to you ; can we go upstairs?' ' To be sure, your ladyship ; the drawing room's quite empty, for my lodger has gone, and Pve not met with another yet likely to suit.' Then Lady Ennismore went upstairs and her old servant followed her into a room of faded pretensions ; that is, nothing in it seemed ever to have been new. The carpet was color less, the curtains looked the wrecks of them selves, and even the chairs had the appearance as if they had been sat on too long and would sink under further burdens. But Lady Ennismore never looked round. With evident emotion she caught Airs. Twist's hand and gasped out a few words. ' Lorimer, I've had a great shock,' she said. 'Oh! your ladyship, I hope not! Why, you're all a tremble; please sit down*,' answered Lorimer, drawing forward one of the weak-looking chairs. ' A dreadful thing has happened,' went on Lady Ennismore ; 'so dreadful it will kill me, I think it is true, Lorimer, I had a letter this morning.' 'Yes, my lady.' ' A letter ! Oh, I can scarcely tell you ! A letter signed by a name I never thought to see again on earth ; signed by a name of one we have thought long dead, Lorimer— it is a forgery, I believe— but still— but still ? -' 'Long dead??1 repeated Lorimer in conster nation. 'Surely not ? ' 'George Roche,' said Lady Ennismore in a terrified whisper, while a shudder ran through her frame, and as Lorimer listened she, too, grew very pale and began to tremble, for she remembered at this moment how her husband had induced her to tell him Lady Ennismore's secret. 'It cannot be true, surely?' faltered Lorimer. ' I saw his death in the paper with my own eyes — when ? ' She dare not speak of the time— the time when her young mistress lay stricken nigh unto death, when Captain Roche had gone to Braekenford with the news of his brother's fate, and only Katherine and Lorimer knew of the band that had bound Katherine to the supposed dead man. ^'Whover wrote this letter,' went on Lady Ennismore in strong excitement, 'must have known — have known — what I was to him, but read it, Lorimer, and tell me what you think.' Mrs. Twiss put on her glasses to decipher the letter which Lady Ennismore handed to her and as she did so an indignant expression passed over her honest face. 'Whoever wrote it is a scoundrel anyhow, your ladyship,' she exclaimed. 'j can'6 believe the poor young gentleman cotUd have written it.' ' No, I cannot believe it,' said Lady Eanis more eagerly. ' You see he says two were saved. Perhaps it is the other — he may have forged George Roche's name?' ' To be sure he might, if they were all alone on the sea looking for death no doubt poor Mr. George might have told about — what had happened before he left his native land.' . ' Yes, and the man wants to trade on this dreadful secret. Lorimer, what shall -we do 'I Lord Ennismore must never know ; we must buy his silence.' 'I should know Mr. George again I think,' said Lorimer slowly. ' Shall I see this person, my lady, and hear what he has got to say ?' 'I have written to him to come here — this is a copy of what I wrote— yes, you see him first, Lorimer, but I will be here too. Oh, Lorimer, if it should be true !' ' I can't believe it, your ladyship ; but — is the handwriting of the letter any guide ?' ' Lady Ennismore shook her head. *'Tis so long since,' she said, 'I cannot remember— it seemed all dead and gone, Lorimer, until lately — until I met Colonel Roche, and he told me about — Francis.' ' Well, he's a fine young gentleman, at any rate, your ladyship.' 'Yes, it was very strange, but a friend of his brought him up to our box at one of the theatres and introduced him to us the night after he had been here, and Lord Ennismore asked him to visit us at Braekenford.' ' Then you've seen him again, my lady ?' ' Yes more than once,' and Lady Ennismore gave a restless sigh. ' Poor fellow, he little knew.' ' Then he has no idea ?' 'None, none— Colonel Roche told him his mother was a Frenchwoman who died at his birth. If there is any truth, in this dreadful letter I had better have died, Iiorimer.:' 'Oh, my lady, don't talk that way. We must just try to make the best of it. Let me see, at four o'clock to-morrow then will you be here?' ' I will come half an hour earlier : I will see him unseen first, Lorimer— as I saw Francis. Oh ! I dread it so.' ' It may just be someone trying to impose on you, my lady, so you must keep up your heart.' 'I will try — get your husband out of the way, Lorimer: by three o'clock -ami iuow I -must go.:i Then Lady Ennismore was driven back to her luxurious home, to spend hours and hours of such teir;b,e anxiety that to describe it in words were vain. The coming meeting meant tverything to her, and yet she had to hide this from he fond husband's eyes. Chapter XX. — Mr. Twiss Listens. Mrs. Twiss was a very devoted wife aud loyed Mr. Twiss in a surprising manner con f'lering his personal attractions. Yet even rs. Twiss felt her mean-looking little spouse be in the way on the afternoon of Lady Ennismore's proposed visit. She tried to in duce him, therefore, to go to some place of amusement, and playfully put a half- sovereign into his eager band (for Tommy dearly loved money), and urged him to go out and enjoy himself. Tommy took the half- sovereign, but did not seem in a hurry to leave the Lady's Wardrobe. He began to suspect indeed that Mrs. Twiss wanted him for some reason of her own to leave the house, and this made him very suspicious. At last he did go, but only round the corner of the next street, where he could keep his eyeou the Lady's Wardrobe, and after waiting a short j time he was rewarded by seeing a hansom \ drive up to the door, from which Lady Ennis- I more descended. This circumstance alone; the fact that Lady ! Fnnis more had arrived in a hansom increased, j Tommy's suspicions. Lady Ennismore always went there in her own carriage, so why should ! she go in a hansom now. Tommy reflected, | and he felt convinced there was a mystery about ib. He therefore approached his own door a little nearer, but waited quite half an hour before anyone else entered the Lady's ' Wardrobe. j Then a tall shabby man, who had once been ! good-looking but was good-looking no longer, a man worn and weather-beaten, came slough ing along the street, looking at each doorway as he passed, and when he perceived the old finery hanging behind Mrs. Twiss's windows j he stopped short and glanced at the name i above the shop. ' This seemed to satisfy him, for he at onee ! went up the raised steps from the street and \ entered at the door and thus disappeared from j Tommy's view j ' An intrigue, I suppose,' thought Tommy ; ' 'Martha should not encourage such things' (Martha ?was Mrs. Twiss's Christian name) 'and yet perhaps they pay, but she should have consulted me — but women are full of tricks.' | In the meanwhile let us follow the tall, weather-beaten, world-beaten stranger into ; Mrs. Twiss's presence. This worthy woman ; was standing behind her counter watching for him, and she gave a slight start and bit her under lip as he crossed her threshold. He glanced round quickly as he did so and then addressed Mrs. Twiss. i 'I came here to meet a lady?' he said en- I quiringly, looking at the comely stout visage before Dim. But the next moment his expres sion changed. 'Why, Lorimer, old girl, is it actually you ? This is a surprise, and yet I might have known Katherine would come to you about anything concerning me if you were still in the land of the living. Well, how are you? But I need not ask ; why, woman, you are six times the size you were.' 'I. do not quite understand what you are talking about, sir,' answered Mrs. Twiss in a reserved and somewhat faltering tone. The stranger upon this winked one of his bloodshot eyes. ' Oh yes, you do now^' he said ; ' you undre stand very well who I am, and all about it. I am George Roche, whom you knew long ago, and who was supposed to end his mortal career in the deep sea-°. And you know I have written to Katherine Maiden, your old mistress, now called Lady Ennismore, to tell her I have cast up again, and I've no doubt she is waiting for me here.' Mrs. Twiss hesitated for a moment and then she said coldly enough — 'Perhaps you will walk upstairs into the drawing-room, sir, and I'll see if any lady is here.' % The stranger gave a harsh laugh. ! 'You women are fine actresses,' he said. 'Well, lead the way, Lorimer, and I'il fol low.' Mrs. Twiss accordingly led the way up the staircase to the drawing-room, and having re quested the visitor to take a seat she descended again and went behind one of the rows of old gowns hanging on a cord across the shop, behind which Lady Ennismore was standing with a face so ghastly, so horror-stricken, that the poor woman gave a kind of a cry and ran forward and took one of Lady Ennismore's cold hands in her own. 'Oh ! my poor lady,' she whispered, 'I fearit'sbut too true.' ' It is true,' answered Lady Ennismore in a hoarse changed voice ; ' it is George tioche. Lorimer, what shall we do?' ' He seems in a poor way ; no dou'13* we can bribe hiin,': said Lorimer, still in a ovhisper, ' there is nothing else for it, my lady.'f 'But to see him, to speak to him aga. in !' muttered i.-ady Ennismore with a gesture of utter aversion. ' It is too dreadful, to drei -d- ful ! 'Did you bring any money, my lady ??' askev 1 Lorimer. 'Yes, I have two hundred pounds in note' ' I would just give them to him and get rid of him, and agree to give him a small yearlv sum, ' advised Lorimer, 'and I daresav h' will be satisfied.' Lady Ennismore gave a low moan as if of anguish. 'I shall never have another happy hour she said. ' Try to make the best of it, my lady ; h& daren t say much you know, because — or thas aflair about the young officers money Ions ago. ' Yes, he is a felon,' answered Ladv Kaais more bitterly. 'But come, do not let us waste time — come with me, Lorimer.' She grasped her old servant's hand as if for support and together the two white-faced, trembling women went slowly up the stairs and into the presence of the man who was waiting for them. His haggard face flushed a little as they entered, but still with an air of bravado he held out his hand to Lady Ennis more. 'Well, Katherine,' he said, 'after long1 years we meet again.' But Lady Ennismore shrank from his touch, fixing her eyes with a sort of shrinking horror on his face. ' You know me again, I suppose ?' enquired the man, with a short, harsh laugh. 'I am only the ghost of my former self it's true, but still there's enough of me left to recognise, isn't there ?' 'Yes,' said Lady Ennismore, forcing herself to speak, ' you are George Roche.' ' Your most humble servant to command ' Well, Katherine, you seem to have gone up in the_ world at the same rate I have gone dowu in it — but still the past is the past.' 'I believed you dead,' said Lady Enni.~ more, in a trembling and broken voice; 'to me you are dead, but still for the sake of old times I am ready to help you.' 'I am much obliged to you,'' scoffed Roche ; ' for the sake of holding my tongue, I suppose, about a certain little ceremony, a per fectly legal one, too, mind ye, which took place long ago and of which my friend Lorirnei here was witness.' 'You had best not speak of it, sir,' said Lorimer quickly; 'my lady is ?trilling and able to help you, but you'd best let the past alone or other ugly stories might cr-me up, which would be rather awkward.' Roche gave a sort of mocking bow. ' Thank you for reminding me, Lorimer, of my stupid little mistake, but no harm cau . come tone from that now ; the man Colonel Daubeny is dead, and I don't suppose even if he had been alive he would have been vindic tive enough to rake up old scores.' ' Still, sir, you must see it's best to let the past alone ; my lady was only a child in those days, and I think with shame now that I acted as I did. Lady Ennismore will, Iamsiire, allow you a small sum a year on the condition that the past has never again to be mentioned between you,' answered Lorimer, who was :i woman of business and knew how to make a bargain. Roche gave a harsh laugh in reply. 'A small sum a year!'' he said con temptuously : ' that won't content me, my good Lorimer. I want a big sum a year for giving up so much.' 'You had better name your price,'' said Lady Ennismore, with great bitterness. 'One wants a long price for the loss of a wife and half of a big fortune, Katherine. However, I'll be moderate. Will you give me a lump sum down of five hundred pounds and agree to allow me two thousand yearly ?' ' I cannot,' answered Katherine Ennismore, ?with quivering lips. ' I could not allow you such a sum without Lord Ennismore's know ledge, and he ? ' 'Well, what would he do?' 'He would make no bargain with you at all. He is incapable of acting as I am doing now - of buying your silence.' 'That's all very fine,' grumbled Roche, ' but perhaps, though he is such a graud gentleman, he would not like to lose either you or your fortune without a struggle ; and j ou've children, too. haven't you. Katherine ?'' 'Yes !' and then Lady Ennismore suddenly broke down and fell sobbing on a couch that was standing near ; ' for their sakes I should die before this should be known. I — I vrouM Icill myself !' ' You ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir,' paid Mrs. Twiss indignantly, ' to act as you're doing. You induced a child long ago to' com mit a great folly and then forsook her at her time of need. And now, after all these years, you've come back to try to take advantage of 5o\n disgraceful conduct. 'Don't cry, my dear lady ; give him the ready money that you've brought and let him talk reason about the j early allowance. Two hundred is too much ? but perhaps you would give that ?': 'I will give you five hundred a year,' said Lady Ennismcre in a voice broken with, sobs, 'on the condition that you keep absolutt i^ieisce about the past, and that you keep j'our present name of Johnson and drop that of i-Ioc-he for ever. And I have brought two hundred with me in notes, and will give you these on the same conditions.' 'It's too little, Katherine,' said Roche, who felt rather ashamed of himself under the re proaches of Mrs. Twiss and the sight of Katherine's tears. 'I didn't mean to forsake you long ago, as you know very well, but thafi cursed business at the barracks forced me to fly, and there was no help for it' 'Let it all be forgotten,' said Lady Enni.s more, still in that tear- choked voice. 'As I said before, you are dead to me, and for the sake of my dear husband and children q::ly 7. am acting as I am doing to-day. I wili givs you the sum I named ? ' ' Make it a thousand a year and I'll take it and hold my tongue. And as for the name of Roche, curse it ; it never brought me any luck, until now, and I'm ready enough to drop it for good. So let us strike a bargain— give me the two hundred now and pay a quarterly income of a thousand a year into some bank we cau fix on to the name of George Johnson and I' 11 promise not to interfere either with you or Lord Ennismore — but I won't take less !' 'Very well. You shall have it. Lorimev will arrange about the bank with you and T will give her the money to pay in to your ac count. Give him this, Lorimer,' and Lady Ennismore drew out a roll of note3 from her carriage-bag ; ' and — and now will you go ?]' 'But I must have ib in blac'i and white ?' ' Do you doubt my word ?' said Lady Ennis more, raising her head indignantly. 'I agree tu pay it to you.' ' But come, my lady, that's not business,' said Roche roughly enough, for Lady Enuis more's haughty manner irritated him ; ' suti X;ose you were to kick the bucket before I do, what then ? I must have a written agreement signed by your hand, and a stamped agreement tco, that on account of keeping some family secrets I have to have an allowance of a thou sand a year for life, to be paid by you, or yonr executors or heirs. I will draw the agreement up. Will you sign it ?' 'Yes,' said Lady Ennismore, and a shudder of shrinking aversion passed through her frame and she turned away her head as if the sight of this fallen and degraded man were hateful to her. 'We've settled it then ; thanks, old girl, for handing the money' (this was addressed to Mrs. Twiss, who had placed the roll of notes in his hand). ' Well, Katherine, we made a bad business of it long ago, so I hope our second bargain may do better. By-the-bye, what about the child? Did your mother strangle it, as I suggested in my letter ?' 'It is dead,' said Lady Ennismore in a low forced tone and again she shuddered. 'We had better part now,' she added and she rose. 'Good-bye, then,'' and Roche held out his hand, but Lady Ennismore drew back. 'What, not shake hands? Come, I call than ccol ; well, never mind, I can do without io. I will call on Lorimer here to-morrow and bring the agreement ready to be signed, aud she can transact the business between us, as we know how trusty she was long ago, eh, Katherine? Good-oye, old girl,' he added, holding out his hand to Mrs. Twiss, who took it from motives of prudence, and then in his slouching way Roche moved to the room door and opened it just a moment after Mr. Twiss. who had been listening outside with his ear to the keyhold, had time to escape. Mr. Twiss had indeed conceived it his duty to see what was going on under his roof, and had followed Roche into the lady's wardrobe and stolen upstairs to the drawing- room door while the interview between Lady Eunisniora and Roche was going on, and from what he overheard he considered he had come into what he called a 'good thing.' He fled as Koehe opened the drawing-room door to the upper regions of the house, and lis tened while Roche descended the staircase and the next minute loud and hysterical sobs foil on his ears. 'He, he,' chuckled Mr. Twiss, 'mylaiy doesn't like parting with har money svm ingly.' In the meanwhile the unhappv woman in the drawing-room had broken down in an uiier paroxysm of sliame, almost of despair. 'I must havebeenmad — mad, Lorimer !''?!»& cried. 'A wretch like that — a low sordid wretch — and now my dear ones at home ' Oh, niy God, if he should injure them !' ' Hush, hush, my ladjv' said Iioriiuer, '' h=- H hold his tongue for the money, no fear (it 'imi : that sort would sell their -ouls if tliL-\ ?': ^-t them to dispose of/' (To be continued. ) 