LITERATURE. SPRING BLOSSOMS IN "WINTER.* In the eighty-third year of his age, sixty three years after his winning the Chancellor's medal for an English prize1 poem at Cam bridge, and sixty-five years sfter the publica tion at Louth, in Lincolnshire, of the modest little volume of Poenvt hi Two Brothers, which told his country&en; that a new master-singer had arisen aoong them, Lord Tennyson has .achieved he first dramatic success, and lias produced ([poetical play, as fresh in feeling, as musical sn form, and as excellent in substance as £ he had written it sixty years ago. Is there Something in the exercise of the imaginative faculties which bestows perpetual youth upon the mind, and promotes longevity? Think of Michael Angelo writing sonnets and executing that superb though unfinished Pieta which is JIOW in the Duoino at Flounce, at precisely the same age as that of otr Laureate; and of Titian painting his 'Christ of Pity" when wanting only one y«ar of a hundred, "with a hand which neve grew weary and never learned to tremMe." Remember, also. Fontenelle writing midrigals at ninety two, and Voltaire penning graceful epistles in verse at eighty-nine 1 To these must be added Wordsworth, Lnndir, Bryant, Whit tier, Longfellow, Holmes, and Browning two ot' them still living-all of whom pre served the spirit of youth in their poetry to the latest period of their live?. In the case of many men of great intellectual activity, where such activity is combined with a healthy physique-the brain seeps to continue to fullil all its functions with unabated vigour and vitality to the furthest verge of individual existence. . -»». What strikes one especially in The Foraiters is the rare combination which it presents of humour and ifancy, blended with the same charming ease as in the "Tempest," " As } ou Like It," and the " Midsummer Night's Dream." Next to this must be noted the poet's power of projecting himself into the period of his dramatic story and of! surrounding his characters with the social and political atmosphere of their epoch ; while he has recreated for us the sylvan l.ngland of the Angevin Kings. We are transported to the forest of Sherwood, which then stretched from Nottingham to Whitby in Yorkshire, sheltering thousands of deer, and comprehending within its boundaries five " hays " or royal parks, some lair lakes, and several streams, including " the silver Trent." And we are thus enabled to enter into the feelings of the old ballad writer, who began his metrical narrative of " <iuy of Gisborne," with the lines " H'hen blian'g fcene 6lieene, and shradda full faj re, And leaves both large and loiifrc, Itl is inerrje milkyng in.the foyre /oir£st Xo lieare the niutUe binles wmge. " The n oodweele sang, and wold not cetse. Silting; upon the Bjiraye, Soe loude, lie wakened Kobin Hood, In the greenwood where he lay." The play opens at the castle of Sir Richatd Lea, whose son has accompanied Richard Ueur de Lion to the Holy Land, and has. been taken prisoner by the Mahouuds. To procure his release the old knight has borrowed 2,000 marks in gold of the Abbot of St. Mary, to be repaid on a certain day, (ailing which Sir Richard's estate will pass to the money-lender, whose brother, the sheriff of Nottingham, is in love with Marian/ the knight's only daughter, and is willing to purchase her hand by paying off the bond. At a birthday entertainment given by Robin Hood, Eirl of Huntingdon, who is also in love with Marian,' lJriuce John presents himself disguised as a monk, and casts lascivious eyes upon the maid, while pro fessing to aid the suit of his friend, the sheriff. The better to oompnss his own vile ends, .John, as regent of .the kingdom, causes n writ ot attainder and outlawry to be issued against the .Earl of Huntingdon, who re solves-Little John, Fl'iur Tack, and the rest of Ins merry men coiisenting-to take to the forestof Sherwood, ^claiiiing- j wild tfood! to cast , All threadbare household habit^uiit: w ith all Tiie lusty life bt woodain u;Klenvo fV ( Hawk, buautnl, Jfy, tlMiimvisuml {the iferle, The liny squirrel vaultitle through the houghs, The fleer,,tile bigtba«k'i|»plo<flt, the w'iki boar, The humwing'pMjprrfliv Sti Nicholas! I Iwvcaeuddeji j»^pii[Mthe w:iW wood- . We ehojikl wi free as airjnthe wild wooa - j What, you go 2 Your hands! vour , liaudij!" , ; * .. Scarlet is the b?i|y .imojy memW of-tJte company. irlTe is hjaifi^f towife, who broke Jtis hjmd on Tuesday'with a dish." land he is fearful lest she! should follow him; but beiugossureAott Wis head, he vows,lik£ thej^lt^to live jaijd;iie with the high-minded iixA liglit-heartediotitiaw. The seconded; fljtssfc in the meriy green wood, wheie'llobiusud' his band^Hfleet the time careleasly " a8;did{the banished Duke end "his lords In jthe forest. at Ajdjeiiv But (be attainted JSdrl had his momeuttof re Hectioii, like the ImelatiholyJaques, and in one of tiit^1i^hu8iK)llpq.wisM{t- .' .. ; \ [ ^.' '"lilsnjj'llrtbday, ^avc relgn'd one M*riu tie wild wool My mother, lOftP U'ltAbaUaW huil 4l.\ L.1 .l_l : ? " m t , .'i wint^tnw» ,w» UIU(J wh0Be^,Vcwia Uik toleied QoeenofHcaven «» tbl«ti#y shallabout, to carve H !t' «0 toineditots "wn nifyevter im ' - the afterlife, *},( re Snnkcii from the r the lafttrmupet. ....... , » " " a a' ". ' "Aui^wonsc or better ? i rl! .°J?Wawd. lam nol»the woreefortkai i 1. ^'WchMd. «id i hdeA JohnPT i mi) a tlilef. ny. *od aJrfiufof thtev* Ay butwerp>tteft)br^---'-i-'' And what we wrjap friw r aiii npiwJfjieij'gS f<#, J-or (hls Keefore^tlifc." . IVince John and ^tsSheriffof-N* ttihghan arrive.iu ^^4re0tl'|iv jpttrpSi s 'ot cfiji (urJiH(.tbe' b Sisguisi °f an 'o)d witcli, inSpBe«:^|K^i# paMiiers <B4>d g^AL tofitipt r^Stpi ^ngb∈, SlAiUdbad Leai bj nis daughter^ jjttiifed Re<i-t|Ms%tught i-fre|i «nd Sbdsii pawe herself oft' as-her owii trotter returned I] from the Crusade. There: is 1 pretty scene between Robin and the maideft, which ends in his challenging the pseutjb-knight, Who makes herself known to him, and as the moonlight falls upon her (form he ex claims " O look! before the shadow of these dark oaks Thou seem'st a saintly splendour out from heaven, Clothed with the mystic silver ot h«r moon. Speak hut one word, not only of toigiveness, But to show thou art mortal." In the some act the poet intifoduces Titania and her fairies, and their car61s have all the lyrical charm the secret of which the Vic torian has caught from the great Elizabethan poet. The third act is entirely idyllic, but with a strain of jocund humour running through it, such as Touchstone and Audry introduce into the most pastoral and poetic scenes of " Ab YOU Like Itand the little incident of Maid Marian and her Waiting woman "bailing up" the three friirs and easing them of seven and twenty tnarks, and of - their being subsequently enforced to pledge bumpers to the Queen o' the Woods, is con ceived in the best«pirit of /qomedy. This is the shortest, as the last is jthe longest, act of the four, the latter being the fullest of action, while the love-mating scene is as delicate' in sentiment an(3 as beautiful in expression as anything in tie ?' Idylls of the King," As examples we njtjy quote Marian's reference to her father- ' | " Robin, the sweet light of a vfother's eye \- That beam of down upon iYft§tt>ening flower Has never glanced upon uie|v(cn a child. lie was my father, mother, both in one. The love ttiat children owe to iotli I give To him alone." And the pretty conceit which Robin utters when taking a tress of her hair in his haud " Time! if his backward-working alchemy Should change this gold to diver, why, the silver Were dear as gold, the w rinkle as the dimple." Friar Tuck makeB a bravte figure in this act, and his portrait is limned with dramatic skill and power by the poet j There is, indeed, quite a Shakspearian flavour about one of the speeches which Tennyaoit has put into his mouth. It is the fojlowing:-King Richard, who has come back in disguise, tells the Friar that he looks upon the King's venison as his own, and Tuck rejoins-"Ay, ay, Robin, but let him kuosw our forest laws ; he that pays not for his dinner must fight for it. In the sweat of thy brow, says Holy Writ, shalt thou eat bread, but in the sweat of thy brow, and thy breast, and thine arms, and thy legs, and thy heart, and thy liver, and in the fear of thy life shalt thou eat the King's venison-ay, and so thou fight at quarter staff for thy dinner with our Robin, that will give thee a new zest for it, though thou wert like a. bottle fujl up to the . cork, or as hollow as a kex, .or the shambles oak, or a weazel-sucked egg, or the head of a fool, or the heart of Prince John, or any other symbol of vacnity;" . " Kex," itmay be explained, is a provincial word for the dry hollow stalk of hemlock, while the "shambles-oak," which is1 Btill standing, we believe, was the tree upon which Robin Hood is said to have hung his slaughtered deer, and the hooks were still re maining inside its vast hollow, 40 years ago. It will be seen that, following an illustrious precedent, the poet cauBes bis characters "to speak sometimes in prose, and sometimes in blank verse; and among the passages written in the latter, the following, spoken by Robin Ilood, may be quoted on account of its pic turesqueness and its dramatic force " sit here by me, where the most beaten track Runs thro' the forest, hundreds of huge Oaks, Qnarl'd-older than the thrones of Europe-look, What breadth, height, strength-torrents of eddy ing bark I Some hollow-hearted from exceeding age That never be thylot ormine 1-and gome Pillaring a leaf-sky on their monst1 ous boles, Sound at the core as we are. Fifty leagues Of woodland hear and know my horn, that scares The Baron at the torture of his churls, The pillage of his vassals. O maiden-wife, The oppreession of .our people moves me so. That when I think of it hotly, I>ove himsplf Seems but a ghost, but when thou feel'st with me The ghost returns to Marian, clothps itself In maiden fiesli and blood, and looks at onoe Maid Mtrian, and thatoiaklen freedom which Would never brook 4tie tyrant. Livethou maiden! Thou art-more Uty wife so feeling, than if my wife , And siding with these ^>tbud priests, and these Barons, " Devils, that make this blessed England hell." We shall not anticipate the pleasure to be derived from reading the play by narrating its aiiiumtcd^roljfi^-MjeiieB.'iftiiich are full of ^lqu%'varifity,.a,nd mfl>v£«Jteuti .but-jnust quote the oudaVs* £ar«>v«li«to -thcoaks of Shorrifoji, 'onju&n;&tot; poeticbeauty' Uotix.-Old friends, old jpatriarch oaks 1 A thousand wiuterq Will strip you bare asdeath, athouiand summers Robe you Jife^rrtSenagaln. < Teufeeem, as it were, lunuotial, and we-wortaL How few Junes ' Will heat our pulses-quioker! How few frosts I Will chill the hearts that beat for Robin Hood! MARIAN.-And yet I think these oaks atdawp and even, . . Or in the Wmy breathings of tBenijnjt, Will vlilmr|T«ii>iHt of £tobin Hood, We leave but h»pny memories *o tlje forest. ". i- We dealtin <l»Vl)djustice ot the woods. ! Alt tho& poor serfs Whom we,h*Y« served wil ? bless us, "*? ? All those f#e mouths, $hicb w*Jtafeled will ?praJSeus-' All widowsw tyyc holpcri pray for us. Swe^hWilerln'day diwiisbrl^fo^eep ' And catch tht^lwn^iol a phantowjhorn, 