BIOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of " Joseph's Coat," "Aunt Raohel,' "Rainbow Gold," &o.;, &a;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXI.—{Continued.) J-no coat was roiling ana piungmg, ana to bo sure of Lis foothold whilst standing still Georgo was compelled to lean forward and olutoh the rail by Hetheridge'a shoulder, so that -the husky voice breathed almost in his ear. He gazed at _ the man with keen enquiry, but ex pression is hard to read, and to Hetheridge'a guilty and preoccupied thought the glanoe carried a stern and unrelenting accusation. "Where did you see me last?' he asked. He was bending forward so that the two faces almost met. "I saw you last at Richmond," Hetheridge answered. "For God's sake, George, have mercy. It's a long time ago now. It's quite along time ago." Here for the first time suspioion of the truth, or rather suspioion of a mere fraction of the truth, shot into Redwood's mind. He knew now the nature of disguise his father's mur derer had assumed at Upnor years ago. The paralytio gait, the beard, the tinted glasses. He knew, too, that his mother had recogaised Hetheridge by the resemblance to the disguised figure into which he had fallen by reason of his long illness. " Tell me your name," he said, between his teeth. "John Hetheridge," the stricken wretoh responded. To have the unspeakable villain there, under his hand, to have the power to yield him to justice, to have vengeance for his father's death, and payment_ for the miseries of his own torn heart within his grasp, and yet to know that he was bound in sacred honor to do nothing, bred such a tumult in hi3 soul as wa3 well nigh uneudurable. Whether the mad man who mistook the living son for the dead father's wrath or the son himself, with all his wrongs and hatreds thronging on him, suffered the more ib would be hard to say. Redwood felt that if he lingered near the monster the mere physical temptation which beset him to seize nim by the throat and to shake out the miserable remnant of his life would grow too strong to be resisted. He turned away and staggered aoross the rolling deck, stariDg blindly at the billows a3 they rolled up to meet the cleaving bows. Inaction was not to be endured. He began to pace up and down again on the wet and slippery deok. The roaring wind and driving spray had sent everybody but himself and Hetheridge to shelter. Hetheridge sat helpless, and Red wood ploughed and stumbled to and fro with his whole mind in a ferment of love and agony and revenge. But there was nothing to be done; he was bound to contain himself and to keep silence. As he mastered hi3 emotions his thoughts frew clearer, and another part of the truth ecame manifest to him. It was evident that Hetheridge's mind was quite unhinged in one particular and that he took George Red wood for his father. George was fully aware of the surprising likeness he presented. Sir Eustace had emphasised it quite recently, and he himself had arrived at the fact Hetheridge's perturbed fancy had momentarily mistaken his solid presence for his father's apparition. He saw that that delusion had now taken fixed possession of the murderer's mind. The boat reached Ostend, and during the delay there for luncheon and examination of baggage at the Douane Redwood paced the platform without cessation, whilst Hetheridge, from a seat in front of the refreshment-room, watched his every motion as if fascinated. He was under a compulsion to follow his victim's movements, to notice every gesture, and to Btrive to read every expression of his face. Vaguely he asked himself in his beclouded mind if his victim had died in mortal sin that he lived now in such inquietude. Were they companions for eternity? When at last the train started Hetheridge, still under the same resistless compulsion, fol lowed Redwood into the carriage he had chosen; the young man had thrown himself into a seat and stared gloomily out of the further window with his back turned towards the carriage door. He kept that attitude for a long time, and it was not until they were miles upon their journey that he turned and saw his enemy still near him. All the venom of his nature stirred at the sight of him and to breathe the same air was a torture. At the first stopping place he dashed from the car riage and entered another compartment. Hetheridge's nearness still tormented him, but less exigently than before. It occurrred to him suddenly that he had seen the ticket for Antwerp at Dover town station and that by some oversight on the part of the offioials Hetheridge had been allowed to take the wrong train. Onpe more his gues3 hit very near the truth, and he surmised that his presence had a sort of fascination which the other found it difficult, if not impossible, to resist. The train mid-way was enfiladed by the guard, who, climbing along the marchepied, en tered each carriage in turn with his brisk and civil Vos billets, si'l vousplait, messieurs!" In due turn he lighted upon Hetheridge, who pro duced a ticket for Antwerp. "JU'sieu a fait erreur," said the guard. "II sc trouve dans la train pour Bruzelles et pas pour Anvers." "Alors," replied Hetheridge. "Ilfautqus vous payez la difference, et man perd de temps aussi. Jenc sui pas chang6 d'inspecteur de billets, moi." He was only mad—"Nor', nor'-west." Where money was concerned he could still tell a hawk from a hemshaw. The guard saw the matter in a somewhat different light, and smilingly compromised by a promise of a free return to Antwerp. As a mere matter of fact, Antwerp and Brussels were one to the fugitive. If he were discovered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp he could naturally be sought in that city and then all trace of him would be lost for the moment. In the presence of his ghost these things mattered little, and in the Station du Nord, of the Belgium capital, the ghost was back again. Redwood had been revolving certain things in his mind and had decided to bottom the mystery which for so many years had been un fathomable. He recognised his own power over Hetheridge and determined to put it to employment. When he appeared on the platform he saw at once that the fascination he excited had undergone no abatement. Hetheridge's eyes still held him and his tottering foot3tep3 followed him. He expressed his desire to break the journey and to stay in Brussels for the night, and having seen to the unloading of his baggage he turned to Hetheridge. " Come with me." He was obeyed as by a man in a mesmeric trance. He saw the wreck into a fiacre and gave the driver orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, in the Rue de l'Eveque. Arrived there he asked for a private room, and after a trifling delay was conducted into an up stairs parlor. "Does monsieur require anything at pre sent?" asked the smart chambermaid. "I will give my orders later on," George answered, and the girl retired. "Sit there," he commanded Hetheridge, pointing to a chair, " and answer the questions I shall pub to you." Being obeyed he fell to pacing to and fro, thinking how best to open his enquiry. There was" a revulsion in his heart against the means he used, but the oase was extraordinary and not to be dealt with by common methods. " Listen to me," he said, pausing suddenly. " It is part of the punishment ordained to you that you shall tell me everything. What motive had you for that cruel murder ?" Hetheridge tried in vain to answer, but finally stammered out a few disconnected and un meaning words. "Tell me the motive of your crime," Red wood repeated sternly. Hetheridge, trembling with superstitious horror, unfolded all his story. Redwood dragged it from him scrap by scrap, remorse lessly, until at length the truth stood revealed in nakedness. "I am quite broken," Hetheridge resumed at the finish, "quite broken. I ought to be a young man still and look at me. You might have mercy on me now; for God's sake, don't haunt me any longer. Have pity. Let me die in peace, I shan't belong; I can't be long." " If it were not for one thing," Redwood re sponded sternly, "I would have you hanged like a dog. If I could surrender you to the fate you want without soiling your daughter's name I would drag you back to England and force you to confession." " No, no, no," screamed Hetheridge. " Give me time. Let me have a little time. I must have time to repent. I must have time to make my peace with heaven." " You go scot free," said Redwood. Using unconsciously the phrase which Hetheridge had found delightful years ago and in which had lived so bitter an irony in all his latter time. " Your child's name shall not be despised by any public rumor of your orime. You are free. Go ; carry your own punishment with you to the grave. If you can repent, repent; but let me see you no more." He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding hand. The abject misery arose, still clutching by instinct the precious handbag in which all his worldly be longings lay. He crawled feebly to the door and down the staircase, pausing twice to look back. He disappeared at the turning of the stairs, and Redwood, falling on a sofa, hid his face in both hands. It cost him an hour or two to recover from the agitation into which the singular interview had thrown him. A bath in stinging cold water and complete change of raiment seemed necessary to purify him from the taint the mere physical nearness of his father's murderer liad brought him. He had not broken his last since leaving London and even now the food ho tried to swallow seemed to choke him. but he managed to eat a little and having finished his pint of wine he put on his hat and gloves and overcoat and walked into the street3. The winter night had fallen, but the streets were ablaze with light andjbrisk with many passers to and fro. He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud and excited voice arrested him. He looked up and found himself in the immediate neighborhood of the General Po3b Office, and there, with a curious orowd about him, was a burly Englishman vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phrases—French interlarded with English. Redwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eustace Wyn comb. He dashed across the road and found the baronet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoul ders, and who gasped and stared at him with out understanding so much a3 a single word. "Sir Eustace ! cried Redwood. "What is the matter? Can I be of sorvico to you ?" " Great heaven, Redwoodcried the baronet; "that you should arrive at such a moment passes everything. I have just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself Andre Dom. I knew him in a second ; he was just starting to drive away in a cab. I dashed at him, but he cried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, but I had a na3ty fall at last. I should have known him anywhere amongst a million. I could swear to him. I collated this fellow, the first policeman I could j come across, but I can't make him understand." : He was wild with excitement, and now that he had time to observe him Redwood saw that he was mud from head to foot and that one ungloved hand was bleeding. "Where are you etaying, Sir Eustace?" he demanded. "At tho Belle Yue Hotel," the baronet answered. "Let me call you a cab," said Redwood. "I will call upon you in an hour. Better! I : will go with you and you shall give me a full description of the man. I will write it oub in French and have it transmitted from the police station here by wire to every port and railway station. You are sure of the man?" j "Sure?" echoed Sir Eustace. "As sure as I j am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear j to him among a million." The crowd stood round wondering and jeer ing. George called a carriage and the two j were driven away. ! "Now tell me what the man was like." Sir Eustace described Hetheridge to the life ' —bent, paralytic, bearded, the eye3 defended by goggle glasses. "He spoke in French," he cried, "and I could swear to hi3 voice as well as to his looks. He knew me, too, the villain. If I had found him in a Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol by now." "There hps been a great lapse of time," George urged desperately. " In a matter of such consequence there must be no mistake." "Man alive!" cried Sir Eustaoe, with impa tience. "There can be no mistake. I tell you the scoundrel knew me. He gob back into the corner of the carriage the second I went for him. I heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot in his own jargon, and the fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not so young as I used to be, and it caused me a nasty tumble. I was within an ace of being run over." The cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel and George assisted him to alight. "You have nothing more to tell me before I go?" "Nothing more, except that the blackguard was well dressed. He wore a sealskin coat, the like of which I Bhould think it a sinful extra vagance to buy. Now, don't lose a minute, lad, and if you want for money come to me. I'd spend a thousand pounds willingly to run that fellow down." "I will be with you in an honr," George answered, "and in the meantime I will com municate with the police. Drive me," he called to the driver as he entered the vehicle, "to the Central Station of Police." "Do you know the lingo?" the baronet bawled to him as the driver touched his horse. "Yes, yes," he answered; "wait forme here Sir Eustace." Ten minutes later he was face to faoe with the officer in charge of the Central Station. " Is there a detective officer in Brussels," he asked, "who will undertake private busi ness?" The official answered bhab there were several. " Can you recommend me to a disoreeb and capable man in whom I oan repose oonfidenoe ? He may rely on being well paid." The officer wrote out an address, George read it, thanked him for his courtesy, and drove away again, ready to spend wit and effort, time and money, to pave from justice the one man in the whole world whom he had cause to hate. 