A SUPERFLUOUS HUSBAND. " How many suits for divoreo havo yua on bend!" I asked ono of my friends, en eminent lawyer, whose numerous oonquoate make him au object of terror to all husbands. I have but one," ho replied," and that la for nono of tho causes yotiRupposo', neither adultery nor cruel treatment. If you wish to use the oa«o as the plot of a play, I'll make It known to you." "On what plea, then, ! tbo demand for divorce based 1" "On tho dread of soelog again one from too other world." " 1 do not understand." " Vou know Madame A. de B 1" "Of course; but I thought her the most loving, the most belovod wife in tho world ; also a devoted mother." " Exactly what I sball say in oourt." "As for horhaabend, he le a true gentle man, loyal, obliging, and of spotleee repu tation." 11 Again what I shall say." " And tboso people wish to separate 1" My legal friend enjoyed for a fow momenta tbo perploxlty he was oausing mo, end then told mo the strange story ho transcribed :— Madame A. de B , who is not yet 32 years old, end scarcely appears 31, has bar namo on all subscriptions for obarity, sod la cited at all fashionable routs. Seeing tho eager' ncss audxest whlob sho displays for enjoy ment, and tho fresbneaa and bloom of her beauty, ooo would hardly suppose alio were compensating herself for sad days in the past. Sho has beon married flvo years, or rather remarried, for at twonty sho was, the wlfo of one of tho Boureo's moat reokleas speculators, who left her a widow by a death ao tragh that it is yot remembered. One morning, seven years ago, wo learned that Jacques de T , the well-known club man and social favorite, had boon foand dead in his bed at his country property of Q— — , his faoo mutilated and braina soattored over bia pillow. It was at first thought ho had boon assassinated ; it was winter ' and ton house Isolated and unoccupied. M. de T — - had eomo then to search for oorao account boobs he seeded. Owner of a large manufactory in tho neigh borhood, ho often made auoh trips, leaving his wife for a day at Fans. An old gar- doser, who lodged la a cottage a short dis tance oil, waited upon him. As soon, however, as too affairs of too nn- fortunato man wore investigated, It wna no longor possible to doubt that ho bad com mitted suicide. Ho had, also, a banking house near toe Hue Lefltte, but ho was totally ruined ; tbo dot of his wife, even, had boon absorbed. Malodlotions in plenty were! lot lacking ; some persona instituted sulfa, which the poor wifo easily had set aside. Sho Wupt for him and rogreitod bio - with all her heart. He had been a loving and generous husband. She was the moat oarneit, moot correct and most beautiful widow, In her artless woods, that ono oould wish for. She returned to her own family, and having no children (they bad been married such a short time I) seemed to resume tho life of her girlhood, save her unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes havo ouo advantage ; they areaolslm to the privileges of martyr- dcm. People pitied her ; overyous arid she would never marry again. They forgot that happiness, most abruptly eat short is often that which soonest bads anew. Monsieur A. da IJ— — - is ssbsndsomeas the first husband, goes less frequontly to his olub, and has an assured fortune. Ho foil In love with a woman who hnd lost hern : bow eould she rofnso him 1 Tho second mar riage gave happiness of another typo, loss turbulent, more homo-llko aud complete. First name a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. |de B mado her annual visit to tho dooor- ouh tomb sho had ereotod to tho memory of unlucky T it was almost with a smile of gratitudo that she prayod for the dear departed. As sbo fervently recom mended him to divine moroy, she was oortain her prayers wero heard, for all tho merits of bur flr«t husband seomed augmented by the charming qualities of tho seoond. Ono day Msdamo A. do B-— — reooived a letter which had beon a long time resohing her. , It was directed to Madame de T— , and stamped with an American stamp, Tho hand, writing of tho addross troublod hor, and, whan tho eavolops was torn open, the first lines mads her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious myall fioatlonf or hod poor do T - - planned, bo foro killing himesif, a doeeptiou like that whioh gave Betif de la Bretonne tho plot for a ouriouo novel ? Had bo ordorad that every soven yoars a letter should bo delivered to his wlfo, to prevent her grieving for lilm, and persuade her that he still lived P That waslf. A. de B— — fs first idea when hts frightened little wife brought him tho etrango misilvo, dateu from New York ; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing wellits wordsandstudyingUsproba bllities,hewa« obliged to acknowledge that T— wsa not dead ; that the letter was Indeed from him, aud that it announced his return. But theanioldoltheodrpBePtho burial? Aloe! tho lottcr had a reply for everything. T— rolated how, faoe to fauo with bank raptoy, ho had wished. at onco to indemnify his honor tod facilitate for himself a way to rooonquer hla last fortuno. With the assist ance of a gravedJggor of too village of G— ho got possession of acorpso of hlssixeaud general sppsaranoo, Tho oooaslon had been waited for. during several months ; tho gravedlgger liberally bribed. At night ho plocod the body in his bod, and when ho dressed It in his linoa, find in ito faoo two pistol shots, which rendered it absolutely nnrooognlsable. Then, having accomplished that suicide, in an empty honso, he escaped, taking with him only tho money necessary for his passage, and went to try bis luok In America. The . miserable fellow seemed enohantcd with his expedient. He had the graoo, how- evor,to bo somewhat sober to bis self- praises; bat ho ran on endlowly in telling of too sorrows of separation, the amroish of that loog voyage, too torture ho had imposed on himself in remaining dead for hor, as he was for. tho rest of the world. He should never have had the ooorsge to persevere in his task of rehabilitation if she had written to him, if she had recalled blin I He had condomued himself to seven years of work, of ailenoo, of burial. With all too fatuity of a martyr, ho never seemed to doubt that sho had remained ' a widow sad Inconsolable ; therefore, among the joys that be promised himself in tho futuro, ho gave the first plaoe to tbo greatest, that of oonsoling her, at once, sud denly. " Do not dlo of joy 1 " he wrote to the one who folt ready to die of terror on too pot.- In short, he was very rioh, twoor three time more so then he had ever been, ho was coming book to pay all his creditors, interest and prindpal, to dear his namo, and, as now ha would have no more cares and anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving hie dear little wife. He gave fieetlog glimpses, as into an unknown paradise, of toe children, of whom he was certain. The wretch even made poetry on that eubjeot, mUlionalre'e poetry: Beboe would float through the heaven of their unalterable bites like little 'angels,' or little Cupids. That passage particularly aroused the fury of hf. A. de B . As though they had needed that '"dead-alive" to cell forth angels and loves ! Cotpee he might not be, but at leaatho should not return alive ! \- The second husband's plan was to meet number one part way on Ue way boma and kill, himirinoe' he dared to come out of his .legal tomb under pretext that he was not dead. The ofiloial rcoords would justify that murder , nothing would have to be ohaaged in the ofrilflcate of death ; . nothing effaced Into' main r> .It would not' be a dnel fleareriy/ em "a. murdrni merely a eatfi -.lnfoMU Mll-atftBM.'tn.; rtteip flirt Hamlet glvea on the ground to drive book too importunate ghost. The idea was a good one, aod he must leave at onco. " No, no, not that !" cried Maiamo A. do B , terrified. Was her first Jovo, perchance, resuscitating Willi ber first husband 1 " You take his part demanded No. 2, trembling with jealousy aud horror. "Ungrateful man! Do you not owe to him our five yoara of bappiuees 'i " " The scoundrel has token them back from " IIo baa not the right." "Oarmarriago is null ; his is not." 41 Null, and ourolltldreai',, "Ah! ourohlldren, our children ! " They wero tbore, tho littlo hypothetical chorublm of whom toe wanderer spoke in Lis letter. They enclosed tlioir father aud mother ia their caressing arms ; thoy soothed the wrath of tho menaced hus band. Tho oottple wopt, kissed, and ended by going to consult my friend, the lawyer. It was agreed that ho should ask for a divorce for Madame A. do B— from her first husband as soon as M. do T hadbecu givou to underatoud that it is dangerous for him to return to France. Ills escapade is complicated by a violation of sepuituro. The gravedlgger ia dead, but he, by his own avowal, ordered and paid for tho crime. They caonot reasonably ask him to kill himself, but they might possibly obtain from hiui n promise to continue to play dead man in tbo depths of America ; and, if his probity rovivee, lot him furo'sh the elements for an integral payment of hie debts, without appearing in tho matter ; but that is aromsutic way out of tho diffi culty. Thanks to M. Naquet, thoro is a moro practical method. They will obtain a divorce, and then M. and Madame A. de B -, whose marriage may temporarily fco con-, considered void, will be re-married. It appears, from last news, that M. de T— — is resigned to that arrangement. Ho will not come to Franco, and will lot thedlvoroo be pronounced against bhn. If be is con demned for having placed a pauper's corpse in bis bed and afterwards in a handsome 1 tomb, be will not protest ; ho will pay his French debts and boccmo a naturalised Atrerioan, aud, an it is as easy to have in one's home little angels or little oupids in America us in France, he will not deny him self that happluoea. Indeed, why 7 For ho permits them to porcolvo the troo reason why ho has hod courage to keep silent for seven years, aud not to write to his darling wife. It was booausc ho would have had to dip bia pen in Uio ink-bottle of an American widow. £(s pent-up feelings find relief n that bit of spite. At toe end of seven years of an honorable Intimaoy, and wbeu tho bonds were loss tightly drawn ho had, Indeed, been able to push an arm through hie yielding chains, and sent the letter announcing bis resurrection. Bines thoy iorco him thereto, however, ho will provo that ho knows bow to make the beat of a losing game. Once free in Franco, he will atone for his "falling out" with the widow by marrying her. In Amerios, aa here, that is the surest way to rid one's self of a mistress.— Translated from tho French. 