John May, a man between thirty and forty years of age, was charged at the police court yesterday with being of un- sound mind. Senior-Constable Egglestone stated that on the previous day he went to the South Hay Hotel. The accused had locked himself in a back room, and witness had to burst the door in to get at him. The accused, who appeared to be quite delirious, said that he saw some very beautiful things, that he was walking on some nice carpet, and that he would probably walk into the river. Witness considered accused incapable of taking care of himself and locked him up. He asked that accused should be remanded for medical examina- tion. Accused was remanded for eight days. WILLIAM WILFORD was charged at the police court yesterday with the larceny of a billycan and a pannican. Senior-constable Egglestone stated that accused was given into his custody on the previous day by Mr Hinchcliffe on a charge of stealing a billycan and pannican. The accused admitted that he took the articles from under a form, and that he had been ashamed to ask for them. William H. Hinchcliffe, licensee of the Terminus Hotel, stated that at about half-past nine on the previous morning a Mr Currie complained that he had lost a billy can and a pannican from underneath a form outside the hotel. From something he heard he went to the South Hay Hotel and saw the accused, whom he gave in charge. George Currie, a laborer, stated that the articles produced were his property. He left them underneath a form under the verandah of Hinchcliffe's Hotel. His swag was on the form. Accused admitted having taken the articles, but stated that another man staying at the hotel told him he could do so. The Bench fined accused 40s, in de- fault 14 days' imprisonment. By proclamation in the Government Gazette. the areas which were formerly used as Show ground have been resumed by the Govern- ment and made a reserve for access to water. In the same Gazette 15 acres, being portion 16 of the suburbs of Hay, have been dedi- cated as a Show ground in lieu of the former. We have received from Mr W. Hatha- way a sample of smoked river fish, cured by him. The sample, a perch, made a most tasty dish, and if Mr Hathaway can main- tain the standard of quality he should find ready sale for his fish. Christmas Cards aud Booklets in End less Variety at W. Brown's, opposite A.J.S. Bank. — (Advt.) The attention of all owners of horses, cattle, and sheep is called to the regulation No. 40 (as amended), issued under the Pas- tures and Stock Protection Acts, stating that every ownerof horses, cattle, and sheep, what ever number he may possess (although it should only be one head), shall, between the 1st and 31st December, in each year, make a return to the Inspector of his district in the form of schedule 12, of all such horses, cattle, or sheep owned by him at the date of such return, under a penalty not exceeding £20, which, if incurred, will be strictly en- forced. Forms of returns can be obtained from Clerks of Petty sessions and inspectors of stock, or at any police station. The Hay Fire Brigade Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr Phil Helm, will play the following programme of music on Mr Brown's (bookseller) balcony this even- ing, commencing at 8 o'clock : — Quick March, "Royal Tiger;" Valse, "Happy Gatherings;" March, "Scotia's Pride;" Fantasia, "Love's Message;" Grand March, "St. Albans;" Selection from Opera, "La Favorita;" Schottische, '"Corisante ;" Polka, "Fairy Palace." By advertisement appearing elsewhere Mr C. L. Cutler, pianoforte manufacturer, an- nounces that he will arrive at Hay on Monday and will remain a few days. Mr. Cutler brings numerous testimonials to his ability from his clients in other districts. Christmas and New Year Cards.— Grand window display this evening. W. Brown, opposite A.J.S. Bank. — (Advt. ) The committee of the Hay Athenaeum met yesterday. There were present : —Messrs A.P. Stewart (presiding), Mclver, Whitehead, Camper, Warden, Adrian, Dr. Kennedy, Chambers, Travis, and Johnston. The hon. Treasurer reported that there was £50 to the credit of the institution. It was decided to apply for the unexpended balance of an amount which had been paid to the Colonial Trcasurer to cover the expenses of the first bill presented to Parliament. Accounts amounting to £12 12s 5d were pawed for payment. Mr. Maclver was ap- pointed member of the management committee for this month. On the motion of Mr. Warden, it was de- cided to obtain an estimate of the cost of removing the wall between the jury and the ladies' room, so as to make them into one room. A THIRD performance of the opera, 'Les Cloches de Corneville,' was given in the Academy of Music last night. The per- formance was in aid of the funds of the Athenaeum. The attendance was only fair, and the production did not go quite as smoothly as on former occasions. The principals were the same as heretofore, except that the part of Germaine was sus- tained by Mrs. Alt. The numbers that were most successful were Mrs. Wood's solos, 'Not a Ghost at all' and ' Just look at that,' Mrs. Alt's ' Love the Minstrel' and the chorus ' Silent heroes,' all of which were encored. At an interval Mr. Newton, on behalf of tho Athenaeum committee, thanked tho audience for their attendance and the performers for their good services. The incumbent of S. Paul's will take for his subject on Sunday morning, Canon Potter's new book, ' The Germ- Grower's. ' Mr. Norman M'Kenzie, junior telegraph operator at Junee, and formerly at Hay, has been promoted to be an operator. The privileges in connection with the annual race meeting of the Carrathool Jockey Club will be sold at auction, by Messrs. Crawford and Hidgcock, at Carra- thool, on Monday next. As the race day is the gala day of the year at Carrathool, good prices for the lots are sure to be forthcoming. The privileges in connection with the Hay New Year Race Meeting and the Half- Holiday Association sports will be sold by auction to-morrow (Saturday), at the Cale- donian Hotel, by Messrs. R. C. M'Kinney and Co. Full particulars of the lots to be sold appear in an advertisement to be found elsewhere. The bench of magistrates met to-day, and revised the jury list for 1893. During the course of his address to the audience at last night's performance, Mr Newton said that an entertainment would shortly be held in the Park in aid of the families of the unemployed at Broken Hill. Without expressing an opinion as to the merits of the late strike, Mr Newton urged that the entertainment should receive the liberal support which Hay proverbially be- stowed on charitable enterprises. He had received, he said, the most pathetic accounts of the destitution prevalent at Broken Hill, where women and helpless children were in a state bordering in starvation. The an- anouncement that an entertainment was to be given was received with applause. In the Legislative Council on Wednesday night the debate on the second reading of the Electoral Bill was concluded. The ma- jority of the speakers indicated their strong feeling in favor of a vote of thrift being in- cluded in the bill. Several of them con- sidered the measure so bad that it should be rejected on the second reading, while others thought that the hill should be passed in an amended form, so that the country might know exactly what the Council was prepared to do. Tho second reading of the bill was agreed to on a division by 39 votes to 9. The bill was taken pro forma into committee, and its consideration was adjourned for a week. At the Police Court this morning, Thoma Prendergast was charged, on remand, with having no visible lawful means of support. The police asked for accused's discharge as a vagrant, which was granted. Accused was then charged with being of unsound mind. Dr. Kennedy stated that he had the accused under observation for the past week and had doubts as to the soundness of his mind. He was not prepared to give a definite opinion, and asked that accused be remanded for another week. The remand was granted. The following applications for conditional purchases were lodged with the local land agent yesterday : — Edmund Edmunds, of Booroorban, c.p. 200 acres, county of Town- send, parish of North Caroonboon, Bundy- lumblah run, special area of 30s per acre ; Samuel McCaughey, of Singoramba, c.p. 475½ acres, county of Boyd, parish of Glen- gulla, Singoramba holding, special area at 30s per acre. The land applied for by Mr Edmunds is part of special area No. 11,141 which will be open for ordinary conditional purchase on next land office day. This weok's sales we offer 600 boys' tweed K. B. suits, half price. — P. B. Terry and Co. To-morrow Messrs. Crawford and Hidg- cock will sell at noon, 20 steers and 6 draught horses at Tattersall's Yards, and at 3 p.m., 4000 wethers, rising 6-tooth. Full particulars are advertised. 