MARAH'IL JRIALS. • CHAPTER VI.—(Continued.) " I expeoted to be spoken to in that manner," Mrs. Charles, said, sternly; " it is the way of women like you. I came to see if you had any sense of repentance in you, if there was a chance of salvation for you even now, and if you will consent to a plan which I have made for your benefit and that unhappy ohild's." Marah looked round, wildly, with a vain hope of escaping, butjMrs. Charles stood before her stern and implacable, and there was no chance of getting away from her. "Listen! "shesaid. "This is what I propose to do. I will take that child of yours—unhappy offspring of sin— and wilt tear him in a quiet godly way befitting his miserable condition, and will provide for him according jto his deserts. I have no children of my own, and I shall not count the money illspent. But I have one condition to make: you must never try-to see him or communicate with him in any way; I will not have him connected with anything or anyone belonging to you." Oh! how she clasped the unconscious infant to her bosom; - with what flash ing eyes she turned upon the woman who thus calmly proposed to divide mother and child! She had never looked more beautiful in her life. Mrs. Charles, it is easy to see that you have never had a child of your own or you would not calmly talk of taking mine from me. : I love my' darling as dearly as ainy mother oan love her babe, and I woold rather die than part from him, As for you," her eyes flashing, her whole face alight with indignation, " how dare you: speak to me in that way ? What proof have you that I am not as honest a woman as you are ? " "Can you show me your marriage lines ? " demanded Mrs. Charles, contemptuously. . No ; i cannot, because "they are in my husband's possesion," said Marah, Emitting more than she had ever done lefore ; so - stung was she by the oon- Unely with which she was being treated. " If you will wait a few weeks, Mw. Charles, perhaps you will be Sorry -that you have treated me in this manner. There is a certain chapter in the Testament which I Bhould advise you to . study a little—it treats almost exclusively of charity, and iB worthy of your attention," aiidflifting her hand with a gesture of authority, Marah, pointed to the garden gate, t " Go ! I have nbthingmore to Way to you!" 1 It isjatffldst needless, to add that Mrs. Chariot departed ^with the- oonviction, that Marah was, indeed , altogether, shameless* a£d dbomfed tb all sorte of extreme punishment. _ CHAPTER VilL General Woodcote was a little better, and MB poor wife thus freed from her constant attendance upon him. He had really been very ill all through the winter,, and the uncertainty attending his soil's fate had so worried and harassed him that he looked only like the ghost of his old autocratio self. Kendal Vine was still at the Lodge. -He had no other home to go to, and was always welcome there, and the general had actually expressed a wish that, he and Una should be married from the Lodge. He was not nearly so disagreeable as of old, and Kendal remembering that visit of his to Yorkfold, determined to appeal to the old man for some assistance for the girl whom; lie greatly feared Felix had roinfed So, one day when the general was hobbling up and down the terrace on his stick, ana Kendal was waiting beside him. the latteraaid, sently—.. " General, there's something I want to say to you; but I am afraid you will be angry- - Do you . think our poor Felix is really dead?" "L.am afraid BO," was the gruff r^ply. " I think we. should have heard totnething of himhefore now if he were aiEve." "Then, if yon really think so, I am sure yon - would regard any wish of his as sacred, would you not? " "Perhaps," was the somewhat tin willing admission. " I think yon would in this case, sir. Down in Essex: there is a poor girl living who loves Felix, and whom, I am sorely afraid, he ha8 treated 'badly. Now I know that she has no means of through him, and I greatly fear that she is altogether destitute. You would not have this state of affairs continue, would you?" "Who says that he treated her badly?" growled the general. " I am afraid that it is only too true," Kendal said, sadly. " It is the only blot on an otherwise perfectly honourable nature." " We will talk over 'this another time," said Sir Huntingdon, for TTna Monckton was coming towards him, and later on he spoke to his wife concerning the matter. "Leonora, you ^new most of Felix's affairs. _ Did you evefchear anything about a girl down in &sex; that he wasfjnd of?" 'XiTeB, dear," timidly. "He hoped in time to obtain your consent to a marriage with her." " Did he ? What was she ? " "A teacher in a national school; but Felix said that she was a perfect lady." ~ - — - - The general made no answer for a moment; then he said, quickly, while there was a suspicion moisture in his keen old eyes— "I wish, he would come back, Leonora. He should marrj the kitchen maid Hf he* chose—xipon my' soul, he should." - ' Lady Woodcote clasped her hands. " He will never come back, Huntingdon. He was murdered by those savages—the beBt, the deareBt son a woman ever had!" A servant knocked at the door. "There's® gentleman in the library wants to see you, Sir Huntingdon," said he, with an excited look on his face, which the general was too agitated to notice. "He says his business is important, sir. He must see you! " Growling impatiently, tlie pld man* gentleman stood with hie back to the light, a tall fellow with his arm in a sling, " You wanted to see me," said the general, trying to see his visitor's face. "Yes," was the reply; "I bring you news of your son," and then all at once the voice changed, and the stranger sprang forward, ciying— " Father—father! I have come back. Are you glad to see me ? " The general opened wide his arms and folded his son in them, while tears ran unheeded down his cheeks. ; (To be continued.) 