TWO NIGHTS IN A WORK- HOUSE THE EXPERIENCES OF A LADY "AMATEUR CASUAL." A lday representative of the Pall Mall Budget has taken a turn as an amateur casual in one of the London workhouses to gain actual experience of the treatment meted out to females who have to endure the penalty of being poor and helpless. The lady amateur thus relates her experiences and impressions:- It was bitterly cold on the evening a few days ago when, after eating the very largest meal I ever had in my life, I set out for one of the workhouses in the poorest parts of' London. It is quite close to the dock- in a neighbour- hood, as everybody knows, where poverty and wretchedness abound. That is why I selected it. I drew my old dolman tightly around me - it was so very old that no pawnbroker would have taken it as a gift - and walked feet to get warm. But the cold went through my rags and pierced me to the bone. It was quite dark when I reached the workhouse. I had with me a humble friend- the womean who lent me things 1 was wearing-to show me the way. "I believe this is the door," she said, pulling a bell. I was astonished, for I expected to see a shivering crowd waiting to be admitted. But there was nobody. This seemed to me strange at the time: but I think I can understand it now. A woman opened the door - I couldn't see her face in the darkness - and a couple of big dogs made their appearance. "Is this the casual ward?" said my friend. "Yes: what do you want?" was the reply. "Nothing: only this young woman wants a night's lodging." "Well, what have you got to do with it?" snapped the other. "She's big enough to speak for herself, I should think. Have you got nowhere to go?" was the next question, addressed to me. "No," I answered simply. "Well, what are you, married or single? Have you ever done any work?" "A widow. When I can get work I work at paper-bags." "Well if you come in you'll have to pick two pounds of oakum, and if your task isn't done by 11 o'clock in the morning, you won't go out till the fol- lowing day, Wednesday." I said that 1 had quick fingers, and if the task was anything like a reasonable one I could do it. The woman was the wife of the superintendand, I learned afterwards. She was fair and florid, clean, and neatly dressed. I somehow imagined that her hard expression and snappish manner were both assumed. She left me standing in the passage in care of the two big dogs, and went into the office to enter particulars in a book. "Where did you sleep last night?' I gave an address in a back street at London Fields - boldly, as I hope to be forgiven. "Hackney way, isnt't it! I don't think there's a street of that name there. "You can look and see," I said. "In the directory?" (with a look of real or feigned surprise)' " Yes." "How old are you?" I gave my correct age, but there is no reason why I should tell it here. " Have you any money about you." " No." " Nor knives ?" "No." In answer to other questions, I said that I was making my way to Bromley in Kent, where I hoped to find a rela- tion who would give me shelter. The woman came out of the office and opened a door opposite me, to call somebody. A man carne forward when she sent downstairs for something, and I just caught a glimpse of a narrow stone passage with a row of doors on each side. The man came back in a minute or two with a pint can three parts filled with porridge and a penny loaf. " Take your supper and 'go upstairs," said the woman. She went up with me, followed by one of the big dogs. I was taken into a bathroom. "Sit down there and eat your supper. You'll have a bath." The hot- water tap was turned on and allowed to run about 6in. of water in the bath. I gulped down a few spoonfuls of the porridge. It was rather nasty. There was a lot of salt in it, and I got two or three half-dissolved lumps in my mouth. With difficulty I managed to eat a few mouthfuls of bread. I said J was not dirty, and didn't need a bath. But the woman told me I should be compelled to have it, and I could see from her manner that she meant what she said. So I undressed, and told her I could manage. " Oh, no ; I must watch you in." I didn't speak for a few seconds, but when I had untied all my rags, and was ready to slip them off, 1 said, " Well, 1 have some sense of personal decency, but if you will stand there of course it can't be helped." "Oh, you needn't mind me ; I see all sorts of people. It's not so bad as having a man standing by. I can't leave you. What if you were to commit suicide hang yourself or cut your throat? Throw the water over your back. I am not supposed to leave this door while you are in there. You say you're a paper-bag maker. I should've though a young woman like you was fit for something better." "I've not been at it long," I said. " I have come down in the world, through no fault of my own." She went out for a second, but the dog lay outside the open door keeping watch. " You needn't be afraid of the dog," she said, coming back. " He's here to protect me. There's some des- perate characters in here sometimes. He nearly had a woman who was in about a fortnight ago. She was drunk, and got hold of me." "Are there many people here to- night ?'"I ventured to ask. "You're the only woman, and there won't be any more tonight. They don't like coming here; it's too clean. They like to go to some of the other places where they're all together. " But aren't there any men ?" "Oh. yes, a lot downstairs." "What am I to put on?" " You'll have a night-dress. There it is; you are not allowed to take anything of your own into your cell." I put the nightdress on. It was made of very coarse stuff and only reached to my knees. " Fold your clothes up together in a bundle. You'll take them with you to your cell door and leave them outside. YOu can put on our shoes to go down the passage. Take your bread with you; I can't throw it away." I was shown into a little stone cell, about the size of an ordinary wash- house, with white-washed walls. It had a small window, high enough to be out of reach, contained an iron bedstead, a sraw mattress and bolster, and two rugs. I was locked in. There was an aperture with iron ban, at the top of the cell on the same side as the door, and I got some gas- light from the passage through this. Across one side of the floor there was a hotwater pipe, but never, when I touched it, was it ever more that warm. I wrapped myself in the blankets and lay down, but the bed- stead was so short that to keep in my feet I had to lie somewhat crouched up. I tried to be philosophical, but this was difficult, for I was shivering horribly. It would soon be all over though, I kept saying to myself, and I resolved to work as I could at my task next morning, so that I might got out at 11. At midnight, when everything was quiet. I began to wish I hadn't read "Real Ghost Stories." I covered up my face adn tried to go to sleep. But I couldn't even get drowsy, and it was a positive relief to me in the small hours of the morning to hear somebody snore. I scarcely had a wink of sleep all night. About half-past 6 in the morning the door of my cell was unlicked, not by the woman I saw at night- an older woman with a forbidding expressing She didn't speak at first. I suppose she thought that to stare was as good as to speak. I got up. "Take your bed in there," she said, pointing to the cell opposite. " Bring out the rugs as well. Take in your clothes." I was locked in again. The woman came back in about 10 minutes with a can of porridge, such as I had at night, and another loaf. "Take your breakfast," she said, and locked me in just as before. I had only a mouthful or two of the porridge when she came in again. This time she brought with her a dozen pieces of cart-rope, each about 10in. long. "You've never done any of this sort of work?" "No." She took up one piece, untwisted a coil, and thrashed it against the bed- stead. It was now in about 40 pieces of string. She partly shreded to fluff one piece to show me how to do it. "How long will it take me to do it all?" I asked. "Nearly all day, I reckon." "If I work very hard can't I get it finished by 11." " No, you couldn't finish it by then. You're not going out to-day, you know," she said rather tauntingly "The missus told you you weren't last night." She went out, but came back in a minute or two with a can of water. Seeing that I was working instead of eating my breakfast, she said, " You're not going out to-day, my girl, so eat your breakfast." I went on working without making any answer. The men downstairs were breaking stones. To the sound of their ceaseless hammering I thrashed and tore away at the rope as fast as my fingers could move, never stopping to rest for a minute. It was tarred and very hard and sticky. I suppose the time must have been about 11 when "the missus" looked in and said, "Well, how are you getting on?" A little prattling baby girl had fol- lowed her to the door, and she pushed in her inquisitive little face at me. "I am afraid I haven't made much progress," I said. I had shredded two pieces of the rope, and there were ten more to do yet. "Beat it against your bedstead," said the woman. "You'll find that'll soften it a good deal." I told her that I had been doing that. "Yes, but you don't beat it half hard enough." She went away, locking the cell door as usual. I went on working fast and steadily for another three hours. My shoulders were beginning to ache, and I had blisters on the fist and second fingers of my right hadnd that were getting very painful. One, in fact, had become raw, and was bleeding. The woman who brought me my breakfast brought me my dinner. It was a piece of cheese and another penny loaf. She wasn't so boorish this time. She asked me if I wanted another can of fresh drinking water. I didn't touch the bread and cheese, but went on work- ing. I had got five pieces of the rope shredded, adn there was only the after- noon left to finish the other seven. It would be too dark to work after 6. What if I didn't get finished before then. I was getting into a feverish distracted state. "Do you think I shall get it done to- day?" I asked. "It is to be hoped so," said in a tone that implied that she did not think any- thing of the sort. "You've picked that first lot fine, but this lot's coarser. It's no use to pick it any She left me at that, and, still 'hoping that I might complete my task in time I to escape another sleepless night in the cell, I tore distractedly at the oakum. From 1 o'slock to G I never ceased the monotonous, painful_ toil-my fingers every moment becoming more soro and painful. But hard as 1 worked I could see as the daylight faded that my efforts were hopeless. ? When tho matt on brought what I suppose I must call by courtesy my tea-it was bread and poiridge-only that and nothing moie-I was standing on tho bedstead picking at the rope and catching the last glimmer of daylight. I had practically no food-I couldn't eat what had been offered to me-and I really was heartsick at the prospect of much more of this prison-like rigour. I had played the amateur casual long enough, but thero was my unfinished task before me. To have confessed myself would have been to court a prosecution for getting food and ¡lodg ing (save the mark !) by false pretences. Besides that, it would have been cowardly. No ¡ that task must be done. Could I finish it by candlelight, and so free myself ? This faint ray ot hope for an instant lightened the dark- ness, but "the missus" soon extin- guished it. "(Jan I have a light ?" lasked with tears in my voice and in my eyes, though she couldn't see thom. " You can't," she said, but there was a tone of pity even in this shoit answer, and it tempted mo to plead. " For Heaven's sake, if you've any pity, let me have a light. If I am in this dieadful place another day I shall go mad." " Well, I don't know that it's very dreadful. If you go into other casual wards you'll find you wouldn't get spoken to as you've beon spoken to here, or Ueateu tho same way. And I told you when you carno in what you would have to do." " But the task is a monstrous one," I retorted, my indignation beginning to get the better of my feelings. " To think that human beings should be treated like this for being simply destitute,' It's shameful. Its mon- strous." ' ; Did this outburst make her doubt ,whether I was genuine casual, I wouder ? Do the poor creatures wl o really are destitute dumbly do the prison task-the hard painful prison tor the shelter of a cell and a bit of coarse food ? Whether it was a guess at the truth, or only the natural pity of a woman's heart, she softened to me. She» was anxious that I should hot think that she was personally to blame. "It's not mj fault, you know. It's nothing to do with me." She even went so far as to explain that the guardians ordeied the food. She was there, she said, only to enforce the rules One part of her apology desoí ves to be especially noticed. "They're not all alike, you know. I should think from your manner you've been educated and well brought up. Most of the people who como heio are Ubed to thisboitof life, and many of them have been in pi ison " A faint reflection, this, of the ideas of what is due to the poor and ignorant hold by many who are higher placed than tlie " missus " of the casual ward. This opportunity to lighten at least her darkncibl instantly seized on. "Aie not the poor and the ignorant, and e\en those who have perhaps com- mitted a theft and suflered punishment for it, human beings with the same feelings and emotions as the educated and well-brought-up ?" She seemed to seo the matter in a new light. It was too strong, and dazed her. She only said in a confused, half-convinced bort of way, " Oh, yes, they're human beings, but-" llio end of our talk was that she left the cell-door open so that I could seo to work by tho light of the gas outside. I had woikoa away some littlo time, not even looking up fiom the rope I was Hulling, when a faint littlo voico caught my ctr. Looking up, I saw standing at the door the matron's littlo girl-a pretty little f.iii -haired thing about two years old, Slio seemed to have been watching mo for somo minutes, and now was ready to make up to mc. She said something I didn't quito catch. Just as I was about to speak (I had almost snatched hor before'I'remombcied I was a tiwnp), her mother's voice was hoard ¡ " Como au'ay from there." There was n moment of hesitation and a look of disappointment, and then tho littlo thing ran away. My progress after this incident seemed doubly slow. Soon I gave it up in despair and resigned myself to another night of tho cell. Still I wasf picking away when the second woman I have spoken of carno along and told nie that I needn't do any moro. I had been let off the thin pieces of rope" ,yot unpicked. This did not mean escape, however. Of course, as far as I know. I had no sholter for the night. By'¿ive .« oman's instruction I got the straw'mattress and, the two rugs from the coll I lind carried thom to in the morning, made the best dis- position of them I could, and then >was looked in for tho night. ' i I suppose by this time I was getting used to it,, for,I 'qer,tainly ,_did 'sleep a littlo. Mysleeping and waking thoughts Í;ot curiously mixed. I fancied that day- | jght had brought another'task, and shuddctcd witn'tho conviction that I should be' so kept a prisoner for over. When the'morning carno, and I found myself undoubtedly awako, I ¡ felt a sickehing fear that pet'hnps more oakum would be served up with tho breakfast and ' skilly. Tliq sudden throwing open of tho door, startled mo a little. It was tho 'attendant who stood in the doorway. I nskèd her the time. It was half past C. Hie left tho cell unlocked, and caine back in a few minutes with my breakfast-thinking, .perhaps, that by this time hunger would givo me an appetite for the stuff, t All I wanted wasthewoul to go. I thought I might escape without any, 'formality, and plucked up cou i age qnough to ask, "Can'I go out now?" "Nob just yet," the woman said ¡ "it isn't'7 o'clock." From this point my mind was at ease. I knew that I soon should (have played out my part. With my normal amount of philosophy I sat down on the mattress. I sat t down on the bed and ruminated., I v;as' fast coming to tim conclusion that for the lmnestly deserving the casual ward was a place to be avoided, when the woman gameto tell me I was'free'to'leave it. A gruff question froui the manyat the door-"Is there anything hero that belongs to you ? "-a thankful. ' No," a hurried walk to a house near by-and soon I had thankfully put off with my rags my character 'or ' the Amateur Casual.-Pall Mall Budget. 