THE ODDITIES OF CHINESE ACTING. The actor occupies a strange and anomalous position in the Chinese social order. While acting his part on the stage, the character he essays lives again in him in the estimation of his ?couJrtrvmen, and he is for the while the object of -their admiration and ap plause. While pursuing his calling he -may administer, -without fear -of -conse- quences, rebuke to emperor, king or viceroy. It is to the keen satire and ?covert reflections of their actors that the Chinese owe much of the reforma tion of abuses and the righting of grievous official wrongs. But whea off the stage the actor is met by the barriers of ostracism.* He cannot mingle with his countrymen exr cept those of his own calling. This 'custom goes so far as to prevent him from Associating with his own family outside of his wife and children. The player, like a leper, is the Chinese outr cast. The roles of Mongolian drama are anything but easy to essay. The drama, tragedy or comedy, is drawn only in outline, and to conform with it the Chinese player is required to compose his own part. He conceives the char acter allotted to him, and he voices those sentiments which he feels will not fail to receive the appreciatiDn of his audience. Bombast and bravado are pleasing to Mongolian ears and are the rounds upon which the Chinese actor climbs up the ladder of popular appreciation to consequent fame. Al though in our estimation the Chinese actor overdraws his part and would be treated to howls of derision if he ap peared on a civilised stage, yet he ex hibits a keen appreciation, from the standpoint of his countrymen, of the role he essays. Visitors to the Chinese theatres are usually astonished to find that the Mongolian is not a novice in the art of imitation. Even genius is to be found on the Chinese boards. When it is considered that the mechanical effects of the Chinese stage are of an exceed ingly crude order, the player is de serving of all the credit for keeping alive in the hearts of his countrymen their great love of theatrical displays. The crudities of the Chinese stage are responsible for some very amusing incidents which are evidently not ap preciated by Mongolian audiences, for instance, the lack of a curtain fre quently relieves a tragedy from a tinge melancholy. It is not an infrequent .spectacle on the stages of our local theatres to see the victim of the tragedy, who .is supposed to be lying cold in death while the victor is bombastically proclaiming his triumph, coolly gets up and -walk into the dressing room without the least attention being paid to him by the audience. In fact it was only recently in Chinese tragedy ?where a good and wise king slew 10 , rebellious generals by his own hand, that the slain nonchalantly arose from -the floor and walked out. Of course 4he Chinese do not see any violation ?of the proprieties in this, but such con duct on -a civilised stage would of ?course turn 'the most thrilling tragedy \- iato a side splitting farce. The lack of scenery and absence of curtain cause a juggling together of the various .{tarts of a play which re quire a very vivid imagination and a patient audience to intelligently sepa rate. There is a considerable display of the natural about Chinese acting which serves to enshroud the veriest tragedy in a light veil of comedy. For instance, should one of the players garments become disarranged or his grotesque head gear require firmer fastenings he has those defects remedied in full view or the audience. ' An at tendant steps out of the group which lines each side of the stage like a chorus and performs the necessary task. The play meantime is suspended until matters are satisfactorily arranged. The orchestra in the interval hammers away at an ear splitting sonata that probably serves to blind the audience until the play can prooeed. When several star actors are engaged in the same piece they make things ' hum' to the evident enjoyment of the audience. ?. As expressed by a visi tor, as he opened his eyes in astonish ment at the procedure, ' Why, these fellows all get on the stage at onne, and they run each other close to see who can get in the most chin.' And it is a fact when the ' stars' get to gether. If the piece had any natural arrangement it is transformed into a ' free for all' contest, and a blow of bombastic words is the result of the. contest, which sets the audience wild with delight. The character of Chinese dramatisa tions is such that it is permissible for the actor to introduce his specialities just when he wills. The hoodlum is a type that has come under the favor able notice of the Chinese acter for his character drawing during the past year or two. And that character, with his bold swagger and defiant strut, is aptly imitated by the Mongolian actor ; and the audience, who have all suffered more or less at his hands, greet the representations with continuous laugh ter. As women are debarred by Chinese custom from entering on a theatrical career, their parts are well taken by female impersonators. Actors assum ing such characters as a specialty can and do command the highest salaries on the Chinese stage. Their imita tions of the coyness of maidenhood and the shrewishness of old age are astonishing. The deception in dress and acting is so perfect in this regard that one not knowing the immutability of Chinese customs would readily be lieve that they, were, in fact, what they pretended' to be. In some of the plays these female impersonators dis play a coyness and affectation in mak ing love that is wonderfully realistic. The prim and sedate mother is another role that receives realistic treatement at the hands of Chinese actors. In the lighter roles the Chinese actor will bear contrast with his more ad vanced and civilised brother in the same profession. But in heavy drama the Chinese characterisation runs too much toward vaiuglorious boasting and bravado, which they evidently misinterpret for the virtues of dignity and self reliance. In the esti mation of the Chinese actors the king is always represented as a supercilious and cynical braggart who can conquer with but a wave of the hand or a stern glance of the eye. The ' rebellious generals' rebel for no higher purpose than the evanescent glory of temporary power. They are made to vie with the kingly character in their contemp: tuous swagger and off-hand bragga docio. * The Chinese comedian is a role that is usually well sustained and would bear representation on the civilised stage. There is a droll humor about the Chinese that when acted even naturally is worthy of appreciation. The Chinese comedian takes liis part well. He continues in his little by play while the leading general and the heavy king are engaged in a. banter of words. The comedian falls over a chair as if by mistake, and then looks about with such a droll expression on his grotesquely painted face that even the tnora stolid of his race are forced to smile at his antics. Of course, the comedian's part merely consists of boyish pranks and childlike tricks. A common feat is dropping a stone on the foot and then indulging in a series of gyrations supposed to be caused by the pain. Sticking out the tongue and making fantastic grimaces are other standbys with the Chinese comedian. They a,e simple enough, but are well carried out land demonstrate the' fact that ' the Chinese actor who essays the role of comedy realises that laughter should reply to his antics. The Chinese are frequenters of the theatres. If they cannot raise the money to get a peaceable admittance they fight their way in, as has fre quently been the case in this city. The two local . theatres are crowded nightly from pit to dome. The patrons of these resorts are critical and discerning, and, as a result, the management is constantly on the alert to provide a good entertainment, and to do this they have to secure the brightest stars in the Chinese theatri cal heavens. These 'stars' are * ' engaged at an enormous outlay,' and have to be supported by a company of two score or more. The Chinese actor is not to be likened to the stage 'struck American school girl. He is a cool, calculating creature who loves his profession for the money there is in it. He is way beyond the reach of the barn storming manager in his terms, and is not satis fied to accept his board and to have his name blazon forth on great three sheet posters in Ifttere of red. He wants, first, last and at all times, a salary. If he is prominent in his pro fession he is in receipt of constant 'calls' from theatre managers. In the end he accepts the ' call' with the best salary. For a time the local theatres en gaged in a keen rivalry to secure the services of the best talent. Salaries were forced up to a high point, and as much as 10,000 dol. a year was paid to single actors by both theatres. In fact, the Washington-street theatre once carried oft the palm by engaging Wah Ng Gum, an actor of fame, for a few weeks at the rate of 25,000 dol. a year. The actors are all boarded at the theatre, and they live well. They sport fine clothes, patronise fan tan and give swell parties. The best of the talent engaged by the local places of amusement receive from 40 dol. to 100 dol. a week. The stage hands who, by the wp,y, have to be well drilled in the piece to perform their duties, are paid front 7.50 dol. to 20 dol. a week. The supporters of the stars get from 15 dol. to 40 dol. for their services. The 'ghost walks' with the utmost regularity in Chinese theatres. For woe betide the manager who should fail to pay the company. His remains would not be recognised by his own mother. The theatrical profession among the Chinese is recruited from the corps of supers attached to the theatres. They ? perform the various duties about the stage and gradually climb up the ladder to higher positions until they, shine forth as stars. Adaptability has : nothing to do with the profession in ? the Chinese estimation. It is the ex perience acquired by long years of association with the store of the stage that is considered. Acting with them is a trade, learned and acquired like any mechanical pursuit. This accords with the boast once made by a promi nent barn stormer that be could make an actor out of a saw horse if given time. — S. JF. Ckromde. 