THE HAUNTED DEEMING. HIS GHOSTLY EXPERIENCES. Mrs. Taft, with whom Deeming boarded after his arrival in Sydney, in 1881, has given a re markably clear and intelligent further account of her mysterious lodger. He had apparently worked his rray out from England, and was remarkably ill provided with clothes, his only decent apparel being some that it afterwards transpired he had stolen from the cap tain and mate of his vessel. How he had coma bv his wardrobe was not. of course, known until ho had left Mrs. Taft's, and until the ghost episode he was a remarkably quiet and unobjec tionable lodger, ingratiating in Ms manner, and much given to talking about his ' dear wife.' He was accustomed to sleep not only with, that ill-fated woman's likeness under his pillow, but, according to his own account, he would go to sleep with itclaspedinhiskand. The great thing peculiar about his appearance, which would otherwise have not been much remarked, was that he had a very shifting eye. In I SSI Deeming gave his age as 28, As for the ghost episode, it is a somewhat mysterious affair, and it seems hard to tell whether the man really fancied he saw something or was trying for some sinister purpose to frighten his landlady. He broached the subject by saying that he believed something was going to happen to him as his mother in England had taught him to believe that there were always foreshadowings of unfortunate events. This naturally gave rise to inquiries as to what particular fore shadowings he had had, when he said that he was not comfortable upstairs, that ' some thing ' would come and stand by his bed and even pluck his clothes off him. This seems to have been pooh-poohed the firsttune; but he soon reverted to the story. Coming downstairs one even ing he inquired of Mrs. Taft whether she had seen anything coming downstairs bofore him. He de clared that a white ball, about the size of a cat, had rolled or skimmed, down beforo him. On this occasion Mrs. Taft plucMly went up with a candle to help search for the stranse object, but, of course, nothing was found. When the sub ject of the ghost was raised for the third time Mrs. Taft became alarmed. She thought that a wilful attempt was being made to frighten ? her in a peculiarly mean manner. Mrs. Taft, who took no other boarders, was at this time alone in the house, her daughter being absent on a visit. Deeming's ghost stories were particularly depressing, because Mrs. Taft's brother had died at her residence some time before the strange boarder's arrival. The third time that the ghost appeared to Deeming was the last. He began his tale about spiritual visitations, and a fear that some thing might have happened to 'poor dear Marion,' when his enraged listener snatched the poker and, telling him that he was a villain to try and frighten a lone woman, put him out there and then. She now thinks that it was fortunate that she did so ; remembering Deeming's objec tion to go to any place where there were other boarders, and his fancy for her house in Middle-street, Chippendale,' because it was quiet and isolated. Deeming, after his expulsion, either did not bear malice or dissembled it. At Christmas time he sent cards to Mrs. and Miss Taft. That to Mrs. Taft had on it a cross, and the words — Jcy bells rintr, and angels sin? Glory to the Savionr King. That to Miss Taft was of floral design, and the words ran thus — CHRISTMAS WISH. May pleasure blossom brightly. The summer inern WiU fell and fade When summer waves ; But friendship's blooms Are brightest borne. And light the shade When winter reigns. In these may joys Like f rajrran.ee hide, And fill thy heart. This Cbxistmastide. When with Mrs. Taft, Deeming tried to make himself out a freemason, 'saying that he had lost bis insignia. He tried to get introduced to a prominent mason, but it is believed failed. When Deeming was with Mrs. Taft he was a very sober ?nrnyrij so his ghost-Beeing. ' can have had nothing about it of delirium tremens. 