THE EDITORIAL MILL. — The-Bfaok Labour Bill has been carried^. The few MM.L.A. who remained loyal to their pledges considered even a show of re eistanos hopeless ; and for the three Labour men, with Glassey sick, to have attempted to raise a stonewall was decided by them to be uselesB. A more lawless deed the par liamentary world has never witnessed. A more barefaced piece of political trickery ? has never 4aeen more tamely submitted to by any people. Hard times have taken tbe backbone out of Queensland, which shows that any tyrannical act is possible if the ruling class only waits its opportunity and is not troubled with fine scruples. The fruit of twenty years' agitation, of two ap parent victories at the polls, of a big move ment which had for its object the preserva tion of Australia as a white man's land, has been snatched away by the unparalleled treachery of a Premier and the extra ordinary sycophancy of those elected to keep Queensland white. * * * On another page will be found Griffith's speech against Black Labour delivered in ? w»ft Monte |g«g_th»p turn yam* ago. That he has, in the way he has, is certainly enough to shake public confidence in the ? honour ajid trustworthiness of any_poli lician. Certainly it is not calculated to give* Queensland confidence in the loud promises of this promise-breaking' Premier and Parliament that the kanaka will be confined to field work only. The kanaka will be employed wherever be tan be em ployed more profitably than the white man. Of that' we oan make up our minds at once. ? ? ' ? He has always been so employed in. -dkaek defiance of the laws. Legally he coma neresoiore De empioyea only at — * Meld work in connection with the cultivation Of sugar-cane, cotton, tea, coffee, rice, spices, . or other tropical or semi-tropical productions or fruits, , ? . ? and was specially forbidden by Act of Parliament to be engaged in — :. *£he business of engineers, engine drivers, engine flttert, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, far item, sugar 'boilers, carpenters, sawyers, split ters, teoosn, bullock drivers, or mechanics ; !Plje baftaws of grooms or coachmen ; Th« boAutess of horse driving or carting, ex cept iti Bold work; or, BoiaesS* or household service. We all know bow these regulations were not merely broken but actually treated as hot existing. I have myself stood with the Polynesian inspector and watched kanakas doing all sorts of work about a sugar mill, it never occurring to those in authority to .cheek thia illegal interference with White Labour. But what are Jaws to those /who ovej-ridp constitutions ? Black Labour has , been JbroejJ upon us again, lawlessly and — reckjflBsly^and we shaU-have to Buffet it xmlesa we upset it again next Parliament. Only, now oan Parliaments be relied on? play fast and loowrwilh Lheir pledges what security have: we bo long as the banking influence remains ? Jn fact, what security have we of anything 'so long as the fear of unemployment, of .want for those we love, can bow the neck and bend the knee of the bravest. There oan be no security until the competitive system is utterly destroyed, and until every man is a free man, secured in his freedom by being. — secured in his means of living. ?.?'?'? ? As for Griffith, every society, has the criminals it deserves. And if our Society did not .deserve to be betrayed and de oeived, if it were not so rotten in itself that little but rottenness oould spring front it, we should not-have any Griffiths. That we should tolerate in public life a man like M'Hwraith, that the public vote four years ago should have thrown the reins of power to a notorious public ex ploiter, a man to whom political life is only a pie from whioh he picks the plums, deprives us of the right to justly condemn Griffith. We have snawn him that honour and iioneBty and truth and virtue are not the keys wherewith t» unlock the gates of Power and in his m%d craving for Power ? he has thrown these virtues to the wind. Yet it was something that Judas hung himself; and that Griffith's remorse is driving hint to the grave, as every man oan see, shows that he is not altogether \- b»d. ? * ? The inner history of this Black Labour move has yet to be written and its effects have yet to be seen. But this is very cer tain, -that the sugar interests alone never impelled the influences which have effected ?such, a ' monstrous and lawless deed. Be hind the sugar industry, using them as a blind, the full strength of the allied finan cial institutions is visible. * Probably few of the tools know this ; as likely, few of those who do know it realize the end and aim. Yet to anyone who will study the straws that show how the wind blows, the object of the financial institutions beoomes as plain as daylight. Their purpose is to seoure cheap ooloured labour for the whole of tropical and semi-tcopioal Australia. . What are the reason* for thinking that a gigantic plot is on foql toalienue half the Australian continent! Well, in the first _p]aoe the guaarindtjtey is not i important enough, to iuduoeth4;^|nanoiaV4nBtitutumr to fore* Sack I«booc^upQDitbe«oun-a]r in U|e way they have dine. YThebapiW i« listed ^^« a-mpja)««|ively «Wfcll ^ W.in fe&ests; affected jbf itaie out of -proportion of all — constitntional governance — and public morali^r. There must be bigger plunder in front than 'iha profita to he made on a few thousand kanakas to cause cautious finanoiers,to.veatui)B on a qpurte so risky in its nature andw'^idryousMUts treachery as that 'those may take who have the power and they may keep who can.' But to bring about a final happening which would put the whole of Norni Aus tralia completely in their hands would seem to heaven- born financiers worth risking everything for. It is the financiers we have to deal with primarily, remember, ? for Griffith and the others are only their tools. ? ? ? But what other reasons have we 1 Why, turn to Griffith's own election address (1888) and see the charge he makes there -of the-determination-of British syndinatora to regard tropical Australia as coloured labour country ! Remember the persistent affection for the Chinese displayed by the nsquattocraey —during -the — recent — buBh struggle 2 Look at the introduction of coolies and Chinese into West Australia ! W»teh'*h«* mov'mpnt to settle jbeyorthern territory of South Australia with Booth's -Hindoos ! All through the northern oolonies an organised effort is clearly visible * to pour in ' cheap and reliable ' labour, this effort being directed evidently by the associations of the bigger capitalists, which under the name of jbanks, syndi cates, bind companies, shipping federations and an- forth, millnJiiito thair own nail the greater part of the output of the world's wealth. What they aim at is to get labour at 6d. a day instead of 6s. and to work the vast domains which they own or expect to own by millions upon millions of docile and nerveless slaves. The Black Labour attack upon Queensland is only one move upon the capitalistic chess board. White Labour iu not-only— to- be tamed ^ it is to be swept out of the country. And where the colour line will be drawn across Australia will depend trom year to year upon the growing power ofTfoe financial institutions and upon the short-sighted greed of the petty employing class which 'oversees' :or its master, the bank, and upon the treachery of trusted politicians and upon the suioidal weakness of the white workers themselves. ? ? - * In this connection Griffith knows a 'thing or two which he does not tell us. Does anybody know why ha visited the southern colonies three months ago? JTo see how federation was going! Yes and mote — to see how the Black Labour 'feeling Blood. And in Sydney, iu-MeT bourne, he found — this is not mere idle conjecture— that Black Labour would be winked at by the capitalistic topis who control the country ; wbtte^rirfkrath^AuB tralia be found JUord Kintore an active champion of that Imperialism which sees in coloured men better subjects and more valuable slaves than in white men, and Pre mier Playford, a leading spirit in the plot to overrun the whole of North Australia with cheap and reliable labour in the inte rest of the syndicates. '. ? * ' ? Lord Kintore, advocate of coolie labour in the Northern Territory, and S.A. Pre mier Playford, who has just returned from arranging with India a migration of that labour, are the men who gave the final kick ? to Griffith'* falling. They persuaded him. that it was madness to attempt to maintain a tropical or semi-tropical country for white men whose gratitude, &c.; And he came back the partisan of a plot of which the ten years' extension of kanaka labour A*. 4iVia cmtriLfi fcrojla' in nniv n. urnnirlA * * - * H. M. Stanley, the Africm buccaneer who uses the Bible as a rest for his 'rifle while he shoots down unoffending blacks in their own country, is in toe inner counsels of the capitalistic Bpiders whose webs are covering the whole world and nowhere more' than Queensland. fie publicly declared when here only a few months ago that North Australia must be oofeured. And he only spoke for hfe employers. North Australia is to be coloured if the profit-mongers, in -yhwn-patrintimn is dead and to whom the glory and purity and happiness of the white r&ce; means nothing, can fix it. And that tUtiy ijnu fiji thiuga .woll and aan bond like wax our rotten Parliaments and lying law-makers and treacherous commercial classes and commercial press and hypo ' ? !j.: ? 1 AU.iMAliAfl thai** frwnirktr 'nt toiis ^SVlVlVWl. UUU1UUOO, v**v*» .WAV.MQ w*. wuio Black Labour Bill down the throat of an antagonistic colony proves only top well. The churches, by the way, have shown jis all once more how worthless their pre ceptelire finftliow utterly subservient they are to the power of Mammon. The pas sionate protests of the Patons, the Chris tensens, the Pollocks, the Moores and the Larsens ; and the lukewarm dissent of the Whales; only throw into stronger light the hypocrisy and sycophancy of those who profess to be able to teach us to worship God aright. The clergy of the Esfcabliphed Church of Scotland were paid, .once— whether they are now or not I do not know ? a salary varying with the rise and fall of wheat. When theJHiti-porn law agitation was on in the United Kingdom, the influ ence of the Scottish parsons was cast solidly against cheap bread because, forsooth, dieap wheat meant lower pay for themselves. ^And — so — the— parsons _of_ Queensland fearing to offend Dives, or else so lacking in conception of morality as to see no wrong in races ruined and public con fidence betrayed, have made their choice. In this they are neither better nor worse than those they stand with ; only teachers of ethics of oonduot who are blind to wrongs and deaf to Humanity have no earthly reason to advance for the existence of their craft. This Bame craft crucified Christ in Jewry eighteen centuries and more ago, and perhaps it is a gdbd thing for the Labour mo veinent .that it has to learn without priests what is right and how to do ifc. AWwhole batch of letters are beginning to come in re ' The Workingman's Para dise.' Naturally, a man can't nave a very overwhelming dislike to being told of his book-baby that ' it makes me feel better,' that ' I did not leave off till I had finished it,' that ' it will open the eyes of those who do nob believe in Socialism.' and so forth ad libitum. Only it mustn't be ex peefced that all these friendly letters will be answered. Agitators never do any worlfe 'of course. They hav*HX-eans o leisnra. we all know. .Jroverttielesi I So I want all Voo have w«OTWi tomeT-r add to their kfadtoeW%lljWng this as a reply. If the book maM Ihem under denrtand a Ifetla more bow -wretched we are «^ how hf^py we^nj^ b#, it has got home no^oatter whatjWe rfviewers «a-5 ^And if 0Bxeis any ieJSBh^itternees -in~ -it any'^fcatred or*'iovli^'f^^lr^1^^Ti, any fana^ of jjersonafoomitie^^o^hat extent it k a bad1 'book and thiSBffjparto^hQuld^w ignored. Life is too short for us to waste it in biokaring. The aocialiatifi. movement is too vast for us to belittle it by out: miserable egotisms. * * * By the way, one friend writes wishing there were more women like Nellie. Well, the world is full of Nellies if we only inow enough to give the Nellies a chance ; and in this I speak of what I know. In the devotedness of her friendship, in the depth of her love, in the strength and fidel ity of her attachment to an ideal once con ceived in flgr-heart,-the-avorago womaa shames the average man. And that we often see her only as a doll and a puppet shows that we have failed to put oursAves -in- her place, utterly failed to feelthevibra- tionB of her mother-soul. * * * What women can be, we all know;— TtT what infamy 'they can sink, 'to what misery they can bring men, with what utter heart lessuass and sightlessness they can wreck men's lives, with what stubborn weakness they can hang like millstones round men's necks! But who are we men that we should judge them for this ? How will the ledger look if they begin itemizing our offences against them and striking a balance of sex-wrongs ? For one adulter ous woman there are a dozen adulterous men, for one man's life wrecked by women tham am a. tionif, nf woman'* lives wrankari by men, for one husband whose nobleness a vampire wife feeds on there are a hundred women crushed and dumbed by the callous selfishness of the addle-pated lord of creation. . * * * When a woman is bad she is bad — and don't you forget it. But she has to be pretty bad before she grows uttiily in sensible to all~human influences, to all emotional sympathies, unless she is born a mere ghost- woman an wme are, unfortu natelyT And I am absolutely positive that it is utterly hopeless even to think of social reform unless we realise what woman is capable of and put the woman-question in the forefront of the social battle. * * * I recollect the Shops and Factories Com mission last year. Among its members were Mesdames Isles and Edwards, both practical traders, both thoroughly ex perienced in business, both nominated by the employers, both imbued with ann Labour ideas, and both representing lead ing Brisbane retailers. The men nomi nated by the employers refused to be' convinced by auy evidence, exerted their influence against reform . and signed the minority report disapproving of state interference. These two women both came right over to the Labour side of the com mission when the evidence showed their womanly hearts how things really were, and both signed the report -advising a stringent Shops and Factories^ek- Where Humanity is in question and when she oan be reached a woman is ten times as convertible as a man. And' when she is converted she is generally ready to sacrifice anything and to stand by her convictions to the bitter end. * * * There is another point in 'The Working man's Paradise' to which I think I may 'fairly draw the attention of those who think it an honest book. It is this : reform must begin with ourselves. * * * That my whole sympathies are with Labour as against Capitalism I need hardly say. To me the labourer is robbed and the capitalist is a robber ; it would be a lie and a subterfuge for. me to pretend that I do nob look upon the whole Wealth of die world tbs jightfully the- sole -property of those who by toil of hand and brain helped to produoB~it, and as being wrongfully held by those to whom unjust social conditions have given the keys of industry. I look upon it as a sin against God that one mac should keep more than he wants while around him men faint with hunger. I look ~ upon Society as we have it. as organized soJeiyJn the interest of those whose con* 'duct ia a win againsirGodTind^. crime upon Humanity. And if any of the pillars of Society call this evil and wicked and law easLand anarchistic, ttiat doesn't matter. -It its the truth as written in the heart of every man who thinks a little and who Soes not aiiow nis personal interests or ms nam tual prejudices to bide the truth from him. But with -jail this, I do not think wage earners' as a section any better than wage payers; in fact, ninety-nine wage-earners out of a hundred would become very ordi nary wage-payers if they had a chance. We needn't cant about the Labour move ment. This also is the truth, and every honest unionist who reads this knows itf. * * * What then can we hope. for so long as the robbed is ready to rob others if he has a chance, so long as the sinned against is ready to become the sinner ? What can the end be of all this suffering and' struggling and misery and heart-rending if we all fight simply for our own hand always, if we are only unionists when it pays us to be unionists and, equally readily, federated capitalists when it pays us to be -so^ -Shall we-rave about -being -sweated and be ready to turn round and sweat others if we can ? ? Should wejhake Jtoe whole world with' our protest against a sin' and a crime while only opportunity is needed to make we who protest sin the same sin and do the same wrong? Yet this is what most of us are doing. There are very few men whom I would like to see made Jimmy Tyson's heir. * * * To my way of thinking, the willingness to sin is as bad as the sin, the readiness to commit a crime is as damning as to have committed it. ' He that hath 'ooked upon a woman to lust after her hath already oommitted adultery with her in his heart, ' taught the great Jewish Teacher. And the in*n who would rob if he only had the chance, the man who would sweat had he the ~chaTicBrthe-matr^yno- jwould draw 20 -per~ cent with a great deal of pleasure and would look upon anybody as a fool who suggested to him, were he made Tyson's heir, that his wealth should be devoted to the well-beiug of the workers whose unpaid labour made it, is as much a thief and a rob btH' aa any idk prufil-muuger who fattens on the sweat of the poor. It is ourselves thai we must begin with. It u no urn our amnwng vnnmm with wild denunciations of wow wfcp axe on the make while ye ourselidt would Jik»4& b» 'ou7~the~£*Ee7 U is no use our flaTipg against^ Jtsayuh. parliaments while W ouraelm -i$rugj§i| against each other for thr -3t»iBti-$|able Jtonouv_ and tt» fil^ylucrif«iarlnngi«1Wt..A.-whlp7plf^ mitting pM^nat 46ifillhiiesa to out-we^gh the oomnMngood.-ft ii no ''«sa for-os^o talk ot nanonal oo-operation and national land-owning and national care for each other, while we are m-t ready individually and for ourselves to treat each other as Mates and work out. Q-ir own salvation. This ta what, in* olumsy, brutal, hateful way, our enemies are always throwing at us. Of oourse, they are Juet as bad them selves; but it is for those who claim a higher morality to lead the way in being bettor. I am not lessening one jot the noble sacrifices made daily for unionism or be littling the self -devotion that alone main tains it in the face of apparently over whelming opposition. Only X say that this self- devotion must be carried to its logical conclusion and carried consciously, even carried practically, before we oan say -very much to those -4xrho -oppose -social reform. For when it is shown that Labour men are not on the make for themselves individually, that they- are not eimjjy grumbling T^instHjeing- HPobbed pending a chanoe to rob somebody else, that they do not rant about an industrial coopera tion for everybody into which they have not faith enough to enter voluntarily for themselves, then among our bitterest enemies we shall find our warmest friends, we shall split the ranks of Capitalism clean down the middle. For its ranks are full of men as we are, as our ranks are full of men who would be what the others are if they oould. * * * We nvut begin with ourselves. We must take Socialism as our Religion, and whether we are employed or employer, robbed or robber, must do our utmost to end this industrial system which is based on robbery and oemented witth crime and sodden with the blood and tears of untold millions of tortured lives. We must re fuse, in whatever lines of life our lot ib cast, to profit by the sweat of others, to advan tage oursehes at the cost of others: and we must not desire to do it, for desiring it -serHsa sin. — And if there tap-gny^fao want more, there are some of us who are getting ready to so live that we will neither have to take wages' nor pay them, nor ask another for work nor profit by another's working, nor fear destitution for those we love nor have to live wifeless and homeless all our lives ; and we are going to fling all that we have into a common purse, with our brains and our muscles and our futures, and are going to_have a try to live for our seives cue me taat WBisayT,ue wnoie worm should live. Those «.n laugh and mock who like; and those can stand off and look iHrwhrrltke ; and those v/ho are ready to join hands and be mates can send along their names. * * * The remarks made by Ryany4n^fche Assembly re the hooting of Griffith at [iongreach were mutilated as usual. Ryan regretted the hooting— as he had a perfect right to do if he chose— and then proceeded iojound on the Government for ?ending released criminals and disorderly characters generally by free passes to the West. The following letter from Aramac seemB to be induced by the press mutilation of the above : Will you allow me to express the opinion that very few of Mr. Ryan's constituents are at one with him in hie sympathy for ' Soapy Sam' re bis reoeption at Longreach. How any right mtndefl man can feel anything but hatred, coq -temtot ana1 loathing for the infamous mounte bank woo plays, euch fantastic political tricks before the world the present writer fails to con ceive. The men who hooted Griffith may or May not belong to the ' ruffian' class. I do not know. This I do know— whoever or whatever those men axe. they but voiced the opinion of every man in Australia to-day worthy of the name of ' white man.' If Ryan never does any worse than differ from some of his friends upon mere ques tions of conduct be won't hurt, it seoms to me. JOHN MILLER. 