the censure debate. The long-sustained attack made by Mr. Reid lust night upon the financial policy of the Government was like vigorously bombarding an abandoned fortress. It was powerful, and at times brilliant, but all the same unnecessary, and for that reason more or less inciiectivc. On tlicir financial policy the Government bad already given up tho ghost, and could receive no condemnation severer than that which they had heaped upon themselves. By their own confession, notwithstanding tho £900,000 of extra taxation wrung from the sweat of the masses last year, through tho taxes on food, clothing, medicines, and other necessaries, they have built up a deficit which now aggregates close on a million and a quarter sterling. In their estimates of income aud expenditure for the year they blun dered to the extent of nearly three- quarters of a million, so that, instead of being able to carry out minor public works with surplus revenue, which was the excuse put forward for the im position of the present tariff, they have been unable to meet even the ordinary expenses of administration. Mr. See has candidly acknowledged a result which tho opponents of that tariff nil along predicted as certain to follow from its operation, namely, that while providing one source ef revenue it would dry up other sources. He admits that this has actually happened by stating that while the new taxes have yielded more than lie expected the old ones have yielded considerably less, aud thereby landed tho Government in the muddle where they find them selves. Ho further acknowledges that they have no scheme for gettiug out. The policy of protection is thrown over as useless, and even tho bill promised in the opening speech of tho session to remedy tariff anomalies is dropped in despair, and the whole fiscal and financial problem simply given up. N othing is proposed for either remedying tho mistakes of the past or providing agaiusr, similar consequences in tne future, all of which amounts to a confession of failure and incapacity which puts the case against them more strongly than it was in the power of the most fervid eloquence to do. Where force and fearlessness on Mr. Eeid's part were called for was not in elaborating tlie self-condemnation of tho Government, but in putting against their policy of inaction a counter one of action. It devolved upon liun to show how he would tako hold of the difficulties from which they shrink back. The position as affecting tho two sides of tlie House may bo very briefly stated- The Government having failed, and con fessed their failure, oiler not even' a pro mise of amendment, but simply threaten the House that if it dares to punish them ior it they will retaliate by a disso lution. They do not propose to dissolve on any question of policy, but merely for the purpose of in timidating members into condoning their past failure and excusing them from the necessity of having a policy. They also hold as liostage3 the Electoral Bill and other measures of a non-party character, which both sides are anxioxa to sec passed, and if blamed for muddling the finances, or called upon to formulate any scheme for getting the country out of its difficulty, all these tliey threaten to immediately destroy. This is simply the warfare of political barbarism, in which the spoils of office, which wcro grabbed by accident, are sought to be held by force, or what amounts to tho same tiling, by tlircatening force, against what is assumed to be an ignorant and weakkneed Parliament. That is what tho present policy of the Government amounts to, and where Mr. Reid's chance presented itself was in presenting an alter native one. In doing this it can scarcely bo said that lie was as explicit as could be wished. lie left too mucii to inference, and dealt too much iu generalities. He nledffes himself to introduce a svstem nf finance under whicli tho owners of wealth will be made to contribute more equitably to the cost of government, and a complete reorganisation of tho Civil Service depart ments ou lines of retrenchment and economy, together witli full publicity iu the management of tho national accounts. All these are necessary reforms, and reforms which no process of either bluffing or scheming can much longer delay. As abstract ideas they are beyond question, but something more than abstractions are required for tlie working programmo of a practical politician. The point is, how is Mr. Reid's policy to be carried out 1 If the time devoted to defending his own actions as a Minister seven years ago, or criticising the pre historic doings of his opponents, had been given to a more complete exposition of this, his speech would have been all the better for it. Tho Premier was only too glad of an excuso to follow Mr. Reid into these barreu grounds of debate, and so avoid facing tlie actual question now at issue. The country is sick of all these useless recriminations, and the first poli tical leader who drops them for ever will be ttie first to make real headway. Direct taxation and retrenchment are the main principles of Mr. Reid's financial policy. So much the House was allowed to gather, and with that much it has sdmdy, unanimous approval. Direct taxation, however, may take many different forms ; so may retrenchment. Of course, it would be unreasonable to expect an Opposition lender to submit bis policy to the House with the de tail characterising a Ministerial speech. Such a thing lias never been done, for the very good reason that it is impossible. In putting forward an alternative financial policy against one imdcrcballengc lie might, however, lay down the leading lines with a, little more distinctness than Mr. Reid thought well to employ last night. He might materially assist his present case by so doing without unduly embarrassing his future action. Except for this defect his speech was worthy of the occasion, and worthy of the man. Tiie substance of the Premier's reply was a deprecation of any censure motion at a time when "all should be peace and cliarity." AVas it for the purpose of using this original argument that the financial muddle was kept covered up so long, aud the country in the meantime assured that everything was going on right ? 