A HOMELESS NATION. i (Felix L. Oswald.! It has been doubted if n Shanghai coolie can posfllbly get 44 homesick." Gipries ' and Hebrews have been called nations I without a couult-y. and many nomad tribes remove their teut tabernacle every few j weeks, but the only homeless race, j iu tbe literal seuse. is found in tbe coast 1 forests of Eastern Ceylon. They are tbej Yoddths, or 44 wood tramps," supposed to j be the original inhabitants of the island, and j seem certainly more differed from the house , building nations th&n; our Yuma IndiauM are | from the citizens of a New England manu facturing toirn. Tra rollers who leave the seaport of Colombo in a north-westerly direotiou havo to cross a jungle forest dotted with numerous lacoous. where thev arc aDt to come upon a camp of the strange creatures that prefer tbe wilderness to the oultivatcd uplands a few dozen miles further cast. Walking leisurely along the sandy roads, the traveller may get a ohani-e to watch the occupation of tho half- naked savages before they have noticed bis approach. At the foot of a shade tree the patriarch of the family may be seen crouched in the midst of tangled bundles of grape-vines — wild swamp grapes, that ovorhaog the lagoons all around and break easy enough to be gathered by anufnls without the help of a kuife. His wife is tortinpr palm nuts. Four or five different species of nut- bearing p<tiuis are found in the primeval forests of Ceylon, but, like our hickory nuts, they are infected with worms and their wind falls need pinking. A couple of half-grown lads are searching the underbrush for I jerries, and as they go along may evennow and then he seen making a grab at some fluttering insect — a grasshopper, perhaps, or a tree locust, both included among the delicacies of the Yccdah bill of fare. Two smsller children are playing at hido-aud srek behind a bu«h. They hive just finished their play with a friendly scuffle, wheu a warning orv from the foot, of tho thado tree makes them loosen their hold and crouoh down flat in the rank grass. Their mother ha uaugbt sight of the stranger. Starling to lier foot she hurriedly picks up a little bagful of crooked nuts, thou enatchos up the largest of the two youngsters, one of her sons takes hold of the other, and in the next moment the whole family has vanished in tne tangle of the swamp forest. Af Uie traveller inspects the deserted c imp ho may possibly reproach himself with the uutirocliueps of his visit, but tbe Veddahs have already got the better of their fright. They arc probably gathering palm- nuts a-rain, and care little if they are going to pass 1 he night under a wattle bridge of the waggon road or in a hollow tree in the heart of the jungle. In dry weather they would ju?t a soon sleep at the edge of a aaoou where they have passed the criming in banting a mesn of crayfieh ; but even a thuodur-iiora will not interfere with the soundness of their slumber if they can eujoy the shelter of & well-tangled liana ihickr-t. Sir Emerson Teuuont, who studied their habits duriug a ten years' reridence iu Ceylon, convinced himself that, without compulsion, a family of Vefidahs would uot work half an hour a year to pholtcr them selves fromt he inclemencies of the weather. , If one -their ki»e»>«y «h,ouH meet with a ; Ill 8 frieUQS IB«j -.mi t arouud his lair lor a couple of week-, to Siva him the trouble of crawjing out in quest of food: but the moment tbey got Lim on his legs agaiu, they re-mine their wunder-lifa, and rarely bivouac mire than two niirht at the B.mo" place. In the rainy season, when berries are scarce, thev often live for weeks on roots aud crayliflh, or visit the seashore iu search of crane. A species of large tree lizard, flitnilur to the Mexican iguana, they prize as a titbit and kill it by inesus of stone or clubs. Bows, arrows, knives, and traps they con sider as superfluous as shoes and hat, and generally manage to dispense even with the use of fire. Sun- drying lizard or fish i their neatest approach to the art of cookery. 44 1 do not believe they are any more particular about such thiugs than a wan- deroo a br;ir-h monkey or a wild pig would be," said a Cingalese peasant when Tunneur &6kcd him how tho Yeddahs could eodure the insect plagues of the jungle. 44 They would nut use our kind oi clothing if tbey eould get it for nothing," he aided, 44 and lomo of them would die if you should try io make them stay in a houte." j An English missionary found, jindecd, that even the cripples of the Yeddlh pre fer the freedom of the wilderness ito the comforts of civilisation. Having hfcrd of an old woodman who had broki) bis right leg, iuat above the ankle, he dot his native servents to hunt him up and! brio? him abng by the promise of a good <tnner. By mean of an interpreter he then offered him the use of a vacint cottage and tw» free moalsa day if he would renounce his Avage mode of life. As a sample of thea hos pitality. the missionary people fitted ban up a comfortable bed and induced him tJpar- take of a good supper, but tbe next moftiiu? they found that the old fellow hadde-atped under cover of darkness. A canvas bent which they sent h:ra soon after was pick® up in a waycide ditch the next week, Itthud been punched full of f-mall boles, a&dlmd; probably beon thrown away as too uuwtldy for a fibbing net. | i inquiries iuto tne religious s'&tus; oiltne Veddahs have led to a rather unexpqteri result, and eeem to prove that preolcftl morality can long precede the dawn ol tco- logical bpLculatiouo. \ 44 Ho you know where you will go) after tou are dead!'" tbe traveller Sel/.er usljed in old Veddab squaw who had encouraged d i- cu9fiou of that sort by certain curiou- i- qoiriea of her own. ; | Her answer surprised bim. 44 Some l/eAs ago," said ehe. ' we buried a mau Vhd>e son bad been kidrjappod by tho XclleBQ hill ! folke, and who wan almost crazy about baring to die before ho had a chance I help hiB boy. For a week or so I almot tbught ! he would come bjck from tho grave, qt he > never cume. It must he because be ccdn't. 1 No one can. The logs are too bivy," referring to the custom of burring thai dead under thu>tump of a falliuiT tree. ' 44 Do you know who made this w«Jd r" asked Professor Seize r, finding tbe old idy'e ' voc-abulary of (Angeiee terms rathcbom j prehousivc. | 44 Do your" was her innocent Coiter query. ltic monsoon rains make ttK-rass g-row, but we do not know who ma- tbe stones or the mountains.'' 4 Have you never thought aboutmch questions f My mint used to aek, Yho drives the moon ?' But what cou one answer y It's no use asking such aee- tione." Those absolute agnostics can, hoivor, be traetcd to respect the boundsri of cultivated fieids with or without a iorn hedge, and are not apt to break a praise, even to a stranger. Commenting ' o rtbc 1 civil marriage laws of the Italian Gmu- i ment, the Ofm-valore Jiomn/.a a mobt ago j remarked that 4 4 such outrageous ionovtlcns would thock tho raont uncultivated eofle on earth, since tbe marriage furm'f tie, veriest savage is always acoompanie. with) some degree of religious ceremonial.' In the case of the Veddab, tbfc rule would be confirmed by an exception; Like the Mendocino Indians, they content thsm-j selves with remoriog the bride's haramxk Tram her father's camp to that of her success fal suitor, but a custom uht-t'rved all along tbe oast coast seem to discourage consau- guioeouaymarnAgen. 44 \yyidf> you not marry girb from vour ownlSipips?" Professor Sel/.vr robed a Vcd- dah ybn£h who had imported his inamorata from tiie other aide of a broml ro:ir river. 44 It<fi never done," was the evasive reply. 44 "Wliiv not T' Tho .Yeddah reflected. 44 It wouln't do, nohow" said he at last. 44 Young folks of the same gang have been kicked about together too much you know," meaning that between near relative familiarity breeds a sort of contempt incompatible with the development of the render pas sion. The 44 dread ol a roold" mn hardly prevent the nuptial of neighbours, as the 1 dictionary of the bnsh Vodiiahs i< pp.id to j contain less than 100 words. Thoir would- j be educators have to bezin thrir attempt at reform with linguitie instruction, flinee j conversations in tho veruHi- ular uro <on- j stantly hampered by tbe luck of terms for abstract conceptions. Thus the Yeddahs 1 have one word for rip ltiw and another for sour, but no equivalent for the adjective? sweet, ripe, blue, or green. A repeated extension of their uplifted arms is their ucareBt approach to a synonym of sreat or grand. Aneer they express by striking their knees, nndwhameon the flense of absurdity by hiding their eyes. They hardly over laugh. The idea of tho < omic, ns upirt from | the mirally prapo-ttoioufl, is apparently be- | yond their mrn'sl horizon. | After suniet they oociaiocally rvinoe a TftgUB uncRflii ess that hog been supposed to | indioate a trace of 14 anim am." as modern j philosophers call tho primitive belief in J ghosts, but <hat dread of dnrfciiet-s would hardly furnish a basis for spiritualistic enter prise, and ifs germ may more likely be ; iouqiI in midnight panics impressed for counties? generations on toe of our Darwinian ancestors. The prowliug giant cat of the tropics are tbe probable proto types of lemur, lamias, nivht-hngfl, and ghoul, if not of 4 Old Scratch " himself. In the youupstprfl of the Yeddahs a penchant for vagritncy would seem to set developed as early as the instinct of pre varication ia a Dupmt .-treet Mongolian. The wife of the same missionary who failed : to reclaim the crippled fisherman once tried her luck with a gang of YoJdah children, who passed her bungalow ou rhr-ir way to u grape-jungle once or twics a wek. By dint of little presents nbe induced them to linger on her -lurch now and tb-n. an-, .ought she had ensraeed their interest in a description of the New Jerusalem and it inducements to permanent eltlora. enumerated with tbe eloquence of a Kern valley land a/cut — but all her attempts to organise u regular Bible class were defeated by tbe truancy of her ' youmr friends. i 14 Where have you been tlie?o last two ' week?" she once skod the bluest boy of the gang. 44 Don't you remember what I told you about the Golden City aud tbe Castle of /ion 44 Why. yes," stammered the youngst r; 41 it was heap pretty," raising both hand ht arm?" length, 44 but we thought we — Iked outdoor play better." Hrr little visitors, in fact, had renounced the very hope of a permanent ?ju:ue tuo com pletely for missionary purposes. 