(Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE BURIED TREASURE OF BIRCHEN BOWER: OR, THE HEADLESS SEEKER. A DISMAL autumn evening. The mist hangs heavy on the silent landscape, and wreaths in ghostly folds above the stream. Along the highway rides carefully a man of sober garb and mien, who, passing the ancient Bower House, continues his way to a smaller residence by the river side of Birchen, Lancashire. "So she has left it," he mutters as he glances back at the ancient residence, now but faintly outlined in the mist. "A goodly property ; and she fears the grave. Ha! who will inherit it, I wonder? And her money ? If rumour speaks truly, she has buried it." The old gabled mansion, even then fall- ing to decay, was slowly swallowed up in the swirling mist, now agitated by an al- most inperceptible breeze, which hardly stirred the dying leaves on the trees, or deflected from their course those that fell fluttering to the ground. The doctor—for such was the traveller rode on to the small house by the stream, past the antiquated barn and the glisten- ing horse-pond where the farm cattle of the old Bower House were daily watered. So oh, amid the mist, with clattering hoofs upon the stoney road, to his destination rode the doctor. He halted at the isolated house and knocked, after throwing his horse's bridle over a staple by the door. An elderly woman came and cautiously opened the door—slowly and silently. " 'Tis I, woman, fear not," said the visitor, somewhat impatiently. "Open to me quickly." "The doctor—Mister White? You can enter sir. No one more welcome to my mistress, I dare say." Her manner did not indicate any great cordiality, however, as she permitted the doctor to enter the lonely house. Closing the door carefully, she preceded him up- stairs, and having abruptly ushered him into her mistress's apartment, she with- drew to place the doctor's steed in the adjacent shed at the rear of the building. "Wonder what he's up to now," mut- tered she. "Mistress Beswick will keep tight hold of her money-bags ! Even White will, hardly find them! It's cruel cold out here to-night." Throwing a couple of sacks over the horse's back, the woman tramped back in- to the house again, muttering as she went: "What Satan's business are they work- ing," she thought. "I ' am deaf—ha ha ! But none is so deaf as can't hear some- thing. I'll up and listen." She was by no means deaf, this Bridget ; but it suited her purpose to appear so. She, like all her sex, possessed a good share of curiosity, and, therefore, made no excuse to herself for going, upstairs and listening to the conference proceeding in the room above. The doctor and his patient, were deep in confabulation. The old lady, Miss Beswick, had, in former days, in the stirring times of the "Forty Five," resided in her house—the old Bower House aforementioned. But nervous fears of the Pretender and his adherents, the dread of plunder, the lonely situation, and the natural nervous feelings inseparable from her superstitious tempera- ment, induced the lady to quit her house, and to reside in a smaller one, where she was not so liable to be robbed, as she thought. The assailants might work their wicked will upon the old house—they would not find her treasured hoards or hoarded treasure! Not they. It was all too securely hidden. But age increased ; and as the time approached when the aging spinster knew that in all probability she must leave this sphere, and pass into the unknown, she became more and more imbued with the fear of dissolution. "Earth to earth—dust to dust" was a sentence she had a horror of. Was her body, still well-shaped and not uncomely for her years, to be resolved into dust in the grave? She could not bear the idea of being buried, and of crumbling then to decay. By degrees her mind became so imbued with this spirit of resistance to the final sentence on humanity, that she made up her mind to avoid it. Her body should never be buried, her spirit should not forsake the place where all her wealth and all her hopes in life were centred. Her body must remain in possession, even if the estate must pass to strangers or relatives. Impressed with these views, the old lady interviewed the physician, who, not blind to his own interests, humored her. Old Bridget crept upstairs, and stooping, listened at the door. Her mistress was speaking : "I must not be put underground ; you hear ?" "I hear, madam," was the reply. "But there is no danger yet." "No, perhaps not. But I feel more easy in my mind, now that I have your promise." "And I yours," replied the doctor, with a bow. "Decidedly," she replied. "On the condition named you shall be the possessor. None of my relatives will do my behests. My body shall remain in peace. I could not die happy if I fancied that my frame and flesh would be confided to the grave, to decay and corruption." "Rest assured, madam, you will not be condemned to such indignity," replied the doctor. "I myself will take the needful steps, if you so express your wishes in your testament." "I will do so, sir, and I rely upon your honour to carry out my wishes." "Madam," said the physician, "your confidence is not misplaced. You may depend upon me. And the money?" "Ah, you must rest satisfied. It is safe yonder," she replied with a cunning smile. "No one will discover it. My spirit shall guard it day and night ; of that I am assured. The spirit and the treasure will be found together." "Where the treasure is," muttered the doctor. "Well, madam, I must away. I will have your wishes faithfully observed." "And I shall never be put underground ?" "Not while I live," he replied. "If you break your word you will lose all," she cried, menacing him with her forefinger. "Beware!" Bridget heard no more. She quitted her post of observation as the doctor approached the chamber door, In a few moments he appeared in the entrance hall. "My "horse," he said, "and quickly." "It's in the shed," she replied. "I will light you. This way." He followed her, and after awhile mounted the animal. As he rode away Bridget watched him, and then, muttering something about "This shall to Joe," she turned back into the kitchen, pondering upon what she had heard. After a few days a lawyer arrived from Manchester, and certain business was trans- acted by Miss Beswick. Then Bridget knew the will was signed. She witnessed it. When the lawyer had departed, Bridget remained in the room. She did not trouble to see him off the premises, as she had the doctor. Miss Beswick wondered what she wanted. "So you've made your will ? " said Bridget. "I have ; you saw that," replied her mistress, sharply. "And your poor relations will get none of it?" "How do you know ? My money is my own, to leave as I please." "I know! Aye, I know—you've buried your money, if you won't be buried your- self. But you'll never rest until the house is down, and your money is released. Then you'll be buried, and your spirit may be quiet." "You dare speak to me like this, you hag ! Out with you ! Begone ! Leave me! My money is safe in the bower—my body will never be buried! Go!" she screamed. "Go ! Never let me see your face again !" " 'Deed and you won't then," replied the woman. "I'll to my nephew Joe. Pleasant dreams to ye, you old miser! You and your doctor's a nice pair. Go! Yes, I'm going ; but you'll never rest in your grave until your own people get their own." Bridget departed that same day. Old Miss Beswick slept and woke, and cried aloud for help, but none arrived. The woman had taken her at her word and left her. Bridget went to her nephew's home. He was a factory hand, a weaver, and times were bad. Worse were looming in the future. The aunt confided her suspicions to the young man, and he counselled her return. But Bridget was obstinate. She would go next day. Let the woman alone to ponder on her money-bags and schemes. "The money's in the house below," she said to Joe, "of Tanner's." "If you can find it, you'll be rich all your days." "Aye, but how's one to find it? I can't take the old house." ... Next morning, Bridget, somewhat striken in her conscience, and alarmed by a dream, set off for the small house by the mill- stream. She entered. All was silent strangely silent. Her footsteps seemed to echo in the passage. A rush of air met her. A casement was open. Someone had entered in her absence. Who ? Bridget's pulses beat faster as she per- ceived that some disturbance had taken place. Someone had entered and had robbed the house. And Miss Beswick was she alarmed, or had the men not dis- turbed her? Silence everywhere. Not even the scamper of a rat was to be heard in the stillness of the old house. Bridget crept slowly up-stairs to her mistress's chamber door. She paused, listened, entered ; the room was in disorder. She advanced boldly, pulled aside the curtains, and looked into the bed. Miss Beswick lay dead! There were no signs of violence. The old lady had died from fright! Bridget closed the curtains and the shutters, and went downstairs to think it over. What was she to do ? Was she to blame ? That someone had entered and had tried to rob the old woman was evident. Could she (Bridget) have pre- vented this ? No. She came to the conclusion that she could not have done so. She could do nothing more then but hurry into Manchester for the doctor. He was surprised at the woman's confession, and blamed her severely for leaving the house. "You needn't care," replied Bridget roughly; "you will get her property, I suppose. A fine bargain you've made." "Peace, woman," shouted the doctor. "It will be well if we do not find that you have had a hand in this business." Bridget was silenced. She perceived that the doctor could make things very unpleasant for her if he chose. She therefore assumed a more quiet demeanor, and he returned to the desolate house in her company. He at once perceived that the old lady had died from natural causes, but did not confide this to Bridget. In the course of time the will was read, and in accordance with his promised instructions the body was embalmed, the head being severed from the trunk during the opera- tion, in the doctor's museum. The body was removed to the doctor's house in the city, and he prospered. The will devised to him her property. Birchen Bower House was permitted to fall into decay, but people who passed that way confessed to seeing strange sights. . . . The doctor heard these stories, but did not credit them. Nevertheless, no one would live in the Bower House, and wit- nesses came to declare that "the old lady in black"—a tall woman—had appeared, sometimes headless, on clear nights by the old well, by the barn, and the horse-pond on the farm. " That's where lies her money," they said, and steps were taken to search all these places, but with no result at that time. Meantime, the house remained unlet. The years passed, and the seventh anni- versary of Miss Beswick's death arrived. People were surprised to see a conveyance, bearing what seemed to be a body of a woman or man, come to the old granary. There the corpse was deposited. In the farm it was left, for the doctor was faithfully carrying out his agreement "Once in every seven years my body must rest in the old house." So it was. But the actors in that pro- cession did not contemplate the conse- quences. The cattle were found straying, horses were at large in the fields, and a cow was in the loft, to which it could not have climbed by any natural means. The ghost had done all this, they declared. There was considerable uneasiness mani- fested in the farm. The old lady was evidently "walking." Labourers return- ing home saw the barn a mass of lurid flame, and hurrying to quench the fire, found no sign of it. The dark, tall, spectral shape continued to pervade the place, and Birchen Bower House was haunted by the old lady seeking her treasure. The doctor—White his name was—then possessed of the broad acres, determined to make use of the ancestral abode, which he could not let. Perhaps some tenants would not object to a house containing treasure. So the old Bower House was cut up and divided into separate sets of rooms or wings. To one of those wings came Joe—who was employed at Tanner's Mills —Bridget's nephew. Bridget had sufficient superstition to invite her nephew to take it, even if haunted. "Who cares ? " he declared. "I never injured she. She won't hurt I." So the wing was occupied. Joe and family were comfortably settled, and nothing alarmed them for awhile. But ere long, as Joe was sitting in his room, a tall, dark shape entered and moved slowly in the direction of the parlour. Frozen with fear, he gazed at it. Was it real, or only a "game" ? It passed out. He followed it. To the parlour it glided, and, stooping over a certain spot, disap- peared. This was rather alarming ; but Joe's wife derided it. She wasn't going to be frightened at shapes, even if they existed, which she didn't believe. But when the figure appeared on the next night and after, on several occasions, the residents were compelled to admit the truth of the manifestation. It did no harm. It made itself heard in the old house, and its approach was audible. "Hush." they would say, " here comes the old lady ! " Sure enough she arrived, passed on into the parlour, and vanished. This continued for awhile, until Joe and his wife, being hardy and accustomed to it, thought of watching the spot, and delving there for amusement—and possible treasure. "If there's aught in it, there it is! said Joe, with much solemnity. "Next time we'll turn it up." Accordingly, when next time the spectre came, the valiant couple tracked it closely. It glided into the parlour, stood a moment (Joe said it had no head), and then suddenly vanished as if it had gone down a trap-door. "That's the spot. Dolly ; there we tries it ! Up with the boards ! " With some difficulty the boards were taken up that evening, and after consider- able searching, a small tin vessel was found. "Pull it up and prise it open !" cried Dolly. Joe willingly complied. Work was slack just then, and the weavers were having a sore time of it. The vessel, when opened, fairly stag- gered the seekers. In it were several small wedges which looked like solid gold, "My ! Joe, this is luck !" exclaimed the faithful wife. "We needn't 'clem' any more." "Ay, needn't we?" was the dubious response. "If it's real, well and good. There's a sight of stuff here. Mind, now, keep your tongue in your head, and we'll find out. To-morrow I'll go to Manchester and make inquiries. Who would have believed it ?" "Ah, who'd a' thought the old lady come for it, Joe ?" "Bridget always said as there was some- thing in it,'' remarked her husband, reflec- tively. "And it's true, true as Gospel. Look, aint them heavy?" The couple passed several hours discus- sing the finding of the treasure, and the dawn found them still busy with specu- lations. A soon as possible Joe started off to Manchester with one of his golden wedges, and ascertained beyond a doubt that it was of precious metal, of unquestionable value. The jeweller to whom he submitted it was naturally desirous to ascertain the source whence this good fortune proceeded, and Joe, fearful that he would get into trouble if he did not confess, made a clean breast of it to Mr. Oliphant. "Thc ancient castle appeared gloomy and picturesque in the pale dawning light." Of course the jeweller was incredulous, and it was not until all the particulars were disclosed, and eye-witnesses had testified to the truth, that the critic was satisfied. Of course the news spread after a while, and much curiosity was evoked ; but Joe kept his money, and the tin vessel in which he found it is said to be still pre- served by his descendants. But this success did not lay the restless spirit of the headless lady. She appeared again and again. Sometimes the old barn is brilliantly illuminated, and searchers for the fire are surprised to find the old place grey and dull when they arrive there. She plays queer tricks still, it is said, though after this lapse of years most of the old house has fallen into decay. The property remained in the hands of the doctor's family. This gentleman rose to some eminence, and after awhile pre- sented an embalmed body to his Natural History Museum. The visitations of the old lady were continued as long as the doctor remained alive ; but after many years the body was no longer transported to Bower House, and the incidents related fell into the limbo of lost narratives. The house became dilapidated, but people still declared that the tall black lady haunted the precincts of the well and the cattle pond. So matters wore on, until, in the year 1868, the authorities of the museum, wishing to have some more space for their collection, set their house in order. The long- forgotten embalmed remains were not now required. The donor had passed away. The body was examined, and found of no particular interest, we may suppose, for orders were issued for its burial. This ceremony was accordingly per- formed on July 22, 1868, and aroused some curiosity. What was this body which was thus quietly interred ? Whose was it? The deceased doctor had placed it in his museum, no doubt, but for what reason ? Inquiry was made, and, of course, the incident reached the local papers. The old stories were revived, and, no doubt, certain incidents and items of information were added. But substantially the narra- tive in its chief points remains as we have related it. The account of the funeral was thus narrated in local print in the year 1868, under date of August 15th— "On July 22 were committed to the earth in the Harpurhey Cemetery, the remains of Miss Beswick, removed from the Peter-street Museum. There is a tradition that this lady had acquired so strong a fear of being buried alive that she left certain property to her medical attendant so long as she would be kept above ground. . . . For many years past the mummy has been lodged in the rooms of the Manchester Natural History Society. ... It seems that the Com- missions. . . . have deemed the speci- men undesirable, and have at last buried it." Some people imagined that the old lady would cease to haunt the place when it was altered, and after her treasure had been discovered ; but they were mistaken. Late accounts only a few years ago state that "she was seen near the old well by the brook side, when a presumed heir to the estates was pressing his claim." Another story is that "a rustic, going to fetch a pail of water, beheld a tall lady standing by the well. She was wearing a black gown, and a white cap with a frilled border of those stiff, old fashioned puffs which were formerly worn. She stood in the dusk, in a defiant attitude. These appearances are regarded as a sign that the family has not yet obtained its own again. As regards Joe, the man who found the treasure, we now learn that it was by accident, not by design, that he found the gold. He intended to erect a loom for his children, says our authority, so that they might learn to weave, and in digging the treadle hole he found a tin vessel filled with gold wedges valued at £3 10s. each. People were still living a few years ago who knew the man, and the person who changed the gold lumps into coin lived in St. Anne's-square, Man- chester. It would be interesting to learn whether anyone has very lately seen the elderly lady whose headless spirit has for so many years haunted the old house at Holling- wood. Whether the interment which took place in 1868 has restored the property to the relatives of the deceased lady only local lawyers can tell. At any rate, the body was embalmed, the gold was found, and there have not been lacking many witnesses to the apparition of Birchen Bower House. This is the story of the haunting as gathered from various sources. Many of the particulars appeared in an Oldham paper several years ago. [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] 