y^— ? ? ,....„??„-...-.-, — ? ? Footlight Flashes. THE ROYAL COMIC OPERA COMPANY. ' Dorothy ' Booming. * HER JIAJESTI'S PACKED NIGHTLY. I&e; Albiunbrn Uuslo null— Latest Thentrl. cal Nenri from HeUiourne, Brisbane, and Adelaide— And Gossip News and Notes from All Farts. On Saturday last, lioforo n. houso filled to overflowing, Mr. .1. C. Williamson sucoe99 fally rorived 'Dorothy,' which roplnood ' Iolantlio.' Tholato Alfred Collier's, doli.nht ful comedy opera, it wiUboremombcrod, wlmn first prodnood in Sydney durinpr May, 1383, caught on in tlio most unuiiiitnkitblo inannar, and wo lmd nnch » doing with sorcrol of tlio moat tuneful airs that one might liavo cipootod they would liavo cono out of favor no hacked about were they. Howover, in Soptorabor, 1SSO, with Misa Nellie Stewilrt in thu immo Bart, ilins Fanny Liddiard as Lydia, and Mr. Elton as Lurcher, nmluimost the sumo cast as on its firxt production, 'Dorothy' again mado n decided hit. Its revival on Saturday at Her Slajoaty'-i was marked liy all tliocuroiinil lavishness of previous productions, and judging by the way it wag received and liiia been since, it has as much vitality in it now as cvur. A considerable amount of interest contred in tlio appearance of Mr. Lauri as Lnruhor, altliouRU everyone who know that ho bad scored a great bit in the character in the States, was fully pro pared for the excellent representation that followed. Ai;iun, tlio reappearance of Jlifis Clara Marivale in Sydney wns st matter of considerable interest. It was BOiierally oipocted Unit Miss May Pollard would appear as Dorothy Bantam, as tsho lisa played the part on many previous occasions in llelbonrno, Adelaide and Brisbane, and it Tvds not ponorally known until Snuduy morn* ing why Mis* Slerivn-lo was so lmrriodly sent for. 3Iis3 Pollard's sudden indisposition whs the causo, and Miss Merivale, who by waybaa not played the part for somu two years, wna wirmifor. Hor arrival from Mclbonrne on Saturday momms only admitted of a Uurnod rehearsal, and to say lhat she acquitted hor polf admirably under these circumstances in not saying a word too much. Messrs. (jordon and Brunton have paintod Eomo appropriate ecenury, aurl the acenio artists deserve a tpeciol word of prai?e. The Hop Field is p. beautiful set, and tlio Round C'oppico in Hermit's O.ilt ia also exceedingly pretty. It was iianliy expected that thn dances arranged by M-H3 Mario Koildnll would moot with any Fpccial tnark of approval from tlio audience, for tho simplo reason Ihut tlioy have been seen here lioforo, and tho dance by the n!d cronies in tlio last act. which in 1888 was £0 warmly applauded, was probably not re demandedbecauso it was not fo well done. Undoubtedly Miss Eoddall's efforts deserve favorable mention. Mr. George Lauri, as be fore mentioned, is tho new Lurcher. Mr. Lanri is, no doubt, pet a series of hard tasks in having to follow Mr. ? Elton in parts mado fumoila horo by the latter. We don't desire to make any comparison, hut when one como dian follows nnothor in a certain character people will discuss tho Btyles and mothoda of tlio two. It may bo hero said that ha almost instantly demonstrated tho fact that bo vraa quite at homo in tbo part. Ho scored his first hit as bo made his exit after the severe drubbiup at the hands of the rustics, his strut boinjjso funny as to necessitate a recall. Again in the scene in Chanticleer Hall his biz was ?imply immense. Unquestionably Mr. Lauri scored an enii'iiatiof uccess.undhia performance In a distinct advance on anythingho has before »]iown us. ilhn Klsio Cameron, as Mrs. Privptt, must participate in Mr. Lnuri'a eucoeis. Wo take Miss Cameron ncxtbecanso Lurcher ami Mrs. 1'rivett are associated right thronsrh the second and third acts. She played np to him splendidly, certainly once ftarain stood cut prominently, and desorTos ovary credit. llisa Clara Merivale's Dorotliy Bantam ia a capital performance. Taking into con sideration under what circumstances Miss MorivMo appeared, thu uequlltud herself even bettor than wo anticipated. If her voice ib not very powcrlul it is rich in tone, and her elyie is marked by good method and roSno jr.imt. Sho waa a little unoqnal at times, unfubly in one of tho quartettes, but na heforo mentioned, any shortcoming most most cortainly ha overlooked, and for tbo general excellence of her work Miss Merivalo must bo complimented. Slio was enthusiastically eu enred ia'J'o Who in Timo,' in which sho wn-i ass-strd by Mis3 Younjr, and aldo in the hiMitii^so;ii- att!;eendoftheaecondnct,wliero,. by tho way, tho hounds were missed from tho picUitu. Miss Florenco Young was well east ? s Lydi.-. Hmvthoino. Sho has many chaixes in til'.1 concerted music, and bor fino voice was board to great advantage. It is one of tho happier, of Miss Young's efforts. Miss Violet Varloyiaade a pretty little Phyllis.and tn.ii: full advantago of her only chance, ' Tho Time i:ai Come,' in tho la»t act. Miss \arloy sang with such owectnoss and timtilictfy that a. recall followed. Mr. Henry JJracy and Mr. Charlns Kyloy as Geoffrey Wilder and Harry Sherwood may bo complimented. Mr. 'JJracy san' tho biuln.l, ' With Such a Dainty Dame Nono Can I'oniparfl' very. wall indcod, and ' Though B--.ru n .Man of High Degree' was also equally t'-U (.i:nff. Ho was in exceptionally good rnifip. Mr. Tlyloy again appears to groat ail vantage, and aided in a great measure to the succesa of tbo evening oa Hurry Sliortrrod. Mr. Kyloy has seldom euu:,- better, and the old familiar ' Queen of My Heart,' tchh admirably given, and to-demanded. Thoro was ono fault to bo found, uoworor, with the impersonation, and that i» tlio somewhat ovordoinjf of his biz. A little restraint might judiciously bo exor cia-l. Mr. ilonnrd Vernon successfully roMitiuid bis old character of tho Squire, »rd I:U spiitf ' Contontmont I Givo You,'' hud to be repeated. Miss M. Melroso »i I.ndy Betty, Mr. Orundy us Tnppit, niid Mr. Koaevetir aa Tom Stratt did ill that wan possible in their rosneotivo purtt). The choruses woro done justico to, »iid it may be .'aid ' Dorothy ' was in every ?wr.y a W^ hucooss. Tuoro wcro emphatic cull* at tljo end of each act. 'Dorothy' »ili be ri'i'.entcd for six more nights only. Mr. Frank Smith bad his usnal change of p.'l;;;-3n-.mu at tbo Alhambra on Monday, »!it':i thcro was a good munter of Mr. Smith's intruDs. The now bill will run all tha week. » » ? Coopco Aqtmrinm is still a popular resort with tho public, and Mr. Larmour has no reiuon to complain of want of patronage. His latest novolty is tbo great Katie King mystery, or fifteen minutes with a ghost. Tbia is an ex traordinary sight, and must bo acan to be believed. Tho new opera '? Bulbo,' which was pro duood at tho Brisbane Opera Houso last Saturday night, has aroused considerable in terest in tho northern oity. Mr. H. T. Har riott i3 said to have dorised a picturcsquo and Mjuwhi;; work, taking Thackeray's Xmsw ?tory, ' Tho Eoeo and tho Ring,' as tho basis of operations. Misa Aggio Kolton appears as Roiulba, Mr. C. M. Leumaneas Prince Oiglio, Mr. A. 0. I'onlton as Prince Bulbo. Mr. John Wallace, Mr. Denbigh Newton, Miss Bollo Lindsay, and Miss Lotty Dnrand aro in ths Wat. Mr. Harrison's handiwork Ls ««U upoken of. ' Bulbo ' wns to liavo boon staged on Wodnoidny's lust, lint owinifto tho indis position of Miss Afgio Keltou, a poalpcmomoiit was necessary. On Saturday night the umlioiico wn3 very enthiiBinstiu. Amongflt tboso jiresLMit weru the victorious QuoouHland football tirnni, who roooivod nn oration on takius thoir soats. Madamo Vandorvoor Circou has boon com polled, through hur husband's biiRiuusi ar raugemonta, tn poitpono bor dopnrturo for Amorioa until Koptombor 5, whim nho will sail by tho Alamedii. Bbo originally intended to loavo nn Monday by tho Monowni. To the many friends, wlio had nrraused to soo this popular lady off thia information may bo acceptable, ? ? ? Miss TlOso Dooring, Mr. Frod ^^ason1 and thu Fairy Four loavo by tho Norddontchor Lloyd stoamor Salior for Southampton to-day. Carl Hort= and Mdllo D'Alton loft by the Mouowai on Monday uftornoou for Amorioa, Tho Nowcustlo uouhou was not altogether a liotvliui; Buccoas. ? ? ? ? ' IVirth Bros.' Cirous and Kastorn Show was at Auokland when the mail loft. ? ? ? Mr. L. J. Lohr nrrivod in Sydney from Now castlo on Saturday, aud ou Monday uftornoou left for Molbonrno. Ho arrives baok this morning, and loaves by to- uight'a mail for Brisbane, whoro ho will make all arrange moats for tho advent of tho London Gaiety Company. Thin is pretty smart travelling. Tho St. John and Wilkinson Comedy and Burleique Company Etugod ' Alcddin' at tlio Brisbane Boyal for tho last time, ou Saturday. Tho Wilson Forbes Dramatia Company opquod for a short season at tbu Jiriabano Gaiety on Monday. Mr. 1'orbus iueludes in his company Miss Virginia Vivienuo. Miss Lorna Forbes, Miss Carrie Goorgo, Miss Ada Law rence aud Mrs. Keirjhtloy, aud Messrs. M'Lcan, Alf Santloy, Tom JJunkloy, G. Law ronco, Thuo. Kreiner, J. S. Lylo, A. E. Pluiuptou and others. 'Through tho Shadows of Death ' was the opouing pro duction. ? a ? Mr. John V. Shoridan mauo his farowoll appearance in Mclbourno on Monday, prior to bis departure for England. A largo itudieuco assomblcd at tho Theatre Hoy al, tbo Governor and tho Countess of llopotoun being prcsont. Air. Shoridan commeucos his farewell Sydney season on Saturday next at tho Uarriclc. ? « ? Fitzgerald 'Bros. Circns aro now on tour in tho suburbs of Melbourne Carltou is visited to-day, Fitiroy to-morrow, and Kiohinond on Monday. ? « s On Wodnosday aftonioon, noifc ' Teddy ' Loimcn takos a bonofit at tho Melbourne Ouora Houso. ' Carman up to Data ' will ho stairiid, »nd the principal members of tho London Gaiety Company will appear in a number of sketches from other bnrlasquoB. ? « ? The second week of ' In tho Eanks ' at tho Princess's Theatre, Molbourue, waa com moneod ou Saturday night. Mr. George Uig nold, as tho hero, ia ably supported by Miss Watts-Phillips, Mrs. Itignold and tho othor niomboM of tho eouipauy. Tho play will bo repeated during tho wook, and will bo with drawn on Saturday night noxt for tbo ' Silver King.' ? ? ? ? Tho Opera House, Molbourno, was cro-vdod in every part on Saturday evoning, when 'Carman uptoData'wo3 again performed by the Gaiety Burlesque Company. Tho Aok aiiys : — Mr. Lonnen tUrows n. vroudurful amount of spirit into his performance of Don Jose, and exhibits a dojrroo of versatility which ha3 probably never beou oqualled in Molbourne. Ho is ably soeomleit by Mr. Courtnoidgo, who makes his iioiut3 very quietly, bnt nono the less eiTontively, and seems to revel in burlesquing tbo foibles of the military. Miss Marion Hood does ample justice to tho horoine, and suntaiiis hor repu tation as b vocalist of no small dejroo of ex cellence. Miss Leamar, in Susiannoh, is no loss successful than in Ta-ra-ra-boom-do-ay and Madamo Duvaune, whilst Mis3 Lothbridgo contributes some vary graceful dances. Miss Addio Conyera makes au attractive Toreador, and Miss Barry givos n very sprightly perfor mance of nbuddittg military hero. The iutor polated ballots aro very protty, and the pieco i« staged with an oyo to offeut and mastery of detail for which tho Londou Gaiety Company has become famous all over the world. ' Tho Green Bushes ' was proilucod by Messrs. Boothinan and Stark's Company at tho Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, on Satnr duy night, and met with a very onooumjiog reception. * ? ? The Lynoh Famify of Bollringorfl arrived in Melbourne on Saturday from a successful provincial tonr. During tho week the com pany will appear nt Bondigo and Castlo niaino en routo to New South Wales and Queensland. * s ? Two now pieces woro put before tho JIol bourno public by tho Brough and Boucicault Company on Saturday night, viz., ' Tho Open Gate,' a ono act play by C. II. Chambers, aud a three act farcical comedy, tho joint produc tion of Messrs. G. R. Sims and C. Haleigh, ontitled 'Tho Grey Muro.' The Bijou uudiunae rccoived both pieoes with great favor. « ? e Bland Holt'3 company opened to a good houso in tho Theatre Koyal, Adelaide, on Saturday, in ' A Sailor's Knot.' The Theatro Koyal, Melbourne, on Satur day was well filled, whon Mr. Irank Cates took his bonofit. Mr. Cates mado what is Baid to havo been a very successful appearanco iu ' Hamlet,' but tho support accorded was not very poworful in places Miss Airniio Mooru was Ophelia aud Miss Emma Brouton tho Queen. As most of tho cast wore amateurs anything out of tho way could not havo boon expected. ? » ? Signor Malfozzoli was accorded a bonefit in Melbourne on Saturday. There was a largo audience Lottio Collins was to appear in Manchester, nftor which sho departt to America, boing under eunaRoment to Daniel Frolunan to appear in Now York and stnp ' Ta-ra-ra,' for which nlia ia to receive, so it ia said, JCMO nor week. Misa Collins' engagement will only bo for a brief period. I should think so ut that price ! Miss Collins will, on hor return to London, sine two now songs, both of which sho believes will bo ovon more success ful than 'Ta-ra-ra;' in fact, she doea not know which to produco first, so says a London writer. , ? . ? ? ? Vesta Tilley was to havo gono to Douglas, Isle of Man, at a big salary, for the August Bank Holiday week. Later in tho autumn she stnrtB, as already montioned, on a four teen weeks' tour with the new burlesquo (oxprossly written . for her), entitled ' Cartoucho and Co.' This talented lady will cnaot tho part of Dick in tho pantomino of ' Dick Whittiugton,' at Christmas, at the Theatro Boyal, Glasgow, and noxt year nho will also bo under engagement with Messrs Howard and Wyndham, ? ??. ? ? « ibsen's wooino. A curious anecdote is told by tho Vienna correspondent of tho Daily Newb of Hourik Ibsen's wooing of his wife. The dramatist who has slnos become so famous was than in structor of thoThoatro at Ilorgon. and though bo had written ' Catilina,' ' Gildot paa Sol haug,' and ' Fru Inger til Oestoraad,' his fame waa not such as to uocuro his sucoess. Whon ho foil in lovo with tha beautiful daughter of Pastor Tbor»*en, how to mnko known tho faot to bor troublud him for weoka. At last ho resolvod to write to hor. Ho would come and fetch his answer tho namo afternoon at five. Did tho lady accept him, sho would bo ' at homo,' otherwise not. At fivo o'clock ho pronentod himself, and tho maid asked him to go into tho bost room. He was very bopoful, and glad to have lima to oolloct himsolf boforo ho mot tho lady. But when ho had waitod half an hour awful doubts began to assail him. Aftor an hour hod passed ho imaginod tho letter had not reached the young lady. Somo fatal mistako was making a fool of liiia. Still ho waitod on. Af ter'two hours he began to bo ashamed of him suit; Sho would lonrn that ho hod sat two houra in that deserted boui-e, and would laugh at him. At Ia6t ho jumped up in a rago and ran to tho door. Ho was opening It whou a loud peal or laughter arrested him. Ho turuod and Bar.- the fair head of hia adored amergo from umler the Bofa. Her month was laugh ing, but hor eyes woro Ellud with tears. ' Oh I you doar good fellow to wait ull this whilo,'1 sbo said. ' I wanted to soo how many minutes a lover's pationco lasts. How hard tho floor ia I Now help m9 to get out, aud thon wa will talk.' Ia less than a wook tb» marrlago waa arranged. 