Sad Sequel to a Challenge. When the Crimea was occupied by the allied armies many of the wealthier inhabitants abandoned their homes, taking with them all they could con- veniently remove of their household goods. Among the houses thus left empty there was an ancient and gloomy edifice which stood at a con- sidérable distance from the British intrenchments. This house had acquired an evil reputation long before the outbreak of the war. The peasantry firmly believed that it was haunted by the ghost of a person murdered within it many years before, and few of tbem cared to be within its walls even during the day. It had beeil inhabited by au old man, who was its owner, and by a few attached servant s nearly as old as himself. It was now de- serted by every one. The story of the ghost became known to several British officers, who sometimes made merry over it round their hut fires in the long dark nights of winter. On one of these occasions two young officers of different regiments, but great personal friends, were loud in their mirthful chaff, at the expense of one of their comrades present, who declared that he would not admit that the existence of ghosts was an absolute impossibility. Their friend replied that it was all very well to laugh at ghosts, spectres, and apparitions when in the midst of blithe companions enjoying their Chiistmas faro, but would tliey venture this wager with him ? . Would they venture to keep watch and ward in that old castle alone together for a single night ? The wager waB at once accepted by the light-hearted young men, and was carried into effect within a few days. They were accompanied to their place by several of their friends. They did not fail to take with them a good supply of creature comforts, and a cheerful fire soan blazed in the room which they fixed on as their quarters for the night. But first, while daylight lasted, they made, with their comrades, a thorough inspection of the dreary old castle. They found it contained many dismal looking roomB, most of which were totally empty, whilst in others there still remained some articles of old mouldy furniture. There was free admission, to every roora and chamber, until they discovered a subterranean vault, which looked and smelt like a charnel house. The heavy door of this dungeon was doubly secured, as, besides the huge lock, a heavy padlock and chain were stretched across. Lock and chain were alike covered with rust, and the door, which they could not force, had evidently not been opened for many a long day. Satisfied upon the whole with their search, their friends took leave of them, wishing them joy lof their night's entertainment. Therefore, the two young officers made themselves as comfort- able as they could. They piled fuel on the fire, ate a good supper, and drank a bumper to the health of " All good ghosts." Ultimately they prepared to go to sleep, wrap ping'themselves in their cloaks, and laying their drawn swords near them, as they agreed that if any one disturbed them it was sure to be something of mortal mould, and not an unsubstantial spirit. It was their intention that they Bhould watch and Bleep by turns, but, fatigued by a long d -j's work, both officers ultimately fell asleep. At some time of the night one of them gradually awoke, feeling certain he heard noises in the Castle. He sat up and listened intently. The fire had all but burned out, . and the room was very dimly lighted. He was now absolutely sure that he heard sounds of bolts being drawn and chains rattled. Presently he beard footsteps steadily ascending the stair- case, and soon the door of the room was pushed open, and the form of a gigantic old man stood before him. The eyes of the apparition were fixed intently upon his, and with a stern expression and a commanding motion of the arm, the figure beckoned him to follow. He felt impelled, as if by a mesmeric influence, to obey, and he did so without uttering a word. Slowly the figure led the way downwards till they reached the subterranean vault, the door of which now stood wide open, dis- closing to his view certain skulls and bones. The figure now spoke, and, in a tone of menace, said, " Enter, you have come to be my guest, and this is the chamber prepared for you. The young man started back, and would have rushed away bnt the figure sprang in front of him, and drawing at the same time a sword from under his mantle, assumed a threatening attitude. The young officer, in an agony of excitement and agita- tion, made one furious thrust at the fearful figure before him. He struck only too truly. There was .a scream and a fall, and to his horror he found he bad driven his sword through the heart of his friend, who lay dead at his feet in the room which neither of them had ever left. 