Mr. John Wallace and a small hut efficient variety company gave two merry entertain ments at the Boggo road Theatre, on Saturday and Monday. They will be repeated with additional attractions on Saturday and Monday next. Miss Maggie Moore and her talented com pany opened their season at the Opera House on the 17th instant, with "Meg, the Cast away." The reception which was given to the company was hearty and demon strative, Miss Maggie Moore's first ap- ; pcaranco being the signal for a perfect j storm of applause, which did not at once Bub- | side. " Meg the Castaway" is a domestic drama in four acts, appropriately designated Meg's heart, Meg's grief, Meg's luck, and Meg's joy. There is nothing im possible about tho play, and much of j it may be seen any day in the great city in which the scenes are laid. As a matter of course in a play of this sort. Meg overshadows everything else, and Miss Maggie Moore's impersonation of the part was a wonderful piece of characterisation. Miss Maggie Moore was ably supported by the subsidiary characters. The scenery was de cidedly good, the first set, the exterior of Spring lawn, being much above the average. The stage accessories were also-very complete. The management at the Gaiety Theatre must hare been highly gratified with "the attendance on Thursday week. Although the weather was decidedly most unfavourable, quite a large audi ence assembled to witness the representation of the well-known Irish drama "The Shaugh raun." Those who braved the elements were Veil rewarded, as tho performance was of a very even nature, and went with a swing from start to finish. "The Shaughrnuh," as played by the Taylor- Car ringtou Company, differs in some points from previous representations, but does not suffer thereby. Last night Mr. Taylor was cast in the title role, and he added* another to the list of his successes. Mr. Taylor was well supported by Miss Cnrrington in the character of Moya, and by her consistent acting 6he added not a little to the success of tho ! evening. I Mr. "W. H Leake, the woll known actor, j died at the Adelaide hospital on 15th instant, after an illness extending over four months. Mr. Leake came from America with the play I "My Partner," and afterwards appeared in j "The Silver King-," "Romany Rye," and j several Shakespearian plays. He was an actor ; of considerable ability. The cause of death was j heart disease and dropsy. From Sydney -wires "we learn that j "New Men and Old Acres" was success fully revived at the Critoriou Theatre on Saturday night. Mr. Anson, who is taking his farewell, met with an enthusiastic reception. There was a good house at the Garrick Theatre, and "La Travinta" was repeated to the evident satisfaction of the audience. "In the Ranks" is still running at Her Majesty's Theatre. There was a good attend ance to witness Mr. Bland Holt's new play, "A Sailor's Knot" at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. Mrs. Bernard Beere's debut at the Opera House, Melbourne, on Saturday night, is stated to have been, a decided triumph. Floral tributes and vociferous upplause marked her entrance in the first act, but at the end of the second, third, and fourth acts she was called and recalled before tlio curtain by the audience, who had been moved to an unusual pitch. The piece performed was "As in a Looking Glass." It was in every way well staged, and she • • well supported by the rest of the company. Mr. Daly is said to have accepted for pro duction n play by Mr. Huntly M'Carthy, in. which Miss Ada Rehan will appear. It is announoed that the receipts at the Lyric Theatre for one month since the production of "Mountebank," have uraountcd to £7,797, an average of £311 per day. " The Times " reachod its 100th performance ion February I, and still continues to draw j crowded houses at Terry's, and to delight all : who witness this extremely clcrcr play. Mr. i Terry lias unfortunately beeu recently absent from the theatre owing to illness, but has now resumed his place in the cast. Another new theatre is in contemplation— fact there are rumours that there are to be two new playhouses in London very shortly. One of these will bo the property of Mr. H. Moroll, who is not. however, goings to turn actor manager. The other will be under tlio direc tion of Mr. E. Lonncn, who is now in Mel bourne with Mi's. Beere. Miss Mary Duggnn, the captivating Nolly Bly, of the Savoy Opera, is of Irish nationality, and was educated in Dublin. Her first London appearance was under Mr. Carl Rosa's manage ment in 14 Piccolino," with Mr. D'Oyly Carte's company. She has for for some time been playing Jessie Bond parts in the provinces, besides having played in "The Mikado" its second continental tour. Mrs. Elizabeth .Marbury, of New York, is , the only woman in tho world who represents foreign and American dramatic authors us nn .international agent. She reads or listens to •the reading of plays from tho pens of Sardou and Jeromo and Chambers, and with equal • patience, if not equal interest, from writers of less genius. And, having accepted the play, she places it, draws up contracts of remarkable accuracy and legal technicality, collects royalties, and verifies the box-office receipts. She also organises literary syndicates, collects articles for periodicals, and acts as an inter mediary between European authors and Am on*, can publishers, and possibly vice vena. One of the most successful pantomimes of the present year in London bas been " Dick Wliit tington" at the Grand Theatre, to which (says tho Quecii\ "West End playgoers have been flocking in such numbers that North Londoners have literally found themselves " crowded out" of their pretty local theatre. It is more than probable that it will be subsequently removed for a short run to tho Olympic Theatre, where it will doubtless prove as attractive as it has done at the Grand. "Forgiveness" has (says the Queen) almost ran its course at St. James's. Mr. George Alexander's present season has so far not been successful; and if it is true that ho contem plates putting "Hamlet" on his stage, lie will, it is feared, have further disaster to en counter. Two Hamlcta at the same time, and : within a stone's throw of each other, are i hardly likely to attract the public. It is more probable, however, that Mr. Oscar Wilde's new play will he the next production here, and that " Hamlet" will follow. According to the World, Maeterlinck, the " Belgian Shakespeare," has never been behind the scenes of a theatre in his life. " The great majority of playn l>ore him inexpressibly," and almost the only piece he has witnessed w* * anything like pleasure have been "The Win ter's Tale," the "Jungfran von Orleans," " Ghosts," and " The Powers of Darkness." M. Maeterlinck admits that, though he prefers the dramatic form for tho expression of his ideas, he "never gives the smallest considera tion to theatrical jjossibilitics and effects." During a performance of "My Sweetheart " at the Opera House, Southport, England, by Miss Minnie Palmer's company, on February 9, a panic was averted by the prompt and plucky action of Miss Gladys Homfray. who takes the part of Miss Fluter. As Miss Hom fray whb about to make her appearance on the stage her parasol caught fire, and was blazing profusely when she came before the footlights. Observing every sign of a panic among the audience, Miss Homfray at once folded up the parasol and extinguished the fire with her" hands, which were considerably burnt in the operation. Sir Augustus Hams lias been to Hamburg (says the Queen), where he has made arrange ments for the production at Covent Garden Theatre next season of the whole of "Wagner's ; "Nibelungen Ring" (consisting of "Das Itheingold," "Die Wnikure," "Siegfried," and 44 Gotterdummeruug,") which has not been performed in London since its original intro | duction tliere at Hev Majesty's Tlieatre by Herr Pollini 10 years ago. The artists already en gaged for the representation of the tetralogy : include Herr Alvary, a tenor who sang ; part of Tristan in 44Tristan und Isolde" j Bayreuth; Herr Wiegand, who sang at Her : Majesty's 10 years ago; Herr Greve, a bari | tone; Herr Landau, the tenor; and Frnulcin Kraffuki, n well known German soprano. In setting before the public a revival of bis noble play 41 Judah," Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has (remarks the Queen of February 0) made the best possible use of hts position as a theatrical manager. "When " Judah" was originally produced at the Shaftesbury nearly two years ago, we felt justified in describing it as its author's masterpiece. His masterpiece it 6till remains; and, indeed, it would be unreasonable to expect even so giited a dramatist as Mr. Jones to repeatedly reach the singularly high level he has attained in a play that must be re garded us a positive inspiration. Alike in power, in originality, iu boldness of design, and drilfulness of treatment, in strength of situation and felicity of dialogue, " Judah *' is entitled to take its place among the few plays of the highest rank produced within recent years. What is called a "comic opera," eays an English paper, hut which would, perhaps, be more properly described as a burlesque of DouglasJeiToIdV "Black- eyed Susrui," was produced ut tbe Prince of "Wales's Theatre, on Saturday night, February C. Its title is " Blue eyed Susan." Messrs. Sims and Pettitt have written the book, the music being the work of Mr. F. Osmond Carr. The score contains some graceful numbers, and the performance was well received. Miss Nellie Stewart, the Susan of the new production, has for some years past enjoyed much success as an operatic singer in the Australian colonies. Her light soprano voice, facile execution, and power of expression were well appreciated. William was repre sented by Miss Marian Burton (also well known iu Australia), who wing the music of the part as well as it could be suug. At the fall of the curtain the authors were called for, and Messrs. Henry Pettitt and Osmond Carr bowed their acknowledgments. Mdine. ilodjeska has bo en giving her opinion on Rosalind to the members of the New York Goethe Society. The great actress held from what the Duke says of her that Rosalind was subtle, smooth, silent, patient, bright, and virtuous, and from what is said by herself and others, that she was tall, golden-haired, majestic, and beautiful. Her unselfish nature tvas shown in her readiness to crush her own sorrow for the sake of Oclia. The scene be tween Rosalind and Orlando after the wrestling Mdme. Modjeskii regards as one of the most delicate ami beautiful in the play, and she re marks that there is no effort nerc or elsewhere to gain applause by what actors call 44 points." Tho Mlty speech of Rosalind's, she says, that is iutended especially for applause is in tho epilogue, winch has no connection with Rosa lind's character, but is merely an appeal from the author and manager on behalf of the play. Rosalind cannot bo played, Hdme.. Modjeska add6, in a natural nruiner, for the story is more of a poem than a play, and must hare poetic treatment. ' ' A new English saddle has a series of springs to relieve the rider from jolting. 