By H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1S01, nv H. KIDER HAGGARD. [ALL moura KESEUVED.] CHAPTER XXIX.-CojmsVKD. * Non does the matter end hero, xou wem it seems, to win a girl whom Dingaan desired yet when you fiud that giri you let her gc because, indeed, you flay sho was your siste and would not wed Dingaau. Forsooth, i not the king good enough for tin's sister o yours? Now, what is tue end of tho tale! You try to play tricks on the krag, becausi of your sister, and aro found out. Then yoi kill a man before tho king and escapo, bring ing tliis fool of an aged Mouth with you that lie may teach you his own folly. Si you have lost half of your own people, an( you havo gained tbo king for a foo who sbal bring about the death of nil of us, mid a foo for a counsellor. Wow ! Slaughterer, keep ti your trade and let others find you wit.' Tims sho spoke without ceasing, and then was some truth in her words. Zinita had i litter tongue. I sat silent until sho hac finished, and TJtnslopogaas also rcuiainec silent, though his anger was great, becaust there was no crack in her talk through whicli a man might thrust a word. ' Peace, woman 1' 1 said nt length, 'do no) talk ill of thoso who are wise and who had seen much before you were born.' ' Talk no ill of him who is my father,1 growled TJmslopogans. 1 Ay ! though you do not know it, this Mouth whom you revile is Mopb, my father.' ' Then there is a man among the People of the Axe who has a fool for a father. Of all tidings this is tho worst.' ' There is a mon among tho Peoplo of the Axe who has a jado and a scold for a wife,' said Uui8lopogaus springing up. ' Begono, Zinita !-and know this, that if I hear you speakmore such words of him who is my father, you shall go further thau your own hut, for I will put you away and drive you from luv kraal. I have stiffororl von ton long.' ' I go,' said Zinitn. 'Oh ! I nm wei served ! . I umdo you chief, mid now yoi tlirenton to put mo away. ' My own hands tundo ino chief,' said Um slopognns, and, springing up, ho thrust lie from tho hut. ' It is an ill thing lo bo wedded to such i woman, my father,' ho enid presently. * Tea, an ill thing, Uinslopognas, yet tliosi aro tho burdeus that men must bear. Lean wisdom from it, UniBlopogaap, and havo a little to do with women na may he : at th< lcnsr, do not love them overmuch, so slml yon find the moro peace.' Thus I epokc smiling, nud would that ho had listened ti my counsel, for it ia tho love of womel which has brought ruin on Unislopognaa ! All this was many years ago, nnd bu lately I have heard that Umslopognaa ia doc into the North, and become-a wanderer ti his'death because of thu matter of a womal who betrayed him, making it seem he hm murdered ono Loustn, who was aa hi brother, just like Galazi had been. I di not know how it cane about, but ho who wai ilerco nnd strong lind this weakness, and i has destroyed him nt last, nnd for thin causi I shnll behold him no moro. Now, my father, for awhile wo sut «ilenl and alone in tho hut, and ns we sat I though! that I heard n rat stir in tho thatch. Then I spoke : ' Umslopognas, ut longtli the hour haB como that I should whisper something into your car, a word which 1 hare hold secrot over since you were born.' ' Spenk on, my father,' he said, wondoring. I cropt to tho door of tho hut and lookod out. Tho night was dark and I could seo none about, and could henr none move, yet, being cautious, I walked round tho hut. _A.h, my father, wbon you have a secret to tell, be not so easily deceived. It ia not enough to look forth and to search round. Dig beneath tho door and search tho roof also; then, having done all this, go else- where and tell your tale. The woman was right ; I waa but a fool, for all my wisdom and my wliito hair.». Had 1 not boen a fool I should have searched out that rut in the thatch before over I opened lips. Por tho rat was Ziuita, my father-Zinitn, who had climbod tho hut, and now lay thorn in tho dark, her ear upon tho Binoke-holo, listening to'every word that passed. It was an ovil thing to do, ¡int!, moreover, tho worst of omens; but thoro is little honour among women when they would learn tlint which others'wÏBh to hide away from them, nor, indeed, do they theu weigh omens. So having searched and found nothing, I spoke' to Uraslopogans, my fosterling, not knowing that death in a woman's shape lay on the hut abovo us. 'Hearken,' I said, 'you aro no son of mino, Urn8lopogaas, though you have called me father from a babe. You spring from a loftier stock, Slaughterer.' 'Tot I was well plcnsod with my father ling, old man,' said Umslopognas, ' tho breed is.good enough for mo. Say, then, whose son nm I ?' Kow, I bent forward and whispered to him, yet, nins ! not low enough. ' Toil nro tho son of the Black Ono who is dead, yen, sprung from tho blood of Cunha and of Balokn, my sister.' 'I still havo some kinship with you then, Mopo, and that I am glad of. Wmo\ who ?would have guessed that I wns th« son of that si!wann, of that hya-na man P Perhaps it is for this reason that, Uko Gnlnzi, 1 love the company of tho wolves, though no lovo grows in my heart for my father or any of his house.' i 'Tou havo little cause to lovo him, TTmalopogaas, for ho murdered your motlier, Bnlekn, and would have slain you also bad it not beeil for mo. But you are tho son .of, Chakn a'nd of no other man.' , . ,'. ix-. ' AVolI; 'H'B eyes must bo keen indeed, my. iinolo,.who^cnn^piplc bia own father out of a crowd.1-' Ärid ! yet';'.I. ; once*'board .this tale hofore, though I liad long agd'forgot'ten it? ' From whom/ did-'you- hear it, Umslopc gnas? An hour since it was known to m 1 alone, tho others are dead who knew il Now it is known to two * (ah ! my father, did not guess of the third) ; * from whom then, did you hear it r' 'It was" from the dead; at least, Gala? the Wolf heard it from the dond One whi sat in the cave on Ghost Mountain, for th dead One told him that a man would com to bo his brother who should bo unmet Umsdopogaas Bulalio, son of Chuko, nm Galnzi told it to me, but I had long forgot ten it.' .lt seems that there is wisdom in thi dead,' I answered, ' for lo ! to-day you an named Uuislopogaas Bulalio, and to-day ] declare you the son of Chaka. But listen ti my tale.' Then I told him all tho story from tin hour of bis birth onwards, and when I spoke of tho words of his mother, Buleka, nfter 1 had told my dream of her, and of the man ner oE her death by the command of Chaka and of the great fashion in which she bac died, then, 1 Bay, .TJmslopogaas.wept, who, J say, seldom wept before,or after. . Butasmj tale grew to its end I saw that ho listened ill, as a man listens who hus n weightier matter pressing on his heart, and, before il was well done he broke in- . j. ' So, Mono, my uncle, if I am tho son ol Chaka. and Baleka,, Nada the Lily is no sister to me.' ' ' Nay, TJmslopogaas,, she is only your cousin.' ' Over near of blood,', he said. . ',Yet that shall not stand' between us,' and' his face grew glad. Llooked at him in question.' - ? 'You grow dull, my '.uncle.,. This is my menning: that I, will, wed Nada if she still lives, for it comes upon me now that 1 never lyved any woman ns I love Nada the Lily,' and while he spoke; once more I heard tho rat stir in the thatch of the hut. ' Wed her if you will, UmslopogaaB,' I answered, "yet I think that one Vinita, your InikosHcasi, will find words to say in the matter.' 'Zinita.is my head wife indeed, but shall she hold me back from taking other wives, after the lawful custom of our people ?' ho asked angrily, and his anger showed me that he feared the wrath of Zinita. ' Tho custom ' is lawful and good,' I said, ' but it lias bred trouble at times. Zinita can have little to say if she continues in her place Wind "you still love her as of old. But enough of her. Nada is not yet at your gates, and perhaps she will nover find them. ¡See, TJmslopogaas, it is my. desire that you should rule in Zululand by right oE blood, and, though things point otherwise, yet 1 think a way can be found to brine it u'bout.' 1 How' so ?' be asked. 1 Thus : Many of the groat chiefs who are friends to me hate Dingaau and fear him, and did they know that a sou ot' Chaka lived, and that son the Slaughterer, ho will climb to tho throne upon their shoulders. Also tho soldiers love tho'namo of Chuica, though bo'dealt cruelly with thom, because at least he was brave and generous. But they do not love-DingaaD, for disburdens aro the burdens of Chaka, but his gifts are tho gifts oE Dingaau ; therefore they would welcome Chaim's son if once they kuow him for certain. But it is here that tho necklet chafes, for there is bút'iny word to provo it. Yeti will try it.' 'Perhaps it is worth, trying and perhaps it is not, my uncle,' answered Uinslopoguas. ' Ono thing I kuow :! I liad rather seo .Nada at;my gateSjto- night than hear all.tho^biefs in tho land crying;'Hail, O King !" . ' You will live to think otherwise, TJmslo- pogaas : nud now this must bu done. Spies must be set at the kraal TJingugundhlovu to givu us warning of the mind of tho king, lest ho send au iinpi suddenly to eat you up. Porhops his hands may be too full for that ere long, ' for those white Amaboona will answer his assegais with bullets. And ono moro word : let nothing be said oE thia matter of your birth, least, of all to Zinita your wife, or any other woman.' ' Fear not, uncle,' he answered ; 11 know how to be silent.' Now, after awhile TJmslopogaas left mo and went to the hut of Zinita, hisliikosi/casi, whore she lay wrapped in her blankets, and ns it seemed, asleep. ' ' Greeting, my husband,' sho said slowly, like ono who wakens. ' I have dreamed a strango dream of you. . I dreamed that you wero called a king, and that all tho regiments of tho Zulus filed past, you giving you the royal salute, JJ/n/clc' -..u TJmslopogaas looked'at her wondering, for he did not know if she had learned something or if this was an omen. ' Such dreams aro dangerous,' said he, ' or ho who dreams them does well to lock them fast till they bo for- gotten.' ... 'Or fulfilled,' said Zinita, and again TJmslopogaas looked at her wondering. Now, after this night I began my work, for 1 established spies at tho kraal oE Dingnan, and from them I learned all that passed with the king. At first he gave orders that an iinpi should be summoned to eat up tho People of tho Ase, but afterwards carno tidings that tho Boers, to the number of five hundred mounted men, were marching on the kranl TJmgugundhlovu. So Dingaan had no impi to sparo to send to the Ghost Mountain, ond wo who were beneath its shadow dwelt th ero in peace. This time tho Boera were beaten, for Bogolo, the spy, led them into an ambush ; but fow wero killed, and they did but draw back that they might jump the further, and Dingnan knew this. At this timo also tho JüngÜBh white men of Natal, who attacked Dingaau by the Lower Tngela, wero Blain by our people, nnd those with thom. Also, hythe help of certain witch-doctors, I lilied the land with rumours, prophecies, and dark sayings, and I worked cunningly on tho minds of many chiefs that wero known to me, sending them mesanges hardly to bu understood, such as should propare their thoughts for the coming of ono who should be declared to them. They listened, but tho task was long, for tho men dwelt far apart, and some of them were away with tho regimen fa. So tho time went by, till many days had passed since wo reached the Ghost Mountain. TJuislopognas had no moro words with Zinita, but she ni ways watched him, and he went heavily. For he awaited Nada, and Nada did not come. ' But at length Nada came. CHAPTER XXX.-Tltic ooiiiso op KADA. . Ono night-it was a night of-full moon-I sat alono with TJmslopogaas in my: hut, and wo sp'okp pf tho matter /bf'our,'plot's, j :then, when wo.had.fihishod tho Lily. > <.:?'?< _ i 'Alasl-myûnolëj'saidtTJhléloppgaâs sadly, . 'j wo.shall never look .inóre'ón1 Nadafshôis suroly.doad orin bonds; otherwiseshühadboen j héro'lPfa"g;agó!r'íIíhave ¡íoughtrfarWd''Vvidór I ànd'lïffïéaïWfrclirigs and find nothing.'í t Thon wo were silent awhile, und presently in thc silence a dog barked. "\Ve roso and crept out of tho hut to Bee what it might bi that stirred, for the night drew on, and it was needful to be wary, since a dog might bark at the stirring of a leaf, or perhaps it might be the distant footfall ofanimpithat it heard. "\Ve bad not far to look, for s tand iug gaz iug at the huts, like ono who is afraid to call, was a man, tall and slim, holding an assegai in ono hand and a little shield in the other. "WV could not Bee the face of tho mon, because tho light was behind him, and a ragged blanket hung about his. shoulders. Also he was footsore, for ho rested on one leg. Now wo were peering round the hut and its shadow hid us, so that the man saw nothing. ï"or a while ho stood still, then he «poke to himself, and his voice was strangely soft. 'AU that is hidden is not lost,' 1 answered ; yet I myself believed that there was an end of Nada. ' Here aro many huts,' said the voice. ' Now, how may I know which is the house of my brother ? . Perhaps if I call I shall bring soldiers to mo, and be forced to play the man boforo them, and I nm weary of that. AVoll, I will lie hero under the fence till morning ; it is a softer bed than Borne I have found, and I am forcdono. with travel -Bleep I must,' and the figure sighed and turned so that the light of tho moon fell full upon its face. My father, it was tho face of Nada, my daughter, whom I had not seen for so many years, yet across the years I know it nt once; yes, though the bud had become a flower I knew it. The face was weary, and worn, but ah ! it was beautiful. Never before nor since have I seen such beauty, for there was this about the loveliness of my daughter, J tho Lily ; it seemed to flow from within I yes, as light will flow through the thiu rind of a gourd, and in that'she differed from the other women of our people, who, when they are fair, are fair with,the flesh, alone... Now, my heart went out to Nada as sli6 stood in tho moonlight, one forsakon, not having where to' lay her head ; Nada, who alone was left alive of all my children. I motioned to Umslopogans to hide himself in tho shadow, and stepped forward. ' Ho!' 1 said roughly; ' who are you, wan- derer, and what do you here?' ; Now, Nada started like a frightened bird, but quickly gathered up her thoughts, and turned upon me in a lordly way. ...... ' Who dre you that ask me ?', sho said, feigning a man's voice. 1 One who con use a Btick upon thieves and_ night-prowlers, boy. ' Come, show your business or be moving. You are not of this people; surely that moocha is, of a Swazi make, und hore, we do not love Swazis,': ' Were you not old, I would beat you for your insolence,' said Nadn,' striving to look brave and .all tho while searching a way to escape.. ' Also, I have no stick, only .a spear, and that is for warriors, not for an old umfagosan like you.' Ay, my father, I lived to boar my daughter name me ' an umfagozan-a low follow ! Now, making pretence to be angry, I leaped at her with my korrie up, and, for- getting her courage, she dropped her spear, and uttered a little scream. But sh o still hold tho shield before her face. I Beized her by the arm, and struck a blow uponthc shield with my kerrie-it would scarcely havo crushed a fly, but this .brave warrior trembled soroly. . 'Whero now is your valour,. you who name me unfugazon ?' I said : ' you who cry Uko a maid and whoso arm isl»ëoft-nB"a maid's.' She made no answer, but hugged her tattered blanket ; round hër, and, shifting my grip from her arm, I seized it .and rent it, showing her breast and shoulder'; then I lot her go, laughing, and said-" 'Lo! bereis the warrior who would boat an old umfagazon for his insolence, a warrior Well'.shaped for war! Now, my pretty maid who wanders at< night in the garment of a man, what talo baye you to tell ? Swift with it, lest I drag you to the chief ns his prize! Tho old man socks a new wife, they toll me.' ' ' Now, when Nada saw that;I-had dis- covered her she threw down tho shiéld'aftér the spear, as a thing that was of no more avail, and hung her head sullenly. But when I spoke of drngging her to tho chief then BIIO Hung herself upon tho ground, and clnBped my knees, for since I called him old, she thought that this chief could not bo UiU8lopogans. ' Oh, my father,' said the Lily, ' oh, my father, havo pity on me ! Yes, yes ! 1 am a girl, a maid-no wife1-and you who aro old, you, perchance have daughters such as I, and in their name I ask for pity. My'fatbcr, I have journeyed far, I have endured many things, to find my way to a kraal where my brother rules, and now it seems that 1 have como to the wrong kraal. Forgive mo that I spoke to you so, my father; it .was but a woman's feint, aud I was hard pressed to hide my sex, for my fathor, you know it is ill to be a lonely girl among strange men.' : i Now, I snid no word in answer, for this renson only : that when I henrd Nada call mo luther, not knowiug me, and saw her clasp my knees nnd pray to me in my daugh- ter's nnmo, I, who was childless snvoforhor, went nigh to weeping.. But sho thought that I did not answer bocause I was angry and nbout to drag her to this unknown chief, and prayed tho moro oven with tonrs. ' My father,' ho enid, ' do not thia wicked thing by me. Lot mo go and show me tho path that I shall nsk, and you aro old ; you kuow that I am too fair to bo dragged before this chief of yours. Hearken ! All I kuew aro slain, I am alono except for this brother whom I Beek. Oh! if you'betray ino inay such a fato fall upon your own daughter also ! May she also know the day of slavery, and tho lovo that BIIB wills not!' and she ceased, sobbing. Now I turned my hoad and spoko towards tho hut, ' Chiot',' I said, ' Ehloso is kind to you to-night, lor ho has given you a maid fair us tho Lily of tho Halultnzi' (hero Nada glauced up wildly). ' Comb, thou, and tako the girl.' Now, Nada turned to snatch up the asse- gai from the ground, but \v lie th or to kill me, or the chief sho feared so much, or herself, I do not know, and as she turned in hor woe dho culled upon tho name pf TJmsloppgaas. Sho found the assegai and straightened her- self again. And lo! there before her stood a mighty chiof leaning on an ase ; but the old man who threatened her was, gone not very far, in truth, hut round tho corner of tho hut. .. ',.,', . \ ' . - *-', Now Nnda tho Lily looked, ibeur:rubbed hor eyes and looked again.' ' '"' 'Surely I-dream^'.Bhpjjaid atdast^ 'But now I Bpoko to nn old mon, and in his pince there stands before mejithoiehapeiof - one' whom I desire to soo.' -,-o , : 'I tlmught,..maidon~itot,thojrpic'o,of a 'corta! n/Nadít* cal led u pondon o TJmsl'op'ógkas,' '"said hè'wlïo'loànc'dúp'on'tbo axo. ' Ay, 1 called ; but wheru ¡a the old uiaix who treated me go scurvily ? Nay, what does it mutter ?-where ho is, there let him stop. At least,'you aro Uinslopogaas, my brother, pr should be by your greatness.and tho axe. To tho man I cannot altogether swear in this light; but to the axe I can swear, for onco it passed so very near my eyes." Thus she spoke on, gaining time, and all tba while she watched Umslopogaas till she was suro that it was he and no other. 1 hen she made un end of talk, and, flinging herself on him, sho kissed him. , -:., > ' Now ' I trust that Ziuita sleeps sound,' murmured .TJmslopogaas,': for suddenly ho remembered that Nada was no sister to him, as she doomed. Nevertheless he took her by the hand and said, 1 Enter, sister. Of all maidens in the world you are the most welcome here, for know 1 thought you dead. But I, Mopo, ran into the hilt before her, and when she entered she found me sitting by the fire. ' Now, here, my brother,' soid Nada, point- ing at me with ber finger, ' here is that old umfagosan, that low fellow, who, unless I dream, but a very little whilo ago brought shame upon mo-ay, my-brother, he struck me, a maid,'with bis kerrie, and that only because I said I would stab him for his inso- lence, and he did worse, he Bwore that he would drag' me to'some old chief of his to be n gift tp him¿~flnd this hé ;was about to do had you hot come. Will you suffer these things'to go .unpunished, my'brother ?" Now, TJmslopogaas smiled grimly, and I answered- ' "; _ ., * V ' What was' it that you called me just now, Nada; when you prayed me tb protect you?' Father, waa it nut:' and I turned my face towards the blaze of the fire so that tho full ligbt'fell upon it. ' Yes, I called you father, old man. It is not strange, for a homeless wanderer must find fathers , where Bhe can-and yet ! no, it cannot, be-so changed-and that white hand? And yet, oh ! who are you ? Once there was a man called Mopo, and he had a little ' daughter, and she was called Nada Oh I my father, my father, I know, you now !' i ' Ay, Nada, and I know you from the first; through 'all your man's wrappings 1 knew you nf ter these many years.' ! So the Lily fell upon my nock and sobbed there, and I remember that I also wept. " ; Now, when she bad sobbed her fill of joy, Uinslopogans brought Nada the Lily niaas to eat and mealie porridge. She ate of the curdled milk, but of the porridge she would not oat, saying that she was too weary. . 1 I Then she told us all the tale of her wander- ings since she hod fled away from the side of Umslopognas at the' stronghold of tho Halakazi, and, it was long, so long that I will not repeat it, for it is a story by itself. This I will Bay only : thntsbo was captured by robbers, and for a while passed herself off among them ns a youth. But, in tho "end, they found ber out and would have given her as a wife to their chief, only she persuaded them to kill the chief and make I hor their ruler. . They did thiB because of that medicine of the eyes which Nada' had only among women, for as;she ruled'the 'Halakazi so sho ruled tho robbers. But, at the last, they all loved hor, and Bhe gave it out that Bhe would wed the strongest. Then Bomo of ? them- fell - to fighting, and while they-slew each other-for it came about that ? Nada' brought "death upon tho robbers, as ; on all others-she escaped, for she'said that she did not wish to look upon their strugglo but would await the upshot in nj place apart.' . After, that s ¡io ' had 'many further adventures, but at length sho found an old woman who guided her on her way to the Ghost Mountain. - And who this old woman was none could discover, but Galazi swore' af forwards 'that she wus'the Stone Witch of tho mountain,' who''put'on tho shape of an old woman to'guide Nada to Umslopogaas, to bo rthé sorrow and tlio joy of tho People of tho Aso. I know not, yet it seems to me that, tho old witch would scarcely havo put ¿ff her stone for so small a mattor. :Now, when Nada had made an end of her tale, Umslopogaas told his, of how things had gone with Dinganu. -AVhen he told ber how ho had given the body of tho'girl to the king, saying that it was tho Lily'B stalk, sho said that it was well done, and when ho told of tho slaying of tho traitor she clapped her hands, though Nada, whose heart was gentle, did not love to'hear of deeds of death. At last he finished, aud she was somewhat sad, and said it seemed that her fate followed her, and that now theJPeople of the Axe wero in danger at the hands' of Dingaan; because, of . her. .- i ' Ah 1 my brother,' sho cried, catching Umslopogaas by the hand,' ' it were ' better that I should die than that I should bring evil upon you also.' i ¡, . . i' That would not mend matters, Nada,' he answered. 'J?or whether you-be dead or alive, tho hate of Dingaan is already earned. AIBO, Nada,-kuow this :.-lam not your brother.'1 (Tu bo continued in. Tuesday's Issue ) 