THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. . SECOND NOTICE. : ..Ono of tho ubiquitous globo trotters, Bov. Samuel A. Barnett,'rooorils hi. impressions of the various 'nsitidnaHtibs he recently passed through in a brief summary designated Man East aud West. Ho has gained valuablo experi ence by his contact with other ris/tions, finds that some cherished principles turn out to bo prejudices, arid that /impression coufliotB with impression; but, returns, with a greater, respect for .humanity, and "more inolined to believe in his neighbor's, strength to hoip himself and iriore shy of schemes .whioh professto help him." -India, with its 250, 000, 000 inhabitants, speaking 200 difforent laugutigoB, appoarB less homogerioous tlian Europe, to tlio average Indian visitor, who, familiar only with Eastern customs, arid speaking 1 no modorn language, finds Rome, Paris, Berlin aud London more alike than, l'oonali, Delhi, Caloutta; aud Madras. Depressed with the look of stolid misery that prevails, tho travellor. is told that tho povorty of those ; swarming millions affcots. all plans of amelioration. " AYliy is education so baokwaril ? AVhy are there few soliooi buildings — no public libraries? ' The people aro too poor to pay. ''further taxes'/istko answer. 'In India tho annual iucomo por |liead is only £2,, whoroas in Turkey it, is £4, in England £33. Tho officials strive, Mr. Barnett says, to develop responsibility ' among tho natives,' to' inoroasri virtue, happiness and wealth, but it is easy to soo that '/thore is. no trust between governor and -governed.". : Tho /missionaries . are, .not moro successful. ' Their ovangol rouses little admiration, and //'among, the few who havo become Christians, there ; is not. tho evident zoal of first .oonvorts." . Repelled ;at first by Chinese .manners aud customs, - tho tourist discovers hidden tr.iit3 of ohriraoter/ that rodcom tlio rest.' 1 One/of the oonvorts at Chang- hat tells Mrl, Barnett . that "a Oliiriose mer- ohant will koop to, tho termB.of on unwritten contract, even though it be to his awn loss— a tiling rarely met among European merchants in tlio; East." .Of. the Japanese, liovcryono knows," lie', says, '' thoir . quaint pretty /ways, their Bwoetness of. disposition, their politeness/ thoir Tans, and - their, ; curios," ' but- their versatility and energy1 surpriso., him. ' Japan, with its manufnotnrcs, skilled workmen. /nnd men of soicnoo, now seems ".liko .tho most western of, the Amorioan States." Tlio position of the workers on tho Pacific slopes of the United States oalls for/ strong animadversion/ "Never have I hcon eoiisoious of tryariny or felt suoh sympathy with tho men who. kill tyrants aril folt in California;"' Thoro: out of respect for an individual liberty notorious abuses ore endured, and tho weak aro crushed by the strong. Tho writer conoludes that everywhere more principle is wanted, and that " all need the lesson taught by Puritans, from Moaos1 down to Gordon." / . Colonial readers will find tlio paper m tlie Forum on Tho Seoret Ballot in Thirty-three States, by Mr. J. B. Bishop; full of interesting matter/ Tho introduction of the Australian ballot in the Unitod" States ' was duo to the chaotio oondition of the election laws, and it is dcelared that tho rapidity with which tho reform advanced is without parallel In , tho history of similar movements in that country. -Systematic agitation was begun in tlie winter of 1887 by the disoussions of tho Commonwealth Club in Now York, and although barely five years havo. sinoo elapsed, tliree-fourtlis of all tho States of the. Union havo decided in favor of tlio now system' anil will vote under its provisions in ono form or another in tho next Presidential election. ' None of the eleotoral laws framed on tho Australian model can bo said to provide a genuine Aria, tralinn ballot, but must bo -considered 1 adapta- tions of our system, while maintaining its intrinsio character of socreoy. 'Tho corrup- tionists, who aro foiled by tho now dopaituro, havo hit upon a fresh plan for buying votes. As "tlioy would not trust a bribed man to voto in secret" at tho last election in Now York State, " tlioy hired liim to refrain from re gistering." This method of bribery is forbidden by tha Corrupt Practico Act of New York, but it is very difficult to obtain proof of its practice. Tho correctness of Dr. Giffen's deductions as to tho valuo of statistics in dealing with criminal records as sot forth in his paper road before tlio Scienco Congress nt Hobart receives a fresh 'illustration in nn oiaborate artiofc answering the question, Has Crimo Increased in Massachu setts? by Mr. AV. F. Spalding, ono of tho Board of Commissioners of Prisons in that Stato. A local writor had been arguing that, whilo in the last 50 years the population had increased from 737,700 to 2,238,943 — that is, has about trebled — tho ' number of prisouors had meanwliilo increased fit tyfold— 852 pri soners in 1838 against 44,908 in 1890. Mr. Spalding analyses these figures, aud proves that they .are incorrect in themselves, besides show ing that thoro is no enlargement of crime of a serious character, tho majority of committals having been for drunkenness and. offences against order rind decency. Tlio lottory systom of Louisiana has obtained so firm a hold iii that State that borouloan efforts aro being made to stop the renewal of its lottery charter. Judge M'Gloin, of the Louisiaua Court of Ap peals, states the caso against the promoters, anil a history of the company is furnished by one .of tho founders of tho Anti-Lottery Loagno. From this statement it appears that iu addition to the . monthly drawing, for which tickots are sold all over tho country, the lottory has a daily drawing in Now Orleans. Through- out'tho city nro shops whore persons may stake their 25.0. or 509 dol., and at 4 o'clock ovory afternoon the numbers arc drawn. , The com pany's profits amount' to nearly 50 per cent, on -the gross takings, rind they freely bribe nil who are ,amonable' and likely to influence legis lators. -. ; . / . ' ' Mr. Stead is always prepared for a' now sensa tion, and.the production of real ghost stories in qhe Clixistmas number of his periodical is tlio occasion for a vigorous onslaught on his methods and policy by1 the writer "of the first article in tho Westminster' Review.' Evory thing is being inquired into, nowadays, and Mr. Stead's torita- tivo alliarioo with" tho / Psj/ohipal Rcscaroh Sooioty appears harmless /enough. '' At present ho is. dn ardent ' invostigritor, and tli'mka " telepathy " may corao to. prove a/oheap sub stitute for telegraphy.'. An unsigned article on Colonial Government of Great Britain puts for ward the view that we' have; always maintained — that lmperial Federatiori postulates tlro prior and formal separation1 /of the' cplonios and their erootion' into Governments eo-ordiriato with that of Great Britain. :' "With the exobption of Mr. H. M. Stanloy/s volumes on Barkest Africa', no othor writor till. Surgeon. Parko has given a doteiled account of /the entire' course of tho Emin Pasha 'Relief Expedition, and Mr. D. F. Hannignri furnishes a brief re'sumd of this latest record of African experiences. Ho states that many of the charges against Mr. Stanley's manngementaro refuted, and tliatSurgcon Parke, whilo praising Emin Pasha's generosity, deplores his vacillation and timidity,, whioh formed n striking oontrast to tho resolution, readiness and fortitudo of the loader of the .'expedition. Miss Mathilde M. Blako states a strong esse in her papor, Aro "Women Protected ? for their "right, to have a voice in the legislation of the country. Numerous instances nro adduced of inadequate sentences passed on wife bcatera arid other assailants of women. Small thefts aro punished frequently with five or soven years' penal sorvitude, . while aggravated end brutal assaults on womon aro dismissod with a fine or short period of imprisonment. Attention is drawn to/ tho increasing anuunl expenditure inourred over Our Indian Frontier Expeditions by J. Dacostri, who points, out that while tho revenue of India is declining, the cost of main taining an indefinite schemo of territorial aggrandisement will soon necessitate an appeal to tho Imperial Parliament for a substantial con tribution to the fund devoted to the enter- prise... . . . ' . , 