'[Continued from Saturday's Issue.] [all rights -reserved.] NAD A THE LILY. ; BY H. KIDKR HAGGARD. CoPYKIOHT, 1891. By Hi RrlJEfc HAGOAKD.^ CHAPTER iy. ;56tB PttOBl-OV Moro T- :'"; All the rest of thatYight \ve journeyed, till even the dog w«s tired. Then wo hid in a mealie-field for the day; ns-we weie- afraid of feaimj seen. Towards the afternoon wc heard voices, and, "looking through the .iteMs of the me,ilies, wo saw a party of my father's men; pass searching for us. They weii t -till -to neighboring km?l. to ask if Wo had Jiecn s"eii, a-.idTt.£fettluit wc Slvv them. no more for awhile. A t nipht. w« I rnveiled again ; but, as fate, ttoMld'W.e.U, we were .mot by :m old woman,, who looked oddly at us but-said nr/thing.* After that wo pushed on day Mid n'ghti for; we knew that the old woman would; ttUttte" ptiiauers if sho met theiri ; and tSOindeed.it Uo about. Oiv t!« tmrd evening we; reached some muaiie gardens, and saw that: thev .had- been .trampled down-.'" -.Among thoj broken mealies we found .the.body of a vorv; old man, as full of assegai wounds as a por-j cupino with quills. We wondered-nt this,, and went on a little way. .Then we saw that, the kraal to which the gardens belohged^-as: burnt down. We crept up. to it, and—ah !> 1 it was sad for us: to see 1 • Af&rVVlirds; we be-. came used to sue!1, sights; All about lay the > bodies of dc&fl; people,. .scores of them—old men, young men, women, children, little, 1 babies at the b-east—there they lay' among ; the burnt huts, pierced with assegai wounds. lied was. the earth with their blood,land-red they looked in the red light of the setting sun. It was as though all the land Ind been smeared with the bloody harid of the Grwat Spirit, of the Umkulunkulu. .Baleka 6aw it and becan to cry ; she was weary, poor girl, and we had found little to eat, only grass aud green mealies. . ' An enemy has been hcre,v I sa:d, and as I spoke I thought that I heard a groan front the other side of a broken roed hedge. I I '.vent and looked. There lay a. younc woman* sho was cut to piccos, -.but still ttlive> nty father. A little way from htt lay a mnft dead, and before him several other Well of another tribe; lie had died fighting. In front of the woman were the bodies of three children j Mother, a little -one lay on her body-.. I looked at the woman', -and,'as I looked, she groaned again; opened her eyes and saw me, and that I had a spear in my hand... ' Kill me quick !' she said. ;' Have.you not tortured ma enough ?' ' ' , I Eaid that I was ft Stranger arid did hot' want to kittr totttf ;-• ' ' . . ' Theli brings me- water,' she said ; ■' there is a spring,there behind the kraal.'1 I called to Baleka to come to the woman,1 and" went with my "gourd to the spring. There were bodies m It, but I dragged them' out, and when the water had cleared a little I fflled the gourd and brought - it to tlie woman. She drank deep, * and her strength came back a little—the water t gave' 'her, life. . . - - - _ "' _" ' How didyou conie to this? I asked. ' It was an Impi of Chaka, Chief of the; Zulus, that slew us,' she answered. 'They burst upon u.vat dawn this morning,1, while we were asleep in our huts. Yts, I woke up to hear tli.e sound of killing. I vvas asleep ing with iiv£ StisWiid, he who lies (here, and the children. We nil ran out. My husband had a spear and shield. He was a- brave man. Seel he died bravely: ho killed three of the Zulu devi's before he himself was dead. -Then they caught me-, and killed my children, and stabbed me till they thought that I was dead. Afterwards tliey wentTaway. I don't know why they came, but I tliink it was because the chief-would 1 not send men to htlp Chiika . agaiust j Zweeie.' _ i ' She stopped, gave] a great and vras dead. . My sistev Sept at the sk'hf, and I too was stirred in my heart. ■ ' Ah !' I thought to myself, 1 the Great Spirit must be evil. If j ho were not evil such things would not Iwp'-J pen.': Thatis how'I thought theii. m'y tather, I now I think diftoreni'y. ..1 know that we had not found oul the path of the Great Spirit, that is all. I was a. chickon in those days-, iVty father ; afterwards I got used t.i such sights. They did not stir me any more, not a bit.. But then in the days of Chaka j the rivers ran blood—yes, we had tn jaos at the water'to see i£ it «>as rteAtl before we drank. People learned ho\v to die then and riot make a noise about it. What does it matter" They would have been dead now anyway. It does not matter; nothing matters, except being born. That is a mis take, my. father. Yve stopped at the'kraal that nighty but We could not sleep, foe we heard the ttoVigo, the ghosts of the dead people, liioving about and calling each othcV. It was natural that they should do-so ; men were looking for their' wifes, and mothers for their children. But we were afraid that they might 1,>e Aligry with us for being there, rrd w'e clung .to gether and trembled i'ri each other's arms. Koos also tronlbled, and from time to time he hewksd loudly. But they did not seem to see us, and towards morning their cri'03 grew fainter. When the first light came we. rose and picked our way through the dead down to the plain. Now we had an easy road to follow to Ohaka's" kraal, for there was the' spoor of the Impi and of the cattle which • they had stolen, and sometimes we came to the body of a warrior who had been killed because his wounds prevented him. from marching farther. But now I was doubtful whether we would go to Chaka,for after what we had seen I grew afraid le3t he should kill us. Still, had nowhere to turll, so I said that we would walk along till . something happened. Now we grew fatlit with liunger and weariness, and Bfueica said that we had. better sit dowh and die, for then thero would be no more trouble. So we sat down by a spring. But I did not wish to die yet, though Baleka was right, and it would have been well.to do so. As we sat, tlio dog Koos went to a bush that was near, and presently I heard him spring at something arid the sound of struggling. I rati to the bush—ho had caught hold of a duiker buck, as big as him-, self, that was asleep in it. Then I drove iriy spear into the buck and shoutod for joy,. for hero was food. When the buck was dead I skinned him, and we took, bits of tho flesh, washed them in the water, and ate thein, for we had no fire to cook them with. It is not nice to eat uncooked flesh, but wo yreie so -hungry that we did not mind, and strength came back to us from' the. food. When we had eaten what we could, we rose and washed ourselves at the spring ; but, as we washed Baleka looked up "and gave a cry of fear. If or there, on the crest of the' .hill,..about~„ten. spears'-thrbws away, - was a party of six armed men, and these. men people of my tri bo—children of my father' Makedama— who still pursued us to take us_ or_?l?y us. They saw us—they raised;a sh6ut, ;aridlbegan to run. We too sprang upand ran—ran like a buck, for fear had touched our.f.eet. Nov.-, the land lay thus. Before, us the ground was open and' sloped ' down to . the banks of the White Umfolozi, which twisted through tlie plain Tike a.great and;shining snake. On the other side the ground rose again, and we did not know what . was beyond, but we thought that in this direction lay the kraal of Cliaka. We ran for tlie river—where else were we to run ? And after us came the warriors. They gained on (us ; they were strong,' jind. ' they _werej angry because they lia'd' come so far... Run as we would," still they gained. ■ Now wo rieared the I banks of the river ; it' was ' full and wide. Above us the water ran angrily, breaking into swirls of white wliere tliey passed over sunken rocks : below was a rapid, in which nunc might live ; between tho two a deep pool,1 where the water was quiet but.the sfcrsam strong. .; • " . , - ' , - * „ ,' Ah ! my brother, what .shall w« do i gasped Baleka. . - : . 'There is this to choose/ I answer.ed j ' perish on the spears of our people or try tho river.' . 'Easier to die by water than on. iron, she answered. . ' ■ ' Good I said. ' Now 'may' our snakes took towards us and tho spirits of,our fathers bo with us ! At'the least'Wo can swiin'.1 And I lead her to the head' of the pool. Wo threw j away; our blankets—everything except an I assegai, which I held in my teeth—and ire plunged in, wading as far as we could. Now we were up to our breasts ; now we had lost , tho earth, and were swimming towards the middle of the river, the dog Koos leading tho •way. Then it was that the soldiers appeared upon the bunk. 'Ah! little people,' one cried, 13'ou swim, do you ? Well, you will drown ; and if you do not drown we know a ford, and wo will catch you and kill you— yes ! if wo run over tho edge of the world | after you we will catch you. And he hurled an assegai after us, which foil between us like a flush of light. Novr we swam hard, and now wtMVife iu the current-. It BWi-yt Us dnwnwaiVls, but still vfe made Way,'for we could swim well. It wa's just tliis; if.wis .could reach the bank before l^e .welro swept ihttf the rapids we were 'Safe \ if not, then—good-night ? Now Ave were near the other side, but, alas !■ wo wore' also near'the -lip of the foaming water'.' We strained, we struggled. B.ik-kawrfsfa brave girl, and eIio swam bravely ( ljufc the iVater pushed her doffff'bclow tnej1 iiiid l' tfffuld'do nothing, to help heri rgot-iiiy foot Upon the; rock and lb'dfeed l'oiind. There she was, and tight; psces from liec the broken water boiled.. L.could not go ha.ck.s. I was/tcw-;veakf>and it seerued^hafi she must; perishi1 the dttg: Kiius saw. Ho awam-to liel1 .bni- ltiiigj then! turned^ round heading for tliii fthnrih, She: grasped him by the tail'tilth H'aV right hand. .Then ho. ijti't bAfc Mi fetehgth;—he; wnq very! 'slr<)n<?i .he too struck with her-fuefaiid? her left ha);d, atid slowly—very slowly—drew! ue.ir. Then I stretchcd out the handle of j my assegai towards lier." She caughfcit' witlij her left.hand. Already her .feet, .Were,,oyer; the brink of the rapids, but I. pulled nnd! Kaos pulled, and. we. brought her Brtfe into( the shallows, and frqtn the. shallows to the; bank, and'there shfe feir^istiingi ' . Now-, wlieh t^ic aoHieis 011 tno other bank saW fcKrtt wbiliact pross.edjtlioy shouted^ threats-' At U3," then ran a'way down the: bank. ' Arise, Baleka !' I said ; 'they have gone1 to seek a ford.' - - ii •'•Ah; let m'c die ! she'answered; . ... ' j ButT forced her .rise, and afteVa , while her strength'crtine backi'alid We iValkiid tin as fust as we coulflilip.thb lollg rise. For two hours we Walked, or more, till at last we' catlioio,thetcrest of,the /rise; andjthere, far: away,- we Saw a larger kraal.: - 5 - ' Keep hcart,| I said.r i'See,, thore is tho kraal of Chakiii*-; . Xes,. brother,'she a"nswefedi l|jUt frhat waits us,there ?.DeatK is V>e!)hld us' injd'be fore us—wo are luthe middle' of de*th-.' Presently we ciimo: to a, fan to tho kraal from the ford of the .Umfqlo^i, ..It was by it tliftt the Impi „U'ad trAVellejrll. We followed the ^latlt till it last #14 ftero but half an holy's .jpttritojr fi'om the kraal. Then we locked back, and lo ! there behind .us"were the pursuers—five of them—one had been drowned crossing the river. ! AgainWo ran, but now wo were weak, and ! they, gained.upon.-us.' '.Then? once. more I j thought of the dog. yfto wa^.fioree and,wc>ul,d ;i tear anyone o>» Uvhom''1 set. him. I; called him ana told jiin) whati tf* do, tlidilgh I knew thi^t^t WoVlid.lje.his death. He - understood, 'and flew towards the soldiers growling,1" his. hair standing lip upon his back. They'.tried , to kill him with ..speaW and kerriesj but he 'jumped round'thom^ biting.at tliem, and ikepttheuvbnefr.-- ?A6 lastJa'nian hit him, and h® Spring up and seized him by the throat. .There he'Clung; man and dpgrollinprover ahd, •over together, till tlietnd.of.it was ..they both Idied together^ Ali'?he Wasa dog!'We do not see such .dogs, nowadays., His. father, - was a .Boer hound/ the first that came info the country. That dog once killed-a leopard all by himself. Well, this was the end of Koos ' Meanwhile, we had been running. Now we were but three hundred .paces from the gate of the kraal; land there' hvSlr something going Wft Inside it; that we could see from the noise'a'nd dust., ' The^'fouj' soldiers, leav ing tfye dead'do'g'and the dyings mail, .."cauie after iis swiftly. , I; saw .that. they must; catch us before we .rciichedj; the,. g^t«,r..{oc ,n«»w. Baleka'couUl go bub sloyjly. Then a thought came into my.heilrt. .1, had brought her hero, I wtittld. save her life if'I could. - Should she teaclillie kraal.withouti-me; 'Chaka Wbuld not kill a'girl -who was''so young and fair. • '-Run on.'Baleka ! run ori.H I- said, 'drop ping behind. .Now she was; well nigh blind with weariuess and terror; and, not seeing my purpose, staggoved towards the. gate of the krh'al: ;But I sat dowri- on the;1 ]vel'd,t 'to. Sit-rfiy. breath .again, for. I-'was.about.to. fight j four men till Iwas; kill,ed. My heart beat and my blood drumrhed in-my ears, but when | they drew near and I rose—the assegai in my hand—once nu.*ro tho red cloth seemed to go up mid UVj\Yu .before uiy eyes,- anclall [caT lef j. me. - ■ ■ I if. i i Tuo M6n were running, Uvo and two, with the length of a. spear-throw between them'. 3ut of the first pait one Avas' five of- sixpaces in front of the other-. • IHiiS li'inn shouted out loud ahd 'rtle, Sniilii and bpo.v up. No\V\ I \iad fto shield—nothing but. the asse gai ; but I was crafty and he was over-bold. On he came'.' I sto-id'waitiug for him till he drew back tho spent to stab me. Then sud denly 1 dropped to my kneea and tlirust ,upT ward with all joy strength beneath the rim of ; his shield j and he. also thjUsb, bUt uV'ei' me, his Bpeftr only cutting tli'c Hesh of my shoul der^3ee •! hOl-.e.-is its scar yes, tooth's day. And my assegai ?'Ah ! it went homo ; it ran .through and through his middle. He rolled over and ovor on theplain. 1 Tlie dust hid him ; only I was uow wpriponldta; for the shaft of niy H\it Vliglit1 throw ing H&s;'ijg^i—nroko in two, leaving nothing but a little bit of stick in my hand.' Aiicl the other one was on mo ! He looked bill as a tree above me. I was already, de-id ; there was no hope for me. Darkness opened to swallowme, , Then in therdarkness-I saw 'a light.' I fell on to my' hands and knees and flung myself over sideways;* -My body struck the legs of the man who was about to stab me, lifting his feet from beneath him. Down ho came.heavily. Before he'had touched the ground I' was off it. His. spear had fallen from his hand;, I stooped, seized if, and as he' rdse' I stabbed him through the buck.. It was all done in the,shake ofa .leaf, .my father.. In the shake of a leaf he nl30 wis dead.. Then I ran,' for I bad no stomach for the other1 tvro i • my. valour was gore. About a hundred paSes from me Baleka was stilgg'oring along-with her arms out like one who has drank too-much beer. By the time I:caught her I was aom'e forty paces from the gate of the kraal. But then hei strength "left her altogether. Yes! . there she fell senseless, and I' stood by_ her. And there;< too, I .'shpuld liave been slain had not this chanced, since the-other tjvo men, having stayed, oiw . instant by their dead fellows,, came on against me mad with wrath. Forat that moment the. gate of the kraal opened, and through it ran a party of soldiers ;drag-. •ging a man by the arms;; ; After theni walked' a great man; who wore a -loopard skin'on his shoulders, and was laughing, and witli him . were five or six ringed councillors, and after them again cahie A.cbmp'any-of warriors. . The soldiers saw that killng was going on, 'and ran up just as the slayers reached us. ' Who are you.?! they cried, 1 who d.iro to kill at the gateVif the Elepliant'B kraal 1 Hero tbo.ltlepluint liills .aloue.' ; - Wo.iire of...t,h.o childrea of. Makadema,' they answered, f aiid wo follow these evil doers wh'otave.done wickedness and murder • in quri:krnal;" See;! but'now two of us are dead :' V.t their / hands,' and others lie dead alorig'the'road.";; Suffer that we slay them.' •'Ask 'that of 'tho Elephant,' said the soldiera; '.ask too that- he suffer you should not be slain:'"-'' ' Just'then'the tall chief saw blood and. heard, woids'. He; afcilked up; and he was a great!,man;,:to, see, ; though still youngin years. For lie was tallec.by a head than aily round him,;,attd'his^'client * was big asjhe chests of two: his face was fierce and_ beauti ful, and when ho grew angry-his eye flashed like a smitten brand. • ' Who are these that dare to stir up-dust at the gates of my kriial V he asked frown ing. ' ' G Chalca, O Elephant -1' answered the captain of the soldiers, throwing himself to the earth._before, .him,the.men -say that these are evildoers and that they pursue them to'kill them.' Good !' lie answered. 'Let them slay the evildoers.' ' O great chief ! thanks' .to to theo, great clii'ef11'.said thore \vho sought to slay us. ' I hear you,' he answered, then spoke onco more to the captain. ' And when they have slain the evildoers,: let t hemselves be blinded and turned loose .to seek their way home, because they have dared to lift a spear within the Zulu gates. : Now praise on, my children !' and he laughed, while the soldiers murmured, ' Oil ! he is wise, he is great, his justice is bright and terrible like the sun !' But the two men cried out in fear, for this they did not seek. ' Cut out their tongues also,1, said Chaka. ' What 1 shall the lane' of tho Zulus suffer such H noise ? Never ! lest the 'cattle mis carry. To it, ye Mack ones ! There lies tho girl. She is asleep and helpless. Slay her ! What 1 you hesitate ! Nay, then, if you will have time for thought, I will givo it. Take these men, smear them with honey, und pin them over ant-heaps; by to-morrow's suri they will know their own minds. But first kill these two hunted jackals,'and he pointed to Baleka and myself. ' They seemed tired and doubtless they long for sleep.'- • . " ; V . Then for the first time • I spoke,' for the soldiers drew near to slay us. - ' O Ohnka,' I cried, ' I am Mopo, and this ie ray MBterBnleko.' I stopped, and a great shoufc of laughter went up from a31 who st<j<.d round; . 1 VerJ' well; Mojio iind thy siistei- Eiiielin,' fi;nd Cliaka, grimly. , ' Good inori i ig to you, -Mopo and Baleka—also, good-night !' ' O Chaka,' I broke in, ' I am llopo, son of Mitkedama of tho L'vngeni tribe. It v.ai £■ who'grtvo^thee'ii goard'of'wstef nfii'ify years;' ago, when wo -both wcte little. :-^Ehliri tb'ou bndest nie 'come"'to '■ thee tvhbii thou " h.idst •gWWit" that ;'tho"u~ wouldst. protect me and never dO'^nio harm. " So 1 have come, bringing my sister with nie ; and now, I pray thee, do not oit up the words of long oflo.' '■ \ • 'i,i \ J' As 1 spoUe) ;Ghnka's face changed; nntt lie listchedjeniptegfci,y;iiii3 a iKSnit.\ylTo •tioids.h'.s ii.-iiiii beliititi )iis. ear. r.' 3,'ljose arc no lies,' lie said. "' \Yelcomc, Mopo ! Thou shaltbe a de-g in my hiifc,: and feed"from niy bind'.' But of tliy'';8isfer I ^soid- lihitliihg;'1'- Why,'' then, should sbe' not/ lio. sl.im" tvh'en I swore vcngcnuco against; all thy tribe, save thee alone V ' ', • . . ' Because stiuis >00 fair to elhy,' O Chief !' t alisWered, boldly; 'also bc- causo I loVt hor, and JielHifei as u .' Tur»,tiiH.|Ldfcl oV'erj' SaidiObalia j aiid they did so, showing Iier fiios. •' Agiiiii thou 3j)aafcest jio lie/ sotVof Make damn,' said;:the chief.. ' I grant" thee thy boon. '-.Sshe also'.: pliall' lie, in my hut, and be of the number'of my sisters.' Now tell me thy talo.tspoakiiig'.'ohly'the trutli7 So r'sftcH^iVn and told'h'iiii 'all:'' did he grow,weary of hyiukoiliiig... But, AViien 1 had done,' ho said but but one thing—t.hat he wi iuld that the , dog Koos hud - not -been lulled ; since, if he had still been alive, ho woulcLbave* set 'him an the '/hut iol my fnthdr Makodsma; >nd.iuadel hiriv dltief"* over tUtt tmnaeht. .'"vi 5 f'i i• s£ c' Theli hest>oko to tHe'6aptKin rifJtiiG soldiers; . 11 takd'badkiny'..?yorM/ih^'gjitV./c ^ Lot not fchese riieu of thd Langeni be niuHlated'. One . shajl didrtud tjie utherahrili go;> freS. Here,' drid he jioipttd to tlio imin woMiad 'seen led ; Out tif thfe krnfll gate:.'Hero;..Mipo; wShave i A- iilaif Mil Has proved. hitiiself a downrd.i Yesterday kratvl-of wizards y.mdor was eaten up by my order—perhaps yui) two saw Jit as you travelled. This man and'th^ee others ] attacked a soldier1 of the kraal who' defended his, wife and. children.' 'The man fought*well —lie slew three of mv people. Thon this dog was afraid to meet him faeu to face. /'Hu slefyhim WitlvAithtoWiug assegai, itud after . iiUrds He ii&bti;&l; the >f ontitii. ' lhak'U noth ing ;.but he should have killed the husband hand to hand! Now I will do him'honor.; ; He shall Bght to the: death with one of these I'pisjs from'thy sty;'-and hp pointed' with his -spear to tile meti'of uiy fathers's lcrralT and 'hewlio survives shall bo run dowiv as they ' tried to run you down. The other pis; I; will send back1 i&thfc; sty wittv'a messnge'. 'Choose, ■children' of- M&kedama;,. which of 'you will jiiv«,' . . ;i. r | ' Now, 'ther two'.men of ,my ..tribe were 'brother?,;and loved p'no;another, and, eaoh; of jtliem was willing to die that the other might' go free. Thqreforej; both • of them stepped forward, saying that thoy would fight the Zulu. ■ . i ' What, i* tharo hohor among • pi^h ?' said Chaka. "then I will settle it. Seo this assegai ? " I - threw -it into : the air"; if the blade falls uppermost the'Slill man 'shall go free; if tlia sh'iffc'.falls'tippermostj; then life is to"the'short .oiic. so 1'. ,'^ijd.lie.sent' tlie little; Bpcar whirling round and round in the air. Every eye watehed it .hs it wheeled and fell. The ,shaft stfuek ,the; ground fiwtj s .! ' i > \ '■Coine'hitlitl-,' thou,' said Ohakti-totho'tall brother., '.'Hasten- back , to. - the ' kraal 'of Makedama(> and ; Bay:.-to . him, . Thus says Chaka, the Lion »• of - tlia! Zulu-ka-Mnbindehi, J Years ago thy tribe-'refused iqe milk. To day the dog of thy son Mopo howls upon the roof of thy hut.'' 'Beguntj !:TT : •;> " The man'turned, shook: his brother by the hand, and wont, bearing .the words; of evil omen. . ' Then .Ghakft BKlle'd-fc'rJ tiio kulu' and the last (jr tliose who had; followed us *■* bidding '-pghf.^ So,, when. they. Had pva;sed the prince'; tliqy foiigkt. fiercely, :and the eiid of it was that the man of my people slew the Zulu. But iis Boon its lie found his breath lis ,vSs Sent to. rtin,..fqr his iifet and after him hiii i|ve chosen men. ; /■: • Still, it .came about that he outran- them, .doubling .like ft hwo and got away" safely. Nor was Chaka Angry at this ; -for ,T'think that ho bade the men who hunted him to make speed slowly. ■ There was this good thing only in the cruel heart of Chaka, that he rwoilld always'save the life.of a brave mail if hp ni^Ut Without illaking iiis word nothing. Ah'u lor my part, I was «lad to thilik that the man of mj^ people had slain him wh-i hud murdered the children of.-tlie dying woman that we found, afc the kraal beyond the' river. , • . . ' CHAPTER,V. ... •'..Mojo peeoM&i; iMjj 'JCaM'S. JBdc%6ft! These, then; my father, were the events that ended in the coming of m'e, M<ipo,' and of my Bister Baleka to the kraal of Chain', tho Lion, of .ttfe .Zulu.'. "Now, you. may., ask why havi! X.kept you so long with: this, tale, which is as are other tales of our people. But this shall be seen, for. from these matters, as -a tree from a seed,'prow the birth of Unijlo pbgaas Bulalio. Umslopogiias the Slaughterer,; arid Nada the Beautiful, of wlx.se love my story has to ' tell. For Nada was ray daughter, and Umslopogaas, though few knew it,\was none other than the son of Chaka/b'prh of my sister Baleka..,:. , Now, when Baleka ' recovered from7 the ' weariness of our flight, and her beauty came back to her, Ghaka took her to wife, number-, ing hey among his .ttoiilail, whom. lfe liamed^ hin/'sis-ters.' And;mo Cjhaka took'to be one of his doctors, of. his 1 izmyanga ' of medt-i cine; and he was so well pleasod' wilh my: medicine that in the end I becamo his head doctor. Now this was a great prist,'in which, ; during the courao of years, I ;jgrew fat .iri' cafitle and in wiv.es ; but also'it was", one, of much danger. For w.heri I,rose strong, and: well iu tho. morning, I could never know: but that at night I should sleep stiff and led.: Many were,tho doctors whom- .Chaka sleijr. doctored .thoy never so well, they were slain; at last. For a'day would surely como when; t-lio king folt ill in his body or heavy iii' his mind,'and-then to the assegai or the torment with the wizard who had doctordd hini ! Yet T escaped, because of'the'power of my. medi- , cine, and also because of that oath which' Chaka had sworn to mo as a' child., So it came about that where tho king wont there I wont with him. I slept near his hut, I sat ' behind him at council, in,the .battle I was evor afc his side. : Ah! the battle!—the; battle! In those days we knew how to.fight, my father ! In! those days the vultures would follow, our' impis in thousands, tlie hyenas would steal along our piath in packs, ". and norio I wont empty away. Never may I forget the first i fight I stood in at the side of Chaka. It was just after the king had built', hia."great kraal on the south bank rif the: Umhlatuzb. Then it was that the. chief Zwide attacked.his rival Chaka for tho third time. Chaka moved out to meet him- with ten full regiments*, nwv for the first time armed him' with 'the short stabbing-spear. '"*/ The grcund lay thus : On a long low hill in front of our impi were massed the regi ments of Zwide ; there were seventeen of them; the earth was black with their number : their plumes filled the' air like snow. We, too, were'on a hill, and between us lay a valioy down which therts ran. a little stream. All night our fires shone out across the valley ; all night the songs of 6oldiers echoed down the hills. Then tho grev dawning came, the oxan lowed to the light, the regiments awoke from their bed of spears, they sprang up and shook the dew from hair and shield—yes ! they awoke ! the glad to die ! The impi assumed its array regiment by regiment. Thcro was the breast of spears, there wero the horns of spears, they were numberless as the stars,and as stars they shone. The morning breeze came up and fanned them, their plumes bent in the breeze; like a plain of seeding grass they bent, the plumes of the soldiers ripe for the assegai. Up.over the shoulder of the hill came the sun of Slaughter ; it glowed red upon the red shields ; red grew the place of killing ; the white plumes of chiefs wero dipped in the blood of heaven. Ti'ey know it ; they saw tho omen of death, and ah ! they laughed in the joy of the waking of battle. What was death ? Was it not well to dio on the spear ? What was death ? Wa3 it not well to die for the king? Death Was the. arms of Victory. Victory should bo their bride that night, and oh ! her breast is fair. Hark! the war-song, the 'Ingomo,' rose far away to tho left, and was thrown along from regiment to regiment—a rolling ball of Eound— 'iAmong the Zulus it is a very bad omcu for n, dog to climb the roof of a hut. Tho saying coiu'ejcd a threat to be appreciated by every Zulu.- En. ; *Al}out 30,000 men.—Ed. Wo_aro tho king's kine, bred to bo slaughtered, I Von, too, lire oilo of us I _ V/u avu tlio Zulu, children of the Lion, . _ ' What 1 did fan ti'smWe 7 Suddenly C'hitka appeared stalking t.hl'oiigh the rinks,' followed by his. captors, his indiums, and by mo. He vralkbtl uldilg-like '.i greafcrbtick,death was in his eyes,"and like a buck he sniffed the air, scenting tho air of -Hlniighter. -He lifredhis assegai, and a silence fell; only the sound of chanting still rolled ra!onjf th'O hills'. ■:■■■■ . < ■■ ':Wl\ore Are tho children of "Zwide ?' he shouted, and his voice • was the voice of a buii.-,. ■ 1 Yonder) father,' answered, the. , regi ments, aiid every spear ipoihtod across the , :;VT1.%'d" iiofc ;conie,, -lid shouted ajMin. ' Shall wo thbn sit here till we^ro.w old 1' 'No, lather,' they, answered. . ' Begin ! begin!' .'•>!»*•? it *' «.* 'L.t the Umkandhlu- regiment come forward !' i he shouted u third ,time, and as lft spoke the. black shields of tho- Umkandhlu leapt from'the 'ranks* af.-the iiiipi/ ; ; ' Go, 111/ children I' cri'od-Clmii.'i.' 'There is the,foe. $0 and' t«tu'rnnnd-moip.J,:lrj , ' We hoar/r.you,,,fe»thVril'.;the^ -answered jvitll.ps.e^wce,- and moved down ^the ' slope liiitf neotiildess li&rdof; garfle'wi'Ji. horns of steel.""' _ J Npw they crossed the stream, liiia titivt Zivide awoke. A murmur-iveiit through his c unp.mips ; line3 of light played 'above his spears. . ,'V-i . ' Ou ! thebaic \Coiuirig.I TOu.t'^they have mat,! -Hearken to cha thunder of thq shields! Hearken to'the:Spii« of battle ! .■ , • ; To and fro they, swing.. The Umkandhlu yives-^it flios 1 They pour sback>. across tho stream—half of them ; the rest are dead. A howl of r.i^e goes up from the host, only Chr.lta smiled, - - ' Open up I open' up !' Ud Ci'iija. .' Mukc. roiim"' foi5' th<i:tjiiilt^xidhiti' with Kiiiigiiig lieads'uliOy.belniid U3.- , ^.Tlien'he whispers a word- fc(J:th8 .iniiildai.' Tlie imindiiSfun ; they Whisper to MenjinVa the.gener.ii aiiii; id the caffjsins ; then two I rfeyimeiits. rush down'the hill,' t\V'q r/rore fiin' ! t(< tile sigH6,vah~d yei anoiher. {wote the left. ' But OliiiUa stays on fih'c- Kill wltti th'o threo i that .are lefhv- Agiinicomes thet roai' of £jje I meeting shields. Ah I'those'a re men they they do hot run.1 ' Regiment after j regiment poiii's upon thein, but 'still they i stand. They fall by hundreds and by ,thou •saVi'fls't'lb'tifc DO.iDtu'i shows. Ilia back, and \in i $i$i{&an; , there , 1 ie, t wo. 1 d end. \Yq \v I my .father, ut those two; regiments not onoescaped. ,They wore but bovs, but thoy wera the chil dren of Chaka. Menziwu tf.-is buried beneath tlie.'hBapsof his-'Varrlors: Nutfr thete rtte'.no, 'alien liieii? ^ i They are all dead and quiet. Chaka Scill 'liold.5 his timid I Ho looks tb' the north tint! :to the south. See! spears are shiriihg; among ■ tlie'trees.' Now the horns of our host close iupqn the fluuks of the, foe... They .slay and: are.sUiu, ljut.thfr men of Zivide are many and ibrayej. and^thc battle turiis against us. 1 . I Then agaiti Oliaka /speaks a word. Th'o captains hear, the soldiers itretch out their jnocKs to listen. . , Ithas eomo'at last. - ' Charge 1 Children of. theZulii : ' . " l . . . • The't'e la a roaf,'ft thutidcc of feet. a flashing of'spears, a bending of plumes, and,likb a. nyur' that has burst its bank's, like 'lightning blonds tefore the gale, we i sweep down upon friend, and fob. 3?liey forhv up to tjiteefc fa ! the strairii is past; our woiiiuled; i'isfe' liplm iheir hamiehes arid wavp us on. ,t We trample them down. ,. Whiit matter ?. They, can fight' ho.more.-: Then we met Zwide rushing"to gceefc us/as- bull meets bull. Ou ! iny father I know no more. Everything growsred. That fight"'! that fight] 1'ifc' was fi fray te die.in.} We ijwepb'thein fl/it. When it' ri-as done tii'ejje.was nothing to be seen, lint the hillside was black find red. Few fled ; fowwere left to fly. We pagscd:Over thein.liko fire we' ate'theni up; Presently we paused; looking .(oi the'foe., All Were deiWi,,;iHio.hdst ot^witib fio tBuiio. fheri ,we'/nivistered. ; !Tan; regiments had .Cvkcu-iipuii tiia ■ momii^gr"sufi-|?lhTfe&,*-'teti* meiits saw the sun sink the' rest 'had gone .whfcr.e. no 3un:shines. ~ *t 1 Such, were our . battles in the'days of Chaka !. . . ~ "■ J You nakof tliB pmkaMhlu reainiCiHt which fysd. I -wiil'tuil y.ju. •. Wlfe&.Hffe ftsiliiieu 6Ur kraal once more, Chaka summoned that regi ment and mustered' it. He' spoke to them gently, gently. He thanked them'for their service. He' sciitl it was natural, that ' girls' should faint -it this sight 6f blood arid " turn to s^ek tlieir kraals, Yet ho had bid them come back no t'\ore and they had eornci back ? What then .was fcliei-e now loft loir hirii to do f And he covered : his f.ice with his., blanket. Then the soldiers slew them all, nearly- two thousand of them—slew them with taunts and; -jeers..:... .. 1'hat is howwe dealt with cowards ill those' days; iny father. •# After that, on'e .Zulo wag a match for five of any other/ tribe.'" If ton' came dgiiiiiSt liiin, still lie .iiibficft' jitit hi* hack. 1 Fight and fall, but fly not;,' that \vt* our watchword. . Never ngaiii while Chaka lived did a conquered force pass the gates of the kind's kraal. Thafcfightwas butonewaroutof many ..With .ovjary liiuuii a fresh impistarted..to...wash its spuiirs, i'rid came .back few and thin, butwith victory and countless cattle. ''-Tribe after tribe went down bsforo us. Those of them who escaped the assegai were "enrolled into fresh regiments, and thus, though won' died by, thousands every month, yet the army grew. .-..Scion thrrowere no ■ other chiefs left. CJmsuduka fell, and after him Mancengeza. Umzilikazi was driven north ; Mali watte was .stamped flat.; Then we poured into Natal. Whe.niwo eritotedi its people could not be htimbered. Wiien fro. Wt; liefti ftntl there a man/might be found hidden in a hole in' tiifj earth — that was all; Men; women,, and children; we wiped thbm oiit; the liilid wils clean ' of; them. Next came thli turn of U'Faku; chief of the Aniapondos, Ah ? wherb is t J Faku now ? ' And so it went on and on, till even the Zulus wqary of war, and tho sharpest assegais grew blunts I ;-.; (Tohtc.ontin.wh) . Tub ,Growth of Stbamshu's.—It is , a wonderful fact in (.he swift expansion of. mechanical knowledge and appliances of clie ■List hundred years that while for unknown: ages the wind was the only propelling force' 'used for purposes of vavigation, apart from the'rude application of power through oars worked by men, the whole scheme of steam transport has grown, practically, to its pre sent wonderful perfection within the lifetime ' of men yet living. Of course the idea, as is that of all great inventions, was one..of. slow growth. It cropped up at various stages through the eighteenth century, and thero are faint evidences of groping in this direction ' iff (ihe .later part of the seventeenth- ; but these' latter were not much more definite than the embodiment of the idea of the telegraph in Puck's girdle round the earth, and the evi dence that men really thought of propelling boats by steam is very meagre until we come to the pamphlet written by Jonathan Hulls, in 1737, in which lie gave utterance to a very clear and - distinct idea iu the matter. It struggled through a very backward infancy of fifty years and more, certain memorable names appearing now and then to'help it along,'as that of Walt (without whoso im provements in the steam-engine it must still have remained in swaddling-clothes), Fitch, lJc Jouffroy, llumsej', Kmyington, and finally Fulton, who, however much he lhay'have learned from his predecessors, has unquestionably the credit of putting afloat the first commercially successful steamboat. Ho is thus worthy of all the honor accorded him ; much of it came too late, as he died at tbo comparatively early age of fifty,, after. | passing through the harassmenta which seem | naturally to lie in the path of the innovator, j —" Ocean Steamships : A Popular Account of their Construction, &c.;" Lu'is Afthr Fokty.—The best half of life is in front of the man of forty, if ho bo any thing of a man. The work he' will do will bo done with the hand of a master, and liot of a raw apprentice. The trained intellect does not see ' men as trees walking,' but sees . everything clearly and in just moasuio. The ' trained temper does not rush at work like a blind .bull at a hay stack, but advances with the calm and ordered pace of conscious power and deliberate determination. To no man is; the world so new, and the future so fresh, as to him who has spent the early years of his manhood in striving to understand the deeper problems of science and life, and who has made some headway toward comprehending them. To him the commonest tilings are rare and wonderful, both in themselves and as parts of a beautiful and intelligent whole.. Such a tiling as stalenessi" life and its duties he cannot understand. Knowledge is always opening out before hitn in '-wider expanse's and more commanding heights, The pleasure of .growing knowledge and increasing power makos evory-year of his life; happier ^nd I more hopeful than the last. 