UNSRINE AFTER CLOURS. y Copyright.) By an M.D. luthnr of u Under a Spell," " Victoria Cro33 " Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," &c.; &c.; CHAPTER VII. gerald grav's perplexities. The instant I became aware that Le Maitre had itered the room, I threw aside Julie's caressing irin arid jumped to my feet. By this .time the i'n- -.ruler had disappeared and had softly closed the ioor behind him, leaving me to -.the uncomfortable eflection that he would be able to draw all sorts of long conclusions ' from. the affectionate attitude which lie. had foiind me with 'his iiiece. I seemed 'horn unto trouble, even as the sparks fly upward," so constantly did an adverse fate pursue me. My friendship for this very beautiful girl was n purely I'latinic one, and I had not so much as breathed a single word which she could construe into a warmer feeling than that of a great, interest in - her welfare. was, moreover, angry with myself, for the late icene made ine appear as a traitor to Etlicl, whose weet love I would die for rather than forfeit by uch a compromising action as this. I ..was about co pour some of the vials of my wrath upon J alio, b it as I glanced at her, her piteous look and the rich red blushes that suffused her face and neck dis poned me. "I trust that you have not mistaken my friend ship for a warmer feeling ?" I. said, more gently than .- i had. intended. "No doubt your affectionate in- t-rost in me induced ybutotreatnie as a sister w mid a brother." ! ; "Sister !" she exclaimed scornfully. "I would never be your sister ! I tell ybii again v' that j I love :'you . ts a betrothed does heri future; husband. . Do riot, t 'ink harshly of nie for hiy conduct in casting aside, all the conventionalities of society, hut until you j-uriii here I had never seen .a true gentleman- rue in heart and. manners— and I could . riot let you go out of my life." " You ca niiot: mean what you ,say. . , Retract your words so that 1 may not, have to reject jhur appeal." "1 am tei'rihiy in earnest," she answered wildly. 'Ah, Gerald, have pity 011 me !" "Have pity 011 ma !" I retorted. "Do not force ma 0 humiliate you by words which will cut you to the quick." ,-r "I cdfe not what you:? say, as long as you love ne." " You compel me to tell y ou that it. is not in my tower to give you my iiffection, for it; is "bestowed ipo 1. another lady!" 1..', "Ah yes, I know," 'she, murmured. "It is Miss Hrandon ! She is very beautiful; but she lias not the force of character' that I have. . She would make you an ordinaiy wife whose whole soul would be wrapped up ii'i 'domestic affairs. Rut I have ambi tion, which coilld elevate the man I love to the highest pinnacle of fame. If I were your wife, CJvrald, your lot should be raised beyond the petty meannesses of household worries, nd you should soar as a god above men." " How could you have heard of Miss Brandon ? " 1 asked, astonished that the niece of a gambling- house keeper was so well posted up in my affairs. "T.iat is my secret," she replied. "But I have found out all I want to know about the man I love. Your past history, your being a prisoner on parole, even your penchant for Ethel Brandon are known to .110." "Then, being in the possession of all these facts, 'o you think you were justified in endeavouring to upj larit Miss Brandon ? Can you reconcile your action with your sense of honour ? " "Honour!" she. exclaimed scornfully. "Do you .think I pause to weigh my actions, when by so doing I might, lose the man I love ? You English have a proverb that ' All is fair in love and war. ' I liave gine to your nation to learn this lesson, and have s 1 profited by it that I would now stoop to anything to make you my husband ! " " Your words disenchant me," I answered, with a keen sense of disappointment that so much evil still lurked beneath such a beautiful exterior. "Yet 1 will save you from stooping to the dishonour able means you hint at,, by informing you of my emphatic intention of marryiug Miss Brandon, and no one else." "Ah, that girl, I hate her!" she exclaimed pas sionately. " I regret to hear you say so," I replied coldly. "As I see. that there is 110 further object to b gained by my staying here, I will wish you good day." I moved towards the door as I spoke, filled with anger at her bitter feeling for Ethel, but before I could open it she had thrown herself at my feet and seized my hands. " Do not leave me with anger in your heart !" she entreated. "I could not bear to think that you hated and despised me. Your good opinion is all the world to me, and if you will only promise to come back and be kind as you have always been, I will try to be worthy of it." Her distress seemed so genuine that my heart melted. I became as pliant as wax, and consented to continue my visits as if this unpleasant incident had never happened, and to treat her with the same deference as I would a sister ! Tiie quarrel being thus patched up, I was per mitted to withdraw from Julie's presence upon the understanding that I would present myself the next d iy. I was somewhat bewildered by the scene I had gone through, and was looking gladly forward to a walk in the bright warm air when Le Maitre approached me and begged the favour of an inter view. I assented, and accompanied him to his office, the door of whicli he carefully closed. "I congratu late you, Monsieur ! " he said, breaking the silence. "I congratulate you from the bottom of my heart, for you are well worthy of such good fortune." " May I ask why you are congratulating me ? " I inquired frigidly. "On account of your engagement to my niece Julie. She is an excellent girl, a pearl above price, a id had I not known your good character I should have refused to surrender her to you." " As you have not yet been asked to surrender her, your good wishes are a trifle premature," I replied sarcastically, for the man's vulgar familiarity was offensive. "Ah, yes ! But of course since I was unfortunate enough to surprise you in such a romantic situation, I guessed — in fact I saw " "Do not let your imagination run away with j-ou," I interrupted. "Few people are able to invariably trust the evidence of their own eyesight, and there- fare I advise you to place no credence upon what you thought you saw." "What' miserable trick are you attempting to play upon me ? " said Li Maitre angrily. " Did I not see you kueeling to Julie, with your arm round her neck ? What inference do you wish me to draw from such actions ? " "Simply what I said before — that the eyesight often cheats the understanding. However, to satisfy you, I assert that I do not love Mademoiselle Julie, and that consequently I ask neither for your con sent nor your blessing." " Sapristi ! " exclaimed the irate Frenchman. "Do iot think that I will accept your cold-blooded assor- ti in as sufficient explanation. You have yet to tell me how it was that I interrupted a scene replete with tenderness and love. If you are attempting to play my Julie false, I will tear your heart out of you, seelerat ! " "Any explanation you think necessary must imanate from your niece. As far as I am con cerned, I shall offer none." I spoke thus from a feeling of reticence at exposing Julie's want of self- restraint to this coai'se-mindcd gambler, though he was her uncle. Le Maitre worked himself up into a paroxysm of ury when he heard my answer. "You shall pay- early if I find you have been trilling with the : poor girl's affections," he gasped out. "Your con duct shall be exposed to the club, and every honourable man will avoid you like a pestilence. I therefore give you the opportunity of now declaring your intention of marrying Julie, and if you refuse your name shall become a scoff and a bye-word throughout Paris. I am not threatening beyond my power, so I await your decision." "I will not marry Julie," I replied. " And do not try t) assume such an odour of sanctity with me, for I happen to know a few anecdotes concern ing your antecedents which, if published, would suffice to ensure you a kicking from one end of the city to the other. I do not intend to prdiong this conversation any further, as it is neither profitable to you nor- to me." The volubility of Le Maitre's tongue assailed me until I had shut his office door on him.. I walked quickly out of the club, and arrived at Dubosque's chambers in an agitated condition of mind, partly due to indignation at the manager's insufferable behaviour and partly the result of a conviction that I had made a very perfect fool of myself. Notwithstanding my promise to J ulie I did not go near the club for -some days, for I did. riot care to face the insolence of Le; Maitre, who I felt sure would attack me on my next visit. After a week had elapsed, I received a note from- Julie expressing surprise at iriy having broken our compact, and begging me to call upon her that morning. Having convinced myself that I was a coward for breaking my word, merely because I wished to avoid an unpleasant meeting with Le Maitre, I once again began my visits to the "Cercle des Bohemiens, " and my friendship with Julie speedily settled down into its old footing. Ten days passed, and, strange to say, I did not once come across the uncle. I was inclined to attribute his avoidance of me to a sense of shame evoked by his having had a full explanation with Julie. I should very much have liked to ask her if this was the case, but I dreaded referring to the past for fear of stirring up anew her volcano of passion, which sundry little acts told me was not extinct, but slumbering. Nothing but a foolish ignorance could have . in duced me to monopolise daily the society of a girl who had expressed'such a dangerous affection foe me, but in my blindfolded youthfulness I continued to blunder into the snare uutil I was again rudely awakened by the reappearance of Le Ma!t;.e on the scene. This time he addressed me by letter; it was curt and to the poiut, and demanded an interview upon the subject .of my renewed addresses to' his niece! I was at breakfast with Dubosque when I read this, disagreeable epistle, and its contents so , annoyeKrie that I gave 'vent to an impatient ex-' - clamation as I brought its perusal to an end. My companion looked at me and asked the cause of my upset. For a moment I hesitated to tell liini of the trouble I had so innocently forged for myself ; then it occurred to me that sooner or . later I bright. be glad of afriend whose larger knowledge of life, would be invaluable, and I therefore threw the etter across the table and requested him" to read it. He gave a little mocking laugh as he folded it "p and returned it, saying, "You are to bo congratulated on being the first man who has succeeded 'in im parting some human softness to Julie's heart of stone. . There are many men who would give lialf their fortunes to be in your position." " "I assure you that I would willingly" part with half of mine to extricate. myself from it," Lroplied. " There spoke the cold-blooded Briton ! " said Dubosque, with an irritating -smile. " You have' been angling long and patiently enough for your fish, and when you have got it the excitement : vanishes, and you don't value it a rush. Having . succeeded in gaining the lady's affections, you now coolly assert that marriage is out of the question ! What is this equivocal position that Le Maitre found you in? Probably some of those .loving ... caresses that a gentleman only offers to a lady whom he intends to make his wife. That letter and your own words prove to me that you are try ing to play fast and loose with an orphan girl whose position is sufficiently difficult without your increasing its embarrassment in so heartless a manner." " You are driving me mad between you ! " I ex claimed. " How dare you iriipute tome such vile conduct when, you are fully cognisant of my unalter able attachment to Miss Brandon ? It almost seams as if you were all in a conspiracy to make me degrade myself by a low alliance with a broken- down gambler's niece." My words drove Dubosque into a perfect fury. Never before had I seen him lose such control over himself as he did now. His face became livid, and he took a few steps in my direction with clenched fists and an expression which clearly denoted liis intention of attacking me. But in another second his rage died out, and lie resumed his seat. "Bali, I am a fool!" he ejaculated. "Yet you should not insult the girl, for her father was a gallant soldier, and she has as good blood in her veins as you. To marry her is. to marry a lady of birth and education. As to your ridiculous idea about a conspiracy — it is not worth refuting, and Julie has plenty of noble lovers without you." "I cannot imagine how I drifted into this entanglement," I said, bitterlj-. "I admire Julie in many ways, but she herself well knows that my love belongs to another woman. I have broached this subject to you, hoping that with your experi ence of the world you might be able to suggest a course of action that will satisfy all parties and yet leave me free." " Every man who respects himself, and wishes to be respected, is bound by a rigid code of honour," said Dubosque. "A man who deliberately breaks a girl's heart merely to wile away his idle heurs, arid refuses the only reparation possible, puts himself outside the pale, and ceases to be a fit associate for honourable people." "My ideas of honour are as rigid as yours," I said, "but I fail to see how I have offended against the code. Such being the view I take of my own conduct, I shall write a brief note to Le Maitre declining to meet him at the ' Cercle. ' " "A letter such as that will bring you a challenge before the day is out," said Dubosque. "Le Maitre, whatever his faults, is a brave man, and will not sit quietly under the affront you have offered to his family." "Nevertheless, I shall . write the letter," I answered decidedly. "Anything is better than- being baited in Le Maitre's trap." "You are an enigma !" exclaimed my friend. " Here you have the choice of two things. One is a lovely, bright, clever wife; the other is a bullet fired by a dead shot. Yet you reject the brilliant prospect of matrimony, and choose the almost cer tain fate of extinction ! " "Better that than Ethel Brandon should deem me false ! Ah, promise me that if matters should coine to the dark ending you so glibly prophesy, you will convey a letter to her, and that you will tell her I chose death rather than dishonour ? " " Of course I will do that, should you decide upon such a stupid method of arranging your affairs," replied Dubosque in a voice that seemed to hesitate. "I ought to settle everything in expectation of a duel," I continued." I will therefore occupy the rest of the day in writing letters. Ah, I have one more favour to ask you. Will you be my second ? " Dubosque turned his face from ine as I asked the question. "I cannot !" he answered in a shaking voice. "What!" I exclaimed, very much hurt at this point blank refusal. "Will you, the only friend I liave in France, desert me in my hour of need ? Surely you must have some very weighty reason for declining ?" '?I have!" he replied. " Do you object to duelling on principle ?" I Inquired. "On the contrary, I think it an excellent institu tion to punish a man for those sins which the law refuses to recognise." "I am perfectly mystified," I answered. "For goodness' sake, give me your objections to acting as my friend in the field." "As you press me, I must. But I would rather not. However, I have laid down a rule never to act as second to anyone whose conduct has debarred hiia from the society of honourable men !" "Do you mean to apply that rule to your estimate of my conduct ?" I asked in a tone in which calm ness struggled for mastery over indignation. " I am sorry to say that I do !" " A11 accusation so grave as this requires a very full explanation," I replied, with suppressed 1 age. "I should think that- from what I have previously said, you ought to liave gathered my meaning. But should there be any further doubt in your mind, I repeat — and I repeat it with pain — that I consider your behaviour to Mademoiselle de Savigny to be unworthy of a gentleman and of a man of honour." I was thunderstruck, amazed, at the cold, de liberate manner in which this condemnation was flung at me. When I was able to speak, 1 answered in a voice as freezing and as deliberate as Dubosque's; "Since you have satisfied yourself . I ihat I am a man devoid of honour I shall inflict my society upon you as little as my peculiar circumstances will permit. I11 future I will lake my meals alone or at a cafe, or, -with your cduseut, L will remove myself to another lodging." "There is 110 necessity. Remain here," said ; Dubosque quickly. "Please to understand then, tfcat I no longer con sider myself your guest but your prisoner, and moreover that I intend, should I survive Le Maitre's pistol, to force you to give me satisfaction for your insulting expressions." ' "Ah, 110, not that!" lie exclaimed, "T' would almost be murder !" "I do not understand your allusion, -but that; does not alter the fact that I intend to vindicate, my honour." "As you will," lie replied huskily. "I am sorry for you, but I could not avoid all these com- plications." . .. Then in a few hurried . strides he reached the door. I thought that he had made up his mind to go, but lie turned round abruptly and faced me. " I do not- wish you to inconvenience yourself oh iny account," he said. "Stay in these rooms and use them as your own. I will seek my lodging else where." Before I could answer he again moved off mut tering to himself, and I overheard him say " Jfon Dieu ! What shuttlecocks of fate we are ! Yet against my better feelings I must carry it through to the end !" He disappeared, and left me to my solitary medi tations. I paced up .and down the room a prey to an anguish I had not experienced since 1113' restora tion to health,- for even if Le Maitre was too wise to make me the target for his pistol, I was pledged to meet the man I had a sincere affection for in a hostile maimer. And Dubosque himself apparently hud some compunction in fighting a duel with one who had been his guest and companion for so long ; at least I was led to. believe this from the broken sentences he uttered before lie left the room.- For a long time after Dubosque 's abrupt depar ture! sat thinking over the ..many extraordinary, anomalies his behaviour tos me presented. . Of one thing' I was certain, that the cause - of his ameven. i ; . temperament could be found in some events that occurred to him about six weeks ago, for- previous I o that period lie had been an easy going nnui whose., emotions were under admirable control. 'But lie .. had not thought lit to reveal to me' the nature of those events, hence I was in entire ignorance of the causes which conspired so powerfully to alter his character. Yet from.; the unequal manner., of his conduct towards me, I began to. wonder .. whether I was the bite hoir -.which was destroying his peace of mind. . With a sigh at the utter vanity of all earthly things, I shook off these depressing thought's and began actively to arrange, my affairs in anticipation of the two duels I should have to- light., , First and... foremost, I wrote aiid despatched a: curt letter, to . La Maitre declining to meet liirn and disclaiming any intention of marrying his niece ; ': then . I com- posed a lorig, tender letter to Ethel, wherein T hrived the inin >st feelings of my heart, and told her of the ; agon' I had endured through our separation. With. , this I enclosed my last Will and Testament, be queathing all my wordly goods .to. her whom I loved better than life. I had obtained a certificate of my complete sanity from the professors of Ste. Marie Hospital, and this I fastened to the Will, so . that Ethel should have no trouble in obtaining my fortune. My poor -uncle also was not forgotten, and thus by the time I had arranged my affairs the afternoon was wearing into evening, and I had as ,yet left undone a very important business—that of procuring a second. But here another difficulty presented itself. All the menT knew Avere friends of Dubosque, introduced to me by hint; could I, therefore, expect auy of them to take my part against him? Like an in spiration there flashed across my memory the name of an old French General; who once had been intimate with my father. It was .strange that I. . had forgotten him for so long, but? Inow intended- ; to make up for lost time and beg his services in " the forthcoming encounters. Yet here another doubt assailed me. I had passed my word to hold 110 1 ommunication, either spoken or written, with any of my old friends without the express sanction of the secret committee. To obtain the requisite per mission to visit General Pontliier, I should liave to. prefer my request through Dubosque — through tlie very man of all others I had the least desire to ask; a favour of ! Could I, in the desperate strait to which I was reduced, treat my revolutionary sans culottes for once with the contempt, they deserved, and take my liberty into my own hands ? It would probably be a dangerous method of getting out of my dilemma, but hardly more perilous than the pistol of Le Maitre or Dubosque at the distance of twelve paces. The Gordian knot was cut for me ..j the arrival of the expected challenge from Julie's uncle, which necessitated my finding a friend without delay.. Utterly indifferent to the spies who might be track ing my every movement, I sallied forth to secura the services of uiy father's old coinrade-iu-anua. 4 L'a be- continut'i. i Merit may not always win, but it can stand it ir id doesn't. A man never gets so poor that lie can't borrow trouble without security. Why is a vine like a soldier? — Because it is 'listed, . trained, has tendrils, and then shoots. Wiiy are there more marriages in winter than in summer? — Because then men seek comforters and ladies seek — muffs. Why is a man happier with two wives than with one ? — He may be happy with one, but with two he is pretty certain to be transported. When is a clock on the stairs dangerous ? — When it runs down. Why is O the noisiest of all the voivels ? — Because you can't make a horrid noise without, it, whilst, all the others are in -audible. Why is a dog biting his own tail like a good manager? — Because he makes both ends meet. . When is a blow from a lady welcome ? — When she strikes you agreeably. " Tiie operation," said the surgeon gently to the nmn who had just met with an accident, " will be - verv painful. I strongly advise you to take an anais- tlietic." " No," said the sufferer, " I think I can bear ; it. I have been used to shaving myself." Tramc; "Don't, call me lazy, madam. I assure you I take great pleasure in using the pick." Lady : . , Well, there's one in the barn you can use to clear the ice from that. path." Tramp: "It isn't, the riglit kind, lady." Lady: "Why, what kind of a pick do :. Voumean?" Tramp: "A tooth-pick." Blinks (during heavy rain) : " Did you run over and ask Jinks for that, umbrella I lent him last night?" Office Bov: "Yes, sir; he savs lie's very _ .... sorry, but. the umbrella is wet. yet, and he wouldn't, like to return it.: in that, condition. He says Jie will carry it liome to-night and dry it. by the fire." Plum mat's Boy (out of breath from running): " Here's the solder— I found it on— the bench—' 'n' — ra-ra-raeed back— all the way !" Boss Plumber : \- " Th' idee of a plumber's 'prentice rmining? Do you want to set an example that will ruin tlie trade ? Go on back to the shop 'n' fetch nie some rosin ; 'ri if Y ye git here iii less -ii -an hour and a half, 111 dis charge ye." We are all dependent upon one ahotlier in this world; btit all have our sunny and our shadowy days, and Ave all, in our turn, need sympathy and help. The one prudence in life is concentration ; the one evil is dissipation ;- arid it makes no difference Avhether our dissipations are coarse or fine. Mrs. Blotter (of a literary turn) : " And, John, send up a gallon of midnight oil. All our best Avriters, I'm told, burn it." "May I not aspire to your hand?" he- asked earnestly. " Permit, me," she said positively, " to assure you that this is a lone hand." The man Avho Avill complain that a 20 minute sermon is too long will sit half a day watching a couple of chess players making two moves. Her Partixg Words. — "So your Avife has left yon?" " She has." "What were her last words on leaving you ? " " ' Is my hat on straight ? ' " " My husband is very fond of animals," said Mrs. Furber ; " last night in his sleep he turned over and said: ' Take out something for the kitty '" Woman can't throw a stone straight to save her soul, but she can sit in -an easy chair and enchant a man so that he will go and throw it for her. Why is a chrysalis like a hot roll ? — Because it's the grub tliut makes the butter fly. ; What coin is double its value by deducting its half? — Halfpenny. Ik a tree Avere to break a Avindow, Avhat Avould the window say ? — Tree-mend-us. Why is a Avhisper like a forged £5 note ? — Because it is uttered— but not aloud. Why is a room full of married folk like an empty room?— Because there's' not a single person in it. / 