Questions for Government. Theke axe oh the question paper of the House for this evening a number of in quiries, the mere putting of which, shotws how the Government in running after protective crazes has neglected more solid interests. Among the subjects that have long been calling for treatment we do not reckon Mr. Teat£l's demand for the settlement on the land of village com munities. That is apparently a cry re cently adopted by the member for South Sydney from suggestions furnished by the proceedings of certain deputations to ' the Premier. Among the objects of the solici tude of other members there are, however, certain very old friends. Mr. Mabtin desires to know if the final report of the Royal Commission on the exten sion of the railway to the eastern and western suburbs and elsewhere, and the connecting of North Shore by a bridge ; has been considered by the ? Government. Mr. Fahsteix is anxious concerning a new Parliament House, a site for noxious trades, and the utilisation of the buildings at Rookwood for a reformatory. Of these matters the insufficiency of city communication has long been notori-' ous, particularly as regards th» eastern suburbs ; the Paddington trams are often crowded in a 'way that is both danger ous and unhealthy. But perhaps the Go vernment, having adopted a fiscal policy tending to crowd people into the city, is carrying its principles to their ' logical conclusions by preserving a railway policy that tends to keep hapless citizens massed near their occupations in the centre of the town, or, failing that, to pack them like herrings in tram cars. The North Shore Bridge is a subject of a different character. It has passed from the region of practicable possibilities to that of shadowy hopes. Probably future students of the manners and customs of this country will think that the people of the great city of Sydney had some expression concerning the bridging of an important branch of their harbor, ?which represented to all who heard it the idea of infinite futurity — not a Greek Kalends, but an Australian Kalends. The North Shore Bridge has been so often dangled, so to speak, before the eyes of the public by suc cessive Governments, that hope deferred has made the heart sick. Mr. Farnell's questioift about a site for noxious trades and the utilisation of the Reformatory buildings are eminently practical and worthy of attention. His anxiety for a new Parliament House will, however, not be shared in a pressing man ner by many electors. The bulk of these will be inclined to think that the present build ing is quite good enough for the amount of work that is done in it. While expressing this sentiment, however, we do not mean to go quite so far as Mr. Fah kell accidentally does when he puts in immediate juxtaposition his query about a new site for the proceedings of the Legislature and a new site for noxious trades. There Eeems — only seems — to be a subtle insinuation in Mr. Farstell's questions, taken in relation to one another, which can hardly escape some of the sticklers for the dignity of the House. In reference to the delay with various public 'works it is notable that the Government has not yet appointed the Public 'Works Committee. It is hard to Bay whether its dilatoriness is prompted by a praiseworthy desire for economy, now that lavishness would only swell its own estimates and not those for which freetraders 'were responsible, or whether it hopes, as long as the seats on the committee are not filled, to keep a hold on some somewhat unruly followers by a lively sense of favors to come. The report from Kiama that there is great dis satisfaction in that neighborhood with respect to the Customs Duties Bill is apparently well founded. The copy of the petition against the bill, 'which has been lying at the local Council Chamber, has it is stated been signed by a great many of the townspeople, and it is added that there are hundreds of persons besides in the country parts who would be very willing to sign a similar document, if they only had a chance to do so. It is significantly said that even the protectionists themselves are dissatisfied with the action of the Govern ment. With regard te many districts besides, as well as the particular one in question, it certainly may be asserted that it needs no ghost come from the grave to tell such news as this — least of all a 'Winm* ghost. The Government, according to all reasonable probabilities, hare only to go to the country in order to find that those who are opposed to their policy will present them selves in a very substantial shape indeed. But this, of course, is ene of those unpleasant truths to which , Dibbs and company are determined to remain stone deaf and stone blind as long as they possibly can. ; The spectacle of 60 leading- business men. of Broken Hill making a journey to Sydney in order to impress upon the Government the necessity of doing justice to their locality in the matter of water supply is certainly a novel one. With deputations from country places Ministers are familiar enough, but the one from Broken Hill, which is now on its way to Sydney by way of Adelaide and Melbourne puts all others in the shade, not only in the matter of numbers, bnt in the length of the journey to be made. Like a snowball, the com pany is expected to increase in size as it rolls this way. By the time Sydney is reached it is thought there will be fully a hundred persons comprising this extraordinary deputation. It is understood that those who are thus leaving their businesses on this remarkable journey are doing so entirely at their own expense. If Mr. Dibbs be not im pressed with such an exhibition of zeal in a popular cause, he must be a most insensate person. The police are in pursuit of the ruffian who made the murderous attack on the old miner at Bowna last Monday. It is not a hopeful cowci dence that, in this case, the chase lies over a part of the tract of country taken by the Dora Bora blacks, on what up to the present has proved to be their Boooeseful flight from justice, Sowflrer, fcotwitkitandiag Hba faot of the white ? ??.??!'? offender who is wanted being mounted on a good; horse, there seems to be a* reasonable probability; of his not being able to lead his pursuers such a Will-o'-the-Wisp dance as the Dora Dora blacks have those who have been so long following at their heels— or who, at least, are imagined to be. Concerning Sir George Campbell, member for the Kircaldy district, just deceased, there is a funny story. Sir George, from many years' ser vice in India, had become rather a grim, hirsute looking old gentleman, while Lady Campbell retained for a long period sufficient of tie freshness of youth to make the contrast to her lord and master striking. .Among their friends the pair were jokingly, and of course covertly,' known as ' beauty and the beast.' Sir George was told of this in confidence when he calmly said ' I can't think what my poor wife has done that people should give her such a horrid name.' Mr. Deacon, the American, who shot a young French attache whom he found in his wife's bed room at Nice, and who was arrested but has been already released on easy bail, is quite certain to get off. On the subject of the allowability of summary vengeance for honor wounded as deeply as was his he will find French and transatlantic ideas quite in accord; while a French jury — if the matter ever s^ts to a jury — will have even less regard for the exalted social rank of the victim than would an American one. Should Mr. Deacon be tried, there would, by the way, 'be an excellent chance for an eloquent defending counsel to work off on the court telling quotations from ' Tuez la' (kill her), the once famous pamphlet of M. Alexandre Dumas fils, advocating the slaughter of erring wives. If to kill ' her ' be an action defensible before public opinion, surely frilling 'him' will not be visited with dire punishment or censure. It TFonld appear very probable that the Conser vative Government in England, by its backing and filling concerning the Irish Local Govern ment Bill, has put the final fatal stroke to whatever chance it possessed for the next general election. In internal affairs the great claim of the Tories to confidence was based on the pacification of Ireland. Last year Mr. Bal fcur wished a full measure of local govern ment as a complement to and compensation for his repressive policy. Ho was then baulked by the timidity «f his «wn eide. His favoring o* concession to Ireland raised prejudices against him which postponed his bill and even looked ?'ike promoting among his own party opposition to his leadership of the House of Commons. Now the bill has at last been brought forward, but evi dently so mutilated as not at all to serve the purposes of pacification, or mollify the Liberals. Mr. Balfour offers to modify it; but, if he does, he cannot count on Tory support. The Government is much discredited. 