BROTHER GARDNER ON GHOSTS. V 44 It has cum to my knowledge," said Brother Gardner after the meeting had been opened in due form, 44 dat sartin members of dis Lime kiln Club am trubbled wid seem' ghosts an' hearin' strange noises. I hev been told dat Shindig Watkins has received three distinct warnin's dis spring to prepare hisself fur de grave; dat Kurnel Cabiff can't sleep fur hearin' whispers at midnight, an' dat Eider Toots wakes up moas' ebery night an' sees a spook wid Jery eyes glarin' at him ober de fat o his bed. I hev got a few words to say on dis subjick of ghosts, an' I want de members o' dis club to lissen wid all deir might. "I am now sixty one y'ars old, an' I reckon £ hev had as much experience wid ghosts an' sich as any odder man of yo'. I used to believe in 'em. Dar was a time when I'd hev bet my mewl agin a peck of beans dat ghosts was a-playin' baseball under my bed ebery night of de y'ar. I lay dar an'heard warnin's an' death tricks an' whispered voices, an' I got up in de mawnin' feelin' dat I was not long fur dis World. Bimeby I began to figger, an it wasn't a week befo' I solved de mystery. I made out abont as toilers : 44 If yo' am six weeks behind on yo'r house rent yo' will see a spook lookin' at yo ober de footboard of de bed. He's dar to inquar' what yo' am gwine to do about it. "Ifyo' has bin shootin' craps and lost de two dollars de ole woman bad saved up to buy a pa'r o' shoes, yo'll h'ar ghostly footsteps all ober de cabin tur three nights runnin'. Yo'll also h'ar from de ole woman doorin' de day. 44 If I had bin sorter walkin' around doorin' de day and had diskivered a hencoop which promised to pan out well de fust dark night, I should listen mighty hard when I got to bed. If I heard a death tick in de wall I should take it to mean dat I'd better let dem twenty-two chickens alone, 'cause deir was a spring gun .jest inside de doah of de coop. If I didn't h'ar de tick I reckon I'd chance it, though I'd go powerful slow an feel all around in de dark far dat gun. " If a white, man cums along in de mawnin' an' offers yo' a dollar fur a day's work, an' yo stick fur a dollar an' a half an' continner to sot on de fence 'cause he won't give it, yo'll go to bed dat night to h'ar strange whispers all around yo'. If yo'll lissen clusly yo'll make out dat yo' am bein' told yo'd better resign from dis club befor yo' git ae bounce ! 44 If Samuel Shin should borrow two dollars in cash of me, which he can't possibly do, an' should fail to pay it back at de time agreed upon, he'd see ghosts at night. Dey wouldn't be ghosts from the graveyard, but ghosts from his conscience. Dar am nuffin real about it. Yo've done sunthin' mean, an' yo' feel con science stricken ober it. No member of dis club who keeps up his dues, pays his debts, an' tries to live Eke a decent man need be afeared of spooks. He'll go to bed to Bleep as sound as a brick. Spooks won't hev no use fur him. -" From ais time on I shall hev an eye out fur Brudders Watkins, Jones, Cabiff an' Toots, an' f lir sich odder members of dis club as may take to seem' a ghost an' hearin' warnin's. I doan say dat seein a ghost will be considered sufficient reason for expulsion, but it will go a long ways toward makin' me fed sartin dat sich pussons doan reflect no partickler credit on dis club as a nashunal organizashun." Brother Jones arose and tried to square him self by explaining that what he took to be the whispers of spirit voices turned out to be nothing but the labored breathing of his brindled dog under the bed, and that he had so reported, but Brother Gardner rapped for order an said : 44 Sot down, Brudder Jones! Dar am no queshun befo' de house. Yo' hev heard what I had to say, an' I hope yo' will profit by it, same as de rest. At de next meetin' I shall arrange wid Sir Isaac Walpole to move dat byelaw No. 666 be amended to read so dat any member seein' a ghost or bein whispered to at midnight by a speerit shall stand accused de as if he had busted into de museum an' stolen de sacred skull of Cicero." 