CRUMBS. Shameful disclosures. " Entirely given up." Tho Drumblair floated. Work for the detectives. The sacredness of infant life. Seianble for the vacant places. "God bless thePrince of Wales." No more tinkering with the tariff. Splendid portrait of the late Knight. A splendid record of rain for October. Immature wines will spoil the market. Too much young wine sent to London. Insomnia a qualification for Parliament. The Bear squeezing the Sick Man again. Uncle Sam at a high pitch of excitement. The parents must be discovered, if possible. Hiding one sin by committing a far greater sin. Archbishop Reynolds has a kind, thoughtful lace. _ . Bismarck is verily a thorn in the Kaiser s Bide. Now will be the time to display a generous Spirit. Spurgeon's successor must be an "immersed" parson. If you take Satan's bait, you'll be taken by his hook. An interesting letter from Colonel Light discovered. The fine old English gentleman all of the olden time. General Downes is one of the Crimean " immortals." Sir John Morphett was a fine specimen of the pioneer colonist. The McKinley tariff was a severe blow at England's trade. Every needy and greedy log roller on the alert in'Victoria. Remarkable differences of opinion over the harvest prospeots. Not peace with honour, but peaoe with a threat of vengeance. Mr. Holder would make an excellent lieu tenant to any Premier. We can't raise pigs enough so we have a tax of 4d. a pound on bacon. The McKinley tariff looks to be the very embodiment of selfishness. Will Mr. Streeter's favourable verdict call forth more camel-loads of rubies. Colonel Light and Sir George Grey resemble one another in points of character. The fly, the ant, and the mosquito have opened business with good prospects. General Downes completes forty years Service in artillery uniform next month. Trades Unions should aim not at a struggle for pre-eminence, but a struggle for justice. Hop. voted for the Trades Hall site pro posal, but worked like a nigger to defeat it. G.O.M. declines green fat and calipee with the City Fathers on Lord Bdayor's Day. A Commandant wanted who shall be fresh from the active ranks of the Imperial Army. Bismarck says Kranee is incomparably more peacefully disposed now than she was in 188S. He who would circulate a false report to injure a business rival is no better than a mean thiet. Meteoric stones are to be seen in many of the English museums, iahelled with the dates and places of fall. J Hop. admired the hue babies in the Desti- | tute Asylum, but Grainger said he saw none | finer than Hop. | The resolution to give a site for a Trades Hall is especially intelligible on the eve of a | general election. | Bismarck looks for a long period of European | peace. The Kaiser of course will take this as a sign that war is imminent. I A wide gulf of mentality separates the public school of to-day from the old dame's school of our parents' time. | Pseudo - socialism aims at an impossible | equality, and in the endeavour to reach it i sacrifices invaluable liberty. Mater Meffert takeB her five ohildren from ! her husband's wurley. They are promised soap and water in the future. | With the Broken Hill strike off and the har vest almost a certainty of a large crop, trade of all kinds is bound to improve. j The City Valuator reports that the assess ments for 1893 show an increase of £2,500 on the present year's assessments. j The election expenses of Mr. John Morley at the Newcastle by-election are stated at £1,2S4. Mr. Haiti's expenses are £1,564. The winner of the City Chess Tournament has a good record—four firsts in five tourneys, and one second after tying for first again. My voice is still for war. Rods! can a Soman senate still debate. Which of the two to choose, slavery or death? j "I'll wait until you're at leisure," said a caller to the Editor. " I'm afraid I'll be of no use to you when I'm dead," replied the Editor. The Chinaman has a variety of names— Celestial, Chinkie, Chow-Chow, Yellow Agony, and Alien—but his smile is still childlike and bland. If they had not struck against the contract system, they would not have forced the mine owners in Belf-defence to insist upon freedom of contract. The imports to Broken Hill from our oolony for the quarter ended September 30 were valued at £121,308, as against £273,494 for the June quarter. " Ladies' pockets" is a subject for London newspaper controversy in the present dull season, and one lady has confided to the public that she wears sixteen pockets. " Ministers will find in the general election next year quite enough to occupy them with out semi-official exchanges of social calls and political compliments at Hobart." " The late Government was assailed on the ground of the ext reme length and feebleness of its 'tail,' and the alleged inadequacy of its financial policy. "--Review of Reviews. __ Mr. Copley at the public Schools itxhibi tion said the members of Parliament and School Boards of Ad rice on the platform were for exhibition and not competition. " The principles governing the expansion of Unionism must not be those of mutual re pulsion on the pnrt of capital and labour, but of equitable adjustment.and mutual benefit." "The man's afonl who thinks by force or skill To stem the torrent of a womaos will For if she will she will you may depend on't And if she won't, she won't and there's an end on't." This is an advertisement in an English paper:—"If John Smith, who twenty years ago deserted hie poor wife and babe, will return, said babe will knock the stuffing out of him.'° A New York journalist gives his definition of " News as she is wrote." " News," he says, " is any heretofore unprinted ooourrence which involves the violation of any of the ten com mandments." General Booth thinks that when the Churches have self-denial weeks they should hand the Army five per cent, of the pro ceeds as a kind of royalty for the use of the Army's patent. Once upon a time Ebby always went for restricting the powers of the Upper House. Now, he thinks its privileges ought to be superior, if any difference 1b to be made, to those of the Assembly. During 1891 334,000 personB of all classes and all nationalities left the United Kingdom for places abroad. Of these 218,000 were British and Irish, and 2GO.OOO were steerage passengers, or emigrants proper. The oldeBt newspaper in ths world is the Ei/ng Pau journal cf Central China. It was established in 911. For 700 years it "appeared irregularly;" but in 1801 it was made a daily, and it now publishes three editions. Sir Henry Parkee gave evidence on behalf of Abigail, stating that in his judgment the aooused was a man of very high probity, natural intelligence, and ability. But Abigail went down for five years all the same. The Field is advertising for sale a small sheep station in South Australia; 10,703 acres leasehold land, 17 miles from station on Ade laide and Melbourne Railway. The applica tion to be made to an English parson. Whose is it! Among the starving unemployed of Sydney has been discovered an ex-Cabinet Minister of the colony, who took a prominent part in the reoeption of the Duke of Edinburgh twenty years ago. Drink was the cause of the once powerful politician's fall. "Mr. Cleveland disgusted his own side by boldly flouting the old doctrine that 'the spoils belong to the viotor.'" An American says that what Cleveland did say was—" A public office is a public trust, and not to the victors belong the spoils." The last Halloween I was waukin', My droukit Bark-sleeve, as ye ken; His likeness cam' up the house staukm'. And the very gray breeks o* Tam Glen. That's what Bobby BurnB [sang in allusion to an unhallowed custom of the Caledonians on All Hallow's Eve, who wet a shirt sleeve, hang ib up before the fire to dry, and lie in bed till midnight, when the watcher's future partner for life comes down the chimney and turns the eleeve. Under the McKinlev tariff, "while men like Carnegie were building palaoes and pre paring to reduce their workmen's wages, there were great numbers of operatives in England roaming the streets in the vain search for work, while maddened with the recollection of pinched and worn faces at home." Here you mind the crowd, lad, Or fancy your work won't tell; The work is the work for a' that To him that doeth it well. Fane; the world a bill, lad. Look where the millions slop. You'll find tbe crowd at the base, lad, There's always room at the top. Recommended for Broken Hill share holders :— Langli and the world laughs with you, Weep and you weep alone. For this brave old earth Must borrow its mirth, It has trouble enough of its own. Epitaph on a tombstone in Mb. Buryan's Churchyard near Land's End in Cornwall:— Our life is hut a winter <lav. Some only breakfast and awsv; Others to dinner stay and are full fed. The oldest only sup* and goes to bed. Large is bis debt who lingers out the day; Who goes the soonest lias the least to pay. The latest phase in the penuy-in-the-slot system is a bout-brushing machine. The patient puts hisfei-tiiit.ua couple of holes at the base of tbe machine, drops his copper into the slot, and the brushes whir and rattle away till a " shine" is produced. While a man is being operated upon there is a good oppor tunity for pulliug his nose or calling htm names. He can't get away from the machine till the operation is completed. The night has a thou-and eves, The day hut one. Yet the light of the bright world dies With the dj ing sun. The mind has a thousand eyes. The heart hut one. Yet the light of the whole life dies When love is done. The Australasian writes:—"Poor Emily Mather! Her tragic death is a familiar story all over the civilised world. But, alas! the tragedy did not end with her'death. She is now pursued by the tragic muse. This is what is engraved upon her tombstone in the Mel bourne Cemetery ' Who all her days while yet alive To live in honour she did strive; TiUUe she trusted as her guide Without cause or warning her life denied. ' To those who hereafter come reflecting Upon this text of lier sad ending, To warn her sex of their intending For marrying in haste is depending On such a fate, too late for amending.'" Through the night of sin and sorrow Onward goes tbe mining band. Brother separates from brother, Forced to graft upon the land. One the groan that lips of thousands Lift as from the heart of one; One tbe conflict, one the peril, One non-Onion march begun One the gladness of rejoicing " " ™ " traliansuo On the South Australian shore, When the one almighty market Now begins to " firm" once more. A touching incident of insect gratitude is narrated by velox in the Topical Times:—" I found a cockroach struggling in a bowl of water. I took half a walnut for a boat. I put hiin into it, and gave him two wooden toothpicks for oars, and left him. The next morning I visited him, and he had pub apiece of white cotton on one of the toothpioks, and set it on end as a signal of distress. He had fastened a hair on the other toothpick, and there ho sat a-fishing ! The sight melted me to tears. I took that cockroach out, gave him a teaspoouful of gruel, and sent him home. He never forgot my kindness, and now my house is full of cockroaches." Thousands of acres waiting—waiting the plough and tbe spade; Food to be gained from the soil—competence here to be made; Labour—hard, it is true—but fully by Nature re paid. Vast in its solitude lies the broad expanse of the land, Fertile—richly endowed by Nature's bounteous hand; wealth at I/.lbours sturdy Factory, workshop, aiul mart cannot alone be our stay; " All must be fed front the land"—this is the lesson to-day; All are dependent alike on Nature's beneficent sway. Settle the men on the land-there—there alone they are free! There Labour, rightly employed, fruits of its efforts may see; This, and this only, will cause depression's dark shadow to flee. Arthub Davis. .Fax.—The twenty or thirty thousand young "ady pianietes who daily read our " Crumbs" columns are hereby respectfully invited to " read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest" the following eloquent address to his students by Dr. Stainer, of musical fame:—"I trust that you have studied and practised, and will do so to the end of your career, not for notoriety or popularity, but under a deep sense of the strong and lasting influence you may have on the most highly eduoated "and sensitively organized of your fellow-oreatures. The creator of works of art, like one who lives a beautiful life, or the founder of a syBtem of. morality, plants eternal seeds, the value of which will be tested when he haB passed away, by the fruits they bear. And even if the rich growths planted by him seem in future time to have reached their full ness of life, and are heedlessly thought ready to die, they will not be useless trunks, for on them the loving and enthusiastic hands of pos terity will graft new plants to be nurtured on the withered forms, and to burst forth into blossoms more rich and luxuriant than any hitherto contemplated by the most idealizing dreamer." Hear, hear, and cheers. Fax.—Talk about the population and traffic of this twopenny-halfpenny parish of ours, what have you to say of the following extract? " The population of London has grown from 150,000 in 1C03 to 4,500,000 at the present time. Supposing that the recent rate of growth were maintained, London might in the course of another half-century possess a popu lation of over 7,000,000. The six principal railway lines of London carry annually over 200,000,000 people. The Tramway Companies carry 150,000,000 more, and the two great 'Bus Companies — the General Omnibus and the Bead-car Companies — carry from 120,000,000 to 130,000,000 per annum. These three agencies, therefore, carry annually some 470,000,000 to- 480,000,000 passengers, being nearly twelve times the present popula tion of the United Kingdom. There were besides 11,300 cabs, which carried about 30,000,000 passengers per annum. Then 100,000,000 "to 120,000,000 more travelled yearly to and from the suburbs by every railway that has a terminal station in London, bringing up the total numbers carried annually into and out of London to between G00.000.000 and 630,000,000." Fax.—I take it for granted, most gentle reader, that you are neither superstitious nor irreligious, nor incredulous, nor aguostically inclined; but what do you think of the follow ing fax? Eighty-six years ago the people of Leeds were panic-Btrioken. Thousands of them beoame all of a sudden as religious as a Parsee, and terrified as a polliwog in a thunderstorm. They prayed violently and vooiferously morn ing, noon, and night. What for? Wait a minute, and I'll tell you. A farm labourer in a suburban village had a hen, this ben was in the habit of laying an egg every morning on whioh were inscribed this awe inspiring sentence—"Christ is ooming." A great many or tne citizens visitea tne piaae ana saw these wonderful prophetic eggs. The hen wee carefully watched as she entered the empty nest and deposited the mystic egg. But mark the sequel. Some gentlemen went one morn ing and found the hen laying one of her wonderful eggs. They, however, soon found that the terrifying sentence had been inscribed upon the eggs with corrosive ink, and cruelly fnronH Knolr atrntn tnt.n hka ftvirtnaifcn* rl,U«a forced back again into the ovipositor. The perplexed praying portion of the population now laughed at their own gullibility, and the world wagged on as merrily as before. Fax.—What idiotic things are reoorded as having occurred only a few centuries ago, and even in " rnerrie England." Exempli gralia,— In the reign of '* good Queen Bess" a fanatic named William Hackett was publicly whipped for his blasphemous pretensions to super natural gifts. He was associated with two other kindred spirits, viz., Edward Coppinger, " the prophet ot mercy," and Henry Arling ton, "the prophet of judgment." Cop pinger declared that Hackett was the sole monarch of Europe, and on July 1C, 1502, they actually proclaimed him; but on the LPScli of the same month this mighty monarch, who on one occasion threw down a man with whom he had quar relled and bit oil his nose, and on another occasion personated divinity, was hanged and quartered. Meanwhile Coppinger famished himself in prison, and Artliington was par doned. My authority says :—" Hackett on the scaffold made a blasphemous prayer too horrid to be repeated. He hated Queen Elizabeth and tried to deprive her of her crown; he confessed that he had stabbed her effigy to the heart with an iron pin, and a little before he was hanged he cursed her with all manner of imprecations." What a wretch ! Fax.—That Oriental traveller tells ub some thing about the manner of bribing demons at funerals, which I suppose the stupid western barbarians would denounce by the ugly word " superstition." He says:—"At the funeral of a wealthy Chinese a great number of musicians are hired, and also professional weepers, who have carried the art of shedding tears to great perfection, and are absolutely in imitable at sobs and groans. They follow the coffin in long white robes, hempen girdles and dishevelled hair, and their lamenta tions are accompanied by the beating of gongs, the discordant sounds of rude instru ments, and the disoharge of fireworks. The explosions and the smell of powder are believed to frighten away the demons and to hinder them from seizing the soul of the defunct, which always follows the coffin; and as male volent spirits are believed to be extremely avaricious the people let fall along the road Bapecks or banknotes, which the wind carries away in all directions. Of course the demons fall into the trap with charming simplicity, though the supposed banknotes are only bits of white paper. But while they are ohasing after these sham sapecks the ghost of the de parted trots along after the coffin unmolested." Obit.—A hundred and fifty years ago or so Samuel Foote was immensely popular as a dramatist and comedian. His performances at the Haymarket drew very large audiences, and his twenty-Bix original dramas were greatly admired, all of them being replete with wit, humour, and satire. But in 1766 Foote lost his leg by a fall from his horse, and he made his exit October 21, 1777. Dr. John son first met liim at a dinner party. He Bays—"Having no good opinion of the fellow I was resolved not to be pleased, and it ia very difficult to please a man against his will. I went on eating my dinner pretty Bullenly, affecting not to mind him, but the dog was so very comical that I was obliged to lay down my knife and fork, throw myself back in my chair, and fairly laugh it out, sir, he was irresistible." Later on the great lexicographer thus contrasted Foote with the famouB tragedian, David Garrick, who, you know, was partly educated by Dr. Johnson at Lichfield:—" Garrick, sir, has some delicacy of feeling; it is possible to put him out; you may get the better of him; but Foote is the most incomprehensible fellow I ever knew. When ycu have driven him into a corner, and think you are sure of him, he runs through between your legs, or jumps over your head, and makes his escape." That's where the laugh comes in. Fax.—It has been conjectured by some linguists thai the language in which Shakepeare embodied his vast conceptions and to whose tones Milton tuned his immortal harp is destined to become instrumental in repairing the ruins of Babel in that day when the whole earth shall again be " of one language and of one speech." That you will say is mere fanoy. But the following is affirmed by the Boston Herald to be fax:—"At the commencement of the present century English was spoken by only 22,000,000 of people, but is now spoken by 100,000,000. Russian is now spoken by 68,000,000 againBt 30,000,000 at the beginning of the century. In 1800 German was spoken by only 35,000,000 people ; to-day over 70,000,000 talk in that language. Spanish is now used by 44,000,000 of people against 30,000,000 in 1800; Italian by 32,000,000 instead of 18,000,000; Portuguese by 13,000,000 instead of 8,000,000; and French by 46,000,000 instead of 34,000,000. This is for English an increase of 354 per leant.; for Russian 126 per cent.; for German 100 per cent.; for Spanish 46 | percent.; for Italian 77 percent.; for Portu guese 62 per cent.; and for French 35 per cent." Obit.—Alfred the Great departed this life October 28, 900. in the thirtieth year of his reign and the fifty-second of his age. Give me a page of this paper and I will fill every column with extracts from the writings of historians and biographers who have sung his praises " whether in proBe or rhyme." One of them says—" In private life he was benevo lent, pious, cheerful, and affable, and his de portment waB both dignified and engaging." Another says—" He was one of the most mild and amiable men, of a temper serene and cheerful, affable, kind, _ and merciful, and not averse to sooiety or innocent pleasure. Spel man apostrophizes him as '' the wonder and astonishment of all ages." And Hume, the famous historian, writes:—"He seems indeed to be the model of that perfect character whioh philosophers have been fond of delineating rather as a fiction of their imagination than in hopes of ever seeing it really existing; so happily were all his virtues tempered together; eo justly were they blended, and so powerfully did each prevent the other from exceeding its proper boun daries. Nature, as if desirous that so bright a production of her skill should be set in the brightest light, had beBtowed on him every bodily accomplishment, vigour of limbs, dignity of shape and air,, with a pleasing, engaging, and open countenance." Obit.—You have, of oourse, heard of the famous French painter, Paul Delaroche. His death oocurrea November 4, 1856, in the Bixtieth year of his age. Some men render themselves famous by their daring exploits, Buch as warriors and explorers. Their lives are crowded with startling incidents, "of moving accidents by flood and field." But the artist, whether poet, painter, or musical com poser, is a semi-hermit; a sort of human oyster who never can be drawn out of his shell. Delaroche was one of' these. Very early ] in life he gave indications of a love of drawing. He was specially '■ skilful at landsoape painting; but by easy gradations he rose in his profession as a his torical painter till he became the head of the Eclectic School. In 1832 he was admitted a member of the Institute, the next year he was appointed Professor of Painting in the Parisian School of Fine Arts, and in 1834 he was created an officer of the Legion of Honour. Among his greatest creations are these:—"Joan of Aro in Prison with Cardinal Beaufort," the " Death of Queen Elizabeth," "The Children of Edward IV. in the Tower," "Cromwell Con templating the Dead Body of Charles I.," "Execution of Lady Jane Grey," "Napoleon Classing the Alps," "Charles I. Insulted by the Parliamentary Soldiers," and lots of et ceteras. Obit.—It was on the last day of October, 1793, when that violent social earthquake yclept " The Reign of Terror" was oonvulsing Europe, that John Brissot and his associates lost tneir heads beneath the terrible guillotine. Brissot was the son of a pastrycook, and was educated for the law, which he never followed. At Boulogne he edited the Courier dc VEuropc, which was suppressed. Then he i tried his hand at authorship, published his ] " Theory of Criminal Lawsbegan a work on "A Philosophical Library of Criminal Laws," but didn't finish it : wrote a volume ! on "Truth, or Meditations on the Means of | Reaching Truth in all Branches of Human I Knowledgewent to England; conducted a I periodical entitled "Universal Correspon I dence on all that ooncerns the Happiness of j Men in Societyleturned to France; was sent I to the Bastile oharged with publishing a libel; obtained his release, found the political atmo 1 sphere of France too foggy to allow him to ; breathe freely; fled to Holland, thence to America; then returned to Franoe; organized 1 the party known as the GironondiBts, opposed the execution of Louis XVL, and soon fell beneath the powerful paw of that untameable tiger named Robespierre. Fax.—Did you ever in all your born days hear how the sagacity of one woman saved the lives of thousands of men ? Well, the follow ing fax have been rescued from the grave of oblivion by our historiographical Crumbsmau in order that they may be handed down to the remotest posterity through the medium of these imperishable columns:—At the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, Dr. Cole, Dean of St. Paul's, obtained a royal commission for the suppression of heresy in Ireland. On arriving at Chester he spent the evening with the Mayor at an inn, and going to his cloakbag he took out the box con taining the commission, and having shown it he exclaimed, " This will lash the heretics." ; But Mrs. EdmondB, the landlady, overheard the conversation, and having several Pro testant relatives in Ireland watched her oppor tunity and adroitly removed the commission from the box and substituted a pack of cards with the Knave of Clubs uppermost. On his arrival at Dublin the zealous D.D. went imme diately to the Viceroy. A Council was called; the doctor made a stunning speech upon the horrible crime of heresy; delivered his box; it was opened; the Court shuddered with amaze ment; attributed the metamorphosis to the devil; the worthy Dean by command of the Viceroy hastened back for another commission, and learned at Holyhead that Mary was dead, and that Elizabeth reigned in her stead. Obit.—That famous country parson, Richard Hooker, was delivered of the burden of the flesh November 2, 1600, at the acre of forty seven. He was educated at Exeter and polished off at Oxford. In 1581 be took orders, and in 1584 he became rector of Drayton Beauchamp, in Buckinghamshire, where he was discovered "poor as a Church mouse" by the son of the Archbishop of York, whereupon that dignitary procured for him the appoint ment of Master of the Temple. But Hooker was a lover of solitude, and having applied to Arohbishop Whitgift for a removal to "some quiet parsonage" he obtained the rectory of Bosoum, in Wiltshire, where he wrote part of his " Ecclesiastical Polity." In 1595 Queen Elizabeth presented to him the rectory of Bishop's Bourne, and it was there that he finished his great work. And what do you think Pope Clement VIIL said of it? Ordered it to be burned? Not he. His Holi ness said—"This man, indeed, deserves the name of an author. His books will get reverence by age, for there is m them Buoh seeds of eternity that they will continue till the last fire shall devour all learning." But poor Hooker had taken to wife a modern Xan tippe, and you may guess the consequence. Fax.—In the early days of the colony, ere the reaping machine was thought of or the winnowing machine had been imported, one of our sturdy pioneers grew twenty aores of wheat. But, being deficient in the needful he covenanted with four men to do the reaping on oondition that they were to reoeive naif the produce. Then he gave them half of the re mainder for thrashing and cleaning up, and sold the residue to buy bags. So you see the men got the saok end so did he. But talking about getting the sack, that slangy expression originated with a " monarch of all he sur veyed" and a great deal more, videlicet, Maxi milian II., Emperor of Germany. Two noble men, a German and an Italian, who had each rendered great servioe to the Emperor, asked the band of his beautiful and dutiful daughter, Helena, in marriage. Maximilian said that as he equally esteemed them both it was not pos sible to choose between them. They must deoide it by their awn prowess. But, being unwilling to risk the shedding of blood, he or dered a large sack to be suspended in the courtyard, and declared that he who euooeeded in putting his rival into it should be the hus band of the lovely princess. Accordingly the combat came off in the presenoe of the Impe rial Court and many other invited grandees. Alter an hour's desperate struggle the unhappy Spaniard caved in and the German bagged nis game, carried it, and laid it at the Emperor's feet, was vociferously applauded; and in due time became the son-in-law of the most power ful monarch in the world.—Far. Fax.—You know my dear boy that some weeks ago I told yon something'about vam pires. Now Captain Stedman, who travelled1 in Guiana seven years, writes:—" On waking about 4 o'clock this morning in my hammock, X was extremely alarmed' at finding: myself weltering in congealed blood, and without any pain. Having started np and run' to the surgeon with a firebrand in one hand, and all over besmeared with gore, the mystery was found to be that I had been bitten by a vampire. This is no other than a bat of monstrous size that sucks _ the blood from men and cattle, sometimes even till they die. Knowing by inBtinot that the person they intend to attack is in a sound slumber, they generally alight near the feet, where, while the creature continues fanning with hiB enormous wings, whioh keeps one oool, he bites a piece out of the tip of the great toe, bo very small indeed that the head of a pin oould soarcely be re ceived into the wound, which is consequently not painful, yet through this orifice no con trives to suck the blood until he is obliged to disgorge. He then begins again, and thus' continues sucking and disgorging till he is scarcely able to fiy, and the sufferer has often been known to sleep from time into eternity. Having measured one of these creatures I found it to be between the tips of the wines 224 in." Obit.—Fortv years ago this 24th day of Ootober Daniel Webster, the famous Ameri can statesman, lawyer, and orator breathed his laat. He was a descendant of the Puritan settlers of New England, was born January 1782, was educated at Dartmouth College, studied the law, was admitted to praotioe in 1805, taught an academy, copied deeds, was elected member to Congress, became Senator for Massachusetts, Seoretary of State under two Presidents, and has been considered by many as the greatest orator that even America ever produced. But now just listen to what one of bis biographers says of him:—" He was a large, massive man, with the head of a giant, deep cavernous eyes, a sallow oomplexion, and a deep bass voiee. His manner of speaking was slow, dignified, and impressive, rising at times to great energy. His charaoter unfortunately was marred by some defects. Generous to prodigality, he was a spendthrift and unre liable in business matters. Requiring stimu lants, he did not always use them in moderation. As a statesman he was more admired than trusted. Still his patriotism was undoubted, and his faults were moBb easily overlooked by thosB who knew him beet." Obit.—Sir Godfrey Kneller went the way of all flesh, October 2(5, 1723, aged seventy-five. You know he was the greatest portrait painter of his age. Curious enough the year of his death was that of the birth of Sir Joshua Reynolds. Verily the mantle of Eliza fell upon Elisha. Kneller was born at Iiubeck, educated at Ley den, studied under Rembrandt, went to Rome, visited England, was appointed court painter to Charles II. and James II., went to France, painted the portraits of Louis XITV. and Royal Family, was knighted by William III., and oreated a baronet by George III., painted a great number of portraits of illustrious personages, and died immensely rich. Pope wrote his epitaph which you will find insoribed on his monument in Westminster Abbey when next you visit that sacred edifice. It begins thusly:— Kneller, by lieaven, and not a master, taught, Whose art was Nature, and whose pictures Thought; Now for two ages, having snatched from fate Whate'er was beauteous, or whate'er was great. Lies crowned with princes' honours, poets' lays, Due to bis merit and brave thirst of praise. Funny enough we are informed by Roscoe that Pope bad reluctantly promised Sir G. K. on bis deathbed to write his epitaph, but said it was "the worse thing he ever wrote in his life." 