1 ALL nIGIITS I:ISi::EvcU. The Fatal 'ireasue. A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. BY IVAN DEXTER. CHAlPTEER XIX.-CoalTvNuE. The new-comer gazed like 'ono fascinated at the sight anld, as luni)p after lump of the precious metal was taken out of the box and tr.insferr d to IHilton's pockets, the eyes of I rnytage seemed to almost burn into the y ho:enen!" he mittorel, "that old fello has discovered l;he treasure we are sekin, I wonder who hle is' If he were the ? il hidiisif," he added fiercely, "I yeast hia y that phlilor!'" With t ,dibolicdl expression on his evil face, hi n itched Hilton empty the box and then break it up aud set fire to it. "1IFe kl i the gold is stolen,at any rate," was his c:. i?tient, as he saw the box plahiced int the fire. When tlh weary man inside the hut drew the stool to the fire and became drowsy, the watcher set 1is lips together and for sonic time appeurid o debate with himself what lie should do. " e is o ly an old min,',¶ w.eie the words that issued onm his mouth when he unclosed it. "'' His rse is nearly run and it will be very little lu riu to help him over the river. I must have he gold and there is only one way to get it so I had better make up illy mind to folloo that course." Thus com itning with himself, Armytage gradually sirc ked round to the, door. When he got there, paused for a momenct, appa rently irresol tC. Talking out a clasp knife from his Pc et, he loolked at it for a few mio ments and en put it back. "No !" i said, "I Will not do that if I can help i; buit I. must have the gold " He sail no more but, turning round, his eyes re? edl on a small sapling lying close to :him na , picking it up, he noiselessly opened the Ior and looked into the room. H-ilton wv still slumbering and unconscious of dan ger. ' With a cat-like tread, Armytage entercd the room and, walking up behind his victim, dealt him a terrible blow on the back of the head. Without a single cry, the old man fell off the rough seat and lay motionless on the floor, whilst his assailinlt nervously proceeded to rifle his pockets. "I don't half like touching him, for it is hard to say whether lihe is dead or only stunned," Armytage said; " but I must have the gold. Pooh! what is it, after all?" Fortified, apparently, with his reflections, lihe bent ov.r the nimotionless mian and, iin a busisiess-li.: way, soon transferred the gold to himself . In one pocket lie found a book containing a few papers: anl this lie also took. When lie had taken everything lie could discover, he niiticed, with some alarm, that there were a few slight stains of blood on his clothes. The blow he had given his victim had broken the skin and the blood had slowly trickled from the wound. Very little had flowed, but it was sufficient during his hasty search to stain a portion of his clothes. He looked at. the few crimson stains with a slight shudder, and then at the-still form ly-iig proili on thelfloor. Hilton's last quest was apparently over, and the hidden treasure of the Black Forest would trouble hinm no more. Withl something lilke awe, Armytage went and opened the closed door. He looked out, but iall was as still as death. " I must lbe getting away from this," he muttered. " If I were discovered here, with this in the room '-and lihe turned aund looked iat, Iilton--" it wiould le as muich as my life would be worth. I wish, too, I had not got these few stains. They seeim to ile like ill omens. I imust get away at once." He picked up thin bag of gold and with guilty fear crossed the clearing around the lit. As he neared the edge of the timber a sonu0 l behind him caused his heart to give a wild start. It was a loud cooee and, as the frighltened man turned r(unlid, ]e saw a waiggonOtteijust emierging fromiii the hush at the extreme end of the clesring, and the occuIpats were evident ly cslling to him. Who celnd these people be? They were no doublt harmless travellers, perllhps lost and walntilng inifornmatiun fromi him; but to go b;acek now, might mean death to him. The appearamc:e (.f 100 policemen could not have \- ~ :tuse, l hini more terror tlhan this small party * thri:. one if whonm was iia womanll, as his hIty rglance sathiccd to tell him; but tihe disf.ce rendered the features .inidistinct :1d reccog\ition impt!ssible. ie rust fly at 'tuice, or they would soon discover what was inside the hut; and his prrsence there, especi:ally if hlie werc seized with the :.,Ad on hilu, would look very surs picious. As anot.ht' coome smote hlis ear he turned anud pliunged Bot, the forest. With nmny \ startled look aroumd, as the Icust noist 0 eld upon his ear, tile murderer purs : his p:;thl across the wooded ranges and dense unleigrowth of the valleys. Altlhough thicto was no eye on him save the all-sieing one <f God, his guilty fancy peo Spled the solitu?c with lrhking spies and un s.eei enemies. It was niot that terrible ad man.ition. " 1eggeanco1 is mine, saith the Lord, I -ill reay y" th:at he feared so much, it sias the w:ek and fallible punishmient of his fellow iieu; & APTElI XX. . ON TIlE FARM'. WheV n ,lherhidn Ond Armytlage arrived at th m ti hdy ' found imatters in a very un satisfuet,.rv stile. The hluelds, not having a head to guide, tliei. hid takei.i things pretty miuch as they pIleascil. They hadl the oppor tiulity to '' lonf,'' andl they tooki advantage lof it. Sherdan,. who was still in the toils of his .,oampiiiln. was in no ihum"oi to atteind to the oiotine oif farm work. anid Armytage profes sd entire ignor:rance of such duties: but the •ireseincc of the mlaster ilnfuseid ai little mlore sictivity into the! ieil, and the workl soon ili proved. Tie farml was a fairly comfortable one. "With thle frequent aldditionls smide to it, the area uow comlprised 7i00 acres, aind about 150 acres of that uwas cleared iand'cultivated. The' coil in the valleys was rich and pro iluced prolitli croipsof potatoes,oats or wheat, while the whole of thile lamndl was suitable for grazlig purposes. The homestead was a sitbstaitial and com for tible oine. The first owner, who built it, lad the good,o!d-fashiionied ideas on the sub .jo:t of frlni-houses, andi the first thingi he sid was to lay the building out in such a nisinner that all future additions should be piart of ole concerted plan. Slheridau thad added a couple of rooms to tihe place siice he purchased it, and these were rendiered absolutely necessary by the purchase of miore land and the number of men needed to work it. Even with the additions there was no room -ro spare, and when Armytage accompanied t'to owner to tihe frm tliere was' some dilii eulty in ohbti:ni:; .. room for him, and after a while he he xpr:sscd his willingne:ss to silt:r the same quarters as the leading hand on the farm. For some days after their arrival Sheridan could not be induced to leave tihe house to search for the fiiissing treasure. He really wished to avoid his companion, and stayed at the house for that purpose. Findintg all his efforts to induce the farmer away from the house useless, Armytage took excursions alone. At the end of a week he persuaded the en slaved moan to accompany him and: point out the spot where his plough had struick the hidden box, but that did riot assisthimin the least in the prosecution of his desig. ` She ridan, being now in one of ihis more agree able moods, accompanied him through the bush for several days, but he. soon relapsed into his secluded habits, and Arnnvtage pur sued his wanderings alone. The spirit of the place seemed to be upon him, for iinmediate ly he had bi'cakfast he would fill his flask and start into the forest. The whole day he would spend walking aindessly about, peer ing into the scrub and here :ud there turning over the dead leivtcs, which iii places ly thickly out the earth. At times lie would obtain a lever and turn over ig's, in the hope that soniething would be revealed that could assist hint in his quest. The farm laborers frequcntly met hhui in his solitary walks, and they soon came'look upol him as deniented. Ire had more than once visitecd Black burn's abandoned hult, for the place seemed to p,.sess a curious fascination-for' hihn;, and ahout three weeks after his arrival at the farmi-house he found himself at midday for the third time in close proximity to the hut. It. rwas or[ this occasion that he colunlitted the brutal attachk on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place lie re mained concealed inear the farm-house until darkness canie ou, so that hlie could cnter-un observed. lie had been lying in the scrub about two hours when lie was suddenly arroused by the sound of footsteps oni the crackling under growth and, with at hunted look of fear, he jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, through a small opening in the thicket, lihe saw Sheridan approaching and at the same iomienit the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with min gled feelings of. fear ciud satisfaction, he waited for the uniexpected new-comer. He was frightened to be discovered in his present state of agitation, but lie felt a satisfactionin seeing that it was the farmer who had como on him. ' If he has tme I have him!" was his thought. Sheridan was rather taken aback at the wild appearance of his guest, for Armytage invariably preserved a calm demeanor. Hoe looked at him for a full umiiiute before he spoke and then said: " What oil earth is the matter? You look as frightened as if you had seen a ghost." The man addressed tried to look unconi crneld as his compTuiion spoke, but the. at tempt only ended ill a shuidder. -10 had at first thought of concealing the gold froim Sheridan, but the latter's sudden Sappearance prevented him carrying out that idea, and he concluded it would be better to tell himnt of his hIck. "No; I haven't seen auythiingto frighten nm ; but, thirough my persistent lunting for the treasuire, I have been rewarded in finding a portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a couple of hours ago. I had some difficulty with it; and, what with hunger, labor and excitenent, I suppose I do look somewhat queer." " Found the gold !" exclaimed the farmer. "Where did you hlinl it ?" "' Down at the---that is to say, about two miles from here, carelessly planted in some scrub. I looked for the otheriboxes,butfound no trace of tlien," answered the embarrassed "[ will go with you to-morrow, andwe'll ,make a better search. ' We must get the re mainider. We will never be contenut until we do," spoke Sileridan excitedly, with 'the old glean? of avarice in his eyes. S"Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too late now." "Conime up to the house and let me see what you have found. I ant all anxiety." "I don'l t wt to go before dlark," ;ta swered Arnlytage. "If the farnm hltndls see nme carrying this lundle andl looking excited it might raise their suspicions, and we uluon't want that." "You are it y :i righ t ! you are right!" assented Sheridan. " The less talk there is the hctter. We must keep our husiness to ourselves. I will stay withl you, and if anyone- comes lbyit will disarm siislicion." " Yes; tlhat will be best. It will be dark in another hour, so that we will iot have long to wait." The two men sat down with flushed faces and, in hloa:rse whispers,conversed uiitil dark ness had gathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the house, Ar mytcge ever and anon casting guilty looks aroimd as if hlie was lhaunted biy the ghost of his supposed victim ; aid whlen they retichled tihe hiomestead Slheridan tookl hIis comp:unioii into his own room uinobserved. " You must stay in the room with mie now, as you caunnot remain wL ith my overseer, w-ho would be almnost certain to fiud out the gold. I will make at bed up here, anud tlhen we cal arrange our plans without fea'cir 'of interrup tion or discovecT.'' SHa;-ing thus decided, Slheridan hadl a second bed put in the room, and during the night his companion .howed liim the goldhe had found, keeping back, Of course, a few bars for himiself. "There is a smiiall fortune tlhere," remarked the farnier to his companion. "We mnustbe in luck's way. First I discovecr a box and now you find another." " By ;all just rights, as we have entered into a partnucrship over this nmatter, I should retain what I have foiund," replied the latter. "You have giveu meic only a fraction of your find, and I don't think I shoul halve this find with you. That will mn:ake us about square." " Oh ! ' )Hunor among thieves,' you know. You surely would not act as you s;ay.. I al ways gave you money when you :isked forit, and what more could you expect ? You will divide withl me, surely !" ' I'll make a fair bargain with you, Shicri dai. I'll repay you what you adlvauncd to me, and thenl we can cry quits. We will then be on an equal footing, and if we find :any more of the 'plant' we will go lulves with it. You ought to be glad thalt I shall be no further trouble to you, as I lhave pro. videdl for myself nowi." "I don't think that is fair. I want .haluf the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thing on you." " I tell you I will niot give you half of it," Armytage replied aingrily. "' You didn't give iie half of yours, and you miust be con tent with what you get. If you denoune me to the police I will do the same with you and we'll both lose everythling." The dcterminued tone of the man conviiicd Sheridan that it would be useless to argue further with him then, and after reflecting a little time hlie said: "Well, don't let us quarrel atbout it. I know you are a good-hearted fellow, and I will trust to your honor for a fair division. Perhaps to-morrow we may find more,and we will be content." It is very easy to talk of " to-morrow," but it never comes to some peiople. Thcuia:ands who look upon the setting sun with bright hop' s :an: p,:l.i for the futtura in theirh minds, never again see the glorius;; orb of day illumine the weorld: for, in d:iylight or dark, that tircless reaper Death pursues his course, and ever and always the!IhunanI h:tr,est is being gathered in by the Sickle of the Gleaner. CHAPTER XXI TIME aIiSER'S CUIRSE. - Women and wine are generally understood to be the ruin of men who go wrdng on life's highway, but whilst there is a good deal of truth in the statement, it is juite beyond doubt that gold is responsible for more human wrecks than the oth6r two causes combined. Money is a two-edged weapon. It will cut both ways. It is potent for good or ill. For, while it can be imade the means of in calculable good-of rescutng the waifs and strays of the.world-it c/hi also be used to drag down the best of hu!tnariity. There is probably no churse so terrible asto be a miser. The blnr'iig thirst for goldsaps up the genial sprigis. of lift, a:l the affec tions that should ,he l11vishied oIl his kin are hiestowed by tihe lnisxr on hi.s mnoney-bags: Ie lives for nothiug else but ho1irding gold, an hlie is a uselesos exrisce"'ce on the human race. 'Racked with. fear:. and forebodings of loss, lhe never knows what contentt or happi ness is, aind his life in reality is an accurscd One. Sieh:idl Sher idn1wia s l ilft, in the full sense, a miser, but lie had the ,seeds of thle com plaint in his colmpluitil, and they only needed soiimnethiing to fend on when they would burst forth luxuriantly and produce a rich harvest of results. After his unsatisfactory; interview with Arimytage, he left the bedroom and went. to another part of the hiouse, where he seated himself at a table with a bottle of brandy in front of. him. Tint: after time he helped himself to the fiery liquior and, with lis el bows.on the'table and his he!d ljetween lxis hiands, lie remained fbr hours in profoundest thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and lie muIittred., aloud : " I must have half. ;utd I don't see why I shouldin't have the lot. Ite folund it on iny land :lind it belongs toi ne. He'll riot leave here with it as lie thinks lie will. I must stop hinm somehowm,." Then, after a long :pusi., he raised his head and said: "I wish the wretch was deadl! If lhe was any good lie would have died before this. He is like an ill we:aed, or olie of those twis;ted and useless trees whimdm the wouodinii pass by while they fell the good olis. If lie wouldd die I'd be content." 'With these savage words on his lips his head sank oil the t:able il a heavy slumber, and hlie only awoke as the mlriling stili streamed inll ttld tihel bustle :id liolse outside awoko himl. "Where die l you get. to, last night ? You were not in yoiur -roomn," asked Arnmytage, when he met himn later on. '' I fell hasle)p in a side-room over a drop of brandy, amid slept until inorninig The quieter look on, Sheridac 's face :is Ii spoke to his colp,:ulion lid not escape. that keen- observer's untice. "Yciu don't look well, my fricid, awld you are actually shivering," hi' rema:rked. " I have ca uight cild sitting up so foolislh ly all night, I suppose, and I m:st smy t:;hat I don't feel well," was the reply. Arimytage had ni wish that Sheridan should accompany himi that dny as lie had his own plsus to lay, and the fartmier, with ftlt soinewhat colscielce-stricken mt-len lie re membered his thoughts of the previomi night, also wished to be alone, and. he. said : "It would be only temptiing providence for me to go out to-day. I will go to bed." This exactly suited Armytage, for it Wouldl bhe, to say the least, incouvenient to pointout where he got the gold. and next day het in tended to quietly depart with his booty, without giving Sheridan anything. Tihe thought of his victim lying in the x?wood cutter's but was liaumtiing hin, and lie wanted to get, away from the district; yet some indefinable imnpitlse urged him to re main. "I will stop another day, at any rate. Nothing willI hIappe in that short tiime, lind then I will leave lhere forever anld leave niy avaricious and gambling frieiid to hiiisiilf ilnd his cards, t."he thoight. "IDon't you thiink we had better l:t our search for the gold stand over util to-mlor row ?" hle spke aloud. " I thinik so, for I aui in lii huILor to go to-day," rbphied Sheridau. "A day will not in, he miih differenie,. and in the morning we will nmke a good start and, I hope, lmeet with aore luc:k," re plied Arniytagi. During the forcnooiL Slhecridan niever spoke a word :about the gold, Vlwhich somiCwivhat sur prised his comlpalnion, who expeteld himi to renew his asolicitationis for ;ui equal divisioji. At miid-day hlie went out, telling the farmer he would return in hour or so. Hei I had changed his clothes and wraliped the ones hle had worn on thie previous dlay ii a imundle, as he was so suspicious of disucovery that hle was determined to destroy tihem on the first opportunity. IHe had no actiual reason for this ciourse, only that undefinable dread which seems to per'petua:lly haunt the murderer. W 0hen he had gone Sheridan walked with hiltil, stepi across thctyard to a store- ihouse soein little distance from the main building. Time door was-locked, but, taking a key froml his poollet, hlie opened it amid went inside. After shutting and re-locking the door, he scarched thle shltlves,anl at :lst found a smllul eannistei-, which he took doxwn and *opcned. It was nerly full of a whvlite powder a;id, tadking a piece of paper that lay on the filor, lie put socme of the lpowder intlo it andtl re placed the canister on the self. Putting the package in one of his pockets, he opened the door and retraced his steps to the house. When Armytage wenlt away lie had no fixed inltenltion of going to any particular place. His stepsled hmli in the direction of a paddock where large trees were burning for clearing purposes. T're sight of the roaring flamnles broight to lis iiind the suit of soiled clothes?, which lhe .hadi wrapped in a btudle and left in the bedrooim. " I was a fool to leave that parcel behinld. Imec. The sooner it is destroyed the safer I will lbe: I'll go back and get it now and burn it. No one will nlotiecnl-e." Repro'aching himself for his foolishicess in not at out:e destroyiing the clothes which lie seemed so Antious to got rid of, he went back to the house and entered the bedroom unperceived. i1e had taken the precaution before lear ing to take nearly all the gold with him, and only a snmall portion had bcOnl concealed in tile rooim. "It's not safe to trust Sheridan," lie thought; " but even if he takes this small portion it won't be nmuch of a loss." As he lifted up the bed-clothes for the bun die he had hidden there he uttered a lowv cry of dismay, for it was gone. If hlie ihad just been senteucld to deatmh he could not have been more terror-stricken than hle was liat that mlomIlent. IIHe sat down on the ,edl tremlbling--after first turning it over and searchiig the room in the hope that he might discover the bun die.somewhere about, but his search proved fruitless.-To nECo TIuetrED. S10 1 2' 11 