OUR MODERN MIRACLES. Mr. Maskolyno, the wall known conjuror, nnd Dr. Woathorly nro evidently of opinion that things nre growing serious in the world of miracle. They have accordingly laid tlioir heads together to produce a sort of counterblast against the marvellous in a volume which they call The Supernatural with a note of interrogation at the end. It is not a moment too soon. Evory day brings forth its exhibitiou of abnormal powers, ni. O -?a become one vast leoturo room of the Salpetriore. In one establishment tlioy are hypnotising people iu battalions, in another they aro holding heated debatoon the possibility of growing roses with a wave of tho hand. I'ilsowhore two or threo strong mon are breaking chains or lifting weights by tho ton, ono against the other, as abnormally " as tho rest, for their muscle is ns much out of tho common as a Mahatma s brain. Lastly, a delicate woman is putting even these giants to shamo in feats of physical strongtb, nnd iu her case it is only tho touch of nn cleetric hand. Tho doctor and his coadjutor have evidently not put pen to paper a moment too -soon in the interests of public sanity. One of them is a human witch finder, that is to say, a finder out, and lie may be regarded as tbe hand -.of tho process of exposure, wlulo the other is the brain. Dr. AVeatherly expounds tho philosophy of illusion and hallucination, Mr. Maskolyno shows how the tmiig is done. They li&vo; chapters ou Kpiritunlism, chapters on dreams. Ghosts receive the hardest measure from them ; they will hold no terms with phantasms of tho living; ami for thcosophy in the occult department the severity of tlioir language is only the just measure of tho intensity of their contempt. Thoy liavo nothing now to say about these things, but thoy repeat the old things for the purposes of warning. Dr. "Wcatherly holds tliat natural causation is tho origin of all super natural seeming. A11 our phantasms, ho soys, aro either illusions — that is to say, cases in which, having some fixed idea in our minds, wo oonnect it through the organs of sense, with & wholly fanciful imago without— or hallucina tions in which wo reverse tho process. In the latter we work from without inwards. Wc see something— the hoad of a turnip outside of us, and it immediately suggests to our disordered inner mau the head of a ghost. Speaking broadly, tho pure theory of this exposure is not i much moro recondite than "late suppers." j Thoro is something tho matter with us when wo have these experiences so much out of tho coramou, and wo have only to get well' again, in body or mind, to have our illusions disappear. The maddest people sco tho most sights. Always keep a box of matches by your bedaido in a I li&unted; house. As often as not tho phantom is merely rata. These wero the directions for ghost laying, given to our fathers, and they are nearly as venerable as tho ghost stories themselves. Tho annoying thing is that tho stories persist in Bpito of thorn, and that tho ghosts im pudently assumo now disguises in every ago. This lays a heavy burden on tho police of the night side of nature. The best haunted man m all London is probably Mr. Maskelyne lumsolf. Ghosts that ho has collared a dozen timeB, and "put away" for long terms of penal servitude in thoir own sphere, nro constantly roturning to break his rest. Ho hhs laid tho Indian miracle mon over and over again, yot hero they; are once more. It is but tho old impostor in a now disguise. If these mon are half so extraordinary as their dupes would have us bolieve, Mr. M&skclyno; wonders why they have nevor been brought to London to reap a harvest of gold. This seems a very pertinent observation. Tho basket and child trick, which Bome people will regard as marvellous, is the simplest thing in the world. The basket is so made that tho little child can bo snugly coiled all round tho upper part of it, while the juggler is passing the sword baokwards nnd forwards beneath, and producing tho streams of blood by a procosB almost too simple to deserve mention. When ho lifts up the basket, tho child has dis appeared, for it is still in its narrow prison within. When he sots it down again, the little one who is seen trotting up from the neighbor ing grove is merely a twin brother of the still concealed original. The mango, trick is done with tlm help of a bag, or cloth fitted with pockets, in which tho various specimens that are presently to ba produced by watering a dry stick aro carefully stowed away. As for spiritua lists, well nigh overy medium of note has been in tho long run fully exposed. Tho Misses Fox, who made a great impression in America somo yeoraogo, were found on medical examination to to be mcro "loosely constructed girls," who Eroduccd the raps by snapping their too and nee joints. They finally " owned up " in the handsomest way. Tho Davenport Brothers, I who wore expoaod by Messrs. Maskelyne and j Cooke, wore tho Bons of an American policeman, who taught them their trade. It was but a now form of an old trade which comes from tho east, | bnt the brothers carried it to great perfection. The instantaneous tying and untying was simply marvollous, says Mr, Maskelyne. It baffled him | for a long while, till the acoident&l; falling of a piece of drapery from a window, at a critical I moment, let him into the secret. In a few months after that ho and Mr. Crooko repro | duced every item of tho Davenport cabinet and dark s6a.net. j The inexplicable, according to Mr. Maskelyne, i is merely something wo h&vo; not lad time or 1 opportunity to oxplain. In some instances, it is | to be very simply explained by a word of three ! letters. That word will come in nscful, in our ' estimate of a certain story of the Emperor Jchangire. His Majesty declared he had seen a chain thrown into the air aud remain fixed, while lions, tigers, dogs, pigs and panthers were made to asoend and vanish at tho top. A few years ago, as Dr. Maudsloy has reminded us in his well known book, a chief judgo of a British Consular Court told a ghost story of a most interesting character. He had onco been dis turbed, he said, in tbo middle of the night by a reporter of the court, who insisted- on having a copy of a written judgment whioh the judge waa to deliver on the morrow. The man simply walkod into his bedroom, and tbo judgo, fearing to awaken his sleeping wife, eomplicd with the extraordinary request. The next day, when tho judge entered tho court, the ushor an nounced tho suddon death of the reporter in question. It had taken place at tho very mo- monfc of his nooturu&l; visit—about 1 in the morning. This story was afterwards contra dicted in almost every important particular byone who knew all the facts. In the first place, there waa no sleeping wife in tho matter. The judgo waa a widower at tho time. In tho next, the judge had no written judgment to deliver on tbe day to which he referred, and therefore ho delivered none. Then, the reporter did not dio at tho hour of the alleged visit, but between 8 and 9 in the morning, and after a good night's rest. This contradiction was sent to tho judgo; he was angry, but ho was not able to oontraaict it in his turn. Our authors are clearly of opinion that all other narratives of this sort would faro no better, if thoy could be tested in tho same way. "Mero sohoolboy tricks— nothing more." This is how Mr. Maskelyue, of Egyptian Hall fame, describes the feats of Miss Ann to Abbott, the "littlo Georgia magnet," Mr. MaBkelyne roes nothing remarkable in them. In his opinion tho wholo matter is purely one of leverage. The performer is aoquaintcd with certain natural laws, known to every schoolboy—" and to many schoolgirls, if it comes to that," added Mr. Maskelyne, and "these aro employed by her with considerable skill. A very interesting entertainment, no doubt," romnrked Mr. Maskelyne, "but beliove me, there is nothing supernatural or oven remarkable about it." " Suppose it had boen olaimod for . Miss Abbott that she possessed more than mortal powers; what then!" "Ah, then," replied the wonder worker, "I should have felt it roy duty to repeat tho per formanae upon Uio sto&of.; the Egyptian Hall, and to show- liow. thA. tlifng is done. Aa it is, this is not necessary. Tho public are finding out tho fiecrct for them selves. "But what about Miss Abbott's abnormal temperature; surely that is not artificially produced V "Of course, thoro is nothing simpler. If you tnhulo through the lips and exhale through tbo nostrils your mouth will naturally romain cool." "Naturally ; but is it not inconceivable that a scientific man should bo content to iufer tho general temperoturo of the lady from the condi- tionof her mouth?" "Not at all; scientific men aro always tho most gullible. They aro so accustomed to wonderB that they aro ready to credit a remarkable story whenever and where- ever found. Whatever the men of Ecicncc who i5rti I,rcsen Alhumbra on. Saturday may mnk, no practical man can have any doubt as to I he true nature of the performance. It con- sints of elaborated schoolboy tricks — very in teresting and amusing, but no more super natural than arc my Mahatm&s.;" At the Egyptian Hall, London, Mr. Maskelyne and his confederates have taken occasion to travesty tho supposed wonders of tho Tlieoso- phists. Thoy "precipitate " not post cards or letters, but a human being. Tho new and orma mystery which the inventors have named Oh . is thus described by an eye witness The human being was brought on ; was seated in a chair with a sheet of iron placed boaeath it to prevont him getting through tho floor ; ono gonUeman from the front held a string fastened to Ins waist; another grasped his hand ; and then, somo ourtains being drawn around him, he, on tho word of " the master, " vanished into thin air, to come up slightly dazed soon after wards near the front row of stalls. This now edition of the vanishing trick was very neatly done, and was loudly applauded ; and then Mr. Maskolyno made basto to explain that although apparently tho work of tho spirits, it was so mundane that tho invontors had legally secured the principle without exposing the secret, and that if the Mahatmas or anybody else attempted it, Mr. Nevil Maskelyne and Mr. Charles Mor- ritt wonld bo "down upon thorn " in a way to mako them repont of their rashness. 