AUMT DOLLY'S GkSOST. Many years ago one of the oldest houses m the town of D was left vacant by the death of its sole occupant, a little old lady whom everyone called Aunt Dolly. The house was in a bad condition, and since the heir did not care to make the necessary repairs, the sign, 44 For Sale or To Let " hung ia the window for more than six years. At last a new faatory was buiU in the town, a demand for dwelling place! sprang up, and the old house was rented. Before the month was gone a family who had moved in suddenly moved out again, declaring that they couldn't stand the ghosts. People laughed, but when family after family moved out of the house, each Insisting that Btrange and unaccountable sounds were heard there, always at night, it came to be generally admitted that something must be wrong. Fer a long time the house stood empty again and the children, going back and forth to school would look mysterious and talk about Auni Dolly's ghost, its big red eyes, and toe terrible noises if s&ade.; These noises were always heard in the back kitchen, which opened directly out of doors. At last the owner of the house determine! tc find out whether there was anv foundation foi the current reports. He took his gun and sal upon toe staire leading out of the kitchen to watph for the ghost. About 12 o'clock the back door, which hung loose upon its hinges, creaked ominously, opened with a slam, and the ghost slowly walked into the kftchea. The man started a little, but composed himself tc watch toe proceedings. The ghost stood still a moment, then shaking itself once or twice, and giving its head a toss, it walked across the room, and putting its head down in a corner, took a long drink from toe old "open well, fed: by. a spring very near the surface, which the man" remembered to havs been there when he was a boy." He had fallen into . it once, and had ' been rescued by Auni Dolly, whose r fasted ghost was now refreshing Then the ghost gave a cough which made th< windows rattle dubiously. The mau!aughe< softly to himself and waited. Suddenly, pro bably aware for the fleet time that a mortal wa sharing its nightly vigil, the ghost put one foo on the stair and waited to be spoken to ; foi ghosts never speak except in answer to a ques torn. The man seized the hair which grew dowi over the ghost's forehead, and while he led th di-turber of honest folk's slumber out of to back door and across the pasture to hia owi estate, he talked to it as probably no ghost wa ever talked to before. 44 So you're the sperrit, air you, you miser able old nag ? Ana all these years you'veben a disturbin' people a' takia' money out o 1113 pocket, an' all just because old Aunt D0U3 learnt you toe trick o' eomin' into the kitchei an'gettiu' a drink when you were thirsty. An this's toe way you take, advantage o me whei you're put in too barn cellar aU to yourself An here you've been a-Jritm' off every night an' gettin home afore anyone suspected youU a-goue. You're & pretty nag, &in3; you now.' The horse, a soon as ine story becameknoivni was re-nmedAunf Dolly's GhpsL The hotu# reptod,Tiud ni> difficiflty ifi rantfek-tt wa aftenraxds experifececL r 