THE RIVAL BELLES. OF PARRATATTA. A CHARMING LO VE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. RS LAURA JEAN .IBBE. .. CHAPTER XXII. A as o DmIOCOnY. The next afternoon, as Max Forrester sat, in his arm-chair by the lace-draped wiadow, his fair head bent dejectedly on his hands, the door opened softly and his mother entered. ' Max," she said, huskily, "you are wearing your life out. Willt you neverbe able to forget '" An expression of deep pain crossed his handsome face. "No," he answered, desperately. "Try as I will, never for a moment am I able to forget ; waking or sleeping, alone or in the midst of crowds, the face of Florabel is ever before me. Despite all, I cannot believe my darling has gone-to him. I wil sot beieve it." "oYo must not brood over this matter, my son," said Mrs. Forrester, laying her jewelled hand on his fair, clustering curls. "onstant brooding has dethroned many a mans reason. You are my only son, Max. If anything seould happen toyou, I--I should die. You most give up the boe of searching out Arthur Hurhurnst gel holding him accountable," she faltered. "I will trace him and And out what he is to Florabel if it costs me my life," he answered; bitterly. "'e is in Sydney, ?thedr," he went on, huskily. "I have traced him here ; sooner or later we shall meet." ... "I pray Heaven you may not," an swered Mrs. Forrester, fervently: , . The. following day, as. Max stepped fro?ik cab, the first person whom he met was Gerald Thorndyke, his old college friend; ' Why, Forrester," said Gerald, aghast, "how changed you are l I would not have recognised you if you had not spoken. Come into this cafd. I have not dined yet, and ie will have a talk over old times. What do you say 1" "Certainly," said" Max, leading the way. .. . "What is this you wrote me," said Max, turning abruptly to his friend after they had given their order, " about going to marry one woman while your heart was another's? Take my advice;, don't do Gerald Thordyke . flushed red, then terned deadly pale. "Fate has taken all choice in the mat ter out of my -hands," he replied, with much embarrassment. "The heiress broke off the engagement with me; and the girl for whom 1 would have renounced a fortune refused me point blank, with scorn and derision, then suddenly disap eared. I have been trying to discover her whereabouts ever since. Gerald Thorndyke knew his friend's strict notions of honor too well to tell him *retly how the affair had happened; indeed, it was a source of deep annoyance to recall the matter at all, all save that part of it relating to Florabel "No doubt you censure me, Forrester for admiring one when I was engaged to another, but if you had seen Miss Vane you would not have marvelled at that. Why, she was as beautiful as a dream, with a beauty at once peculiar and strik ing. Her face was as fair as a lily; her dimpled cheeks like two pink roses; and her eyes-it would take a painter or a poet to describe them- they were of a rich hazel, wonderfully pathetic ; and the little head was crowned with a mass of curling, golden hair. Why, heavens l Forrester, what is the matter? yolpok as pale as a ghost." "A ghost of the past has just risen up to confront me. Do you know, Thorndyke; you have described accurately-my wife 1 I did not believe the round world held one like her. You shall see her picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt but you have heard my story; the news papers have aired it pretty thoroughly." Te, I have heard of it," replied Thorndyke, extending his hand and grasp ing that of fMax in earnest sympathy; "but I hope all will come out right in the end." " Never I" declared Max, firmly.' As he spoke he took the portrait from his breast pocket and handed it across the :able to his friend. One glance, then Gerald Thorndyke spmn to his feet with a startled cry. "My God I am I mad, or do I dream 1" lie cried, excitedly. "No, no, my senses are not playing me false; thiis the por aril d Miss Faseu Even her name, in herown-delicate chirography, it beneath it--Floribel. Do you mean to tell me this-itbi-is your wife, ForresterT' he said, his voice husky with agitation. "Yes," replied Max, wonderingly. "*Then, by all that is wonderful, I deelare solemnly this is the same young il 'I knew as fMiss Vane-Florabel Vane," said Gerald, white to the lips but not more white than Max. " This is the girl with whose lovely face I fell madly in love at first sight." Max had sprung to his feet in intense amaszement. " I do not comprehend what you say," cried Max, hoarsely. "Make this thing clear to me, Thorndyke." " I will," replied Gerald. " Calm your self. Sitdown and listen. I will tell you all;" and he told him briefly and truth fully the story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought her and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that.had transpired smce. "It is but two days since that you saw her in the park, you say ?1 gasped Max. " It is so,", replied Gerald. "And you have been searching for her ever since, but can find no traoo of' her ?" questioned Max, breathlessly. "If the green earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, she could not be more completely lost to the world," said Gerald. " "For weeks she had been the com panion of Miss Carlisle., That was proof positive, then, that she was not with Hurl rast. He could have cried aloud to Heaven with very joy for that. Hows cruelly the world had judged her, his poor, innoent darling. A flash of something very like the truth dawned upon him. Believing that he would keep his word-that .he. meant to 'leav her--she had gne quietly away-to 'face the great'cold world-alone. Then, in the face of all this, he remem bered her letter. She had written on that tear-blotted page that she was "going to Arthur;" and at the thought his face grew dark and stormy. He would have given his life to have believed in herinno cence; but, ah, Heaven I how could he? how could he? He bowed his handsome, troubled face in his hands, his tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. It had been a severe breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in love with lovely young girls; but he never made the fatal mistake of admiring or givingone thought to a beautiful woman on whom another had:claims which should always be held sacred. "I will pledge you my word to do all in my power to aid you in finding her, Max," he said, as they parted an hour later. "Rest assured, if she is in Sydney we shall soon know it ; and this fellow Hurl hurst-we will give him a little attention, too." Gerald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. "I'm the most unlucky dog under the sun," he ruminated. "Miss Carlisle 'and her fortune .gone; and the girl I .have loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride. Was there ever such a contretemps-such a strange revolution of the wheel of fate 1" He walked into the reading-room of thl hotel, and threw himself down into an arm-chair near the window. A young man sat opposite him, glancing eagerly down the columns of a newspaper. His face seemed to attract Gerald Thorndyke strangely at first glance. Feel ing intuitively the deep scrutiny of the prolonged gaze bent upon him, the young man dropped the paper nervously and turned hastily away. "Why should he do that ?" thought Thorndyke, picking upa paper and pre tending to be absorbed in its columns. "LThere is something wrong there. I feel sure: That fellow will bear watching." Twice the young man rose from his seat and paced up and down the floor of the reading-room, eagerly watching the great brenzse clock on the wall. Several strangers entered the room, and Gerald Thorndyke saw him glance keenly, and with repressed uneasiness and agitation, very carefully at each and every one; and as they looked at him indif ferently and passed by, he turned away in apparent relief. As the porter passed by the door he beckoned to him. `"Has my baggage been taken'down from my room yet?" he asked, hesi tatingly. " Not yet, air," returned the man. "You are to take the 8:45 train. It is only 8:15 now. You have plenty of time." The young man resumed his seat and his paper. "I shall never feel safe until I have put considerable'distance between Sydney and me," he muttered. At that instant one of the boys stepped. into the room, holding a telegram in his hand: "TIs Mr. Arthur Hurlhuret here ?" he asked, glancing quickly among the dif forent groups of gentlemen. " A telegram for him." The young man sprang to his feet and held nut his hland for it, saying, in a con strained voice :: "This way, my lad. I am Arthur Hurlhurst." CHAPTER XXIII. " SEND FOR HIM. TELL HIM'I AM DYING, I CANNOT RES T? IN MYt nAVE UNLESS I mAVE SEEN HII." If a thunderbolt had souddenly fallen from a clear sky and exploded at Gerald Thorndyke's feet, he could not have been more startled. Couild it be possible that the man For rester was looking for-who had caused him-such a world of woe-was within his grasp In an instant he had made up his mind what course to pursue. He would detain him until BIax Forrester could be sent for. Approaching him', Gerald opened a conversation with him with great care, taking the precaution of sending a special messenger in 'great haste for Max first. Gerald Thorndyke knew so well how to make himself a " thoroughly good fellow," as his companions expressed it, that he quite charmed Arthur. " I am sorry I did not meetyou before," he said, rising to leave the reading-room. "I leave Sydney to-day. I shall have to bid you good-bye now. There was a quick, ringing step outside; some one burst into the room with a bound; and before Arthur Hurlhurat could wheel about, a hand like a grip of iron fell on his shloulder, and a hoarse voice--which he knew but too well-fell hoarsely on his ear, crying out: " I have tracked you down at last, you vlla?n! Most ant otner man would shoot you down on the pot ; but I will give you an equal chanice with sme for your life. ButI will have this acursed affair cleared up first. Answer me 1 Where is Flora bel ir' Arthur Hurlhourt attempted to shake himself free, but the grasp on his shoulder 'was as firm as bands of steel. Much to Max Forrester's" amazement, the brown eyes of the young man meot his unflinch ingly. "Upon my honor, aawer you candidly, Idonot knowr," he replied, calmly.... S"Tell moon the spot, or I, will not be accountable for what may happen after : what is Florabel to you TI It almost killed.XIax Forrester to utter these words;'but' he must k?iow'the truth. : "I may as well make a clean 'breast of it," said Arthur' frankly"aiid 'throw myself uponnyourimercy.: Excuse wiill not avail.' 1 ee :you are it for hearingthe whole'truth,' .. " Yes," said Max; harsel ', L.will have the truth." . " What I have to say shall never be told before : a third party,""; said,! Arthur, proudly.-.. .-. 'You can retire, :Gerald,"i said'Max. '"I will deal with this fellow alone." - " Now, then,'speak out'quickly," 'cried Max, harshly. " Answer my question at once. "LI. am Florabel' brother," :replied' Arthur, slowly. " This I swear to you. But before I explain' further, you must give me your solemn promise that: you will not reveal what I am about to tell you to any living person, for upon this strange paint hangs whatseems to you poor little Florabel'a unaccountable actions."' ? ? ax Forrester dropped-back a.'Lough' " Florabel's brother I"' he guaped. "Inipossible o How 'dare you tell me this?. She has no brother." ".I am her brother-her miserable, un happy, worthless brother," responded Arthur, sadly. "I wish to heaven I had never made myself known to the poor girl, to have brought all this misery upon her.' If you were not blind, Forrester, you could trace in my face the relationship, It does not admit of doubting." Ah, yes I Here were the same hazel eyes, the sweet mouth, the' crinkled, golden, curly hair; the same trick' of creating the head backwaird. Yea, yes, he must 'believe the truth.. This was certainly Florabel's brother. Gladly he gave the required promise. Hiesexcitement was so great he scarcely breathed as he listened to. Arthur Hurl hurst's or rather Arthur Dean's recital of the life he had led. Hunted down for crime, how he had met Florabel, recog nising her instantly as his sister, and how he had made the fact known to her when she met him, at his earnest request in the rose arbor. ".Oh, how much misery might have been spared if Florabel had but told me I" groased Max, burying his face in his "The• poor child belieded yod wonld leave her if you knew her to te the daugh ter. of a criminal and the sister of a forger,7-' replied Arthur;a" and on her knees she begged' me to keep all know ledge of' that from you,' althoughshie wanted to toll you I was her brother. But this I made her take a solemn vow not to'do, for I dreaded lest, with your fine notions of honor, you"would hand me over to the authorities. ' " I bade her good-bye and left her. The next thing I knew she came on to Sydney.to me, telling'me, with' sobs and tears, of your 'cruel suspicions, and beg ging me to go back' with her and set the matter straight. I put the poor child off from week' to ' week, for, as I said before, I feared lest you would give me 'up'tb the authorities if ydo knew all, and it would be sure to come out." Then,' with; face flushing and paling with shame, he told the story of the diamonds which he had taken from Florabel, and not being bold enough to face her, had deserted her, leaving her alone, penniless, in the large, strange city. 'Max Forrester's emotion was so great he could hardly withhold his terrible wrath at this point, on listening to the pitiful desertion of poor, beautiful, hapless Florabel, his wronged, innocbnt darling. "From the hour in which I left her to take out the diamonds to sell I have not looked upon her face," concluded Arthur. Slowly 'Iax drew from his breast pocket a pencil and memorandumn. "What is the name of this firm 'whom you have wronged, and 'who are hunting you down ?" he asked, abruptly. Arthur told him, also the amount of his defalcation. "You stand clear with the world all save this ?" Max asked. " Yes," replied Arthur; "Then, for Florabel's sake, you shall walk amongst people a free man once more; I will send the firm a cheque to cover the amount. - Leave me. - I cannot look upon:your:+face, remembering hbrw you left ny.darling as' heartlesly at the mercy of the world." Go 1" Ho would listen to no thanks d re'no grets "Go I'! he said! " You have brought about all the trouble between- Florabel and me. Never "let re s'see your fac'e again. "I swear to .you .I .will reform. The time shall come when Flocabel will have no'need to blush for me," declared Arthur. "Let me'provemy gratitde'for what you have done for' me by' trying to 'find her. If Iwereotoput apersonal in the daily papiers, asking her to come to me, she would do it" tax eagerly caught at the suggestion. Despite all their efforts they could find no trace of Florabel. As Gerald Thorn-' dyke nhad ?id: ''if lide'artil had opened and awal lowed her,:she could not be more com pletely lost to the world." The golden summer waned; the first fall of snow heralded the approach of winter. Where was Florabel? Max wondered, with a deep groan, as he stood watching the blinding anow-flakes. Ah I had he but known. Inez Clavering had heard the wonder ful story of poor Florabcl's complete vindication with a beating heart. Her hopes were dashed forever now in regard to Max's applying for and obtaining a divorce from Florabel. That would never be now; but abshe ; should take a terrible revenore upon MFax b-mcause she could never win him. She t could separate him and Florabel forever. I Inez Clavering had secured a board ing-place for Flurabel with her old nurse. Itru. BIurgoyne, in Geelong, a woman, .,,e soul seemed bound up in glitterin: T . a mea s o so tno ? ns ? wtes no lettsrahiochyou do not mail; and those you are to senm secretly tome, telling her, of course, from day to day. there his been as yet no answer." Thee. had been Inez Clavering's strict instructions, and the woman carried them out to the letter. Twice a week Inez-who, under the guise of friendship. was Florabel'e bitterest foe-went to Geelong to see Florabel, for, she was very ill now. On this stormy day Inez had gone to. Geelong to see Florabel, for the old nursea had written her before midnight inall probability the crisis would be past. . Florabel held out her little white hand to her as Inez approached the couch with the most wan, pitiful smile that ever was seen. .i '"Is he with you, Inel?" she mur iured, in a fearful whisper. " Did you tell him how ill I was ? and would he not ominer "I told him," 'repled 'Ine, smoothly ; !' but he manide no reply as to .whether he would come ornot." .:iHe must comel, oh, God? he must come l"~cried Florabel,, starting, up, :and, wringing her hands wildly. "I am going to de,'Inee," 'she Wailed piteously. ' I am sure I am. When the dark eshdows close around me, let his face be the last I shall see. Let me die with my head on' his breast. Oh, Ines, I cannot rest in my grave, no matter how deep they bury me, until I have seen him." "I will telegraph him to come on at once," assented Inez. All through the long hours that fol lowed Florabel was asking : " Eas he come ?" .The answer was always "ee o.:~ . -:w?: 