MUSIC AND DDAMA- ! It is proposed to inaugurate a now sorie3 of popular ballad concerts in the Centennial-hall on Friday next, under the musical direction of Mr. F. J. Hallewell. Tho business manage lnont of the now venture will bo in the hands- of Dr. W. F. Morrison, M.A., of Macquarie street, who lia3 elsewhere had considerable experience in the arrangement of entertain ment of this kind, and it 13 intended that tho remuneration of the artists engaged shall i partake to a certain extent of the share prin ciple. Tho concerts will bo framed generally upon the same lines us the Turner concerts, j and though the vocal and instrumental forces will be mainly drawn from local sources, tho introduction of artists not resident in Sydney; will form one of tho features of this series of performances. The first three concerts will be given on tho 18th, 19th and 21st of tho present month, and afterwards they will pro bably 1)0 held weekly. The arrangements arc not as yet completed, hut the services of some well-known artists have already been secured. Miss Colbournc-Babor, Miss Nellie Young and Miss Isabel Web ster, A. R.G.M., who sang at the Tur ner concerts, need no introduction to Sydney audiences. Miss Galvini, con tralto, i3 a debutante of whom report speaks most favorably. Mr. G. H. Macdougal, of Batlmrst, Mr. A. J. Searl and Mr. HalleweU will also appear as vocalists, and Miss Niay, E. R.G'.M. (piauisle), Mr. Harold Walts (flautist) and Mr. Lewis (accompanist) form the nucleus of the instrumental section. Popnlar prices will prevail, and no doubt tho artistic merits of the undertaking will result in its proving a success from the more mate rial standpoint. The incidental innsie written for Mr. Bcerbohm Tree's revival of " Hamlet" at the Hayinarket Theatre by Mr. liensehel lias attracted considerable attention in London. Not only is the music described as appro priate in its relation to tho drama, hut, lileo that of Mendelssohn to the " Midsummer Night's Dream" and of Grieg to " Peer Gynt," it appears to be equally well adapted for performance as a suite in the concert-room, it was first heard iu this form at the fourth London .Symphony Concert, ou January 26. Mr. Heuschel, who is equally successful in tho capacity of composer, vocalist or con ductor, is the director of these concerts. The suite consists of five movements, denominated respectively — Prelude, " Ophe lia," Interlude and Pastorale, " Ophelia's Death" and Danish March. The Prelude is based chiefly upon two motives intended tended to represent or rather suggest Hamlet's communings with himself, and the "Ophelia" section is of a tonderly melodious character, as its title indicates, and forms an admirable "contrast to the prelude. The " Interlude," nn allegro impetuoso iu G minor, is spoken of as extraordinarily dramatic, and the " Pastorale," played in tiie drama jnst before tiie churchyard scene, as sweet and tuneful. "Ophelia's Death" and the Danish March are also thoroughly in keeping with tiie dramatic situations with which they arc associated. Referring to the introduction of themes sug gestive of the dramatis personal into the incidental music of plays, " G. S. R." of the Worhl humorously observes " Mark my words, as actors come to understand these things better we shall have such scenes at rehearsal as have never before been wit nessed in a theatre — Rosencrantz threatening to throw up his part because his motive is half a bar shorter than Guildeiistern's ; tiie Ghost claiming on Mozart's authority an ab solute monopoly of the trombones, or Hamlet asking the composer, with magnificent polite ness, whether he would mind doubling the basses with a contrafagotto, in order to bring out tho Inky Cloak theme a little better !" At the London symphony concert just referred to M. Gorski, a Polish violinist, tiiayed the G minor Concerto of Max Brucli, and his interpretation of the number is favo rably commented upon by the press. The interest attached to this item lies in the fact that M. Gorski has been announced to ap pear along with M. Padereivski, tho pianist, during his Australian tour. Strictures have from time to time been passed upon the introduction of transcrip tions into ids programmes by" our city orga nist. A glance at the subjoined programme of a recital recently given by if r. Best at Liverpool will reveal tiie fact that in ilia desire to meet the popular tasto M. Wiegand is not alone when drawing upon sources out side the range of legitimate organ music : — Overture, "La Barcarolle," Auber;duet, " Quis est homo " (" Stabat Mater"), Bossini ; Selections from the " Water Music," Handel ; "Air with variations from Symphony in D major," Haydn ; and " March of the Priests" (" .Semiramicle"), Rossini. Mr. Charles Gleimey, who lias just arrived in Sydney under engagement (thu duration whereof is at present limited to six month:-.) to M r. Bland Holt, may fairly be regarded as a London representative in bis class. Curiously enough,' his first introduction' to- London was effected under engagement to Mr. Clarauee Holt, whose son is now intro ducing liim in Australia. The Claranco Holt engagement war. effected in 1873, Mr. Glenney playing then in a version of " Les Miserables." Since then lie lias made im- meusc forward strides in the profession, until now he might almost challenge historic Wyudham for supremacy as a light come dian, while he lias an unequalled reputation in character villains. Parts which lie will probably reckon among his best are Mor timer Mumpleford hi "Con fusion," Tom Jones in "Sophia," and Johnny Lamb iu "New Babylon," in all of which ho was the originul. Another part "created" by liim is Dr. Glen in " Tho Balloon," a play by .Mr. J. H. Daniley, of "The Solicitor" and "Tho Barrister" celebrity. Iu a long season with Irving at the Lyceum Mr. Glenney played Tybalt in " Romeo and Juliet," Don John in "Much Ado About Nothing." and Gratiano in "Tho Merchant of Venice;" and nnotlier reminiscence of his career is association with Mr. G. W. Anson in " Out of the Hunt" at tho Royalty. Mr. Glenuey's view of theatrical progress is the pleasant one. He thinks the romantic drama (our equivalent, that is, to the melo- dramajis the most popularclass of play in Eng land, and that the thrcc-act farcical comedy almost shares honors with it. He does not regard with a pleasant eye, commercially or critically, plays which deal witii the ugly side of human nature, and lie smiles in memory of much fun at the mention of the late "Independent Theatre," dedi cated to Ibsen and ,'iola. " People in Eng land," lie says, " are agreed with tiie colonial verdict which places 'The Silver King' at the head of its class, though plays like 'A Sailor's Knot,' which are less improbable and rather truer to life than the generality of modern dramas, arc likely to be very popular, I think." " Musical performances are making great strides in London," be adds. " If you go to see an opera like ' La Basoeln!,' for "instance, you will always see large audiences there, and a very pleasant perfor mance it is." -Mr. Glenney lias been to see " Faust" at Iler Majesty's, and looking at the production as one who had played Valentine in his time, lie desired to say that it was really excellent. Miss Olga Ncthersole, who was inter viewed by a London correspondent the other clay, lifted up her voice in praise of Australia and the good taste of the Austra lians, of the wonderful improvement she had made in her art out here, and of the high critical faculties of colonial people and their freedom iu showing what they feel. "And then, you see, everything is so well clone there, she said. " There is not a house in Loudon t.lmt can beat the best theatres in Auslntliu." Tiie extraordinary part of the interview was that in which Miss Nethersole talked about plays. This iu what sho said : — " I cannot tell you how my Australian friends have risen in my esteem since they refused to have anything to clo witii "The Dancing Girl.' I think great mistakes are ofteu made over hero in the selection of pieces for Australia. Mr. Coppin used to ask us (Mr. C'urtwright ancl myself) us to a good many of the pieces suggested to liim, and over ancl over again we hacl to tell him that such ancl such a piece would clo no good. It is such a mistake to suppose that Austra lian audiences care for 'blood ancl thunder.' They want good sound work, with plenty of genuine humor. Now, tho moral of 'The Dancing Girl' is terribly bacl all through, and I cannot understand even a Loudon audience standing it—unless, indeed, it was tho very wickedness that attracted them." As Miss Nethersole's fairly successful reper toire in Australia included a play of such questionable morals as " Moths," another ("The Idler") whose melo dramatic motive absolutely protruded through tho windows of the front parlor in which the action of the piece principally takes place, one does not easily understand how the lady works out her theory. It is unfortunate for Miss Netliersole, too, that the most competent judjes in the world have given "The Dancing Girl" a higher place than lias been reached by any play produced in Australia during the Cartwright-Ncther- sole tour. Miss Netliersole lias thoughts of taking a theatre of her own and dedicating it presumably to the bread and butter sand wich play, and Mr. Louis Netliersole is going to be one of thu directors of a new comic opera production syndicate. Mr. Walter Bentley is pursuing his suc cessful New Zealand tour, and at last ad vices was in Wellington playing to excellent business. Tho ;.laeal papers mentions that Mr. Bentley had an oiler to stay in the colony and take charge of a joint stock theatrical company, and >, that lie had tho matter under consideration. Mr. Wolherspoon, who was in Australia in charge of the " Little Lord Fuuntlcroy" Com pany, lias taken out an injunction against Messrs. J. J. Kennedy and Dobson, restrain ing them from playing " Little Lord Fuuntlc roy" iu Now Zealand, 