The Bishopric of Rockhamptou. The installation and Enthrone ment Ceremonies. An Imposing Spectacle. Yesterday, being the fenst-day of St. Andrew, was selected as the ocuasion when the Right Uov NaUiannel Dawes, ALA., should bo formally installed and unthroned into the right, title, und possession ot his Sec, tho notvly croaled Diocese ot Rookliamp- ton. A more suitnblo season could scarcely have been selected, and we are euro the grand missionary tnirlt of liiiu who was one of the grandest of tho npostlea — tho evan- eelisor of Scythia, Greece, nnd Thrace, as Eusobins, Jerome, and Nicsphorus record, and who finally suffered martyrdom at Putins, in Auhnin, on a crux deeussata —will inspire him who, yesterday, was inducted into tbo upisaopnl oversight nt tho groat district of Central Queensland. The weather, fortunately, was all that could bo desired, thus enabling many mem bers of thu Church residing in tlo distriuts surrounding Koekhamptoii to be prcsont on tho occasion. Tho eonsoquenco wns ono of the largest gatherings that has ever boen nssomblcd within tho walls of St. Paul's. The hour for the commencement of tho ser vice was 11 a.m.; bat long before this time members of tho eongrogation and thrir frlendB, as well as tho general public, began to converge from all quarters of tbe compass upan tho central rendezvous of St. Paul's Church, so as io bo able to secure fuvorablo seats. Wo wero glad to see tlio unanimity of spirit diaj'ltiycd iu the desire to do honor to one so worthy o! nil honor, which prompted tho clergy of m iny other denominations, as well ns the members thereof, to bo present nt the ceremony, 8 mongst others, the Rev Dr. Hay, as ropresontativo of thu Presbyteiiiin Church, and adlicronts of tlio Baptist, Wesleynn, Primitive Methodist, Congre gational Churches and tho Society of Friendii were all en evidence, testifying most unmistakably, to thu 'respect wherewith Bishop Dawes i3 regarded by nil sections of the community, for bin manly straight forward no: ion on all cconsions, ns well as his liberality of scniiiuont. THIS SCENE AT THE" CHURCII. By U o'clock, when tlio third boll com menced to ring, the entire linvo of St. Paul's Church presented a 'perfect sen of fnces. There was scarcely a scat to bo had in any corner where a view of tlio ceremony could bo obtained. Only at the oxtremo end of tlio transepts, from which placo the ubancul could not conveniently bo seen, wero tbero nny Bents to bo secured. Tho scene was really a most imprcssivu one. The stillness of tho vast assemblage wns scarce broken by a sound, a solemnity be gotten of a sense of tho sneredncss of tho ceremonies to bo performod so very shortly seemingly heiug present co cvoty lnina. llie sacrartum was flooded with streams of glorious golden light, which brightened nil tbo ecclesiastical furnishings, the carvings of the stalls for tho ohoir nnd tho clergy, tho atone railings of tho chancel and the tracery theroun, the stone pulpit with its Gothic pilasters and the mcmorinl tablet to tuo into Mr ltision. Through " tho storied windows richly night" of rare stained glass came thane glorious sunbeams, softened andutherealiscd by pass ing through the colored glass, and throwing curious prismatic shimmering lines over the high altar, with its ooslly allnr cloths and rich hangings, with .its deoorativo vases of choice flowers in silver vasos, and its exquisitely painted mamorial scroll, "This do in remembrance of mo." On the left hand stood tho Bishop's throno, its- pointed Gothic canopy and trcfoliated carving con trasting so well with thu general ensemble of the church, whilst on the right were the seats for i ho Bishop of Brisbane's Chaplain, and the Vicar of 8t. Paul's. Altogether tho saoariuui with its star- spangled roof, an I the lieh rugs of carpet novcring its llnor, thu uhnsto yet beautiful decorative designs upon its walls, forinod a vivid nnd impressive piece of color as viewed under tho oirouui- s'auccs recorded. THE SERVICE. Punctually at 11 o'c'ock the preliminary buzz that broke tho stillness announce I that the time at list had come for the commence ment of tiie proceedings. Tile organ (under ine euiiiui uituas or air 1. \J. WOOD; uugtus to mutter in (loop, nnd seemingly distant, tones tho preliminary bars of tho procession- ale. This denotes that the procession, bis hops, clergy, ahurehward'ens, and choristois, has loft St. Paul's Schoolroom, whore it lind been formed, and was now advancing to the western door of tho churah. Loader atd louder swell the murmurs of tho organ, and we catch iu the distance tho first notes of the voices of the choristers, as the company ap proach the church. A few moments more and the doorway is darkoned by their entranoo, and the orgnn bursts out into tbe splendid harmony of tho " Proaossiouul March," represented by the gloiiouB by mil, " The Church's ono Foiuulntlon, Is Jesus Christ, Hot Loril,'1 as tbo long line of the corhbje with eiow and statoly step swept np tbe main aisle towards the chancel. First came tbe vorger with tho prooessional cross, followed cloce'y by the members i f the Bishopric Committee, the members of the Parochial Council, and th > Churchwardens of St. Paul's, viz:— Messrs H. Mills, Wood, Turner, Woodd, Curtis, Banbury, Spiers, Ellery. Potts, Tilbury, Foulkes, and Kelly. On reaohlug the stops to the obanoel, this portion of the procossion split up into two linos, and wheeling round balf right and left turn, formed an aronue through which the remainder of the pro cession passed. Then oamo tho surpliccd choristers, thoir voieos unitim; in perfect unison in the strains of the impressive Pro- cossional Hymn. They wero followed by tbo elorgy of tho diooeso— tho Rev F, D. Pritt (North Rockhnmpton), tho Rev II. A. Morgan (Mount Morgan), the Rev G L. Will I uoo (Clermont), tho Rev J. Hunt (Springsare), the Rov R, T. Gardner (BlnoU- all), and the Rov A. H. Julius (Gladstone). Then came tho Vicar of St. Paul's, wearing the graduate's hood of 'Trinity College, Dublin. Next, walking alone, with calm and reverend mien, clad in his bishop's robes ot rod and purplo, with the sleeves of lawn, came the Bishop-Elect of Rookbamp- ton, bis massive bead bont'ns if inrnpt atten tion to tbo mngnifiaont storm of music that was rolling through tho charoh. Behind him walked tho Rov E. A. David, Examining Chaplain to the Bishop of Brisbauo, beaiing tho pastoral staff, aud last of nil the throng, clad in bis brilliiCbt .robes of scnrlot, and with his dootor's hood of tho same color thrown over him, came " tbo grorit Pricoo of tho Church" — the Bishop of Brisbane— upon whom wns to devolve so much of the respon sibility of the day 'd proceedings, Seemingly ho realised his. position, for ho also walked with bent head, likewise listening with rapt attention to the glorious volumes of harmony that were filling. the church. If the picture were instinct with life, light, and color be fore, it was tenfold more so nftor the bishops, olergy, nnd tho choristers had taken their p1ncu3 in tho obanoel. After all wore ip their places and the ProcoBsionnl Hymn bad como to a oloso with a triumphant swell of melody, like to tho paean of viotorious saldiors after eouio glorioUB engagement had boon fought and won, a groat hash foil upon tho assemblage as the Bishop of Brisbane wns seen to riso from tho throne wlioroon lie had been Bontod, and turning hiuisol! towards tlio people, ho i said in uensurod and solemn tones, " Beforo wo proceed with the duties of this occasion it is necessary tlmt you should lioar tbo mandate, or certificate, from tho Primate, authorising me to perform this ooremony.'' Hereupon the Rez E. A. David, M.A., the Bishop of Brisbane's Chaplain, advancing to tho steps lending to the altar, proceeded to road 111 a clear, wel!-articulutad maimer, the mandate from the Bishop of Sydney, Pri- uinta of Australia iud Tasmania, detailing (1) the certificate of the due and canonical clu tion of thu Right Rev Nntiiannol Dawes as B shop-EUct of tho newly-eroated diocese of Rockhamptou by the unanimous suffrages of tho olergy throughout the entire diocese known as the Central District, ns well as by tboBo of tho conimittco appointed under thu provisions of tho " Diocese of Kockbauipton Canon." (2) Furthermore, tho mandate, contained the certificate of tho confinnation of the cleotion of the Right Rev Nathanael Dawos, by tho Bonch of Biehops of Austra lia and Tasmania. (3) Finally, tho mau- dule containod tho commission from the Most Rev William Snumnrez Smith, Bishop of Sydney, and Pritnato of Australia, issued to WiUinm Thomas 'Ihornhili, by Divino permission Biehop of Brisbane, and pursuant to tlio ta'.iflention by the said Bench of Bishops, ompowcring him to instal and enllir no I ho -said Nntiiannol Dawes, Blslinp-Kluct, into all tho right:, olliaos ami privileges pertaining to tho Bishopric and Diocese of Rockhainpton. This being done, Mr David returned the mandate with a bow to tho BiHliop of Brisbane, wbo, upoo receiv ing it, rose, and called upon the individual mentioned in tho suid mnudnto. to wit. Niitlmnael, to approach nnd make tho cus tomary declaration. This may- bo termed the Episcopal Oath of Fidelity, or the Solemn League and Covenant hot ween tbo now pre-, late aud the people who in the future wore . to lio committed into his enru nnd keoping. A. hush of solemnity fell upon the groat assemblage, as rising from his placo on the right side of the altar, lie advauecu to the altar steps. A notable figure ho appeal od aB ho stood there, the cynosure of all eyes, his tall imposing pre sence, clad in the episcopal robes seen to advantage, us the sunlight streamed in through the stained glass windoive nt the end of the chancel, and suffused his urcet form- as woll as thu entire circle of tlio company within the sncuriuui with nsoft mellow glow. After bowing to tlio Bishop of Brisbane, he proccodod to repeat with exquisitely clear articulation and perfect modulation of his voice, tho following words: — " I, Natiianacl, Uisbop-lClect of Rockhamptou, do hereby promiso to respoct, maintain, und defoml tho rights, privileges, ami liberties of this Church and Diocese, a-d to rule therein with truth, justice, aud charily, not lording ifcovnr God's heritage, but endeavoring to show mvsolf an oxninp'o to tlio flock. And Hub I will do, the Lord being my helper. Am i:n." Then ail thu congregation kneeling, the special suf frages and prayers fur the Bishop-Elect were intoned, the Vicar pf St. L'ani's leading thu anti-phonal prayers. Those were concluded by the Bishop of Brisbanu offering the sup plicatory invocation immediately prior to tbo installation of the Bishop Elout. This was couched in tho following terms :— " Grant, we buseeoh Tlico, Lord, to Thy ser vant, A nthnnnol, our Bishop, that ho may both teach und do those things which bo rightful, that through tho onsnuiplo of his holy lifo lie may instruct the souls commit ted to his charge, and also n ay himself re ceive from Tlieo, Must ltightuons Pastor, the e; ornnl reward nf his labors, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amkn." This boing ctniv" eluded, tlio Bishop of Brisbauc left the throne, which v.p to this date he had occupied, and advancing to tbo placo where the liishop-Elcct wna Bitting, lie took him by the right hand, and conducting him over to tlio throne lie placed him in it, raising his haud nt tho same time as if in bloesing. Bishop Dawes being seated in the episcopal Sedile, the Bishop of Brisbunu turning towards him said: — " la tho naiuo of God, Amen, wo, William Thomas Tliornliili, by Divine permission Bishop of Brisbauo, pursuant to tlio com mission just recited, do lioroby induct thoo, .Vatlmnael, having boon duly eleotoil to ho Bishop cf liockhamptoa, into llie occupation of the See and Liouesu of Rockliampton, and do herewith iiiBtal thee in tho posses:-iou, authority, and juiisdicliou, which pertain, or shall hereafter pertain, to the Bishop of til is Sue. Aud the Lanl preserve thy going out and thy coining in from this time forth for oveimbro. Ajibn." With bent head aud features in wIiobo expression was written a full realisation of tiie weighty duties and responsibilities ho assumed in connec tion wilh building up a diocese of such dimensions as that of Koukhnmpton th.it firm determined countenance, with its keen pitroing grey eyes, deep set in their sockets, with its squurc-cut under jaw and deeply curvod under-lip, all judicative of in- vinciblo strength of will and decision nf cimrauler, could fail to realise ibutintho fi-st Bishop of Ruckhainpton we have a born loader of men, a man, who to gicnt intellec- tu.l ability unites that practical organis ing power that is simply ind.sponsublc in tho position to which ho has been called. ltUhop Dawes having bean formally in stalled and enthroned, tho choir und tbo organ, as if desirous to voico the wishes of the congregation in adding their hope that Gud would preserve the going out and tho coming in of tho Bishop of Kockbauipton, broke forth into that glorious " song of praise " the Te Ileum, whioh has been asso- ciatad with many of the greatest events in this world's history. Tho psalm' was ex cellently rendered by the ohoir, all (he finer iinaucas in tlio expression of tbe various sen- timaats recorded boing well brought out. The Bishop of Biisliane then offered the following prayer in the name of the people : — " O God, the Guide and Shepherd of Thy faithful people, graciously oaduo Thy ser vant, whom Thou lia-t chosen to bo Bis hop of this church, with tho increase of 'Thy beavoaly gifts, and grant that ho may both worthily and faithfully govern the flock committed to his ahargo; that, as a good shepherd lending. faith his sheep to tho pas tures of uiarnal lifo, ho may with them be found worthy to rcucivo from Thee the re ward of Thy faithful servants, bis duo recom- pense in Thy eternal nnd eveilasting king dom, through Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amkn." Thou after a few moments of silent mudita- liou hud succeeded, ho pronounced tho fol lowing inaguiliceut' " Boncdiotion" over tho newly cnthrouod Bishop, ns ho knelt before the lectern of tho episcopal Sedile : — "May tbo Lard be thy strength ; wliutsoeverthotl" ' askest of Him, may the Lord grant thee, to gether with truth, purity, knowledge, liber ality, love, and humility; may tho pooplo \- honor thee ; mnycet thou ho worthy, jus , sincere ; a truo apostle of Christ, May the nngels of God bo upon thy right hand aud upon thy left hand; may God establish thee in righteousness and holinoss in His Holy .Church; and may overinsling peace bo with t'lieo, both now nnd f >r evermore, through Jesus Christ, our Lord and ReJeemcr, who with the Father and. the Holy Ghost livolh and reigiivth one God, world without c-ni. Amkn." llo'ro ended the sorvioo proper for tbo iusta'lation and enthronement What followed wns the service for the Holy Com munion. After the Benediction the -Bishop of Brisbane made ono or two announcements relative to the sarvious, and thon oamo a glorious Anthem " How Lately are tho Mcs- songorsj" by Mondolssohti. In this, throe fine female voices, belonging to Mesdames Briggs, Richardson, and Miss Prince, sang tlio "burden'': of the aria, the choir joining in with very groat effeot at cortain passagos. Then oamo tho collects for tho day, read by tho Bishop of. Biisbano beforo tbo allar, followod by tho Epistle, read by tlio Rev E. A. David,'"!.'. Potor ii-, and tho Gospel, taken from j Matthew iv., 18, rend by the Kov A. Richards, Both passages wero moat clearly delivered, and wore heard all over tho church- After this oamo tho Creed, intoned and ohanted anti-phonally by tlio Uisbop cf Biisbuneiand tbo cboir, with solomn emphasis and power. THE SERMON. Thereafter I ho Bishop of Brisbane, lenving tho tacrarium, mounted the pulpit, and proceeded to deliver a really intellec tual and okquont discourso upon a subject suited to tho oooasion. That ><as, on Psalm xlv , 11th, 12th, 16th verses, " ilarken, O daughter, and consider and in cline thine car; forgot also tliiue own peoplo and thy father's bo-. so. So shall tbo king greatly dcsiie thy beauty, for ho is thy Lord, and worship thou him. Instead of thy fathers shall bo thy children, whom thou runyest mako princes in nil tho earth." His Lordship said it might seem, at first sight, when reading the pa .eago, that it wsh simply an opithnlamlum, or marriago song, and- that tho soatimonts expressed wero simply those of Uiis olinraotcr — tho nuptial odeof a'Tyrian princess. But, on looking inoro closely, it was evident that the keynote wns Btruck which sot in vibration deeper chorda of meaning, which would provo suggest ivo iu teaohing us higher and holier things regard ing tho mystical union between Christ and His Chuich — His brido that ia. Had tho Chu'cli proved licrsoif worthy of those high nnd lioly espousals ? That wns tho question for thorn to decide. Had Christ not set tho Churoh an example, both in (lis lifn and iu His deatli ? lind Ho not left tho Father's side and come 'down from Hoavcn for her; linrl Hit not. di'ntl fnv Vin lifo .<>.» tl,» " Word " been embodied iu tho principle of liis own incarnatioo, and was not His death au aot of self-sacrifice to secure tho life of His church ? But wiint did His church re turn to Him for this ? Was thero tho moral "beauty of perfect goodness visible, for God wns woll pleased by acts of moral beauty as denoting that His Churah wus growing into a living like ness unto them. - St. Bernard had said it was not so mach Hisdouth, but His will in voluutariiy dying, that was well pleasing to God tho Father, for thoroby was tho " fruiifiilnoss " of His death made manifest, " for 1, if I bo lifted up, will (Daw all men unto Ale." Ho had done so in His death, and nfiw that Ho «as raised up on high iu hoawn, Ho still continued to draw men to Him. Tho dominant note in Chrisl'B earth life was that of sclf-sacriiiue, and it should bd tbe dominant noto iu tho lifo of His Church, and in the lives of the individual inducers composing that Churah. Thus was tlio law of tho Church's life described. She wns to be a Missionary Church, and it wns her duty, by every means in her power, to reach forwnrd to this and. Hie Lordship then went on to ask how far hail tliey of tho so-aallcd " English C'luircli" fit! filled thoir end, either in their individual or collective capuc'.ty. 'l'lio popu lar conception of r. ligion tended far too much to run down into individualism. It was thought that the Divine economy was compiisea ill God und our own individual souls, in place of realising that we are members of a Divine society, and that it is our duty to win others into tho onjoy- menb of the groat blessiug wherewith wo Imvu been blessed. As tile man iu. so is tho body of which ha is a member. If he shuta himself up in self thu body to which bo bo- longs will be selfish. It will lose that active missionary spirit which it Bhould possess; that characteristic of aggicusivo godliness which is so essential. Iu place of being full of lifo aud missionary aggressiveness, they becoino forceless, feebio, morbid, and lia- 1 healthy, wasting too often in inturnccino strife wli.it Bhould be devoted to the salva tion of souls. For, us Hood wrote iu tho Lady's Dream : — " Kvll iu wrought hy want of thought As well us want of huurt." History chows that the missionary spirit has shaped the best life of tho Cnuroh in all i seasous. Wus it not '.Vosluy that cvangelisod i Cnuiula througli the missionary spirit which went out there boing contemporaneous with \ his own missionary movement ia England ? j Was it not Charles Simeon and Henry i Mariyn thut stimulated tho Evangelisation \ of India, and wus not Iho Oxford movement > oontcinpuraneuus witii tbe foundation of thu \ Church in Australia ? 'The time now once i mare calls for missionary effort and be would he deaf indeed who did not respond. This , young nation whose noon lias yet to bo, calls j loudly for the fuller freer exercise of the ttg- i grossivo misiionury spirit. Religion is / tiie welding power of tho nutionnl J lit'e. As Professor Sooley .,nya : " I always hold religion to be a great Stata-buildiog principle. It endears a country to any ur..igiaat landing iu soma now tenitory, to Church." But alien these pioneers of thu country have pussod awny, us puss ilicy must, a new race wholly Australian in ideas, in stincts and sympathies would spring up and tlieso must have their spocial wbius re garded as well as thu others. Wu must not tako tho position of tho . mere laudator temjmris acti, but our religions methods must move and progress with tho timej. Hor missionary spirf£| .. must be progressive, nnd we must practice t that self denial and sclf-saoriUec for others ! which is the very vital spurk of true religion. J it is not by a display of dialectics, or of' forensic skill that this praotical life will be fostered, but in imitation of Christ in His urilf- sacrificing truly missionary spirit all through His existence on earth. 'The life of the Camoh had utmost been contemporane ous with tho history of Australia. It was in 1788 that the first Church of England olergyinan set foot in Australia; in 1825 it was proclaimed an arcli-deaconry undor the See of Calcutta ; ia 1836 tho arcli-deaconry became a full See, and tbo archdeacon tho first bishop. It may be said tbat tbo epiecopal development of Australia haB been oontemporanco.us with tho reign of Victoria. In 1536 there 'was one dioceso, iu 1892 there are 13, and that day they met to instal and onthrono the oacupant into the 14th diocese in Australia. Was not this a rooord of noble pro gress under the missionary spirit? 'Tho Bishop, of Brisbaoa thon proccodod to ..pay a glowing tribute to the public and private virtues of tbe prelate whom tbat day lie had installed. Ho de- clared that the true missionary spirit or soit- sncriiice had ut ail times been characteristic of Bishop Dawes at all periods of his oler oal life. lie hud given up an uxcellont incum bency at homo io come -out hero, biroply be cause the Bishop of Brisbane bnd represented iu a vory strong light to him thu spiritual "Cants of tho district. Ever eiuca lie set foot iu the country his deeds had boon associated with almost heroic self- sacrifice, both as a Oliuroh Missionor and a I Bishop-Coadjutor. Th too years ngo he had boon'eouseerated BiBliop-Coadjutor — tho first bishop over conBectated iu Austra lia, uudor suehciroumstances. Aud now the uniau which had bean so pleasant was abont to be broken, hut the paiu ho himselt felt at thu thought of soverauco was tempered hy the thought that Bishop Dawes wns located in the very Bplioro he himself would liaro ohoson tor him. The Bishop of Brisbano concluded liis eloquent nud iinpressivs ser mon by oainmouding-tbo now biBhop to tbo sympathetic support of tho clorgy and laity aliko. Tlio offertory was then taken up, roalisiug in tho morning £20 5s 8d, tho proceeds beiug devotod to tho interests of tbo new diocoso. Whilo tho contributions were boing recoived Hymns 403 and 362 wero very beautifully rondored by tho choir and con gregation. Thereafter oauio the 6elebrntion of tho Holy Communion, tho Bishops of Brisbane und Rookbampton being tho aelebrants. -The service was most impressive, largo numbers of tho congi ogatiou romnining to reoeivo tho communioa on t-bo ocaaeion. Iu Vict so numorons were tho intending com municants that tlioy filled tho entire chan cel. A solotun and rovorcnt at illness pre vailed ovur tho entire building during the pissage of tlio sacred elements, tho organ and choir at intorvals rendering tho music of Hymn U22 111 low swoot cadeuous, pcauliuriy suitable to the occasion. At last nil were servod, tho omcluding prayers wcro said, i.ud in a very few imiuieats thereafter, the cutiro soivice waa over. Tho procession wns thoti reformat in the rovorso order lo that according to which thoy entersd thu edifice. The grand processional aria, "The March of the I.uaeli!ea," com posed by . tho into Sir Michael Cosln, was played ns tin corlcya iixd tho grnoral public left ttie buildiug. Sjiiu only siloncc. reigned supremo in, tin edifice, where so vast a gathering had assembled to witness the insinuation and enthronement of tho first Itishop of Kcckhnmpfon. THE EVENING s-ERVIOE. Tbo attendance of tho congregation and general public fell oft' very materially at tho evening diet of wo ship, aompnritiroly fow persons being presout. The services wore opened by tlio procession, formed of tiro verger, the ehoir, the clcrey, the Bishops of ltnckhnmpton and Brisbane ; hymnftOI," All .People who on Earth do Dwell," being rung , lis x processional. The service wns fully choral. 'The opening anthuiu wns " It Came Even to Pass," and ran as follows: — "It came oven to puss, ns tlio trumpeters nnd singers wero as one, to ninko cue sound to ho henrd in praising aid thanking the Lord. And when they lifted up their vomo with tho trumpets and cymbals and with instruments of iiiusio. and praised the Lard, saying : For He is good j for His tuorey endurnth for over ; that thou the bouse wns fi led with a cloud, Von tho house of tile L'rd j so that the priests could not stand to miniitor liy reason of. t' o cloud,, for the glory of tho Lord hiul filled the houso of tho lord, llal.'cluj ih ! Amen!" II. 'Chronielc9, v., 13, It— tho quartette, " For lie is Good," by Onsicy, being rendered by Mr U. Webb, Mrs Hriggs, Mr Geo. D. M'Kay, and MLs Prince. The services were conducted by the Rev A. R'cb.ards, and comprised the usual evening services. Tlio lessons wero read by tho Rev A. II. Julius nnd the Bishop of 11 idinne, after which Hymn tilt, " Josns Calls Us o'er tho Tumult," wis anng. Tho Bishop of Uoult- hanipt n, on entering the pulpit, aanouu iod that on Sunday next the. Holy Communion would be celebrated at 7.30 a.m., nnd after morning prayer. The sermons would be prenobed in the morning nt 11 o'clock by the Loul Bishop of Brisbane, ami in the evening at 7.30 p.m. by the Has E. A. David, Ex amining Chaplain to the Bishop of Brisbane. The offertories for the day would lie devoted to the Cathedral Fund. Bishop Dawes took for his text part of the ISth verso of the llth chapter of Nohoiniah, " And they snid, Let us rise up nnd build. So they strengthened tliuir ban 's for this good work." There had been a ready ropou.su when Ncliemiah said. 20(10 years ago, " Lot us build us thu walls of Jcru-a- lcm." Let thum all ri'C and assist to build up this good work wlrcli was now before them. This uoiv work had been opened that- day by the cslnb'ishtmvit of the new Diocese of Rneklinmpton, nnd lie would impress upon all thu urgoiicy of laboring together in oilier to build up tlio woik which was before them. The Church was not, as had been so often said, a Church for the rich, hut a Chech for tho poor and rich alike, in fact, a Church for all, and i-.ll could ns,isi. as far as they wero able, and combine to gather in fellowship to built it up. The <3hii rcli of England would receive a large share of blessing if they so worked, and with.spcuial supplication and prnypr would load many in that church to believe in I ho infinite mercy of Jesus Chri-t, our Lord, 'l'liey ditl not, perhaps, nr. yet realize the greatness of Hie responsibilities which had been undertaken that day. But he hoped tlrcy would rise to a sense of it. They were simply there to put their bauds to tho good work and initiate, 'i'lie future was with God. Thjso present at the establishment, of tlio new diocese wore there to witness the launching of a groat enterprise, tolemn faith in the evert istiug promises of God, and by H'n grico they would build up, nud with un swerving fidelity dischaige the grc-at niul solemn responsibility they had received from finil f.hof il il « 'I'li.nr ur.a il.l i\haaiin.i 4 la >4- like Nehemuvli ho was iippoerinr before thorn iu tlie first person singular, and saying, "Lo! Lit us rise up and build." That was what lie was asking of tliuru. There was a great responsibility lai.l upon him as their c.'tinf pastor as presiding over tnO'whule of the diocese. In the words of Ncliemiah (sbgh'ly altered): "Lot them lillild up a new dine 'se." To put it ia p'aiu worJs, he would, instance a mm inking up a 'selection. lie started by putting a fence round the land. Then ho would divide it into small paddocks, and again, when proof of its better productiveness had been given ho would farther divide it when it could be mure easily cultivated. It was in that way that tho resources of the dicceso would he nsoertnincd and the results actually in creased. The original Dinceso of Brisbane was unable to he work d by tlio one bishop and tho pswers were therefore tnxod to llio'r utmost extent. It was simply a waste of administration. The districts could not receive the attention demanded, though no effort had been eparod during five years of grod and constant labor by the Bishop of Brisbane to overtake the duties, but it was iui possible. Hence tho necessity for tho division of the Diocese of Brishanu. He would urge upon all prcsont tlio extreme importance of assisting nnd supporting by prayers and purse the establishment of the new diocese, nud ho would again ask them to assist to build up this good work, which' had. been undertaken that day. AVith their assistance nud co-operation there would bo success in the grand work 'kith peace nn'd plenty in. God's heritage. During tlio siuging of Hyiuu 370 " Now Thank AA'o All Our God." the "ffertory was taken up (realising ill 16s, or -S25 Is for the day), after which the Hov A. Richards pro nounced tho Benediction, and Uyain HiG " All People AA'ho On Earth Do Dwell," closed tho service. The voluntary played as tho uong rogation retired was "Tlio Coronation March" by Meyerbeer. Thus ended tlio day's proceedings. To-day will bo devotod' to conferences with tho clorgy. 