€uxxznt Crrpira. An American Scene of Horror. Let our readers imagine an awful explosion in George-street at mid-day, in one of its principal commercial houses, fol lowed by a general suspension of busi ness, verging on a panic, and they have but the faintest conception of what actually occurred in New York in the early part of last month. The office of the great dollar king, Robert Sage, was entered by a well-dressed man, who made a demand for a quarter of million of money, and on refusal in stantly threw down a bomb, causing an explosion that produced terror all over the city. Sage escaped with a few slight injuries, but three persons were killed, including the assassin, whose head was literally blown off his body, and eight others were injured. The j alarm that followed, paralysing busi ? ness, was caused by the fear that the safe with its millions worth of stock and bonds had been blown to pieces. This, however, proved groundless ; although they narrowly escaped destruction. Unfortunately, the above scene, though Warnings to uniqUe in its shocking de tails, is but one of many outbreaks of dan gerous mania affecting American city life. The truth is, the race for wealth and business fame in the cities of the Republic has become a standing menace to health and happiness. The doctors declare that the nervous system is breaking down under the high pressure to which it is subjected. And yet the Americans are crowding their cities abnormally, and the grand country life that has been America's . glory and safety in the past, is seriously threatened. These facts ought to be taken into very careful account in these ' colonies. The strain of business, arising from undue competition, and other causes, is being keenly felt by many in Sydney to-day. We want a more even balancing of town and country popula tions, saving us from the curse of over crowded cities, and an emancipation from the spirit in commerce that ' maketh haste to be rich.' We received, per post from London, the Christ Taken^if mas numDer °^ ^e Chris tian World. It contains one or two capital Christ mas stories, and a full page cartoon which is a clever satire on the sort of hospitality practised by a certain class of society sharpers. Four staid, respect able-looking owls, with big wigs and faces preternaturally human, are look ing out for their Christmas dinner. Turkey and plum pudding not being forthcoming, these sage owls are natur ally anxious. But, fortunately for them, four fat mice, looking for ilieir dinners, happened that way. Where upon the four owls, with a wonderful unanimity, offered, in a friendly way, to ' take them in ' for dinner. They did so, with a result wholly satisfactory to themselves, but not so completely, satis factory to the mice, who were last seen wriggling their tails, when their bodies had mysteriously disappeared down four highly respectable throats. A meeting of our city A Happy ministers was held on Meeting. Monday last for purely spiritual purposes. Gener ally speaking, the neces sary business of the Church and its ever extending work, takes up the time of conversation, so that to many the meet ing on Monday morning was both delightful and profitable. Our venerable friend and brother, the Rev. John Wats ford, addressed the ministers assembled, and a recital of his own experience, and of the gracious dealings of God with him during his late illness, inspired all hearts with a feeling of gratitude. Gorl is gracious still, and a God of wonders now as He was of old. The conversa tion turned largely upon the doctrine of holiness, and Mr. Watsford spoke freely upon our glorious Methodist doctrine of entire sanctification. The general tone of the meeting was to the effect that this great doctrine had been much misrepre sented amongst us, and that it needed to be set forth, not on the platform merely, but by the higher eloquence of life and conduct. God is encouraging us, and we are all looking for a richer baptism of the Holy Ghost, and for a fuller re ception of His soul-filling, soul-satisfying, and soul-inspiring love. The week of prayer held in connection with ? our The Week of Churches in England, has rayer. been fojiow.e(j_ witn very happy results. Testi monials have come in unsolicited, show ing how God still honours the prayers of His people. The members have been quickened, souls have been saved, and the Church lifted to a higher grade of spiritual life. The Recorder suggests that as a direct outcome of this memor able season of devotion, there should be a general advance all along the line of the world and the Devil. It only wants the recognised leaders to give the word, and the cry for a great soul saving movement will go forth. But why wait for leaders to give the word? Surely the Churches themselves can move on without the bell wethers, if need be ! The Recorder gives an , „ . account of a sad accident Accident. wni°u occurred at the Methodist New Connexion Chapel at Ilkeston. It was at a lantern exhibition ; the opera tor was using mixed gases, and by some means or other, the gases got mixed with a vengeance, and there was a dreadful explosion, which injured many people, and made the chapel look as if it had suffered bombardment. Now, this accident ought never to have occurred. The lantern may be used with the lime light with perfect and absolute safety. We speak from experience, but when operators will persist in using mixed gases in two separate bags lying one on top of the other, with the pressure board heavily weighted, there is, and always will be, the danger of explosion. And' when oxygen and hydrogen com bine, it is well to be out of the way at the time. Operators well know the danger and yet some of them will use the mixed gases in order to get a little more brilliance in illumination. Any one who is not content with the safety jet, and will have the mixed jet, may now do so with perfect safety by using an ether saturation. Mr. Dawson's letters on American American church life, c£ureh which he had abundant opportunities of observing during his trip to the ^Ecumenical, are full of interest. They sparkle with vitality, and are models of good story telling. Church life in America is very different to what it is in England, or in these colonies. It is a sort of thing you have to get used to, but it has many fine features. The churches are built as auditoriums, and instead of pews many have arm-chairs, such as we see in a concert hall. Mr. Dawson speaks of the church life as being genial, friendly, and coherent ; there are no social divisions, and there fore no aloofness and stiffness. The people are good hearers, and on the whole generous givers. He speaks en thusiastically of a Methodist church at Montreal, in which, he preached to 3,000 persons, but he could see every face in the throng, and a whisper could be heard among them. We might well take a lesson in church architecture out of Bro. Jonathan's book. A CLERGYMAN ill the Church Monthly tell a SeEt?rsW° »00d st0ry °n gamblinS It so happened that he missed from church on Sunday one of the most regular and attentive members of his congrega tion. During the week he called at the man's home, and inquired of his wife if it was illness that had kept her husband from church. ' No,' she replied ; and then after a little hesitation, added, ' You must excuse John, sir, for just at present he cannot come ; the fact is, he lias to do a bit of betting on Sundays. He wished, however, to say, if you called that { he was sorry he could not attend church ; but he was with you in spirit.' ' This story, which we have every reason to believe is not fiction, only shows how easy it is to mix up worldliness and re ligion. We once heard of a clergyman, not a thousand miles from this city, paying compliments to the turf because he happened to have a stud-owner as a member of his congregation. When will Christ's words be fully understood ? — ' He that is not with Me is against Me ; and he that gathereth not with Me scattereth.' 'This mixbure of shrewd worldliness and church-going Veligion, is by no means — a brand-new patent. It is old as the hills, but it is enough to make the angels weep, and to smite good men with despair. To some, at least, of our The Hon. readers this gentleman is J°hnC^lton, known personally. To many more he is known by repute, as a devoted Christian and loyal Methodist of Ade laide. We are very thankful that a man of such sterling worth, and so pronoun ced in his religious life, has been selected for the honour of knighthood. For many years Mr. Colton has stood before the public of South Australia, as an able Minister of the Crown, a leading citizen, and a pure- minded and generous philan thropist. Amid political duties and changes he has been faithful to his work in the Church and in the Sunday School. We well remember the kind and Chris tian attention paid to the writer during a fit of sickness by Lady and Sir John Colton, some years ago, and the touching prayer offered at our bedside. Sir John is getting an old man, and has long suffered from ill-health. We congratu late him oh his well-merited honours, and trust he may long be spared to the church and colony he has served so faithfully. , Professor Blackie, of Popular Edinburgh, has recently Errors in \,een writing on this sub Education. ? . ? *? a- -vr ject m a leading JNew York journal, and his views are well worth the closest atten tion in Australian circles. He denoun ces the too common error of regarding education to mean putting into a man, instead of drawing out. He thinks books have too large a place given them by the modern teacher. He vants music and the Bible to have a more pro minent position in the day-school curri culum. On the much disputed question of the classics the Professor speaks out very plainly. Says a critic on the article in question : — ' He cares very little for Greek and Latin on the philo logical or grammatical side. He believes, as Milton did, in studying the classics for what is in them, and he believes that Greek or Latin is not half so im portant as French or German. The case was different two hundred years ago. Then there was no German liter ature and no German learning to speak of.' With these views we are in hearty concurrence. It will be a surprise to Church most people to find, on the veK~iin authority of Hayter, that victoria. the Meth0(jists of victo ria stand first among the churches in that colony. They have 20 per cent, more ministers than either the Church of England or Presbyterians ; nearly .50 per cent, more churches, and as many Sunday scholars as these two bodies put together. The increase in our Church during the past ten years has been very remarkable, amounting to nearly 43,000. During the same period the Church of England returns indicate that her in fluence is waning. The Roman Catho lics, too, show a falling off. Neither the Presbyterians nor the Congregationalists have advanced at a rate equal to the increase of population. The Baptist brethren have made very decided pro gress— about 37 per cent in the decade. During the same period the population of the colony has increased from 862,000 to 1,140,000, or 32-|- per cent. We con gratulate our brethren in the southern colony upon these satisfactory returns, and pray that the work may deepen as well as broaden out, yet more wonder fully in all their coasts. Much -pain and wrong-going the world would have been saved had it faithfully digested the first chapter of Genesis from the time of its publication. A wrong conception of man has been not the only flaw of the ages that Genesis easily could have prevented. As fatal a mis conception of divine truth has been the great heresy of the ages that, even if God created man, He did not have much to do with the creation of woman in his own image. Genesis says male and female created He them. This peace of the Gospel, and sense of the love of God in the soul, doth so admirably conduce to the enabling of a person in all difficulties, and tempta tions, and troubles, that ordinarily, before He calls His saints to any hard service, or hot work, He gives them a draught of this cordial wine next their hearts, to cheer them up and embolden them in the conflict. — William Gurnall. 