CHAPTER III. It was m;dnight, and all the' lights in the lower part of the house weroe out. ;The French valetslept or pretended to sleep, for we lhad told him to kcp hisaears open, in, thbe pantry by'the kitc'en. The lest~ df us hiiddled'rounid the fire, speaking in whispers, smoking like chimneys, listening to every sound, to every moan of! the wintry breeze.. " They'll try. the library window for a certainty," whispered MrBellwe.atber to me, as the clock sti uck the quarter Fpatbut' hI said; " hardly-; the pantry window isthe more likely." And with that we fell to listening again, and. all was silence.. As I waited and watched, I became anxlous, and still more anxious about those lIwer windotvs, and I descended the stairs twice to make sure that no one was trying the pantry yet-each time I was reas sured by the appearance of the valet who came up from below a3siwaasabountto godown. and remarked in very bad English;; "Ver right." He: was a faithfiulfellowt'htt valet-and he:watched well. .h bn the hour of two o'clock came we were nearly-all- asleep. That?fi :to- say, the rest were nodding in-their:- chairs; B nd?(Lr-Beltweathor was absolutely snoring. I alone was possessed of my full wakefunlpowers, and as the wind lulled fur a moment, and the deep bell of the big dlock struck the quarter past, I alone heard a faint scratching noise coming from below. " Hist, what's that ?' The dreamers were awake in a second. My com rades pulled out their revolvers and cocked them. Mr Bellweather went on tiptoe to the head of the stairaand listened. The scratching sound became louder and louder: we heard the splintering of wood. My heart was beating widly. Oh that old fool Ben ! 'What's the plan P' asked one of my comrades in a whisper, when we were quite sure thht a door was being forced, and I said, ' Let them enter, and seize them as they come to the top of the stairs. I Lhope that valet will keep quiet.' ' He'll be all right,' said Mr Bellweather under his breath, and added, as if a thought came to him, 'I'll slip out on to the balcony window, and see what they're' up to.' He had left us before I could stop him, and in another moment I heard the balcony window open. ,The scratching still went on though, and just as a -erasl came and the window must .have been forced open, the loud voice of the Fren"h valet was heard crying' robbaires, tieves,' while the shrill sound of a policeman's whistle fell on the night air. At that moment Mr Bellweather returned from the balcony.: ;'They.re alarmed,' he cried, ' and are .raiuing 1 ?&?ie_ m agarden gate ; after them for your lives. Determined nt`'to- lose Ben, at any risk, I rushed out, my comrades following me, and as we emerged we were met by two policemen who had been watch ing near the house. Mr Bellweather alone seemed able to discern the whereabouts of the robbers, and he cried.loudj, " Down there by the garden gate, after-them, go along. The pursuit became general in an instant. The two policemen madly blew their whistles, my two comrades swift runners, went their best pace; I found myself last of all at the end of a minute, and my companion was Mr Bellweather.. We were neither of us good runners, and he cried, " Stop, we are leaving the front of the house ungarded." His words were very true and worthy of a thought ful man. I stopped instantly, gasping for breath, and crying, "come:back, come back, there may be some of them out iii the gardens," with which idea I turned round to run the other way when an extra ordinary thing happened. Somehow or other, Mr Bellweather's leg-gotmixed up with mine, and I fell heavily to the earth. -At that moment a gag was shoved into my month and a pistol was at my head. It was held there by Mr Bellweather. " Move a muscle," he hissed, " and I'll blow your brains out," I endeavored to rise; but he struck me heavily on the head with the pistol, and, half-unconscious, I felt myself being bound. Then I heard the sound of wheels, and knew' that the robbers were being driven rapidly away, and so I lost consciousness. They .told me-all about it next day. Mr Bell' weather'i had never returned from Germany at all. The telegram calling the man, William, to Dover was~a false otie. The thieves had entered the house in the afternoon and packed all the valuables, gett ing them into the cart during the false chase of a supposed thief. Mr Bellweather was a sham; his valet was Ben. And I was done. Yes, sir, done by a burglar for the first and last time in my long life. A stern necessity-A rudder. Lost at sea-The sight of land. On his last legs-The kangaroo. e Barbers should pay a pole tax. Beauty is the mustard of love. The old' corner'-- Corn whisky Scientific boxing-Boxing the compass. A ghost of a show--The living skeleton. A movement on foot--Chasing a cable car. Germany is very powerful on the high seize. .running account--Report of a horse race. , A sudden inspiration is but a sneeze of th? mind. Hope is a swing in which we vibrate all our life. An article 'sith some snap in it-The whip-lash. It is the rhnaway horse'who lives a life of whoa. The maid o' the missed--The girl I left behind me. :. -* Rather loud and brassy--The bell of the engine room. Audacity is aviaduct that serves in very difficult \- passages. To those who are in need we should always lend -an ear. v Mutton often looks sheepish when placed before , company. People always long for money when they're .short., - . Why are loers like turnips, potatoes, apples and -I ech B ecause they are usually paired. 6lr~?,.YLu sre a .odod deal.dr advice in the papers now about raising small.,fruit, and none about rising \- .small potatoes. Hie : ' I don't see why there should be no marriage "I orifn~aimarriagesi in Hraven.' She: 'Probably becal?leetber'e won'tbe.any men there.' | 'In?'ljitul dicoiditiorlwa5 the PAtriarcla Job at the eni': of hs -life ?' asked a Camddni' Suhday-school teidherof ia.' qiet-.ooking boy at.th?e foot of the r c?a·s. 'IDead,' calmly replied the calm-looking l.IRtl?: boy. D I ,.Iris?. jounal says the following bill was pre sted ,-6y.farrier to a' geifleman in this town ; ;'To comie? your pony zhat died, £1 Is.' Dr y goods 0de.aler (poltely to customer who has made.a?:p:? )LR:--' Won't you sit down, sir, while cr waiting -lox yopur package?' Customer--' Well. I habe~3eanitting down more or less. Haven't you ,:,,gots ked bndy so-that lcan l~e down?' \- . .. . . . . . .. .. . . . . .. . . . .. 