DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL NOTES. Mr. William Rignold leaves for England by the Austral on Wednesday next. A farewell testimonial benefit is to be given to Miss Jennie Lee at the Princess's Theatre. Melbourne, this afternoon. The termination of Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's lease of the Criterion Theatre, bydney, is at hand, and the lease will not be renewed by the present holders. At the con clusion of the season several members of the company, including Mr. Percy Lyndal, Mr. Arthur Lawrence, and Miss Pattie Brown, will leave for England. Mr. Walter Bentley made his first appear ance in Sydney at the Garrick on Saturday last, the play selected being " Hamlet." The press are unanimous in characterising Mr. Bentley's Hamlet as a soholarly and acceptable per formance. The lease of the Alexandra Theatre, Mel bourne, will shortly expire, and it is question able whether it will be renewed on the same terms. Mr. Dampier certainly deserves well at the hands of the proprietors, who are entirely indebted to his energy and abilities for its being a going concern for years. Madame Sarah Bernhardt has returned to Prance from the United States after an absence of 19 months. As she descended the gangway from the steamer at Havre it was noticed that she carried a small cardboard box under her arm. A reporter of a Paris paper who went on board to meet her was told that this box contained a little of the sand of America. Madame Bernhardt, who looks well, and has come back stouter, played no fewer than 39S times on her tour. " La Tosca" was given 300 times. Of " Cleopatra" there were 96 repre sentations. A Paris newspaper is responsible for the fact that two young Australian ladies, Misses Lily Devlin and Helen Rowe, have scored a signal success at Hy^res. No fewer than £4,000 worth of tickets have been sold in England for the Wagner Festival at Bayreuth. This is an increase of £1,000 on the sales of last year. Says the Melbourne Standard:—"While Mrs. Brough—most charming of actresses— was describing a storm at the Bijou on Satur day night, she was greatly assisted by the violent atmospheric disturbance outside. The lightning flashes were so vivid and frequent that the electric lights paled before them, and the rattle of hailstones drowned all other sound. Mrs. Brough as Barbara had a splendid reception." Fran Naumann-Gungl, the prima donna of the Court Opera House in Weimar, has played for the last time. Her last role was Isolde. Frau Naumann-Gungl is retiring from the_ stage because her son is destined for a military career, and the doors of a Prussian cadet school are closed to the son of an actress who is still in active exercise of her profession. Referring to the study of_ Shakespeare by young men, Mr. Henry Irving remarked:— "It is a vast subject, and a young man had better make his own soundings, for he will find that the influence of Shakespeare is all the greater on his mind in proportion as ha reads the plays for their manifest beauties, and not in order to fit them into some elaborate theory. That way maddens lies!" Madame Albani has related to an interviewer as one of her most remarkable experiences her treatment in Russia at the Royal marriage, where the singers, she observes, are all con sidered as servants. She says:—"It was most strange. We were all put in a sort of balcony which looked down upon the banqueting scene below, and as each of our_' turns came to sing we went to_ a little opening and sang through it. What amused me was this, that all the time we were trying to sing our best and produce our notes most effectively, the clatter of knives and forks still went on, and to make all com plete the singer might be in a most impressive passage and right in the midst of it when, quite regardless of the uncomplaining singers, there would be a flourish of trumpets and somebody would get up and propose a toast. I was more_ fortunate than Madame Patti, for she was interrupted in the middle of hsr solo." The. Opera House, York-street, Sydney, after having been closed for a time, is to be reopened on June 18, with Mr. George Forbes as the first lessee. The theatre has for some time past been in the hands of the upholsterers and decorators, and will in the future be known as "The Imperial Opera House." Mr. Hugh Fielding's new and original comedy "The Whirligig" is to be staged on the opening night. When Max O'Rell arrived in Melbourne he received a letter complaining of the title of his lecture, "The Scotch at home." The writer said that his countrymen refused to acknow ledge that name, which was merely an English word, and used in a contemptuous sense. If Max didn't alter that name no Scot would attend his lecture. He altered it. Mr. G. R. Ireland, who is now playing with Mr. Walter Bentley at the Garrick Theatre, Sydney, made his first hit as the ghost in "Hamlet" with the Melbourne Garrick Club in October, 1858. "Miss Ellen Mortyn was the Ophelia, and Mrs. Yickey the Queen. Mr. -Bland Holt, like Mr. Alfred Dampier, believes in engaging Australian actors to sup port him. Schumann, when in the first stages of insanity, was haunted by the sound of one particular note, which rang in his ears night and day till it drove him into utter lunaoy. His widow, who was till a few weeks ago prin cipal professor of the pianoforte at Frankfort Conservatorium, is now haunted by the same note. She resigned her position in the hope of getting away from it, but it has followed her into private life, and unless she can get rid of it the chances are that she will go the way of her husband. Mr. William Rignold tells agood story con nected with his stage career. He was revisiting Ireland, after an absence of some years, in order to fulfil an engagement at the Dublin Theatre Royal, and Mrs. Rignold was travel ling with him. Landing at Kingstown he proceeded by rail to Dublin, and the weather beiDg bitterly cold arrayed himself in a mag nificent badger-furred coat, which consider ably added to the proportions of his figure, and gave him an important, not to say conse quential air. At each station he alighted and paced the platform rapidly in order to keep warm, and was greeted with "That's him, cheers, and other demonstrations of pleasure* to which he responded with a pleasant smile, bowing and nodding on either hand with natural delight. Turning to his wife as they were leaving one station where his greeting had been particularly warm, he said "There ! that shows you how popular I used to be; the people remember me after all those years." Arriving at Dublin he noticed a stylish-looking equipage drawn up at the station, evidently waiting for some one of importance. A thin, worn, and ill-looking gentleman descended from the train, quietly entered the carriage, and drove away unnoticed. This was Lord Wokeley, for whom Mr. William Rignold had been mistaken by the enthusiastic Irish men throughout the whole journey. 