HIS ANGEL * BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of " Scarlet Fortune," " Eagle Joe," • ** .Between the Whiffs," A Leading iiiiy," -* for Old Virginia," etc. CHAPTER YIII.. (CONTINUED.) The reqt of the day was marked in red tetters in the ' calendar of Mr. Turner's debauchery. He determined to ceiebrata his prosperous progress by getting as drunk as the •proTerbi^ lord, but there was a spice cf wis, doth in his folly, for he made uj> nis mind to get the fail mo&eareof; his intosacation early in the-evening, ao that he might be able to sleep off its effects before hia son called the following day. The idea was no sooner conceived than acteu upon, And a dozen lords could cot altogether be more inebriated than Mr. Turner was half an hour after he had fairly started. "When the old ruffian was intoxicated, he was distinguished by three prominent characteristics, the first being the mad liberality with which he bought drinks for everybody witfc- • in sight; the second his animal craving for female society, generally of the lowest, the • most degraded, and the most boisterous type; and, thirdly, a spirit of fiery pugnacity, which inevitably resulted in - quarrels. The senile •debauchee, having had hia full fling in spending his son's allowance, and having surrounded himself >with three damsels who were quite as capable' as. he in the consumption of ardent K juors mustneedsget at. loggerheads with a brawny, fair-haired, Swedish sailor, the result bong that he W££>' in a trice severely kicked, badly bruised, and obliged to fly for nis life to his bedroom, minus his frail ones, and minus a ° Beady supply of whiskey. It is said that a Bpecial providence watches over such unworthy drunkards as he, and in this case he fared indeed better than he deserved, for the excitementand the drink combined resulted in his falling asleep and not waking till early next morning. The dawning day found Mr. Turner rubbing bis black bruises, but glad to discover that no bones were broken. A big gulp of whiskey steadied his shaking nerves, and after collecting his wits, he felt himself ready to meet his Son. The old ruffian pretended to be suffering from abad headache when the latter called. "I've bin an' took a glass too much last night, mV boy," he said,. but I shan't do it agin. I guess it ain't BO easy to get shut of an old habit like that. I was stone tired last night. I'd bin bavin' a denied long walk up town an.' back agin. Long walks do me good., •in* I'vp bin* iookin' for a man as I've bin wanttn' to ccrine Tip with for ever 60 long. I've had a grudge agin him this many a year, an' I want to get on the prairie with him." " W h o is it?" asked young Underwood . casually. " Oh, I guess yew don't know 'him,' answered the old villain, in his best comedy style, keeping his coldly glittering eye fixed upon the young man. " It's a man that's done me a mountain of wrong. I don't know as yew*va ever heerd o'my paxdner, Joe Robinson, H«Ur fire Joe ; he was a rough'un, but he woan't a bad 'un if yew knowed him, Waal, that man as I've bin a-wantin' to meet hanged him, an' he would have hanged me, I tell yew, if he'd catched me. ' '*! should have.thought that this -'s not the sort of acquaintance yon would care to meet again," retorted young Underwood, with ooid smile." " Oh, I've got my reasons." exclaimed Mr. Turner. " Joe Robinson had a daughter. She •was quite a baby when poor Joa was lynched, bat now I guess she'd be nigh on twenty year old. The brute that henged her father carried her off, an' he's bin bringin her up as his awn daughter, but I won't have the gell kept Ignorin* of her father's name." " Where is the girl ?" asked the young man. getting interested in his father's recital. " Who ii the man ?" " I reckon yew might have heerd about hun." answered the old man, looking fixedly at his son. " H«'s worth a pile. He's got an ali-Sted fine houae on Fifth Avenue. His cauie is Dan Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank dismay, went wide of the mark, and returned to strtkethe ruffian's own head, like a misdirected boomerang. Hubert Underwood, his eyes aglow with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and his fists clenched, turned his chair, and glared S his father full in the face. *' You have been following me," he cried with a quiet intensity. " Confess it. You have ' been following me, or I may forget that I am your son, aud throttle you." The turn which the affair had taken so took the old man by surprise that he could only Btam«ier, "I-ain'tdone no then. I've got a right to take a -fa Ik if I want to. I guess I've got " " Confess you've been playing the spy upon me/'repeated Hubert with slow deliberation. " It win be better for you to tell the truth." Mr, Michael Turner took a convenient refuge in as assumption of offended silence. " Well," oontinuea the young man, " since Von will not speak, I will confide to you what I have done. I naturally wanted to know how you came to New York, when you came, in what wise you came, where you came from, and I employed the lime you occupied in dogging my footsteps by setting an inquiry agent to discover particulars of Michael Turner's—Cheeseface Mike's—latest career.*' The old man's pale features turned a ghastly ashen at that unexpected sally. "TUe agent required only two days," the yonng journalist went on. slowly and coldly, •-'(fft-dieoover that Michael' Turner was, about ,thj£# weeks ago, an, inmate of the gaol at . C&avglaad;, Ohio, having been condemned to a \- 'lengthened torm of hard labour for theft and attempted murder in a house of ill-fame, He learned further that Michael Turner^ together with two other convicts, escaped from that prison during the sudden illness of the head gaoler, who, it has since been proved, was iUoned by accomplices, and that the Clevend police are at this moment actively searching for Mr. Michiel Turner. Now. as a good citizen, it is my duty to inform the police of the whereabouts of Cheeseface Mike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir out of (this honse Another yard without my express permission'; if you as much as whisper what you '-said to me just now to a living soul." " Yew'd have yewr father sent buck to pris'n !" hissed the'bafiled scoundrel. " Waal, a fine thing it would be for all the world to read in the papers that Mr. Hubert Underwood the nice voung gentleman, is the son of a thief." " Don't you lay the flattering unction to your soal that you can scare me with that bogey. There would be no report in the papers about yonrsrrest. I'd call in the first policeman aud give you into custody. There would be no trial, and if there were, I would only have to explain my position to the news' editors, and there is not a piper in New York or the States which would report the case. I've got you by the throat, and give you the option to live comfortably on such reduced allowance us I will now make you, or go back to jail. But I'll do my best to prevent you from harming those I care for, as sure as there is a God above UB who'll absolve me if I curse and hate ray own father. Now do your damnedest at your peril." " Gro'ly !" exclaimed the old villHin, when his son had left the room. " He ain't the fool I took him for. J might ha' knowed it," he added, nearly proudly, "he's my son." He was not long left in doubt for confirmation of the siu-jirising discovery that Hubert was . not the fool he had thought him to be, for less than five minutes after the close of their interview, the proprietor of the Nelson Grand hotel . opened the bedroom door, and barely putting in . his head with the remark, " Oh, you're there • all right, aie you ?" closed the door again. The moment afterwards Mr. Turner hear™ the key turned in the lock, and a sudden white rage seethed within him. He bounded to the door and tried the handle. He was locked in. It would be neither desirable nor profitable • hero to record or imitate the avalanche of oaths and curses with which the caged scoundrel greeted this novel state of thiug-i. He raved, and jumped, and danced np and down the room like a lunatic, tearieg his sparse hair, and knocking his head against the wall in sheer insane fury. Having exhausted himself in such futile rage, he flew to his habitual fountain of relief, the whisky bottle ; but that was empty, and not a drop could he wheedle or coax out of it to moisten his parched throat. He ran to the uell and rang it violently, but obtained no response. Thereupon he commenced to hammer at the door like a madman, screeching and rcreaming, shouting himself hoarse at the same time with the filthiest and most loathsome language that ever defiled haman lips. By-and-by the heavy tread of the stalwart landlord reached the third floor, and the bedroom door was opened. Mr. Turner, by that time, was nearly speechlass with frenzy. 4 1 You're a fine old villain," exclaimed., the proprietor, standing there-with arms "crossfed' over his chest. '"I'd^advise yon to " • '• - ^ : : " n-ii.se if you don't wUnt to get that ugly head o' your3 broken." "How dare you lock me in?" roared Mr. Turner. " Dare ?" sneered the landlord with a laugh. I'll dare lock you in again, and more than that.. If it's got to be, I'll gag you, and ttyou hand and foot. How wilfyou. like that, you old tbi- ef':" The aged'ecoundrel would have flown at the proprietor's throat, had. not the latte'r's broad eiiest betokened a forbi3oii?g'strength. -He g-ared about him for a weapon, bat saw none ready to his band. . ** Yew've got no right to lock me tn," he whined in a sputtering rage. "It's agin the law. It's agin the law." " Law ?" was the contemptuous reply he got. " I guess you've had your stomachful of the law, and will get it again, no doubt. I've got my instructions-from Mr. Underwood. You've got to stay in this room until you're permitted to move. And more than that. Not a drop of liquor will you get while you're here. Ana if you make the slightest attempt to escape, I'll have totake you by the scruif of the neck, and run you out into the street, and haufl you over to the first policeman. Now, which is it to be?" TTi« rage and discomfiture overpowered the white-haired-rogue, and he sat down on the bed and fairly blubbered. The landlord threw out an " I guess you understand what you've got to do now," and left the room, locking the door'behinn him. CHAPTER IX.—"You HATS BEEN : MY FATHEB." While the black thunder clouds of the exposure of her father's shame were rolling uearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the young lady was in the happiest and busiest of moods. An outfit had to be ordered, and for the first time in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest—a great interest—in female finery and milliner's artifices. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leaving her country which was her own home, and where she could dress as she pleased, for one where the foibles of ceremonious society had to be taken into account, and where a sop had to be thrown to the Cerberus of fashion, if «he desired to associate with people who were her equals in station. She had shrewd common sense enongh to understand that, whilst in New York- and the states, she was' Miss Kershaw of Angelica City, a personality whom most people knew, and who could afford to dress as simply «r as oddly as she pleased—in Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be considered, and s.he would not he able, for instance, to go to a dinner parly in her ordmary walking dress, without attracting uncharitable notice. \ Muc^ as Bhe disliked it, therefore, at first, she - had' to hand heiself over to the 'tender •mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. Bat appetite comes, with eating, and whether it was that - the enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns, and mantles, and what not was contagious, or that the youug lady had never really understood what delight the female mind can find over the selection of materials, lilt all-important decisions aneut cut and shape, and especially over that superlatively exciting occupation of trying on. Miss Angel's opinions about frocks and frock-builders gradually, bui surely, underwent a complete change, and she was as hippy over her newly discovered excitement as a child over a new toy. Miss Kerehaw was cloBeted with her philosopher aud guide, the fashionable milliner and dresseiaker, deep in tha study of the intricacies of the last Parisian edicts relating to frocks, when Hubert Underwood was admitted below, an-i immediately proo=eded to thelibrary, where be hoped to find I laurel ELer-haw. The young man was pale. His eyes wandared about the room restlessly, aud his hands irembled. Mr. Kershaw happened to be momentarily absent, and to the young journalist the few minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library appeared interminable. The old pioneer at once noticed the peculiarly nervous coudition of the usually so calm aud unexcitable young man, aud immediately faced him with the remark : " Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What is it V" " Mr. Kershaw," answered Underwood, " I had intended, if possible, to spare you the worry and aunovance which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you, but matters have taken such a turn that I deem it my duty to tell you what has happened." " Hold hard," exclaimed the old man. " 1 guess what yew're goin' to tell me ain't as sweet as maple sugar, and if yew don't mind, I'll sit down to it. Now, my boy," he continned, seating himself in his big armchair, " yew can start, an' run, an* race, an' have the whole length o' the road." " My'father, thefather of whom I have such reason to be ashamed," continued. Hubert, with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, " is in New Fork. He has been in New York for some days.' It was Daniel Kershaw's turn now to feel his nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepidation. He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again; he had laughed gaunt death in the face on scores of occasions, but shame, and especially shame aud distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three days past, a ghost called up by Michael Turner's face which he had seen from his" window, the ghost of Hellfire Joe that scowled at him of a night, and glared at him from odd corners of his dreams, and pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and cried. " What right have you with my daughter ? Give up my daughter! Tell her that YOU killed me !" " Waal," he said slowly. " that ain't news as one would print, an' buy a frame for, an' hang in the parlour, but I guess it wos to be some day or other. I reckon he wants money, an' he'll have to have it." 4 " I have given him money," retorted Underwood, bitterly,hut it is like droplets thrown into the ocBan. The more you give, the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more he wants. That would be little, but he has jast escaped from gaol, and there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a great show of being anxiou to reform, and very near.y succeeded in throwing dast in my eyes. Luckily he betrayed him self, and he betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudge -against .y^n." "Agin me?" cried "thebld man in astonishment. " What's he got agin me ?" The whole story had to oe told—the sore had to be laid fully bare. " He sars." continued HuVert, with slowly nervous deliberation, that you hanged his partner, Hellfire Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hellfire Joe's daughter, and that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's name." The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, aud stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. "Mike Turner yewr father," hissed Kershaw, "an' he'll tell my Angel that her father was a murderer, an' that I hanged him. Not much he won't, I reckon. Whar is he:" he demanded nearly savagely. " I have him safe for the moment," answered Underwood, aghast at the impression his announcement liad made upon the millionaire. " He is under lock and key iu a small hotel in Canal street, and the proprietor is keeping watch and guard over him." " But yew eayn't keep him thar for ever," crifld the pioneer. Let's keep our headi cool, an' see that the primin's dry. It wou't da now to go to Yewrup, an' leave him hyar. That would look cowardly, an' no man or "devil shall ever 6ay that Dan'l Kershaw wos afriid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my boy, that Cheeseface Mike if yowr father, any more than it's mv Angel's fault that Hellfire Joe was hers." He hsd confessed the hard naked truth without knowing that he had confessed it, but, now that it was told, he felt the load of a millstone taken from his miud. For years he had jealonsly guarded the secret. Now'another man shared it. tho man of all others most likely to shield, with the bulwark of his own life, her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed Tas of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so steeped in his love that he felt not even a tinge of added joy over the discovery which brought Angelica Kershaw to a nearer level with himself. She was not lowered a hairsbreadth in his esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow that annointed his love, and made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not a remark, not an exclamatirn of surprise escaped from his lips. His Angel was his Angel, and he would as lief have chided a butterfiy for having sprung from a, chrysalis as having Jreamed of deeming it a reproach that she was as low-born as himself. " I guess yew've got to let me handle that father o' yewrn," continued Daniel Kershaw. " It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another man could. He ain't quite a dog gone fool. Cheeseface Mike ain't. If he's escaped from pris'n, he knows that he can.be sent back agin. He may think that his isqja^roald n't4p <Jiat, bat he's tasted samples of my pepper tefore, IgaesBhis month is two things he'^d. Mike Turners, got to be made to keep a close tongue, -luid*tahere the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor vibrate^ through" it— " my Angel's got to know that I ain't her' father." " But surely " exclaimed Hubert. " Oil, don't yew go an' frighten yourself, M interrupted Kershaw. "I ain'tgointo fell her nothen"about Heilfire Joe an* his gallows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained by that." But'I count as I got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg her to forgiveine—forgive me." , '.- The voice became softer and nesirly tihlful as he went oh. It was the voice'of a poor repentant sinner proclaiming his hope of a "pardon to come. • " Yes, my boy," he repeated, " I've akil* her love ; an' what's more," lie added with' a stern resolution. ."I mean to keep it, God bein* willin', all the days of my life. Now'yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yew bring that father o' yewrn to me hyar. If it cayn't be did, yew come back an' let me kiiovr,' aii'' I'll go down to him." "It's only right," he muttored when the young man was gone. " It wasn't farr to start with, an' God knows I've tried_to figbt agin it, an' teH her of it thismany a year fcask" The young lady was tn a pretty pout at being disturbed. "What a bother, daddie deax!" she exclaimed as she came into the room, radiant with the glow of agreeably excitemefit. "Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, andher as8i8tarit,"and she has to go badi nearly immediatelyi' 'aiifl' she can't wait." « ^ "Sitdown here, rifSftgel," liasaid sbftly. "Never mind the ar686thaket "ftit a 'few minits." *' A few minutes?'"Bhe cried, pttrang her presttvlips. " A few minnteB ?" "Yes, a few minits," he replied. " Perhapr ten—perhaps fifteen. YewMT give them to yewr daddie, won't yew, ifhe'&fcs; yew ?" " Why, you're as serious as a ja&^ .dafldie dear," rejoined Miss Angel, seattng 'ferfeelf on a footstool at his feet and looking up, into his eyes. " What is the matter? Whit lias happened?" ' . He took her head between his'twb hands and kissed her upon the forehead, long and fervently. " I love yew so, my Angel,"' he breathed. " I believe I'd die if I were forbid to love yew. I ain't mnch of a hand at sayin* whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, bat I know that yew're settled jest here —jest on my heart, an' growed thar." I know this, daddie darling," she whispered surpriBedly. " I have known it ever since I've been able to understand what it is to be loved." " An* yew love me, my dear," lie continued in the same tenderly vibrating" half-broken voice. " Yew love me as a goOd gell ought to love her-father. \ Tell me, dearie, do yew lbve me'because it's yewr natdre, ah' yew cayn't help lovin* me P" She looked np at him with her big, dark eyes brimming With her heart's full devotedness. '' What a question to ask, daddie!"; die said smilingly.; *' I love you because I love you. Because you're the dearest daddie in the w'otfd; because not to love you would be.impossible." Ah, would it'[" he retored. "Suppose yewr father was dead an' gone, long ago, an' I've taken his place, an' given out as I was yewr father." His eyes were glued upon her as he spoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his heaven were staked upon her reply. "I don't want tn supposis any such thing." she answered. " What is the good of it?" "Answer me," he pleaded. "Suppose'It wos. Suppose I wosn't yewr father—how would it be then r" " Why, if it were so,'* she replied with drooped eyes, and the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the opBn palm of the other, " you have been my father—I know no other—I can think of no other." " But if I had told yew lies," he went on in a hoarse stoniness,—"if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say somethin'. yew know, when yew asked juestions,—an' yew did ask a lot, yew know—all sorts of 'em— about yewr mother, an' about things—an' I, I told them one after another, an' one wickeder than another. Becos, yew see, my dearie," he cried in an agony of confession, "I am not yewr father, an' I've lied to yew all this while. An' now it's had to come out, an' yew'll despise me." He turned his face aside and boried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy TveUing in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, drew hiB fingers aside from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her =oft arms, pressed her face against his, Bobbing as if. her heart-strings were overstrained in their effort to make sweet music. "No. daddie darling," 6he cried. "Never, daddie darling—never, now, in this life which is yours—never, now or hereafter. I'm not my father? There is only one for me besides you— the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now, than you ever could have been." ' And kissing him again aud again in such holy embrace as a daughter may give to her parent, she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept with her as though they both were children. She pulled out her handkerchief and dried his eyes and hers at the same time. "Listen to me, my Angel," he whispered. " I'll have it off my chest—as much of it, at any rate, as yew need be told." ABhiverof self- reproach went through him at thdt moment, as he reflected that a portion at least of the dread facts would have to be concealed from her. " Yew wos a tiny wee baby," he went on slowly and stolidly, " when yewr.father died— jest about three year old—an' yew had no one in the wide, wide world to give yew as much as a drop o' water—no father, no mother, no sister, no brother, no nobody. I knowed yewr father. He was not a very* good man, bat it ain't my place hyar to eav a word agin him afore yew, hia daughter. Yew wos the prettiest babby that I ever seed, an* the moment I set my eyes on yew I took to yew, an' yew took to me. You could barely toddle then, an' I wos as pleased as a squaw over a new red blanket to have a little thing like yew crowin' at me when I cum home from the mountins or from prairie Ioafiu'. An* then yew growed, an' the more yew'd growed, the more yew got to be a need to me, an' I would rather have done without my pipe, an' my whisky, fifty times aye, without yew. An* then yew got to be old enough to talk, and to ask about things, an' then the lies had to begin, and yew called me daddie, an' I didn't like to say uav to that—it would have hurt me to say nay to'that. fhen all the folks about called yew Kershaw's little wench, an' I didn't say nay to that either, an' the bigger yew growed, ;he prettier yew growed, an' yew got to be jest a bit of mv heart, like, an' a man might as easy have cut a slice o* that out, as yew. Then I got rich, an' the gold cum tumblin in, waggins full, an' I wos glad it cum. I said to myself, that's all for my Angel, an' that pleased me. yew know, an' made me work harder, cos I had yew, my dearie, to work for. An' yew growed quite a lady, an' so hensum, an' so lovin', an' so kind to me, an' all the people loved yew, an' I wos so proud that they did love yew, an* though I often did think of tellin' yew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' you haven't called me names, an* yew've kissed me, an' 'm happier than ever I wos, cos I've told yew what yew ought to have knowed years gene." He raised her and drew her to his breast, and enfolded her Blight frame with his great strong arms, and pressed her to his heart, and neither of them uttered a whisper for the space of a minute or two. " Do not speak of this again, daddie darling,' she breathed. " I want to know no more about it. I am doubly yonr child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel how much I owe to your love. But for yi'u I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the prairies—a straw cast before the winds —and here I am rich, resprc'.ed, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I will soon, daddie dear, I will. But I'll love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright," she exclaimed with changed countenance, jnmping up and regarding herself in the mirror, " and Mrs. Mortimer will think you've been scolding me, and have made me cry. I don't care,'" she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her glowing face with her handkerchief, " let her think what she likes. She blew a kiss to him as she paused for a moment at the door. " God bless you, daddie darling," she whispered, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled the burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sun-scorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happiness in its wake. Gone as love does go when it has brought life and hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer wis sitting in his arm- chair dreamily, us he had never remembered himself before. A doubt still battled in his mind. Ought I to have told her all ? he deliberated with himself. Ought I to tell her still ? No, no, no, no.' came the answer of his conscience, clear as a clarion; you must not break her young, heart and blast all her life with the canksririg thought that her father was an IMiM>rlfiin Atthat momen&yoong; Underwood. appeared at the door, palar even than he b_»' been earlier in the .morning. ' '•What's'the sign now?" asked Kershaw. " Ifcthar a painther loose?" 4 TJo," gasped the young man, bat a creature thsit's far worse. My father has got awar'ftgam." '"Got away!" exclAimed the pioneer. "Waal!" "He has nearly murdere&'Vthe landlord of the hotel," continued Underwdrid. " He made aghastly horrible sling-shot by ijllihg a .heavy ttjmblefc- with the'iron tops screwed ott from the .fire-irons, and tying the lot in a handkerchief. He'lay in wait behind" the door for the poor mail, andwhehthe 1 atter Tenter fed to' giv*e him his lanchdon, he strtick him a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half-a-dozen pieces and fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man will live, and in fhe hurry'and ekurry my father got clean away." "Waal, boy, what do yew propose to do?" ttafed : K6r3haw. " Heaven only knows," replied the journalist. *' There'll be a trial now, ana hn exposure, and Mas Angelica may hear all'about it, for the old'tfllain will-certainly not hold his tongue. O God," he cried, "is it a Bin to wish one's own -father dead?" (TO BE CONTISL-ED}. 