? Oa, THE CONSPIRACY IN THE NORTH CASE.* A STOEY OF BOSTON. fir Chas. Montague ahdC. W. Dvab. CHAPTER XI.— Is Danger. ? Reporter Thomas had no tame to construct theories to account for what had happened. For whatever reason, Stella North -was the woman he had unwittingly followed, and Stella North was the woman who now lay in his arms, as devoid of life to all appearances, as the twigs upon which her dainty feet were dragging. He looked into her face for the moment with helpless irresolution. The dictates of common humanity would have impelled him to pity her, but it was no ordinary pity that filled bis soul on this occasion. He had been aware ever since the day she flashed upon him that appealing glance as her sister was leading her from the room at Swampseott of a peculiar interest more romantic and tender, perhaps, than he as a matter-of-fact-man was iree to admit to himself. But the present emergency demanded prompt action. He could see plainly enough that it was not merely fright that had caused her to lose consciousness. Nature had bestowed upon her a face charming in its natural roundness of outline and ready always to break into dimpled smiles; but, alas! horror and deprivation of sleep and food had wrought a wicked change j in a few days, ?- As she lay with her head thrown back, her lips parted, her eyes closed, her hair straying recklessly about her temples, she looked as if she had just died after a painful illness. Thomas hastened with her out of the sight of poEfiible curiosity. A few steps 'brought him deep euough into a projecting wood that fringed tilt; roadside, and here, in the leaves beneath the trees where the birds were singing, he laid her gently down. His experience in the art of restoring fainting women to con sciousness had been extremely limited, but he believed in the efficaciousness of alcohol, and always carried when travelling for use in an emergency a flask of brandy. A little of this strong remedy poured down the throat half strangled the victim, but it awoke her. Her eyes opened and she regarded him languidly. He had seen a dying bird look just that way. ' Gome, Miss North, you feel better now, don't you i' he said awkwardly, as he sup ported her head upon his arm. And then when a sudden betrayal of tear and 6hame surged into her white cheeks he hastened to add — *: There, now, there's nothing to be afraid of. Not the least in the world.' She made an effort to disengage herself and to arise, but she was very weak, and she only sank back again with a pathetic sigh. The tears came into her eyes at once, and she was unable to conceal her weakness or to check it. Fatter and faster they chased each other down her cheeks. Her face wa3 wet with them. Thomas watched her with increasing con sternation. He who had time and again passed, apparently unmovel. through the most terrible and heartrending of scenes, had now to make ?a great effort to retain control of himself. But as a matter of fact it is improbable that the girl detected any evidences of agitation in his naturally imperturbable countenance. ' Come, Miss North,' he murmured, 'this will never do. You must not give way like this. Don't despair. If there is anything wrong, you may depend upon me to help you all I can.' ' Oh, it's not I who need the help,' 6he moaned, quite light-headed by reason of her long sufferings; and craspine his sleeve with her little hand she exclaimed with sudden, passionate intensity, 'Oh, don't let them arrest her. Don't let them hang her. Marion never could have done it in her right mind. She was ou of her head, you know. You are - sure she was, are you not?' Thi3 unexpected entreaty was a surprise, but it was a, most welcome one to Thomas. He had not had an opportunity for deliberate thought ? since he had recognised who it was that had thrown away th« uncompromising weapon ?with the suspicious smudge upon it, and fled from the North villa in the most damaging of circumstances ; but in a vague, general way his heart had been conscious of the weight of the accepted theory tha.t she was in some way im plicated in the dark work of the tragedy. And no\r these wild, hysterical words, delivered cader the pressure ot her overstrung emotions, gave him more thau a hope that she wa6 inno cent of any part in the hideous crime. Innocent! Hot could anybody look upon ?this child and doubt her innocence ? Reporter Thomas certainly could not, and he gave -up trying to, with a feverish alacrity that was not ?entirely characteristic of him. Comprehending enough of the situation to enable him to act intelligently, he began at once a long attempt to ^soothe her. And behold another miracle! This stern man, whose stoicism was the wonder of his associates, had suddenly become as patient, as gentle, and as delicate as a woman. Ho smoothed her hair, he wiped away her tears. He induced her to take a little more of the brandy. By repeatedly assuring her that her sister was in no danger, and afterwards, by turning her attention to other things, he brought her once more into a condition of sanity. She was not permitted to test her strength upon her feet, but she sat up against a tree, and began to regard her companion with great, round, wistful eyes, with an air of mingled timidity aud impulsive confidence. 'And now, Miss X^rrh,' said Thomas, at 'last, ' it is absolutely necessary that I should leave you for a few minutes. Will you promise ?me net to stir until I return ? I will be gone .juattts short a tijne as possible.' ** You are so kind,' she said, faintly. ' If it is for me you are going I hope, really, you ?Tron't trouble yourself. In a few minutes I 'shall be stronger and can goon.' ' We'll talk about that after I come back,' he said, cheerfully. ' And meantime I have your promise not to stir ?' ' Since you are so good I can refuse you nothing,' she returned, wearily, and closed her eyea. Thomas was off at an energetic pace. He arst tied his horse to a tree, and then ran on to the nearest farmhouse. A well-to-do-lookin-- woman, with a sunny face, appeared at the door in answer to his knock ^Jtfa-fctta,'said Thomas, hastily, 'I have co apologise for my unexpected call, but, the ? fact is, I am in great need of f ood^-the best you have and plenty of it. I'll pay— anything. ?Qnlyietmehftveitatcnce.- 'But I can't,' said the woman ; ' I haven't ?a. thing in the house to eat !' ' But I must have something,' exclaimed Thomas; ' if it's nothing but milk and water. The case is very urgent. Here, do what you can for me.' He thrust a live-dollar bill into the good woman's hand. - She thrust it back promptly. ?' Here, I don't want your money,' she said, Tather 6tiffly. ' Such as I have you're Welcome to. Come in.' She led the astonished Thomas into an ample pantry, which was in a condition of neatness that was almost painful. But it needed no power of divination to determine that it was the pride of the good woman's life, and the shelves fairly groaned with good things. Not ;a thing in the house to eat! Thomas was ?dumb with delighted amazement. ' Well,' said the housewife, evidently enjoy ing the condition of stupefaction to which she ihad reduced him, ' do you see anything you'd /like ? If so, you're welcome.' 'The— the fact is,' stammered Thomas, 'I wish you'd iet me pay for it. I — I — you see I -might carry away a little more than I'd like :to; for the fact is I've got a friend just back herein the woods, and she — he's starving to ?death.' The woman laughed outright. Of course, ?she did not believe that anybody was dying in ?ttbis land of plenty. The best Thomas could do ?was to effect a compromise. The woman -accepted 'a dollar for the heathen.' Thomas 'took away all he could well carry. Afl the reporter approached the place where be had left Stella North, he began to have some fears that she had deserted hun in spite of her promise: but no. There she was, still sitting against the tree, as he had left her. No, ,not as he had left her. Comoletely exhausted, jflhe had fallen asleep. Thomas placed his bundles upon the ground, and softly arranged the repast he had secured \- from the farmhouse upon a light robe he had taken from the carriage. From the howl of fresh milk to the golden brown costard pie, it was genuine and wholesome ; and though he would fain have had Young's chief cook at his .command for an hour or two. ntill he hoped that she could not fail to find the display at traetive and appetising. ? But he hesitated to awasen ner. The poor child slept as only: one- utterly worn out can deep. He looked jat her more attentively, and Ijra heart accelera*'-' ?-« nufsatfons. ? **W*iat~a P**y.. . he 'thought, 'that she , Ajaouid be bo comgruingly mixednp in such an ' sffiur as Oua! * sbiing and charming as she is, «f jK* poUcein|w wl&jj; know they would not Uemtateannhuietoarrestlier.** ? - ?* Thkmn⁢&tmaeayai; **rofri -; He' l«6kea: :4tluB-Mcb. it^jwjcet^nglate.'-^irnleBB he pcoposed to turn 4er ^oVer to the police, in truth, tune pressed. - ~ VAhem!V he exclaimed. 'Miss North!' Bat her deep waatoo deep to be diatnrbedby ,. ^ ?JPnbliaSed by special, arrangement with Messrs. ?.*-*?; ^ ? --? ;«i& an expedient. ' HepiaeediushiindBentiy^ upon her witwH^t, and a thrill ran through him atfhecontact. She started op and stand wildly about her. Gradually the truth came to her. She awoke from a happy oblivion to thehorrorof the past few days. The sadden frightened look in her face proclaimed this fact. And then her eyes wandered from' the reporter e face to the collation spread at her feet. ' Forma!' she exclaimed. 'Oh I — ' But nothing but tears bespoke her thanks. She was evidently ashamed to betray herself so; but she was too weak to prevent it. She covered her face with her hands and sank down at the foot of the tree. ' You'll think me foolish, I know,' she stammered. ?* Not a bit of it,' said Thomas. ' I think your nerves are quite unstrung, because you haven't taken nourishment enough. Sat something. Miss North, I beg of you ; and, my word for it, you'll feel better.' By dint of much persuasion and adroit management he reassured her, so that she actually smiled the very ghost of a smile, but it betrayed the presence of a merry dimple in her cheek, which Thomas thought quite charm ing. ' How can I thank you ?' she murmured. ?* By eating all you can,'* he returned. And she did endeavour to show her gratitude in that way. From time to time she looked at him with a glance of dread and apprehension. ' You are not afraid of me, Miss North, I hope?' he said at last, pleasantly. He was smiling now, as he sat on a rock near by watching her eat, which she did with that ravenous appetite that comes of absolute starvation. 'Excuse me,'' she said, after an evident effort, ' but you are the same gentleman who called at our house — who used to know my father?' Thomas flushed a little and his eyes fell. 'Miss North,' he said, 'I don't intend to deceive you. I am a newspaper reporter.' She uttered a slight scream and dropped her knife and fork into her plate. At another time Thomas would have laughed aloud at the un mistakable consternation produced by the an nouncement of his profession. As it was, he repressed his tendency to smile when he saw her lips whiten under the cruel apprehension that had sprung to life within her. ' You mistrust me, Miss North,' he said, giarely. *' Oh, no,' she returned, in a voice barely audible. And added immediately, 'For pity's sake, sir, do you intend to print what I told you when I was so crazy awhile ago?' 'Do I, Miss North? It depends upon whether or not you go on with your dinner.' ' Oh, how can you joke about a thing like this?' ' Miss North, I am not joking. I never was more serious in my life. It is absolutely im perative that you eat.' The poor girl tried to propitiate him by swallowing a few hasty moutbiuls, but it was evident that he had taken her appetite away.' She regarded him with a look of pathetic appeal. 'Oh, sir,' she exclaimed suddenly, 'I am only a poor girl, and chance has placed me completely at your mercy. Don't tor ment me, I beseech you. Tell me the worst at once. 'What do yoa intend to do with me ?' ' To save you,' answered Thomas. 'To save me?' she repeated helplessly. ' From what f ' ' From the consequences of your conduct.' 'Mine!' she exclaimed. 'What do you mean ? I have done nothing/' ' Pardon me,' said Thomas. ' You forget \- the pistol which vou threw awav. and vour Sight from home.' She stared at him for a long time like a statue. ' And yoa believe — ' she began at last, with an awful look in her face. ' 1 believe nothing,' he interrupted,. ?* so much as I believe you, Miss North. It is not a question of me, but of the police.' *? The police — police !' she stammered. ' Miss North,' said Thomas, 'I would not frighten you needlessly, but I feel compelled to tell you that you have placed yourself, in the eyes of the law, in a very equivocal position. Unless you can give a full explanation of your conduct — ' ' Oh, sir,' she broke in, ' I can tell the police nothing— absolutely ngthiug.' She wrung her hands and looked about her apprehensively. ' It's not because I am guilty of anything — oh, sir, you know that ! But I cannot say what I have thought, what I have been com pelled to believe in spite of myself. I have said things to youalready, when I didnot realise what I was doing, which I never meant to have repeated to any human being. And you — on your honour, sir ! — won't you keep my secret ?' ' I will do everything I can for your sister, for your sake,' said Thomas. ' But I must ask you one question. What reason had you to believe her guilty ?'' ' I do not believe it. No, I will not ac knowledge that I ever really believed it. But for one moment, when her strange actions seemed unaccountable upon any other supposi tion, I — but it was a mistake, sir. I am sure of it. She could explain everything if she ?would.' 'There, there!' said Thomas, soothingly. ' Don't get excited. You are as safe with me as you could possibly be with any one. I simply wanted to have the assurance from your lips that you are unaware of the fact of any crime.' ' Oh, believe me, sir.' ' I do, Mies North. _ I believe you implicitly, I and I will do everything in my power 'to help you.' 'You are very noble, sir.' 'You flatter me,' said Thomas, averting his eyes, ' I have sisters of my c we, aud — ' The girl clasped her hands, ' And for their sakes — ' 'No, for jour sake,' said Thomas, turning quickly to look towards the road. t!You spoke of that dreadful pistol, sir!5' she cried, suddenly, ^'Tell me how you, Jjnow I' 'I saa-yoii. Miss North.' ' And the pistol is—' 'In my pocket.' She stretched out her hands impulsiveiyy while a wild light of hone Iig&fed; in her face. ' Give it to me,' she'exclaiaied. ' Forgive me,' said Thomas', ' but I must refuse you that. Believe me, it pains me to be obliged to refuse you anything.' 'You— won't give it to me,' she faltered. ' And what, then, do you propose to do with ' I will be frank with you now as ever, Miss North,' he said, in a low voice. ' I intend to give it to the police.' She sivayed, but his arm prevented her from falling. 'Come! come!' he exclaimed, in a quick whisper, as for the moment he held her close to his rapidly-beating heart. ' Be a woman ! Do your duty as I shall do mine ! I have promised you my protection— my. utmost effort on behalf of yourself and your sister. Miss North, will you trust me?' Impulsively Bhe brought her face very near to his and turned the light of her blue eyes full into his dark ones. It was an intense, fearful, searching stare ; a look such as one might cast into the future at a fork in the road of life be tween lasting happiness and despair. His gaze never faltered, but hers did. She blushed, suddenly became self- conscious, and precipi tately looked down at the ground. ?' I will,' she murmured, faintly. ' You are in imminent danger,' he said, hastily. ' Tbereis no time to lose. Follow me.' And as he turned from her she obeyed him with the trusting confidence of a little child. CHAPTER XII.— Thomas Decldjbs to State Theobies. About ten o'clock on Monday morning a tele phonic message came over the wires from the chief of police at Lynn to the Boston police head quarters which seriously interfered with the habitual imperturbability of Inspector Apple bee. ' Whatever does this signify?' he demanded of the chief inspector. ' That youngest North girl has disappr sred.' ' No !' ex.cL.jmed his superior, in a tone of surprise. ' ' How can that be ?' **I don't know how it can be; it is,' Applebee declared. ' She left the house some time last evening. They did not discover her .absence till this morning. A hurried search of the neighbourhood traces her to the railroad station where she took the last train for Boston.' ' That's a queer family, .anyhow,' . com mented the chief inspector, with a very puzzled 'air. ' Applebee,. nave you tried to ascertain whether there isn't insanity in the blood?' ' 'Plague take it! What waa I thinking of not to have out & man to watch her .last night ? I thought of it, but it seemed an 'absurd pre caution!' fujned tf»- inspector. '. *J However, .her flight the minutethe. funeral is over; does' ;away wijj£ahy lidgjeriag doubtl inay -h«V&,hid- Ox OCT COBDfPtlCtty .l&TXbO; CHOIO* m \\*'' '? r *' ' ? ??**? ?'t' I ^Betttr 5*t-SB5nfe fo^txfKK#iMM*k* Then aee^neaiiifetTia havdtarwprd b*$wa.^ ^ V ' . Inspector White having 'been despatched to' %e .Eastern depot with instructions to find the 'fugitive' at any cost, Inspector Applebee re turned to the private office of his superior. The . chief carefully closed the door. '?' Applebee,' lie said, as be resumed bischair, ?'ifrunuBratanayoudeiinitelyjthereienobodyi- . so far as known, who benefits a. cent by North's death except his daughter Stella?' ' Exactly, inspector. You are to understand just that. There is not the slightest indication of robbery or theft. Both the property in the house and the personal property on North's person were intact. Nobody benefits but this girL Just 'two months ago he took out a 10,000dol. policy in her favour in the Penn Mutual.' 'And are jou sure he has effected no other insurance?' '1 cannot find that he has, or that he ever did.' 'Isn't it rather peculiar that he waited all these years and then made her his sole benefi ciarvmthia wav?' ' 1 don't know. His other daughter is mar ried, and he probably considered her amply provided for; and the outlook of business affairs might have warned him that it would be pru dent to heave over an anchor to the windward. But, whatever his reasons, the fact is indis putable. There it is, in black and white. The woman who uses the perfume I have been look ing for is the sole person to profit by Paul North's death. It is a curious coincidence, to say the least, that the two clues should implicate j the same person. And yet a seventeenyear old girl like this — oh, I can't believe it ; that's all.' 'Applebee,' said the chief, ' I begin to realise that we are in a very delicate position in this matter. It calls for our nicest discrimina tion and judgment.' ' I should say as much.' 'Let us see what we know. We have established circumstantially beyond a reason able doubt the identity of the woman who was in the Marlboro street house at or after the time of North's death ; the woman who, to say the least of it, must be an accessory after the fact.' ' So, indeed.' 'Instead of some adventuress, the woman turns out to be North's own daughter, a mild faced, innocent-looking girl of seventeen.' 'So, indeed.'' ' Well, now, to my mind, unless the girl is crazy (and we have no evidence that she is), she never could have shot her father.' ' It's a pretty serious thing to charge her with it.'' ' You don't believe it r' ' I'm hardly prepared to dispute the evi dence.' ' Very well, then, there is only one explana tion. She knows who did it, and she runs away to avoid questions.' ' It looks so.' ' And as she never could reconcile her con science to such action unless the guilty party were very near or very dear to her — ' ' ' Stackhouse again I' said Applebee, signifi cantly. 'There's no way out of it. Unless something turns up in his favour, Fve got to arrest that man.' ' It looks so. But I shouldn't like to make a mistake.' 'Nor I. It's not like taking some poor beast into custody. A mistake like that only redounds to our discredit.' 'Very well. Wait a day or two. Something more must come out. Let us find this girl. It won't take much to frighten her thoroughly. She will tell us everything she knows. Mean while, you are sure Stackhouse cannot take French leave?' ' Trust me for that. M'Mannus and Bobbins axe both keeping their eyes upon him. So long as he behaves himself he may do as he pleases. At the first cause for suspicion they will bring him in.' There was a knock at the door. ' Mr. Mendell,' said the messenger, ' to see 'Mr ArrnVheA.' 'It's the writing expert,' said Applebee. ' Send him in.'' Mr. Mendell appeared, bearing under his arm a small portfolio. ' Good morning, gentlemen,'' was his greet ing, 'And what do you think of the news? No surprise to you, I suppose r' 'What news?' questioned the chief in spector gruffiy. 'Why, the collapse of North and Stack house, to be sure. What, hadn't you heard?' The two officials were staring at each other. 'Where did you hear that, Mendell?' Applebee asked. ' Where ? Everywhere. It's all over town. Of course, circumstances make everybody talk about it. All sorts of rumours are afloat as to the cause of it. Some say it wouldn't have occurred but for North's death. Others say it had got to come anyway — that it was only a , matter of time. But, plague take it! that wasn't what I came for.' ' What do they say's the cause of the firm failing?' asked the chief inspector, with every appearance of intense interest. ' Well, as I hear it, they've been doing busi ness lately chiefly on wind. Oh, it's an awful smash up. They say Fetridge, the young mil lionaire, was a considerable loser. In fact, they say all sorts of things, as they always do at such times, but I don't know how true they are.' ' Who is this Fetridge?' the chief inspector inquired of Applebee, as if the name were new to him. ' Why, he's the man who came here to get us to search the house in Marlboro street last Thursday. A friend of the family, I believe. At any rate, he was at the funeral.' 'And what are the rumours, Mendell?' pursued the chief inspector. ' About Fetridge ? Well, it's reported that he's held the firm up by the nape of the neck, as it were, until North's death, out of regard for the old man ; but that Stackhouse tried to see him since and got the cold shoulder. They say that Stackhouse and Fetridge are anything but friends.' ' Quite so,' said Applebee. ' But, turning from gossip to business, what's your report V' ' Well, gentlemen,' returned Mendell, briskly opening his portfolio and extracting therefrom several papers, 'I don't know that I can help you a great deal, but I'm satisfied of one thing. Out of all the specimens of writing which Jobson presented for my inspec tion^ there are not five which could have been uone bv the party who prepared the anonymous, letter^' '* There are four, then ?' said Applebee. 'Just,' returned Mendell, spreading the ,' samples upon the table ; ' and there you have j them.' ' And how about yoiif preference ?' *' I have none. You see the writing of the* original is too shaky to be a good guide. It is evidently a disguised hand, but at the same time not disguised by a person who understood how to disguise handwriting. Evidently when he had written it he thought, because it didn't have the general appearance, to his own eye, of his own writing, it was consequently sufficiently bund to deceive anybody. I don't believe the peculiarity of the f oraiation of the letters ever occurred to the person.' ' Who are these parties?'' 'Three of them are business men. The fourth was formerly, a clerk in the firm's employ, but was discharged, I believe, for drunkenness.' 'Pshaw!' said Applebee. 'I know these three men. They're none of them in need of money, and would not have taken that means to get it if they had been.' 'It remains, then, with this other fellow— Willard Smith — eh?' said the chief inspector. * J What do you know of this man's history ?' ' Nothing but the few words that Jobson ac cidentally let fall,' replied the expert. 'He said that the man was young and industrious. That he invested every cent in Nicaragua Mid land, lost his money, and took to rum as a con solation.'' 'That's our man,' said the chief inspector, positively. 'Applebee, let's go to work on this at once/' There was no time lost. Inspector Applebee and his assistants were soon scouring the city for information concerning Mr. Willard Smith, late clerk with North and Stackhouse. But the quest presented some unexpected difficulties, and when Tuesday morning came it had not yet achieved success. Applebee was scarcely awake on Tuesday morning when the following telegram was placed in his hands — 'Habtfobd, Conn., 6 a.m. ' Important ! Meet me at headquarters at 1 1. ' White.' 'Doob he bring Stella North with him?' was the grave question that persisted in Applebee's mind during the intervening time. 'If bo, I am confident that we are nearing the end of this perplexing case.' He communicated .his anxiety to the chief : inspector, and both men waited with impatience the coming of the man who had gone in auest of the mysterious fugitive. Alas, for their ; hopes! Inspector White was quite alone. The three men were clcseted together as soon as he arrived. 'Not a trace of her?' exclaimed Applebee, imnniMtitlir' t . . ** * ' **SB&tofl; through my fingers like a fish!' said White.';-' 'Circumstances 'very peculiar. 'Whole thing mysterious : .morethan my3terurasj -f-su*j»ca6tts. v ; /.?,?.; ' . . i 'SowdoyouTaiean?' ? ; -? ',J?r ; 'Wnito:i-lacea ^faia 'fond 'impressively' pa. ? Ajipl^beev^^uld^^^aiul 4Houshthe door^was ' shot spoke in al^ioBt aTSrhisper— ^r . /- '? 'I*eu you,' xnajiV'a'is'^bne of two things. That girl's ether made sway with herself or ahe'sJiad help to escape.' ... 'It's likely enough that she had help to escape,' observed the chief. 'But I know of no good reason why she should go Quts4ja of ''jcomroix-cuur suicid©*?' 'Wait till you have heard me,' said White, eagerly. 'Observe the facts carefully. I traced this girl to the Albany depot, and through the hackman, who bought her ticket to Hartford, was able to go direct to her stopping place. There I expected trouble. Not a bit of it. Everybody knew about her. Why? Well, I'll tell you why. Somebody had got ahead of us; that's all. A black-haired young man, about thirty years of age who wrote his name William C. Waterston, had been up in the morning making inquiries all over the place, representing her as insane.' 'Evidently an assumed name,' muttered Applebee, apprehensively. ' Couldn't you get a full description ?' 'You may be sure I did, even to the cut of his shoes. But wait a bit. I haven't got to the end. This young man hired a carriage at East Hartford and started out upon the road in. chase of the girl. That he overtook her I have positive evidence. That she thereafter disappeared, aud that he went on alone, I'm equally well informed.' 'What?' ejaculated Applebee. 'Just as I tell you,' said White. 'I traced this woman to a certain place on the road between Hartford and Buckland. Abruptly all trace of her disappears. She is seen in con versation with this man, and not again by anybody in either direction. Meanwhile the man kept on alone. He was seen by several people by himself in the carriage. He drove clear to Vernon, sent the carriage back to East Hartford by a messenger, and there he disap pears too.' 'Great powers!' exclaimed the chief. 'We're outwitted.' ' For the time it would seem so.' 'For the time!' echoed the chief irascibly. 'Don't you see what this means? The girl was a, greenhorn. The man was an expert. I'll bet you a hundred dollars he had that girl all the time in the bottom of his carriage. Why didn't he go back to Hartford ? Can't you see his purpose! The New York and New Eng land railroads run through Vernon. By this this time both principal and accomplice are Bafe in the city of New York.' The two assistants stared blankly. ' At any rate,' said Applebee, 'it plainly demonstrates one thing. We're dealing with professionals.' 'Professional what?' asked the chief, angrily. 'What is there in the line of a professional about this affair? Was there any theft, any property missing? This isn't a burs!?^ n«- f 'lend : i t's a murder.' lwoo, iiaeea. nsn iHipieoBe. iJut pro fessionals have been hired before now to -do a iob of that kind. It's uo use for you to tell me that this chap doesn't know the ropes, inspector.' The chief seemed struck by bis remark, and became thoughtful. ' Write out the fullest possible description of the man,'' he said to White. 'We'll see what we can do ; though I'm afraid we've botched it.' Inspector White took out his notes, and, seating himself at the table, began immediately to comply with the request. In the midst of the work a messenger ventured to bring a card to the door. 'Humph,'' said the chief, 'Kingman V. Thomas, of the Boston Globe, is here, and he says that his business is important and im mediate.' ' Let him come in, then,' advised Applehee. ' I tell you that man cut his eye teeth years ago. If he says important he means impor tant.' The chief gave a sign of acquiescence, and shortly -after the door opened to admit Mr. Kingman V. xnomas. yuietiy cugmnea, ana entirely master of himself, as upon all occasions, the reporter cast a quick glance upon the group. Without a word he advanced to the table, inserted his hand in his breast, took therefrom something enwrapped in a news paper, aud laid it down before the chief inspector. 'What is it, Thomas 3?' queried Applebee, curiously. ' Look at it,' returned the reporter, briefly. The chief undid the wrapping and took out an old-fashioned 32-calibre, four-barrelled, breech-loading pistol, about eight inches in length, and stained with rust in several places. Everybody started and looked eagerly from the weapon to the serious face of the man who had brought it. ' It is just as I found it,' he said, quietly, ' with the exception of the rust. I took it out of the water, and I didn't care to wipe it much, for fear of destroying the smut on that empty barrel.' ' Well,' said the chief, with an assumption of indifference, ' why do you bring it here ?' ' I considered it my duty to do so, sir.' ' To be sure : but what make&you; think so ? In other words, where did you. find it?' 'I found it in the water on the shore at Swampseott.' 'Swampseott!' ejaculated Applebee, who began to examine the. weapon with avidity. ' The deuce you did ! When £' ' Sunday night, about nine o'clock.' 'Sunday!' echoed the chief inspector, sharply, ' and it is now Tuesday morning. You were evidently in no haste.' ' I went out of town by a very early train on j Monday. This is the first opportunity I have i had, gentlemen.' ' ' How came you to be wading in the water at Swampseott after dark, Thomas?' ques tioned Applebee. ' Weil, sir, it won't take me long to tell you what little I know about the matter. I stipu late but one thing. This must not be given to the press. You agree? Very well. % was passing the North villa when I saw a. 'yoman enveloped in a long cloak stealing ijjjt of the. garden. I followed her, deeming her appear ance suspicious. She went towards, the shore, and I thought I saw her throw something into the water. Waiting till s^$ had gone, I waded out and found this. I ?aa «p the street, hoping to catch her, but miss&d; the last train in. She seems to have beea in better luck.' The tar?s i«so§stftrs exchanged significant glanee?, ?«And you didn't see her face, Thomas -?? I AS $efeff taf erly inquired. ?? 1 did not ; no.' ' And you have no idea who 6he is ?' Thomas hesitated a moment before re plying. ' I don't know that I care to state theories. You have enough of your own.' ' Well, Mr. Thomas,' said the chief at last, ' I think you are entitled to our most sincere thanks for important evidence in the North case. Still, in matters of this kind, delays are dangerous. - It does seem as if you might have found some way to get this to us before this.' ' I preferred to deliver it in person,'' said Thomas, quietly. 'I never take any chances in a matter of this importance.' ' You prefer to be slow but sure, I sup pose,' said the chief , smiling. ' Well, Apple bee, here it is. It won't take you long to verify your suspicions about it.' ' I rather suspect that Thomas has already done that,' Appleebee said. * ' I took that liberty, yes,' agreed the re porter. ' To whom did you take it ?' ' To Comfort Harwood, Swampseott.' 'When?' ' This morning — the first opportunity I have had.' ' And what did she say ?' ' She positively identified it as the property of the bite PaulNorth.' This appeared to be the extent of Thomas's information. When he went ont, White said with a smile : ' Bless me if that man wouldn't stand as a model for this description I am writing.' ' Eh !' exclaimed the chief inspector, turn ing suddenly in his chair. ' Applebee, watch that Tnaii !' 'What? Thomas?' cried the subordinate, in amused amazement. ' That same Thomas,' said the chief, drily; 'unless you want the newspapers to get ahead of us in this matter. For I tell you that man knows more than he has told us.'5 (TO BE COHTnrUBD.) 