MISCELLANEOUS. Mr O'Shea tells a good story of Grimbush. an Irish actor, who went; on the stage as the Ghost of Hamlet, thinKntr himself William in Black Eyed Susan. He was, of course, very much intoxicated. " Instead of strid ing in with martial stalk, the Ghost, hitching his cuisses in sailor fashion, lurched on the hoards, and, grasping the hands of the astonished Marcellus, roared out, ' What cheer, messmate ? Tip us your ilipper, myhearty.* Mar cellus was too much taken aback to speak; but Bernardo, Horatio, and Francisco began frowning and whispering emphatic warning to the Ghost in dumb show. c Avast heav ing, you lubbers I' shouted Harry ;11 take you to be no better than a crew . of co wardLy land sharks. But a true British sailor'--here a hitcli of the cuisses -' never turned his back to a lass or a glass, or hauled down his colors before a dozen beggarly foreigners.' A call of 'Hornpipe I' was thereupon raised from the gal lery, and the Ghost of Hamlet's father, in ' the very armor he had on when he the ambitious Norway combated,' went through the paces of that sprightly dance with complacent nimbleness." II. F. S. Dymoke, the " Queen's Champion " was recently very ill in London. TT?s family has, since 1377, held the Manor of Scrivelsby, in Lincolnshire by the tenure of challen ging all comers to dispute the ^sovereign's right on the day of Coro nation. The Champion has not been called upon to exercise his functions since 1821. when the Dymoke of the period rode in full armor on horseback up Westminster Hall, where the ban quet was being held, dared the world to dispute the right of George TV"., and re ceived a golden cup as his fee. The famih"lias adopted anexcellentcantnig motto-pro retje dtmieo- and its thren crests are a lion, a sword, and (with strange irony) the " scalp of a hare." The badly mixed condition of poli tical affairs in Boman families maybe judged from, the fact that a prince of the highest distinction is a chamber lain to the Pope, while one of his sons is an officer in the Italian army, a zealous Italian, and devoted to the King: another is a senator, after having been a depute. A prince is hereditary Maredial du Conclave to the Pope, thus having the position of Minister of Police to his Holiness. The son of this prince, who will suc ceed lum. on V"* death, or upon his retirement, is an officer of cavalry, and devoted to his Sovereign. A great many more instances might bo cited to prove that things are very mixed. The most important addition which has recently been made to the De partment of antiquities in the British Museum is the famous Carlisle collec tion of engraved gems from Castle Howard, which is one of the finest in Europe."and wliicll has heon pi>-. ciiaeeU. ir.mi T.ord Carlisle. The col lection was formed by Henry, fourth Earl of Carlisle, who died in 175S. A letter from Horace AValpole to Rich ard "West, dated Borne, May 7, 1740, gives a very diverting account of the manner in which one of the most valuable parts of this collection was acquired. Th« letter in quest'on is to be found in the first volume of the ~Wal pole Correspondence. The timber of the Puget Sound Co operative Colony yielded 1(30.000 feet on the average to the acre. This is the colony that made the first sub stantial settlement there. This tim ber, that is the stumpage. brought .IdoL per thousand, or 160dol. to the aere. When it was off the settlers proceeded to grow new crops. The . results were astonishing. E. G. Morse raised on some of this same land, near the mouth of Morris Creek a crop of potatoes that averaged 1:340 bushels to the acre. Jack "Wilcox, of D tiugeness, raised wheat during suc cessive years averaging 90 to 12-5 bushels" to the acre. Oats have aver aged 14o bushels. Turnips grew so big that they weighed as much as forty pounds each. Hay runs from four to six tons to an acre, and hops average some years from 2000 to ! 3000 pounds for the same area. Be ; sides this, the largest hemlock tan j ning extract company in the world is in operation there. It is in almost the very north-western tip of the United States, only a" stone's throw ! from British soil. It is a rushing region, and no other part of the coun try surpasses it. The Princess Louise, whose artistic accomplishments are well known, has j nearly completed the bust of the ; Queen, which is to be shown at the : Chicago Exhibition. The Princess has had many sittings from Her I Majesty, and as her facility in catch t ing likenesses is wonderful, as is j acknowledged by all who have seen | her wonderful portrait of Paderewski | in the New Gallery, the sculpture will have an intrinsic value beyond that which will be attached to it as a work of the Queen's daughter. The admirers of !>ar»h Bernhardt are rejoicing in the fact that the great actress has gained in bulk since she was last seen in England. Per haps Mine. Bernhardt is not enthus iastic as to this question of growing stout, for a fat tragedienne would be an. anomaly, liut certain the star of the moment is not quite so tliin as she was in the days when, on being taken to see a portrait of herself with her pet hound, Dumas Ills exclaimed, '.Ah. yes' I see; a dog and a bona." Every time Queen Victoria leaves one of her residences, even for^ an afternoon drive, the event is notified some hours beforehand to the police by the equerry on duty, who an nounces what itinerary Her Majesty will probably take. Atcertain points all along the route policemen have to be stationed, and detectives are placed at all the spots where the {Royal car riages are likely to stop. Bound Balmoral and Osborne the roads can be watched without difficulty, but not so around Windsor and Buckingham Palace. The automatic *tamp machine has been perfected. A penny in the slot will bring a postage stamp, a memo | card, and an envelope-. t In place cs£ the old-fashioned bull's I eye the London police are to be pro > -ytded with portable electric lamps, i Each lamp weighs 4oz_. and gives a [ continuous light for seven houre. 