POETRY AND TtilPLES. WHEN COMES THE NIGHT. When coince Uie night, Shall we acouae the sun, Because thc gloom oppresses most Thc Haul that glow* with lustre lost? And shall we shun Thc memory of Ikht ? When comes thc ice. Shall wc condemn thc rose, That filled thc Acid with royal bloom. And scented hali, and Church, and tomb, When winter throws His ermine round us thrice ? When sorrows come Upen us unaware. Shall wc reproach thc joy that shed A Klory where thc feast was spread. And in despair Sit silent, sad, and dumb 1 When comes the grave, Shall wc the cradle curse, Thc fatal day when daylight came. Because (he night of dreaded natue, A second nurse, Comes Bleating down thc navet When comes thc word That blasts In pain or wrath Our caril' love or virgin hope, Our hearts may listen, though we grope In unlit path, To BOO gu our cara have heard ? Then brave thc night. Which cannot kilt thc sun. And with undaunted courage j,Tcet The angel's cup, though life Ite sweet. Tis quickly done ; Come, draiu the goblet quite ! And if a breath Khali cut your love in twain, With robe of toara enshroud the post, And hurl defiance to the blast ; Beat down the pain. , Till beaten, thou, by Death ! ' Uarrcr. ' In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend, but in adversity it is the most difficult of all ' things. A bachelor, having advertised for a wife to I share his lot, was asked what the size of his lot was. Thc inventor of a machine that will darn r socks says : " No married man ought to be without one." ( Mrs. Buffers (looking up from the paper). Of all things ! A couple who have lived i together for sixty years have applied for a I divorce. Mr. Bliffcrs-My, my ! Sixtyyears ! I don't wonder, i A lawyer's client being shown into an office . was pressed to take a seat and take off hi« hat, hut stoutly declined, urging us his reason that he dedred to keep ex penses down as mnch ¡ as possible. No matter how strongly a man pretends I that he doesn't bal ¡eve in ghosts, it may bo doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard at . midnight without feeling as if something were going to clutch him from behind. A naturalist eays some bisects are in maturity thirty minutes after birth. They , aro like-people who ure converted to a new cause, the biggest when they arc first bom. "You arc charged, sir," said thc Police i Magistrate, " with attempting to kiss this i woman on the street. Do you plead guilty or not guilty?" "Your Houor," replied the î blear-eyed prisoner, taking a good look at tho prosecuting witness, "I plead insanity." ' Magistrate : " You've stolen no less than twenty-five umbrellas ! Six months bard ? labour." Prisoner (aggrievedly): "Six months ! That's ton much, guv'nor. I think ¡ you ought to make a reduction for me takin' a quantity !" He had no intention of proposing to Miss G itt har. He merely remarked during the conversation : " I presume your parcutB are . still living." " No, they arc both dead. You : will have to speak with my guardian." Featherstone : " Do you believe in ghosts?" ¡ Travers : " Well, for years I have been living in a haunted house." Featherstone : "You ' don't tell mel Who is it haunted by?" 1 Travers : " By my tailor." r Clergyman (solemnly) : " I greatly sympa ' thise witli vou in your afliiction, madam, but , you ehoulä not abandon yourself to grief. ! Vou should know where to turn for consola- tion.' Young Widow: "But who would , want to marry a woman with three children ?" i Thc minister's wife (to industrial scholar) : < " Eliza Jane, I'm Bony to hear from your schoolmistress you are not diligent at your 1 needlework. You know who it is finds work > for idle hands to do ?" Eliza Jane (intensely anxious to propitiate) : " Ycs'm ; please'm, you do !" ' Wife (from the window, at 1 a.m., to tipsy \- husband): "Well, whnt's your excute for ' coining home at this hour ?" Husband t" Let mc in, M'ria. Just come from thc meeting of ! the labour union. Been considering what we'd do about the recent strike." Wife: "Well, ' you just sit dowu on thc doorstep and consider ? wliut you'll do nimut ino recent iocK-out." Alli! elie slammed donni thc window, j At ii concert a gentleman rose np just as y thc third piece had benn rjorformcd, und said, f " Mr. Conductor, will you oblige me by re , questing thc vocalists either to sing louder or j to sing in whispers, us there is a cuuvcrsntinn , going on here, which is conducted in so loud r a tone as to entirely hinder my enjoyment of j tile music. I prefer, certainly, to hear thc % latter ; but if 1 cammi do thai I should like ' to hear the conversation." There was no more talking that nillir. A Scotch parish minister got a professional t brother to prench for bim on Sabbath day. Some time afterwards tho two met, and thc obliged minister remarked, ' Mon, we'llhae to f;ct ye toe preach nt our kirk nguiu. Wc never iud Buch a big collection OB wc lind last Kab _ hath.' 'I nm glad to hear that,' remarked J his friend : ' how much was it V ' Nino pence- und some duy it's only three bawbees, 9 and never mair than threepence.' 'Well,' replied thc friend, ' they can't think much of í my eloquence, for I put in sixpence myself ! i Upwards of u hundred dill'trcnt species of j bacteria uffect thc mouth. 'I he bucillus of c pneumonia is oftc fuund in thc saliva of quite hculthy persons, und, of course, ns long Y na the general vitality oí the lungs arc kept t up, no inflammation in these organs will a \ ensue from its pretence in i lie body ; but it may, while leaving thc lungs utitonclud, help \- to form, with thc other diseases producing i, bacteria present, abscesses in tho sui rounding« 1 of thc teeth. Different Varieties of thc germs, known as xtnphlo und duplo inc thc cause of t thc fur-producing property of the saliva in r I thu mouth. 