THE OPAL RfNG. We were sitting round the smoking-room fire at II Hall, and when the clock Bhowed us that a briei half-hour was all tbat was left of the old year, there came a pause, everyone apparently preferring bis own thoughts to convention. Not everyone, though, for Charlie Selwyn sat five roinutas with a very depressed countenance, and then buret out— " I wish some of yon fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of corpses. If I put out the lights perhaps this wouldn't be a bad time for a ghost tailc." and he jumped up and extinguished all the candies, then went on : " I'm sure some of yon are thinking about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among them all his life, by the look of his face; beside, he has on that beastly opal ring, which I hate. See it glitter, as if it sheltered within a devil or a ghost." «* Would you like to hear its story?" said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint amile: " it includes a ghost, so perhaps it won't be too tame, even for Charlie." "Let's light some brandy and make a green light," said Selwyn; "I'm sure it would add to the effect." " 1 daresay yon know," began Gordon, " that I am a relation of Lord Gordon. Our lathers were cousins, but he has always been aiuoh more like a brother to me." •'Gordon of Grathorne Abbey?" asked Charlie Selwyn. " Yes; I visited there last Christmas for the firBt time, my cousin having always wintered np to that time atashoctine-box in Norfolk. When I arrived his sister Clarice— for I forgot to say that Geoffrey is a bachelor —met me in the ball and with an anxious face told me that as all the rooms were full, Z and a few others would have to sleep in the noith wing. She hoped I would not be afraid, as there were several of us. 1 assured her that 1 had net the slightest objection tc the north wing, at which she locked much relieved. " An old man-servant showed me upstairs; and cfcer traversing about a mile of staircases and passages we arrived at the north wing, part of the original building, now about 400 years old. " ' Why don't people like sleeping in this part, Thomas?* 1 asked. 4 It seems to me the most comfortable place I was ever in.' "• Well,sir,'said Thomas, 'I don't think thera is much against the room, except that poor Lvly Dorothy was kept here till she escaped and was drowned in the lake. Shall I eend some one to unpack for you,' Bir?' " For tbe ness fortnight we were hard worked, for it is not easy to keep fifty people amused, but BB the frost held out, skating and sleighing were much indulged in all day, and theatricals and concerts, at night. At the end of the fortnight, when all were gone except myself and a few other relatives, Clarice asked me if X would change my room. . " • No, thank you, I prefer staying where I am,' said I. " * I'm glad if you've sent the ghosiB away/ she said. 4 The servants all declare that if anyone slept there fourteen nights running, the spectres would never come back again. 1 "' Weil,' I answered, 4 I've slept there thirteen night3 ; I intend to sleep there the fourteenth, BO it is a bad lookout for the ghosts.' " That was New Year's Eve, and it was much such weather as tnis, except that there was an awful gale all day which blew down big trees and left drifts in the park ten feet deep. We were all rtther dull tbat evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterics, which did cot surprise ns much after all the fatigue of the la^t fortnight; so at eleven o'clock we separated and went to our rooms, and for the first tirao I thought mine rather ghostly, so I made up an enormous fire and settled myself on a sofa beside it, not feeling inclined for the funereal bedstead, and began to read. By-and-bye I fell into a half Blnmber which must have lasted quite two hours, as, when 1 awoke, one cand le alone was flickering in its sooket, and the fire was very low, but I did not feel inclined to make it up, having that peculiar feeling that someone eiEe was in the room. I accordingly determined to let it go out and try to go to sleep. But try as I would I could not help keeping awake, and as the room was now almost in darkccsB I seized the poker and stirred the fire into a blaze. " When I looked up I was surprised to see a figure at the other end of the room. After a while it turned and approached me, and I saw it was a lady dressed in a costume of the last century, and having on her hand this ring. Presently she came quite close to me, and among other things which I mast hot reveal she implored me to wear the ring while I lived. She would have no rest if some one didn't wear it; and she would come and claim it at my death. I noticed it sent red rays all over the room. I promised to do her will, when she disappeared through a panel, and I remembered no more till I awoke in broad daylight, and found old Thomas standing beside me looking dreadfully frightened : but he seemed relieved when I assured him I was all right, and sent him to ietoh Geoffrey. When he came I told him everything, and pointed out the panel through which the lady had passed, fie crossed the room and opened it, revealing a small recess, in which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin slippers, which I instantly recognised as those the lady had worn. •"But what about the ring, Clifford?" asked Geoffrey. " I held up my hand and showed him the opal, now pale and lustreless as a piece of carnation. His face blanohed. She always appears before a death,' he mattered. " When I was dressed I joined my cousin in tbe piotnre gallery. He was standing before a email portrait, which I instantly recognised as my visitor of the night before, and on her finger gleaming the opal ring. *' I may as well tell yon all I know about her,' said Geoffrey. ' She waB the wife of some ancestor of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter night a traveller came and aBked for their hospitality, as hiB horse oonld go no farther. He turned oat to be an artist, and Lady Dorothy insisted on his painting this portrait of her, which he did, and in the meantime gained her affections to each a degree that a dnel was the result, and her hnsband was killed. What happened to the painter no one ever knew, but poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in the north wing, from which Bhe escaped one New Year's Eve and drowned herself in the lake.' " At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming: «* MiBS Clariee! poor MisB -Clarice J I knew something wonld happen !' "We r ashed off to Clarice's room, where we found my poor cousin quite out of her mind. "' I saw her I I saw her!' she kept repeating. * She came through there, and 1 saw her !' Inexpressibly shooked I hurried for a doctor ; bat it was of no U3e, The poor girl never recovered her reason, and a month afterwards I heard of her death. "When we examined tbe recess in my room, we found a secret staircase and a door into Clarice'sroom, and on one of these steps an old cambrie handkerchief and a shawl, which it is supposed lady Dorothy dropped in her hasty flight. Geoffrey shut up the house j and haa lived abroad ever since. I am told that he looks quite an old man, and has white hair, but I have never seen him since tbat terrible day." When Gordon finished a deep silence prevailed,* and it waB not broken till we heard the bells ringing in the New Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many hand shakings and good wishes exchanged by all of us except Gordon, who slipped oat, unperceived in the general movement. ''Fanny thing," mused : Charlie. "I wronder if it is true ? Moot be, though, since he's goc ih8 ring. I clways thought there was something connccied with that opal; it glitters eo much ; and to-night it was quits red." We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in the morning he brought a few lines hastily scrawled on a scrap of paper from Gordon, tilling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I explain matters to our host. For ten years I had neither heard nor seen anything of Gordon. I had sold out of tha regiment in which Charlie Salwyn was now major, and S't'led down in a comfortable pises that an uncle had opportunely left me; and I had just invited a lot of people for a ChrictmaB and New Year's visit when some not very pleasant business obliged me to countermand all my invitations and penetrate into Germany, which of all places in the world seems to be the worst to spend the winter in. I had fiuiehed everj thing, and was hoping to get home in time to see the New Year in: but I was doomed to disappointment; and after the trains had been getting slower and slower, on New Year's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter cams and managed to make mc understand that I must get out, as I was the only passenger, and the train did not intend to go any further. "But where the deuce is this ?" I asked, looking about me in despair and seeing nothing but the Rhine and a very small town on its banks, wfcich at this point are most nninteresiing, and, in fact, remind you of Holiend. At last I managed to make out that it was Naawied, that the " Golden Anchor " and the '• Wild Man was shut, and that the only place where I should be likely to get roonH was the Moravian Hotel, which, for the exhorbitant amount of five marks, the porter offered to show me. Could I have rooms ? Yes, certainly, and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing me into a sitDing-rcom with a fire in it. And should they take hot -water upstairs, and what should I like for dinner I This sounded comforting, and it proved so, too, for after a hot bath and an excellent dinner I felt refreshed and set myself cheerfully to work to read some Graphics a year old. But i was not long alone. The proprietor evidently tdought he might as well come and converse with me, which he did, giving me his views on German politics, which were quite different from anything 1 had ever he&rd; before on the subject. " And have you no one else here to-nifht?" I inquired. " Oaiy a German lady and her daughter who occupy a sitting room upstairs," he answered j but if the gentleman wishes I will ask them to come and talk." " Not at all, thank you," I replied, the idea of having to converse with two German ladies being too much for me. But 1 meant English; you have no one else here, 1 euppose i' Tae landlord's faoe grew grave. " Yes, we have one Englishman here." he said, " but he will be gone before the morning, I fear, poor fellow." "How do yoa mean—where is he going?" I inquired. " Home—he is dying; perhaps you would like to see him ?" I did not much like the thought, but it seemed to be suah an awful thing to die away from everyone in a foreign land, with no lellow countryman near, that I consented, and the landlord took me upstairs to a room in which were a German doctor and two Moravian sitters watching their patient, for there was nothing else now to do for him. I went softly up to the bed and looked at the dying man, whose faea was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay on the counterpane. Oa it glittered an op3l ring. 4 4 Anderson J" said a voice; and as he turned his head I recognis&d; Clifford Gordon. My dear friend !" 1 murmured, and then I q jito broke down. \- Ask them to leave us ; they can do no good now," he said. I turned to the landlord and told him this was an old friend ot mine, and that he wished to speak to me alone, whereupon he bundled tha doctor and the ethers out of the room and left us together. "Anderson," Gordon began, " do you remember this time ten years ago, and my telling you about Lady Dorothy ?" " Yes, I remember it all," I said. Well. I have seen her again ! she came last night; and I think she will come again for tbe ring." " I hope cot," I answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. " I did not tell you all," he said. " I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, but I am not afraid now. Are those bells ringing in the New Yeor ?" "Yes, dear old friend, is is New Year's morning," I answered. " Will you open the window ? I should like to hear them for the last time. Do yoa think yoa could raise me slightly ?" I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some time, and then Gordon said: 4 4 The New Year has come now, has it not J And Lady Dorothy—" hastopped, and his eyes closed. I seized the bell-pull, but it would not act. When I looked at his hand the ring was gone. He was dead 1 