.A TRAVELLING ?OMPAN ' jN; /JlVB. CALEB BUCKLE, as Be at in bie ' » eminently respectable Club, -was ia a very ba£ temper indeed. i * It was certainly annoying, and even * more patient temperament than Caleb's I would have been raffled to no" slight extent by the circumstances. For fifteen years, as i Wgtilarly as the procession of the seasons, , fcadhe been accustomed fco spend the suin j^mer months travelling from one pleasant "^Continental retreat to another, accompanied by his friend, General Beaman, K. "C. B., ; Withwhom liis acquaintanceship dated from *heir Eton days," and with/whom he was. in that condition of thorough sympathy and accord which is the only sure tie between I Ravelling companions... This year every . thing had promised for a trip of unusual ' pleasantness,"and for weeks Caleb had gloated over tbe prospect, only at the last -moment to receive a check in'the'shape- of :a letter from the General to say that the breaking out of an old wound prevented his -being able tb stir lor six months at. least. _ .. Caleb's cup of disappointment and chagrin fairly brimmed over. What was he to do ' He would rather not travel alone, and it was now July, and the season was too far advanced for him to look for a travelling -companion. E veiyone he knew had already either left London or was on the point-of so doing. In another week town would be absolutely empty : and ,as this ghastly certainty impressed itself on his mind he happened to glauce out of the win dow, and surveyed the broad Street with the pavement apparently as crowded as in the height of the Season. Perhaps others were in his own sad plight; maybe some of those very passers-by,found theinselves at the last moment bereft of valued travelling com ? panions; doubtless-and an idea "flashed across the tobacco-soothed brain of Mr. Buckle, the very originality of which caused him to gasp so that he swallowed a mouth ful of smoke and indulged in a fit of coughing which completely spoiled the. peaceful doze of the solitary waiter. Mr. Buckle's idea, however,..'"was of too startling a nature to be acted upon at once ; nor, indeed, did be find himself able at ouce to consider it calmly and judiciously in all:. \- i ts bearings. So lie began to think of some thing .else as hard as he could. In his case the "-something else" resolved itself into a consideration of a disquieting epistle that lie bad feceived that morning. . C&leb;, though a bachelor, stood in tbesomewhat anomalous: position of-guardian and trustee to "bis" only jiiece, a pretty girl of. eighteen,, who. had always lived with hermother's people. Sh« was the daughter of Caleb's youngerbrother, a former Colonel iii a Cavalry regiment, who had provided that his daughter, should be debarred from .enjoying the fairly substantial fortune lie was able to leave her . should she marfy before the age of twenty-one Avitliout her uncle's consent. It was a provision of the will which bad never given Caleb the least uneasiness, but now here was his niece writing to tell him that she was engaged to ? be married to a young man of whom be bad never heard, and that she counted upon receiving his consent as a matter of couree. Now, Caleb was not only as selfish as men of bis age and -mode of life are apt to be," but be was also conscientious. He felt that be could not grant his consent without careful inquiry into the young man's antecedents and prospects, and this he knew would entail upon him a vast amount of bother and annoyance in any case; and, possibly, should he disapprove of the match, a vast" deal more. ' ^ . Thus tbe "something else" .was _nob a pleasant subject to dwell upon, and - so be returned to his "greatidea;" which the mote be thought about it; seemed the more attractive and plausible. It' ended "in his sending a document by the- hands of the Club Commissionaire to tbe office '-of* The Times. \ - Then be went home to the dull little bouse in St. James's; and next morning when his middle-aged man-servant brought him, as usual, Ihi Times with his tea and toast, he found only one paragraph; which was to him of the"slightest degree of interest. This ran as follows : WANTED. - A Gentleman (middle aged), of refined tastes, to accom pany _ the advertiser on a-, three mouths' Continental tour. Apply personally or by letter to O. "S., 99A, Duchess-street, St. James's, W" : It was the evening pf the day on which Mr. Buckle's advertisement appeared, and Lieutenant Charles Sotheran, a good-looking, eurly-headed - youngster, who was passing the night in town on liis way to i&ldershot; in the morning, found himself the sole occu pant of the billiard-room of the Junior Tatters. At first he was not unfavourably impressed by his unwonted loneliness. Ue was fidl of high spirits, satisfied with ihe world and himself, and engaged to be married to a girl whom he, of course, regarded as the loveliest and most charming- of her sex. So brimful was he of self-congratulation that- be must needs begin to drink his own health; and as he bad already had a bottle of "extra secV with his dinner, the consequence of this amUsement was that in a very short- -space: of time the speeches he made "to himself were somewhat thickly uttered and inco herently composed. He had ;the sense though to knowthat hehadgonefar enough, and in the final desperation of loneliness he picked up a morning paper from one of the lounges aud vainly tried to read. He was about to throw the paper down and seek metal more attractive elsewhere, when a paragraph caught his eye and led him to read it carefully over. "That'sb funny !;' he murmured. "Seems to me 1 know the addresh, au' yet I don' know who lives there And he read it over once more. Then a gleam of amusement caused the ends of the fair moustache to trend in an upward direct- ion, and Lieutenant Sotherau chuckled audibjy. He chuckled as be drew out a dainty little note-book, and amon<* a few bettuig hieroglyphics jotted carefully down an address which lie copicd from the newspaper. He ehuckled as he walked downstairs and indued himselfwith his over coat aud hat; and he continued chuckling as he directed the hall-porter to call a ban som, into which with much solemn delibera tion be stepped, and still chuckled. The direction that, with a regular explosion of good-humoured chucklings, Mr. Charles Sotheran gave tbe driver, led him no great distance from his starting point, for it was in one of the side streets leading fiom St. James's-street westward that the cab drew up at the door of a small house of staid respectability. That the windows were all dark and even tbe ghost of a glimmer wanting in the hall, so far as could he seen through tbe old-fashioned fanlight, was a matter of no concern apparently to the fare, who, with a like deliberation to that, with which be fiad entered, emerged from the cab, j and, supporting himself by the iron railings which guarded the porch on either side, began to hammer steadily and forcibly with the knocker at the dingy old door. He banged away on the defenceless door, play ing popular airs, as though he were a performer in the regimental band : till at last his efforts were of avail. A first-flooi window opened, and a very red face sur mounted by a very white night-cap-for night- caps are still worn by elderly gentlemen -in this year of _-grace .$84(2-was protruded therefrom. "... ' \ "Who areyou, and wliat 'the 'something or other do yon wa.ntT' growled the night capped oue. . r. " Areyou-" replied .Lieutenant Sotheran, with a sweet smile, " or rather are yeur initials 'C. B.2'" "My initials are rC.-B.,' sir; but what tbe dickens is that to you ?" '"Then in Heaven's name come .down instantly! My business does "not admit of delay. "-"- -And so insistant was the visitor's tone SUndry Sounds echoing through the empty house proclaimed the. fact that the owner was making. bis hasty way downstairs. The door suddenly opened, and Lieutenant Sotheran, who -was leaning against it, lurched forward somewhat precipitately intG the hall; but .-he recovered himself, and, leasing against the wall, gravely contem plated the somewhat remarkable figure presented by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, candle in hand and attired in a garment of engaging brevity, stood glowering wrathfully at him. '?'Soyou are1G. B. ?'" queried Charlie, sweetly. ."lam, sir; and now what is the urgent business f' " And you inserted the advertisement for * travelling companion in to-day's Times ?' " I did, sis; but you must be aware that thisis no'tisne to " "Andyou want someone to travel with you, do YOU, '?. B. V " went on liis questioner, as though he had not heard the inter ruption., "I do,, sir; but I should never dream, after this outrageous intrusion , "Well, I hope-you'll have a pleasant trip ' C. H-'-l tliought I'd come round, late as it is, to tell you ? "To tell liie -to; tell me wliat, sir ?" fairly snorted poor Buckle, who was shivering with the cold." "To tell von," drawled the other, " to tell you tlist/rairt come! " And in another instant he was in the cab dashing down the street, while Caleb Buckle danccd in impotent rage on the doorstep. " Yes, it wasn't a bad joke for a dull John nie like me to play off/5 said Mr. Charles Sotheran a year later to one of his fellow officers. " But when I found out that the old duffer was my fiancee's uncle, and when he recognised me and refused bis consent to our marriage; and when I think that we have to wait two years before we can marry, wbv. I don't think it quite so rousintrly funny as I did, doirfc you -know !" Vanity 1 Fair. A NOVEL HEDGE. ^ A gentmsmau on a walking torn- through . Shropshire in the autumn of 1890 gives the | following account of a peculiar hedge or fence which he came across : ' "Strolling through the Carding Mill ^all^ near ?hurch Strei.fcon, at tlie nppar part of the valley, Tfound that a large piece of laud has beeu reclaimed from the waste, and_is cultivated as a Vegetable" market garden. _ To protect the produce from the luroads of the mountain sheep, this plot of Jand has a'/fence around it of such peculiar construction that it may be called unique. Aue .south-end corner is composed . of two enormous tmssuchas oue sees gingerbread mi aj country fairs, very battered ;ti"d full of Jiotes.- Each tin is about-six feet in length and tliree fee$-«i circumference. These are flanked nghfc and left by an incredible nuniber of zinc buckets, in every stage I of dilatation. Some have handles and bodies and no .bottom, others have .the Barrel -merely, while in some only the handle or bottom is left. There are zinc buckets enouglrto load a wajrgon. Further alone the garden an old-fashioned plough forms pait of the fence. _ This is adorned with fragments of old iron hooping, tea-travs, meat-covers, old coffee-pots, and preserved ; meat tin?, aided by uiore backets. The; upper part of this wondrous hedge derives its defence from sticks, gorse, tarpaulin, j paits of a chair, a drippiug-pan, and bits of cheese-boxes. String is largely used, from j the parti-coloured twine used to t ie up sugar 1 to a piece of rope suitable for a ship's cable. W here string runs short bits of clothing torn into strips are utilised, aud over all are the i zinc buckets and meat tins. Part af this I medley fence is held up in places bv broken rabbit wires, called in to aid the string. Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west side, propped up with gorse, and' bound with withies. The ubiquitous zinc j buckets form the first Hue of defence, the, advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous I protection.* -- 1 ; HE FAILED TO " CATCH ON." An amusing ineideut occuried in a "Newark music-store the other day, A new and very pretty ballad is entitled " Kiss Me." A verv pretty girl having heard. of tl.e sono-, and ' thinking she would get it with some others, stepped into a music store to make a pur chase. One of the clerks, a modest young man, stepped up to wait on her. The vouiiS lady threw her veil back saying: * "I want * Bock Meto Sleep.' " [ her 6 Cle,t "°fc *t,le son% and put it before .wSE^^S""* T*| "Isow, ' Kiss Me,'" said the young lady, meaning, of course, the sous above meu turned. - . The poor clerk's eyes almost popped fire I as he looked at the young lady in "astonish ment, for he was not aware of the fact that a .song by that .name had been written. " Wh-hat did you say, miss ®" I' Kiss Me,'" said she. '1 c,an't .do ifc> miss; I never kissed a youug lady m my life," said the clerk, i that time a veil dropped, a youug lady left in a hurry, the clerk felt sick, and j ttie proprietor lost the sale of some music. HE COULDN'T GET HER CUSTOM. 4 IT'S funny," said the yourig'mau who hsid just opened a grocery store in the neighbourhood, "that I can't get that woman s custom. _TYe gone out of my way to be pleasant to her, atidi she won't even look m here any more." " Wasn't she ever in here ?" asked the customer. f J'^Cie'" ^?pli,ed the y°unZ man, "and I treated her the best I knew how. She had ier.1,te koy wjfI» J«er, and he was tickled to death with the little white mouse I have m luecage on the front counter." " And she ?" '1?^ ^ed it, too. She said it was a pietty little thing, and seemed to enjoy his pleasure in watching its antics. ? So I just thought I d clinch matters, and I took it out of the cage and put it on the floor. It's delighted »£U0W' "^nt' t'le ^oy was perfectly i " And the mother ?" | 1 She said it was one of the cutest things ' ^lfVei',^W,',bJUfcIS,,e safc riSht down on a -tool and pulled Ijer dress close about the ankles, and pretty soon she ?iad got hold of i the boy and backed out of the door with Uim. one said she was ev<er so much obliged to me, but she looked sort of pale, aud hasn t been in here since. Funny, isn't it, i when I tried to be so nice to her' THE MAN WOMEN ADMIRE. WE admire the man who believes we know more about housekeeping than he ! does. We admire the man who will be kind to a home 8'landmother when tLe fiW is not at , We admire the man who asks our advice ^ sometimes and abides bv what iutuition | teaches us. i j We admire the man who has the tact to I admire a woman's dainty ntckwear as well : as a ucw gown. [ I We admire a man who does not spend all Ins money on tobacco and wine, but saves I some, for candy and flowers. We admire a man who has plenty of musc-le aud has yet sufficient* tenderness to nurse a woman's headache. ^ ® admire a man who talks, sensibly to us, aud who thinks we appreciate something morethau mere flattery. ' ^5ic^'5 we admire a man .who is manlv. mentally and physically,-,, who is generous , and kind, who reverences woin^u ia s»eueral' and one in particular. , j CO ISOLATOR Y. . j y?"te nofc pi'ettj' when yo a're young, I This consolation hold: | That in some fifty years or so . i You will fce pretty old. A _knotty problem-the Wheat »ossiL\e 