SpoFtifig Gossip. \- ' ' By "Cblkbbook." Egyptian's rider did not lose a stirrup in the WilliamBtown Steeplechase on Tuesday, but those behind the horse lost their cash all the same. Babel, by Glorious, out of Oonfusion, wbo wbb more than au average per former in Queensland, is now, I believe, located at Caulfield. Bieikji, who won the Nursery Handi cap at Warwick Farm races on Saturday, is an own-brother to Patrol and the now defunct colt, Sanctuary. They were all got by Grand Flaneur, from Teraza. . The winner of the Auction Stakes at Warwick Farm .on Saturday was Past- master. eon nf_ grandmaster is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap with TsL" f \- ' It was only proper that /after Waiter hhfi finished fourth in the HpsomStefiple - chase on "Friday, that tton ml d i .' Arria Donckster'e jockey taol weighed fa. all; right his trainers ap& foUowers should have sung, Ob, "lead'.' 'us be joyfril,' at Epsom on- Friday. The lad weighed -out 7et 61b and weighed in 7et 71b 1 -In lheVA.T.G. Oakleigh Handicap I like the following : — Lardy Dardy, R&aoo;, Medjidie, Tin stream, Proh Pador, Thought, Insomnia, Sir John, and Aspen- leaf. For the Hawksburn Handicap— The Spot, Swing, Lapstone, TiraiUerie, Korbert, and Dundas please- me most. Photo, wbo won the Maiden Plate at the Drysdale races, would appear to be a fair animal, and, when he gets Peter Bowdren'fi "Forest King polish" on, may win something better. -By Dante from Pioture, by Tom King (imp.) from Moonbeam, by Boiardo, reads pretty well. Bowdren has, I regret to say, been seriously ill, but is now on the fair way to recovery. Zelekdia, wbo won the Kogarah Stakes and Stewards' Mile at the last Moorefield Park races, was got by Grand Flaneur from Sapphire, who won the V.R.G. Oaks in 1680. Zelendia is trained by Ike Earnshaw, who would appear to be quite as " downy " as oux own Ike — Foulsbam, to wit. How's this for. a pedigree ? A 18.8 pony named Sardie, by Sardonyx, from Romping Girl, won a handicap at Rosehill last Thursday. The name of Romping Girl calls np doughty deeds of Masquerade, Sloth, Favo, Dancing Master -and other fair performers. Mr. H. Yeekd informed me at Epsom that he had disposed of La Grippe to Mr. E. G. Naylor for £160. With a little time to get the brother to Perfectio well, the South Australian will get his money back with interest. Lady Superior, Mr. Naylor states, has been sold to Mr. W. Tyson,- and that gentleman was given delivery of the daughter of Emulation and Ruby yesterday. In the Handicap Trot at tbe Sydney Driving Park races last week, Maud started at even money, and Patience was at 6 to 1 ; bar two, 10C to 1 was offered. Amongst the starters was Anneaux d'or, (the New Zealand mare- over whom there wasno.endof trouble some time back). Tbb latter finished second, only a distance away. - No mistake about that win. Me. S.GCook was evidently glad to get rid of Greenwich, the speedy eon of Sunrise, and Mr. E. C. Naylor, who purchased the gelding, was not par ticularly anxious to retain him after he had won the Disposal Stakes at William- stown, as Mr. R. -Beestou became tbe horse's new owner at £140. That gentle- man gave enougn ior cue gelding, wuo has u aleg," and no mistake. Greenwich is now under the charge of Mr. Robert Sevior, the veteran Flemington trainer, who will require to bring all his skill to bear to get back for the owner the purchase money given for the son of Empress. I was always under the impression that only in the racing world was there any hanky-panky tricks played by the performers, but the special representative of The Herald at present in Sydney " doing " tbe International Cricket match states in reference to the matter of Walter Giffen being caught out by Lohmann : — " However, the decision given by Tooher may he accounted for by the fact that several of the team set np what is known as the Nottingham Yell, invented for the express purpose of deceiving the umpires." What a nice double, the Nottingham Yell and the Gloucestershire Growl I A jockey named Harbutt was fairly " on the job " at the Albury Races on the 26th ult., as out of five rides he was second in the Hurdle Race and Anniver sary Handicap, won tbe Trial Stakes and Selling Stakes, and was third in the L.V. Stakes. Garthagetheongh, who won the latter event and tbe Anniversary Handicap also, is a son of The Barb. Tbe horse named Ovation, , who won tbe Trial Stakes, and whom we may expect to see down here, is, I take it, by Applause, the sire of Approbation. That marriage is not always a failure has been pretty clearly demonstrated, in the case of Edward Power, tbe well- known and popular jockey. - On the 19th of September he won two races on Aster and Megaphone at Randwick, and from that date till the 5th of December lie was not successful, On the latter, date he won the B&llarat; Cup on Annesley, and daring his single days did .not steer another winner. Behold thejchange after, getting " tied np. A . few - days after being "spliced " Edward. won the Anniversary Handicap at Oanlfield, and three days after also annexed the Trial Stakes 'on Avondale at WUliainatpirii. 4s R. B. M'Iyor's gelding, Bn&peim;, Well known over here as a htirdle-raber, started in the Adelaide Steeplechase, won by'Teddington, and finished fifth,' which was not a bad performance, considering that the eon of Cast Off had previously filled a similar position in the Hurdle Race.. ; A forty-mile tbc6 u ctueltyi butodo Pastime, published' at Buenos Ayres.' The object of it wis to test the relative endurance and staying powers ofrs&e; native horse, and -of the thoroughbred. The course thfire is & mile round, andthe conditions' of this contest were 40 Bmfie round with lOsi in the saddle. Eighteen started— poor beasts 1— but only four finished, and "the native horses were .quite out of it," the journal records.. The' winner turned up in Sarah, a thorough bred imported mare, and she did the distance in 2hr ISmin, an average of a mile in 3min 191 sec, which is remarkably good when we consider that tbe Darby has taken the winner over two minutes to go a mile. Another thoroughbred, called Oro Sellado, was second. It is to be hoped that .the question having once.been tested, no more experiments of such . a terribly trying character will be made. The well-known New Zealand sporting writer, " M&zeppa;" who generally knows what's what, says in a recent issue of an Otago exchange: — "The weights for the two chief handicaps at the Y.B.C.. Autumn meeting were wired across on Tuesday. What New Zeslanders - were chiefly interested to know was how the handicapper would deal with Mr. O'Brien's pair. Freedom and Florrie. I think he has given them as light weights as could be expected. . . . Without pretending to pick the winner of the Australian Cup, I may be allowed to state that Freedom and Tirailleur will be very dangerous if at their best on the day, but of the two I prefer Tirailleur, who is now to some extent acclimatised, and has by his continuous failures come down to a weight that he can cany. . . . . « I do think it would be good business to back Tirailleur for tbe long race." The following is from a London exchange, which, judging by its title, never told a fib " Nothing on earth will upset a horse's stomach. This is not because the horse does not feel tne pain, but simply because the horse has no gall bladder. Has anybody ever seen a horse sick at sea ? Has anybody ever known an emetic to have any effect on a horse? At a bull fight a horse may be seen eating with its entrails trailing on the ground. As to the contention that a horse is not as sensitive to pain as.a man, 1 think -ihat a 'horse iprobablya- great deal more so. There is no living creature, hot even a hysterical woman, as nervously sensitive as a horse." Judging from an article on Starters and Starting, which appeared last week in a Sydney contemporary, my friend the " Old 'Un " might have been present at the Williamstown races on Tuesday, so pointed are his remarks. Here is a specimen 'of tbem " To command the confidence of tbe riders the starter must possess patience, combined with firmncsB, and to lose his temper as to lose, at the same time, the jockeys' faith tin him. I have known a starter to say, 'Go back, . I'll not let them go without you,1 and when the jockey addressed has gone back, the word ' Go 1 has been given, and he has been left: at the post. Go, and be d to you1 was what I heard the starter say at a country race meeting when he had made several unsuccessfcu attempts to get tbo horses off." Not because Mr. Godfrey Watson has been " getting it hot " lately do I keep up the attack, but really his despatches in the Trial Stakes and A.N.A. Handicap at Williamstown were very bad indeed. A brother pressman was having an argument the other evening over the merits of the several teams which took part in the recent tug-of-war, which was won by the representatives of old Ireland. Said the pressman to a Hibernian, who naturally was of opinion that his country, men were invincible, " I'll bring a team to beat the Irishmen." 41 Well," replied Pat, " if you don't run in that team of jockeys 'Olympus' told ns about in last week's Punch , I don't think you can. What nation wonld you choose?" "Oh," said the member of the Fourth Estate, "they'd be colonials." "Then you'd have not a ghost of a show," said the Tipperary boy. Then, just to -finish up the wordy warfare, which had got a trifle boisterous owing to the o.p. nature of the whisky partaken of, the pressman said, 41 I'd back a team of bullocks to pull the Irishmen !" The next meeting of tbe Mentoue Racing Gluh is fixed for Tuesday, 16th February, entries for which close on Monday, 8th February. The following" is the card : — Selling Hurdle, of 70 sove ; Trial B takes, of CO sovs ; Flying Handi cap, of 50 sovs; Handicap Hurdle, of 70 sovs ; Disposal Stakes, of 100 sovs ; Menione Handicap, of 70 soys. Weights will be declared on the 12th inst. The nomination for all events is one eov., whilst acceptances are at scale. " As will be seen by advertisement, tbe Groxton Park Racing Clnh hold another meeting to-morrow. As usual, there are six evente-T-four for horses and two for ponies. Only reliable bookmakers will he allowed to bet in the paddock. The next races at Epsom will be on Friday, the 19th inst.. when a nice little programme will he run through. There are eight events to be entered for on Mon- day next, the 8th inst, included in which will be found the Ivanhoe Handicap for 14.1 arid under potties, and the Imperial Handicap for 18.8 and under ponies, besides a Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. Weights on the 15th February. 