( PASSING- NOTES, j (By Faustine.) J MWc do our bout intellectual or artistic I work ' when personally unhappy," said a I clever Sydney woman the other day. The J idea is not new, but coming spontaneously I from one of the sex least given to psycho I logical analysis, it strikes one with an I unusual sense of profundity. The fertilising I influence of sulVering has ahvays been a fruit I ful theme for poets and philosophers — from J the gentle, spiritually-minded Kmcrson to I the cynical Rochefoucauld. " To learn by f suffering what they teach in song," for in r stance, is a quotation familiar from our I. cradle days, and we can hardly open a novel without coming across somebody who, after getting his heart broken once, or half a dozen times, according to his capacity and opportunities, and rinding the process beginning to pall, turns round and writes a book, or carves a statue, or paints a picture, into which he puts his life and soul, and which draws other lives and souls after it that have suffered too, like a magnet. But why should to "gain the man's joy" mean so surely to iniss the artist's sorrow? Why should the heart's unrest quicken the mind to flights otherwise undreamed of Wo are tired of Heine and the cypress shadows. The grim realism of modern art , beigns to weigh upon us ; and our ears, so long accustomed to the plaintive minor chords of these pessimistic days, would gladly welcome an interlude in simple, bright C inajor. An Australian Walt Whitman, with his clarion note of hope, and courage> and youthful half-savage daring, would do us good unspeakable. It has been suggested to me lately that in view of the increased difficulty of finding em. ployment for women, especially gentlewomen in reduced circumstances who have not been trained to s.ny special branch of labor, a Woman's Exchange, ou the American plan, would be an admirable institution in a grow ing city like Sydney. On looking further into the matter I find a very complete description of the rise ami progress of such exchanges in an American magazine for May, with full particulars oA their aims and methods. The first object is naturally the direction into remunerative channels of women's work, and the encouragement of a spirit of inde pendence among a too dependent sex. The Exchange receives three classes of work, viz., domestic work, art work and needle work. The domestic department includes all forms of food that can be prepared by the consigners in their own homes and sold through the Exchange — such as bread, cakes, jellies, sweetmeats, salads, soups, and all kinds of sickroom delicacies. The needle work department is practically limitless, receiving every available form of plain and fancy sewing, while the art section offers Special encouragements and help to decora tive art. All exchanges— for in America there are now many — liave these three dc partments ; but some are open to other kinds of work as well, such as " cleaning and mending lace, re-covering furniture, writing, copying, preparing lunches for travellers and picnic parties, and a few take commissions for shopping." Ten per cent, is charged ou all goods sold. The idea is an excellent one; but, since to be forewarned is to be forearmed, it is well to point out at once that, so far, there have been serious faults in the working out of it. In the lirst place it doesn't pay. All kinds of entertainments, including the inevitable charity ball, flower show and rallle, have to be resorted to frequently to make both ends meet, apart from the jirivate subscriptions sent in as to other beuevolent institutions, and though the Exchange " docs not wish to be considered a business enterprise and bo judged by ordinary business rules," it can hardly escape it so long as it enters into com petition with other business activities. The writer of the paper considers also that it is a great mistake to exclude men's work from the Exchange, or to hamper it with the condition that only women who are dependent partially or wholly on the sale of the articles offered shall be admitted to it. Still, much good has been done. It has raised the standard of domestic excellence in cooking ; it has im mensely improved feminine ideas of decora tive work, and it has given to many women employment that can be carried on in their own homes, aud therefore without inter ference with home duties. And in some cases a very fair income has been made. One lady sends chicken salad to the city every dav. another makes preserves and jellies for private orders, a third prepares fancy lunch dishes at short notice for invalids, and these are all really making money by their work. Altogether there is a suggestiveness about the main idea of the " Exchange " that, with duo care and thought in regard to_detail, plight lead to great results. A correspondent writes asking me to draw Attention to the growing tcndcucy among well-educated women to indulge in broad jokes and doubtful stories. ''And," she adds, "I mark with regret that a woman — even a clever and well-bred woman — does not now hesitate to discuss subjects with her male friends that once were considered suit- aoie ouiy to the medical consultingroom, or the very 'holy of holies' of domestic life, such as hereditary tendencies, sexual rela tionships and realistic literature of the more pronounced type." I am sorry to hear of the growing tendency to indulge in " broad jokes aud doubtful stories," because I regard that pastime not only with disgust but contempt, aud consider it equally unworthy of both man and woman. But " the subjects that onco were sacred," etc., my scruples do not extend to those. " Between perfectly well- bred people," says Emerson, "110 subject should be tabooed." And lie is right. It is the person who degrades the subject, not the subject the person. Aud who, looking with pure eyes 011 the face of Nature, should feel ashamed or embarrassed in her. calm, fateful presence? Well-worn as is the axiom " Unto the pure all things arc pure," it will bear repeating once again. As regards the subject of hereditary tendencies (to risk my correspondent's dis pleasure), it is interesting to note that Bjorosen, in his last book, dealing, as it does, largely with that question, strikes a different note to Ibsen. Bjornsen's "Heritage of the Kints," and Ibsen's "Ghosts," are both pourtrayals of a modern problem. Both depict a widow fighting with hereditary tendencies in her son to his father's excesses. But Ibsen, noble and powerful us he is, is hopeless. "It is Kismet," lie says, " tho sins of the fathers are visited upon the children," and the children fall under the curse." "Not so," replies Bjornscn ":Ono inherited qualityeombatsanother." One raced not be so desponding. In the course of time all families arc so mixed together that any legacy of evil, has almost always beside it a legacy of good, whiehinay be strengthened by Use. Be watchful, be untiring in effort aud courage, and the evil may be so modified as to he almost unrecognisable, if not exorcised altogether. The mother in Bjornsen's book does exorcise it. The boy is violent, un governable, half-savago in his instincts. "Very well," says the widow, "ho shall be brought up entirely with girls"; which he "Was. And the little girls used to beat him, and lialf- strangio him — one boy among them all— until he fell in love with one of tho small .tyrants : after which he used to light desperately for her. Bjdrusen believes Strongly in the united education of the sexes, and full confidence between parents and children 011 all points. He would have every boy, every girl, taught what life and its dangers mean, before leaving tho mother's kiieo. " Then heredity will be revealed," not us 'an iron fate, "bub a potent stream of tendency, to be curbed and guided by the power of a mother's love." IV hy do Englishwomen never admire their OMii countrywomen? TJria question seems still to be puzzling Ameriesui writers in spite of the fact that Georgo Meredith, who is adored on the other side of the Atlantic, by- the-way, has answered it many times. ' Englislrwoincn lack expression," lie says. "A want of Arc, life, mobility," echoes an admirer of his. Even American Women need to cultivate expression. The Irishwoman never does. "Nature has en dowed her with that sparkle, that nameless charm, without which even beauty is apt to pall." Well, it may be so. Bub I have seen faces as expressive, even in faraway Aus tralia, us any that grace tho Emerald Isle. And how about tho dark-eyed, passionate typo of Southern Italy, or the bewitching bizarre graces of your intelligent Parisienne ? s Seated at the back of a rustic convolvulus- covered arbor the other evening, an uncon scious eavesdropper, the following conversa tion broke upon my ear : — She: " But you said rive, dear. And you didn't come till half- past." He (reproachfully) : " And what a spitfire you were ! If you had kept me waiting I should have known there was some good cause for it. I should have been content." ' She: "Content! Yes, I belie vo you'd be content if I never came at all. And thereupon you were late He: "An afternoon tea, vou know" — (mildly). She (excitedly): "And that was all! Well, I call it a piece of impertinence !" He (dcprecatingly) : I'm afraid you will never understand mc. You are so — so im petuous ! Don't you know my heart is true to you ?" She (between sobbing and laughing) : "Yes, so was 4 his.' ITe married Matilda, the daughter of the. builder, Hut his heart was true to Poll." (A rustling of the leaves) " Good-by, Phil. You are " I heard nothing more. But what was "lie".?, It puzzled mc for a long time. Simply, perhaps, Lamant philoxophiquCj the lover of the future. 