Australian Anniversar/ Regatta. Notwithstanding tho many counter attrac tions on Tuesday, this sailing regatta proved a great suooesa. The regatta was one for sail ing boats only, and the wind was snob, that its sailing was quite a pleasure to witness. The boats ooúld be seen nearly the whole of their respec tive courses, and punctuality in starting waa observed in ail instances, whioh in no small degree contributed to the sucoess of tho mooting. The A.TT.S.N. Company had kindly placed their favorito intercoastnl steamer Cintra at the disposai of the committee, and her spacious poop was crowded with ladies and gentlemen, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the proceedings. The Premier Band was on board, and played some excellent music, whioh greatly en livened the day's buting. The offioera in charge wore indefatigable, and all worked moat heartily to make the regatta the success whioh it undoubtedly waa, and reflects great oredit upon Mr. A. Krone, the hon. BOO., and his compeers. About half-paBt 1 o'clook lunoheon was Berved in the spacious Baloon{ when fully 200 ladies and gentlemen sat down: Considering that the Cintra arrived at 8 p.m. on Monday only a limited time was allowed Mr. Murphy, the chief steward, to make preparations, but he .was equal to the task, and everybody Beem/thorqughly satianed. There was only one speech, when Mr. GL 0. Melville made a presenta tion to Captain Hampton, on behalf of the com mittee, and he begged that gentleman's acceptance of a liquor stand as a token of the appreciation of the committee for _the services he had rendered the re gatta. Captain Hampton in a neat little speech replied and thanked the committee for the very handsome Siesent, which he would keep as a momento of the .ustralian Anniversary Regatta of 1893. Just prior to this the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Manning) and Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.L.A., arrived in the launch Premier, on a visit to the flagship. After luncheon the wind had increased in force, and capsizes were very frequent. Captain Byrnes in his launoh picked up nd fewer than three crews. The steamer Fawn followed the raoes with the umpire on board. Tho 24ft Ghost won the big raoe after a smart oontest with the Volunteer, whose chances Were considerably reduced by losing two of her men overboard and having to stand by to pick them up again. Mr. , 0. Ti:raton (mmoire), Mr. J. Dwyer (judge), Messrs. Wi Griffith, W. Fitzhenry, and J. Dwyer (handicappersjfcive every satisfaction. Mr. Fitzhenry is to be conRiended for the starting. I The times were taken by Mr. Harding. The results of the principal events were-Eight Feet Dingeys : ' Our Boys 1, Maggie 2. Fourteen Feet Dingeys « Regina 1, Aome 2, Thomas Punch 8. Ten Feet Dingeys: Venora 1, Massilia 2, Areta 8. - Sixteen Feet Dingeys : Our Own 1, Violet 2. AU Boats, 22 feet to 26 feet : The Ghost 1, Volunteer 2, Mantara 8. Eighteen' and Nineteen Feet Dingeys »' Edith 1, Cygnet 2. All Boats, 20 feet; Grace Darling 1, Viotor 2. 