? ? ' Ie there, then, no d oxd once spoken ? 'Was never a deed but Written on tables never 2» I am an old woman of fourscore, but my eye is not dimmed nor my natural fcrceabated; for which 1 thank the Lord. Poor I am not, nor unhappy in my old age, for I have always done with my might what my bands found to do, and rendered carefully to others the same I wished rendered to ice. That's my creed, and it has Eerved my need these many years. Fifty—res, sixty—years ago I lived, the story I am going to tell I was blithe Belle Hurlburt then, with light heart and strong limbs, and just beginning to keep company with John ifoarne. How long ago it seems now! Ah, well! I'm Widow Bourne now. tVe were poor in those days—my fraii little mother and I; bat my heart was stoat and my hands w illing, so we kept actual want at bay! though there vrcre times when the opportunity of supplying my mother with needed luxuries, en-.l myself with gayer attire, was temptingly presented for ray acceptance, hut the price was one 1, in all my Hurlburt pride, would not pay. 1 preferred star ratio a to shame, and so struggled on; I was proud even in my poverty. Mother and I had few relatives, &t; least that cared for us. It was as well. 1 felt a sort of contempt for the world in general. 1 know better now. But there was one distant connection in whom I felt a vague, peculiar interest, more, perhaps, because 1 knew so little of him, Bnd that little uncertain and unsatisfactory. From my childhood's day he had been the ogre of my imagination: a faucy induced by the carefully concealed conversations and mysterious hints which often passed between my father and mother, when X was not supposed to be listening. This personage was my father's uncie, Richard Huiiburt, of whom no one seemed to know much, except that he was penurious to the last degree, lived in a very eecluded way, and that the suspicion of some unnamed crime rested upon him, and exiled him from society. As I grew older and my nnderstandingwae sharpened by experience, my mother confided to m facts which threw light on many dark points, but nevertheless sharpened my curiosity and increased my desire to know more of my uncanny old relative; aut no word or sign ever came to us, and up to my : twentieth year he appeared like a myth in an Arabian story. I had occasion to remember that year. It was a hard one for those who were dependent upon their daily toil for their bread. Then came the hardest blow to my pride. John told me one evening that he could no longer support himself at his trade, and having the opportunity of a more remunerative employment, had accepted the situation of gardener and man of all work on a gentleman's estate in an adjoining county. I was indignant. An independent mechanic was very well, but a common servant—gardener, hostler, and boy in general—was too much. Tears and expostulations were in vain ; John was firm. A chance to honestly earn his living in any calling, however humble, was bitter, he maintained, than starving through mistaken notions of gentility. And so we parted. It was with the understanding that our acquaintance had better cease. The secret tears shed, and the bitterness of spirit that was mine, I do not care to remember; indeed, they were soon forgotten in a sorer trouble that was slowly coming npon me. With the falling leases and shortening days, the stern troth came home to me, though I forgot it resolutely, that my mother, the only friend that I had in the whole world now, except that mysterious great-uncle, was slowly though imperceptibly slipping awav from this life into that which is to come. Then the darkest days of all my life came on me, one after another. I would fain wipe out the recollection, for my brain was fairly wild with impious thoughts, and my heart cried oat in defiant rebellion. I shnt it all within myself, that no sigh ~ or ungtiarfied word "might betray to. her loving,; patient soul the war In my bosom. She thought my heavy eyes and sullen reveries were dne to my prolonged hoars of labor and anxiety for her comfort. Ob. me! the mntual, fond deceptions of those weary months. The end came soon enough. I saw her laid away under the melting. snowB of February, and went back to my home with a feeling of ctter indifierence as to my future ; it was buried in my mother's grave. I suut myself up, refusing, perhaps ungraciously, the well-meant oilers of sympathy from mv neighbors, to brood alone, and plan, if I could, for what might be. There was no home for me anywhere. The fourth day at noon there came a rap at the door, and the postman, a most cnuEual visitant, banded me a letter, I let it lie before me a while ere I opened it, wondering if it brought me good or cviL At last breaking the seal, and unfolding the Bheet, glancing down th» lines to see the writer's name, I started, dropped it, thought a moment, took it up again, and r< ad it resolutely through. It was worded ill a style of old-time courtesy, addressed to my mother, and offering her and her children a home, if the company of an old man, feeble and disappointed, would be no drawback to their comfort, and eigned," Kichard HurlbUTt," Here was food for meditation, and I thought until sunset, and tossed most o! the night upon a sleepless pillow debating what was best to do. Here was a home, food and fire, and the society of an aged, joyless man, as far as I knew, my only relative ; should I accept it, or go out into the world to win what refuge I could 1 This was the old man concerning whom I had heard uncertain, disconnected stories in my childhood, with whom I associated the memory -of my father's rare busts of passion, and my mothers careful avoidance of everything which might recall to him his relative; and how gently and firmly she repressed all my queries on the subject. One phrase, however, came back to my memory, uhich as a child I bad caught through a half- open door, a bitter exclamation of my father's concerning "a great wrong,"and my mother's murmured words about forgiveness ol enemies. At laEt, moved peAaps by the impulse of youth to forget present Borrow in the pursuit of the strange and mvsterious, I decided to go, and falling asleep, dreamed my mule was a second saltan Shahriar, and myself another Bcheherezade. It took me bat little time to make my preparations. What I wished to take with me was soon packed, and the rest easily disposed of, and having despatched an epistle stating my acceptance of the invitation, and also when X might be expected to arrive in person, the eighth morning after my mother's fimnml found me on my way. The journey was uneventfnl. I wrapped myself j In my veil, and paid heed to no one until the con- ! doctor called out the name ol my stopping-p and after two minutes' wrestle with bags and belongings I found myself standing alone' on b platform a few feet square, placed at the terminus ol a country road, beside the railway track, the train disappearing in the distance. Through the moist atmosphere and sickly sunlight of the February afternoon, a half-grown boy approached and announced be bad "come for Mr. Horlburt's folks." On declaring myself to be the party In question, he disappeared, and presently cams up with s light waggon, in which, cfter same effort, my goods and I were fcestowBd. and we drove off through the plodge. Conversation was not animated, for my escort could not or wsidd not answer my inquiries and after having learned there were in the family, beside my -tmde, the housekeeper and the head man, to whom he was factotum, ! was obliged to hold my peace, and plan what sources of pleasure or entertainment might be mine in such a household. . _ Only onoe, in answer to a question, did my charioteer venturea remark of li» own. On my inquiry 1 whether HrHodburt wsb a kind employer, be replied that he wss wdl «nongh, nevez scolded or found fault, and the board was very good ; btft—in «i confidential way—he had nightmare pretty bad, 2 every night sometimes, bo Mrs farnaby iiad to call Op John. Having beard of such eases, often doe to a diseased (state of the body, 1 made jsonte general remark in reply, that I had had some experience with nightmare, and did not fear it in the least. Sorelapstode pn, until ataturn in the . Sj'SF'^' stretched from one door-post to the other, and was seoured with spikes. I had but time to take this in, before the corner of the bouse was turned, and we drew up.with some flourish, at a few broad steps, while in (the open doorway stood a white-aproned, middle-Bged woman to welcome me, evidently the housekeeper, Mrs Farnaby. Something in her strong.kindly faoe drew me to her at once; she seemed like a woman to be trusted, and the tone of her voice, asBbespfcke, confirmed my opinion. < " I am glad to see you. Miss Hurlburt. Are you alone?" And then observing my black dress and bonnet, her look changed to one of tender sympathy, as she went on without waiting for my reply, " Poor child, you must be tired and chilled,so corns in as quickly as possible ; your rcont and a fire are waiting for you." After"-giving a few brief orders, she led ^the way to my apartment, where 6be left me, saying my undc would not expect to see me until teatime. I now had 6ome little opportunity, after removing my wraps, to look about me. The room was of ancient fashion, with scanty farniture to match, but everything way comfortable and convenient, and I had no reason to be dissatisfied. Approaching the window to learn something of the outlook, I was pleased to find I had been placed in an angle of the building, and my windows faced in two directions. Beneath one, a tew rods_awa$, a clump of venerable willows stretched their leaf, less branches, promising a cool retreat in the heat of the summer, and lroin them the bank sloped to the borders of the brook now lying silent in its icy bed. The other window looked out npon an ancient orchard, evidently the oldest thing about the piece, for the trees were bent and gnarled, covered with moss, with here and there a yawning cavity when a limb had looped or fallen away. . j While 1 stood gazing oat, a knock at the door: heralded Mrs Farnsby. < The view is rather a dreary one, is it not, MisS Hurlburt?" said she, coming forward; "but the summer will show a different picture, especially aB fax as tae brook and willows are concerned. The orchard lam very desirous to have removed, but Mr Hurlburt utterly refuses; shall we go down 7 Tea is waiting." 1 I followed in another direction from that by which I had reached my room, and descending a long, broad flight of stairs, passed through a hill full of shadows and echoes to a low, brown- ceiled e room, with a well-covered table in the centre, and lighted and warmed by a flickering fire. A high, straight-backed chair was before tile blase, and Mrs Farnaby had me nearly in front of it before I could see the occupant, who stared vacantly into the fire until the housekeeper broke the revery, by saying : " Here is your niece, Mr Hnrlbttrt. I saw before me a tall, thin old man, n with white hair and trembling haras, who slowly lifted to ay face a pair of eyes that did not meet my gazs, but looked'through and beyond me. It was a glance that made me feci very uncomfortable, and I hastened to speak. " I am glad to see you, Uncle Richard. Are you feeling well to-night!" There was at first no answer; the eyes sought the fire again, and the whole £gara seemed to shrink into the recesses of the great chair. Then the old man. putting out one hand to me, said slowly t " Mehitabel J" *' Yes, uncle,I said, sadly," I have my mother's name." "Grandmother's," said the slow voice; "but there ought to be three." " I am alone in the world now, uncle," I said; "my father died years ago, and my mother only last week, before your letter came, bat I know she would have been grateful for your Vjn^nppa, as I am." "No, no!" the voice was s whisper now i "only one left? There ought to be three—there ought to be three." Mrs Farnaby drew me gently away. " Four uncle is very old, and his mind wanders," she said, " I think, most of the time, be bat dimly understands what is said to him* The season affects his health, and last night his rest was much disturbed, so to-day he is ltss himself than n to-morrow, perhaps, be will be aide to talk yon" Meanwhile she had seated me aVEhe ; my cup, and stepping to what seemed to be an'bi door, rung a small bell, the tones of which echool by the eound of scraping boots, with ssntly the appearance of the tardy members of the' family—one being the boy, my charioteer of the afternoon; the other, John, my sometime lover, whom I had dismissed because he did not consider himself too good tor a gentleman's servant. I have woudered since how I managed to get through the meal. There was a calling over of names, of course, and we nodded as coolly as possible, though my face burned, and I begged leave to change my seat, and sit with my bade to the fire, as I was not accustomed to the flickering light. After tea the time passed heavily; my old uncle was assisted bark to his room by John and lbs Farnaby. end afterward Joseph solaced himself with a nap, John busied himself with some papens man* other part of the room, and the housekeeper endeavored to entertain me as best she could, until my suppressed yawns made her take pity on my weariness, and light mc again to my room. As he turned to go out, after seeing that everything was done for my comfort, she remarked : if you should waken in the night and hear any unusual noises, tliss Hurlburt, let me explain beforehand that this part of the house is alive with rats and mice, and the wind plays strange tricks round the angles or this northwest window ; there is nothing else alarming, " I laughed and bade 1 her good-nigh^, saying, {the only ghosts I feared were those of a guilty conscience ; and, fastening the door, sought my pillo». As the first heavy slumbers of weariness lightened into easier rest, strange visions, though they seemed more like waking dreams, began to haun me. It seemed as it summer had come, and John and I, happily reconciled, were walking among the willows and across the brook to the orchard be- low. „ The air was sultry, and the light slanted heavily ; through the apple- boughs, and wa turned again to the brook tor "coolness. We had been talking Of many things; our estrangement seemed to be.aU forgctten, and we were forming bright plans forth* future. Bat as we passed along through the willows, the atmosphere, which had hitherto been close an hazy, seemed to thicken and grow gray, with a dense, dark mist, and we became separated, to my alarm and terror. 1 I groped my way blindly about formy companion, but he was not to be found. Falling limhg and fragments of rock and knots of tangled graai checked my every step, bat X Struggled C3, occasionally frantically calling out for my lover, when a shadow seemed to loom through tiie mist, which I felt, with a thrill of relief, must be himl songht. Hastening forward, and calling ont hie name, the heavy air seemed to divide, and showed me, not the longed-for countenance, but, instead, that of my, lace ancle, ; with the strange, far- away look X could cot understand; and, as I gazed, the expression suddenly changed to one of mocking, malignant delight, while the lips seemed to utter my name, "Mehitabel." Then ft Low, dull echo took ap and prolonged the word, particularly dwelling on (ha last syllable,shrilling loader and louder, until to ojr, shuddering earn Hie word seemed to be,"Belli bell I" With a frantic effort to shut my eats against jQiO; demoniac 6oonds, I awoke trembling and pex^pii$Bg, and for eome minutes could not collect my senses. Had X really dreamed those horrible enct^ were they in reality echoing through ths l< , vacant passage way? There appeared to be jt 1 of moan or wail outside my door; I held my ) and listened, until it seemed as though X« snfiocite, but all was still, and endea ' compose myBelf with all the eomforting) which occurred to me, tried to woo again jtb£< god, bntin vain ; I alternately doeedwdg until the tardy daybreak. I was tip early and downstairs, but, I breakfasted alone: with the Imam .... nncle would not ilae till noon, and •tohn , assistant verefanqy ont-of-doore. Xhelped the breakfast-dishes^ and various ^ about the house, assuring ber I Wa but wished to take my share cans like one of the family. i, - Though *he*aidl«tUei .knew M SothedaypasMdj my nncle *raa wandering to ^comprehend madbul «omfocCiUeol>amti>i*<tel*Bn , sawJohn-at dinner an& sapper, toot j The attics were a storehouse of all sorts of an tig ue relics in various stages of decay. There was an old fasrpischord which bore about it' faint traces of former beauty, hut the strings had all been divided, as it by a blow from some sharp, heavy instrument,, and it stood on its trembling legs, a pitiful thing. Several old portraits were tucked away in the gable corners, but were so cracked and mildewed as to be beyond my recognition. At last I found what was of more interest to me, a box of books, in tarnished covers, mostly of that sohool of literature in fashion in the iaflt century. However, 1 picked out what suited me best, and carried the volumes to my room. Btlow the attics, in the story where my own room was Bitnated, I became rather bewildered at first, with the many passages, doors opening in all directions, and the numerous rooms. The original house appeared to have been a small, square oue, but various wings and additions bad-been made, and several staircases, so that once or twice during the first week after my arrival I .had missed my way, found myself in the cheese room instead of the kitchen, and once opened a dark, unused chamber, smelling of mould and damp. Mine seemed to be the only inhabitable room in the second story of that wing. The door next mine Was locked, and the key was gone, the second nailed up, and another door, which I opened with difficulty, showed me a yawning abyss of darkness into which I had very nearly stepped. I inquired of lbs Farnaby what the meaning was of so unsafe an arrangement. " There was formerly a staircase there," she said. It was gone before 1 came here. At the foot is a door which leads to the willow oopse and the brook. We can also get to the orchard that way. There is a little passage-way leading to it from the kitchen, and in the warm weather, when doors are open thj-oarh, yon will see then how it is laid out." This was satisfaction enough, so I investigated no more, but devoted my attention to my uncle, who seemed to revive with the premonition of renewed life in nature. He inquired of me about myself, my parents, my home-life, seemingly dtsirious to learn every little particular. At other times he wished me to read to him the daily journals! all reports regarding money and stocks, the pries of merchandise, the foreign markets, everything comprised in the meagre bulletins of the day ; and when weary of these he bad a Bmall volume of Rochefoucauld,, which saemed always new, several, also, of Voltaire and Bonssean. The clasrfW literature was very distasteful to me, and I would have much preferred Shakespeare or the Bible; bat at the first hint of such a thing I received so stern and abrupt an injunction to silence tbat I obeyed. All this time John and I bad conducted ourselves With the utmost indifference and coldness. Sometimes I scarcely troubled myself to Bpeak, though my conscience reproached me with the thought x, a mere dependent on the liberality ol another, was not so worthy as one who earned his bread by honorable service, but my prine was stubborn and would not yield. One day I had been through the old bam looking for eggs. I bad taken this office upon myself partly for pleasure, partly to favor Mrs Farnaby, who did not always care to trust to Joseph's Jnemory. I bad been through the scaffolds, and having filled my basket, prepared to descend the short ladder which led to the floor. Whsn within three rungs of the bottom, my foot unaccountably jglipped or turned, and I tell in aheap to the ground, my basket fortunately uppermost. ' A. sense of blindness and suffocation with sharp pain overpowered me, and I knew no more until dash of cold water in my face restored me to a knowledge of pain in every limb, and that some one held me in his arms, throwing water upon me. % feebly endeavored to sit np, and draw myself away, but increase of pain and faintness compelled me to desist. * I beg your pardon for vexing you by being too iffictons," said a voice I knew too well, " but you 1 just as I was about to go through the and in common humanity I could not leave on without trying to give yoo e≠ assistance. If m feel better I will go now." X again attempted to rise, but in vain ; the diszisiretamed, and I was fain to submit myself to supporting aims that held me so gently and akte with John's assistance to walk slowly rough the bam in an effort to reach the house, hoc been silence between ns; but thonght on lypart had been busy, ani pride and pain were "blotted'out in the old deUgbt of companionship, and ,the pleasant, familiar voice and tone I had been so lonsaiBtrmngerto. . . . . . When we reached the porch, John slopped as though he would leave meto go in alone. " I willcall Mrs Farnaby to you," he said. "She is over yonder. And in future are all things to go on as they have done, or shall we mutually forgive and forget and be friends again ?" Twenty-four hours before I should have turned and left him, but now 1 sank down on the bench which ran along one side of the doorway, and very foolishly began to cry. •< p ^ child," be said, *• you have been Badly tried the last year. I should have remembered it, and borne with you more patiently. But let all be forgotten now; we are friends again, are we not?" be asked tenderly. Unable to answer, I nodded silently, and 1 heard him going for the housekeeper. Presently that good woman appeared, full ol sympathy and remedies tor sprains and bruises, and, after some amateur medical prescriptions, banished me to my chamber and to bed. X lay awake for some time, thinking too busily for sleep to come, but finally at dusk I lost myself and must have slept long and soundly,foT when I opened my eyes I saw through the window the cars above the dense mass of foliage, but consciousness had come so suddenly tbat I had hardly time to be aware of anything except a sharp, shrill cry, as of something in distress, that came echoing along the empty passages. t My heart almost ceased to beat. There xnas something so weird and piercing in the tone, that one of the hardiest nerve might have paused. It seemed to me, as I lay waiting breathlessly for a repetition of the cry, that somewhere, sometime in my life, I bad heard it before. And then in a flash of light, my first night's dream came back to me, and with it the memory of Joseph's communication concerning my uncle's nightmare. Believed by the thought, I was about to rise, judging that possibly I might be of use, when a tap d came at the door. It was Mrs Farnaby. «I did not know if von were awake," she said, "but thinking you might be, came to ask you not to be alarmed at any sound yon may hear during the night. Your ancle has been taken violently i II, and I have sent for the physician. He is now somewhat relieved; but he has been ailing all day, And X thought it would be best to call in medical advice." . . . .„ , . *'Ib my unele subject to these attacks 7 I ini^te yeare, yes," she answered. " And I would have mentioned it to yon yesterday, but for your own mishap. But now, good-night, and try to Sleep again." She placed a lighted lamp on my table, and went a w a y . But now, being thoroughly awake, I could So nothing but lie fiere and form all sorts of curious fancies concerning the strange old house of which I was an inmate, and concerning its aged Owner, whose dreams disturbed by some horrible shape; and X thonght out a whole long catechism for the housekeeper, when she should make jthe promised explanation the following morrow, > X resolved to find oat why the rooms were fastened; the history of the mutilated harpsichord in the attic; whose the old portraits were ; andwbnt was the name *4?ich bad been so carefully erased from the covers and fly-leaves of the old boobs I bad brought from the same plane ; and, if X flsiea. should ehe prove communicative on these totals, I would ask the meaning of the bar across the front door, and wbythe whole front entrance ma dosed. ' While deciding these things, inspite of the lighted and my resolution, I fell asleep again, and did «ot waken «nril broad <laylight. * I arose, dressed and went downstairs, but was disappointed in my hopes raised the night before, Ik though the housekeeper was kindly social as ftwA. 1 found tt impossible to learn, with all my questions, more tfcan^bxtTitter any event Siaiteee or excitement, or a sudden shock, my "'-»- was subject to fits of nervous fright and „• when he imagined he aaw the forms of memof hisiamQy, who menaced him with corses ' gtions: These fits left him very weak, days and sometimes months recovering f H r resin such* state at ite time of my salmi; ^ccoanted for my strange .reception. 8Sie jt the illness then eug&t; bave been brought tbheffort bf writing to my mother ; but what jcause othis KtntteoE the night before she iseally aw what be described ahe 1 j twm jyeam <to£l and ' " I was foiled again, and my curiosity became stronger than ever. Was 1 never to learn the history of this Hurlburt skeleton, that lurked behind closed and barred doors and windows, gibbered by ni^ht from my uncls's room, aud lay concealed behind the mouldy portraits in the attic J However, all I could do was to abide my time, and I was able to do this with more patience, now that John and I were friends again. Then, too, I could be more in the open air, and I found th willow-copse to be a most delightful nook, where I spent many hours, sewing, reading or dreaming, as the case might be. Frequently. toward sunset, when the many little matters needing attention about the house r.cd bam bad been attended to, John and I, sitting by the side of the little rivulet, or skirting the orcharu, talked of a time in the distant future when, in a little home of our own, bound by co duties but those of mutual nfloction, wc would strive onward in life together. I had long before told Urs Farnaby of the relations between cs. She h&d; made but brief reply in her kindly way, advising me to let my uncle know as little as possible, either by word or detii ; for it might he, that, in his feeble, childish state, that such an arrangement might be displeasing and irritating. Consequently we were very circumspect; words rarely passed between us within doors, and, when we met or separated, we endeavored to bave it out of sight of the living rooms of the house. Vet sometimes I felt almost ccrtain that my uncle bad a suspicion of the truth ; for, although he t-aid nothing;, I found that he watchcd us keenly at times. The books I bad brought from the attic became a source of great entertainment to me. Queer, tedious, yet delightful old novels, (tenemental poems, and volumes of biography, quaint and egotistical. I enjoyed taking them lo some retired nook out of doors, and there poring over them at. my leisure. 1 was in my usual seat on the roots of one of the willow? at the broak-sidc on a sultry afternoon in the dog days. The little stream, dwindled to onehalf its usual flow, its surface ppscked here and there by willow leaves, gur<r3cd lazily among the stones, and I couid hear the haymakers in the south meadow calling to one another oh tbey loaded up the hay. My hook tbat afternoon was a compilation of legends aud myths, mostly Norte and German tales. And, in spite of the glittering sunlight and the blithe sounds in the air, I fell an uncanny sensation stealing over me, and instead of reading I fell to gaaing into the water and studying the cover of tLe book I had suffered to fall into my lap. It had been once ornamented with gildinp, buc now was so chaD£cd aud tarnished by time, damn, and evident ill usage, that it would have been hard to tell what its original color or design bad been. A name had apparently been stamped sciws the cover, but it was 60 biurreu and erased that it was with difficulty that I could make oat what eeecied to be the initial letter M. I sat looking at it until tbc dim scrawls Mended together in nn indistinguishable mass, which su i- denlv seemed to take life, and rising under my hands, make 3 rapid spring into the t>r jok, n-here lay with the water rippling o?er His covert-. Housed by the splash, and the sensation, that 1 was not alone. I became aware of a trembling, daw-like hand withdrawing over my shoulder. Springing up, and turning to see who m„v unusual visitor might bs, I saw to my surprise and alarm that it was my uncle, lookicg as usual above aud beyond me, his withered frame trembling with strange emotion, bis lips mattering soundless words. Bewildered, frightened, and a little indignant, I did not speak at first, and, so care him opportunity to collect his feeble faculties and demand harshly what I was doing there. Heading and enjoying the day, uncle," I answered. A bitter smile played over the wrinkled old face. " What have you to do with enjoyment J Fating the bread of dependence, filling the place of another of your faithless sex, working rain to my house 1" he exclaimed, in an angry excited manner. 1 do not know what you mean by faithlessness and ruin, uncle," I answered; "and by your own invitation I have broken bread at yonr table the past months. .ButT will go to-morrow. Sly father and mother never asked or Received help from you, and I do not wish it for myself. I am quite able to earn my own living." Something in my tone or words had the same effect I had noticed the first night of my arrival. A sort of shrinking and cowering—a puUitg out a trembling baud, as if to ward tiff some uuseen shape—aid turning, he grasped his etiuk and hastenc'] toward the house as rapidly aa his tottering limbs would permit, mattering to himself as before. I followed at a distance, greatly wondering what would be the explanation of aii tin?. He crept slowly along toward the bouse, but not to the hack porch aa I expected. He seemed 10 be followiug something like a footpath through the grass to that part of the bouse in which my room was situated. Reaching it, he climbed tbc decaying steps leading to the door which 1 had often observed end judged 10 be the one connected with the unused passage of which Mrs Farnaby had told in?, and, after fumbling a moment with the rusty latch, the door opened. He entered and closed it behind bim. 1 went to the housekeeper's room, fully determined to know the meaning of what had occurred, »nd let no feelings of delicacy stand in the way of an explanation. She was in lier usual sanctum on the same floor and not far removed from my uncle's room, the door of which I could see was closed. She listened to my story without a word, looking calmly out of the window until I had finished. Onlv once her look changed. When I mentioned the episode of the book her eyes looked into mine with a single keen glance, bat were in an instant withdrawn. At the conclusion she still answered nothing. ••Mrs Farnaby," I exclaimed, somewhat impatiently, " I have lived here uuder my unclt's roof six months, but it will be impossible tor lac to remain here any longer unless some part of this in- , tolerable mystery is cleared up. It haunts me at every tnrn ; in my room, in the orchard, nndci the willows, by day and night. I feel es if I must bear voices, or see unlawful visions. Why is my uncle as he is I What is tbe meaning of these closed, unoccupied rooms? Whose was the harpiscbord I found in the attic, and the books, the sigbl of which puts my uncle into such a passion J "' Hush 1" she said, rising aud closing the door as if we might be overheard. " There are things in this house that I cannot explain. They happened before my time, and I know them only as I have been told. More than half a century ago, a youn<; girl, a distant relative of your nncle, came l erf for a home, as you have done. After a time she went away, and that was tbe last known of her. But it was said yonr uncle loved her, and was rejected for someone else. The harpiscbord and the books were hers, and her room was in the wing near your*. The staircase there was oiled hers. Since that time your uncle has been what you see. The house was closed when she left it, and when I came here, 35 yeais ago, it was a<* it is now. Why seek to inquire into these things so long patt ? Believe me, child, I have lived long enough in this wcrla to let the dead past burv its dead. I can see tbat your uncle fails daily. This of which you bave told me will weaken bins greatly, and perhaps bring on an attack of illness. Bear with his unaccountable freaks. He is old and childish, and you are his only near relative and will probably be bis heiress." «I do not want bis money if it has been gained by fraud, or was the fruit of some crime which haunts bim so fearfully in his old age," I replied quickly. She gave me another keen glance. " You could not judge from experience of such a crime," she said, "Did your father and mother ever speak of your uncle i" »• Kever willingly," I answered. " There seemed to be some reason why they reckoned him anything but She a friend." was silent for a moment , or two, then rose •^sirerylhing that if right for yoo to know yo wilt team soon enough," she said. "Sometimes ignorance is happineu, and tt is best for us that the grave should cover the mistakes and wrangles of oarfriende and kin before our knowledge of them weakens onf affection. Try and forget what has happened this atternoon. It will hardly occur Again. And let me advise yon to put back tbe old books in tie attic where you foand them. Ton t ay take from my shelves whenever you wish reading matter." ^ I thanked her, and we left the room together, she to prepare for tea, and X trt go to my own room to follow her suggestion regarding the books. Put when I entered it, after potting in order some tnflss lying about, and turned to the stand in the corner to gather np tbe volumes, they were gone, "o^neremained. ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ! orchard, nqpdid 'and-Mm" .my urn "irtfer 