I SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. all rig uts reserved. " I No. 12. MATHILDE KARLITZ : | A Talk of Modern Egypt. by CAl'T. ANDREW HAGGARD, D.S.O. I was for years so closely associated with Charles Dunraven that I can re late everything that happened to him almost exactly as if it happened to myself. Those who see in him now a grave, stern, grey, almost middle-aged looking man, can form no idea what a livelv merry, devil-may-care fellow he W(1S in 1SS6. He had joined the Egyptian Gendarmerie a year or two I previous, and was an excellent officer in I everv way. After having distinguished himself III an aff.ir with brigands in some caves in the mummy-filled hills of Beni Hassan, he was granted leave for a while to come down the Nile to Cairo and recover from a sword cut he hud got iu the scrimmage. But as his wound was very so in quite well, he did not have Co bother much about that, : but set to work to enjoy himself as much as possible. Among other things, he was very fond of riding, and very soon i bonriit a couple of capital polo ponies aB(j a dog-cart horse, all of which he stabled in a curious little lane, between Shepbeard's Hotel, where he stayed, and tbe bridn which goes across the canal leiding to the Sbootra Avenue and the 'Mebaitab,' or railway station. They were comfortable stables, which he had bad before, hut he had always imagined tbe low houses ou the other side of the very uarr >w lane to be uninhabited, or only used as store houses. One evening, however, he was undeceived. He was watching Said, one of his Egyptian syces, or grooms, rubbing down a pony after returning from polo, when a little furry-haired doz ran out at him and began barking furiously. To his surprise a door opened wide within ten feet of wbere he stood, disclosing a little ' patio, or courtyard, in which were some palms, and in the doorway stood a young lady, wbo began calling 'Brook", Brooko, Brooko,' in a vain attempt to call the dog off. This young lady was attired in a very negligd attire ; in fact, at the first glance it almost seemed to Dan- raven as if she had just risen from her bed, for she was in a loose wrapper, which might have been either a bed or a dressing gown, and her hair, which was black with a reddish tinge, bnng in luxuriant tresses down her back. Dunraven took her for a young Syrian lady, which, indeed, she much resembled, but as tbe dog still went on barking, her cries of ' Brooko, Brooko,' showed so plainly the state of distress to which she was reduced by its misdemeanour, that Dunraven advanced towards her, only a pace or two indeed separating them from the first. ' Mademoiselle,' said he politely, addressing ber in French and smiling, ' pray do not worry about your little dog with the strange name of 1 Brooko.' I assure yon his barking does nn h arm.' And, after a pause, he con tinued, reassured by her pleasant smile. '1 hope he and I will be better friends before long. But,' added he, gallantly, 'I hid no idea that I had such a charm- ins neighbour so near my stables, or I assure you, mademoiselle, that I should haw ordered my syces not to leave snch a quantity of water s'andiug, as they invariably do, here before your door in the roadway. 'I know you better than you know me then,' answered the yonqg lady smiling, and speaking French with an Italiau accent ; and when she smiled he was ii iw beautiful she was, and noticed, moreover, for the first time the lovely figure which her ' gallibiyed,' or loose Egyptian dressing-gown, nuly served to accentuate. ' I have known yoa for a year,' she continued naively, ' and felt indeed sidly lonely when ynu last went away up the Nile, for I used to watch yoo every evening through the partly open door, and, when at length yon left, 1 used always to feed with sngar the lame horse you left behind, until he was sold, and then, indeed, I did feel rather lonely, I must own, for I had no one to talk to and my occupation was gone.' Aod as she now smiled at him again wi'h her great dusky lustrous eyes. Dunraven felt inclined to curse his stupidity that he had never before fonnd out this voluptuous, beautiful girl's proximity. ' Ah ! mademoiselle,' he said, ' would that I had known a year ago that I had such a charming neighbour ; but now that I have found it out you will let. me come and thank you some time or other for your kindness to my lame horse, will you not 1' This was a lame enough excuse for continuing the acquaintance certainly, hut any peg serves to hang a hat on, aud when two people are both young, passionate, and good-looking, a lame horse that has been fed with sugar, a pool of water in a roadway, or a little dog tbat barks, are one aod all good enough excuses fur the purpose. Any how tbe acquaintance was begun. Bat before they separated tbe lovely girl. said laughingly. ' Yes, you may come and see me sometime when 1 am more appro priately dressed to receive yon than I am now, but you must not call, me mademoiselle though, but madatne, for I am a widow. A widow ! that, yonng ardent-lookinu girl a widow ! bat so it was, Mathilda Karlitz was, although only eighteen years old, the widow of a half- Austriau half -Italian, from Trieste, and the charming little house in which she lived, with no other companion bnt an old and withered looking Italian ser vant, was her own property. To cat & 1 long story short CharlesiDanraven and tbe lovely yonng girl soon fell pas- sionately in love with each other, and as both were independent and they had no one to consult but their own in clinations, tbe inevitable result was a liaison between them. Charles became so attached to the lovely widow '. that we soon missed him daily from his old haunts, the Turf Club and the much frequented afternoon lounge on the verandah of Shepbeard's Hotel, and indeed, soon we missed him from the hotel altogether, for he . had ' cleared out, bag and -baggage : and with the exception of ...myself- nobody knew where he had gone to live, and" thus tbe time passed until his leave was getting on towards a "W. thinking of soon returning apjJhe , Nile to Assouan. : Oaeay, wlien jDimraven / aa In .-r. irr-rjwjIfi-vflilUaiRb days gone by, fco laugh aud chatter a bit ou .thei veraud jb at Shepbeard's as he was Tidiog-hofDe'trom tbe polo ground at Gezireb. I had not seen him for some rime, so I 'phaffin aekjd- him if he was happy. r flappy hp. 1 Old man, rain jusllTvlbg in ah eaven of perpetual bine, with nejver a cloud nu the horizon Except .' my approaching de parture up the Nile, which, however, I will not allow myself t > think of.' ' Oh, that's all right,' said I, Somewhat brutally ; ' then I suppose the rival hasn't tamed op yet.' Rival 1' said Charles, scornfully, 'Rival, with my heavenly little Mathilde ! ; Why, man, the tbing3 impossible. To ; begin with; she never speaks to a man ; except myself and an old uncle, who , treats me most paternally ; and, to go on j with — well, she would uever look at the i fellow, even if he were there.' j ' if you were there, I expect you I mean, old chap ; b"Ut if you were away, as you will be soon, wbo knows ! Wo men ere very .fickle creatures, yon know, and even lovely Italian girls may be glad of variety, like other people.' 'Ob, shot np, old fellow, and don't talk rot !' said Dnnraven testily, aud he called to his syce to bring his pony across the way from where it was standing nnder the arches opposite, the.n he mounted hastily and clattered off up tbe 6traet. That very evening, when he-got to the little house in the lane, he bad an uu- pleasant surprise. He found a very j handsome but- dark-and repellaut- look- | ing Italian gentleman sitting with j Mathilde, drinking Arabic coffee in the j patio, or couityard. He was introduced j to him as her cousin, Sigoor Lorenzo di 1 Cariotti. They hated each other from the very first, for this event coming so soon after his conversation with me. Charles Dunraven scented a rival the second he saw the man ; and the cousin hated bim also, for he conld but see that he was the man in possession, and he had — so we heard later — been ail adorer of Mathilda Karlitz' s for several years. This Sigoor Cariotti. had just come down the Nile from Aseiout, which i, as everyone knows, the terminus of tbe Nile railroad which rnnseoutli from the Banlak Dakroor Station, and which is the most important city in Upper Egypt. It is an odd thing, however, to chronicle here, but there are along the course of the Nile no less than three different lines at various points, all utterly disconnected with one another, as many a British soldier learnt to his cost daring the recent Nile expedition. For to have to load and unload baggage and stores about six times over was the unpleasant result of this state of things, which caused mauy adeep-toned curse on the part of ' Tommy Atkins.' One of these railroads, that which skirts the first cataract at Assouan, is only seven miles in length, and goes from the landing stage at North End to Shellal, which is over against theisland of Philse, so celebrated for its ruins. But, ap parently, the French soldiers of days gone by had more time to slop and examine those ruins than had our own troops, for there names may be seen, accompanied with dateB of thebeginniog of the century, scribbled abont on every stone of interest tbat is within reach upon the magnificent pylons. Another Nile railroad begins at W ady Haifa, just below the Second Cataract, and cxtenda for eighty-seven miles through the most awful barren country tbe heart of man can conceive, its termination being at Akasheb. There now, alas ! the festive Dervish roams unheeded, and the ehriek of the steam- horse is no longer heard. But, 'revenons & nos moutons.' Danraven sat and glared at Signor de Cirlotti, while the handsome Lorenzo glowered in tarn at Dnnraven, until politness, accompanied by various hints from Mathilde as to the lateness of the hoar, compelled the Italian to take his departare. This he did not do, how ever, without a parting sarcasm at his rival. ' It appears, my fair cousin.' said he, sc irnfully, ' that the lateness of the hoar does not apply to English officers of the Egyptain Gendarmerie ! but I suppose . that . is. because their police duties make their presence neces sary to protect the honour of oar ladies !' Danraven sprang forward with tbe intention of. striking the insulting Italian, but Mathilde laid a restraining hand npon his shonlder, and made bim enrb bis fiery temper. Herself she answered her cousin. With flashing have learned no better manners up at Assiont than to come here and insult me and my guests, all I can say isi the sooner yoa return to Assiout the better. At any rate, you need not darken my doors -again' With a curse, Cariotti turned, and muttering something : be tween his teeth, left the house. After he had left, Mathilde, spring ing to her lover's arms, commenced to. weep passionately. 'Oh !' said she, ' corse tbe mischance that brought Lorenzo .to my house . while you. were here. ' For be will kirf yon ! he will certainly kill you.! I know his wicked heart — I koow his cruel bloodthirsty nature. If oiily to be revenged on me, whom he has persecuted with his atten- 1 tions for so long, he will murder you to break mybeart. And I, what shall I do! Oh! Carlo, mio caro Carlo, what- shall I do f And the beautiful girl broke, down in a regular torrent of tears ; she seemed quite beside herself with grief.;' ' Nonsense, mia carissima, Mathilde,' replied Dnnraven soothingly. Have nothing i to fear from; that beggarly Italian. How can be hart ' me ! I am ijnqre than a -match for him.'-For in all toe pride of. being gn Englishman, he forgot-tbat bis love was 'herself am Italian girl, as he proudly drew himself np and clenched a hand, . in . which, in imagination, he already gripped ins rival by the throat. Biit Mathilde, still weep-! ing; never noticed toe slight to herself as she replied. ' Ob, it is not that yon are not a match Cut 'him, Add more than ' a match for him; if only you had his open antagonism to dread';, bnt you will have treachery to contend againBt— the poisoned cap or toe assassin's dagger, that Is what yon will have to fear !' Charles Danraven continued to try and -soothe her fears, but it. must _be con-, fessed that' tbe result of her. words was, in a degree, to' make him feel -somewhat imtowy>in himself, Although nbe care fully eonceafod this - ' malaise 'fro ' W 1%; w? be a strong ana a - brave man, bnt . who can fee! aite ctUforttole iwhea be has fa'eto watoedhkker 'hd: touch a cup of coffee without carefully SDifiSng at it first to see if it smells poisoned, and never go round a street corner without carefully glancing backwards over your , shoulder to see if a dagger's point is not in dangerons proximity to the Bmall of yonr back. And this is the sort of life Charles led for about a week, for \- Mathilde constantly and anxiously renewed her warnings to him to be ever . on the look ont for treachery of some \- kind. Bnt nothing happened, and at ' tbe end of a week matters improved. The old uncle, who was Mathilde's almost sole visitor, and wbo seemed to look upon Danraven almost as a son, came in one morning with the joyfnl intelligence tbat Lorenzo di Cariotti had departed once more to his avocations up tbe Nile at Assiont. And thus an incubus — winch had been certainly irkBome to Charles himself and a matter of terrible anxiety to Mathilde, was removed. And once more the pure oval I' of the voluptuous little Italian, face was constantly suffused with bright and happy smiles ; and once again those j grand soft Instrons eyes contained ' nothing but the merry micbievons ; laughter of one wbo is almost always l happy and never tired of teasing her I lover. For Mathilde's style of beauty j was eminently a joyous one ; and daring ! the few visits I was privileged to pay | ber and drink a little cap of Eygptian ! coffee in her company, I was always ; struck by tbe constant but somewhat mocking smile — the smile of a regular tease — that for ever bang about her delicious little mouth. But, by tbe bye, what a habit that same coffee drinking becomes in Cairo, Coffee drinking and eiaran>ttfl xmnlrinp. in season and ont of season, is indeed the rale in Egypt. Whether it is the Khedive you go to see in his palace, or the shopkeeper in the Kban-Kha ili Bazaar, if yon pass from department to department through out all the Government offices, or if yon visit yonr most intimate friend — man or womau — in the quietness of a secluded home, everywhere alike are the tiny little ' fingans ' or coffee cups instantly produced, the fragrant Arabic coffee poured out, and toe cigarettes offered at the Bame time. But this habit of perpetual coffee drinking never seems to do any one any harm. Everyone, native or European does it from five a.m. till midnight or later, andno one is the worse for the custom. At length came the time for Duu- raven to be off again up the Nile to his distant post at Assouan, which is five or six days' journey by steamer further south than Assiont, on the borders of Nubia, and chiefly inhabited by Nubians, or Berberenes, and not by Egyptians proper. Picturesquely enough situated among its palm trees, it is, nevertheless, a thoroughly dreary and unhealthy spot, where alas ! many a British soldier is laid in his last resting plane, and itis, moreover, a town which at the lime of my story, if we except tbe buildiugs built by the Egyptian Government for its officiate, scarcely possessed a house fit far a European to live in. As Dan raven was to be in charge of the Gendar- morie at Assouan, he would himself be provided with a more or less uncomfor table official residence, bat he came to me one day in a great state of distress abont Mathilde Karlitz, who was begging bim to allow her to accompany him. Of coarse, he had asmred her that this was an impossibility in every way, but equally, of course, poor Mathilde insisted like Rutb, that where becould go shecould go also; for what woinan,especially a wo man in love, and devotedly so, was ever yet known to listen to reason ! But it was not so much from any selfish motive that Mathilde desired to accompany bim, as much as from fear of his safety. She had, she said, had all kinds of dis tressing dreams of possible danger, tbat menaced him, especially with reference to Loreoz ) her cousin, and she had also dreamt that she it was, and ehe alone, who would he able to avert the danger, and she believed in dreams. Therefore, la spite of Dunravea's constant tefusals to listen to her prayer to allow her to accompany bim, she still begged him to let her go to Assouan with him, if only to return at once after his arrival. She urged strongly that, if be was afraid of her compromising him iu his official position, she would go disguised as an Arab woman. Veiled in toe Egyptian fashion she would. pasB for one of bis own syce's wives ; she would live too, like an Arab, and as she spoke Arabic identicallv like a native, no one oa earth would ever suspect her identity. But still she urged in vain, for in ad dition to all the disadvantages of her going up to Assouan At 'fill,- 'Dunraven, who really loved her devotly, was terrified on account of her health, there being .just -then:: 3s raging epidemic of typhoid fever at several places along the banks, and "the telegraph reporting quantities of deaths as daily occurring at-Asgouan. I never saw a woman so devotedly and passionately in. love in my life. It. was 'most touching." To my surprise she even came to me one day in my rooms at Shepheard's Hotel to beg me to try to move her lover. It was almost impossible to believe that the beautiful young lady who came to me dressed in the very smartest and latest - Parisian style, with the most coquettish of creations in the shape of a tnlle bonnet, was really most anxious to disguise herself in the hideous dress of an Bgyylisin woman, and ail for the. sake of love. But so it was. one threw herself at my feet, she clasped iny knees, ehe kissed my hands when the hot tears rained down upon them until, quite ' gained over, I felt for the moment that; Dunraven was a positive brute not to let Mathilde accompany him, and I'weakly vowed that I would persuade .him to do so. Impulsively tne lovely creature epraog to- nw ira, threw hter arms around my neck, and "kissed jns on toe lips. It was the most innocent action in the world under the circiimstances, and I shall cherish toe memory of that kiss to my' dying day. I don't know, what toe npshot of it all would .have / been, but - circumstances eventually made it' impossible for Charles to take her. He was suddenly ordered off tbe next day after onr inter-; view, and inkbesd of going hp toe Nile by train to Assiout, brdered to jgo np -with some officers and soldiers in a steamer - that < was starting from toe"' Kasrel-NU ' Bridge that Veiy' even-, fog. He" scarcely toad . time to eay good-bye to Mathilda urn emfiark, and none, to make., .any. definlte. iarrange-, menta i wito her. I drove her back ' " in an arabiyeh ' from toe steam, when 8he was very pale and deter mined- looking, and her eyeB, which glittered brightly, were qnite tearless. Indeed she bad, to my great surprise, parted from Dunraven with the greatest composure, a composure which, 1 think, mast have "alarmed bim, so different was it to her usual passionate impulsiveness. It certainly astonished me. I left her at her own house, and then with great regretsaid farewell, for I had to go down to Alexandria on doty next day. And tbat was the last time I saw her. I most now pass over the incidents of Don- raven's voyage np the Nile to Assiont, where he changed into one of Cook's Nile steamers going farther south, and I will indeed cariy him right od, four days' journey or so farther sou h, to Luxor, so celebrated for its own magni ficent ruins, and for the stupendous ruins of Karoah, about a mile away, these latter, indeed, being tbe most wonderful remainB of antiquity that the whole world possesses. The steamer had been crowded with people of ail classes and nationalities, and Charles Danraven hailed with re lief the idea of getting ashore and- away from the motley crew for a night, as he had secured rooms, by wire in advance, at the excellent Luxor Hotel. A great many other passengers also disembarked at Luxor, and as they were all going over the side together, Dnnraven re marked audibly to an acquaintance, ' I shall stroll Jap -to Karnah .after dinner to-night and look at the temples by moonlight. Do you care to come ! ' Not I, faitb,' replied the other ; the ruins have a very bad reputation after dark. xney eay sney are nauuteu, noi, ouiy uj the ghosts of dead and gone Egyptians, but also by brigands.' ' Oh !' laughed Charles, ' is that all ! Well, thank goodness, I am not in the least afraid of spooks, and 'as for brigands, those gentry are not very brave about here, and after the lesson we gave them recently at Beni Hassan, my one Gend armerie coat and my ' tar brash,' or fez, would scare away a whole army of them, so I shall go alone. I am rather fond of solitude in ruins.' According, there fore, to his determination, that nleht Charles started alone fur the ruins. He knew the way well, and his Egyptian uniform, of a Gendarmerie Bey, deterred any of the usual Arab loafers about toe hotel from molesting and pestering him with offers of their company, especially as he bad a small detached gendarmerie post in the place itself, the commander of which," a sergant-major, had reported himself immediately on bis arrival. Dunraven bad simply told the ' bash- sbawesh,' or sergeant-major, to carry out his usual patrols and to leave business till the morrow moro, and bad then started. He wore his sword iu a brown leather Sim-Browne' belt, but had no other weapon. Slowly sauntering along in the glittering moonlight of that lovely night, he had gained the celebrated avenue of sphiDXee almost before he was aware he had started. His tbonghts were far away down the Nile with his dear Mathilde, and through toe thin wreaths of his cigarette smoke he almost imagined he saw her sweet image float ing above him, as it were, io a halo floating on a background of cerulean blue. Suddenly, just as he reached, the last sphinx of all, that which was just on the edge of the sombre shadows cast by the weird columns of the mighty temple info which he was about to plunge, be was disagreeably aroused from his reverie. From where she was sitting ou the sandy ground, leaning against this sphinx and apparently doziog, an Arab beggar woman jumped up and accosted him. She wore as her sole garment nothing but a loose dark blue gallibizeh, or blouse, the usual garment of the fellaheen woman. Her face was veiled with the usnal black veil and gold nose-piece worn by the lower orders, and her feet and arms, which were bare, shone with the greater con trast in the moonlight on account of the sombre hues of her attire. Dun raven started surprised, but the words, ' Amal marouf ya Saadat el Bey iddini wahed gharsh' ('Pray his excellency tbe Bey to give me one piastre,', )uttered in the nsnal whining tone beggars everywhere adopt, showed him at once what he had to deal with. - Feeling annoyed at being aroused from bis pleasant thoughts; he was going to pass on heedless of her, when she, springing forward and clasping him by the arm, recommenced volubly and- loudly, 'For the love of God, give me a piastre — for toe love of the Prophet, Bey, give me one piastre — only one piastre.' And then to his infinite surprise, he heard interspersed, ' sotta-voce,' between the harsh Arabic gutturals, the words of love whispered in softest Italian,' ' It is, I, Carlo mio, thy Mathilde, Carlo mio. To ti amo, but go not within the ruins to-night, for God's sake.' Then, continuing in Arabic again loudly, she recommenced begging, ' ' Give me a piastre, Bey, only one piastre.' Then once more another whisper in Italian, Loosen swiftly thy Bword in Its sheath, Carlo mio. I followed thee in the steamboat from Assiou', and have overheard a. plot to slay thee. Get ready, therefore 1 Only one piastre, for the forgiveness of the holy Prophet Mabomed ; one piastre to tbe poor fellah woman.' Io Italian again— 'There are three of them, Loreoz i and two Arabs. They are armed with Viu'liufl ti. A Hiftjitrp. Bey, one .piaetre. By. Hassan and Hossein, give me a piastre. Do -not mind tne, Carlo, I am safe. They foink I. am only an Arab beggar girl trying to decoy, you into the temple, and tbey have offered me money to do bo, but go thou not in, keep rather thy back to tost wide column.' And she continned in softer Arabic. ' A piastre, Bey, only a piastre, and then Miriam, surnamed the beautiful, Will guide.thee ronud the temples in the sweet moon light, and, who knows, perhapv as there is no one there, but she may even show unto thee her foes in some of the inner recesses. Yes, Bey, the . face of "Miriam el quiesa. Miriam the lovely ! Think of it, Bey f Whispering again, ' Pot not toy hand in toy pocket, Carlo, for even an instant, for they are witch ing thee. Bere»dy.' - And so it went on ; thefaithftil, devoted girl, wanting her lover while pretending all the time- toa®ct:<aa63B ,decy-:--uie''y a loud rough --voice was heard, ex- ; cfoltafog lmpatiaotiy. 'Bus yijbint, imshT 'watia 1' ' Enough, girl ! _ Get tfrff frkind toera 1' ' ' And Lorenzo fli Cariotti emerged from behind a pillar, while truculent-looking Arabs rnshed straight upon Dnn-orfiu with drawn swords. With a scream Mathilde sprang aside, but purposely she fell, aud fell in front of the leading one of the Arabs, in such a way that he in turn tripped over her aod fell headlong almost at Charles feet wbere he stood with his back - to the column. They were, he saw, three to one. It was no time, therefore to think of chivalry to a fallen foe. His good sword, a splendid weapon by Wilkerson, flashed brightly in the moonlight, and as the Arab strove to rise be clove bim through bis turban to the chin, and then iustantly tnrned to engage bis second foe, a stalwart and sturdy negro, who bandied his sword both bravely and in a skilful manner. Meanwhile, Mathilda bad herself crept away behind Lorenze, who bad a nickle- pteted revolver in his hand, and who stood, with a sardonic grin, watching the fight between the well matched pur, while listening with pleasure to the clasping steel. He thought tbe issue was certain, for he had his revolver to back his hencemon up with. Presently, the negro gave Charles a severe cat on his left elbow, and the red blood could be seen staining his white jacket aod dripping to the ground. ' Afarim 1 (Bravo I) Said, Afarim 1' cried Lorenzo. Bnt now be careful, Said, my friend, aod thou hast him at toy mercy. Gordon Pasha did not surely decorate thee in vain for thy prowess in swordsmanship. Thou shalt surely kill toe dog directly.' The negro griDued, and the fight con tinued. Charlie soon felt himself get ting weaker from loss of blood. But he kept his head. He felt himself over- matched in strength, indeed, but he determined to try skill. He made sud denly a foiut at the Arab's head. As toe negro warrior raised his sword to protect his head, Charles, avoiding all contact with his blade, continued bis downward cut with a continuous sweep outwards, which he changed into an upward cut, the old cut three, at tbe enemy's wrist, as in toe old infantry sword exercise. This tuse was successful. The Arab, in raising his hand, and left his wrist exposed, and Dunraven's keen blade, meeting it, Dearly severed it in twain. With a yell the negro dropped his sword, and even as he did so Charles sprung forward, aud delivered what is known as the second point, which, his sword being a straight weapon, completely transfixed him through the chest. He fell, bnt Dnnraven, exhausted, fell with him and could uot withdraw his blade. At this moment Cariotti, advancing a pace, raised his revolver and was about to blow his rival's brains out where he lay, when an unexpected event occurred to mar bis laudable intention. The sham Arab decoy girl sprang npon him from behind and claBped him firmly round both arms. He was piuioued, to fire with effect was impossible — one barrel, indeed, actually exploaded accidentally. At tbe same time the Arab decoy girl cried oat loudly, ' Carlo mio ! the Arab's sword 1 Take the Arab sword, Carlo, mio.' With a curse, Lorenzo recognised his cousin Mathilde's voice, and vainly he straggled to free himself from her. She cluog, however, with a force that wa3 double — nay, trebleher ordinary strength — with the force of despair. Dunraven had taken the Arab's sword, but to assist Mathilde was impossible, he could not strike without wounding her. Sud denly, with a despearte wrench, Lorenzo di Cariotti tore himself free from her grasp, aud, instantaneously turning on her with an oath, fired at her point blank and she fell. But even as she did so she was avenged, for with a tremendous blow of the negro's curved scimitar, delivered at the very same instant, Dunraven completely decapi tated the Italian, whose head flew off, and before its last curse had neil left its lips was rolling on tbe ground beside his victim. The frightful final oath was actually only completed on the ground 1 His headless body, still holding the smoking revolver, remained weirdly poised for a moment, and then fell heavily in the opposite direction, the contraction of the muscles of the fingers exploding another chamber of the revolver as it did so. And just at that moment the Ser geant major of Gendarmerie and a patrol of four meu, attracted by the sonnd of shots, appeared upon the gbaslly scene. For the Sergeant-major was an Egyptian and eye-servant, and had therefore gone ont with the patrol himself with the full intantinn of meet- iDg ' the Bey ' and of showing him what a zealous and good gendarme he was. For he hoped thus to become soon made a 'mnlazim tbaui,' or secoud lieutenant. He did, iudeed, find toe Bey, not per haps indeed, quite as he had expected to, but surrounded by dead and dying people. And he has also since become a mul&zim; tbaui, but it is for the tenderness and care with which he con veyed Mathilde to the hotel, whereby her life was preserved, that he obtained that distinction. For ehe was taken back ative Now, there was a good old 'Roman Catholic priest at the Luxor Hotel, and when Mathilde had recovered consciousness, feeling that she was likely to die, she confessed all her sins to him. He eaid, kindly and confidently, it was not yet too late to make reparation, and asked . Charles with great dignity of demeanour if he did not think he ought to marry her in order tbat she might die happy and go to heaven. ' Marry her,' cnea unaries wicn rears in nis eyes, that will 1 most willingly do — but not that she may die happy, bat that, please God, she may live so.' And she lived 1 But Danraven has never quite got over that night, and the anxiety he felt about Mathilde then had, in fact, before the dawn broke, aged him by at least ten years. 