WORD FOR ADVERTISERS. The closing series of Elder Miles Grant's lectures advertised under church notices. This day at 3 p.m., Robert Htitton and Co. will sell by auction a building site in North road Newport. Miss Dobbin advertises that her Ladies' school is being conducted at Pasco street. During a general election in past days one of the candidates in a Scotch constituency was an opulent coal merchant. A week or two previous to polling day he was assid uously engaged in canvassing the voters, to whom, in addition to promising new reforms, he offered a ton of his best coal if they would pledge themselves to give him their votes. Amongst the voters was an old farmer whose outspoken utterances, for which lie was noted, raised some doubts in the coal merchant's mind as to whether it would be safe to make him the same offer as the rest of the voters. He had made up his mind however, to come out at the top of the poll, and it was necessary that every possible vote should be secured. Carefully approaching the old farmer on the subject, hle made first an offer on a ton of coal for his vote, antd a second t n to keep the matter a secret. The offer was closed with, much to the relief of the candidate. Tile polling day arrived, and alnongst the first batch of voters was the farmer, who duly registered his vote, and was about to leave the booth when a tap on the shoulder form tie superintending offlicer stopped hinm, " You've voted twice for Mr.-; that's against the rules, " said the officer. " Tit, man!" whispered the farmner; " d'ye no ken lie gave me twa tun o' coal ? " " You are not supposed to read news papers when you're sent on a message, Janes, " said Vickers reprovingly. "Go into the outer office and copy tihe letters I've put on your desk-the type-written ones. " ,' Right, sir, " said James. returning the still unopened Gattle to his side-pocket. " No, you can leave the paper here, James, I'll just glance at it presently, " said Vickers carelessly. " Wot, in the guvuor's time, sir?" re turned the lad, winking knowingly. " Well, that ain't arf bad, that ain't. The office:boy had not closed thel door a 'moment, when Ralph Vickers grabbed at paper James had left on his desk; and nervously opened it. His eyes fell upon a front.page leaderette, headed " A Legal Murder ;" they caught sight of his name of Laurence Gray. He spread out the paper nervously and began to read. " We are progressing, " the article began. "After legal robbery, comes the consum- mation of the act of legal murder by the execution of Laurence Gray. The unfort unate prisoner, now lying under the death sentence in Newgate, will be hanged on Monday. This is convenient for the pro secution, for.the ghosts of the legally nmurd. ered never haunt the corriders of the Home Office. Mr Gladstone, the late Lord Granville, Lord Derby, and Lord Spencer all entered the House of Commons at tw?lty-two, Lord Hartington at twenty.four, Lord Carling ford and Sir Claries Dilke at twenty-five "It is terrible to think of the possibility of that hypothesis being correct. Life' is a sacred tbing, and the Home Secretary might well shudder at the thought of sending to the gallows one who is not only innocent but who is probably the only witness by whom the crieo may yet he brought home to the actual murderer. 