"FAIRY QUEEJI." ob, Love Will Find the Way. CHAPTER XVI. " once moee the bose of happiness has withered." " Life's rose of sweetness _ Now withers in its pride, Hope's bright completeness Clonds of sorrow hide." It was Irene Leslie who pushed the door open in snch a rude manner, startling Queenie as she stood dressed in her bridal robes, and her reasons for so doing were known only to herself. Her wicked, revengeful spirit could not contain itself, so eager was she to witness the disgrace and exposure of her beautiful rival, and patience was an unknown word to her. « mo Trpnp. !" the voune girl said, in a trembling voice; her .heart throbbing wildly.' " 1— - 1 did not know what had happened." Alas 1 poor Qneenie I For the first time she had betrayed herself, and into the black eyes watching her there flashed- a gleam of triumph, and with a sneering laugh she said, meaningly : "Why, what did you suppose- had hap pened? Surely you do not expect anything unpleasant to happen on your wedding-day ? With such an indulgent- father and a de voted lover, life holds nothing but sweetness for you." Queenie shuddered as she listened to the mocking wordB, for- there was a menace-rin that voice that'she had not heard 'before; and a chill struck to her heart, but why; she could not say. " She was abont to' answer her; but just at that moment the half-dozen bridesmaids, all young girls about Queenie's age, came fluttering into the room like a flock of gay- plumaged birds, and she knew then that in a few moments she would stand besideher lover, and listen to the solemn words that made them one forever. ' Word came to her that the bridegroom was waiting for her, and/with a throb of joy at her heart she went out- into the great, flower-decked hall to join;him. Yes, there he was, handsome and im patient, his dear face wearing an anxious expression, which- gave place to a happy smile when his eyes rested npon the vision of loveliness half hidden by the misty veil, and he started forward, his lips trembling with the words of love that burned them. She was conscious of placing her hand upon his arm, of hearing the low, sweet strain of the wedding-march, and to the hour of her death she remembered the perfume of the orange-blossoms that she wore. Ah ! what rapture, what heavenly happi ness it must be when a bride stands at the altar with' the one to whom she' has given her pure love, knowing that henceforth their lives are as one. No more doubts, no more fears. Never again while life lasts can the same holy feelings fill her heart. Never again shall she live for herself alone, for now her idol is her life, her all. Those were some of the sacred -thoughts that filled Queenie's mind as she stood there, her hand clasped within her lover's, listening to "the wordB spoken by the man of God Once she raised her eyes, and her glance fell upon the proud and haughty face of Harry's mother, the »ne who had driven her away with bitter falsehood, and she half smiled, wondering what she would say if she were to know that the girl whose face was almost hidden by the folds of the bridal- veil, was that of the penniless girl she had scorned. Oh, the scent of orange- blossoms, the low throb of the orchestra concealed behind a grove ot tall palms and feathery ferns! Never could she forget them. And as she felt the warm clasp of her beloved's fingers, a thrill of deligh t went through her. But 'what was the meaning of that wild commotion at the end of the long room. Who was that tall, dark-faced woman that she dared force her way into that gathering of beauty and brilliancy and disturb the sacred silence that brooded over all, broken only by the words of the marriage service ? Who was she that she was bold enough to pause before the young pair and cry out in a clear, ringing voice : " Stop ! I forbid this marriage to go on !" If a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst of that bejewelled throng they would not have been one half so amazed as they were at sight of that tall, sombre-robed woman, whose dark, evil face gleamed with revenge ful satisfaction. People stared into each other's faces, too thoroughly surprised and astounded to speak ; the white- haired old minister paused in the middle of the ceremony, and -looked first from one to the other. in wonder and dismay. The pretty bridesmaids gasped 'in chorus, and the lovely face of the bride beneath her veil had grown ashen white, for she knew that her day of happiness was at an end. She was the only one as yet who had obtained a good," square look at the intruder, and the bridegroom, a frown black, as mid night darkening his brow, cried out : "The woman is a raving maniac! Let someone arrest her, for she has surely escaped from some asylum !" A burst of mocking laughter rang through the crowded room, and stepping forward so that Bhe stood facing him, she removed her bonnet and long, flowing black veil, and cried AU VllUUipU . " Now do you know me, Harry Holley ?" He staggered hack, his face grew deathly pale, and he faltered hoarsely;:' , " Madame Vayne ! You here? What in ' Heaven's name do you mean? Speak, woman, and tell me what, brings you here on this, my wedding-day.?"' "I am here to" tell you and -the others whom she has deceived and. been a livine lie to, that the girl you stand /beside is- an im postor and :not Lucile Leslie, the heiress !" she answered in a loud, clear voice that could be heard throughout the room. " Woman, you lie 1" These three words cut the air like a sharp flash of lightning that rends asunder the inky sky before a tempest of wind and rain. They came from -the lips of Colonel Leslie; and with one swift stride he was at Madame Vayne's side, his' eyes ' flashing, --'his ; breast heaving in anger. He hadjustreachedforth one hand to grasp- her by: the arm, when she turned suddenly and faced him. Yott ! ' he gasped hoarsely. " You !" Oh, what a change had come over himl -Twenty years seemed to have been added to his age since be looked into her face. His cheeks were drawn and sunken, his eyes staring in horror as if ' he had "suddenly be held a ghost. His hands shook and, shivered like an old feeble man6. and he did not look like the handsome, distinguished Colonel Leslie, always so calm and self-composed. Madame Yayne faced him, cool and de fiant. Her thin lips were curled in a mock ing smile, and an ugly sneer distorted her" once handsome featnres. "YeB, Colonel Leslie, it is I !" and fold ing her aims across her breast she stood waiting for him to speak. ; " My God !" groaned the stricken man, foTgetful alike of the /wondering throng around him, watching him with curious eyes; and the young girl whose white, set, face of- agony the angels must pity; " What are yon doing here?" "I am here to tell yon in time that the scheming girl yon believe to be your daughter is not your child, but a poor and nameless orphan that I cared for and gave a home to for years I Her rightful name is Qneenie Meredith. Yonr own child was drowned while talking with this schemer npon the deck of the doomed boat on which they both were passengers, and- this girl took her place. I know, fer I was on board' that same steamer, and I witnessed it all.. Ask her, and see if she" dares deny it I" A groan of more, than mortal agony, burst from Colonel Leslie's lips,- and he staggered and would have fallen had ..not .Harry Holley caught him' and' steadied him while he cried : " Be calm, Colonel Leslie, I beg of yon. There is some fatal mistake. Let; Lucile speak for herself 1" And turning to . the girl he said im ploringly: " Lucile, my darling, speak, for mercy's Bake, speak at once and tell your father that \- it is false I Tell him that it is all a fearful mistake, dearest, for this suspense is driving us both ni ad I Darling, speak to me, and I will believe you against the whole world !" : To the last hour of her life Queenie never forgot the pleading and entreaty in his dear, dark eyes, and, oh, how she loved him at that moment when he said - that he would 1 believe her against the whole world I How hard it was for her to stand before him, and, gazing into his beloved face, ntter the words that she knew would separate them for ever. But not for a single moment did she falter. It never occurred to, her to speak a- falsehood, although he would have believed her, as he said, against the world. ; . "Why are you silent, dearest?''- he. im plored, his face white and set. - ?" Oh, Lucile, my darling one, speak and tell me it is false 1" " It is too true, Harry," she said simply, and, the ring of patience and submission in her 'sweet' voice touched the hearts of all present. " It is <rue that I am not Lucile Leslie. Madame Yayne speaks the truth." ' A gasp of horror ran through that vast assembly, and with a groan the fond -lover reeled, and then staggered backward, cover ing his face with both hands. It was then that Colonel Leslie remem bered that he wa9 not alone, and, raising his haggard face with its bloodshot eyes, he said: in a hoarse, unnatural voice : " Friends, a deep trouble has fallen upon: me, and I trust you willpardonme if I ask you to leave me alone. You see' that this wedding cannot go on." No cne uttered a word, bnt one by one the gnests all slipped away until only those who" were concerned in the sorrowful tragedy re mained. : The stricken young lover remained,- with his face hidden in' his hands until his mother started' forward, and; laying one hand -upon his arm, said harshly : ; i : " Come with me, Harry. . Surely, you do not wish to "remain longer in the same room with that base creature !" "Hush, mother 1" he cried; casting a look of love and grief upon the- beautiful/ girl who stood pale but calm:before her accuser, "hush, mother, for I love her. I", V " Madam!" — it was Colonel Leslie's, voice, stern and severe, that spoke— " madam, be kind enough to remember : that this- young, "girl, although she may have sinned, is beneath my, roof and under my. protection while she is here.'' . - v -,- r \- How Queenie's heart -thrilled when she heard Harry Holley say that he loved her, and then in -the next moment she knew that it was useless, for she could never hope to be anything to him now. The moon, had arisen, and its pallid beams creeping in -at the window where she was standing threw" long, slanting rays of light across, her lovely face, and, as she witnessed its glory, she whispered sadly to herself : " Once more the rose of happiness has withered as my hands were about to pluck it — once' more my star oE hope has1 set for ever behind the clouds'of sorrow." Alas ! poor Queenie. It was too true. CHAPTER XVII. " farewell forever ! i go out of your life." " My sonl nor deigns nor dares complain, Though grief and passion there rebel ; I only know we loved in vain, 1 only feel — farewell, farewell !" The silvery rays of moonlight never shone upon a sadder group than that gathered in the long, flower-scented drawing-room which only a few moments before had been the scene of so much beauty and brightness. Surely the angels up in Heaven must have pitied poor, heart-sick little Queenie, who had suffered enough. And yet, God help her, the worst has yet to come. \- With a groan of anguish Colonel Leslie stepped forward, and laying one hand heavily upon the fair, round arm, said hoarsely : " Lucile— for I must call you by that name until I hear from yonr own lips that you have no right to it — Lucile, my child, tell me. are you indeed Queenie Meredith as this — this woman declares you to be ?" She raised her beautiful, clear eyes to his face, and, without the faintest suspicion of a tremor in her voice, answered : " Papa, forgive me, it is true. I am indeed hapless Qneenie Meredith, and I have no right to the name yon have given me " " My God ! to think that you arc capable of deceit and treachery 1" be gasped, In voice hoarse with the bitterest agony that a man ever endured. "You, whom 1 have loved and trusted 1 You, whose face is as pure and innocent as an angel's 1 The thought that you arc so unworthy will kill me 1" Those words stung her to the quick, and starting eagerly forward, she cried : " Listen to me, and let me tell yon all ; in the name of sweet pity listen, and then con demn me if you will 1 1 know 1 deserve it ; I know that I have sinned. But", it is all over now, and I will leave it forever ; but, oh, listen to me eie you condemn me too harshly I" Her voice died away in a pitiful, sobbing cry, and she stretched out her trembling hands, that looked like snow-flakes beneath the pallid moonbeams. But no one offered to take those poor little hands within their own, and warm them again with love and sympathy. "Yon all believe me a base and vile schemer," she said, sorrowfully, choking back her sobs of anguish and despair. " But you do not know — you cannot understand how it all happened, and at times I cannot realize it myself." " Her pitiful cry was unheeded, and she went on : "When I met Lncile Leslie that night aboard the ill-fated steamer, I did not even dream of such a thing. I was wretched and lonely ; my heart was breaking, and I about to end all beneath the waters of the river. She saw me there alone, and she noticed the grief that I tried in vain to hide, and her tender heart longed to comfort me. She told me all about her own good fortune, and then she handed me the locket that con- tftinprl "hrtr mother'n nictnre. I had inst taken it into my hand when that awful crash came, and we went down, down beneath the cold waves — down to blackness and dark ness 1" " When I again opened my eyes I found myself in a strange room, with many around me, but after a few moments it seemed to me as if I had always been there — in fact, it seemed like homeland you all know that it was brought about by the blow that I received upon my head. When I recovered, and my mind again became perfectly clear, my life was a torture from morning until night ; and, oh. how many times the words trembled npon my lips, and I was on the point of con fessing that it was a fatal mistake all the "way through ! And then a small voice whis pered to me that I was robbing no one, for the girl who had been so kind to me was dead, and by taking her place I was bringing more happiness than I ever could by confess ing the truth. But no one knows what pangs of bitterness and remorse have filled my heart since that time. Perhaps there may come a day when some who .are present may be tempted, and they may fall. Ah 1 how I have suffered 1 how I have suffered 1" She clasped her hands over her bosom, her lips quivering pitoonsly, her blue eyes filled with the hot tears of sorrow and regret-, and as her glance fell npon her lover's hand some face; she held out her hands toward him, sobbing: ' : " Harry dearest, look at me and say that you forgive me I I have sinned, I know, but I love you so dearly that I cannot die with; out your forgiveness 1 Speak to me just once and say that yon forgive me, for yon will have it to remember in the 'years to come, and you will look back and be glad that you granted my . pleading. Ah, you will, you must 1" ; \ ... . She was very close to him, and he could; feel her fragrant breath fan. his brow. - He, did not understand what she meant when she said that in the future he would be' glad that he had been kind to her ; bnt if he had, how quickly would he have folded her in his arms and kissed away her -tears. > Oh, for sight to look beyond the mists of the future, and there read what fate holds for us all ! .He. .did ; not take those pleading hands reached out to him, for his heart grew, hard and bitter toward her, for one. brief, fleeting moment, and. he turned coldly away; , V\/ . He was very prond, and the thought that, bis beautiful one could stoop to utterafalse- hood and be a living lie - cut - his heart : like the sharp thrust of a knife. But'later on, when' the" feverish madness, had, passed, he loved her better than ever, and' most bitterly did he. blame himself for- his brutality. "' ; "I cannot believe it 1" he' answered with a groan, turning away from 'the, sweet, plead ing face. ' " I cannot believe that you, the one true' love' of my life, can" be guilty of deceit and treachery. . I would far father have you fall dead in my arms at the very alter, than haveto live and know -that the lips I have kissed so many times, dreaming that they were portals of truthfulness and honor, could utter a lie! Oh, how could you do it ? ' How conid you ? Her own face had grown deathly white as she listens to the words that kill every spark of hope within her breast, and she feels as if every drop of blood in-her body has gathered in one great ma9s of ice around her heart, freezing her life out forever. Everything grows dark before her, and in blank and mate despair she whispers to herself that she must die. "Then you will not forgive me, Harry ?" she. asks piteously, and a heart of marble must have melted at the ring of agony in her voice.- " You, will- not; forgive, andyetan hour ago you said that you loved me 1 " 0: > Harry, Harry, you whom L have loved bettei - tban my" own life— can yon- call that trui- love? Can a true love be killed at a- single' blow!";1 . "I mustibe left alone and think 1 " hemut tered, in thick, muffled tones strangely unlik- his usually ; rich, mu- ical voice. ' I must Have time, for my brain seems on fire. D not ask me to forgive yon now.-' I'may in time, bnt not now — not now." An expression of deepest agony swept over her lovely face— the hunted, wounded look "of a" deer who has received its death-wound— and casting one parting glance at his - hand some face, she walked quietly toward the door, both hands crossed meekly over her bosom, whispering softly to herself : " Farewell forever 1 I go out of your life, and I complain not, -but when forgiveness comes it will be too late !""- She paused a moment as she passed Colonel Leslie, and looked into his face as if to seek a tiny spark of pity, but the cold, stern ex- pression she" saw there checked the words that trembled upon Her. lips, and she left the room in silence, knowing that she would never gaze npon the faces of any one there again. Poor little Queenie! her 'life was indeed a broken one 1 . . Irene Leslie's black, evil eyea were fastened upon- "the slender, white- robed figure, hatred - and burning revenge gleaming in their dusky depths, and unable to control herself longer, she darted forward, hissing in the young girl's ear: " So, my fair-beggar, your pretty game is blocked! ; 1 knew you, Queenie Meredith, from the very instant I saw you, and all your innocent airs : did not deceive me! You thought: that once you were Harry Holley's wife, all would be well, and he would cling to you forever in spite of the fact that you -were a living lie 1 But you are trapped at last, and the best thing -for you to do, is to" go at" once to New York or some other large- city, and follow-up the profession for which you are so well fitted — either an actress or an adventuress 1 Her eyes were blazing, and the words were hissed fiercely through her set teeth; Her hot breath fanned Queenie's' face like the blast from a fiery furnace. Queenie's only reply to the torrent of abuse, was a lingering look of sadness, and as she went slowly up the broad, soft stairs, down which she had floated, looking like a fairy in her bridal-robes such a short time before, she said, sadly : 1 " I will not complain, for I deserve it all; but oh, Harry, your forgiveness will come too late!" (To be Continued).- 