RELIGIOUS NEWS. Presbyteby of Adelaide.—The Presbytery of Adelaide held their quarterly meeting in Chalmers Church veBtry on Wednesday. The Bev. Mr. Butub, Sbelton, was associated. There was a conversation regarding a forth coming bazaar in aid of tne Debt Fund at Golden Grove, whioh it was hoped would be a great success. The Rev. Mr. Main, in accordance with usage, reported for himself and fellow-delegates the:r "diligence" at the Federal Assembly, and testified to the earnest ness, harmony, and hopeful spirit which pre vailed in the Assembly. A letter in favour of Mr. Sion, who wishes to give his services to the Church, was remitted to the Home Mission Committee. A report from the Theological Committee was submitted by Dr. Paton and received. Pebsonal.—From the Christian Weekly of October 21Mr. J. Bernard Allen, B.A., B.Sc., son of the President of the Conference, proceeded on Tuesday last to pursue his etudies in soience at the Sydney Uni versity under Professor ThrelfalL The Eng lish (Scholarship he holds gives him the option of studying in the colonies or of proceeding to Europe. Mr. Allen is an old student of Prince Alfred College, and uniteB with his scholarly qualities Christian character and zeal. He is a promising local preaoher and an earnest Christian Endeavour worker, and will be much missed at Port Adelaide. The Rev. N. J. Cock, M.A., the newly elected pastor of the Congregational Church at Kogarah, N.S.W., whose ordination took place at Pitt-street Church, Sydney, last month, iB an old Prince Alfred soholar. His subsequent career at Camden College (a train ing inEtitntion for ministers- in Sydney) is , described as exceptionally .brilliant.—The Rev. T. A. James, of Albany, W.A., who has inti mated bis desire to return to South Australia, has been invited to take the superintendency of the Perth Circuit, in succession to the Be v. J.. Y. Simpsoii.—The Rev. H. C. George, now of York, has been invited to Guilford, in the Perth distriot; the Rev. T. Bird, of Pre-, mantle, to York; and the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys, late of the'Broken Hill Oirouit, who is now returning from England, to Albany.—The Rev, F./Hastings, of the Brougham-place Con-' gregatiohal Church, is about to viBit Queens land. He is.announced to occupy the pulpit of the Wharf-street Churoh, Brisbane, on eaoh of the four Sundays in November.—Dr. Sau matat Smith, the Bishop of Sydney, preiaohed a Sunday or two ago to a: lane crowd. pn the beach ,'aV.Copgee. ".Before I was, a, Bishop," said he, during the course of bis address, "I was: an Evangelist, and now that l am t Bishop I mean, to continue to do the work of bn Evangelist."—Mr. R.' W. Perks, M.A., M.P., the newly.elected member for thelLouth division of Lincolnshire, is one of the moBt prominent laymen in British Methodism, and is the son of the late Rev. G. T. Perks, M. A., an ex- PreBident of the Conference, and one of the Missionary Secretaries.—The Rev. David O'Donnell, of Malvern, Victoria, who is now in Adelaide at the invitation of the Norwood and Kent Town Churches, is the guest of Sir John and Lady Cotton, at Hackney. Mr. O'Donnell's visit is being much enjoyed by his many friends in the city and suburbs. He returns to Melbourne next week after taking anniversary services at Kent Town.—Mr. W. Jethro Brown, B.A., LL.B., who had a distinguished career at the Cambridge University, has been appointed to a Professorship in the University of Tasmania. Mr. Brown, whose parents are old and re spected members of our Church at Mintaro, iB himself a member and a local preaeher of the Methodist Church. • Robe-decanal Conference. —The Rure decanal Conference of Petersburg and the North was held at Port Pine on October 18. Holy Communion waB celebrated at 7.30 a.m., and a chapter meeting was held in the fore noon, at which various matters concerning the interests of the Church in the North were dis cussed. - A conference of clergy and laity in the afternoon considered the questions of the week-dav relieious education of our vounir people, and the best method of attaining this object; that of parochial missions; and that of the lay representation in Synod for mission Churches. The Rural Dean reported progress in this matter made by the Speoial Committee appointed by last Synod to consider and advice thereon. In the evening divine service was held in the Church, the Rural Dean preaching. On Wednesday evening a social of a veiy suc cessful character was held, when addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. S. Hoporaft, Rural Dean (Fort Augusta), A. W. Olampett, M.A. (Laura), K. M. Pitt, MA. (Peters burg), S. J. Caulfield (Melrose), and Lesli Durno, M. A. (Port Pirie), and Messrs, Crocker, Mallyin, and Scott. The musical part of the Srogramme was satisfactorily carried out by fr. Harry Clark. St. Fkancis Xavier's Cathedral.—On Sunday afternoon Archbishop Reynolds ad ministered the Sacrament of confirmation to 200 candidates. In the sanctuary there were present the Revs. P. Hurley, Phelan, Cos grave, McMahon, Doheny, and MoEvoy Long before the servioe began the Cathedral was crowded by Catholics who had come to witness the solemn and impressive ceremonial and administration of the Holy Sacrament. When the Archbishop arrived at the Lady Altar, which was beautifully decorated, the children, aided by their teachers and members of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral Choir, sang the beautiful hymn to the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop addressed the candidates on the nature and effects of the Sacrament. He then admini stered confirmation to each of the candidates kneeling at the altar rails. Mr. C. W. James and Mrs. Dr. O'Connell acted as godfather and godmother respectively. After the holy rite Dr. Reynolds addressed the newly confirmed on the obligations imposed upon them by the acceptance of this Sacrament, exhorting them to persevere faithfully to the end. He warned them of the dangers to which they would be exposed later on, remarking especially against the degrading vioe of intemperance. To save them from this he asked them if thejr wished to join the League of the Cross, to which they heartily responded. All joined until they would complete their twenty-first year. This solemn ceremonial was concluded by the sing ing of "Faith of Our Fathers." Sabbath Observance.—On Sunday morn ing the Rev. J. Nioholson addressed bis con gregation on Sabbath observance in the Bromp ton Wesleyan Church. In the course of his remarks be said it was his custom some time during his pastorate to speak on this subject, and he thought the present time was most appropriate. It was on a Sunday that the Broken Hill strike had been de clared, and he held that it was quite unnecessary for that to have been done, for either the day before or the day after would have done as well. The Trades and Labour Council had held two monBter meetings to dis cuss the strike on the Sabbath, and another was to take place that day in their locality. It was a serious departure from the respeotful and reverential way in which the Sabbath was usually spent in South Australia. When the prophet complained, "Ye have gone away from mine ordinanoes, and have not kept them," be added, " Ye are cursed with a curse, for ye have robbed me, even thiswhole nation." It was a perilous thing to trample on Divine obligations. It was unwise for the labour organizations to trifle with the day of rest. Sunday pleasure entailed extra work on some one, and on this account, if for no other, the labour bodies should preserve the Sabbath, and no engage ment should be entered into on that day that could as well and Letter take place on another day. The Americans in an evil moment became lax in.the matter of Sabbath observ ance, and as a consequence one and a half million of men had to work on Sunday, and at last they began to realize that the Sabbath was being endangered, and so they called in theaid of Congress to pass a Day of Rest Bill, and no fewer than thirteen and a half millions of signa tures were attached to a petition in its favour. He hoped the labour bodies would profit by these experiences, and defend the day of rest from encroachments. Public sentiment could [ not be outraged without loss to the cause that did it. If God and God's people were alienated from any inoyement there would not be much left to permanently sustain it. He understood it was hot the intention to hold any more Sabbath meetings on the strike, and he hoped the labour party would refrain for the future from any action that compromised the consciences of Christian men. The rev. gentleman gave numerous testimonies as to now Sunday was observed on the European Continent, and showed how shops, markets, and trading establishments were open tn Paris by 8 a.m., and work went on as usual. When the Methodist Churoh was built in Paris the trustees had to put in the specifications a con dition forbidding any work to be done on Sundays during its erection, for without such a prohibition #)B: rnepal.Sunday. .labour would have taken place.. One. English blacksmith working on the Continent testified—"I nave hadmy.doee.At home-I attended meetings of the; .■Sunday League and: euiafiribed, -bW I smcui^d. I bave^been (Working for.si^teen Sundays running, and "rit appears !to be one. long work 'day. Audit's no good, as .1 epend more for food and 'Stimulants to keep .me np at all, :and :I always feel tired and careless .how ' it goes." Mr. S. Smiles and other ..travellers dealated that as a rule the Sunday evening theatre and fairs .we're hot.. largely attehdpdjiy'.working men* who were only just returning from work, and .were too1 tired for 'further exertion. Mr. Nicholson skid tbeSabbath was made by God, and not man, tod -as soon as man 'was made, because bis.teomple'xjnhtnrb needed a day of rest. .AsByrian'tablets gayp,testimony,toits early, origin, before tee "Jewish fdigioh was established.' Wh'ileJeWite ceremonials had been fulfilled in Christ the day was still of con tinued obligation "as"' a" Divine ordinance. Christ, while rebuking the literalism of the Jewish Rabbis, taught'that works of neoes sity and mercy were quite in harmony with his mind as the Lord of the Sabbath. The principle of a seventh of time being specially devoted to God was embodied in the Sabbath. The change of day did hot alter that principle, and the reasons for it were convincing. The spirit of Sabbath observance was that of glad ness, which should justify Philip Henry's testimony when he said of the Sabbath—'*' If this is not Heaven it is oertairily the way to it." New , Guinea Missions. — Sir William MacGregor, the Administrator of New Guinea, in his last despatch to the Premier pays a high compliment to the mission work oarried on in that country by the Rev, Mr. Bromilow, of the Wesleyan Mission at Dobu. He states that a large Church hasrbeeu erected there by the natives, assisted by tee missionaries, with out p&ynient.; The building will accommodate 500 people, and tee natives are proud of it. It has a roof of sewn sago-leaves, and .the door is C0v.ered;with cocoanut mats. The. usual attend.ance.is from 1300 to 400. The behaviour of the people 'during service is most exeniplary, not a whisper being heard, and all kueehng during prayer. "They have made good pro gress, Six William adds, "in singing, es pecially some hymns translated into their own language and sung to native airs. The con trast between tee Dobu of to-day with teat I first saw is nothing short of a transformation." Db. Kennion. — Bishop Kennion left by the s.s. Warooka on Wednesday morning for Yorke's Peninsula for the purpose of hold ing confirmation services. He is not expected back before November 3. 