CONCERNING THE COMING OF ST. PETER TO ROME. I do not say that there was not u church in Rome, that there was not Christianity ; but that the Gospel had not been preached by Peter, but carried by disciples of Peter and Paul, and espeoially by Aquila and Priscilla, before that Paul came to Rome. Bnt it was not as yet the Gospel preached in the face of the Gentiles and the Csesars ; it was still a preaching in private, in families. It was not aB yet a preaching by an apostolio person. Neither let it be objected that it may still he said that Peter had preached the Gospel, if not to others, to the Israelites, because we know from the Acts of the Apostles that when Paul came to Roma he gathered the Jews around him, and those showed him that they knew nothing as yet concerning this seot, of which no one could have given them information. And this proof, the apostolate of St. Paul, leads me to the conclusion that up to that moment the Gospel had not been among the Hebrevra in Rome, and for me these are positive proofs that St. Peter had not been in Rome. But it was said yesterday that the ApoBtles had from Christ the mandate in their apostoli cal and evangelic commissions to go into all the world, and preaoh the Gospel to every creature ; and henoe there waB no prohibition against going to Rome, and among the rest there was no prohibition for Peter. Here, gentlemen, I wish you to pay a little atten tion. Wo maintain the thesis that Peter did not come, not that Peter could not come. In consequence, when I speak of history and not of Biblical exegesis (beoause I could prove in auother sense that he could not come, con sidering his special mission to the Hebrews), then I say not, indeed, that he could not come, becanse he conld have come, but that be did not come. In fact, all the Apostles bad the power to go and preach the Gospel to every creature. Well, did all the Apostles come to Rome, because they were not prohibited ? No, they did not come. How do you kn'ow that they did not come ? Because St. Luke does not soy it ; and then I say, No more did Peter come, for the same reason, that Luke does not say it, and if he had come, Luke must have said it. And I insist upon the word " must," although some will say to mo, " Where did they go ?" They went where Divine grace inspired them to go, where tho Spirit, as we have it in the Acts of the ApoBtles, showed them to go ; and this Spirit is the guide that we find throughout the whole Bible, who regulates all the Bleps of the Apostles ; so that I find the beautiful text as to Paul and Barnabas! "When they had passed through Phrygia and the country of Galatia, they were forbidden by the Holy Ghost to preach the word in Asia. And when they came into Mysia they attempted to go into Bithynia, and tho Spirit of Jesus suffered them not." Acts xv. 6, 7.) And wherefore all this hindrance aod prohibition ? Because these countries were the special field of Peter, because Christ did not wish en croachments in the apostolate, and Paul did Dot wish to build upon auother man's founda tion. So tbar, gentlemen, here I am obliged to say a thing which atl know : Deus et natura nihil agunt jruslra. No, God works nothing needlessly ; and God having expresrly chosen an Apostle for the Gentiles, to carry His name before the Kings, and having called Paul to thiB mission, no one was to encroach on the apostolate of Paul, and the Spirit wouid not have permitted it ; so that, gentlemen, there is a word in the Bible (and it is the Word of God Himself, which for me avails more than all tho authorities that may be oppoeed to me) against the coming of St. Peter to Rome. I have the Word of God to Paul, Acts xxiii. II : " As thou hast testified of Me in Jerusa lem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome." Of no other Apostle, not of Peter himself, were these words said, that he must bear witness iu Rome ; and it is on tiiis account that I say that Paul did come, because there is the voioe of God which calls him hither, the Spirit of God which impels him hither, and the Scriptures of God which have nar rated it for me. Then how can they attempt to deny that there are positive words in the Scriptures ? Why will they attempt to cast doubt upon such clear evidence ? Yesterday they wished to make a vagabond of Paul, and why deny a similar facility to Peter? Pardon the word "vagabond," be cause I do not think that an Apostle who goes about to evangelise ought to be called a vagabond or a vagrant. However, if the journey of Paul is beyond doubt, it is be cause I find it recorded; and if I do not admit the journey of Peter, it is because I do not find it recorded, Peter goes to Lydda, .to Joppa, to Cmsarea, to Samaria, to Antioch, and comes back to stay in Jerusalem : " it is mentioned. Paul goes to many places of (he east and of the west : it is mentioned. As you could not ask me to deny that Paul has been in Oorinth, in AthenB, in Thessalonioa, in Macedonia, in Rome, beoause 1 read it in the Bible, so you cannot usk uie to believe that Peter has been in Rome, beoause this I do not read. ThiB never was said, never written, by the inspired authors. It is on this account I say that in the Bible are found not only what you call the negative proof of silence, but I say and maintain that I find even positive proof, that Peter has not been in Rome since his crnoifixioa itself, by its necessity and nature, carries me at the very last period of his life to Babylon, where particularly be held his apostolate in the midst of the Diupersiou. Peter had not come to Rome, not because he oonld not have come, but because, as I say, the Spirit of God prohibited him, and because Peter was designated to oarry the Gospel to the circumcision and Paul to the Gentiles. As to the Biblical proof of the non-arrival of St. Peter in Rome, it is necessary that I reply to some observations of my learned opponents of yesterday evening aB to chron ology, and, in particular, as to the date from Babylon. I commence with the chronology. It was said by my learned opponent in the first Bpeech that, as to chronology, everything is Btill in obscurity and uncertainty. I admit that there are yet imperfeotions ; I admit that perhaps still we must proceed in the midst of obscurity and uncertainty; I admit that this is a matter whioh God baB given over to tho disputations of men, since whether it be by the nature of the matter related, or by the habit of the narrator, either in the New Tes tament generally or in the Gospels espeoially, we find that they do not pay attention to dates, and consequently it behoves lovers of truth, of whatever shade they may be, who devote themselves with sincerity and affection to this study, to find the most approximate dates of Biblical chronology ; and here we speak of the New Testament, for then we shall arrive at a Biblical conclusion. Yesterday evening the observation was made that the art of verifying the chrono logical dates of the Bible is bo obsenre, that we CRunot settle the epoch of the arrival of St . Paul in Rome. I beg pardon. The epoch of the arrival of St. Paul in Rome is in the year 61 ; and comes from an ascertained date. When men have in baud an ascer tained date, it is like Archimedes, who, had he obtained a fulcrum, could have moved the world with his lever. Tho ascertained date is the arrival of Porlius Festua the Governor, and we know that this oocurrod in 61, and in the same year Paul was sent a prisoner to Rome. I find that is an ascertained date. Some might Bay it ib not yet quite certain, there is still some little doubt (for me, no), since it is not altogether positive that Portiua arrived in that year. I should make then a slight observation, and it is that the ascer tained date is this, namely, that Paul arrived in Rome the year that the Governor Portias arrived, a year fixed by profane history, since the date of the arrival of this Governor is known from the consular and imperial acts. And even if you showed me that this is not yet well settled, then I should take the argu ment of the learned Fabiani of yesterday evening, who said that, by the new dis coveries, he had found chronological dates which have so intoxicated ths miDds of some who were not favourable to the Bible, as to make them exclaim that by these discoveries the Biblical dates were all destroyed. I have already said to my honourable oppoueut that I do not fear that, and 6ven he will not fear it, because the Bible is four square against every asBanlt, and will always triumph. But I say, that if yon have been able to find by new discoveries these perfectly cer tain datps, and to fix your chrono'ogy, you will be able to arrive by other discoveries at some monument, at some stone, which can tell us more certainly that Portius arrived as Governor in Judaa in such a year. Here then we have in the Bible ascertained dates, and it is not trne that all is in obscurity ; there is one ascertained date, and we know that when we can depart from the known for the unknown it is not so difficult to reach our point. Nor do all the ascertained dates end here, becanse te have another positive datum in the Bible to enable us to fix a dote, and that is the going up of St. Paul to Jerusalem three yearn after his conversion, or fourteen veare afterwards for the meeting of the Council. I was almost frightened yesterday when I heard that it might be objeoted to us by Atheists and Rationalists that we had only one testimony, and that we conld quote do one but the Apuetle Paul. Gen. lemon, when I have in my hands an inspired writer, when this writer speaks of a poeitivn fact, of a per sonal fact, I do not fear though it were ten million of Atheists and Rationalists ; they are impotent to strike down a Colossus such aB one inspired writer. Then Paul suffices for me ; and when I have the testimony of Paul giving me two ascertained dates, I go forward and say, as we have the known, we should arrive at what is unknown. If this mode of proceeding be not admitted, there can be no study of chro nology. The question then depends on when the conversion of St. Paul occurred. 1 do not Bpend more words upon this point ; I say to my learned adversaries that I do not allow myself to be awed by any. one, not even by Ellendorf, of whom I specially reject one portion of his chronology, that the death of "Stephen and the peisecutions against the Christians immediately enoceeded one another. This difference may be perhaps small, and cannot alter the grand traits and lineaments of Biblical history. The stoning of Stephen may be clearly proved to have taken place under Tiberius, but the persecutions against the Christians did not happen at tho eame psriod. This I say, because the character of Tiberius was adverse to persecutions ; on tho contrary, he prevented persecutions to which he was solicited by the Roman Senators, who wished the Christians expelled from Rome. Under Tiberius, Stephen may have been pot to death, as Jesns Christ had been pat to death by the instigation of the Jews, who accused the one and the other of blasphemy, and by that phantom of autonomy whioh the Romans bad left to them, they procured in the ease of Jesus the consent of Pilate to their desire. Under Tiberias, then, the death of Stephen might happen ; but I repeat again that tho persecutions could not happen ; they occurred under Caligula. But under Caligula the persecutions raged. We cannot admit that, under Caligula ooourred the death of Staphen. From this Biblical text I deduce an argument whereby I prove that at the time of th«i death of Stephen Paul was yet a youth. He kept the raiment of thoBe who stoned Stephen ; ho had Dot, yet come to the age when they put on the toga virilia, he was a minor. Therefore we must leave a spaoe between the death of Stephen, whioh hap pened at a time in whioh Paul was yet a minor, and tbe persecutions that occurred when Paul must have been of full age, as he obtained from the High Priests letters to head the per secutions, which would not have been granted to a youth. Yon see then, that with chro nology and with some calculation it is pos sible, taking our departure from a known, to discover an unknown ; nay, I repeat that the chronology, as was in a certain manner proved yesterday, even leads ns to oonclude that the Apostle Peter has not been in Rome. ( To he continued .) 