..FORATI.ON FOu TIHE HOUSEHOLD. Srca-soon Coonsvr.-This (says " A Lady of Scot land," writing in the Agricultulra Gazette) isabranch of the culinary art that differs, in some essentiass, from the rules that guide the ordinary cook. For the sick ever.thin must be seasoned with a sparing hasd, for spices and condiments, that would provoke the appetite in a he:.thby subject, will prore distaste ful to a sickly one, and even aggravate certain dis order . Little sugar, absolutely I o snh, and peppers, if at all, in the su,?ilest proportion, is the rule; the exception Innit be in cases where the nurse, of her own knowrledc, or ac:inL under thedoctor'orders, is certain no hanr will folow. A weakened appetite soon tirns soainst a too frequent repetition of the anms food, and it lies with the nurse to contrive some harmless novrelty to tenl.t it. While, therefore, she romust attend strictly to the prescribed quantities of raedicine, she misy exercise her own discretion as to food, provided she has some acquaintance with the effects of the different kinds on the human body. siarsirants are rarelr suiable furinralids ; stewed fruits, on the contrary, are medicinal, and often highlvybeneficial. Authorities differ greatly in their estimate of starchy foods, some of them holding they are in no sense nutritious, and, if taken alone, must lead to starvation. Miss Nightingale has said of arrowroot "that it is only useful as a vehicle for administering wine "; hut, on the other hand, people hare been known to lire for a month at a time entirely on arrowroot and water, and been grateful to starchy food ever after. Arrowroot and corn flour are-now bcliered to be most useful agents in the sick room; while there are so many preparations of invalid food, each with peculiar properties of their own, the intelligent nurse need be at no loss to vary her patient's diet. But high on the list of invalids food must be placed oatmeal gruel, the strengthening properties of which are but imperfectly dnderstood, and certainly dceerve to be hatter known. In one case of extreme weakness, where the patient was to all appearance sinking, three tahlespoonfuls of oatmeal gruel, to which was added medicinally, one spoonful of spirit, given every two hours, worked such a wonderful change for the better as to astoni-h the medical attendant, and lead him to commit, what had been an almost hope less case, to the nurse-with the remark, " Just go on with your nnursing." Gruel is made thus: Put fire tablespoonfuls of oatmeal-less or more as it is wanted thiclk or thin-and mix to a liquid paste with cold water; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of -boiling water and strain through a sieve close enough to keep back all the grains; boil it in an enamelled saucepan till about the thickness of good cream. If properly made and snlficientlyboiled, it will get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry vinegar, spirits, sugar, salt, or even a little butter may be added. BEani-T~ E is so well-known as to need no recom mendation, yet inexperienced people are sometimes at a llossin setting about the making of it. One ounce of beef to six tablespoonfuls of water is a proper pro portion for good beef tea. Cut the meat into dice; put it into a stewupan, and add cold water in the above proportion. Let it stand away from the fire for 10 minutes, as certain parts of beef are only soluble in cold water; then put it to heat very gradually, and at last boil it 10 minutes. Cunlca, for soup should be boiled six hours in a covered stone jar set into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added to beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, and anlo makes a change for the patient. Soak 4o. of it in } pint of cold water; add to it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, and stir it over the fire till the gelatine is quite dissolred; when cold it will be a firm jelly, almost as good as calf's-foot jelly, and made with much less trouble. RrIsronArlt JzlIS-.-Put loz. isinglass, s dozen cloves, loz. pounded gam arabic, 2oz. sugar, and - pint of the best medicinal port wine into a bo..1; let the mixture stand covered over fora night; then put the bowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it near the fire till the ieinglas and gum arabic are quite dissolved; pour through a piece of muslin, let it stand till cool, and then cut it up into squares. Bear.cr-wa?ra is one of the best diluents in any febrile disorder, or while a patient is under blister. When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soa?ed in boiling water to remove the acid. In making barley-sater, it ehordd simmer for an hour.. A handful of raisins boiled in it makes a more palatable drink, while it is no less whole I some. Casor. or Bst.sL i is a cooling and nourishing form of food, and may be safely given in feverish attacks. Cut up half-pound of lean veal, put it in a saucepan with a pint of cold water, and add two ounces of harley preriously soaked in boiling water. Boil together for six hours, adding a little water as it wastes. Pound the whole in a mortar, and rub it threuzh the tanmmy sicre with the liquor. Iv.Iue Crrasn.-The yolks of two eggs and the white of one, beaten up with a cupful of milk, put into a buttered teacup, nad steam ten minutes. Tur VLaLn or Tur OStus.--While the onion stands at a disadr?ntage anu.ng vegrtables on account of its pronounced and not srbotly agreeable odour, it is, doubtless, one of tie most valuable and healthful products bf the g-rden. This value is not confined to its use as an article of diet, sines the eliciency of onion poultices in cases of croup and similar diseases are too well known to need repetition. The roasted heart of an onion, placed in the ear as hot as it can be borne, will often relieve cases of earache when other remedies fail, and a very excellent cough syrup is made by putting one half cup of minced onionsintoa cup each of vinegar and molasses, simmering on the Sstore for half an hoer, and then straining. A tea spoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relieve severe ?sses of cough and houarseness. It is claimed that onions, as an article of food, are excellent blood purifiers, greatly improving the complexion, and, of course, entirely harmless. As a nerrine, they are very beneficial, either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in the natural state, the addition of a little salt or pepper makes them more palstable. The large imported variety are much less pungent and disagreeable to the taste than smaller native growth, but equally eflicient in remedial action. Tn Ao-rr_.-Nothing is more discouraging to a good housekeeper than to move into a house with a neglected attic where the drbris of all the previous hosekeepershasbeen allowed to collect It is im possible to calculate how much dust and unwhole someness drifts down through the house from such aneglectedspot as this. A good housekeeper has no sueh neglected spots. Her house cleaning does not begin with the screy under the" attic, but with the tttin itself. There are ghosts enough in a forgotten attic to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not an uncomnmon thing for people to etnsig to the attin their worn-out shoes, theircast-off bonnets and hats, their decrepit firmiture wrhich has passed usefulness, all their old belonginge, in prospect perhaps of some general resurrection day which niever comes. They wote away and another tenant comes, who follows the enamplo which h-t been set by., his pre decesor. lThus dubriu and-dust; and the umwhole somenes tint comn withtthem ahPcmuiunlate. Thereis nothing more abasd that this practice of hoarding up trash. The attic of a honus should be kept as clear as possible from all articles which are not of psitire value, in order that it may be freely dusted and swept like any other portion of the house. A? single woollen garment or old wool lihat may alone bring moths suough to infest a whole house if left I neglected in the garret. : Lctattica be kept clean and cellars dry if you expect to live in a wholesome. honeuse. - - seruso Parmcsrns-Gsauss REctrFs.-Pears in vinegr: Winterkrgamont'or other small pears mus~t be peeled smonoth, leaein on the stems, and either left bhole or il-red and the kernels taken out. To every pound of pears allowut half a pint of vinegar, fz?n. of sugar, a atekof ciansioman,and a dozen clores. Bail these ingredients a Ifew minutes, then lay in the pears, and let them itumer till a pin goes estly through them, but not long enough Sto sofien them. Take out the pears, drain them on a siere, and lay them in the jars. Bolil down the syrup thicker,. ani when cold pour it over ! the frnit. Slhould the syrrp become thin in a few i dars, boil it orer again. Quinee cakes: Boil the i quincess whole, without peeling them, till quite soft; then peel and core them. Work thle pulp through a coarse sievre. Allow tlb. of segar to lib. of fruit. M oisten the suigar with alittle unter, and boil it until beads form; then put in thile fruit, and boil this,swith constant stirring, to a Etiff, smooth ism. Matke httle traysv of white paper, fill them half an inch thick with the fruit, and put them to dry in r cool oven, or spread the mass out thin on plates, and when somewhat dried set tChem to get cold. Cut the fr::it into any small shalpes. ThoIse dried on paper are removed tvby dipping the paper into cold water. Qui:ce jelly: Choose quinces thait are quite ripe and yellow, wsrh and rwipe, but do not peel them. Slice themi and taLe out the kerneltsi. put the slices in an earthen priesrtrnz pan, shake, and press them down; pour in boilin water, enoughl barely to corer the fruit, Lbil it -untlil the rleour deepens and it Sbee-als quite soft, then spour it into a jelly bag, or press the fruit throuih a napkin and fine Esieve. In either case the iuce isnuit be filtered three times, till it rlns quite c!ear: llthen add ilb. of sugar to llb. of juice, and bail until it thickens to a clear syra,. and f,:-ims a hanuinr nctrork on a silver spoon dipped in, F;i small] glas, e, nd tic them over the next day. Jut:evrcn-A gentleman wsith a griervance. A inguliat Iof rief acomplli.-ltIento. S :u u?sanmy idyl when I roced, LIy ideal when I won; 3i5 idol when in after years, \ idLU sthe anhado 