? A DAT IN THE COUNTRY.- By David '.Christie Mujuray- His name was Brown-S" 11^' 1 —h e wrote it-with a hyphen, api was hurt wJien people iii famil-M' converse neglected to mark yQat ^act — J- Brown Smith. He f^s a poet, uot a very fine one perb-ps, 1,126 certainly not a very bad oi^- Years o£ practice had given hi'' the literary trick, which goes ra ore than an uuinstructed pe° 011 would be apt to fancy, and ho a good heart and an uniiffect-d ' ov ° f° r tilings beautiful an-'S'^cioHs. He wore a slouched bat - a d a Ion;* paletot-, and sported a russet beard and a moustache, so Mat lie looked rather like a brigand out of business, until his mild and beneficent eye betrayed him. He was generally to be seen with the amber stem of a big mem-sham pipe between his Hps, and he talked a good deal in a hnrniless way about Bohemia. When he had been younger Bohemia had had an actual existence, bat Brown-Smith lived ill the lights and shadows of a. day which bad "for some time departed, and was faithful to traditions which were scorned by the majority of his compeers. He had boon in love, probably more than once in his time, but once a." least. He had been already niiddlca^ed when lie had made his final clioiiv, and now his temples were jji-iz/led, mill I ljf.M'l' WL'l'l'. 111! was bald on top, aud of silver in the russet lKMi-a. 'riii- lady on whom be bad Ill-nldWl'fl llis ali'ertions had been hut hull' liis age, mil li.nl elected to marry ;v llllH'll yoHHLJ ;or man. Brown-Smith |>ropof-iUil lo h •n she had been a month engaged, and, learning the (ruth, went a.vay sorrowful, and made his verses his wife, and the cronies of bis club his family circle. It befell upon ail autumn liiurnin that the breath of a, dying year pu him in mind of the country as he s.-i in his London lodgings, and awoke craving in his mind for (lie sight of yellowing frees and misty pastures. H very hod v he Icnlw lived in town, and of late years, though lie wi-ot great deal about rural things, he had hardly seen (he country at all. Hi hated "onsl ihitional walks am] jour neys without a purpose, and for r while he i-ould think of nowhere tr go to. But on a. sudden he. bethought him of his old sweetheart, who was settled fifteen or sixteen miles away from London, and he fancied that it would not be an unpleasant thing f go down and look at her abidu) place. He had no idea of calling upon her, or intruding himself in any way. His clumsy ami futile courtship was now a matter of ancient history, and the probabilities were that he was long ago forgotten. He had a notion that, in one way the theme might be fruitful. His muse of late ltacl been n little sterile, and perhaps the journey might- prove to have a set of verses in it. That is the way of poets, and, indeed, of men of letters •,-enera]. Any little tlowor of emotion we may grow goes to market, and more or less consciously nurtured to that end. When we have been long at the business we arc market gardeners pure and simple, aud grow rose, lily and forget-me-not side by side with niandragora and the deadly hellebore, culling them and arranging them into bou'|iiets to suit the fashion or fancy of the moment. Brown- Smith arose, donned the sombr. ro and the long paletot, saw to it that his tobacco punch and Britanuia-iuctal fusee box were well stocked, aud walking into flic street, hailed a hansom. That was his constant habit. If ever he went further away from home than to his club, which was just round the corner, he went in a hansom. He hated railway-carriages and omnibuses, and if he by rare chance tried to go anywhere on foor he sue.ceeded only in losing himself, and had finally to call on a cabman tc extricate him from the London maze He had a handsome income of his; own : indeed, i£ he had had a bend for business, instead of rhyming, he might have been a wealtbj' man, and this was his sole extravagance. Ho was scarcely seated when the poetic spring began to show that it -wasi wound up, and, whilst the cab clattered down AYellington-street and over Waterloo Bridge, the poet began to manufacture verses :— Cabman, who pliest in the roaring Strand; Sleepily pliest in the autumn weather, Pause, at the signal of my waving hand, And let's away together. There at least was a beginning, and it hit the feeling of the moment. The measure, as the practised in sucli matters will observe, lends itself to gravity or gaiety, and the bard might glide from either to-either, and might ramble along in sleepy musings- between whiles. He got a verse in embryo out of a crowd of little children who danced about au organ, on top of which a misanthropic, ape scratched the hind- quarter of disdain with the hand of dejection. Thou in due time tbe lines of houses broke and scattered, and the cab ran between green fields. The poet filled and lit his pipe, and straightway the poetic spring, a-ave another whirl:— Lord i how the flavour of that first fusee Blends With- the .grateful smell.of. trodden grasses. And how-i-iov-iiievery leafy tree . Thehansomvpasses.! - - - Then, .lie -was.-conscious ol: his old s i sweetheart'-B-^Mses ftSte^ilooked-iii^Btthnn like -an . actual -bodily presence.. •V) d uip l'sed hnn Another vei e ctoo quite natuiallj, nid othei flowed ea rly ffiffcei it though lie give them rTiil LI -I ^.di jngeuuou 1am perhaps, con i3ei n<* the liu me •which took him afield dihat^jnoiu ng "Wit" Glaae Sweet piaie £To TiouglrUiE t- yourf ji g"ht e^cs, V * ijas^-touclied anyyanemoi. i, fp "ulf a lAndmiow'ghojv jfast »"witli what. ^veets " js. ^--sucjpiise J s^ jt cfr^, ^ lEhe," neieg^Sustei $ *Sr SfeUffi Uoiitj). t aadWfems x SfiX^B 111 1 \ j of all geihc i i f f u ^ y\ ei =e 1 1 tnc i the fit tics i one 11 ni* 1 was going out, of motive? aforethought, to look at his old ;: sweetheart's house. Perhaps, if he had formed no such purpose, he might have chosen another measure, and another method of expression. But, in the circirmstances, if he must touch his-ghost'at all, perhaps it was well not tovlay- a, finger of too much stress upon it. It 6lept, and had slept for many years. It would hardly pay to do more than half awaken it. He went on with his verse spinning, and in a dreavy, half-regretful way was happy. He did not often say a .humorous thing, but his whole turn of mind was humorous, aud he had never dared to take himself too seriously. Once in a way he had given his whole soul to a woman, but she bad never cared for him, and he had been sent out of ber presence with a sore heartache, which had faded away little by little into a tranquil regret with a sense of romance around it. These melancholies of the middle aged are not unpleasant. The journey came to an end, and the cabman pulled up quite naturally at a publichouse of the better sort, rind Brown-Smith was welcomed at the door. Could he have luncheon there by and serve. A little cold'ineat and a. salad % That would do. Their home-brewed was greatly esteemed in the neighbourhood, the curtesying landlady assured him. He would essay a glass at once, and so would the c.abmau. The cabman being appealed to, touched the brim of his iiat, and expressed a husky preference [or something short. " Two of gin, if you please, ma'am." The bard di-a.uk his beer meditatively and slowly, and lilled bis pipe anew. He had meant to inquire of his old sweetheart's whereabouts. That was a simple thing enough, but the presence of the cabman somehow made it difficult, and when the driver had withdrawn with instructions to stable and r.vd his horse, and get a snack for himself in the tap-room, it seemed too late to proffer the inquiry. Brown-Smith was shy, in fine, and had a fear which he himself confessed ridiculous, lest the sentimental character of his errand should be known lie wandered out a little disconsolately into the lane. It. was high noon, hut there was an autumn mist abroad, and autumn gossamer, clogged thick with congested frost drops, showed everywhere in the hedges. The lanes were carpeted thick with fallen leaves, and an earthy odour rose from them, remindful of hundred memories, all more or less of a mildly sentimental kind. Except when the poetical watohspring sethis internal works agoing, and the poetic musical-box sounded its pretty little imvard tunes, Brown-Smith the main, a mildly cheerful person. But to-day, what with the train in which his thoughts had started inth morning, and his propinquity to his old sweetheart, and the signs of lovely decay everywhere about, he grew to feel actually downcast and dejected All the mistakes of his life rose up before him, all its failures aud follies He felt forlorn and old, and life in general seemed to be a very bitter business. In this melancholy mood he wandered on, until it occurred to him that he had made half-a-dozen aimless turnings, aud had no idea of his present whereabouts. He got lost in his favourite London once a week but there he had always the ubiquitous cabman to appeal to. Here there was nobody. The lane in which he found himself was just wide enough for the passage ofau ordinary vehicle, and was so walled in by thick leaved hedges, and so arched over by em bracing boughs, that the foggy gloom of the day was doubled, and onlj* a damp and mournful twilight illuminated his surroundings. The silence and the solitude suited the mood into which he had allowed himself to fall and, since he had made it a lifelong practice to surrender himself to his own fancies, he found it easy to give way to this. He arranged his lou<_ paletot so that he might take no damage from the . moist grass, aud, sitting down upon a grassy bank by the roadside, took the russet beard in both hands, and sat staring at the bank opposite like a model for a statue of a poet in reverie Somebody might come by to guide him in a while ; if not, no matter. Just as he had arrived comfortably at the conclusion that there was nothing in the world in which it was worth while to be for a moment interested, ho was recalled to .his honest, natural self by the merest trifle of an incident, iu the progress of which he immediately became absorbed. " This way, gentlemen, if you please," said a Voice at once .suave and business - like The poet turned, and looked across his shoulder in the direction of the voice. Just where hp sat : 'thei% 'was a slight gap in the .-iiedije -r- aim^iie; eyelet hole, large enough to afford hi in an unre^tricted;.yiew,%ut?sqfs that the hedge effectually -ecncea.lfcd his presence. He-saw befoi-e hi pretty little garden, a snioo.ihrshaven lawn aud a small and unpretentious residence of the cbttage- yina. order. -Prom its door emerged a bustling gentleman in a white : Jia't, carrying: u notebook, in one hand aiid a-;pencil-in the other. He .was followed by .-somehalf-dozen men in .various" stage.s'lof dirty flushbess. 'who.had each.'and alt -bea-dy e^es and red lips aud thick : hoolod nose and who each earned: i-n-:one hand a pamphlet, and J inJ't}ief iOthei a pencil -The baid immediate"': 1) lecognised these 3 gentlemen asl I> okeis and he Jme'?c~wii7ioii'fcj®\4! •planatioii that a .sale of^.househqld;; •effects ti is^ gomg^pii^nn^ Iretired-latfleivilla t/"3glhe^maS^ri i-mhaiejAat-^ tniiMle of-Tthe Bafef&y;^g^^^feufeeii } ou c tno ne-u | Sfonioll'emTijlg^f .-spade andVh'oiv' v d fet^B^SlemejiglfS 1 M " O.b, gentlemen, gentlemen J" cried, the auctioneer, and became iiuent, b almost passionate,' in lahicla-fcoiry h criticism of the. articles.-offerbd for sale. His voice took a tone of pathetically remonstrant indignation. Ten. shillings ! Oh, realty, really, gentlemen ! Let us be reasonable." Another thick - nosed gentleman soared so high into the air of pure reason as to increase -the bid by sixpence. The auctioneer expostulated. The goods were being thrown away. He was there to sell without reserve, but it was grievous and hardly to be borne that the things he had to offer should be knocked down at prices so far below their real value. 'The Hebraic crowd listened to his diatribes with a dreary patience ; but nobody offering a further bid for the garden seats, various, and the rest-, the lot was knocked down, aud the Svhole party, headed by the auctioneer, meandered back to the house again. This little episode had inspired the unsuspected onlooker with a variety of emotions, and after the manner of his tribe, he had profoundly pitied half - a - dozen imaginary persons before the scene was over. His bardic bosom had been fired -with KUOl-n .-for - ):! c Jj t-uaiul of molloj L", gi-ulibers banded together'to take advantage of the straits of the widow and the fatherless ; but when the curtain had fallen on the trivial act, he fell Into a dejection more mournful thau before, and gazed at the ivycovered porch of the small villa as if he read iu it a decree of mysterious and all-embracing doom. As he looked, a small boy—a boy of five, or thereabouts — came out, nursiug a puppj) smooth-haired, pot-bellied, helpless canine infant of a month or two. The boy, a sturdy little fellow, was evidently labouring under a sense of injury, which he did his best to conquer. He walked resolutely towards the poet, as if he had him in view, aud plumping down on the wet grass within two yards of him, hugged his burden to his breast with a gesture so emphatic that tbe puppy uttered a yowkof remonstrance. At this the child released liim, and the pup, iu infantine glee, began, with a totteriug jocundity, to charge about tbe lawn, and to bark with a pretence of valour at imagined intruders. He was of the age at which dogs learn to bark, and was obviously proud of his newly found accomplishment. When he had sufficiently asserted his own importance, and had expressed with especial vehemence his opinion of the people then within doors, he returned to liis childish companion, aud tumbled over him in an ecstaey of fawning affection. The boy gathered him up again in a loose armful, and began to cry silently, but at this instant, a jeering call broke in upon his solitude, and the poet, peering through the leafy screen, saw a mean boy, a repulsive boy, with a face freckled all over like a toad's back, who had thrown one leg over the garden wall something less than a score of yards away. " Yah !" said the freckled boy, " -who's being sold up ?" At this the eyes of the infant with the puppy glittered suddenly, aud his tears ceased. He clinched his milk white teeth, aud put both arms about the puppy. "Who's being sold upV the repulsive boy repeated. " Tali!" He detached small pieces of mortar from the top of the wall and threw them at the object of his derision. Then, emboldened by tbe absence of retort, for he was obviously, at the first glance, a boy who loved to deride iu safety, he threw the other leg over the wall, and dropped stealthily into the gardeu. Then, having assured himself by observation that his way of retreat was clear, and that, if need were, he could scale tbe wall before the enemy reached him, he threw a stone, and finding that that elicited no retort, he grew still bolder, and ventured forward. He was au older boy than the rightful occupant of the lawn, and topped him by three ungainly inches. " Tali!" he said again, for he was a boy unfertile in resource, " who's being sold up ?" The little chap with the puppy was breathing hard, aud to Brown- Smith's eye looked lilrely to be dangerous. The poet had half a miud to steal silently along the lane until lie found the gate, then to enter, and effect at least a momentary modification in the sentiment of the boy with the freckles. Taut he was a shy mail, and contented himself with watching. The mean boy, quite secure by this time, stood over the object of his scorn, and goaded him still further. "They've got the pup in the catalogue." . "' ''.. - At this.the- smaller hoy started .to. his feet, hugging his Imiden " No they liav en't," he said defiantly, but yet with atiemoi of doubt :Tps .they3i»ye, thqiighy' .saidv.'^lffefreckled boy. .' IMiey're going " to sell him. Not as he'll fetch.much. '.-Tali 1 Ton liabe. got to be haid up befoi e you'd'sell .a-pup ffi ... . • : Then the pup md ihe'baid and the iboy-w.vtlvithe-freekles'were-vall-simuU tanepul^ft^ta^tlpd... The pup was whirled'wildly.iii air, t.he freckled boy was spiitteil.'wlth. e^ on : the vei'j'..tip 6f• his. .j'eering :;noso.. andiSipglftilc^ ti iinplal Soul ' ivi'sc ,ihd the fe^iaiit tiemble The freckled boy vi as jieti •v aliaiitm fight, but lie was lobust of : lung He yelled manfully, aud Jnsf sci earns bi ought out an excited nuise : •gul 1 m a^-whiil o£ flounces ^ J Look -nTaat youl Bob s done 3 said? the chastised toimentoi^ His noscS was bleeding,,and irom spectacle Jie pj^^nJ.ed'-tliei e w as too JinoJ\ mg | viihat'iin]inySlie J had leceived i ; " iMlNiW! \- - - ~ ,, lie irai se l 3 ea^-wfvjli 5 mClieillam^ooal J® a ihc-^d s i Jio c t c cniotion 1im\di jIltiI > ad J oi o^^^^S? i toni hment md ^^Stred^mffiEg to hifa ph> ma L ^ ^ ^ " They shan't sell you," said the r I won't let them' sell you. -Tou a doiie anything to. be. sold,, s have you, Tiny?" Look hero, I'll, go " a^vay anil be a cabin boy. I'll tiike' p you with me, and then they can't sell m you." : ; . T He tossed the puppy on the ppse,. b nnd set. out, hot with. deter.nin:itioii. Brown-Smith arose with intent to' S meet the-child at the gate and soothe . injured honour with the planter„of a s new half-crown, bright fjourtjierminji, a which he happened to carry in his i purse. But, "before lie bad gained the gate, the boy was in the lane, running as fast as his sinall legs would carry him. " He won't go foi 1 ," said the poet to himself, aud refrained from quickening his own pace, lest he should frighten him. After a burst of thirty oi- forty yards, the adventurer fell into a jog trot, and from- that into a walk. But the walk was..dogged and ..full, of purpose. The -poet would not have been a poet if be .had not remember-' ed his own childhood. He, too, had risen, though many years ago, aaainst abuse and tyranny, "witti oi soul that,flamed with all the-"-passion;, or 'Kosciusko. " If all good men, so Brown - Smith mused, wistfully watching the little figure before him, kept the childish courage aud the childish hate of tyranny the world would have had smooth going for the weakest long and long ago. " We degenerate," said Brown- Smith. " The Hampden of five is a trimmer at five and tweaty. The infant Cromwell grows up to vote at the order of a Caucus." The boy walked ou, and Brown- Smith followed him, recalling a certain experience of his own, when he too had, at the premature age of five, rushed to face the world. He had endured for some ten minutes, and he looked for the same rapid cooling of heroic intent in this case. The boy in front however, held steadily on for a mile. By this time he had set down the puppy, who frisked irresponsibly at his heels. The poet began to feel liis long paletot oppressive, aud dis-einbarrassiug himself of it, threw it over his arm. What thoughts filled the child's mind beyond the rooted sense of injustice and resolve it would be difficult to tell, but he pegged away at his best pace, looking neither to left nor right, for a full hour. Brown- Smith admired his energy aud determination, but began to hope that they would be of brief duration. On a sudden, the puppy, after a frantic burst of high spirits, lay down panting in the road, and refused to be allured or commanded further. In the end, the child took him up again; but, in spite of anger and resolve, he was already growing weary, and when he had covered another hundred yards, he sat down upon a bank by the roadside to rest. The poet smilingly approached him and sat down. " That's a nice pretty little dog you have there," he said, by way of opening the conversation. The child looked shy, and returned no answer. " Do you think he would make friends with me ? Let Jqs see ? He's jftired, I fancy." / _ Brown-Smith's voice was naturally gentle, and his face was friendly and inviting. The child and th.e puppy, with the intuition natural to their several states and ages, trusted and believed in him at once. " And where are we going to, my little man 1" The boy huug bis head at this query, aud answered, nothing. " Aren't we rather a long way from home ? Do you know, it strikes me that if we go much further we shall lose ourselves. Don't you think we'd better be going back again ?' r Ko answer still. The boy fondled the head of the pnp as he lay in Brown-Smith's lap, and looked' np once at Ms strange companion "Dpn't you, think," asked Brown Smith, hazardingguess, "that mamma will be -likely to miss you ?" "She's gone away," said the child "Betsy says, she isn't coming back again J " How, do you know," said the poetj with au air of weight and gravity " I don t believe m Betsy's 1 think- it very likely that mamma s at home this minute. • I don't hnoiv, mind -you. I only say I think it yery Iikely- Suppose we go and sec.' "• She iwent, -away - this morning,' the child answered. There was catch iii liis voice, and the resolute corners of his mouth began to.droop i Jittle "She -» ent an ay befoi e the sa'le,-0.ud Bet5ysays she's-uever worn ing back tigaiii.'' \- 'J^L. - "We v,on't iaouble oui lieads about Betsy," said the bai d, with an an of weightiei decision than betoie " Betsy's talking nonsense, e\ idently Why, bless youi soul," he continued, m a voice iltogethei convinced and intimate, "I daiesiy I'm twice as old as you ai e —i;hi ee times peihaps —and /ne-\ei lieai d of such a thing The idea of mamma going away and' never coming back again 1 Why, that is obviously preposteious Perhaps you don't know wliat it is io be -obviously . .preposterous . r ' : But ^hen a -tiling is obviouslj preposterous, people always Hugh at it I know that, because I have been ob\ lously picposreious myself, and people lm e laughed it me " This-mild -]oke tickled him little, and 1 ^ """ 1 'ndi-" K uirou- '••a' 1 .opened his heait and made laughter easj He laughed gaily, md his infant chnge Uughed^also The iinp sat ii'p m /the Ijaidblap, mdib u]ceS| foi companv r Why, thell'ttle dognlanghs ^(Psecj fun,,! Biowj^Smitli contiuuSfe H>e\nows whenrl^th-mg 13 ob\Jausly pteposteiou -j fenH^W- ffdoggTe \ Wh^Tvpui^mef oll^llowT ^ His 11 line's VIim, said It 11 f f a s ouite g oolstfl "J o- " I 1 1 I 1 1 I P A 1 lh ? 0 1 t 1 it\ T '1 ) t-ss'^sa tt ^13 0 a n Sn ti ® lei uJT I touiafttll u lot o^ J01 t**i 0 le t ^ 0® ^ " T t J ^ i r i ^ It^l q^tl I J o 11 it n oijthJ3io j^Snlhj a eputdti injn^l t i!jJjs.1ipS % If £» s that jd Bob ias casilj "SoiApJ-i^i S T " £ ^ h 1 " You know this little gentlem -11 ?' Brown-Smith asked of the landlord. " I've seen him afore," the land- of- Jiis -owjiTsIiortiand simple Papa,-it.seems,-hail- died ever w long ago, when Bob Tvas little. s Less than-i -ani 'uow," lie said, explanatorvlyj' y -"Mamma, of- course, wa.s l 'They lived, at 'the a He could give her a local c bnt no name. "Are you ever hungry? " Brownl a demanded. " 1 am." y He thought of the cold meat and ordered now two honrs ago; liis' inner man yearned it the " We passed a nice place live minutes back. A place that looked to my mind as if it had milk and biscuits in it. Nbt at all .an' xthlilcely place for cake, I should fancy. There might even be plum i-ake there. I knew a place of that sortonce, where they, had plum cake with ; frosted. sugar on. 'jtlie t,op7~-frosted sugar as thick as that, upon my word of honour." He held up .his thumb inilljistration. "That's not a thing to be looked for every day/' he hastened to add, "'but. still it might be there. .Suppose wesgojaiiid-see, eh ?" . The immediate resolution toreseape from il.e tyrannies of Betsy; and to become, a. cabin . bov, made, i tself -ai r did vision. Bob, i-esuming charge of the -puppy, was' hoisted on to Bvown- Smitli's shoulder, and- presently the two invaded a tidy roadside inn, where, as good fortune would have it, plum cake and milk were actually obtainable. The poet himself sat down to beef aud ale, and rejoiced wholesomely above them. lord answered. " His mother's a widow. She lives about three mile from here. I did hear as she was to be sold up to-day." " Have you sucli a thing as a trap handy ?" asked the poet. "I should like to drive him home again." The landlord had a trap, aud in ten minutes it was ready. " Drive to Mrs. Barton's, Jim," cried the landlord, and Brown-Smith started at tbe name, aud evcu paled a little. The old sweetheart, about whom lie had been spinning verses all tbe morning, bore that name. It was hardly likely that tliere were two Mrs. Bartons in the same outlying village. It was by no means an impossible thing that there shinld be two, but to his mind it seemed improbable. Was his old love really a widow, and iii distress ? And could it be really her child iu whom he had taken a passing and kindly interest 1 He scanned the bo^'s face with a new eye, and even thought he read some likeness to her features iu it. That might be 110 more than fancy, but it was enough to set his heart fluttering. That organ had so long been quiet that its mild disturbance seemed almost volcanic to him. He had never dreamed that anything would touch it again in this world. If the old Clara of liis dreams were really free He sat on thorns through the brief journey, and answered the boj-'s prattle at absent random. Suddenly tlie trap turned a corner of the lane, and the gate was in sight. Nurse- .maid Betsy, was there, witli a slight figure in grey lieside' £er.' "' Tliey botli turned at the sound of wheels, and the boy sang out "Mamma ! " in a rejoicing treble. The poet raised his hat, aud blushed like any schoolboy. " Mrs. Barton," he said, as the trap came'to a standstill, "I found your little boy some distance away frotn here, arid I was afraid he might be lost, I have brought him back to you." He alighted, and lifted the cliild to the ground. The young widow wa.s pale, and looked-as if she had knowntrouble. She was embarrassed, too; and accepted the poet's proffered, hand with a shyness which, as lie thought, became her very prettily. The ten years which had elapsed since he ha:d: seen her last had- left her girlish still,.and lie- thought how .wonderfully: little she had- altered. The old-roses- would come baek with prosperity- and happiness.. He was 'amazed to find himself as much m " We have not met for a' long time,' he said. . "No," she answered. "It is a long tunc since we met. You are a little changed; I think." "Ami?" he responded. " I dont feel changed at all." Here he remembered the hostler, and dismissed him with a fare whihsent off that simple fellow m aston lslnneuf JNPuisemaid Bctsv, milder under the miteinal eye than when free of its 'eontrolbng influence;.badled the child av, ay The happy puppy alone lemained as a witness to the inteiview, and he looked fiom one to the other with au inquinng sagacity, much as if he had expected things to'take this turn so fai, and weie mteiested m the denouement "J came down," saldBrown-Suiith, . : '':on ^pur-pose -to - have v ai jook; at -the. place you lived m I "hope you don't think that a libelty " « She gave one "buef glance at him, and loweied hei tyes "IJeaui that you aie lonely Claia, and 1 im afiaid fiom what I lia-\e seen md heaid to day that jou vce not too w ell to do Excuse me, I am an old fueud jou know, tudT was a In ijs clumsy If )ou. could let m6 help you, C)na, ' TTe clnppfd +1ipip Tint d li mg -to spcal all Ills mind at once | Ilwe a place to go to slie au? s^ered -- Some fuends of mine have.i rioliad TaB f a situation * ~ s jJDon't "'^takeC it, Glaia ' OflU"Smith = itu|5ulsi vely ^ j, i "wfiSt else 1 - is,befoi e " me" s slie rdn^tnessl T 1 " f bW" "A true bill,"" said 'the poet. He as so bright and smiling, and in pite hi J lnsgrizzled temples-doobed so. oung again, that," for the time at east, the last-ten years- of : ' heartache, nd of loneliness .;ii)iglit, have ,:bfife'n' lean w.iped-naway: -from, him.- - The ittle widow was smiling too, gravely nd tenderly, and the roses of her outh -were back again. " I say," s ud Mastei Bob, boldly, dividing the poet's beard aud'iiodk-ing up. at-him. "I told you' what'my name was. .- -What's, yours ?" 'Mine?" asked 1 the poet. "I am papa." ":'Js .that. true,, mamma r" " Yes," said the little widow, takg the )?oy from his- protector's knees : and hiding her flushed face against liis'cheek. V'Tt's quite' true." ..-.".Well;",.said Bob, with an accent of -decis!opV ,: " i-icall'••^that -jolly." 