ORIGINAL POETRY. JOHN MeDOUALL STUART, OR ADELAIDE'S DEBT AND DUTY. [By G. F. Chinneu.] .Listen! ye wtio would De patriots, lovers ot your native land, Who would see a new-born people in the van of nations stand! For the lords of bat and baseball, and of oar, we raise huzzalis— Shall we fail to laud the brave one3 who for us received their sears ? Israel's leader bade them pile on Jordan's banks the dripping stone3, There to stand a silent witness to the ages when the bones Of the rearers long had crumbled. Athens, n her classic days, Gave, in lines c-iigraved by sculptor, immor tality to praise. Home, to patriot, sage, and warrior, sought her lasting debt to own By adorning fane and forum with biographies in stone. How the great republic honored Cneus doth not History tell? For the mighty Oesar, murdered, nigh to Pompey's statue fell. From the monolith, rose-tinted, thither to Tamesa borne, Down on argosies of nations, Mizraiin looks to-day with scorn. And, to human greatness giving veneration that is meet, Art has filled with forms of beauty park and square and busy street— Object lessons—where the millions press and struggle to and fro, Where the tides of men and women, inter mittent, ebb and flow; Kindling thought and high ambition, bidding strangers question "Why?" Giving wings to fame, and touching springs of life which hidden lie; Sowing, mid the toiling masses, Emulation's fruitful seeds. There to germinate in daring and in doing kindred deeds. Yonder stately sister city, whence two fateful heroes bailed; There has raised a proud memorial of a band that nobly failed, And shall we, from him who conquered in the long protracted-strife, Back withhold the victors'guerdon, which were his, had not his life, Sorely sapped, and fiercely stricken into help lessness and pain, From the border-land of dying slowly turned to us again! Still refuse the bushman tribute, who by patriot ardor sent, Drave, for us, the wedge of Knowledge through the unknown continent! Broke the spell so long unbroken ; tore the mystic veil aside Fearless, trod a trackless region long to Saxon foot denied. Born where, as a maid, demurely, from a rashly proffered kiss, Turns her face, cold Scotia turns Apollo's ardent buss to miss; Nature in her South Land found him, and her future master nursed, Eoughly nursed, withTiard and rude hands, till in knowledge he was versed; Knowledge of her moods and manners, her austere but kindly ways, For a score and two of summers in the long unclouded days. By the winter's camp fire taught him; soothed him with her forest song. With the voice of bush and scrub "land, and of swamp and billabong; Filled his fancy with fair visions; fed his brain with brilliant dreams, When the stars, from heaven stooping, touched his eyelids with their gleams; Trained him in her school of hardship, when beneath the flag of Sturfc, In the drought's great desolation: thus, his loins for service girt; Smote him with her lurid dustsfcorms; bronzed his face with rays of flame; Till the day_ that found him ready for his great achievement came— Till the hopes of our Australia for the coming days he learned, And the fires of one great purpose deep within him glowed and burned: Of an eager, wistful purpose, the recesses to explore Of a wild and trackless region, dimly stretched from shore to shore, Overhung with clouds of mystery, haunted with a Gloomy spell, Wear y zone of drought and sandrift, whence there came the breath of hell— Breath at which the scanty herbage sickened out of sight and died; Whc-rd with' scorching feet stalked Summer, brazen-faced and lidless-eyed. Perils realand horrors fancied Stuart dauntless faced and met: There to pitch his tent, whence driven was his chief, his heart was sot; Obstacles whose swelling measure we have lost the means to gauge In the faded after-knowledge of a more luxu rious age. Thrice to earth he threw the gauntlet; thrice essayed the task in vain; Thrice withdrew repulsed, but quailed not; undeterred, he tried again; Though the tidings of disaster on his ears ill omened fell As lie bade the hill-girt city of the south and friends farewell. Then he forced from Earth her secrets—secrets she reluctant yields Only to the royal foeman who a tempered weapon wields. Through the lone land, sternly, slowly, scarred and smitten day by day, With elect and loyal comrades, he, the leader, urged his way; Where red Helios, like a Gorgon with the fabled serpent-hair, j Turned the sand-waves into granite with a petrifying stare. j Where the treaeh'rous cruel Serab limned its scenes in colors fair— j Pictures cf Elysian beauty, fugitive as globes of air— | And with phantom lake and islet, painted in : refracted beams, Lured to death, and then eluded, like the ghost of evil dreams. And a Minotaur, more deadly than the mon- ! ster Theseus slow i In the labyrinth of Minos helped by Ariadne's ' clue, ; Had, in solitary mazes of the wilderness, its • lair, Where its victims perished, maddened, in the i tumults of despair. I Thrice and thrice the crescent floated in a burnt sienna sky. Thrice again they saw it faintly on the breast of evening lie; Till at length the ocean breezes fanned their faces from the north, And there came, from lungs exhausted, feeble bursts of cheering forth. j Through the wilds, hurrahs re-echoed, as the small and struggling band ! Heard the wash and hollow thunder of the ' waves along the strand: Till they saw, their paces quickening, through the trees, the sapphire sea, ° j And exultant plashed the waters, childlike, in ' excess of glee. I None were there to give them greeting: in the : offing loomed no sail; j Not a word of welcome met them; while two * thousand miles of trail, j Trail of steps to be retrodden, dotted out its weary length, Over which, their way retracing, they mu3t pass with 'minished strength. But the dream was now accomplished, so they flung their banner high, And with rev'rence breathed thanksgiving to the Lord of earth and sky. a Then, as Jason, back from Colchis, homeward bore the golden fleece, Southward, stricken, but in triumph, Stuart turned his face in peace, Back, pursued by Death's lieutenants, charged as those of Syria's king, "Eight with neither great nor puny, only dart and jav'lm fling At the monarch." Thus they pressed him, hardly, lion-hearted chief; Tressed till life were but a burden, till to die had been relief; Back, to patriots who had sent him forth upon his great omprize; To the town, whence, now, the fleet-winged message o'er his footprints flies; Where the tidings of all nations and the records of all trade, And the news of human progress daily at our feet are laid; To the city that forgets him, now to grace and beauty grown, Heaping harvests of advantage from the seed that thus was sown— Sown with such excess of courage, and such plenitude of zeal That the long-neglectful period cannot glory from him steal. As the limits of the unknown less and less must ever shrink, Back involved, the earth subduers from the face of life must sink; But the fruit of their endurance and denial must remain, Though the place is disregarded where their bene3 may long have lain. Though unhonored by his city, Stuart's act of high renown Places on heroic action, in this southern land, its crown; And in our Australia's records, rich in glowing entries, Fame Writes, abovea host of heroe3, John MeDonall Stuart s name. Was itkind? or was it cruel? that the hand of Death was stayed; That upon the fevered pulses cooling finger tips were laid 1 Kind or cruel, that ho did nob, in tho strifo, upon the field, Fall, like Burke and Wills; or suffer, Leichardt lilce, a fato that's sealed ! Who shall say! shall wo nob! doing duty waiting to bo done; Failing which, his country fails to honor a distinguished son. Doing which, when children's child von ask— " What mean ye by these stones "Thus," the fathers shall give answer, "Ade laide her giants owns." 