Olí Australian Beggars. [IiV JÎAMW-KIt.] Xorxr. as we are, as a nation, we lui ve acclimatised and domesticated the beggar. As truly as Italy has lier lazzaroni, Scotland her gaber lunzie, the United States the trump, and England the gipsy, so truly has Australia her familiar ^vagabond iiieiidicnnt, who is characteristic of the situation and " racy of the soil." "Who does not know the " Murrum- bidgee whaler,' whose favourite beat is up one side of the river and down the other, and who knows the records of the entire country-side even from the days before the diggings ? Be it remembered that " Murrumbidgee " (in the sense employed here) is not specific for the northern wnter boundary of Riverina alone, but is ¿jeneric for all Australian streams of «ny geographical note; mid our " whaler," on this showing, is as well known on the Darling and the NH moi «.is he is on the "Warrego, the Lachlan, mid the Murray. As a general rule, the "whaler" affects stations and station-tracks alone, being of the opinion that to bo well-known, even as a boggar, is better, in tho interests of mendicancy, than to be nameless and incog. To thc stations he cer- tainly belongs, by all the ties of old association, food, and shelter, as he is never tired of singing the praises pf the squatter, in cutting detraction of the selector. A fearful mid wonderful combination of portables is the "swag" of the typical old campaigner. It. contains nil his wants m tho way of wardrobe, bed- ding, and toilet, »nd its bulk and weight are simply portentous. A singularity about him and his tra vei- ling commissariat is that he is rarely, if ever, found without reserve sup- plies of Hour, tea and siigai1. Meat, it is true,' is sometimes wanting in Iiis peripatetic larder, hut ho is very quick to remind possible meat-pro viders.of this grave defect. "I have not tasted animal food for days," we have frequently heard him remark ; and if the hint on this head bo not sufficient to stir the proffer of the needed viands, he screws up courage to ask you " if you have such ti thing as a bit of beef. or mutton to give a poor fellow on the track." There is no doubt that, in very ninny cases, tho whaler likes whaling ; is at home, so to speak, in a begging, roaming career; would be nonplussed and disgusted were you to offer him a " bit of a job." It is a rule with him and his .order to talk ad vauxvum about work; to complain lugubri- ously of the want, of work ; to speak a bout the prevailing scarcity of work ns a sign tliat the colonies are going to tho bod. But take him nt his word. Set him on to work, and you will be surprised nt the ingenuity with which ho will scheme out of it. He will, in the first place, striko for union' rates, or he has hurt his foot and is going to tho hospital, or he is junking for a job elsewhere. Tiri« appellation, " Whaler," conies from his very common practice of crimp- ing and fishing on the river banks his skill and patience in this line often standing him in good stead, ns ; ho generally contrives to sell or barter the fish ho cannot eat. It is noticeable, in respect to this class of beggar, that he has given up the time-honoured custom of " sundown- ing." Truth is, he has grown too bold for this little dodge. He now flatters himself with the illusion that he is a .son of toil, that, he is perambulating the country for the public accoimno-1 dation, mid that the dignity of labour, as represented by him, demands nt least a manly bearing and address in the full light of day. Of the "valiant beggar" we will now say a Avord or two. He likewise is in strong force in the colonies, albeit tho cheeky side of Iris valiancy most commonly conies to tho frönt. The Sydney larrikin is facile prin- ceps of this class of vagabond, and he , is hard to match, it must be confessed, in the desperate acts of effrontery and villany. If the Frisco hoodlum, the Western cowboy, and the Lon- don rough aro worse, than he, they are bad indeed. We often ask in wonder how this larrikin has come to pass? That he is the "spoilt child of Liberty," there is not the shadow of a doubt. Every trick and trait of him denotes the stranger to discipline. He would be simply im- possible iii a land of universal good mothors, good fathers, and of citizen soldiership. He -would be equally impossible in a land where the eoiir ditions of existence were hard and pitiless. He belongs naturally and, of course, to just, what we see around us on every side. When homes be- come homes in truth as well ns in raimó, when a wholesome discipline, even' if it be a military discipline, pervades all ranks of society and all the institutions oftho State ; when no ono shall be found foolish enough and base enouirh to admire nreco cious corruption ¡md savage con tempt for virkic, then, but not till then, Avili tho larrikin cease to mock at the civilization -which he injures ?with his presence, lint this paper lins to do with tho larrikin as a beg- gar. Now, to cut this matter short, the larrikin is simply a good beggar, because he is known to bc un incor- rigible thief. In other words the public "stump up" to hun (forgive the slang), beeauso the public knows only too well, by experience, that if they.do not give, he (the larrikin) most certainly will take. As a rough settler of the Socialistic problem, the larrikin is, no doubt a success ; for he ' takes good care, always and every .?j. -where, to make sure, by fair means or, foul, ol' his share (?) of the loaf. But,^as a specimen of the "rising \- race " is he not. a shocking example, ""thisp'ounp; cadger? How danger-' .' «us be is likewise V He not only "talks ? fight', but he is, in many cases, a trained' fighting niim; . In certain of the low pugilistic dens'in Sydney lias w ho learned the'Kporversiori' bf the ."?*' noble art ,qf ,',8eh;rde^ nrt. hoiis. very willing to* practise oh nil and sundry whom ho finds out to lie pugilistieally inferior to himself. But let ä- really good boxer turn up, and our half-bruiser, hnlf-rowdy, but whole larrikin .is commonly fouud to sing verj' small. There is no doubt that lonely unprotected places in the country districts sometimes stand in awe of this mendicant " larrikin, for he does not hunt in couples, but in di- oves, and his advent, in a body, to a sequestered roadside hostelry, is sometimes more to be dreaded than an attack of hungry wolves. These last we might shoot; hut wo have no license as yet, to shoot the deprecia- ting larrikin. The shearing always finds him in force. Just now he is A/c ct ubique. Stories of his threats, his raids, his blasphemy, his obscenity once more assail our ears. Can nothing be done with 'him or for him? Ts ho as inevitable as the return of the swallows? Will he never cease from the land? These are questions which must be answered by abler heads than that of your humble scribe. And here a highly pertinent enquiry arises :-Are we not, by n system of indiscriminate, reckless almsgiving, fostering and encourag- ing this and other species of insolent beggary ? As matters now stand, a man(?) may earn a good cheque, melt it at the nearest shanty, and straight- way cast himself with confidence on tho' bounty- of tho public. Nay, more, a man (?) may elect to be a. roamer, a cadger, a drone and a thief, and he may rely implicitly on the stupid sup- port of' his fellow-creatures in tho bush. The divine command runs : " If a man shall not work, neither shall he eat." Are we jjustified in being party to tho setting aside of this most reasonable mandato ? Shall fear of or pity for the larrikin and the loafer lead us to connive at his carreer, and hereby make ourselves partners in his guilt and condemna- tion. It is noticoablo that right minded working men of the wandei' ing class are beginning to see the evil and danger of a prömiscous, un- discerning charity to all and sundry of tho waifs nn(l strays of tho popu- lation, and are loudly expressing their mind in depreciation of such weak- ness. It is possible, as we all know, to make gaols too comfortable; hospitals too easy of admittance, and punish- ment itself too like a farce. It is also possible to dangerously soften mid sweeten the ways of vagabond trans- gressors; to put a premium upon indolence, vagabondism, and worth- lessness, and thereby to create and perpetuate a rnceof dastardly criminal paupers. But we have not yet exhausted the list of Australian beggars, and we will, in conclusion, give a brief sketch of tho resident bush beggar, who cadges, pilfers, and appropriates under the name of borrowing. In the bush it is entirely impracticable, if not utterly impossible, to literally live out the Shakcsperian adage: " Neither ii burrower nor a li'iulur bo !" Tho best of providers will sometimes run out of necessaries, and ono is absolutely compelled, upon occasion, to borrow from a. neighbour or bo destitute of indispensables. Hence, a custom and a .principle of " give and take" in remote settlements, which constitutes part of tho i-equisito order of well-being, and well-doing of the scatteredsociety. Butthere are those, un fortuna tely, who tra de upon this state of things, who take advantage of it to levy contributions on all the neighbours, who even have the impu- dence to cadge and squander the luxuries which you sparingly use, and borrow, borrow,borrow anythiiigand everything, whether they have a present need of it or not ! Of course, people are always going to pay. " As soon as our stores arrive, we will pay up to the last penny worth." . This is their invariable cry, and by riieans of this cry they lie in wait to deceive. The worst feature of this residentiary borrowing trick is that little childrcii are commonly employed in carrying it out. Who can resist an apparently ingenuous little boy or girl, when he or sho makes,the seeming-innocent appeal, "Please let mother have twenty-five pounds of Hour until father.goes to town for stores !" Nay, gentle reader, I have not been .victi- mised in this fashion, for the simple reason that Lani.a bachelor and a boarder and, therefore, keep no victimisable rations to tempt the cupidity of my very dear-emphati- cally very dear - neighbours. But my friends are the sufferers .by their abominable practices, and, on their behalf as well as for the edification of the public on the beggar question, I state these damning facts so common to bush life. Now, what is at the bottom of this residentiary borrow- ing ? Simply tho dirty pride of a. set of shabby genteel beggars ! They will not " dig," and to " bog" they are certainly not ashamed ! Above send- ing theil" daughters to honourable service, they .needs must live upon their neighbours in this disreputable fashion. Australia has a. seamy side, of course ; but she shows no uglier seam than tho spectacle of her motherhood and girlhood electing to beg, borrow and steal in preference to "labouring honestly to get their own living."-Maitland Mcviutnj. A JAPANESE NOTION OK PAHLIAMEXTAHY DUTY.-They hnvc not hmm long in posses- sion of ronstitntioiml government in Japan, ' and people ans exacting. A Radical member of the Japanese Parliament, who had dis- pleased hid constituents, recd veil from thom ii letter of reproof which contained some gems of counsel. They pointed out, among other things, that a politician should not he ii " water weed which wobbles hither nm! thither according to the motion of (he stream." "Isor should lie like n ghost without legs, drift along before the wind." They have a pretty just notion of political propriety, these Japanese.' A young woman wns recently discovered walking tho streets of Philadelphia in a stato of somnambulism. She was iu n night-dress. A'chain was dangling from one of her ankles. Shu WOB awakened-und' taken to her hollie'. Her' hlislmnil.wns. found' fast asleep' lu bed, and a eham'wVis'ldangling' from 'ono of ;his ankles. «sHe.knpw pf, ;lii8J.w,Ife!B dangerous h.W,N'iRrt tlio ,niiiu genemlty slerit togethbi chained hy the feet.1' Tho'wife hail'managed to unuouple the chain without awakening lier husband or herself. 