AT THE WATER. Assault on a Host. Lessons for Larrikins. Deserting His Ship— Travelling Without a Ticket — Do- ' mestic Jars- Charles Potter, not a very aggressive- looking young man, was alleged to have committed a savage assault ou tho licensee of tho Metropolitan Hotel, George- street, whilst under tho influence of beer, and wu3 deemed to have rendered himself indented to the State in the sum of £2, failing pay ment o'f which ho will retiro from public life for three weeks. A lad named Goorgo Weller was dealt with severely tor some abominable language. Captain Fisher fining him £3, in default two months' imprisonment. John Mulqueaney got seven days with out tho ghost of an option for riotous con duct. w Mary Graham was shown to have given utterance to filthy language, for which she was fined 40s., in default one month. " Yes, sir," laconically repliod an under sized party named Charles Masters, a sea man, tho grievance against whom was that lie had absented himself without leave from the Ophir. Tho sequel was seven days' gaol, Charles losing his unconcern altogether when ho heard the sentence. An old fellow named Charles Martin, with a weather-beaten appearance, was asked how it was that he had travelled from Newcastle to Sydney by the Namoi without paying his fare. Charles had rather an amusing defence. "I lit me pipe wid me ticket," he explained, but there was nobody present who saw the alleged incident, which reminds one strongly of Jugginses lighting cigars with bank notes. The magistrate fined Martin 2Us., levy and distress, "Have you any goods?" voci ferated the sergeant. "Yes," said Martin, as if ho had a mansion somewhere. The sergeant took a lino through Martin's ap- peuranco, and doubted his statement. As it turned out he was quite right, as Martin only had a few copper coins und a bit of tobacco. , Emma Harrington, a sharp-featured woman of about 30, was charged with having maliciously wounded her husband, By consont the charge was altered so that the accused was merely bound over in a surety of £30 to keep the peace for three monthB, failing which ono mouth's gaol. 