BETHLEHEM AND 'CHRIST fBy «»B«T. W. H. P. II&fiNGB.;] TherewetwOfJaoes in the land of Palestine that mtBBfe always be «f supreme interest to '? every Christian traveller— Bethlehem ana' - Calvary, *** Soene of 4be glorified manger and the scene of the uplifted cross. These places inarkifce termini of the earthly life of oar ; Ijord, like the piers fcf « great suspension bridge between which the structure descends to tte level -of humanity, and offers itself to slltihe press and etir of ^afly human lite, OrtrwSh of the firb epola as tradition has ; preserved Jthem ;» 'magnificent irirarch -was ereeted iniheftroifthoentBry ;$o recover these ?; ' nlatwi tn th6 Ohn«4ra.n Tfttth wsn £b«n!hiw*rrf 1 the firosades % : around -them have marched ton tenSng armies $ in them kings have' been solemnly crowned j to . them pilgrims from every qoarter -il Christendom stall jonr- ? ney ; and jttBt beeanse these -epotB aace the «enbre of the Scripture fnstbry they liave become the centre of another -3ycile of his6orioevenfe*ta^ainglhroughtheGhristi»n centuries. Yet Tiow disappointing to «very traveller past be a -visit to BeeiSehem or Calvwyi Tfaeplaoe-* ihe^rudifixioniBpraB fnlMrlih is filled with straggling superstitions-— ' little in other is edited to elevate or inspire Christian fail^i. Still in Befihfehem stands *he ; CJhBroh-S the Nativity erectedijy Helena; bat its glory has departed, -among the throng of - bedr^gieS ^Jgrims Worship is ^weQ- nigh im jnHfa^nip, ^While ^he lnhaoitante of the sleepy ?village ajoimd it e^rn a scanty Uv^ihpod by ' magnifying the TOst, and selling niwiiientOBS in ' stone or shell of ^ha Vendor which iras'^noe but -jan«ever be again. ''?? . Stifl in Jeruralem a Church of the Holy Sepulchre lifts its crumbling wftlls^bove the squalor of the streets : but travellers ctepute ; abotit the site, Buperefetion has replaced true -~ devotion, and oniesfei days €he broils of dis? ? -»rd!antpilgrimB»enderaS8 the most tmhsppy . Patestmeehaill beaaisappomtment to all who .- -would find room in Christianity 'for 'the Wor : «hip of bdy places and the erection of sacred ?] V local shdnes. ittpver 'that land oneBenkence. ''? Beems written— 'Taongh we have known -?-- Christ after the -fleeh, yet now hencaforlih know ws Sim no store.' That Bplrit whioa imagmeg that 'the iuTfe over which walked those blesaed feetf' are somehow nearerheaven *han other bills, that? vowmade in Bethlehem is more sacred than other, tows, that baptism in Hub ^oiilan, ls- zncwe 9xso&ptt;^ito ot eiQcxenJi thaaxjther baptism, that a pilgrimage through Galilee has more merit than other jpumeyS? 1 haa reoeived its rebuke by a eeriea at bistoricai events wWob we cannot r^arfl as fees tttan providential. He who concealed the body of Moses, leet it should become a sosrje to ancient Israel, bae by etqnn and ;carthqaik~e, by fire. ? andisword, jbyifiie tooth of time and; by sudden oonvuSsion so cbftnged _the faoa of Patestine ' ttiat nenSacmore . to an intelli gent Qhristjaroty can the ioly places be exalted above 'the Holy Ojne, nevermore joan * worship on iBi?s/moufatain or that be snbsta tntea fcii.. worship -in spnit and in tr^xth. Athens ancC^ome still keep dieir monumoits, on which Twi niay Tread their ancSsnt fife, thoqghfor aHhouBSid yeara the world lost all interest in classiolife and literature. JBntthat land in wbiehfedm the Christian ^aiul ao* ,..- ' there has been the keenest interest among all \- .-? inviUeed nations, where'thereTja? been every :v ; : anotive fori^e^rflBervatJon of «very aemsoto. -: ''? whose reujtis 'were lap^enred by kings and \-- - -thought to woikperperoal iufcacfes— fi»t4and \--'- lias soSesed xavages beyond all others. Its soil i,. has bean traiapled into mire by .invading armiep, its cities besfeged by Soman generala, \- its temgjes plundered by Turkish 'ht$ dee. ':-: xtnta we'.t^a «jarc?Jysayth*t a tree or stone Is left on Which Christ once looked. God has blotted out the i««mr»igafe of that ancient Itfe, lias draws, as it were, a sponge aoroes tiie surface of the once beaataful country.' list na zejofce that it is so. That Paiestanian life was but the theatre for the local manifestation of the Eternal Word. Lbaaliiies pass and customs coenge— but the Christ abideth Sot ' ever. We do notmeed' to «roas the seas to find Him. It may be easier to worehip Him in this chorea than if we stood now beneath the gnarled olives or gazed into the legendary manger at Bethlehem. But a man might say, 'It is true that to* day in the sleepy, Straggling village of Beth lehem we' find~no bint of the greatnefis of Jesus. 'Bat ?'we see iFin flecrepitcide aad'min. ' Could we have seen it once, or could we have looked on Nazare& in its glory, we should see bow such places could give birth to a Mes ,f aiata.' But were these villages famous cities in their day, eo renowned for intellectual and and spiritual power that there we find the explanation of the Christ 1 Listen to the \- prophet— 'Thou, Bethlehem, art little among the thousands of Jodah ;' while of Nazaretb there was the common proverb that ' nothing good can -come fronrthere.' Here is the fact on which we do well to .ponder, not only on Christmas morning, but through allonr inorningB and evenings— that Bethlehem cannot account for Jesus. Do mangers produce Messiahs? Things bring forth after their kind— this is the primal law of Genesis. It is true that genius often arises from lowliest Btation, and the great human .; powers seem to jnake Way lor themselves through narrowest surroundings; The seed of \- the oak is email, the source of the Amazon in cognifiaaBt, snoVgwiai men have usually bad ilowly cradieSt But here is more than genius ior greatness^ Wbat if out i©f 'the acorn should joomein a singlB sjasqn aforeslj of Lebanon; what if oat of the Amazon Bprrngs shouiacome ariverofgedd. I Consider the meaning of this fact, that jfrom the lowfiest of peasants sprang the soul i that has swayed the mightiest intellects of the 1 world. Look at the genealogies at the open ling of Matthew's or Luke's narrative. 'The ;fact that it is difficult to reconcile them is proof that the disciples did not invent any ancestry for their Master, but in simple fashion copied public records as they foumd them. And what an ancestry is here ! And yet within three centuries after His death the crowned heads of the civilised world are to bow before Him, and every' succeeding cen tury, is to show the greatest intellects of the race following the Persian magi and laying their treasures at His feet Dante and Shakespeare and Milton bow in reverence before Him; Charlemagne and William of Orange exalt Him as sole Lord of national life; Newton, and Faraday, and Agassiz torn aside from telescope and microscope to pronounce His name in prayer; Pascal, and Kant, and Richter, and Goethe, and Hegel adjudge Him to be, not only the highest of ethical teachers, but the key to human history ; Augustine, and Luther, and Wesley, transformed by His grace, devote all life to His service; and the moving powers of the last eighteen cenTuries have been themselves^ moved by Jesus Christ. I wouS^L tafciadfiea, aroepl the testimony of great intellects as decisive, for man is vastly. more than intellect, and the finest 'culture and \ deepest philosophic thought have often gone' ' hand in hand with moral enervation .and decay, and have even served as shelter for the grossest forms of vice. Mere intellectual cul tivation produces intellectual gladiators rather 'than brothers, logicians rather than workers, magnifies the form of thought above its con tent, and exercises a dispersive influence over powers which only spiritual conviction can concentrate. Yet we stand face to face with .the .fact -which I deliberately repeat — a rule the more conspicuous because of some rare exceptions — that tire moving powers of .the 'eighteen centuries have been themselves moved by Jesus Christ. Consider another related fact, that out of the moat materialistic of religions came the most spiritual of teachers. Judaism dung with almost ferocious tenacity to external signs and symbols. Many things in the Old Testa ment are concessions to this national and racial 'materialism. : An altar of stone -or bronze, a literal sacrifice of slain beast or bird, a visible tent or temple with a merey-seat on which Jehovah was .supposed to descend and sit— these were to the Jews essential to any religions life. The loss of the ark; was a national calamity, the destruction of the temple was the real downfall of Judaism— modern Jewish rationalism is but the wandering ghost of a dead and buried faith.In the gospel story we see the national longing was for a repetition of Solomon's establishment— except they saw signs and wonders they would not believe. And among this people was born that Teacher Who said — 'The kingdom of heaven is within you;' who pronounoefl -the doom of the temple; who, amid the Jewish ritual, pro nounced the children free, and taught the most lofty spiritual conceptions of God and eternal life which the world has ever known. So far from being the realisation of the national ideal, He died because He would not realise it So far from being the bright consummate flower of Jewish aspiration, He rebuked that aspira tion with unswerving courage, and died be cause He taught sordid materialised souls to worship in the temple of the heart only. Consider, also, that out of the narrowest of races came the most universal of teachers. Religion was in Christ's day a - part of patriotism, each nation having its own cultus as its customs, each people its own deity to propitiate, A universal religion was deemed a monstrous conception— why one style of faith any more than one style of. govemment or architecture? But the Jews went still farther, maintaining that the people wbo knew not their law were under a curse ' The charac teristic of Judaism, ancient and modern, is its refusal to recognise the universal element in religion or in humanity. But out of this race came One who said: 'Other sheep I ' have whichAtetJotef tMeJold,' 'My Gospd shall be preached in the whole world/' 'I will 'draw all men onto Me,' who dis appeared while with outspread hands . He oried : 4* Go ye and teach »H nations.' Out of the people whose borisolLwas inostoon traeted came the teacher whose ^fanoe outran ' all phjjpsoohers, who taught afltuman beings to say 'Qar Father.11 . , Consider, also, that out of an ape which : exalted love As eupreaje in 6od and in man. I' will not linger here. The symbol of Borne was the wapacious, unwearied eagle. Military v virtues were supreme. Soldiers bought and .. sold the throna The Jews wanted a oon- ' queri&gfgeDeial; as MesBtah. - Out of such en vironment and atmosphere came One who exalted the feminine virtues -aa&\- proclaimed : thattheaneek-shonld inherit tto eaitit. TSes, out of such a narrow, sordid, stifling atmo- . sphere X!»Bie* charaoter that warand dared to call itself absolutely sinless. Out of this life, surrendered to formalism, materialism, - and tkiotureS wi&bypoarisy;, came the only Great Teaoher ii»ho -ever -trod onr «ftrth and pro claimed Himeelf a eialess man. Out of the maneer came the Christ; out of Bethlehem the One. who said — *' Before Abraham was I am.' \- In asking if the faitli which alone makes -Christmas Day possible is yours, I do not -ask ? onder what definition you think of Christ, ?fcut wheiiier your thought p! Him permits you to taut Him and -follow Him with grateful and adoring love. The sentences may falter m which we «ay it, but that Jbsub Gbrist is the perfecb revelation of the Father, t&UB; is the \ faith of the ages, -this the explanation of the Messiahintheroanger, this -^ie preoioas faith of the Ohaeph which was, which is, aad is to be. Let a|l bells ring it out until the steeples aook; let all choirs chant it i in 'ia anthem high and semes clear;' : let all men repeat it — old men and ntftKtenfl, -young men and chHdren, and let the echoes vibrate in- oar hearts Wirough all the -coming year. Christ may walk- through our i formulas, but fie«nay abide ia onr hearts. And as Bethlehem oouM not , proJnce Christ : . it coold-not confine Christ. As welookback' and see this Child born into oireum&tanoss; narrow and dise^nraging, among. a. people formal «ad rigid, where even His brothers, doubted and 'His mother rebuked him,- we might well ask, 'Will not all this «rush Him, benumbSira? Will not the tithing of mist,' anise, .and cummin, the dead orthodoxy, the ; «ndless vain repetitions, rouadoS this young i Child of Bebblehein, crind Him down, mould TTim -and make Him merely an. exponent of the national desire? Will He not add one more to the list of well-meaning reformers, who have, quailed at the voice -of the people : and followed the mutitade they should com- - mandr . -i Oh, I4o not know anything which ought to , bring more .hope andstrenetbto^myheaxtin which there lafeera «ome taint ef diBCOBiftge ment today than the contemplation of this Child of Bethlehem, risinsr thcousrh all the - cbillisg /ataoaphere about His cradle, rising through *U jAeindnlerenoe, and stolidity, «nd stupidity of ti^«ge, rieing and lifting ^U His nation with Him as some gi&ntaiountainlifts; the village on its broad ahouHer. When we BeeaCJhrisb obmmg onl of little, skraggling, sleepy Befiil^Bm, the lesson ia Just ihiB^ryou are gBeater than the walls and hedges about you. BarHera of natural jcitoumsfcaaca and public opinion, -diuVtulties nattural, beredUasy, artifiaial - — no 'maUef ?? . 'Wbab thev jare— if . ^jere. «onM be* » -CSmbt in Bethlehem, then there can be a. Grod-like, Christ-like man jost where sou stand. Life is greater than aS the opposi tions of the world — the. ©sly ques tion is whefcoer we are divinely alive, ^ay ISDN *' |a «oother place I «onld develop, oonqner, jtrinmph j.- under other- oonditions I comdj^eveniytnigsion;'' -think of Christ in Palestine, andhewrHim ery^romtheaseended - heavens :^'Beoi«ood cheer, JhaTOoveroome the world.' The barrier 'which shnta yon in may be aprieldy tborn-bdsh, oritmay besoft paiowB of 'down j it niay be :tfee. frownsJ«ii.d :? biBS8s«fT9en,«r itmaybetiieir flattery Vand fawning; butialifeof faith is sponger e%UL Christ ipsequt of His Betalehfim, andyoowui rise from^onea. - WeseenotyetalithiDgsput-: under us, but) We see Jesus. 