CURRENT TOPICS. Tan? Treasurer, hon. B. S. Bird, who arrived from Hobart on Tuesday, spent yesterday morning in the transaction of businees coanceted with the Cuatoms and Post-yfli-e. HIe left by the afternoon train for Ulverstone, where he will make in quiries relative to the establishment of a tc e'nicral eclh ol. lHe returns to Launces ton to-da". ,V have received from the secretary of the li'byal Colonial Inotituto a copy of the joiurnl of that body for January, contain ins the full text ofthe 'paper read by :ir Ed cord Braddon, K C.M.G., Agent-Gener.al for 'T'asmania,. at the rocond ordinary general meeting of the Institute, held on December 8 lThe title of the paper is ' Australis Vindicated," and it is an elaborate'riepy to the stricturcs upon the moral and financial condition of the colonies published by Mr David Christie Murray, Mr Forteecue, Mr Adams, and others in English magazines and news papers. The paper has already been noticed at length in the columns of the Examiner. MEssaRS TIOMrs.?s UUBrrUCK AND SON LrorrTen, of London, h'tve s._nt ua a copy of "IIubbuck'aDiary, Telegraph Code, and Export Price-list for 1892." Amnnre the information which is - I :a uo :iersoos engaged in fi o.-ial and mercantile pur- suits are lists of colonial and foreign marine insurance companies having agen- cies in London, London bankers, and a telegraph code applicable to the various classes of goods supplied by the firm, which enables a colonial customer in three words to order by cable any quantity required, with name of vessel by which it is to be shipped. SPECIAL train arrangements have been made to meet the convenience of visitors to the Tasmanian Exhibition and Launceston races. Cheap tickets will be issued on the Scottsdale line on Monday next, available till the following Friday. Details are given in our advertising columns of cheap excursion trains on the Main, Western, Scottsdale, and Fingal lines. A PUBLIC meeting was held at the Chud- leigh Hotel on January 30 (writes a corres- pondent) to protest against the proposed alteration in the mail service. 'The chair was taken by Mr H. Rockeliff, Warden of Deloraine, who read the advertisement convening the meeting, and called on Mr Garland, who explained that on January 1 the mail contractor wired to the secretary to the post-office, asking if present arrange- ments were to continue, and was informed —" Your contract ceases on December 31, 1892." The natural inference was that existing arrangements would be continued for the curreat year, but a few days ago the local postmaster was instructed to keep his office open till 8.30 p.m, as the mails would arrive by the evening train instead of by the morning coach as heretofore. Representa- tions were made to the secretary to the post-office but without effect, and this meeting had been convened to protest against the alteration, which was exceed- ingly inconvenient. Mr Davidson pointed out that as the outward mails to go away by the morning train were made up before the inward mail arrived at night, it was impossible to reply to a letter by the return post. Mr Oliver and others also spoke, condemning the alteration, and resolutions were unanimously passed pro- testing against the alteration, as not calculated to advance the interests of the district or suit the convenience of the resi- dents, and asking that either the arrange- ments in force prior to January 1 be reverted to, or other arrangements be made whereby inward mails shall be delivered not later than 2 p.m. daily. Votes of thanks to Messrs Garland and Davidson and to the Warden concluded the meeting. FIVE years ago it was cabled out that the great African explorer, Mr H. M. Stanley, had arranged with Mr R. S. Smythe to visit Australia on a lecturing tour, and the man who found Livingstone was already on his way to the colonies, via America, when he was summoned to take charge of the Emin Pasha Relief Expedi- tion. Mr Stanley cabled to "the much travelled" to explain matters, and pro- mised, if over he came back alive, he would stand to his bond. After a series of hair-breadth'scapes, almost without paral- lel, he did return, and, and in fulfilment of his promise, landed in Australia last Novem- ber. The success he has met with must have almost surprised the distinguished traveller himself. In every town visited the curiosity to see and hear his tales of adventure by flood and fild has been un- bounded, so that the largest halls have been unable to contain Mr Stanley's eager and enthusiastic audiences. At his last appearance in Christchureh, the Lyttlelon Times estimated that over 2000 people were unable to gain admission. It is only natural to think that the excitement here will be equally pronounced when Mr Stanley delivers his three lectures on the race nights next week. The Albert Hall has been engaged, and it has been decided to issue transferable course tickets, which, besides allowing purchasers to retain the same seat through the series, affords them a day's priority in the selection of chairs. The plan for the course will be opened on Saturday morning. MESSRS Walsh Bros. and Birchall send us a copy of the Review of Reviews for December, a periodical which is rapidly gaining in popular estimation all eover the world. It is a marvellous example of literary judgmentand skilful condensation, being quite a smultlu in parso of magazine literature, all the cream of the magazines of the world being boiled down into a form convenient for readers who have not the time to wade through the numeroua publi- cations of the kind, even if they possessed the means to acquire them. For the busy man, who wishes to skim maga- zine literature and to keep abreast of the most advanced thought of the times, the Relticm of Reviewos is unequalled any where. The December number contains faithful portraits of all the Australiar Governors, the usual summary of the events of the month throughout the world, and the pick of the caricatures in all the comic papers. There is also a character of sketch of the Right Heon. Sir John Gorst, M.P., a review of the book'of the month, " Pitt," by Lfrd Rosebery, and numerors articles, summaries of and extracts from the reviews, and a short descriptive cata- logue of the books of the month. The editor promises a supplementary batch to the sensational ghost stories to which the Christmas 'number was devoted. Tihe Review ofa rides is published at 9d, and is one of the triumphs of modern literary enterprise. It only needs to become better known to have an enormous circulation in the Australasian colonies, for which a special edition is promised. As an entertainer, Mr W. 1H. Jude may justly be termed perfect. Unfortunately for himself, however, he is performuing in Launceston at a bad time, when attractions are numerous, and a plethora of amuse- ment has drawn somewhat heavily on the public purse. But for this handicap the Acadeuy of Music would doubtless have been packed nightly during the reason, and if it were so, the, result would rot have been better than the talented performer deserves. TIo;o who love music may listen with delight at Mr Jude's marvellous manipulation of the piano and harmonium, not once, but many times; in fact he im proves on acquaintance. Last evening, at the conclusion of his orchestral organ solo "fantasia on Scotch airs," introducing the plaintive melody " Auld Robin Gray," the sweet air " Woel may the keel row," and the storm and battle effects, followed by the march past of a Highland regiment, the audience were so enthusiastic in their applause that the performer continued for some minutes to bow his acknowledg ments. Undoubtedly tie effort exhi- bited wonderful ability. The songs which he rendered during the evening charmed his hearers into an ecotacy of delight, and his hlumorous, chatty re marks were interruptcd by bursts of genuine laughter. As a monalogue entertainer Mr Jude has fw equcals, and as a musician his talent is beyondl qucntion. The only regret experienced by those who have the plea sure of hearing him is tist the time passes too quickly, and the erd comes as a sur- prise. He appears again to-night, and if the Academy is not filled to overflowing it will be a surprise to us. "FROM Mr A. B. Biggs we learn Venus and Jupiter will be almost in contact on the evening of February 6, forming a most interesting combination of the two most brilliant planets." This is the brief an- nouncement in Hopwood and James's Almanac for this year. So close a com- bination of this pair is a very rare event, and will be well worth watching for next Saturday evening. Venus is at present increasing her angular distance from the sun, whilst that of Jupiter is diminishing. They are therefore meeting one another. Their nearest approach will be at a few minutes before 8 p.m.. when they will be less than half a minute of are apart—almost an occultation—an interval too small to be discerned without telescoplic aid. As they set soon after 8, it will he owell to watch for their first pe?ping out. A good view should bhe obtained from the Windmill Hill. It will be interesting to observe the con tract of cslour and shade. The highest telescopic power available should be used. Psron to his departure from B3urnie for his new charge in an Adelaide suburb, the Rev. A. G. King was the recipient of a farewell address and presentation from his congregation, and othler residents in tihe district. The address was prepared in Hobart, and contained many kind expres sions and good wishes for the rev. gentle- man's success in his new sphere of spiritual labour. The signatures included the names of many leading resid-nts in Burnis andT'rial Harbour. Ven.Archdeacon Fraser, of Hobart, made the presentation, which corshsted of a set of silver salts, a set of dessert knives and forks, and a pair of carvers. Mr King, to whom the presenta tion came as a surprise, was exceedingly gratified, and expressed his thanks in suit able terms. A COURT of Revision for the electoral rolls of North Esk and Evandale was held at Evandale last week, the magistrates present being Messrs J. L. Smith (chair- man), D. litKinnon, and C. Youl, the re- turning officer, Mr A. Youl, being also present. The result was as follows :— North Esk, number of electors on roll before revioion, 323 ; struckoff,31; added, 167; total number after revision, 459. Evandale, number on roll before revision, 782; struck off, 200; added, 40; total num- ber after revision, 662. Tue handicaps for the Exhibition £75 pigeon shooting match .appears in our advertisement columns, A DRAMATIC treat is in store for Laun- ceston playgoers next week, for Bland Holt, at the head of his powerful company, com- mences a season of six nights at the Academy of Music on Monday evening, with a production of the spectacular drama, "Taken from life." No manager in Aus- tralasia caters for his patrons upon a more extensive scale than does Mr Holt, his pieces being invariably produced regardless of expense. He always travels a first-class company, while the mounting in each pro- duction is made a special feature. This year he brings with him a number of old favourites, including Mecssr Walter Howe, Albert Norman, Walter Baker, Augustus Glover, Roberts, Mrs Bland Holt, and a host of others, besides a new leading lady, Miss Edith Bland, an actress with an English reputation. During the forth- coming season, Mr Holt produces in addition to "Taken from life" a drama, pronounced by those who have witnessed it to hbe the trump card of his reperloire, namely, " Master and Man." Mr WV. Sea greave, the popular business manager of the company, is at present in Launceston making the preliminary arrangements. AT the regular meeting of the Lodge of Hope, No. 4 T.C., on Tuesday erening, the M.W. Pro. Grand Master, Bro. Barrett, presented P.hR. Bro. R. J. Sadler (Past Deputy District Grand Master, E.C.), who has been appointed to represent the Grand Lodge of New York near the Grand Lodge of Tasmania, with a handsome gold jewel sent by the Grand Lodge of New York to its representative in Tasmania. Last evening the Lord Wolseley Lodge, No. 13 T.C, Imet for installation, when there was a good muster of members and visitors. Amongst the latter were the Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of Vic- toria, Past Deputy Grand Master Bro. L. H. Lempriere, and two brethren from H.M.S. Rapid. 'lhe M.W. Pro. Grand Master, Bro. P. Barrett, M.H.A., acted as Installing Officer, and was attended by six Grand Lodge officers. The following offi cers were installed and invested for the ensuing year:-W.M., Bro. J. J. Hindcll ; J.P.M., Bec' 4W--Welsh ; S.W., Bro. W. A. Solomon J. W., Bro. R. MIowbray; trea surer, Bro. Jae. Wallace (re- elected); secre tary, Bro. J. Turner (re-elected); S.D., Bro. J. I1. Whitelaw; J.D., Bro. It. Robine; I.G., Bro. J. P. B. Urompton; O.G., Bro. E. Williams. During the evening the Pro. Grand Master, on behalf of the members of the Lord Wolseley Lodge, presented Bro. Jas. Wallace with a handsosme gold Treasurer's jewel, suitably inscribed, as a slight mark of their appreciation of his valuable sesvices as treasurer of the lodge for the past seven years. Bro. Wallace, who was taken by surprise, feelingly expressed his appreciation not only of the jewel but of the spirit that prompted the presentation, and said that during thirty years' connec tion as a working officer with various social organisations this was the second occasion only on which he had received such a gratifying recognition that his efforts had been appreciated. The jewel, which was of very neat design and workmanship, was made at the establishment of Messrs Stewart Bros. Up.n the conclusion of business an adjournment was made to the banquet-room, where an excellent spread had been laid out by Bro. W. Wade, and the usual loyal and Masonic toasts were given and esponded to, a pleasant social hour being spent. THE February number of the Church News is to hand, and the reading matter it contains is as interesting as usual. The first of a series of papers on "The Practical Advantage of the Study of the Greek and Latin Classics" is given, and there is an interesting article on " Science and Religion." A number of records and announcements are made, detailing changes and intentions of the clergy. Among these are intimations that Canon Icely will return to England in March next, and Rev. E. C. Spink will take his place at Sheffield. The Bishop visits the Furneaux Islands at the beginning of the month, and then returns to Hobart, starting for the West Coast in March. A tender to build the Cathedral Church chaneel for a sum of £6696 has been accepted. The contract dates from January 4, and 21 months are allowed for the completion of the work. As regards funds there is £3800 in hand, and £943 promised, making a total of £4743. It is hoped that a grant of £500 from the S.P.C.K. will raise this sum to £5243. Thus there will be some £1453 to be raised during the progress of the building. There will, of course, be the additional expense of furnishing. DURING the last few days rumours have been afloat that several houses in Upper Balfour-street, near Margaret-street, had been visited by burglars, who failed to gain an entrance. The police, we are informed, were notified of the attempts that has been made to force entry, but there appears to be little foundation for the statements. At all events, the police have not been able to discover that anything serious has transpired. Several of the residents in the localitystate that they were alarmed during the week by hearing men walking on the verandahs of their houses, and the front and back door of one house was discovered open, but nothing was here interfered with. It is a fact, however, that the clothes-lines of several persons have been lightened, and it is probable that the individuals who have caused the alarm belong to that class of mean thieves yceipt " snow-droppers," whose proper residence is Her Majesty's jail, where it is hoped the police will soon ocate them. THE usual weekly meeting of the execu- tive committee of the Launceston Benevo- lent Society was held yesterday afternoon. Present—Messrs J. Stephenson (in the chair), A. W. Birchall, J. C. Genders, G. Wilkins, S. Tulloch, W. R. Barwood, J. T. Farmilo, M. Tyson, T. Gladman (treasurer), and Hugh Fraser (secretary). The secre- tary reported that temporary relief had been granted to four men, and the state of the roll was—36 men, 75 women, and 107 children; total, 228. Accounts to the amount of £482 18s 1d were passed for pay- ment. Following officers of the committee were re-elected :—Chairman, Mr J. Stephenson; vice-chairman, Mr A. W. Birchall; treasurer, Mr T. Gladman ; secretary, Mr Hugh Fraser. MR E. WHITFELD, J.P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Michael M'Fadden pleaded guilty to having absented himself from the Invalid Depot without leave.—Daniel Cane, who had been in the lock-up since Monday, was admonished for having been drunk and disorderly and discharged. Thomas Lynn, for a similar offence, was fined 10s, in default three days' imprison- ment.—Two other inebriates were fined 5s and 10s respectively, with the alternative of 24 hours or three days' imprisonment. George Watson, alias Hegarth, on remand from .hlo 27th ult, charged with having ob tained money by false pretences from F. and W. Stewart and John Spar row was further remanded till next day. In the afternoon, before fenssrs Ernest WVhitfeld and James Steer, J.'sP., Meesrs WVirth Bros., circus proprie tors, were called upon to answer the com plaint of one of their employee, Joseph (or Jose) Romans, an Italian, for failing to pay him as horse groom the sum of £7 10, balance of wages. The defendants did not answer to their summons when called, and the case was heard ec parte. Complainant said that for the past three months he had been in the employment of defendants breaking in horses, and had sometimes acted as ring-master, receiving 30s with board and lodgings weekly; on leaving Adelaide they owed him one week's wages, £1 10s, and held £6 of his wages as a deposit for the due fulfilment of his engagement with them; lhad been paid one week's wages here. The bench dismissed the ease, as they considered they had nojurisdiction on salary earned and agreements entered into in another colony. MR JAS. SCOTT, who has recently retired from the firm of Salisbury, Scott, and Co, engineers, etc., was last week made the recipient of a pleasing expression of esteem from the employees of the firm. He was invited to a social at the Commercial Hotel, and during the ,evening was pre- sented with a very handsome clock, with marble pillars, bearing the following in scription:—"Presented to James Scott, Esq., by the employees of Salisbury and Co., upon his retirement from the firm. January 28, 1892." The presentation was accompanied by warm expressions of ap- preciation of Mr Scott as in employer, and hearty good wishes for the future pros- perity of himself and family. Mr Scott suitably responded. PIAnosonTass, Organs, Brass and Stringed nstrumeats. Time paynment, or discount for ash, WALCH BROTHERS AND BIRCHALL. A rAnon audience, numbering geme 300 persons, aeseubled in the Barnie Town Hall on Tuesday evening (writes our correspondent) to hear Miss Ackerman's popular lecture on the " Women of Asia " Mr A. K. Chapman, S.M., occupied the chair. The lecture.s, who was received with applause, narrated her first impress- sions of China and the Chinese, and in a graphic manner described the state of wsmen in that centlry. She then passed on to Japan and the Japanese, her deserip- tions being listened to with great interest. From Japan she took her hearers to Siam, and this was, perhaps, the most interesting part of the lecture, as most people know very little of this country. After in- terviewing the King of Siam Miss Ackerman was shown over the temple, the magnificence of which was fully described, and special mention was made of the enormous size of the idol "Sleeping Buddha." After Siam the next port of call was Singapore. During the lecture Miss Ackerman, who was dressed in Orien- tal costume, sang a Chinese song, which created much merriment. A hearty vote of thanks to Mr Chapman and the Rev. W. H. Bows for acting as chairmen at the lectures brought the evening's entertain- ment to a close. Miss Ackerman left Burnie for Waratah by train on Wednes- day morning. THE adjourned meeting of the coach builders' employees, called in support of the eight hours movement, was held at the Star Hotel, Charles-street, last evening, when there was a good attendance. Mr Allan Macdonald was voted to the chair, and Mr H. Crocker was appointed secre- tary. After considerable discussion it was decided that a deputation be appointed to wait on the coachbuilders and discuss with them the question of the adoption of the eight hours principle in their various establishments. It was agreed that the chairman and secretary, with Messrs E. Darcey, son., and E. Denton, form the deputation. After a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, the proceedings concluded. By the s. s. Coogee, which sailed for Melbourne yesterday, Mr Herbert Gatenby, of Rhodes, shipped four stud rams, valued at £100, for transhipment to Cape Town by the s.s. Thermopylœ, leaving Melbourne on Saturday next. THE annual meeting of members of the Launceston Mechanics' Institute and Public Library will be held in the classroom on Tuesday, 23rd inst., at 8 p.m.; and on Tuesday, March 8, the jubilee day of the institute, it is intended to have a conver- sazione, when all friends are invited to assist in the celebration. A COURT OF REVISION will be held at Inver- may state school this morning at 11 o'clock. Courts of revision will also be held today at Bothwell and Ostlands. A SPECIAL TRAIN will leave Hobart at 8 a.m. on Sunday next, and return from Launeoston at 3 p.m., both journeys being made in express time. THE annual meeting of members of the Equitable Building Society will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening, 17th inst., at eight o'clock. A DIVIDEND of £1 10s per share was declared by the proprietors of the Union Bank of Aus- tralia Limited at a meeting in London held on 1st inst., and is now payable to colonial share- holders. CERTAINLY the best medicine known is Sanders and Son's Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, in- fluenza-the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy—no swelling, no inflamma- tion. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheris, bronchitis, inftlammation of the lungs, swellings, etc.; diarrhea, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use by hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe; patronised by his Majesty the King of Italy; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and reject all others. a*--Wholesale depots for Tasmania, L. Fair- t.horne and Son and Hatton and Laws. Re alled by chemists and storekeepers at Is id and 2s d per bottle t GooD MonING I live you used Pear's a soap? Pear's soap for toilet and nursery, Sospecially prepared for the delicate skin of t ladies and children, and others sensitive to the · weather, water and summer. Scented tablets s asnoh; smaller (unEaented) ld. HorLLowAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-A rquent cause of gout and rheumatism is the Snlammatory state of the blood, attended with bad digestion and general debility. A few doses of the Pills taken in time are an effectual pre I ventive against gout and rheumatism. Anyone a who has an attack of lither should use Hollo. Sway's Ointment also, the powerful action of which combined with the operation of the Pills, must infallibly effoot a cure. These Pills not lirootly on the blood, which they purify and r improve. Having once subdued the severity of 1 thess diseases, perseverance with the Ointment Ssalter fomenting the affected joints with warm brnc will speedily relax all stiffness and pai \- vent any permanent contraction. 