POINTS. A IiEAuxxd judgo in England has ruled that "more abnso, liowovor vulgar and ropro- honsihle, is neither libellous nor slandorous in law." Tins is exactly tho view taken of sourrilous abuse by somo labour orators whom wo wot of, Tbenwith avows himsolf to bo an npostlo of discontent. Tho worst of sophists tell the truth sometimes. Dom;t savo a penny by re-using a dofaced recoipt stamp. Tlio penalty is £80. Some folk say tho Blacknll Ranges nro not all black, for thero is somo yellow metal thero. Wiiat a . godsond wore it if a brilliant gold- Bold should break out so near to tho luuguish- ing metropolis. . Against land speculators somo building opeculators liuvo got rancour on tho brain. Eaumebs in tho Maokny district want wliito milk from tho Stato cow or black labour from Polynesia. Blowitz snys tho Russians want moro money. Blow it, who doesn't ? In a' crowd somo fellows aro a noisy nuisance by tbeir wide- mouthed bawling. At Berlin tlioy have slint up a man for keep ing his mouth shut' when Ids bete noir was passing by. AVoiist of nil, tho snllenly silent inun was a aooiulist, and they have sent him to tho solitudo of n gaol. Bo tlioy think a doso of soclunion a euro for socialism ? But what about tho social con tamination of gaol company ? It is continuing to ho tlio fashion for retiring Australian Premiers to depart for Loudon with acommission to net as Agcnt-Qcncral. Two peculiar labour difficulties aro chrouioled iu New South "Wales. At Brokon Hill, whoro tlio population are enduring a water f amino, a dispute bus arisen between uuion nnd non-union curriers. Would a thirsty man refuse for himself or deny to his family water carried by a unionist ? If so, certain Broken Hill martyrs will bo tho next candidates for canonisation. At Newcastle, whoro proprietors linve lowcrod the selling prieo of coal to enable thorn to competo with non-ussooiatcd mines, tho minors have struck and so shut up a number of pits. The non-associutcd proprietors will not dio of broken hearts, for a reason that may in time . dawn upon tho strikers. Hit. Hodgkinson is of opinion that wlion certain men bccomo Government functionaries, even in an unimportant degree, they suddenly become helpless. TnE result frequently is, that if, for instance, the building in which their duties ore per formed is attacked by white ants, tlioy, instead of taking steps to olear tlio insects uway, writo to tho department . The Minister for Education's remedy is a month or two of butili life in its truo sense, The cabstand at tlio corner of Mnry nnd Edward streets, opposite tlio Metropolitan Hotel, is to be closed in futuro from U p.m. to C a.m. Judgiko from tho statements made at the meeting of tlio Traffic Board yesterday this action is warranted. It would appear tlintntnigbttimotlio drivers do all tlio tilings they ought not to do, uuloss when tho sontry gives warning of tho upproaoli of a policeman. Mn. Tbenwitu in classifying us as a popula tion of carriers was mora gouorous .than a follow-Victoriun who spoko of Brisbane as being dosertod by nil but tho ghosts of dobt- colleotors. English Quaker delegates, having spied out tho land, report on the Russian famine as call ing for immediate aid. Consider aiile sums hare already boon for warded. to swell the purses of corrupt adminis trators. TnE Crtmd Duke, following tho cxauiplo of the good pasha of tradition, went out disguised as a driver, to see tho autual state of affairs. He was the recipient of a fair saniplo of tlio trentincnt meted out to tho lowor classes in Holy Russiu. and was presumably satisfied from ono standpoint at lonst. " A rAUADOx, a paradox, a most ingenious paradox." Tiikue was and there was not an aching void nt tho meeting of the Traffio Board yesterday. Read mo this riddle, says the Doctor, under standing, however, tliut nu roplics implicating an M.L.A., tlio Valley, or walking phonographs will bo accepted. The prize for u successful answer will be u guaranteed forecast ns to tho succeeding chair man of tho lioard and tlio next occupant of the city mayoral chair. Miss Jennie Lee mortnlly offended ono of her auditors whilo singing " 'Wink Your Other Eye" at tho Opera Houso tho other night. He was a one-eyed man f torn tho country, nnd ho demanded a refund of his shilling, saying ho did not attend tho pantomime to bo insulted. That fire at Urana burned £70,000 worth of property, and probably tlic wh'olo of it could have been saved by precaution.- It is another case of sending tho hat round for those who have lost by their own improvi dence. The share market. Ah, thoso who think it is all up with it, are mistaken. You inay buy into almost anything. ' . The Nihilist Sophio Gunsborg, wlio was recently privately executed in a Russian prison, was said to bo beautiful, anil to possess a fas cination fow people uould resist. Her fino fueo ruined lior. Theue will bo plenty of money, forthcoming to maintain tho Nowcostlo strikers. , But ut this rato there will bo 110 money loft to fight in tlio coming struggle for oomingrcat. Mn. CAimuTiiKns says tlint ho is not going to follow l'arkcs. It lias ulways boon understood tliut l'arkos was led by liis Into colleagues. If you onco saw tho Pino you would never think that tlioro is any joy in that place. But thoro is ; tho pcoplo tlioro are just as fond of a hit of un outing us your Queon street man. Instead of doing muolt more praying at Broken Hill for rain, tlioy nro going to try rain making. SnouLD tlioy succeed, tlioy will not prav Providencp any more,; and further, thoy will have nothing to thank Him for. Tins will afford a ourious problem. How- much religion wiU there have been in the peoplo's prayers? Tuere will ho no holding Australia if she goes on lioking tho Englishmen as she has been doing lately. Now that Mr.Wraggo has como baok it isto ho hoped that his more experienced hand will he ublo to work the rain-lover gently so that wo will not hnvo any more disastrous tliundor- Btorms. Phodaldy no company in' tho world has figured more in tlio courts of Australia tlinu the Picturesquo Atlas Company. As they luivo always been plaintiffs, how ever, nnd havo won nearly bvory case, tlioy do not find law tho expensive thing that' most people do. It is uiid that tlio Chief Secretary was imioli struck by what lie saw in Now Guinea. It was fnlly expected that tho Administrator would accompany ' the Premier with' a forco sufficient to protect liim against tho savages. Now that tho holidays are over tho next ox- oitomont will bo the municipal clcotions. ' Fob tlio oity clootions there will probably bo a good "deal of excitement. AVilIiah 'Thobne is spoken of as oil oppo nent to Willard, tho retiring Kangaroo Point alderman, whilo both4 Hipwood and M'Kinnon are threatened with opposition. \- As ox- Alderman Phillips 'said at' tho last elcetian that ho would" come out again at tho first opportunity, GpUow&y; will probably have to fight for his return; - ' .. 