Dmmittetil Copies. THB BIXVATIOH OF NON-CATHOLICS. AIL adult Catholics are not as well versed in Christian doctrine as they might be if they had availed themselves of the opportunities of learning it that were afforded them. And there are some of them who, at an early period of life, were not sufficiently intelligent to comprehend the teaching of the Churob. on any bat the most simple troths. An article of belief on which many Catholics are not very well informed is the possibility of salvation outside the true Church of Christ, and in adhering to the literal meaning 01 the denial without qualification, or explanation, they in some instances lay themselves open to the charge of bigotry and uncharitableness. The late Cardinal Manning appears to have been so impressed with the fact that erroneous views on this point wen not uncommon, and that misrepresentations on the subject were misohievous, bis Eminence went to the trouble of explaining in the Review of the Churches the conditions under which salvation is possible to nob- Catholics ; and as we are safe in piloting so high p,n authority, We append what his Eminence said on the subject:— It is owing to the Catholic doctrine of the universality of gtfcOe. They presuppose the doctrine of the Visible Church, whioh has not only a visible body, but also an invisible sottl. The soul of the Charch is as old as Abel, and as wide as the race of mankind^ It embraoes every soul of man who has lived, or at least who has died, in union witii God by the indwelling of the Holy O.'host. Nearly thirty years ago I pnblished all this in answer to my friend, the late Dr. Pnsey, in a letter on " The Workings of the Spirit in the Church of England." This letter hss been lately reprinted by MesBra. Bums and Oates. Thus far, then, I can lay a basis on which to write and to hope with all your contributors. We believe that the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers into union with God, and to eternal life, all those who faithfully cooperate with His light and graoe. None are responsible for dying inevitably out of the viBible Body of the Ohurch. They only are tralpable who knowingly and wilfully rejeot its divine voice when sufficiently known to them. As bearing on the subject, a reference nay be made to what Mr. Bunting has said in the Contemporary Review for ^February, under the title of " Reminiscences of Cardinal Manning." How his Eminence put the case to Dr. Fairbairn and Dr. Paton, two prominent English Nonconformists, is thus described by Mr. Bunting:— The Cardinal more than frankly admitted to saving grace Christians outside the Boman Catholic Churoh, basing his views on •the doctrine of extraordinary grace, the result of the grace of the Charch, and 'Shining out beyond her pale. The whole conversation was'strenuous; Drs. Fairbairn and Paton, both coming, as they explained, of the blood of the Covenanters, were firm, (though fraternal, themselves holding High (Church doctrines, though of a different order. I remember especially one passage. The Cardinal was asked to define tbespeoific Roman Catholic theory of the Ohurch, and, settling himself to the task, spoke for two or three minutes. At the close of his sentences we all three, with one voice, accepted his definition absolutely. This may show either the underlying similarity of Christian creeds or the difficulties of definition, but it was very striking. , There was no difference as to the ideas of the Ohnroh and Catholicity, •only aB to the realities whioh corresponded to them. WHAT was known some WOMEN AS fifty years since AB the TEACHBBS. Dame School has been dropped out of existence in the march of progress, but the female teacher has survived the change, and more than holds her own at the early stage of the educational course. For some reliable testimony to that effect we \- are indebted to the Review of Reviews, in which Mr. Stead has made some quotations from a communication in which the Commissioner of Education in the "United StateB favoured the Joint •Education Committees of WaleB and Monmouthshire with his experience of women as teachers in schools. Women, ., he eays, are sometimes employed aB teachers exclusively for boys, but more frequently for boys and girls together. In Boston they teach all the branches in all'the public school course to children of . all ageB and all classes in life, and consequently they fill a more responsible ; position then they occupy in the Victorian system of public instruction. • -They are, however, at the head of some of our Catholic schools, and so it would seem that in according them that high, status we are giving practical effect to the views entertained on the subject in the tTnited States. Alluding to the comparative success of male and female teaching, the Commissioner says:-" 'Women-, t tbink, as a rule, succeed better than Sb'en in getting work out of pnpils of fell kinds. The intelleotnal training which they give is therefore better up to a oertain point than that given by men. They alfio maintain better discipline .than men, and with less corporal punishment. But though (he superintendents in several of the great American cities give it as their opinion that women are rally equal to men, both as respects maintaining order and teaching capacity, the salaries of women are sixty per cent, lower than hose paid male teachers. Thus, for the resent at least) women as teachers are adly treated. Bat bow long will that nequitable state of things lastP The eport winds up with the interesting nformation that Chicago allows female eachers to many, and that New York rohibits them from doing so. LOBX> SAITIGB&ar; has A tost lost a fine opportunity oPfoBTtfNlTY. of teaching the insolent American Government useful lesson. In the opinion of our ory contemporary, "common sense ust tell the people of England and he United States that they dare not ush this miserable fishing issue too ar," the allusion being to the Behring Sea dispute. In confirmation of that opinion, at least so far as the nited States is concerned, we re told that" there is a section of the voters in the States who are notoriously tickled by nothing so much as by the dea of snubbing the mother island," and h&t; " each Presidential candidate feels it a duty—is pushed on by party wirepullers—to play to this soriy gallery." It is plain, then, that President Harrison's refusal to consent to the English Prime Minister's proposal was nothing more than a mere election dodge, or, in other words, mere "bounce and bluster;" and so it must have been obvious to the British Cabinet that to gain its point firmness was all that was necessary. By refusing to withdraw from his position Lord Salisbury could have obliged Jonathan to fallback, and most likely the lesson would prevent him from again snubbing " the mother island." The opportunity was a splendid one for teaching Presidential candidates that it is not always safe to tread on the British lion's tail, and yet the English Government did not avail themselves of it. Instead of standing up to the Yankee bully John Bull has thrown down his bands and declared that though he had assumed a fighting attitude, the idea of fighting had never entered his head. His object in ordering the British fleet to rendezvous at Esquimault had no other object in view than to improve the health of the crews by an agreeable change of scene and climate; and to prove how much averse he was to fighting with his dear cousin, he would consent to a renewal of the modus vivendi on conditions to which no objections could be taken. Thus the matter, as we anticipated from the beginning, has been brought to an amicable settlement, and Lord Salisbury's admirers are afforded another opportunity of sounding his praises. The skill with whioh he retreated from a position he avowed his determination to maintain will f Ornish them with one more proof of his abilities as a statesman. IT would be difficult BADICAL OB to determine what CONSERVATIVE. Mr. Chamberlain's precise place in poli tics is. He was a Radical but is not, and he cannot be regarded as a full-blown Conservative. It would be nearer the mark, perhaps, to describe him as a hybrid with a facility for showing that side of a dual nature which is most likely to serve the immediate ' purpose he has in view. With one face he has contrived to please a small section of the Liberal party, who still believe in him, and with the other he has won the confidence of the Conservatives. At one time they regarded him with suspicion—even with dread; but since he deserted Mr. Gladstone, and declared against Home Sale, they have been petting him and feeding his vanity. And not without good results so far as their party is concerned, for he inclines very decidedly to them, though from prudential motives he still poses as a Liberal occasionally. At Birmingham on the 19th March he went very strong^ on the Conservative ticket. He would, he said, support the House of Lords if only because it waB an antique and stately part of the British Constitution. This looks very like a consummation of his treachery to the Liberal cause; but it would be a mistake to take Mr. Chamberlain seriotisly. It was merely another instance of the tergiversation peculiar to him in playing a double part. As the elective principle, based on a broad franchise, is a cardinal article of the democratic creed, it may seem inexplicable that a politidian|who still claims to be a Liberal could have a word to say in favour of that feudal survival of which there is no counterpart in any constitutionallygoverned cotintry in Europe. But Mr. Chamberlain looks to the House of Lords to resist Home Rule, and that anticipation outweighs in his mind every other consideration. He is willing that Liberal principles, consistency, and every virtue to which he ever pretended should all go down before the political expedient which remains the sole hope of the shattered Unionists. THE Ministry THE BETBENCHMENT do not, We SUp- SCHEHE. pose, mean to persist in the taxation and retrenchment scheme sketched by the Premier at Casterton. It contains two proposals which, if persevered in, are almost certain to be defeated, and under those circumstances the wiser course wouldbe to voluntarily and speedily abandon them. Mr. Shiels will find, we think, that the opposition to an income tax is too strong for him, and that he will have to confine himself to economies and to indirect taxation as a joint means of restoring the financial equilibrium.. Direct taxation in any shape is odious, and is especially so when applied to income being inquisitorial to a degree which is most repugnant to the citizens of a free state. It creates in that form more heart-burnings and domestic annoyances than a taxpayer unacquainted with it has ever in that capacity experienced, and the cost of collection usually far exceeds that incurred by the Customs and Excise departments. It is a strong temptation to deception and dishonesty. In addition to these general objections, there are, in the case of this colony, special objections to the novel impost. It would be hardly fair to impose an income tax on landowners, who, as a class, have already to bear a special burden; and the civil servants, whose salaries are to be cut down, whose increments are to be suspended, and who will feel the weight of additional taxation in common with their fellow-citizens, should certainly not be called upon ta submit to a still further burden in the shape of an income tax. And if land-owners and civil servants were exempted from the operation of the tax the amount it would bring in would fall so far below the estimate that it would not be worth while to adopt it as a means of raising the wind. The proposal to raise the iniand postage on letters from Id. to 2d., the old charge, is a matter of less consequence, but at the same time it is decidedly a retrogressive step, and one that should not be taken so long as the tariff list contains luxuries the duty on which could be raised to compensate for the loss sustained through the reduction of the postage rate. Apparently, the loss thus incurred was in 1890 only £80,000, and in 1891 was but £70,000, and there is reason to think that if there were separate accounts for stamp duty and postage feeB the official returns would show a smaller IOSB on the latter item, as in a year in which large sales of real estate and business transactions generally were much contracted the receipts on account of stamp duty must have been very much below the average. In any case, it is apparent from the returns that, notwithstanding bad timeB, there is in Victoria, as in other places where the experiment was tried, an annual increase in the postal return, from which it may be confidently expected that the deficiency would be altogether wiped out in the course of a few years. In weighing the matter it is also worthy of some consideration that there are social and educational advantages to be credited to cheap postage. It produces humanising and even benevolent effects, and is a factor, though it be a small one, in strengthening the bonds of society. Thus for many reasons it will, we believe, seem to most persons that the reform which lias been effected in this respect is one upon which we should not go back so l£P£ as ,analteraative remains to us, A DEPUTATION of th AN TWBATISFAC- unemployed which TOBY AN8WEB. lately waited on the Minister of Public Works repeated to that gentleman an objection which at a previous inter* view with the Premier they had urged against the labour bureau being in the hands of the Salvation Army. Ingratitude is most strikingly illustrated in the dog that bites the hand which feeds him, and to Mr. Graham it may have seemed that the remonstrants had put themselves in some such position. If that was his opinion he kept it to himself, influenced, no doubt, by a kindly forbearance towards the unfortunate people who were compelled by stem necessity to interview him on such an errand. That he was texed is, however, very certain, for his answer was both tart and peevish. He did not think, he said, that men in want would prefer to starve rather than apply to the Salvation Army for relief. That is true; but to the members of the deputation it must have been a rather bitter truth, from the utterance of which they might have been spared. It is now too late to alter the arrangements made in favour of the Army. Its officers are masters of the situation from the experience they have gained, and could not be put aside for new men without disadvantage to all parties concerned. An answer to that effect might very properly have been given to the deputation, and as it may be supposed that the members of it are not unreasonable, it would, we feel assured, have been satisfactory to them. We should be sorry to think that Mr. Graham was ^inconsiderate for the feelings of the men^s-giight be supposed from the answer he gave huh, but 'if 'ccrtfrtesy to those beneath him is net natural to him he should study the art, and be careful to practise it if any similar necessity for doing so should hereafter arise. THE VEBT likely many people have formed WEST HELBOUBNE very erroneous ideas DOCK. respecting the present condition of the West Melbourne dock. In the case of persons at a distance it could hardly be otherwise, as the newspaper reports of the opening ceremony would lead one to suppose that in the course of a few months it will be ready for the reception of large vessels. The facts of the case are that it is very far from being completed, and that in its deepest part, which is the centre of the excavation, vessels drawing at most 21 feet would now touch bottom. At the completed portion of the wharf the depth of water does not exceed six, feet, or at most seven feet, as there is a sloping bank round the whole area. There were, we believe, some engineering objections to completing the excavation with manual labour and traction engines, and so the Harbour Trust will have to do the work with its dredges. How long it will take to accomplish it will very much depend on circumstances ; but we do not expect to see the dock open for the reception of vessels before 1893, and a much longer time will probably elapse before the whole area is available .for its purpose. But, even under those circumstances, 1 the undertaking, though incomplete, is of great magnitude and importance. At least for the next fifty years the dock will afford as much snipping accommodation of that kind as will be needed. 