Cavalry Hiding Drill. The first riding leaeon usually takes place in tbe ' riding sohool,' where, as the floor is anvcred with ' tan,' the recruit who cornea ( ft will fall softly. Tbe military authorities don't wsnt their recruits laid up in hospital. The first lesson consists ot hading the horse around the riding fchool ; bo that tbe axiom o( learning to orecp before walking is slightly mndinari tiAra tnr tho rnnrnif. lanvna In «?nlt hia horse before riding him. When he has led his horso around ior a whilo, the horse's head ia brought in from the boards (i.t., the walls ol the sohool), and tho reoruit is taught to 'Btand at ease'1 and to Btep from side to side of his horse's fore feet in measured paces. Then aomea the ' mount;' and UBually the unfortunate reoruit has no sooner got up on one side than be rolls over on the other, owing to the vagaries of his bores, who knows that he has a reoruit in baud and takes advantage of it. Presently the order is given to ' march ;' and away file the horses around the sohool walls, many of tho recruits thinking that horseflesh is very perverse in rubbing its sido against the sohool wall with the reoruit's leg for a buffer. The day when I got my first riding lesson many of us started off by pulling on out horses' mouths, and got (to quote our rough rider) ' all over the ebop liko a paok of sheep.' Aftor a fow tuina round— during which the ' rough' taught us the aide to horsemanship ia the preliminary stages of the ' walk' — we learned that we wero not to ' pull our horses' heads off,' but to handle the reina gently by feeling them with our wrixtB and not with our wbole armB. All we liad to do (we were told) was to sit there and keep our bodieB upright with our Ghosts for ward, by hollowing the baok and drawing in our Btotnaohs, as well as to keep our ' ohini off nur Btooke' and our heads up. We began to boo that learning to ride was no trifling job. When it oame to fixing our legs, getting them well baok, raising our toes and sinking our heels, wo got more to do than we ever bargained tor. Your teaohor is a bard man to please ; and I'm sure that by sheer practice reoruitB at Canterbury have got all thoir etomaoha pressing up against their diaphragms. Otherwise- bow do they muster suoh small waists and suoh pigeon like chc?U ? The faot is that lungs, heart, liver, stomach, and spleen aro all paokod to gcthor chestward, like a tin of Australian mutton. Whether naturo over intended suoh cramming is a question that the military authorities don't study. Make your men as wooden as possible — nover mind natute — ia theii dictum ; and oertainly they are listened to After we had dona a littla walking around tho riding eohool, we got inoro confidence; and thonght, no doubt, that wu should like a bit of a ' trot,' just to too what tbat was like. When it did come to trotting many of na fell off, or nearly fell off, and we. went hobbling around the sohool — to quoto our rough-rider again — ' like a lot of Bluffed dolls riding yor horses from nose to ccoup.' And oertainly many ot us wero more often on our horses' withers and haunoheB than on the oonlro of their baoks, and we held our arms more often around their necks ihitn holding our reins. The 11 rouRh' culled m to a halt, and oven hero we were at fault, Somo of us pulled too inuob, orwepuliid too little, or wu pulled awry, with tho rnanli that ouf horsea were 'all over tho Bhop.' When at tist wo had stopped, our friend tho ' rough' again let ua know a bit of hia mind about our fir^t appearance as oavalrymen. lie ' never saw euoh a bloom ing lot of r eses in all his born dayR ; my old mother aould ride better than you,' &o.; He had probably told tho saruo yarn to genera tions ol recruits; but really we belioved tbat we were a set of out-and-out dufloro. After a few months' tiding drill the cavalryman learns to rirfo his horse at all paces; and when h: u.vi tako him through tho turns, oirolrK, aud windings ot tho mttiage drill, and knows how to uoo his 'artna' mounted, ho in fit to call hiraaolf a real cavalryman and is ready to go and fight bis oountr/'a wars when ho Rots a abanco It tho raader wanta to lenrn more ol OKvuVfy cquitat'on, ho had bottor join. A £aw mcmthii1 drill will tenoh him nil t\y\\\ hn 