ALL THE'HORRORS. (Daily News.) The ambition frankly avowed by The Fat Boy has in most agos boen yielded to by novelists. They havo wanted to moko our blood run cold ; and thoy have succeeded. But what raises the hair of one generation does not alarm anothor generation at all. Mr. Saintsbury, in " Tales of Mystery," offers extracts from the curdling romanees of Mrs. Radcliffe, Matnriii, and Monk Lewis. Thoy frightened our grcat-groat grandinothors (it is a shame, as Oldbuck says, that wo powsess no shorter word for- an ancoslross wo have such frequent occa- sion to speak of), but they would not alarm an infant of to-day. Will tho time arrive whon Sheridan Lo Faun coases to terrify, and when the " Life and Death of Thrawn Janet," as recounted by Mr. Stovonson, will morely provoko a smile ? Whon the lawyor and the butler ave outsido Dr. Joykll's door, ami hoar something stirring within, wo shudder; but wo no vor shuddor over poor Mrs. Radcliffo's corpses, palls, monks, draughty passages, scarlot curtains, and lout lo tremblement, as Mr. Saintsbury flippantly quotes the French idiom. What causes this lack of emotion 'I If wo nro still agreeably alarmed whon tho dent! Janot walks through the houso in tho " lown" and sultry stillness of the black suiniuor mid- night; if wo look cautiously around as wo poruso " Unclcu- Silas ;" if, ex hypothesi, wo can bo frightened, why do tho old authors and horrors only boro us? It is certainly not a fair chanco that thoy havo in oxtracts. Mr. Saintsbury, too, is an unsympathetic, scoptical editor; ho ia not terrified, ho neithor bolievos nor trombles. Donbtloss the "Mysteries of Udolpho" should bo read lato at night, by a waning canillo, in some such- castlo as Glamis or Dunvegan ; thoy should not bo road in a railway carriage, and by way of extracts. Yet, with nil advantages, "tho shuddor has do parted from Mrs. Radcliffe Born in 1704, and busy with novels only for soven years, Mrs. Radcliffe set a fashion -a fashion of which "Frankenstein" in eamost, and " Northangor Abboy" for diversion, aro tho most j>ormanont fruits. Monk Lewis followed the fashion. Maturin followed it. Byron bogan a novel ol' tho terriblo, only a chapter was finished, but that skoteh is worfili all that the Radcliffe school ovor produced. No ono who has road it forgets that excellent oponing, oho dying man, the Asian solitudo, tho mystic bird with tho serpont in his boak, among tho tombs. Mrs. lîadcliiïb's offoets aro familiar. Sho always has a vast, black, windy, Italian castle, poopled by bandits. She always has an innocont heroine. Tho innocont horoino's candle is constantly blown out in lone dark corridors whoro doors clang, and voicos whisper, and bats flit. Thora aro curtains concealing name- less horrors, thoro is blood dripping from tho walls, thero aro monks, and oaths, and the Inquisition. Tho horoino constantly faints, or loans for support on things in gonoral. Tripod lamps hang from tho vaultod r-oofs, and month-old corpses wooping tears of blood aro standing hero and thovo against tho wall. Yet wo fuel " moro than usual calm." In Monk Lowis's book tho Douce nppoars, hoarse with a bad cold, and docs not inspire any emotion but ridiculo and contempt. All tho moving panels and winking picture«, and secret passages, and wuk fígaros, and tho rest of illaro ijuito played out and obsololo. Yot Scott said Mrs. Radcliffe " should novor bo mentioned without tho high respoct duo to genius," and Mr. Saintsbury soos genius in Maturin. Is tho appalling then ho ovanes cont ? Is Mr. Kipling's " End of tho Pas sago" really ii foeblo pioco of facotioiiRiiess, and is thore nothing to curdlo tho blood in Sheridan Lo Fanu'u " Groen Tea" '? Will the day como whon tho " Full of tho Ifouso of Usher" can bo dismissed with a weary smilo ? Litonvturo is so much a matter of fashion, of tho Hontinioiit of the hour, that wo cannot answer thoso questions. In 1820 people were already laughing, whoro their ancestors had wopt ovor Mackenzio'a " Man of Feeling," just as they woro «hocked, where thoir fathers had boon deeply im- pressed, by Mrs. Aphra Rohn. Yoi we may urgo that Mrs. Katie)¡lib does not do her spiriting well. Sho shrinks from tho actual supernatural, sho explains lier horrors away, sho protracts tho agony, and whilo something very awful is forovor going to occur it nover does occur. Tho favourite character of Monk Lewis has suf'ferod from tho scepticism of tho ago, wo nmy say, but then ho is still awful when lie comes for " Thrawn Janet." May we not urgo that, in tho caso of Mr. Stevenson's story, the effect is produced by an imagination which restores historical fact? Doubtless, The Black Man, "Tho Accuser of tho Brethren," never haunted a Scotch manse, nor mado spoil of a paralytic old housekeeper. But it is certain that tho Cainoroniiins and their descendants behoved in all this. All this was true for thom. Mr. Stovonson's art makes the pooplo of tho parish live boforo tis ; ho creates tho minister so that wo can believe in him and sharo his emotions ; he produces in our minds tho atmospheric and spiritual offoets of a night of horror, so that wo aro reborn into tho seventeenth contury, into a village among the hills, and wo feel what its natives felt. Now neither Mrs. Itadeliffo nor Monk Lewis nor Maturin can thus call up the past again, and mako us sympathisers with Schedoni, or Emily, or " The Wanderer," yyjio, by the way, falls into extremo eld in a moinonl. Tho whistle of tho apo, Major Weir, in "Wandering Willio's Tale," is moro dreadful than all tho corpses, and veils, and clanging doors of the Castlo of Udolpho. Nay, Vernon Leo has made a moro horrible effect by showing us no ghost (in "Tho Phantom Lover") whore wo expected a ghost than slip could havo dono by turning loose a whole cemetery of spectres. Monk Lewis, Mrs. Radcliffe",, and tho rest harped too long on ono string. They weakened ex- pectancy, and Lowie was infinitely too explicit with his Lucifer. His Prince of Darkness was not a gentleman. Thus theso authors havo lost thoir vogue and their grip, but tho odd, inexplicable thing is that they once had a grip on readers. Perhaps tho shiftings of tasto aro in- explicable, and perhaps, in a generation Ppo and Le Fanu will have lost their spell. On the other hand, " The Confessions of a Justified Sinner," by the Ettrick Shepherd, quite failed to terrify his generation. Yet the book had the spell, and whoever cares to exhume and read it will admit that the Shepherd is still able to " gar you a' grue," as he would have said himself. But his work would lose nothing by abridgement, anid why should not Mr. Saintsbury add this curions little masterpiece to "The Pocket Library"? 