AWiONOST THE B0OKS. j . : q r ' literary gossip. Miss Giovanni Vittori has publishod a book entitlod Margaret of Savoy, in whioh she. baa gathered togothor. some interesting noteB on the ' life of that blamoloas Queon, and quotas many po'oma addressed to hor Mnjasty by Carducoi and other poets, as well as descriptions of various ffltes, tours and historic events at which the Quoon was prcsont. By a singular error the title of Lord Randolph Churchill's book was nnnounoed In the Pub- Ushers' Circular 13 Men, Minds and Animals in South Africa, instead of as Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston and Co. . now give it in its cor roded form in a supplement to that periodical : Men, Mines and Animals in South Africa. If the bulk is ho bettor than "tho sample to whioh Australian publication lias already been given, "mind": would bo one of the most incorrect of appellations.; : Mr. G. A. Sain was to.presido at tlio annual dinner of the London Association of Correctors of tho Press on 9th April. " I havo been a debtor,", writes tho veteran journalist, " to tho oorrcotors of tho press for 45 years;" an noknowlodgment whioh will bo shared in by Mr. Froudo and some, of tho foremost litterateurs of tl;o day. On the distinguished historian's at tention boing dirooted by a "reader's" query to anything questionable on his proof, it is in variably returned with tho word "thankB" written alongside tho emendation. Lord Tennyson lias often been consurod for continuing to tahf tho ponsion of £200 whioh ho reooived now nearly 40 years ago. It ought to bo known, however, that for many years tho Poot Laureate has derived no personal ad vantage from tho pension. Ho has given tho whole of .it for the relief of authors in distress. Ho has, in fact, constituted hijnsclf tho ahnouor of a fund of £200 a year, and has used it— no doubt with judgment and care — to relieve the necessities of authors. If ho relinquished tho ponsion it would hot bo conferred on another loss prosperous writer. Its abandonment would merely save tho State £200 a year, and Lord Tennyson thinks that tho money may be well employed in relieving the distress of men of letters. Correspondonco respecting the arrangements mado with Mr. Alexander Britton for com-' plating the second volume of the ffisloryqf New South Wales From the Beoords laid before tho Assembly shows that" tlio late. Mr. Geoffrey Eagar, the thon Under- Saorotary for Finnnoe and Trade, ,wroto to Mr. Britton .. on 2nd January, 1891, stating that ho . was directed by the Colonial Treasurer to make him an offor to complete the sooond volume of tho history left id an unfinished state by Mr. G. B. Barton on the same lines as nearly as practicable as those indicated by that gentleman, suoh completion to he effected within a reasonable time, and that for hiB corvices ho be paid at the rate of £1200 per annum, whioh could be drawn monthly. On tho same day Mr. Britton acknowledged tho receipt of tho communication and ncooptod tho offer on the conditions named. It is curious to compare the values whioh the proprietors of the Graphic and tho Illustrated. London News respectively put upon their con cerns. Tho nominal oapital of the News is, as appeared from tho rcoent registration of that journal as a company, £300,000. But the capital of the Graphic (including tlio Daily Graphic) is only £100,000. Of this amount £70,000 is paid : up. Thcsa and other figures woro given at a salo of some Graphic shares tho other day. Tho shares of £10 each (£7 paid) sold for £38 to £39 10s.— a slight riso on rcoent prices. The dividend last year was £1 2s. 6d. Before the Daily Graphic was started tho dividend was £3 4s. 61.— or nenrly 50 per cent. But the high prico at which tho shares aro now changing bauds shows that the purchasers share tho auctioneer's belief that before long "the profits of the past will again be realised. " Tho profession of "Ghost" is, it soems, not always luorativo, and thoro may be' instances where tho work dono is less important than that of the figurehead.: But Mr. R. H. Sherard, writing in last month's Author, cites an instanoo of " literary sweating " that will surprise most readers. "Here iu Paris," ho writes, "thoro aro many reputed authors who employ hacks to do their work for. them. I know of a fouilletoni that appeared not long ago in the Petit Journal, whioh was signed by oho of the host names in the literary , market. , Tlio presumed author received £1500" for this story. Every lino of it, howover, was written by an unfortunato youth, who was promised £80 for liis work. That was souio tima ago. tip to the present ho "has rccoivcd in small sums about a third of what was promised him. Occasionally the reputed man of letters gives him a 5 frano piece towards tho balanco. I know of mnny similar cases in England also." How aro tho' mighty fallen 1 At a London auctioneer's rooms the other day the public were offered tho right to use tho historio name, HanBnrd'B . Parliamentary Debates," and the eopytight of tlioir publication — privileges which, as tlio auotioncor romiudod his eustomors, were valued not moro than 18 months ngoatnota penny less than £60,000, and ns no ono could be fouud entorprising enough to offer a single "six pence, tho lot had to bo withdrawn ! A some what batter fato was in store for the complete sots of Parliamentary Debates wliioli wero brought to tho hammer. One set realised £110, and two others £70 eaoh. But other lots of a miscellaneous charaoter fetched littio bottor than wasto paper prices, and many had to bo withdrawn ueeause tho offers did not roach even that standard. Altogether the salo offered somo melancholy rctieotions on the look of appreciation displayed by ths publio of Parlia mentary eloquenoe. Wo have lntoly hoard a good deal about Hans Christian Audorson, his simple and, truth to toll, rather uncouth ways ; hut tliero is plenty of room for another story about him, despite tor booause) that it ohiefly concerns one who was greater than ho. Wo find it in An Acquaintance with Hans Christian Andersen, contributed to tho Century by Mr. H. H. Boyesen. Tho story wa9 told to him by Ander sen himself not long before he died. "I wish I could give you some lottere," he said, as I . re ferred to my intention of going to Paris ; "but my Parisian friends are either dead or so old that you scarcely would earn .to sco them, victor Hugo, to be sure, is still vigorous ; but my acquaintance with him is only slight Alexandre Dumas is dead. I shall never forgot f's great- woolly head- and his irrepressible jollity.' '.' I believe you toll s story . of yout first meeting with him in your autobiography," i remarked. "Yes ; i told- as rouoh of it as i dared to toll," ho replied. "But there is moro it,- and, if you -liko, I will toll you what I loft out.'.' On -my ; urging - him to supply the suppressed details, he . laughed gently to himself, and: continued:— ."It was during my second visit to Paris inl842 that I mot -Dumas. Whenovorl called I was told that ho was not up yet,- until' I oonoluded that lio spent -the whole day :ini bed. I know, however, .that no could not be sleeping ; for ho was publishing mmfti. ? i or 'reo romances and playB a month, and they all showed tho stamp of his luxurious imagination. I know it has been f , , ,,11 court that he did not notuolly write all of them ; but ho at least plotted them and supervised the writing. Ho lived in very grand oI-!!0n, 1 went to him, and i w#s a Broafc gourmand, who prided more on a salad ho had invented than on The Count of Monte Crista. I was Jco„him> m I had a letter of introduction, and all Paris was talking about htm. At last, whon I had called half a dozen times in vain, being always told tluit ho was in . 8 . UP my ter and dotormincd to wait until Bhould get up. After a while the Bor- vant returned and as'- d mo to aocompnny him to M. Dumas's bedreom. It was a splendidly furnished room, but in great disorder. As, I ontored, Dumas looked up, nodded kindly to mo, and said Sit down a minuto; I am just nftving & visit from a lady' and. seeing my astonishment, he burst Into a hearty laugh, and It is my Muse. Sho will be going aireotiy. , He was sitting np in bod as he said tins, writing at lightning speed, in a clear, beautiful hand, and' shying oaoh sheet, as ho finished' it, aoross the floor in all directions. T could scarcely stop for fear of spoiling his manuscript. I waited for. 10 or 15 minutes, during whioh ho kept scratch ing away, orying out every now and then; 'Vival Don, mon Garqonl Excellent, Alexandre 1 At last, with a jerk as of on earthquake, ho rolled his hugo form out of bed, wrapped the blanket about him toga fashion, and in this costume advanced towards me, declaiming furiously ottlie top of his voice. As lio strode along with tboatrlonl gestures I fell baok, half alarmed at his vohomonee ; and when I had -reached the door ho seized mo by the lapels of my cost, shook me gently, and said, 'Mow; isn't -that magnificent, oh? Superb; worthy of Racine !' I assented, as soon as I could oatoh my breath, that it was vory mogniflccnt. 'It's my new play,' ho said. 'I writo an aot, and often moro, before breakfast. This is the third aot I have just finished.' " "What there was so dreadful in this story that tlie stibplo minded writer of fairy tales was afraid to toll it all in print, is rather a mystery. But Andersen never grew accustomed to tho wayB of Bohemian geniuses. 