TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. HY " NUNQUAM DOKMIO." TJI I: nt 1 I-IIIJNUO^ at Caulfield on Saturday was not sueh as iiiialit reasonably have been expected on sueh a pevieet afternoon, and with the full knowledge that Seeretarv Harrie Smith had fmnislit-1 an exHIent bill of fare for discussion. For ail that, there was a very fail- attendance, and as tln> fa-, oiii-itns c<"'t home in four out of the six events. tin- noble army of punters had every reason to be on the best of ^'ood terms with themselves. THK openlm; event, a Two Year Old Handicap, of three t uilmifis and a-half, served to still further emphasise 1 lie i'aet that. Jlr. Septimus Miller owns an ex 'epli"nnllv fast two-year-old in Meg, as the NeekevsL'aT — Merrilies filly won like a thorough lady, even with the terrible lieavy inijiost of Hi')., by three-quarters of a length from MY. S. ("link's brown colt The Friend ; Mr. J. Minim's colt A-iister beinu; third, two lengths away: thirteen others constituting the field. Time, ll-.'.^ec. The betting was ."> to 2 against Meg, -! to 1 Anagram, li to 1 The Friend, S to 1 Ausler. Tin- fourth consecutive victory of the sister to Ma'ideiina »'ii« liailod witli the lie.irtie.st demonstration.; of delight, especially by the patrons of the tlar. who were so loyal iutheii allegiance that they actually liniught her price down to 0 to + at one time, albeit- at the fall of the flag 'J to 1 could readily have biien attained. And when she was seen sweeping liotne iirst, and successfully sUlling off .1 .splendid effort by C. I^wis on The Friend, the yells of enthusiasm that rose on the air mingled with expressions of " Another Carbine '" bure testimony to the fact that the victory of tlio red jacket, red and v.-hite sleeves and cap was an cx.-wlinir popular one; as it had every right to he. seeing thav each and every occasion Meg haslioi'ii s:tdilied up her owner has made no secret of tile matter that lie believed she -would win, and iMiuhl do so if nhe possibly could. SAM ri-.i. *' At'TH 1,'OOK'S colt, who finished second, U a son iif lii.-hnioiiil and Camilla, and as lie was must .li- id.'dly eoniinc- at the right end, and as tlie tinie was exceedingly good, it will pass without savin-;, if lh" Pytcliley Ijodge establishmint lias a better in the stable than The Friend, t In- maroon and silver banner is bourid to ),e Hoiiu'where aliout the vati at the finish of the .Mai iiiynioiig Plate. Jul-: Mt'Sito's liibinson Crusoe—Aurora colt A uster is also a something more than useful sort of a customer; and —like all tiie Kohinson i 'riisoes — will doubtless develop with time. 1 sin.-erely irnst this may ho so. as there is no more deserving young trainer ill Victoria than the smne .hie Monro; albeit a very unfortunate one. as the sad occasion which iiefe! his promising (illy. Haughty, on the track on Tuesday morning, and which necessitated her destroya), placed beyond doubt. THE Hurdle liaeo attracted seven runners only, and of these Fire King and Holton wore deemed the most worthy of confidence, the first-mimed having a slight, call in the betting at (i to 1. whilst 2 to 1 could have hueu easily obtained about Holton ; Killarnef being next iu favour at 7 to j. The hitter cut out the running fort-lie best part of the -journey; but coming to the home turn fleobie brought Bollon up with a wet- sail, his victory being loudly proclaimed half-w.iy up the straight, when Joe Gardiner sat down on the favourite, and driving him along in (tie most vigorous fashion lie caught the leader wit hin the last hundred yards, and, wearing him oouipletely down, secured a clever victory by a length ; Killarnev, who was not persevered with after pursuit seemed hopeless, finishing third, three lengths away. Time,-luiin. THEN the great event of the day came on for decision—this being the Armadale Handicap, of one mile and a furloug, for which seventeen faced the startor. Of these Tim Swiveller found most favour, to 1 heiug the best offer against him as the horses left the'mark ; ildreef and Litigant being next in demand at- about o to 1 each, (lie first-named having shgfhtly the ealj •• whilst Graduate at T's, and Villiers, Accident and Little. Boh at Ill's also attracted slight attention. It was a one-horse race right- throughout the th transaction; for although Paddy M ii.iivnii layabout- six- til during tlie earlier portion of the race he forged Goh.lreef through like a shot out of a gun as the field swept down to tlie home turn, and —even after taking a " steadier "in the. straight — eventually won by six lengths from Litigant, whose nearest attendants were Proponnder, Competency, Ilium, Graduate and Tim Swiveller in order. Time. lmin. .1!/see. Not at- ali a bad go. EIOUT started (1 was nearly writing cnnletletl, hut that would have been palpably wrong) in the Selling liace, of five furlongs, the weight of "coin" soon bringing Yarinon down to even money. :( to 1 being offered against The Bud, aud 4 to 1 Both well. The Bud and Sardo made matters pretty merry for three furlongs and a-half, but after that distance had been travc-scd Mocirfi brought Variniin up, and ipiieklv settling whatever pretensions either might have li:id, the St. Albans —Duenna gelding romped home a winner two lengths in advance of Th- J Bad, following whom eimu Bothwell. finishing very fast. Time, liuin. :S!se(.\ ON being submitted by auction Varmoii was purchased by Mr, 1. T. Carslake for jtilM, the club netting ilio over the transaction. IDENTICALLY the same number (eight) deployed y into the arena for the next event on the card— the Steeplechase, of about two miles. For a day or two beforehand, and during the earlier portion of the day, it had been noised abroad that Mr. .1. O. Inglis was going to ride Titokowarn, and that the gallant captain fancied the event was a giftto the New Zealand ancient of days bar a fall. In th eousequence thereof " Titv " was made a- warm favourite as soon as ever the hooks opened, 2 to ] y being eagerly accepted towards the close of l- pencilling operations ; Vengeance II. coining next at 4's. followed by Puzzle at 5's, and Ksmond and Rob Koy at (i to 1. Kol> Hoy and Knight were the first to •' Pa'ugh-ahallfigli " (which is K--Hie for •' cleir the way "), the gallaut Scotch man sailing over the obstacles in faultless fashion, and holding the pride ol' place until approaching the last jump but one, when Titokowarn iomed issue, the two taking off together. Once over tlio fence, however, the Scottish marauder appeared to get an attack" of the slows, as lie couldn't live alongside the.Maorilander, who won (pulling up) six lengths to tlio good of Puzzle, who in turn was a couple of lengths in advance of Bob Koy ; Knight fourth, Schoolboy fifth and Esmond sixth ; the other two having turned turtle. Time, .Juiin. lOjsec. THEHF. was a candidate in the Steeplechase about whom Dame humour had been particularly busy during the latter end of the week, those in the "know, you know," averring that lie was as good as, if not a better horse than. Boulevard. Strangely enough, lie is a grey, too ; his name being Omeo. He didn't seem to receive a great deal of support in the paddock, but out amongst. " the lower orders" he was hacked "like w iking." His backers were very quickly out of th misery though, as lie came a cropper at the first, fence. Perhaps his peculiar headgear had something to do w-it-h it; as there some whispers about his having "a terror of a mouth.'' Under any circumstances he hardly looked wound-up enough to compete with success just- yet; and as to his failiug early in (he race —why, Cirjat Ifedleap himself was guilty of a similar blunder on his initial venture over the sticks at Canlfield. 1 WAS very much disappointed at Esmond's performance in the Steeplechase, as 1 was always under the impression that, he wasn't, half a bad 'un in second-class company. On Saturday he travelled ill a most erratic fashion, and jumped as slovenly as slovenly could he. Vengeance II. came down at the fence of the treble parallel with the straight. As soon as it bora me definitely known that Fortunntus was going to have "a cut" in the ltosstown Handicap, of five furlongs and ii-ijuarter. there was a blackguard rush to get on to the supposed good thing, as a result of which he figured at ii to 2 in a tie Id ol' seventeen starters. Next in demand was The Haihour Light, about whose chance 4 to 1 was accepted. ~i to 1 being offered against Sir John, 7 to 1 against Silverstream, IS to 1 Mercury, and JII to 1 Eldorado. T?ie latter is an aged geldiDg by Glorious from Lizzie, and has been for some time under the charge of Willy Filgate at. Flemington, who turned him out in first-class trim. Fortunatus appeared t.o have a winning chance at the entrance to the .straight, hut when Tom Hales called on him for an effort iio seemed to " chuck if up," and swerved all over the sl.op, eventually finishing fourth. Meanwhile Eldorado kept on the even tenor of his w-ay, and—judiciously ridden by Day (who dewed up a reef or two coming up the straight)—he passed the winning post a head in front of Fortunatus' stable companion. Emblem, who was a. length ahead of that unfortunate animal The Harbour Light. THK time for the ltosstown Handicap — lmin. T.jsec.—is remarkably slippery, being ouly once beaten in Australia, namely, by Wild Pose's lmin. Tsec. in the Oakleigh Handicap. Emblem, who made such a- tight fit of it with Eldorado (the weights being list. 71b. t.o 7st. 2lb.l, is a three-year-old colL of great promise. AWAY over "the other side"—that, is to say, Pandwick way—the Australian .lockev Cluh held high revelry, the weather heiug exceedingly fine, the fields large, the finishes exciting, and, as a. natural conseijuence, the i it-erest extremely keen. Naturally enough, the results of the races at the A..l.C. Spring Meeting are always eagerly scanned by those Victorian sports who are compelled to stay at home, and so, with a. hope that. 1 may be ahle IO point "a moral " even if J fail to adorn the (ale, I shall proceed to wade through the first day's events zerialhn. PiiocKKiiiN^s opened with a two mile and a-half Hurdle- Race, for which IS started, the betting being as follows;—."i to 2 I'ro-Consol, ii Bettina. 7 Tramp, is Manerou, Hi Frantic. Maneroo was leadi-jig the field and -showing' n very bold front when he fell, and the issue was left between Frantic and Pro-Consul, who entered the straight, together, the former just getting the advantage of Tom Payteli's horse and winning by a neck after a splendid struggle, Tramp finishing third, B"ttiua, fourth and Vanguard next. Time, "nnin. •Usee. A DOZEN and a-half saddled up for the Trial Stakes, of a mile and a-ipiarter, amongst theui being a Victorian representative—Aurelius—who was piloted by B. Williams. The Martini- Heiirv— Urallacolt Oiric was selected asa good thing-for this, and he became a pronounced favourite at 2 to 1, the next.in favour being Orichton at 5 to 1; Albsrcoreand Prime Minister (7 to 1 each) finding most favour of the others. Ulric did not get away amongst the first Hlght, which consisted of Pnnda, Alhercoi'c, Aurelius and Crichton; hut going along the back he ran up into third place, and remained there till well into the straight, when he made a fast, run up alongside the rails, and deleated Jimmy Monaghan's Isaac by two lengths, Honda, being a length and a-half further away, followed h.v Usal Luce and Crichton. Time, 2tniu. l'Jlsne. THE A.,I.C. Derby narrowed down to a field of five. Camnola, as a mat-tor of course, being ( lie toff of the quint ette, and an odds on favourite. So enamoured were his friends of his show th.it in some instances they actually laid to 1 on the son of Chester and Copra: albeit, o to 2 would be a fairer quotation. The only other candidate to recsive anything approaching a genuine support was At-talus, who was entrusted with a moderate amount at o to 1; 10 to 1 being on olfer against either of the other three. When the flag fell Blarney Stone (thebrother to Marvel) assumed command, but after a dozen strides Arquebus raced to the front and brought- the field along at a rare bnt; the positions when they .got fairly set going being — Arquebus six lengths ahead of Attains, a length behind whom cniue Camoola, followed by DJII O'Connor and Blarney Stone. When half the distance had been covered Attains broke a blood-vessel, and dropped to the rear, lioundiug the home turn Camoola began to overhaul Arquebus slowly but surely, and succeeded in get-ting upsides with him at the distance, where Blarney Stone advanced his claim, but was compelled to do so on the outside. Despite this he made a very bold bid for blue riband honours, lint- failed to get closer than two lengths of Arquebus, who in turn WAS a length behind Camoola; Dan O'Connor was a bad fourth, and Attains, who was bleeding profusely, walked in. Time, 2min. -Msec. EVER since he achieved that extraordin irilv brilliant triumph iu the Oakleigh Handicap at Caullield last February ihe cognoscenti have had f.heir eye on Cam tola, whose iiuni"nse st.ride, coupled with a beautifully even action 1 hat- is only fitly described by the somewhat hackneyed expression "the pjetry of motion," pronounced him to be e.ve.ry inch a stayer. Coming events cast their shadows before with regard to Camoola aud the V.R.C. Derby, as on Saturday morning by was backed in Sydney to win that event for a heavy commission down to 2 to 1. whilst Autonomy receded iu the betting. Natheless, 2 to 1 is ii very short price to accept about a race six weeks off from next. Saturday ; aud, another thing, although Autonomy appears to be a bit "off colour" just now, there is ample time for him to recover any slight indisposition. His performance on Saturday was not such an inglorious one, after all, and therefore backers should he chary of following up the latest craze, and accepting odds that are simply ridiculous. Great colt though Camnola undoubtedly is, I shall be surprised iu the extreme if he. starts for our Derby at a shorter price than 2 to 1. That is, piovidcd our owners ami trainers make up their minds to oppose him in earnest.. There havB been times—and numbers of them, too—when owners and trainers have " funked '" running their horses out against what was deemed "a certainty;" the result being that, although they ostensibly competed against biui, they hacked him all the same. I grant you that there is not much chance of this happening 111 such a classic event as the Victoria Derby, and 1 am perfectly satisfied that two or three owners of fairly good colts in tin 1 forthcoming one would sc-irii to allow possession of the blue garland to go by default. Hut I would thai there were more of 1 he .same kiduev. Tin-: Epsom Handicap w.is a complete boil-over, a 2" to 1 chance winning easily, whilst t'hesecond and third figured at 12 to 1 each in the quotations. ISIotwithstanding the fact that lie had five-.'tnd twenty horses to deal with, Mr. Tom Watson despatched the field away on splendid terms in the mile dash; the colours of Florrie, Shamrock. Victor Hugo, Bendigo and Cardoness being amongst the most prominent immediately after the (lag fell. Aftorac.oupleof furlongshadbeen traversed the bold Bendigo went to the front, his more immediate utteudmts being Gaytnne, Victor Hugo. ICibuore, Cumino and Spyglass. Five furlongs from home. Kilmore was in the van, followed by Victor Hugo, Giytiiii', Cumino, Spyglass and The Workman in order. Furlong after furlong, for the full tally of three, did Kilmore hold the pride of place, the while FJorrie. Daredevil. The Workman, Kookaburra and Shamrock became his more direct followers, in the order given. Sweeping round into the straight Daredevil shot up level with Kilmore, and the pair ran locked together to the distance, when Daredevil gave his companion a racing go-by, and won comfortably by t wo lengths ; Shamrock finishing haif-a-leiigth off Kilmore, behind whom came Oavtiine, Cardoness and Helene. Time, lmin. -Iti.s'ec. DAHKDI:VH,. who is by the uubeaten Grand Flaneur from Telescope (by Piscator —Lady Speu, by Speculum), was well backed by the patrons of Joe Burton's stable at ItlO's too, a. few private individuals getting the "tip aryghte" in Melbourne that the three-year-old was worth bucking, although his only successes 11s a two-year-old were a couple of events at the Bithurst- Turf Club's Birthday Meeting. In all he had started half-adozen times livst season, and only those more intimately connected with him gave him the credit of having even the ghost, of a show for such an important event, as the Epsom Handicap, more especially as the race was cut; out as fast a,s ever a mile had previously been traversed in Australia.—namely, linin. 40sec. THK meeting of such a quartette as Marvel, Autonomy, Bungebah and Oxide iu the Spring Stakes, of a mile and a-half, was of itself sufficient to cause intense interest to be taken in the event; additional zest being added thereto from the fact that K.-ialm, Little Hemic, l'ippin, St. Albans II., Ruen-ilf aud Candour were likewise taking a hand in the tryst. The doughty deeds of Autonomy as a two- vear-old, combined with the excellent reports of his doings supplied by the horse-watciieis on the Randwiek training tracks, were sufficient warranty for his being installed first favourite; and, so sanguine were the "pilsh" behind him of his invulnerability, that they actually laid '1 to -i on him at tho finish of the wagering. Despite the teachings of history, the backers of Marvel likewise planked their pieces down right merrily, 4- to 1 being his quota' lion when the flag fell; whilst a small, but select, following pinned their faith to Bungebah, aud in no uncertain fashion, as at one time the halfbrother to Autonomy touched (i to 1. The sequel proved that they knew what they were doing, too, as " Bungy " took command five furlongs from home, and was never afterwards headed, wiuning easily by a length and 11-half from Oxide, who heat Autonomy by three-parts of a length for second place; Marvel, Ruenalf, Realm, Little Bernie, St. Albans 11., Candour and l'ippin finishing in the order given. Time, 2min. 421sec. AITEB the race there was the usual " twaddle " indulged in by interested parties as to Liddiard having 110 proper control over the favourite, and that it was a falsely run race; but 'twas ever thus when human" judgment has proved to be deficient anent a liorse race. Argot we may have to bide a wee ere we discover the true reason for this apparent thusness. OXIDK'K second to Bungebah and defeat of Autonomy and Marvel, proves the little son of Sardonyx t<j be in good nick; but the very fact that he is a son of Sardonyx reminds one what an unfortunate good little horse his dad wa.s-.-a]ways in a place, and hut rarely in the right one; the same as John Tait's old favourite, Strathearn, in days of yore. RIOHTLY or wrongly, it impresses itself upon me that St. Albans II. was out for an exercise gallop more than aught else; tho weight of money the four-year-old son of Goxn and Rosebud has been entrusted with for the Melbourne Cup being confirmation strong that his party fancy liini muchly for the great two mile event, with Kst. fill). 011 his back. By-tbe-way, 1 failed to find the dam of St. Albans 11. iu tho Stud Honk. Surely it cannot be the mare by Sir Hercules from a daughter of The Marquis, who ran away with the Metropolitan Stakes in 1871. She was a six-year-old then, and I aui not likely to forgot- the event, as I had a big double (at some ridiculously long price) with Antony Woollier ["Mem.—The man that was lowered over the rocks at The Gap (Sydney Heads) to rescue the only survivor from the wreck of the Dunbar) about the double—.Tavelin for the A.J.C. Derby, and Florence for -the Metropolitan. Javelin won the Derby right enough, starting at about 100 to K; but John Tart's beautiful daughter of Boiardo and Rose of Denmark (who had won the two Derbies the previous year) went off a few days before the event, and I was left, like Lord TJllin, lamenting. Talking about Antony Woollier, what a business he used to do in that little list chop of his (somewhere about where Gaunf's establishment now stands) in Bourke-street in those days! By crikey! he used to lay long odds; but if he had only stuck ti> the legitimate thing, and not gone t rying to back them himself, he would undoubtedly have been one of the kings of the King. He landed a .splendid haul over the double—Commodore (for the A.J.C. St. Legcr), and Vixen (for the Sydney Cup); but he went through it. and the last time 1 saw him—about 11 or 12 yearn ago— he was marking in a billiard room in If ing-street, Sydney. His bravery in allowing himself to be loweredover the rocks to rescue the disabled seaman (who had been thrown upon the crest of a big wave on to a narrow ledge, hundreds of feet either from the top or the ocean) created an immense amount of enthusiasm at the time; but Woollier himself made but little of the circumstance, stating that he had been brought up lo the business when a boy, as in Iceland, where he was born, the lads had at certain seasons of the year to he loweivd over the cliffs to obtain the sea birds' eggs for food. Harking back to the A.J.C. meeting, a score toed the Herat oh for the final event on the first day, this being the Kensington Handicap, a mile dash. A three-year-old filly named Widden, in Jem Payten's stable, was made favourite, 4 to 1 being accepted about her, the others that received support being—Princess at 7 to 1, Associate and Othmar at H to 1, Prime Minister at 10 to 1, and Newcastle, lioburite and The Giftat.l2tol. Once more did the pensive punters come" wallop," as Newcastle, a three-year-old son of Splendour and Camilla, who had the assistance of ]}. (Sough (7.2) in the pigskin, jumped away with the lead, was never headed, and won by four lengths in Imin. 42sec. Koburite (another three-year-old) was second, and Prime Minister thiid, the succeeding •'noddies" being AHUnce, All Sorts, Wild Bird and Widden. Tiru victory of Allhotas over Vespasia, Selkirk and twenty-two others in the Metropolitan Stakes fully demonstrates the glorious uncertainty of the Turf, the five-year- old son of Phil-Athol and Goldine starting at 33 to 1. Natheless, T know some people in town who were " on " to the good thing. The time, 2min. 3(lisec., is the fastest ever achieved at llandwick, although it is lialf-a-secoud slower than G'Naroo's Caulfield Cup, and a second longer than Prince Imperial's record in the Ha-vkeshury Handicap. Arquebus started the favourite at 4 to ], but was never in the hunt; but the second favourite, Selkirk (3 to 1),finished witli remarkable gameuess. Crichton (by Cliveden—Gliinni Ghinni) must be a pretty fair colt, as be put down Blarney St me, Calculus and seven others in the Spring Maiden Stakes, covering the mile and a-lialf in 2min. 40sec. The unfortunate accident which befel An trims on the Flemington training ground last weekshould riot be allowed to pass by without comment. The eminent American philosopher, ltalpli Wando Emerson, ever and always advocated the theory that Out of Evil Cometli Good ; and it is to be hoped that his theory will prove correct iu so far as t he unfortunate contretemps that has put Antceus temporarily hors d' combat is concerned. The mishap did not happen on any of the made tracks, but on the grass track inside the course proper; the injury being occasioned through Antocus stepping on the end of a splinter (some two feet or bo) off a hurdle witli one of his fore feet, and causing it to tilt up in the air aud catch the coronet of the hind leg as it moved forward, imbedding itself therein. The splinter having been withdrawn, veterinary assistance was procured as soon as possible, and lor a time it was thought no serious effects would follow. However,two days after (on Friday) the, symptoms were so bad, and Antajus displayed signs of being in such a high state of fever, that the services of Mr. Holliugham (M.R.C.V.S. Lond.) were called in, and with the happiest results, as that gentleman discovered and immediately removed a picce of wood two inches in length, the presence of which had not previously been detected. This once taken away, a change for the better immediately set in, and, up to the present, Antwus has been steadily progressing very favourably indeed; much mora so, in fact, than the most sanguine could possibly have believed. Of course, the wound will materially interfere with the preparation of Sir Modred's horse for his Spring engagements; but. it is pleasant to be able to assure admirers of a good horse that his trainer has not yet abandoned all hope of bringing him hearty and sound to the post therefor. So far, so good. Now for my homily. I am thoroughly conviuced that there is not a man engaged on the Flemington course, no matter what his capacity may be, but has the ambition to have it as perfect a training ground as it is possible for hands of man to make it. But, unfortunately, the Works Committee of the V.R.C. have been rather backward in this connection. No doubt these gentlemen can point to the fact that year after year a largo amount of money has always been expended in forming new gallops, and in keeping the old tracks in order. That is perfectly true Aud it is likewise true that the return, in the shape of training fees, has only been a mere fractional part of the sum so expended. But that latter matter should not be taken into consideration at all. Directly, they have not got an equivalent return, but, indirectly, the grist has been brought to the mill. The more horses that can lie brought fit and well to i-he prist at Flemington the gieater "will be the public enthusiasm aud excitement, and the more the V.K.O. ns an institution will profit thereby. Granted that over i!oiwO wore spent in improvements and on the training tracks last year. What of that? If it took another £5000 this year they should be made at least safe to work upon. And with all due deference to the powers that be in the V.H.C., I cau assure them that there is only one gallop that is perfectly safe at (lie present time, or that has been safe for some months past. That gallop is the made track inside the course proper. As to ihe Sand Track— well, the linuger and his assistants keep on patching itup periodically; but it is only a patching-iip after all. You see it has been in existence now for over a quarter of a century, and (originally formed of road scrapings) the bottom has got solidified as hard as cement. That is as n general thing. This would be bad enough (owing to its jarring effect) were it uniformly in that condition : but unfortunately in parts the upper crust lias been broken through, and there are hundreds of holes into iny of which it would mean a wrenching of the fetlock for a horse to place a loot whilst galloping. I had often heard of this ill dear old Joe Morrison's time ; but after the big flood last year 1 had Ocular Demonstration of the fact. The stuid and tan had been washed clean nil' for a. space of about a hundred yards, and there it stood—a bed as hard as a macadamised load, witli every few yards a succession of holes as big round as a soup-plate. And what was the, result r Why. the sand and tan was simply replaced, aud there the traps remained. " What the eye didn't seethe heart didn't grieve over." It is AH ltulibish—no amount of Tinkering with the Sand Track will ever achieve any permanent good. It will have to undergo a thorough overhaul. The top lajer of sand and tan will have to be removed, aud the bottom ploughed up and remodelled. Then there will lie a track 6econd to none in the universe, and which would last for generations. The Tan Gallop is another delusion aud snare. A snare that, if I was a trainer I should always letseverely alone. Oh ! I grant you, that at times it looks Very Nice aud Pink with its coating of fresh tan. But just get down a bit below the surface! Heavens! What a Revelation ! "Cluck —Cluck—Cluck!" goes your stick, like a sjphon drawing water. And, as a mutter of fact, that is just what your stick is doing as you attempt", to remove it. The bed of the tan gallop is in parts one mass of sodden putrefaction ; and woe lie to the aniuial who gets its legs therein ! This particular going has always been a thoni in the side, of the Ranger and his subordinates, owing to the difiiculty there is iu draining it thoroughly. It. is an unt'ortuuate thing that water will not drain up a hill; but still it-is a melancholy fact all the same. And that being so, the only way I see out of the difficulty is to have a large reservoir constructed in the centre of the training ground, and allow the tan gallop to drain into that; it being a very easy thing to pump the drainage into the Saltwater River afterwards. Years ago in these very columns I advocated a valuable prize being offered by the V.R.C. for the best design for draining the Flemington training ground. Were such a thing done, only fancy the host of experts, all over the colonies, who would attempt to hand their names down to posterity in connection with such an object! To say nothing whatever about the res jx'cumnj-iun part of the business. The Track Inside the Course Proper is undoubtedly the best ,of the three; but then it. is only a mile in circumference, aud cannot till all the requirements of the case, especially prior to the Spring and Autumn campaigns. Tub Grass is only brought into requisition when the other tracks are not available, or when a traiuer wish eshis charges to take walking or trot ting exercise. It was during the latter that Alliums met. with his injury. As a rule there is not a great deal of supervision given to the grass, except perhaps after a meeting, when some of the V.R.C. employes are deputed to go round and collect all the debris. Latter-day developments, however, tend to show that more attention should be paid to this particular part of the course, inasmuch as the hordes of young hoodlums that periodically visit Flemington delight in having a " cock-shy" at any bottle (or fragment thereof) they may either find or bring with them, and numberless have been the occasions on which truly frightfullooking pieces of broken glass have been picked|up by persons taking a stroll across to the schooling hurdles and fences. During the summer these are plainly to be discerned, but when the verdure grows during the spring they get covered over, and become doubly dangerous. Splinters off raiis aud hurdles are also laying perdue ; and surely to goodness labour is cheap enough at the present time for the Works Committee of the V.R.C. to see to it that at least one individual is appointed to act as chiffonnicr (in the vulgar tongue, " rag gatheror") of these oddities. 