FOUND GUILTY, . OB ' : Ralph Ghahdos' Fate. A Stirring Tale of the Early Days of Botany Bay. Foundedon Fact. CHAPTER TL A 'WITNESS. The night fell in strange, pale gloom uponStrathmore Park. 1 The show fell silently and steadily in a white sheet, driving into corners and against palings, and covering the earth : «$Vj$h -a ghostly shroacL Directly after dinner" Ralph Chandos ; mounted his lu>rsev and rode bvef to Pelham World his betrothed and to exchange ] with her vows of eternal fidelity. The iSnterview between the lovers had been odoati^fiori by Mr Pelham, who; well as he "lilsefl'the young man, consideredhim, ^tS^sptesent prospects, not altogether , an eligible euitor for the beantifal young r. heiraaSii-The hanker proposed an abso ~;:hiteflHboltttion of theengagementejrist _1the yonng 'pair, on the ,,4ive ^. fiaars yet, ahd that he,' Mr PeUuuai^ would not >give hie daughter to &ah;%hnSmist five upon her money. Miss Pelkaji retiredto her room, pro mising to wait for her lover a lifetime, if need be, and he, setting IrisiipB together In a stern' self-repression, departed, groping his horse back to the Park. : Those who saw him enter the great hall of his ancestral home on his Teturn, • iris boat white with snow, bib yonng face , .'pallid, despairing, desperate, his steel \- bine eyes burning like coals, shook their heads gravely, and wondered what had happened to their beloved young master. He dashed np the stairs like a' whirl wind, passing ITprman Brabazon on One of the broad landings without speaking, •and rushed into his own chamber, slam ming the door behind him. 1 Brabazon smiled evilly, and continued his descent.- A few paces below he came upon Morse, one of the footmen, who was staring in the direction in which yonng Ohandos had vanished, surprise depicted upon his every feature. Brabazon shrugged bis shoulders: " There's some trouble afloat," he re ■mnrlrnd, smoothly. "Mr Ralph is in a perfect gale of temper, fle looked as if he were bent on some desperate deed." " He do indeed; sir," replied Morse.' never saw the yonng master look like that before. He is in some trouble son. Brabazon passed on, and Morse gossiped with his fellows, all of whom % tMs time were well aware that. "Mr Balph" was to leave Strathmore in-the morning, that lie had fallen intosome disgrace with Ms uncle, and that his marriage witii Miss Belhamhad been broken off. A word or two front Brabazon at an earlier honr of rthe ■evening had caused a disseminationof ja knowledge of the true state of affairs between Lord Strathmore and his helr. As Balph Chandos, who wasashrave as* lion and generous as the son, was s great favorite in the household, ageneral sympathy jirevailed onhisbehidf. Brabazon spent the evening with the baron in the library. - At :10 o'clock he gave his arm to Ms lordship, and helped ex Mbltmg a-'eoleifeaeftludfri^M^ npon the servants and npon its object;- He helped^his ■ uncle-: into" hU/ibedrobin, a great ldfty HMHn.'{mmuhra >wi& the utmost lordry, and eicffieonc^ iiim in an armchair before £be4>rightheartlu Lord Strathmore's. valet was in wait^ ing, and Brabazon did not linger. He made, however, a brief allusion to Chandos, and the baron replied to it -by cursing his younger nephew, and swear ing a gnat oath that Chandos ehonld be cast forth in the morning,, and if Ins aliowance did sot content him be should earn his own living. The valet pricked up Ms ears at this, and Brabazon mattered something sboat the young man being in a desperate mood, and then withdrew. Lord Strathmore was undressed and pat to bed. Daring the process , he ventilated bis grief to his attendant, and indulged in invectives against "that murderous young dog,1' declaring that be should not feel safe till he was ont of the house. At eleven o'clock, . the baron was asleep, and the valet, his duties for the. night ever, departed to his own quarters in a distant portion of the mansion. The great stable clock had struck the hour oi one. The Bnow was still fatting softly, ceaselessly, and in a white palL The pale gloom outside was fall of chill and 'desolation. Within the splendid mansion the lights were nearly all ex tinguished. The hush and gloom were oppressive. | ySoon after the sullen clanging of the | ^yglqek,-irith its single booming stroke J Norman Brabazon crept from his room. A light bnrned dimly in the lower lull,! and in its feeble emanation one might \- fea'reeeen how ghastly pale be was. His —small black eyes gleamed with a mnr < derous light. His lips were set together in a tense, hard line. He was nerved to an appalling deed, and looked like in carnate murder. He crept through the dimness and stillness of the long hall with the stealthiness of a cat. He had removed his shoes, and his feet were muffled in thick stockings. His garments were black. He paused at the door of Lord Chandos's room and listened. The sound of regular breathing came to his ear3. He opened the door softly and looked in. The young man was ii bed and asleep. His portmantean stood j near the door, packed for his departure in the morning, as could be seen by Ithe pale glow of the firelight. Brabazon's features quivered with demoniac exaltation and hatred^ He crept nearer the bed and glowered upon his young rival. How noble ahiL'hand some was Ghandos even in Sleep ! Brabazon shook his fist at faint in a deadly, silent faiy, and crept iway as he hadfcotae, with a cat-like Btealtjn ;»-yAftam in the great; di«^ttpj»er hall, Iteintoved onward like n'CfairabjV to Lord: Sfaathmore's robin-at its door^and peered r;8rottti<l ^fiih. No one: was visible anywhere in the gloom. He opened the door of his ancle's chamber SUdcrept within. The sea-coal fire was still burning, and its glow made visible the varions articlesof furniture, including the bed. Brabazon's keen eye swept the chamber. Keen as it was, it failed to note the quiver of the plate-glass window forming the door of an armoire or wardrobe in-a recess near at hand. The valet was gone. All was safe. He stole to the bedside. The old lord was sleeping. A ray of firelight rendered plainly visible his shape; high features, grey hair, his bared and skinny throat. It was a noble face that of the Baron of Strathmore, but evenin his sleep one conld trace upon his vishge signs of the ruling passions of his "life—parsimony, selfishness, and cruelty. The Lord of Strathmore had always disliked Chandos, principally' because Ghandos mast inherit the title and estates of Strathmore after him. The ydnng man' was generous, and he esteemed generosity a.heinous fault. The young man was loved by household: and tenantry; and he knew himself dis liked, tend this embittered him. There was a doken reasons equally unreason-: able why he hated his yonnger nephew ; butBrabazon was a man after his own heart,, and as much as his warped and selfish soul conld love any one, he i loved Norman Brabazon. It had always been a matter of regret to lum that; Brabazon could riot have come next in j succession. His elder nephew had many* of his faults, and these he esteemed virtues. . ] He had always been kind to Brabazon, had given him an annual allowance of money doable that assigned his heir apparent, had poshed Ms fortunes with zeal, and had assisted him to become what he now was, a brilliant if an scrapdlous politician, and a candidate for a most important foreign appoint ment/ .One would hare thought that /Brabazon.could hot in Cold blood destroy a life which had so benefitted him—that he coold not have stilled for ever heart that had cherished for him an actual, even if narrow, affection. . Bat the tiger creeping on its prey from the shelter of .the jangle might have had more compunction of conscience than Norman Brabazon. The deadly cobra, with its glittering eye fixed upon a coveted morsel, might sooner have felt itself relenting in its purpose than this human serpent! He bent over hissleeping relative, and jevery plausible feature of his swarthy face stiffened and hardened into the semblance of a mast. The baron moved uneasily in his sleep under that basilisk gaze. The intruder waited in the shelter of the bed-drapery, patient as a red Indian, until his load breathing was resumed. Then Brabazon drew from within his coat a dirk knife, a possession of Ralph Chandos, which had been given the latter by a chum at Oxford, and which he had preserved in his writing desk as a memorial. /The knife Bashed in the firelight as he upraised it. .. Again the plate-glass mirror forming the door of the .annate quivered, and a pair of eyes stared oat upon the strange ' There was a moment's pause on the part of Brabazon, a last look at the hard features of his kinsman, a brief study of the baron's figure, and then the deadly, knife -flashed la the air, and was'driven swiftly home to the very hilt into Lord Strathmore's heart. Rot a sigh, not a quiver disturbed the baronVirame. As Brabazon drew forth, the knife, the life-blood wellecl up in a great jet, staining his guilty hand and the sleeve: of his shirt—a garment he had taken from the wardrobe, of Chaados at an earlier period of the evening. . Lord Strathmore was dead, yet his murderer stabbed him again and again to make assurance doubly sure. And the eyes of the unseen witness lost not one movement of the murderer. " He's dead,1* mattered Brabazon at last, with-a long breath, upraising his head add listening. " Not an outcry ! Not a sound 1 Everyone is asleep!" Hiding the bloOd-reebing weapon in the folds of his shirt," he crept across the floor, opened the door, listened, and stole into the hall. He paused at the yery threshold of Lord Strathmore's room, his blood seeming to torn into iceln his veins. For, coining up the stair without a light, but plainly recognisable in the dimness by reason of his ample propor tions, was Miller, the butler. He paused on the topmost stair, see ing Brabazon at Lord Strathmore's door. The villain remained for an instant, stupefied; then his ready wit came to his aid. He glided along the hall with out a word, opened the door of Chandos's apartment, passed within, and shot the bolt into the lock. The ruse served its purpose. " So it was Mr Balphmuttered the butler. " What was he doing at this hoar in my lord's chamber? He acted strange, too, as if something was wrong!" _He hesitated, not knowing whether it might not be Ids duty to look into the baron's room, but a remembrance of his lordship s temper, and a reflection that Mr Balph might have visited his uncle with a view to reconciliation and re mained late, decided him to mind his' own business, which he did. uoin«r own quarters. Meanwhile Brabazon pioceeded to weave still closer the deadly net of evi dence about 'his yonnger cousin—the net of which be intended should drag him to his doom ! The fire was low in the grate. Chandos was fast asleep, his sorrows forgotten in the profound slumber that comes to the young and healthy.. The intruder's movements were noiseless. Taking the reeking dagger from its concealment on his person,' he thrust it np the warm chimney into a crevice between two bricks, its handle alone protrnding, and that quite out of reach of even keen search. Then he removed his blood-stained - shirt and laid it on the fire. It flamed np in a quick blaze. Watching it closely, .with a dexterous movement he extracted from the flames one blood-stained cuff, dropping it into the asheS' under the -grate. Then he glided into the dressing - room and washed hb hands in a basin of water upon the toilet-table, smiling with a demoniac triumph as he did eo. He had been so noiseless that the sleepei had not stirred. His evil work was done. All that remained was to get to his own room unseen. He unlocked the door and peered into the hall. The bntler had vanished. Brabazon stole along the hall, gained his own door.' tad entered his apartment. His first care was to light the candle he had extinguished and to examine his remaining garment and his person. Not a drop «f blood was visible upon him. Not a sign or token of his awfal crime was anywhere to be seen. His lips writhed into a wicked and exultant smile, and he dropped into an easy chair before his bright hearth, and robbed bis guilty hands together in the warm blaze. He had achieved his guilty success. AU that he had longed for and striven to attain was almost in his graBp. He suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to lock his door and to ex tinguish his lights. He arose, blew out the candles and advanced towards the door. At the same moment it opened, softly and noiselessly, and a man crept into his presence. Brabazon stared at Mm as if he had been a gorgon, and looked as if turned to stone. The vidian's sickly pallor, his starting eyes, his wild visage, attested his horror and terror. The man was no.servant of the house. Brabazon reeled back against a table as he recognised him. He was Thoma3 Growl, the son of the former pedagogue of the village, a man naturally shrewd and keen-witted, who had received an ordinary education, but who had in his boyhood thrown off the shackles of parental control, and indulged in dissi pation and idleness. For the last year or two Crowl had been in London living by his wits, hnt had recently returned home upon a visit to Ms aged father. He had a bold, bod, reckless face, bat no one had ever suspected him of readi ness to commit a crime. What had brought him here within the walls of Strathmore mansion at this hour ? Brabazon tried to ask the question, bat his stiff lips refused to articulate. Thomas Crowl sidled np to Mm, and laid one hand npon Ms arm. "I saw it all!" he hissed. Brabazon put his hand to his heart j and dropped into the nearest chair. " I was hid in the old man's ward robe," said Crowl. " I was a witness ofj the murder!" Brabazon sprang np as if electrified, and made for the bell-rope, with a wild idea of denouncing his visitor as - the murderer, thus sacrificing his nefarious schemes, but protecting himself. Again Crowl laid a fierce grip npon him, reading his purpose. " Hold 1" he whispered, hotly. " Two can play at that game. Don't be too fast. I can be bonght!" Brabazon faced about, beginning to recover from his awful-terror. " What were you doing in the ward robe ?" he asked, huskily. " I don't mind telling: you, since you won't be likely to betray me," returned Crowl. " I was bard up, and I'm thinking of marrying. I know what everybody knows. . Lord Strathmore is miserly and keepp money in the honse. I crept in at dusk and found my way to his room -and hid^ihere forhours, think ing Td creep out in the dead of night and rob his" safe; -that everybody knows he keeps in his bedroom. I was hid there all the evening. After my lord went to sleep he seemed restless for a while and I kept mam. When he had fallen into a sound sleep I crept ont and began an examination of his room and effects. I was at that when I thought I heard a sound in the hall. I had only time to slip into the wardrobe when you came in." - " So you were there for purposes of robbery 7" said Brabazon, with a sneer. " And you were there for murder !" replied Crowl, coolly. "I left my pur pose unaccomplished, fearing any plun der I might get wosjld hang me. Ton muBt make up my loss. I can't see all your little game, Mr Brabazon, bat you expect to make money out of this night's work,. and yon shall share it with me!" " I will—I will!" "That's enough. "Sou won't break your promise, I'll go bail. I'll remind you of it later. As you are to be my banker hereafter, you may give me twenty pounds to-nighi " Brabazon procured his pocket-book and counted out the amount named, his hands shaking as he did so. "Give me the pocket-book and all. We won't stick at trifles. I'll get out the same way as I came in," said Crowl, pocketing the money, " and not leave a trace of my presence, you may be sure. You'd better get to bed, my friend, if von intend to show up natural in the morning 3" He. did not linger for farther con vernation, having a proper regard for his own safely. He slipped from the room, traversed the great hall like a ghost, and''entered a guest-chamber winch opened npon a balcony. He let himself out npon this balcony, closed his way of egress, and clambered to the ground by' means of the great ivy that nearly covered that side of the build ing. He'stood in the midst of the thickly falling snow, breathless, when a _hand was laid suddenly upon his arm,* and a figure was outlined close beside him in the pale gloom. A. woman's low, mocking langh re Stored him to his senses. " Is it you, Meg ?" he asked, agrily. " It is I, Thomas Growl," was the I answer. " I saw y0u enter this house like a^ thief hours ago, and I've been watching for you ever since You look scared, Tom. just as if yon bad beent committing murder ! You've been up to" some mischief, that I know !" "'St!" whispered Crowl. "Come away, Meg." He seized her arm and hurried her away into the whirling mist of snow that blotted out their tracks even as they went. In his lonely, luxurious chamber of the grand old mansion, the master of Strathmore Park lay stark and ghastly, his pinched face upturned to. the pale firelight, his heart stilled forever ! Out into the wild, white night his. soul had flown at the wicked will of a murderer, but ids body lay here, a silent horror, rigid and white as the falling snow. In his own bed, asleep in the pro found slumber of youth and health, was Ralph Chandos, in blest unconscious ness of the awful fate lowering darkly above him. And in his apartment, in his bed also, Norman Brabazon lay broad awake, meditating npon the peculiar contretemps that had marred-the full perfection of his plans, yet exulting in the net he had so skilfully woven. " It is all right," he mattered. "Crowl would never dare betray his presence in thi3 house to-night, and so disgrace his father and stamp himself as a common burglar and robber. He wonld not dare, for I wonld fix the crime on him. But money has bought him, body and soul ! Sleep, Ralph Chandos ! For this is your last night of peace and hope on earth! To-morrow will see you in a felon's cell, abandoned by all whom yon have called friends, stripped of position, honor, love ! And I—I shall be Baron Strathmore!" 