"Billy the Terror," from Byron Bay [Br MABK ASTOHY, "MAITLAND MKBCÜYY."] " I KIN Hck eny man roy cent fi's in Wardell-or on thé Richmond River, for tbat matter. If it's ?lack for him I'll liok him easy, and if it's tight TU hev* a try all the same. Here ! whoa on fut fittin' thia coat on to him ?" The words of the foregoing; addrets fell on my ears os I stepped ashore from the deck of the Tiver . steamer Pearl (what beautiful names the mosquito fleet of thia river possess) at the door, almost, of Brown's hotel. Wardell, and I hurried up to see what show there wai fur a little extta excitement. On the verandah of the pub. about a dc zea indo- lent-looking, bnt good-natured, men werelonaging about, watching, in amused interest, the antics of a little old man on the street, who wa« skipping about like a monkey and waving bia cont abovu him in the air. He was " tonioked "-of that there could be no doubt ; and that be was also of a warlike disposition the opening words of my eketoh will amply prove. I was no stranger on the river at this period, bo it known, and aa I knew there were many " hard cases " among the river men and the mill hands, I had eveiy reason to hope and believe that the bellicose acting would soon lead np to something tidy in the way of, a fight. But it didn't, It was only received with roars of laughter ; and when I paused to look at the champion, I understood the matter at once, and joined in the mirth straightaway. The chal- lenger was barely five feet in height and thin to attenuation, while bis years must have reached quite three score. There was, however, no appear- ance ot the stiffness of age in the little »tan, and his olean. shaven face and ' thick crop of dust colored hair were tbose of a prematurely aged boy, while his little grey eyes were bright as a ferret's, and seemed to rest in twenty different places at one and the came time, . He was like a piece of well seasoned whalebone - fun-scorched and springy, and with all the elastic energy of youth in his miniature frame. The coat he held aloft for the inspection of probable opponents would not fit a well grown boy of twelve years, and the length of the Bleeve from gusset to cuff did not exceed ten inches. It was a ri gular '? doll's " coat, and as the big, brawny loneeabouts tcok it, one after another, and proceeded to gravely try it on, the mirth of the erowd became, uproarious, and the bellioose atti- tude of Billy; more'pronounced, " Will none o' ye be «ble to git it ou 2" he almost wailed,. "Are tb oro not a aingle man among ye ? Oh, I cud wollap un' slam the best o' ye that cud struggle inter that coat, an' I'm not too pertikler if it's like to bust when yer tryin' it," ' It's no UBB, Billy-none at all," said a mueoular giant, sadly, as be handed baok the garment. " Tbathulstor o' yours wud about button on a soda water bottle, but on nuthin else under hivin BB I can think on. Best give up the idea o' gettiu' a fight on here an' wait till the Tom Thurn show comes round again," - . "But I'm splittin'fur a Ute, now,'' moaned the warlike Billy pathetically. "I'm aotooally goin' to loss. Whoop 1 fur a : row. There's nawthlng crawlin' round here-'at kin wear that coat-1 can't slam, an' if none o' ye'a goin' to oblidge me I'll have to stand behind a male and tickle it with a straw. I muet abuse some thin', or got abused myself. Whirr-r I I'm Billy the Terror, from Byrin Bay, an! I ain't glttin' jestioe.!pi ' ? .' ' " How would drinks, ail round meet your trouble, old son," I now ventured to ask.1 " It is vory evi- dent you are too good for anything here, so I think we had better leave it at that and proceed to lubricate."':,""-"' * ' "Mister, ye Bpeak words o' peaco an' good sound wisdom-an' I'm-with you," said tho little man feelingly, , '! Yer a stranger here, an' I honours ye for yer- Say I hev you tried on thia coat yet ? ' thia aa a sort of after thought. !??" No, Billy, I have. not,". I said, frankly. "I couldn t if I would, and wouldn't if I could. So there I <:I have travelled too far in my time and seen too muon to run up against an earthquake for no earthly use. You are evidently a hard, danger- ous man, and you'll pardon mo when I admit that I much prefer a whole skin when I oan conven- iently enjoy the luxury." . " Eb, ibe,'he, he 1 .Yer no jackeroo nt anj rate an' ye Beem to know which was the safo side o' the wall," he ohuoklod complacently. "Come away then ; we'll hev tho drink* for a start, an' then we might eec what's to be did." '.,lhls was evidently the best course to purcue in the circumstances, aa all eeemed to thoroughly agree with it. So an adjournment was at onoe made to the bar, whore we severally began stating our case to tho worthy Sam Brown. ; Sam duly laid the physic boior us, and then we raised the several measures to Our lips, and with many silent'nods and exwesBivo winks permitted it to Dercolato. It was n touching scene-o moment to live in the Baored ohambers of the mind when nil OIBG of earth had grown dim, No master's hand was there to paint that group of devoted men on the imperish- able canvas, and no sculptor's ohtsel would ever delineate each classic gesture and pose. Yet aware of this, they hesitated not a moment, but performed their obscure and un-trumpeted parts as only the brave and devoted can do, For a brief time the heads of all were thrown back and the many-eyed look was fixed on tho roof of the old bar room, thou n simultaneous fall of each right arm took place and a soft amalgamated sigh of uttor content oleft the air. (Hasses wera hastily replaood on tho zinc covered bur* und longing looks directed at the yet teeming shelves, after which the hum of conversa- tion became general, Billy had taken a seat on an empty oaBk, and waa now apparently: doep in meditation. Ilia short legs dangled down and nearly reaohed tn the second hoop of the cask, and his eyes were fixed lu a bard, set way on tho sawdust of the floor. Be. was evidently thinking that, af ter all,'this world was but a sorry place fora man of good parts to figure in. There was aotnully combativeness-no real .fight in it, and a man of spirit might never hope to rise to his aspirations, but mast be content'to exist on tho oom m on uneventful,inoidonts of the soulless thong around bimi It was hard- terribly hard, this-on such a manas Billy; and lie. took no trouble to conceal the fact, aa far aa hia present company Vere oon ce ned.,;',., -r:,t'3 r-.-- ? /:".".'?'{' " I'm''swell known' in'îMurwillumbar," > he at length lifted his head to grovely announce, " nn' I'm a hard,;on-natural mani I'm also a 'hot mem- ber ' an' a pusson aa ia nachnrally given to scenes o' wiolenoe an' blood, an' the spirit o' riot an' des- truction is my or'nary disposition. I am likewUe werry bad in companee, an a rough oard,'an' I kin fight any thin' orawlin' on .the river aa can paton my coat, an' don't scale'over.!)ßlbs." " Thet's it, Billy, thet's .where yer 'flummoxed,' old son," asserted one of the men promptly. ",Ye see', yer weight is , so light, an' ytrtoonio wouldn't fit a monkey- But hold on," he suddenly cried, "why bleat if hero's not old Bob Cox a' com in' along the street. Lay low, Billy, ye ruffln, Bob's about yer height;au' age,"an'"if ye don't' blnlf him too much mebbo ho'll tnoklo ye." '! " Git him to tito me, Diok, if ye possibly ban nuvvori'roind - for thé; expense," whispered ".the terror j" eagerly, and peering- rouud the men tb get a glimpse of thu newcomer.' ' " Intoijuoe us an' say I'm a missionary on my way out to Chinar, an' also a man aa loves'pence- O' I feela it in my bones that there's goln' to bo carnage, but I'll keep it dark, I-will, if ye get the gentleman ter fite me." . A short, dumpy' old man, about same height as Billy, now entered tho' bar and briskly called for a "long sleever." "'He waa .very', old, too, but milch more sturdy in body than'my hero, and as he faced t e oompany and prepared- to get outside the .tall gloss ot beer I could see he was an entirely differont stamp of a man. A sturdy, sensible old ob ap I put him down for, and at fir;11 did not Uko tho idea of his being annoyed, and might have Interfered to hinder it ;'but I fear my love of tho ludicrous had more weight with me then, than had my desire for pmco.: I ebon decided the newcomer was able to tike care of himaelf against Billy, and aa I wanted to'see him do it, I did not interfere. ' ' roaring the time the stranger was drinking hia beer Billy kept up a brisk scout in hia vicinity, evidently taking his measure, and keeping himself well conoealed meantime. He would dive behind a'conple of tho men, and then crane his nook round with his hands spread oat behind him, making exaggerated signs for silence to those near.' Then he would bolt in behind a lot of barrels, and peer over tho top of them at thc unconscious Bob,' after whioh ho would again telegraph his satisfaction to us, and scoot to another coign of vantage; : He put me forcibly in mind of « playful kitten ¡ but Billy waa not in play by any means, and our roars at his antios novar oaussd thc hard professional look to leave his eyes for ono instant. At length his sorutiny appeared to Batlsfy him, for he came out boldly from his hiding, and advanced dose up to tho still unconscious Bob, at thc same time signalling to one Ot the men to perform the introduction. Obedient to the signal, Big Dick advanced to the bar, and s'apping Bob on tho back aa if ho had just noticed him, gave him an effusive greeting. ? : " Glad ter aee yo lookin' so well, Mr. Cox.., 'Lbw mo to interjuico ye to a good man. Thia are Mr. Willum Perkins, furn Byron Bay-on' he's werry reUdgions. fMr.1 Perklns,'.Mr; Cox : o' " this'plaoS-r .opes ye'll be good frena." "?( <i.>'VAA\ if ff ' "Narry doubt o' hit,"oertifiedMr.Oox,innooontly, and shaking tho hand of " tho terror " in a friendly way. ' ' I ken tell even sow," be con tinned, looking into Billy's little beady "eyes, " that we're goin' tel like sich other." " Hope sol I j>st do I" panted Billy, vainly trying to hide his exaltation. " I'm a parfit lamb, see ? an' hov had a worry moral bringing up. I may also state 'at I'm one o' the meek an' lowly o' the artb, and I'm game to hev a shot at earthing- on-I-I means," he hastened to correct himself, .* at I loves all men, an' am choke full o' charity." " So ye're a missinnairy to the haithen, are ye ?" said Bob, admiringly. "I loves missionairiea-I does. Wot'li ys ber to drink ?" "Well, I dessay I may try a taste a' brandy, seein' as yer so kind," said " the terror," simper ingly. " Say, Mr. Cox," he inquired, mildly, " dy'e think ye cud put this coat n' mine on yo ?" " Bather tight. I doubt." said Mr. Cos, examin- ing the little garment critically. " VT by ? D'ye wish to dispose o' hit V "I-ah-that ,is-well, no. Hit's. merely a matter o' cariosity, see ? If J e've no hobjectionB, wud ye oMidge roe by jost tryin' it on ?" " Most sartingly, Mr. Perkins-most sartingly," said Bob, taking the coat and struggling into it. " lt's tight a little, but I hev got it on, see !" 'îLuvely,' breathed Billy, rapturously; "jest I glorious, " It ia tight, aa ye say, but I'll r¡Bk it. Wot weight are ye, Mr. Cox ?" " dost up on seven Btonea in my stockin' soles. Why?" '.Oh, jest because," replied Billy, rather evasively, and apparently in deep thought. "Yer rnther thiak," he mused, dreamily, and as if communing with himself. " an' yer a trifle too heavy also ; but, blame it all, I'll risk it- Take that." "That" waa a quiok lunge with his lett that oanght the unsuBpioiouB Bob on the stomnoh and sent him to the floor like a shot. Needless to say, this rather sudden declaration of war surprised no one in tho room save Bob. Long ago we had seen it onming, and now as the little man lay on the floor, holding bia stomnoh and gazing in a dazed way at his assailant, BO oomio did the Bitnation appear that we fairly howled with mirth. " I'm ' Billy the Terror' from Byriu Bay, an' I'm a wild; dangerous man," now asserted that worthy, as he skipped nimbly around his prostrate foe. "I'm not good kumpiny, an' my morals ÍB de- praved, an' I kin slam eny man on the river aa weighs less'n lOOIbs an' kin put on my coot. I nnvvor attended Sunday Behool, an' I'm a child o' Bin. Git up, Mr, Ruburt Cox," he shouted, "till I parylizes ye, I'm a pestilence-I am a Byrin Bay hurricane." " Ghost o' Marines," panted Bob, struggling to bia feet, and still holding his injured stomach, " what wor that for ?" "That's wha'a lor, eggaaktly," enid the terror, dogmatically, and throwing himself into what was supposed to represent a very pugilistio attitude, indeed. " I'm spilin for a ¿te, see, an' I'm boun' ter-lam somethin'. C'mon, there's plenty more here for ye." " Ob, ho 1 so that are yer game, are it ? Croon then, ole eon," enid Bob, grimly, and throwing himeelf in asoientifio attitude at onoe. "Put up yer skinny little dooks an' guard yeraelf furn a man, COB yer about ter get worry badly hort." . " I'm enything but good campanee," again asserted the terror, but all the time keeping well out of,range of the sturdy one's glint-, "I'm not a cannibal, but I delights in gore, an' I'm nntohur ally wioious an' bad." "Ye only want a little blood lottin' that's nil," retorted Bob, sagely, and pressing bard on the nimble terror. '. I'll give ye great ease in a minit, an' ye'Jl live to be thank-There 1 how does that meot yer trouble ?'! The question waa preceded by a smart upperout, whioh caught Billy under the chin and laid him flat out. "Scissors!, that waB a good un," deolnred the terror approvingly as he was helped to hie feet. " Yer a nice respectable ole man, Mr. Cox, and I 'onnors ye." "Oh, we'll like aioh other well after a bit, de- clared Mr. Cox, oonfUently, and again throwing himeelf in fighting attitude.' "I kin tell in a minit when I eeea a man as I'm goin' ter like ; an', now git yer dookB up again, if yer ready, and we'll purooed with the ' oure.'" . "I'm a lone man an' a horphnn, and I've allus tried ter live at peace with my fellermen," now quavered Billy,'at the same time coming up to the sorntoh, but only in a half-hearted wny. "The alooroments o' sin was uvvur spread out in my way, but I had a brother as wor a Cheroh Missionary, an'I've a great respeot for religion," "Thort ye were a ohild o' ein an' a hurrioane from Byron Bay ?" snorted Bob, savagely. "Waa under- the (whuok-hurry up now I'm waiting) impression ye wor a hard, dangerous "man (bang), an' that ye wor enything bnt good company. Oh, don't say yer done already,", implored the fat one aa Billy lay still and refused to rise after the first knook-out blow ; !' I'm jeat gettin' in nice fightin' trim, on' feds I oud hang out an hour yet." '" Ye've jest sold yërself then,' old man," moaned the warlike terror dismally.' "I might hov given ye a shot or two'more heil yo not told me that, Oh no ! no moro oh it fer me, thanks. There's nothin' like an hour's fight in me, eo I aint agoin'. to hencourage ye in yer sinful ooorBcs. Ye've glved yeraelf away, see? cos I'm not sech a fool as ter go on fighting when it's do nee." " D'ye gimme best then ?" demanded Bob, stump- ing round the prostrate hurricane menacingly, and, with both his fat little hands oienohed and hie elbowa drawn well baok. , '/ I doos that, Mr.-Cox,", said Billy promptly, and with deolsion, ? " I gives ye beat, an' declaren yo to bo a bttter man than me," " An" ye won't hask mb ter fight ye enymore ?" " I 'won't; I'm nuf Buoh a hass. I 'opoa I hev more reapeot for my karkoge. " , j " Well, get up'then an' lot'a shake. I'm glad I met yer, obs ye see I nevor fought wi' eny man afore, and'I've oula wondered if I wor eny good at hit ,0'mon lads," he oried, addressing the orowd, " I'll shout fer all hands,, oos thia are the proudest dny o' my life, and I means ter go it," . .Billy.'was assisted to his feet, and a more humbled man never breasted that or any other bar on the Richmond Uiver. All the fight was gone completely,put of, him, and the reverent, glance he ever and anon fixed on his sturdy little, oonqueror was'very, edifying'to : behold. Bob; on his part, treated him with becoming dignity and sonic con- siderable o .ndescension, but it was easy to -see he meant to permit no familiarity, and above all was determined to put down anything like bounoo on its very RrBt appearance...,..»,'. ' , i I often met both of the little men on the, river after' that'time, but never again did T hear'Billy refer to his fighting capabilities, either drunk or Bober, ,...'.(*>*'> -i-f.fff }?< .?* -?>'?! '.? ¿ ; : >???? ?' I did hear, however, that old Bob ever after that, when in hie bu ps, was in the habit of searching for the 'unfortunate "terror"; and treating him to another dose of abuse. . ? . ii;'-)' When .remonstrated with for it ho used to say, "He's: the on'y .mnn I. kin fite, an'I'm goin' ter fight'm Bee ! So there I"... > M Sad, wasn't it ? . 