Hue pkgs PUBLISHED DAILY, "lam In the place where I am demanded of coal -hence to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list " TO COIUtES. UNDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for Insertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly). No notice can be taken of anonymous communications Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of food faith. To avoid a inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communications, including advertisements, orders for " the paper, and remittances, he addressed to WILSON I and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR basements , by post office order, bank draft, or Victorian postage stamps will oblige f tP-' SATURDAY, JULY 6, 1893 A glance at the thumbscrews may be supposed to have a melancholy fascina- tion for a possible victim. To afford the public this mournful pleasure we print elsewhere the schedules of the South Australian income tax, which, it may be, they will shortly have to study and fill up. The more they look at this document the less?, we apprehend, they will be enamoured of the prospect of a familiar personal acquaintance with it, and the more they will favour efforts to render the imposition of the tax unnecessary. The inquisitorial character of the machinery is on the surface. The average man may naturally feel much the same reluctance to making a full statement of his incomings and his out- goings to some fellow-citizen as such a man feels to revealing his secrets in a confessional to a priest. In largo communities such as England this unpleasantness is reduced to a minimum, but in places such as Melbourne, to say nothing of Ballarat, Geelong, Bendigo, Sic., it is increased to a maximum, for we very well know how one curious officer or gaping Minister looks oVer he turns and passes the word confidentially to another, who tells a third, until inflated stories are the common property. But apart from this personal grievance, the fundamental injustices of the tax are also apparent. Take the case of a clerk, or a shopkeeper, or any member of the middle class supporting a wife and six or seven children on an income of £400 or £500 per annum. Such a man is a heavy contributor to the revenue as it is, and practically he is compelled to spend every penny that he earns. He has no superfluous income to. tax, and yet the same, heavy direct call is made upon him as is made upon the man with a wife and one. or two children, who can save means, and has a little revenue consequently in addition to his earnings. The one man does not feel the impost and to the other it comes as a terrible aggravation of the teachings of his lot. That the law cannot discriminate between such cases is to be frankly admitted, and this is where the evil of the imposition comes in. The hard pressed family man can dispense with alcohol and tobacco and luxuries that are taxed, and so can reduce his out- goings, and the more easily situated man will indulge in these and other items, and so will maintain the revenue ; but the income tax is hard, dull, inelastic and is therefore altogether unsuited to the times. There is an apparent equity and justice in taxing incomes alike that deceives at first sight. But incomes that are alike in amount maybe entirely different in reality. Everything depends on the calls on the income espe- cially as regards small and moderate incomes. The law can only take cognisance of incomes as gross incomes, and this is as reasonable as to consider a merchant's position from the standpoint of his gross turnover, though a man with a large turnover may have made a loss, and a trader with smaller receipts may show a heavy. credit, balance. A man with £500 per annum who, can keep his expenses down to £300 is a well-to- ? do man, and a man with. £500 per annum who cannot spend less because of family calls and poor relations and investment liabilities is an impoverished man, and a direct call does not affect them alike. As such discrepancies occur in ever-varying forms in a multitude of instances, it is impossible to divest this tax of inherent unfair- ness. The attention of our agricultural friends may be specially called to the schedule which is prepared for their particular use. The information they are required to give is agreeably precise and searching. The compiler knew his work, and when he had finished he was entitled to indulge in a smile at the thought that farmers at all events will not escape. Tile farmer must tell how much wheat he sold, and what he got for it how much hay ; what live stock and fruit and eggs and butter brought him in, and also firewood; he must' state the value of the meat, butter, eggs, and corn used in his house (for he is to be taxed on these) and also the increased value of his stock from the one year to the other. Little room seems to be left for wriggling here. Perhaps it is for the best that farmers should have to face this issue thus plainly. They may be induced through their representatives to put the question, whether it is advisable to maintain the extravagant expenditure of the boom period, when that expenditure can only be continued by a resort to such means as direct taxation in its ugliest form. " Depreciation in the value of shares " and property cannot be taken into " account." So runs the schedule, and this is one reason why an income tax is peculiarly unsuited to the present position of affairs in Victoria, and why it would press with particular hardships upon classes who are suffering terribly as it is from the unforeseen events of the day. Men note their property shrink- ing in value before their eyes, and yet they are to pay clues upon a fictitious income. A man has to meet calls in companies which have gone to the clogs whose shares are unsaleable and those calls are so many dead drags upon him. They represent money thrown into the sea so far as he is concerned, and yet he would not be allowed to make any deduction, but by a grim irony the payments he is forced to make to meet his unexpected liabilities would be treated as investments. Notoriously an immense number of people throughout Victoria are in this position of call-paying into institutions of more than doubtful solvency. The general desire in the interests of the community must be to give these men a fair chance of pulling through, and any action by the state which increases their difficulties is to be strongly deprecated. There is a great risk also that a class ' issue would be raised by any income tax which the present Government would propose. It may be shrewdly guessed that Ministers would deem it their duty to take very good care to exempt their friends of the Trades-hall from any share of the burden, and they would have at their hands the specious pretext of the fairness to all of making a large exemption. The majority of voters in Victoria earn less than £200 per annum, therefore under the name of an exemption it is quite possible for a Ministry to say to the majority. " We " do not ask you to tax yourselves, we ask you to" tax others," The middle classes which would pay the tax would, we believe, almost unanimously, and certainly by an overwhelming majority, object to the impost at this particular moment, and therefore if it be carried it will be carried by the votes of those who do not mean to bear any share of the burden themselves. One class would order and decide as to how much another and protesting class shall pay, and the dominant class would do this in order to maintain lavish grants, and so keep up the rate of wages in despite of the altered conditions of the times, All classes, rich and poor, have to frankly and loyally accept the changed circumstances of the colony, and to do their share towards remedying them. Above all, Parliament and people have to recognise that we best alleviate distress by promoting a return to prosperity. But we do not promote prosperity either by further depleting overstrained incomes or by raising class questions. Under these circumstances it may be submitted that the counsellors who are pressing an income tax on the Ministry are altogether unwise, and until such a tax is actually proposed he shall indulge in the hope that this advice will be rejected. Mr. Dines, it must be confessed, is having simply a golden time in England and the mouths of all the Australian Premiers must water with pure envying desire as they watch the performances of their New South Wales lived in London. Mr. Binns has dined with IlKit MAJESTY or rather with US MAJESTY'S suite-has been affable to the PRINCE OF WALES, and condescend ing to the King of ROUMANIA ; Jw "« absorbed turtle soup in the society 61 the Lord Mayor of London, one slumbered majestically, attended in doubt by the ghost of DISRAELI, in the Beaconsfield chamber at Hatfield-house. The surprising figure of the New South Wales Premier is visible even athwart the dust and fury of the English elections ; and, having instructed Lord SALISBURY in protection, Mr. DIBBS' is about to cross the Channel and do a little business in the shape of swapping islands in the Pacific with President CARNOT, and will no doubt drop 'iii' on the POPE and leave a few tracts on His Holiness on his way home. ' There is no doubt a puzzling as well as a humorous side to all this. Why do English statesmen and great society ladies take Mr. DIBBS more seriously than his. own colony does ? Has Lord SALISBURY really sat at his feet to be instructed in political economy? and has the Archbishop of Canterbury consulted him say as to the true way of dealing with Dissenters, or the meaning of the damnatory clauses in the Athanasian Creed ? Mr. DIBBS is, of course, a mere political accident, and he derives his importance in England from the circumstance that he is the administrative head of a great colony, and the social honours showered upon him are redeemed from- absurdity and made expressive and adequate because they are the sign of the changed attitude in English opinion towards the colonies generally. English opinion about the oversea provinces of the empire has passed through two distinct stages-first of indifference, and secondly of at least semi-hostility. in his' Expansion of England, Professor SEELEY-says that the English nation appears to have con- quered and peopled half the world " in " a fit of absence of mind." They were certainly quite unconscious of the scale and meaning of their own work Later on English statesmen were ruled by the belief in TURGOT'S aphorism that " colonies are like fruits, which " cling to the tree only till they ripen." History and geography alike combine to make obstinate the belief that over- sea colonies were mere parasites that drained the life of the tree but could never become part of it. Had not one great group of colonies broken off in a spasm of bloody and wasteful war? And every colony in turn was expected to follow the example of the United States. How could an empire be held together in political unity across such wide spaces of separating seas? So colonies were looked upon as being in their very nature temporary and alien. But English statesmen have at last learned a quite new doctrine on this subject. SEELEY argues that the question of colonies has been the supreme shaping force in the foreign politics of England for the last two centuries. From the Revolution of 1688 to Waterloo he counts seven great wars. England began that period with a public debt of £1,000,000 sterling, and ended it with a debt of £840,000,000, spending, that is, on an average 27,00 000 sterling per annum of borrowed money on war during the whole of that period. And, stripped of external accidents and secondary causes, this new Hundred Years'' War was at bottom a Titanic t duel betwixt the two great powers of the old world, England and France, for the possession of the new world. I MACAULAY, speaking of the Seven Years War, says that, " in order that of FREDERICK of Prussia might rob a neighbour whom he had promised to " defend, black men fought on the coast " of Coromandel and red men scalped " each other by the great lakes of " North America." But SEELEY, with wiser insight, declares that in this passage cause and effect are inverted, and men fought in the old world even though they were unconscious of it for the ownership of provinces five thousand miles off. It was a struggle for colonies. And this magnificent generalisation is no doubt to substance perfectly true. If the history of the empire for the last two centuries has been determined by its colonies, it is safe to prophesy that its story for the next two centuries will be shaped by the same force. A whole new set both of possibilities and of necessities has arisen on the political horizon, and the colonies are the determining factor in both. Science, for one thing, has destroyed space, or at least has cancelled the separating force I of space and as one result of this, | empires are possible on a vaster scale than history has hitherto known. There have been, it is true, great empires in the past ; but they have been low in l\ type, and brief in history. We are 't plainly about to witness, however, the | evolution of states on a quite new a scale of magnitude. The United States % have extended their political system is from the Atlantic to the Pacific; I they count already a population of 60,000,000; their federal constitution has survived the shock of a great civil war and fifty years hence they will be a gigantic homogeneous commonwealth 100,000,000 strong.- It is at least possible that Russia, if it survives famine and dynamite and learns to endure freedom, may be to the other European powers for scale and numbers i what the United States are to the South American republics. I Now the one possibility and hope of an expansion in anything like an equal scale is for England lies in her colonies. If she I " sheds " them, as one happily diminish | ing school of politicians desire, and as remains imprisoned with. " the silver 1 " streak of sea, it seems inevitable K that a century hence she must descend from the first rank of powers and repeat it in her own experience the history of of Holland and of Portugal. Before go the twentieth century has run half i its course the 12,000,000 or 14,000,000 ci of Englishmen scattered throughout the |f dependencies of the empire will have 1 grown to 50,000,000, and within the | lifetime of some who are children to 1 day the "English" outside the little 1 cluster of islands we call the mother 1 land will be much more numerous and I mighty than the "English'' actually is residing on that tiny cluster. It is plain H that the future of England lies in her II colonies. Must the empire necessarily S break up, or will the forces which make If for unity triumph over the forces which I make for separation ? This is, in the a last analysis, the supreme question of If British statesmanship. And it is at' a least possible to affirm that the omens H are favourable for continued union. The by United States were supposed to be the H final proof that when colonies growbtrong H they necessarily became independent. of But the United States are also supply M ing another precedent of' great signifies H cause. They have proved that one S political system can be spread over an is almost limitless geographical area, and is that a mighty group of provinces, built H on the basis of federation, can survive H that last trial of the stability of states, a gigantic civil' war. The two great forces which make for separation be- twixt states who belong to one common race are, as Professor SEELEY says, " oceans and religious disabilities." From the Greater Britain of to-day religious disabilities have vanished, though, unfortunately it is at least possible that hostile tariffs may, as a separating force, take their place. And it is' a more platitude to say that oceans have been bridged. Melbourne, for purposes of communication, at least, is nearer to London than Edinburgh was when Sir WALTER SCOTT was born. More space will not separate the colonies from the motherland if interest and sentiment join to unite them. The interests of the colonies are visibly on the side of union and Mr. DIBBS'S experiences in London are of value as showing the eager warmth of kindly sentiment which now prevails in the highest official circles of the empire towards the colonies. Sentiment of that quality, too, has a happy tendency to multiply itself. The condition of affairs with regard to the Real Estate Bank is evidence of the justice of the criticism in which we conceived it to be a duty to indulge when Ministers made the appointment of Agent-General. That duty was a most unpleasant one, but the task of the journalist is often painful in character, and it is not to bo'shirked-'on that account. When a great financial institution goes down to utter and complete ruin amid rumours and forebodings, the proper position of the managing director and founder is at his post, and is not in some representative office of the state on the other side of the globe. So much we ventured to submit at the time, and so much we must repeat now. Very likely there is some answer to the apparent scandal which a first glance at the books has brought to light, but that answer ought to be made on the instant by the affected person whom it touches nearly. Taking the statements of Mr. | G. GODFREY (chairman of the abortive committee of investigation and of Mrs. JOHN WOODS together, we have the allegation that Mr. MUNRO purchased the La Rose Estate for a certain sum of money in the name of Mr. WOODS, and that then, as chairman of the Real Estate Bank, he re-purchased the estate from his agent or dummy. Mrs. WOODS affirms that "not one shilling of the " profit went into the pocket of her late " husband." Into whose pockets did the profit go ] This is the question which at oncearises,and which it is for the persons implicated, whoever they may be, to answer. Mrs. WOODS speaks of other transactions of which the shareholders are ignorant, but about which they are entitled to full information unless the principle is to be adopted of " hushing " up " everything. Nothing can be worse than a suspicion that dummies were employed, these agents buying at one price and selling to the bank at another, and yet the affidavit made by Mrs. WOODS points to some such practice. That such a statement should be inquired into and should be disproved goes without saying and yet the shareholders cannot get to the Supreme Court. Mr. GODFREY was stopped in his examination of the books, but he-a soli- citor communicates to the shareholders his belief that the recent balance sheets have been so thoroughly misleading that purchasers of shares since that date have a legal re- dress, and assuredly such investors are entitled to an investigation in their interests. And the shareholders generally are entitled to full and exact particulars astohowtheir money was lost-how more than a million of money has practically disappeared. The chairman of the committee, said " There ought to be a thorough investing tion of the whole of the company's affairs. (Applause.) It was a great pity that the recent Voluntary Liquidation Act had been passed, for it there had ever been a company whose affairs should he placed in compulsory liquidation and investigated by the Supreme Court it was the Real Estate Itnnlt. Applause Neither statement can be denied. Both must be affirmed. In the first instance the shareholders were as sheep-as usual in the hands of the ex-directors, and appointed the ex-directors as their " committee of advice," and now they are seeking to replace this committee by new men who will look into affairs from' a different standpoint. They will be grievously ill-treated if they do not succeed, and if every transaction which they deem to be- suspicious is not fully investigated for their benefit and information. It must be altogether wrong to argue, as many are doing, that there should be no retrospect in these matters, and that the moment an institution puts up its shutters the past becomes a dead past, and that all that remains is to rake in the assets-the shareholders to pay heavily and to say little. Such a policy is fatal to commercial morality, and also to confidence in trading companies. As the Real Estate Bank does not stand alone, to future fortunes of the shareholders in their quest' for information will be a subject of interest to the community. In the meantime, welcome- mend to the notice of the Legislature that it has passed an act: which is declared by the persons interested to operate for the hushing up of scandals which practically prohibits men in the position of these wronged shareholders obtaining justice. Why should any one of the shareholders be prevented from going to the Supreme Court, stating his case, and asking for such relief as he deems to be necessary ? It is for hon. members in Parliament to find the reply. The question of a revision of the tariff was brought under the notice of the Treasurer yesterday by a deputation from the protectionist party in the Assembly. The deputation comprised Mr. T. Smith, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Mason, Mr. Murray, Mr. Maloney, Mr. Trenwith, Mr. Beazley, Air. A. Harris, Mr. Winter, Mr. Bromley, Mr. levers and Mr. Salmon. The interview took place in private. The list of proposed duties approved by the caucus, with additional taxes on cereals suggested by the farmers' conference of Thursday, was submitted to Sir Graham Berry, who gave an assurance that he would bring the subject before his colleagues with a view of giving it full consideration. Sir Graham Berry; the Treasurer, has been served with a writ by an ex-employee the Post-office, named Atkinson, for illegally sitting and voting in the Legislative Assembly. The writ does not enter into any particulars as to the grounds of action, but it is assumed that objection will be taken to the second election of Sir Graham Berry. A few days after he was returned for the East Bourke Boroughs at the general elections, and before he was sworn in as a member of the House, he accepted the office of Treasurer. There- upon he vacated his seat as a member, and a week or so later was re-elected without opposition. Possibly the grounds of objection are that the writ for the second, election ought not to have been issued until after Sir Graham had been sworn in as a member of the House, but this is a course that has been followed on several occasions. The Treasurer is very little concerned about the matter, and has handed the writ to his solicitors, Messrs. Fink, Best, and Phillips. A few years ago a writ was issued against the late Dr. Le Fevre, who then represented the North Yarra Province, for illegally sitting and voting in the Legislative Council, but as it was generally recognised that the action ought never to have been brought against him a short bill was passed through Parliament ratifying his election, and indemnifying him against any action, at 'law. The extraordinary anomaly at present existing in connection with the railway fares on the Brighton line is exciting considerable adverse criticism amongst those residents of Brighton whose business calls them into Melbourne every day. A comparison between the rates charged from Balaclava to Melbourne with those from North Brighton will show there would seem much justifica- tion for the irritation felt. Balaclava is situated five miles from the city, and the amended fares are - First-class return (5d., second class -Jil. ; monthly tickets, first class 13s., second class 9s. North Brighton is two miles from Balaclava, or seven miles from Melbourne, and the fares are First class return, 1s. 1d., second class lOd. ; monthly tickets, first class 2s., second class 10s. For a distance of two extra miles tile fare is increased over 100 per cent. Balaclava, in addition, has also nearly double the number of trains compared with Brighton.. . a The reduction in the fares seem told ve been made in a haphazard way, for a return passenger from North Brighton to Melbourne can save ltd. by booking to Balaclava-for SM., and thence to Melbourne fdr^Ud.,'_ôr a total of UM., the fare from North Brighton being Is. 6d. The irritation is so strong that it is intended to organise a public meeting in order that the claims of the Brighton travellers for the same consideration as shown to residents of more favoured localities may be ventilated. With reference to the correspondence taking place in The Argus on the subject of the proposed increased duty on imported spirits, while colonial spirits are to be left untouched, it may be mentioned that the local manufacturers have already a further concession which has not yet been adverted to. While importers and others have to pay a fee to the Government of £250 a year for a license for a bond the local distillers get their bond officers free of charge, and, as it requires at least three officers to a distillery, it is evident that the concession represents a considerable annual loss to the state. This loss at present amounts to about 7,000 a year, and is, of course, increased by every additional distillery opened. The differential duty is from this aspect, therefore, a double loss-a loss of revenue on one side, and an inCreased cost to the Government on the other. The Minister of Lands was asked yesterday by a deputation from the Unemployed Relief Fund committee to assist in the establishment of a village settlement by providing for the clearing of land in suitable localities at re low rate of remuneration.' It was urged that the work might be made a reproductive one, and the expenditure recouped by the , sale , of the cleared land. Mr.' McLean expressed His doubt whether such work would really prove remunerative, and pointed out that in any case legislation would have to be passed before the Government could do anything in the matter. He intimated that the bill which had been drafted providing for village settlements would be one of the first measures brought forward as soon as Parliament re-assembled, and this would be calculated to achieve good results in the direction desired. The Fish Protection Association waited on the Minister of Customs yesterday and complained of the reckless manner in which fish were being destroyed in the Werribee and Saltwater Rivers. From July to September was the spawning season, and the fishermen stretched their nets across the mouths of these rivers and intercepted the fish on the way to the spawning ground. The association therefore desired that regulations should be made prohibiting netting at the mouths of these rivers. At Werribee it was necessary that the police should be provided with a boat, in order that they might be able to prevent illegal betting. The deputation OIBO pointed out that a great many fish under the minimum weight were being sold. Mr. Turner ' replied that he would have regulations framed to stop netting in the mouths of the rivers and would have a boat provided as requested If any cases of illegal netting were brought under his notice he would have the offenders prosecuted and would instruct his officers to proceed for the severest penalties. the representatives of the newly coast I tried shire of Croajingolong waited on the Minister of Public Works yesterday and asked that the unexpended votes in connection with the east portion of the shire of Tambo which area is now comprised within the territory of the new shire should be placed on the Estimates for the current financial year and also a special grant of £500 to enable the road from Orbost to Bendoc to be cleared and made available for vehicle traffic It was stated that the formation of this road would open up a large and or valuable Crown lands in Croajingolong and would result in the trade now done by Bendoc and other nimm,, towns on the border with New South Wales beat), transferred to Victoria Mr Graham replied that as the estimates for the jiarlS92 3 had now been closed he would not deal with the application to revoke the amounts which had been unexpended and which had in consequence, lapsed When the new shire was properly constituted by him at, its councillors elected he would fail our ably entertain the request made for funds to assist in constructing the road from Orbost to Bendoc A deputation from the Victorian Dairy men's Assocation waited on the Minister of Agriculture yesterday regarding the butter bonus It was asked that the bonus on ex parted buttEr should be lowered to 21 per lb instead of to bed as contemplated by the Government and that the butter factories and creameries established since August Inst should receive the full amount of the promised bonus instead of only a percentage as had been determined, owing to the number of factories erected having been larger than was expected Mr Graham replied that the Premier, in announcing the Government policy at Casterton, had promised that the bonus on exported butter would be continued but on a reduced scale the amount of the bonus would be determined by the Cabinet and stated by the treasurer in his Budget speech this mouth. He reminded the deputation that although it was popularly supposed that when the bonuses for the encouragement of the dairying and agricultural industries were voted by Far hearing the money was specially tar marked and set aside, the fact was really not so and the money for payment of the bonuses would have to be found out of the ordinary revenue for the year With regard to the amount of bonus to be paid to the butter factories and creameries established since August last he was having Each one visited by Mr W Wilson, the dairy expert of the Agricultural department and on receiving that gentleman's report he would deal with the question of the print of the bonuses The iii puta tion then thanked the Minister for his action in endeavouring to stop the importation of inferior butter to London and for his prout st to introduce a till this session pro hit ting colouring matter being placed in butterine in order to prevent its being disposed of by unscrupulous shopkeepers for butter Mr Graham said that the Agricultural department would in the future ever cast equal if not greater vigilance over the shipments of butter to England than had been done in the past as it recognised the importance of preventing bad qualities of butter being exported to London, which would have the effect of destroying the trade with that market, which the Government had taken great trouble to establish. At the request of Mr. Beazley, M.L.A., the Minister of Railways has granted a concession to the labouring men who are now employed on the sewerage works at Werribee, and whose homes are in the city and suburbs. It is the custom with these men to return to their homes every Saturday and go back to work on the following Monday morning, and the Minister of Railways has decided to allow them to make the double journey on the ordinary day return ticket. . A visit of inspection was made yesterday to the freezing and slaughtering works at New- port by Mr. R. Francis (Railway Commissioner), Mr. Rennick (engineer-in-chief), and Mr. Woodroffe (engineer of existing lines). They were shown over the works by Mr. Hotson (Turnbull, Hotson, and Co.), and were very much pleased with the excellent condition in which they found them. According to a return prepared by Mr. Alex. Wilson, the immigration agent, the number of arrivals by sea during the month of May last was 4,757-4,-00 being from the neighbouring colonies, 221 from the United Kingdom, and 36 from foreign ports. The de- partures by sea for the same period were4,7-9 4,235 being for the neighbouring colonies, 337 for the United Kingdom, and 137 for foreign ports. Another step in the progress of the metropolitan sewerage works was marked yesterday, when Commissioner Styles, vice-chair nine of the sewerage committee of the Board of Works, formally laid the first brick in the main outfall sewer at Werribee. The weather was very threatening, but the visitors were favoured with a comparatively fine day, the only drawback to the festivities being the unbounded mud, which rendered driving rather dangerous and walking almost impossible. The company descended the deep cutting, where Commissioner Styles, having been presented with a hand- some silver trowel by the contractors, Messrs. Falkingham and Son, placed the brick in position, and declared it well and truly laid. Mr. Falkingham, sen., subsequently entertained the company at luncheon, and toasts appropriate to the occasion were honoured. CommissionerStyles, proposing the health of the contractors, said that the board, in order to encourage the local manufacture of cement, had called for contracts for Bina) 1 quantities for July and August, but it was remarkable that not a single tender had been sent in. It might be business for the manufacturers to wait for a duty on cement, but such a state of things was certainly not very encouraging to the board. In connection with the recent reductions amongst the different grades in the mercantile service, a deputation of coal lumpers waited yesterday upon the executive of the Employers' Union. The deputation consisted of two delegates from the service of the different ship-owners in the city, and appeared before the Employers' Union merely as employés of the different firms by whom they were engaged, and not as members of a union. A long discussion ensued upon the reductions that the ship-owners had already decided upon. The one subject that attracted the attention of the members of the deputation was the fact that the employers had decided upon reducing the rates on the carrying of tubs and large baskets from 9d. to 7d. The men expressed the feeling that this reduction was altogether too severe, and after considerable discussion the ship-owners decided to review their decision by reducing the price promises. to 8d., instead of as originally proposed, to 7d. Throughout the discussion the existence of the union to which the men belonged was ignored. The wines of Chateau Latour, of which it would appear from a cable message in The Argus of yesterday that something like 50,000 dozen have just been destroyed by fire, share with those of Chateau Lafitte, Chateau Margaux, and Chateau Haut-Brion, the distinction of being classed as premier grand err, and have received gold medals in all the 5 universal exhibitions in which they have competed. The vineyard is situated in the same parish as Chateau Lafitte, and some idea of the value of the property may be formed from the fact that the present proprietors, consisting of a small company, gave £64., 400 for it in 1841. Its annual yield of wine is 00 tonneau: As the extensive cellars are situated at some distance from the mansion, the latter has probably escaped destruction, as also the massive round tower, which stands between it and the cellarage and is historically interesting as having formed part of the ancient fortified chateau which commanded the River Girpndejat this point, and prevented the approach of hostile vessels to Bordeaux. During the, wars with the English, all the other portions of the old edifice were rased to the ground by order of Bertrand du Guesclin, after having besieged and captured it, in order to punish the chatelaine for having permitted free passage to the English troops under Chandos. In accordance with the pastoral letter of the Bishop of Melbourne, the collections at the Episcopalian churches in the diocese to-morrow will be in aid of the distress relief. At St. Paul's Cathedral Archdeacon Langley will preach in the morning and afternoon, and the Bishop in the evening. A young man named Joseph Fearn was tried at the Melbourne General Sessions yesterday, before Judge Worthington, on a charge of obtaining goods by false pretences. Mr. Finlayson prosecuted for the Crown, and Mr. Fisher defended the prisoner. It was shown for the prosecution that the prisoner, on the 11th May last, obtained about £14 worth of fruit from Mr. John Blanksby, of the Victoria Fruit Market, under the pretence that he carried on business at Ballarat as a fruiterer, and had two shops there. The fruit was sent to Ballarat, and on the day it arrived there the prisoner received it, opened a shop and sold it off, and then cleared away from the city, he was afterwards arrested at Stawell. The jury found him guilty, and he was remanded | for sentence. The under mentioned teachers have been appointed to the following vacancies, advertised on the 17th till. Schools No. 2,605 Carlton, first female assistant, Amelia Rider ; 3,142 Yarpturk North, head teacher, Sydney V. Cook. Some interesting experiments in long- distance telephony are reported by the Sydney Morning Herald to have been carried out on Sunday last between Sydney, Albury, and Melbourne, with very satisfactory results. The trials were arranged by direction of Mr. E. C. Cracknell, superintendent of telegraphs, in order to test the capability of a special copper wire recently erected by the department between Sydney and Albury for the purpose of another direct quadruplex circuit to Melbourne. Although the weather conditions were anything but favourable to the best results, owing to a thick steady rain at the Sydney end, and dull showery weather alone the wire to Melbourne, the possibility of transmitting the voice over such a long distance was clearly demonstrated. Con- versation was obtained for the first time between the two capitals since the introduction of the telephone into these colonies, and was maintained without difficulty for nearly two hours over the longest distance yet attempted in' Australia. Not only was conversation carried on, but the striking of the bells and singing at the Sydney end were faithfully re- produced in Melbourne, and rice Persia. In fact, so good was the transmission that it was quite easy to recognise the speaker at the distant end by the tone of his voice. When it is remembered that, the actual length of wire used was very little short of COO miles, find that of this nearly 200 miles, viz?.., from Melbourne to Albury, consisted of an iron wire, which for technical reasons is much inferior to copper for telephonic purposes, it will be seen how marvellously sensitive is the instru- ment which transmits the different tones and inflections of the human voice and gives them out again clear and distinct at the other end. In speaking to the Albury office one could easily imagine the speaker to be no farther off than the next room. But Sydney, Albury, and Melbourne were not the only interested parties in the experiment, as ocean sionally a strange, voice would break in with the inevitable " Hello ! who are you!" und explanations revealed the fact that officials at Junee, Menangle, Penrith, or even Tamworth were also interested listeners and were able to join in,' although their instruments were on wires totally different from that which was in use in the trial. This, of course, was' caliSeil biscuit enemy of all telephone meet the >'-'induction trouble. Altogether the trial, as an experiment, was very successful. To-day is the last day for receiving entries of poultry, dogs, and cats for the annual show of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society, which is to be opened in the Exhibition-building on August 10, and to continue over the three succeeding days. The entries will be received up to 10 o'clock to-night by the secretary, at the society's office, till Collins-street. A pianoforte recital will be given this afternoon, at the galleries of the Victorian Artists' Society, by Miss Blanche Cade. We have received from Mr. E. TliiinderlKilt a further sum of J2 2a. Ixl. towards the fund for the purchase of a memorial stone to the victim of the Windsor murder. The amount was collected as follows Marshall Lyle, ion; Krlcuiht, 7s. 6d.; J. Robertson, 6s.; Mrs. W. Ware, 5s.; Mrs. Tilley, 6s.; Mrs. Ryan, 5s, Mrs. Pearson, 5s. His Excellency the Governor has consented to distribute the awards granted by the Royal Humane Society of Australasia during the past year in the Town-hall on Monday evening, the 25th inst. His Excellence the Governor and Lady Hopetoun will attend the Austral! Salon ball to he held in the Masonic-hall on Monday evening. The tickets, which are half a guinea each, are only obtainable from the committee, the members of which will attend at the Austral Salon this morning and all day on Monday. A private cable message has been received in Melbourne conveying the news that Mr. Dugald Gordon McDougall. of Balliol College, has gained a place in the first-class In the examination for final honours at Oxford in the School of Law. Mr. M'Dollgitl! was born and educated in Melbourne. Before proceeding to Oxford he was for three years a resident student of Trinity College, and had a distinguished career in the Melbourne Unlversity. The Australasian Institute of Journalists will hold their second social gathering at the Cathedral Hotel at 8 o'clock this evening. The Master Bakers'' Association announce by adver document that on and after Monday the price of the 4lb. loaf will be reduced to 6d. Miss Michie (daughter of Sir Archibald Michie is announced to lecture at the Collingwood Working men's Club, Johnston street, to-morrow evening, at 7 o'clock. The subject is, " Is the Commercial Text, Jury In the Cheapest Market and Sell in the Dearest, a Sound I'rinolpfc of National Economy ?" * ' Tile Australasian United Steam Navigation Company Limited intimate by advertisement that the ss. Cintra, for Sydney, will not leave Queen's Wharf until 7 o'clock this evening. The committee of the South Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society report having relieved 100 cases during the fortnight ending July 5. The expenditure for the fortnight amounted to £10 2s. 6d. Contributions in money or clothing will be thankfully received by the honorary treasurer, Mrs. Eggleston, English and Scottish Bank, Clarendon-street ; or by the honorary secretary, Miss M'Call, Illlholme, Bank street, South Melbourne. 