THE LAST OF THE BROAD GAUGE. {By a -Correspondent of the St. James's Gazette.) South Devon, Sunday night, May 22. I wonder whether people who drive alongsne Embankment to the city on: Monday morning, and who ehanoe to look ont near -the Temple station for a familiar statue bearing the in scription 'Isambard Kingdom Brunei, died 1859,' will find the statue {alien from its pedestal and uhivered into a thousand pieoes on the pavement or wholly vanished into thin air? Certain it is that the great engineer's ghost, if it still concerns itself with sublunary matters, will have had an uneasy tome during the past few weeks, culminating in positive torture during the last three days ; for with one long .premeditated ewoon Brunei's ungrateful children of the Great Western Hallway have swept oS the face of this earth once and for all that broad ganged tine which was the pride of his engineering skill and the darling of his heart. The continuous longitudinal sleepers on which the nils were laid, with the light ' transoms' at intervals connecting them and keeping them in place, as opposed to the transverse sleepers of other engineers, the strong seawalls on the coast of Devonshire, the wonderful trestle bridges spanning the deep valleys and streams of' Cornwall,- were all creations of the same master-brain that scorned the mere sordid question of expense in con structing a railway, and insisted on the smooth running broad-gauge as the finishing touch which would make the great line to. the West of England absolutely the safest and most comfortable travelling toad in Great Britain. When the famous 'battle of the gauges' was raging at its fiercest the imperious Brunei is said to have declared that if he thoughb ib necessary to have every railway sleeper planed and varnished and every rail enamelled, on his own line, it should, be done. For S3 years after bis .death the spell of his name has been potent enough to with stand the elsewhere universal narrow- gauge and transverse sleeper. But at last the final struggle and rush in the battle of the gauges lias farirnn place, and the last stronghold has been stormed. It has taken a long- time to undermine the old fortress in preparation for the final assault of the last few hours. From Paddington to Exeter there has been for some years a treble line of rails on which, broad and narrow gauge trains have been able to travel interchangeably ; but from Exeter to Fenzance and Falmouth, with the exception of a few miles of the mixed system here and there, the broad gauge has maintained its supremacy. Whatever opinion may be expressed as to the comparative comfort enjoyed by passengers travelling on the old or the new system, the transhipment of goodB from other parts of the country from the narrow to the broad gauge waggons, and the inconvenience of being obliged to keep up the two systems on a great part of the line, were the chief causes which mada the chancre inevitable. All along the 160 miles of exclusively broad gauge which has now been converted, minute preparations have been in progress for the last few weeks in order that the finishing touches \- might be put as soon as the signal was given. For more than a week beforehand every tran Bom connecting the longitudinals was three parts sawn through at the exacb point which would reduce the 7-ft. distance between the railsto4fb.8| in., as at present. The space intervening between the did position of the sleeper and rail which had to be moved, anc their new position was carefully cleared of all earth and stones, and all that was required was to finish sawing through the transom and to ' push one sleeper and rail so many inchesneater the otter. Te accomplish the final conversion in the fifty hours which the Great Western Bailway Company allowed itself, an army of 5,000 men' was drafted with military precision and posted with military accuracy at given stations all down the line. Dotted.along the coast by the picturesque red cliffs from Exeter to Plymouth, amid grey granite boulders and on grassy hillsides from^Plymouth to Penzanee, are the white tents which form the encamp ments of this armyJofjBkilled labor, drawn from far distant English midlands, and even from Wales. A very pleasant holiday it was for many of the inland men during the spare hours of rest they had before the zeal hard work began. By the beautiful coast which fringes the railway past Btarcross, Bawlish, and Teignmouth, so like the much-vauntei line from Pisa to Genoa, with its glimpses of bine sea and fertile shore, ever. and anon blotted out by tantalising tunnels, scores of workmen might have been seen on Thursday and Friday afternoons wandering over the' sands and rooks and enjoying the glorious sceneryand weather which have distinguished the sunniest May known for many years in the West of ~B!ng»gT»fl. Many were collecting treasures inthe way of shells and seaweed jand one ancient navvy, who had probably never beheld Hie -sea before was Been to march down to lie shoDB and fill a.large medicine bottle with sea water, solemnly cork it, and put it in bisrpocket with the ?greatest care! A finer and better behaved body of working men ? could not be found in -the whole' kingdom titan this well ? trained army of railway workers,, whose occupation, besides mere bodily strength, requires skill, discipline, and courage to a very high degree. Mean while an afinoet endless procession of trucks,' trollies, ^vanB, brakes, aad passenger-coaches of all patterns, old .and new, went lumbering along for days towards .the whamhlns at Swindon, where 15 miles of broad gauge has been laid down for their reception, and where *h«w Jim heine either mercilessly destroyed as unfit for farther «se, or transformed by another vast -.anny of workmen collected there - into narrow eaugeTolBngstock. It is boasted that the ohaage.-can.bB effected in 10 minutes, but I cannot vonch for that fact. At the same time uarrow^suged stock, new and converted, ' has:been eent round, . via the South- Western Bailway, to Plymouth, that a stock might be aoooiniuatedih^ein^ieadiness for the change. Iaotiaed at Exeter various inscriptions in white chalk which had been scrawled on the departing phantoms of the old regime as they station. 'GooeUbye, old bone-sfoafcer, was theJegendon aneheavy.old-fashioned waggon. 'Ftom lie broad way in the narrow tray,' some SeriptaraHy-minded wag had scribbled on another. Noticeable on Friday afternoon juiA Avemne among the heterogeneous collec tion of old plant collected from every nook and cranny & every little station along the line, and now on its way to Swindon were strings of dolefiuJookingengines, in all stages of Mp^anddeeay, towed^hfittmore for tunatefellowB whose fires still burned brightly, and who puffed proadly along 'the road in the old style for Jfcelaet; time. As soon as the station sidings were empliy #ey were ma* very few hoursi»nverted to narrow ganga^and b ? Friday nothing that human forethought coul- devise had been left nnuoneto make ite fiua conversion a speedy one when oncetthe fated hour should amra. By tins time every alter nate tranEom had *een ^^y^W^*'^ right place, and ihose who witched the Une from Hew feet off fancied 4hat they would ratber not be in the last few passenger trams that steamed by. As I did not take tiie advice of a Hibernian friend and apply for a pass to take me all over the line during the precise period that the traffic was stopped, I had to be content with watching tie operations on one section of two miles, luckily in the most picturesque part of all the beautiful Devonshire coast. The night was mild and calm, and the moon had not yet risen 'when' a few minutes after 11 o'clock the last down train leaving London at 5 p.m. flashed past us. The down line was now clear, and the ganger of the next section to ours took tie opportunity of beginning operations on that lice at once. But our ganger knew exactly 'how. much time he had to spare, and quietly retired to rest early in the evening, ex pressing' bis intention not to start till 4 a.m. after the last up mail train should have passed on its way to London. By the time the mail pasted the moon bad risen ; but a very brief reign it enjoyed,. for tie summer dawn was already beginning to brighten the eastern sky. Half a dozen empty faming including the one which bad passed us going westward at 11 the night before, followed the mail, and before 5 o'clock the line from Penzanee -to Exeter was absolutely dear of all broad-gauge traffic. Then, with .tie sun shining-on sea and headland .and the birds singing gaily among the apple-, blossoms, the -little well-appointed company \- of [60 men if sued from their tent, and to the accompaniment of cuckoo, blackbird, \- and surging wave, the saw severed the Temain ing transoms,. the great crowbar lifted the longitudinal to its new position,' and hammer and screw were busy on rail and rivet. Not one detail had been forgotten. On a Btraight piece of line the operation was simple ; but where the corves came and the narrowing, of the gauge required a different length of rail tiers the sew sail was found lying ready, and in a few seconds it was xivetted on to the sleeper. Soon after 7 a.m. the whole of the two miles of dnwn rail was transformed into narrow . gauge; by 9 o'clock it had been gone over a second time, the. gauge had been accurately tested, the xivetshad been finally screwed in, and the packing adjusted ; and by this time as far as ordinary mortal could see the line was in perfect condition for travelling. As a re markable instance of the unfailing memory for all minutiae displayed by the Great Western officials, I observed about 10 a.m. a party of navvies trundling themselves from point to point on the up-fine in a broad-gauge trolly; while another party passed along the already converted down-line on a narrow-gauge trolly. Soon after midday a pilot-engine and break appeared from the direction of Exeter, and carefully felt their way on the down-line to beyond Teignmouth, returningat a higher rate of speed in lie afternoon, xhe seotdons on either side of -rar own had been converted with equal rapidity, and again beyond these sections on either side were streches of railway which had been laid for some time past on eleven-foot transverse sleepers ; here an inner railhad been placed in readiness some time before, and nothing therefore was left but to remove one of the outer ones. By three o'clock on Saturday afternoon the gauge on both up and down line had been altered; by sunset we heard that from Exeter tc Plymouth at least, if not the whole way to ' Falmouth and Penzanee, trains could nave been run without much risk. Instead of the . fif^y rhonxs allowed, the work was in some sort of decent order in twenty, and after the long day's labor on Saturday it was only necessary to give a few-finishing -touches to- day. Bivets and bolts were finally-proved, and the earth madenpeompactand firm between the sleepers. 