THE RIGHT SORT' A ROMANCE OF THE SHIREs. B? Mas. EDWARD KENNAIRD CIHAPTER XIli.-DIsxessrNo Ta LarEus' SVIIWLECILSE. In the meantime dilner was announced, .giling her an opportunity of collecting her wits, tor Colonel Clinker offered his arm to the hostess, Mr. M'Grath came forward to claim Kate, while Mary Whitbread fell to the portion of the fascinating Captain Fuller, who, how ever, having lost a conesiderable sumr at his club hi town on Saturday night-or rather Sunday mdrning-happened to be in a less sprightly an4 more taciturn mood than usual. After a littlepreliminary bustle, they seated themselves at.table, when Kate found the enemy had taken up a strong position on the right, while Mr. M'Grath suiported the left divislon. "You're looknug a little pale this evening, Mrs. Forrester,"eaid he. " Nothing the matter, I hope? You're not feeling seedyt" "A liver attack," she replied with a cus tomary bluntness. "Not very serious, only t requires plenty of fresh air and exercise. One Ceta fat and lazy in the summer. By-the-bye, ( Browser, that was a nice useful-looking I na you were riding to-day. Not so showy, I petaps, as the chestnut, but with capital good c paints, and looks like a wcrc-and-toar sort of customer." "You've described him to a nicety," said Kate in reply. "'The Duckling is a stout, honest little beast, never sick or sorry, but until c he gets excited inclined to take life almost too easily Ho lacks the chestnut's dash." .Have you ever ridden him with a spur:" "No, I can't say that I have. To tell the truth, I feel somewhat afraid of applying it c indiscriminately." "Oh no you wouldn't. You take myadvice, I and ride him with one, if only for a time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse a sluggish horse. They are apt to get cunning when ridden by ladies, and an occasional reminder does them all the good in the world. d I know many people object to a one-sided spur, c and Nay it's worse than useless, but my erx perience is exactly..the reverse. I consider it a t most valuable ausiliary, especially with a certain class of animal." "Faith! and a better authority does notexist I in the whole of Great Britain;" interposed Mr. M'Grath, looking round the table with an expression of conviction which seemed to say, "There! I defy anyone to contradict that statement!" "Now, Terry, keep yournational blarney for those who appreciate it." returned the old lady t vivaciously, and don't waste yoursoft sawder r upon, me. I'm too ancient for that sort of t thing, and past the market." "Begad! but it's rale unkind that ye are, fi Mrs. Forrester, mavourneen," exclaimed Mr.. t M'Grath, adopting the very strongest brogue. a "And a clever faymalo like yerself can always a command a market." "Thank you, my good friend; you are S eseedlingly flattering, and were 1 a young girl a my head would be quite turned with such a tl oomplimentary speech." f "Shure, Mrs. Forrester, and if ye were but a wee bit spalpeen, it would be for trying to b persuade ye to become Mrs. Terence M'Grath t that I should aspire." b " Then it's lucky for you that I am not, and p you are deterred from committing so crowning g an act of folly." retorted the old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. "Your heart's too c, big for your body, Terry, and as for your - common sense, it is nowhere, so let us change q the subject. Jack," turning to Colonel Clinker, c ' Ive got something to tell you, something I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to o: consultyou about. Axe you all attention?'-! i "Am I not always so when addressed by p Mrs. Forrester:" returned he gallantly. d "Who is the lady, and why does she seek advice from so incompetent a person?" F "A greatfriend of yours, Lady Anne Birkett, d, and she is mad about getting up a ladies' steeplechase. You remember there was some ca talk of doing so last winter, only the project iv fell to the ground for want of proper basking. y But this year it appears the old Earl has taken as up the affair co, asore, and has signitled his te intention of allowing the race to be run over b his land, provided some competent person- o, yourself for instance-will undertake to choose b a suitable course, and see that the fences arenot c1 too large and dangerous. It won't do, he says, p for the ladies to come to grief, neither will he allow the thing to be made public in any way, P butif a few of us choose to get it up amongst s, ourselves, and can ensure some four or five a, starters, he will present a handsome silver cup a, to the winner. Now Lady Anne, when she p heard you were coming here to-night, par- , tichilarly asked me to seek your opinion on this b mementous question, and engage, if possible, your active co-operation. In fact, she wants n yoti.to become the moving spirit, and take the k whole thing in hand from first to last." e "Very kind of Lady Anne, rm sure. But h who and what is the field to consist of ? Have you'any notion?" "Why, there's Lady Anne herself. She's as t keen as mustard about it, not that she will v possess the ghost of a chance of winning, unless 11 the Earl puts his hand in his pocket and gives g her a decent mount. Miss Palliser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. R Her ambitious spirit would simply revel in the excitement of a race. I lay any money thatshe jumps at the idea." "I wish the old scarecrow would jump off the hooks. Nasty spiteful ereature iI hate the h very sight of her out hunting! Well, go on, e who else?" . "Then there are Mrs. Paget and M3rs. Phippe; n perhaps one or two others; and lastly, with a little persuasion-myself." "'Yourself? Capital ! That puts a different complexion on the matter altogether. Why, a every man in Foxingtorr would turn out to see n the celebrated Mrs. Forrester come galloping in b between the flags on a winning mount. WVe a shall have another feather added to your cap o yet." "Or another censorious dart placed in the a hands of my enemies," said Mrs. Forrester, b whose eyes failed to be completely blinded by o the honour and glory of this redoubtable prospect. "I shall be called an old fool for my I pains, and not without some show of reason, for what's the use of going gallivanting over a country at my time of life? However, Lady i Anne left me no peace until I half promised her I would make one of the number." "And quite right too: the race would seem but a very half-hearted affair without your I oupport." "Oh, nonsense, .Tack; things would go on exactly the same. Only I help to swel the rank of lunatics, and the more the merrier. 1 Pelhaps Miss Brewser may be induced to take r part is the proceedings. What say you ?" I appeling to Kate. '"Will you throw in your lot with our daring band of horsewomon ?' "There's nothing in the world I should like I better," answered she, wit glistening eyes. i She had already pictured to herself the glorious sensation of piloting King Olaf past the winning poet, anld had listened breathleassily to everything that had ar e d between irs. Faorrester and Colmonel Cinker. ?O ,"" she added rathero lamely, catching no expression of stern dis approval on Mary Whitbrcad'o face opposite, "but-but f " Well, whatl'- interroisted Jack Clinker. "Don't be tfrtid to mention anpy scruples you may entertain. Perhaps," and Kate fncied ioject appears too Mdangero?se, and if so, my "uYour sympathines are ontirely mis pclaced," said she taortl-, feeling deeply wounded by any timid as yoa esem to imagino, and was not dleterred bythe possible danger; only," ather ing confidence, "should nriot we be apt to scandaisd the good iropla of the neirhbour hood, and make oerselves somewhat con epicnouss" "You are right, Miss Breoser, and display sound wisdom in beingafrsii of their comments. No doubtyou will gain a vary bad name." He was lnaughing at her, and she could not endure chaff from him, of all people irn the world, when up to this moment he nad more or less ignored her existence, and studliously ad dressed all his conversation to Mrs. Forrester. "I do wish yon would not employ that word 'afrmid,'" she said irritably., "rI detest it and once for all let me tell you I'm riot afraid of anything, certainly not of a few ill-natured refmrks from Ilople orho ore perfect strangers to me. So please bnish the idea from your " The beauty of it is." said Mrs. Forrester intervening, "people can't talk, for nobody is to know anything aboult the race outside our ownimmediate circle, and snobbiehism reigns so supreme that when folks hear the Earl of l'untingshire has been the chief patron ard supporter of it, scarcely a dissentient voice will be raised. In order to rmaintoin as much privacy as pcsible, he prnses tlat even the place of meeting shrould he kept a profound necret, and only divulged some four-and twenty hours before the race. However, my dear," turning blandly towards Kate.?"we wish everybody to please themselves, and If you have the least?heartatlon about riding do not scrunle to say so." " cor,'hes~r!" chimed Hnoble. Jack ap SPslliished by armrngemeot with Ward, Lock, and C4. ;243) provingly; "lthom's my sentiments, and if I were you, Misp Browser, I should decline." "But you are not me," she retorted in an undertone, " and all I decline is the advice so gratuitously offered. Perhaps you will allow me to judge for myself, and, ' looking round with an air of detlanco and speaking aloud, "my mind is made up. I intend to compote, since Mrs. Forrester has been good enough to ask me to do so." "That's right, my dear!" exclaimed the lady approvingly. "I told Lady Anne I felt almost sure you would join our party ; besides, it would be a shame not to give that beautiful chesnut an opportunity of showing us all his heels. [Is ought to have an uncommonly good chauce of winning. Can he stay ?" "Yes, I think so," answered Kate more placidly " liaves you heard what the distance is to be?" asked Colonel Clinker. "So much de pends upon that, especially with untrained horses, generally as fat as so many bullocks. I should say a two to a two and a-half miles course would be amply suflicient. A longer one will only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lay ten to one La Palliser comes in as blown as a Liverpool chaser." " W~Yll, all such details will probably be left to you to decide," said Mrs. Forrester. "Lady Anne wants you to go over the first day you can in order to settle preliminaries. You know the big grass-fields, within half a mile of the Castle? There was some talk of making one of'them the starting-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to be placed in your hands." "An exceedingly invidious honour, pretty sure to call down on my devoted head no end of abuse. I never knew the man yet who undertook to mark out a steeplechase course that did not come in for almost universal con demnation. The riders consider the obstacles too large, the public think them too small; the one finds fault with the distance, the other complains of its brevity; and so they go on. It's impossible to satisfy everybody, even under the most favourable conditions: but when it comes to pleasing half-a-dozen ladies, and providing both for their safety and amuse ment, I confess to shrinking from such a difficult anddelicate undertaking. It already weighs upon my mind like an ' incubus.' Im agine the tremendous responsibility of selecting the fences, when I think at each particular one that some frail-limbed woman may come to grief over it. I don't fancy the job in the ledit, and nothing but my friendship for Lady Anne would induce me to countenance it for one minute. However, since you ladies ap pear resolved, put me out of suspense at once ytelling me when the celebrated female Foxington steeplechase is likely to come off ?" \- "±won't have you speak of our purpose in that disparaging manuner," said Mrs. Forrester reprovingly. " And I back the ladies to acquit themselves quite as creditably as if they were men. Now, Tack, don't be disagreeable, for if you begin by giving yourself airs and turning up your nose an disdain the whole thing will collapse, and Lady Anne be terribly dis p I should be sorry to dinappointher ladyship. She's a real good sort, and I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little service that happened to be in my power. Has she fixed the time?" "Oh dear no! In fact the idea has only just been broached. But I fancy she wants the race to come off pretty soon, probably about the beginning of December, but any way before Parliament. Their plans after Christmas are generally rather unsettled." "The horses will have to be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional authority. "That is a sine qimi non. I suppose you are prepared to put the chestnut into regular work, Miss Browser?" "Really," said she, "I have hardly thought of it yet. Won't that mean losing his services in the hunting field altogether? And just at present I am too short of horses to be able to dispense with my best one." '"Short, are you?" interrupted Mrs. Forrester, who seldom allowed the chance of doing a little business to go by unmolested. "Are you on the look out for another? Be cause if so, I wish to dispose of an animal that would suit you down to the ground and carry you just like a bird. IIe's a bay, rising seven, anda first-rate fencer, as the Colonel there will tell you. As a rule I dislike selling to friends, but the Peer is a boud flde article, that I am only parting with owing to several younger horses coming on. He's a made hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, the price I'm asking for him." It flashed through Kate's mind that if the Peer were really so good as represented, it seemed hardly worth Mrs. Forrester's while to sell him at the very commencement of the season, but she was not aware that his original price was twenty-five guineas, and that for a profit of a hundred pounds the lady would have parted with every animal in her stable. " You are very kind," she answered diplo matically, thinking it well not to appear too keen. "I may probably have to purchase an extra horse or two later on, but just now I am in no particular bhurry for a few weeks." "May I be allowed to offer another piece of advice, in spite of the severe snubbing you took occasion to administer a short time ago," whispered Colonel Clinker a second or two later, when their hostess's attention was en gaged in another quarter. " Certainly," said Kate, feeling rather con. scious of the rebuke, but still somewhat sur prised at the request. "What is it?" "Don't you let yourself be persuaded to buy 'any of Mrs. Forrester's horses, that's all. She's a dear old soul, and I'm awfully fond of her, but I should be sorry to see one of her so. called 'made hunters' palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or have I once more com mitted an offence ?" "Not at all, but please explain what is your meaning?" "Why, you see Mrs. Furrester is both able and clever. She rides awful brutes, and manages to get rid of them to advantage some how. But they are not suited to other ladies, and therefore I should be sorry to see you buy one. Purchase a horse wiltl Mrs. Forrester if you like-there is no better judge in England, when the cheque comes out of somebody else's book-but not qfher. The risk,jeine times out of ten, is too great." "She must be a wonderful rider!" said Kate. "That's exactly what she is, but I should grieve to see a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and Ifnlow the Peer would not suit you." . "I'm not so young as all that. I was twenty.two last birthday," said Kate, impelled to make the statement by a species of brusque honesty, characteristic of her disposition. " A mere child," said he looking at her and thinking how much too young she was to face the world alone. He poticed also how bright and large her eyes were, and how perfect the pose of the small head. "You are not angry with me for what I have said?" he asked, feeling as if he should like to be good friends with her in the future. ': I have not annoyed you this time, have I." She hesitated for a second and then said "N No." " I know how independent you are," he con tinued apologetically. " and half feared yeou might resent my interference." SPeople ought to be independent, and able to shift for themselves in this world." " I entirely agree, so far as ohs' sex is con corned, but in yours it becomes a question whether independence may not be carried to too great an extent- whether it is not apt to give women a certai' brusqueness and hard ness, scarcely in harmony with their character, at least from a manly point of view ?" The sentence was uttered withoutany particular in tention, butcuriously enough Kate chose toput a personal construction upon it, and the spirit of opposition once more grow rife within her. " Oh!" she said flippantly, " I suppose you are like most other men, and care only for the pretty bliueeyed, flaxen.bhaired, doll type, which look up toyou and worship you like demi.gods. Drains don't signify:the fewer the better, for then dolly is less likely to see flaws in her idol, or to detect that what she takes for pure metal is nothing but abase alloy. These clinging, litchen-like creatures appeal to a man's vanity it not to his nobler instincts, and in return they are rewarded by a luke warm, half-contemptuous affection. The naturalposition of things is reversed, and e'rol I'homs,equi se la iese aimi,o, pae In fJ'eune ? It saves a greatdeal of trouble, andi the limpets make excellent anl obedient wives. They at any rate are not tooindependent." " You are sweeping in your condemnations. Miss Brewser. Luckily for me, however, I have escapea the wiles of these beautiful. but inane playthings of whom you speak. Matri mony is an expensive luxury, rather super fluous than otherwise in my estimation, especially nowadays, whenyoung ladies expend a moderate fortune on their clothes, and the dressmaker's bill would nearly cover the ex penses of a season's hunting. A mai must either be very bold, very rich, or very, very foolish to undertake the modern girl of the period." " Girl of thoperiod, indeed ! What an odious expresion ! Just as it there were not hundreds asndhundreds of nice, quiet,sensible girla about, if only the men had sense enough to appreciate .them !. Instead ofwhish, because their frocks happen to be a little behind the fashion, or their bsots country made, and their gloves a size or two too big, they call them frumps, I guys, gawkies, dowdies, every name under the sun. Why should we all be judged by our i outer garments to such a ridiculous extent as o to veil our eyes to inward merit ? Answer me ' that question if you can." d "But I can't. It's much too abstruse for i, my feeble comprehension." ' Well, thou, do you believe in the law of o demand and suppl7 . Are you by any chance a political economist f" y "Apolitical economist indeed ! Why, my it dear Miss Browser, I am not oven a domestic it one, and find it impossible to practise that I virtue at home. A poordevil likdhyseolf, head s over ears in debt, has quite enough, and more Sthan enoughl, to do in minding his own affairs, without bothering about those of the nation." o " Ah you don't understand me. What I meant was simply this. You men as a body complain of the girls. You say they are fast, frivolous, and extravagant. Well, I ask in their I defence, who make the girls so if not the men i themselves-? They create a demand for a certain style of woman, and that demani is promptly supplied in order to gratify their tastes. If there was no demand, there would be no supply. It is merely a fundamental law of nature-that's all. In support of my theory, enter any hall.room almost that you like, and you. will see rows upon rows of quiet, ood girls sitting partuorleoss by their chaperones, while the loud, noisy, fast ones have nearly every man in the place dangling after themn. True, the lords of creation may return to their homes, and after devoting themselves all the evening to Mrs. A. or Miss B., declare they thank heaven theirsister, wife, daughter, as the case may be, does not resemble the divinity, but with what result ? Why their belongings, who probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after ia bit begin to make comparisons. That stage once reached, the end soon ap proaches. They find that if they paint their cheeks, dress showily, talk immodestly, and altogether are ' bad form,' they, too, become a centre of attraction, and need no longer sit in retired corners alone, ' chewing the bitter cud' of desertion and isolation. They become different beings, but you men alone are to blame for their degeneration, though in the words of that arch-sneak Adam, when the mischief is done you turn round and say, ' It's not me. it's thewoman.'" She had forgotten where she was, and who she was speaking to, being carried away by the bitter earnestness of her subject. Unlike many girls of her ago, the had seen a great deal of the world, and that under such peculiar circumstances as to render her unusually clear sighted. Hair cheekl now were flushed, and her whole face sparhlig with animation, and Colonel Clinker, looking at her in astonish ment, could not restrain his admiration. He dearly loved a highly.mottled steed, and Kate in this glowing mood reminded him of some gallant and spirited young creature. He had never met any one like her before, so clever, so original, and yet so honest and simple. She impressed him by her strength of character aswell as by her good looks. And he himself possessed a strain of candour which forced him, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by so young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure the truth of what she said. It began dimly to dawn upon his mind that it was just possible the world might contain better things even than horse-racing and horse. riding, and that a dear little woman at his own fireside might possibly exercise a more salutary influence over him than did the life of restless excitement he was in the habit of leading-a life of wasted ability and unprofitable plea sures, whose only results consited in embar rassing his father's old age, and squandering the patrimony he otherwise might have in herited. The child, this outspoken girl, with her honest voice, fearless eyes, and daring opinions, clad in her simple white gown, had appealed most strangely to his better nature, raising in him suddenly a vague unsatisfied longing after nobler things. Such sensations seemed too unreal to be encouraged-only a passing weakness-to be crushed in its infancy, such as the sight of a pretty woman, the glance of an eve. the turn of a head,will often give rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh he roused himself from his meditations. " You are a hard hitter," Miss Browser, hoe answered, " and I scarcely know how to de. feud my sex against so forcible an attack. You speak, however, as if your own ex* perience had been unfortunate. At twenty two one's views on mankind and one's knowledge of its deficiencies are not generally so matured." KLate coloured up to the very roots of her hair. " Yes," she said, after a pause, while her voice quivered slightly. " you are right. I hrre been unfortunate in my experience, but please do not let us talk about it." " Here, Terry !'.' cried Colonel Clinker to his friend, with ready tact, seeing the conver. sation evidently began to distress her, " come to the rescue, and help me to defend myself against this young lady's shafts of sarcasm. We men as a body have been catching it terribly hot all round, Can't you say some- I thing neat on our behalf ? I never came out head of the class in argument, but you're a real tiptopper at it." " I should not dream.of contradicting a lady," said .Mr. M'Grath politely, in answer to this appeal. "Bless their dear hearts ! I love them alll" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at the top of his voice, with a hearty expansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusement that the conversation once more became general, until Mrs. Forrester made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at the end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to lose its equilibrium and to roll sideways on to the floor. " Now you young men," said she impres sively, as she dived under the mahogany in search of the missing article, and suddenly came in contact with Mr. M'Grath, bent on a similar errand, "you're to make haste, and not sit drinking and smoking all the rest of the evening. We want you to amuse us, and not /iouraerhes, for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cards by.and-bye." The gentlemen, thus admonished, made the most solemn promises not even to allow the charms of tobacco, wine, and anecdote to detain them, which promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meanwhile Mrs. Forrester had not been idle. With the assistance of the two girls she cleared thecentre table of its books and covering, and placed four shaded candles in their stead, ready for a start. In thorough harmony with the sporting side of her character, the old lady dearly loved a quiet "gamble," and so long as it did not go beyond a certain limit, it afforcded her the heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though that satisfac tion was a trifle less apparent when she herself was called upon to disburse. " Can you and Miss W'hitbread play nap or poker.;" she inquired of the two girls. "They are our great gamnes, though I set my face against anything higher than threepenny points. Still, these are excrting enough." "I don't think Mary knows either game," said Kate. answering for both. "As for myself, I have played a few times only, just sufficient to master the first very elementary rules, and to appreciate the value of a flush or full hand." "Abh, I see you are a, feid, and any little mistake you commit some or the gentlemen will easily correct. Mlr. CiGrahame," addressing that individual, who was shyly warming the small of his back before the ire and caressing an in visible flaxen moustache with great solicitude, "you'll bank with Miss Whitbread, won't yen?" The Chirper thus appealed to started vio louently, turned crimson with confusion, but expressed his extreme willingness to assent to the proposal. He had sat hlbyary gWhitbreadl's side during dinner, and had been fairly astonishedl at his own garurhty-. For once he had come across a girl who did not alarm or set her cap at him, but who listened with becoming attention to his every utterance, sod who attended to the narrative of his personal affairs with an interest as genuine as it was charming. The young people had no objection whatever to beinag paired off ct cards, and began counting their counters with amicahlo gravity. Not so Kate, who when asked by Mrs. Forreater if she would condescend to play with Colonel Clinker, said in the most macked manner "Thank you, Mrs. Forrester, I prefer my independence and dislike all partnerships, pre ferring to stand or fall alone." " Miss Brewser is quite right," said he ironi cally, "alliances are always to be avoided, Sesnecially between people so dissimilar in cha Sracter as ourselves. Weo shonld fight like eat Sand dog over some miserable rubbishy hand. SWeo two are better apart." There was no getting over him. Every 1 remark she male he promritly capped, ard ahitherto she had een decidedly worsted in each \- separate encounter. t ' Tee, far better apart," she said with a toss Sotthe head. "It irs fortunate that for once we agree." " Meost fortunate," he echoed, but inwardly he exclaimed, " dtouce takd the girl! What the devil does she mean with her partnership? Does she apppoee I want to force myself upon her, or is it nothing but her infernal conceit'?" ' And Kate, on her side, thought, "I never met anyone so horribly Barcastic in all my life. I a don'tle him one bit, and yet he can be nice enough whoen he chooses. n owever, sine he e evidently wishes for war-war lot it be to the r knife." e So the two antagonists sat and glowered at e each other across the green baize cloth, and played on all sorts of foolish hands, just for the r sake of opposition. But when the game came to an end, and they counted up their losses, the f gain to neither party had been great. "I think we'd better consent to bury the hatchet next time we play poker together,' said Colonel Clinker. "We should have been clean broke had we gone on at this rate, and | had it not been for theo limit." The girls had declared they must be going, and he made the above remark in an undertone when he followed them into the hall, and helped Kate on with her cloak. His voice founded soft in her ears. It had a peculiar timbre which touched her in spite of herself, and he looked so thoroughly manly and gentlemanly as he stood there, pretending to fumble over her cloak, that she said in reply, with all the indilfference she could assume "Very well, we will avoid the bankruptcy court if possible, else our creditors might have a rough time of it." Was it not an unfortunate coincidence that these two, oven although unintentionally, al ways contrived to wound each other on their tenderest points. Kate had been innocent of any evil intention, neverthe less Jack Clinker's feelings were sorely hurt by what he imagined was marked refer ncuce to his pecuniary difficulties. " That was a nasty speech, Miss Brewser," he said coldly. "You don't lih'ke my advice, for the third time this evening: I tender its You are fond of hitting the right nail on the bond, but take care you don't get into the habit of striking it too hard. It's an evil and un kind practice, apt to grow unawares upon those who indulge in it." And now suddenly she remembered what Mrs. Forrester had told her of his financial embarrassments, and the construction he had evidently put upon her words grew clear to her mind. "Oh !" she cried hastily, while a flush of shame dyed her face, " I did not mean it. I'm so sorry-so awfully sorry. Will you ever for give me?" His brow cleared at once. "Never mind," he said, in quite a different tone. " It w.s my fault. "I'm a stupid fool to be so huffy. Gaod- byeMiss Breowseer," He handed her into the carriage, shut the door, and then added persuasively, "You'll let me come and see you, won't you?" She could not have told herself what was the instinct that induced her too look him straight in the face with a smile and say "Yes." After all he could be nice when he chose : and though she was in no danger of falling I. victim to his fascinations, she began to understand that Mrs. Forrester had spoken truly when she declared Jack Clinker to be a dangerous man. She had not acted quite as she had intended throughout the evening. But there was no fear of his provingdangerour to her-not the least. That was quirt a rdifferent thing. Meantime Mr. MB'Grath was holding a pri vateconference with his friend Mrs. Forrester. " Well," said he, in an anxious whisper, S"how do you think they are getting onP It struck me it Ivas rather a slap in the face for poor Jack when she turned round and told him she detested partnerships! What do you sup pose she meant by it ?" "Oh, nothing," answered Mrs. Forrester, soothingly. "She runs a bit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the lash. you know, and she showed some temper. Nothing more than might have been expected, however." WVhich declaration was a highly magnani. mous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester had not imparted to Mr. McGrath the manner in which she had betrayed his confidences. " But do you think matters are progressing satisfactorily ?" said he. "Admirably: how could they possibly be going on better I Why, they did nothing the whole evening but spar and quarrel like two great overgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What on earth would you have more?" - "Idon't know, Do you call squabbling a good sign?" . "A good sign? Yes, certainly; I tellyou it's a capial one!' " "Don't you consider it looks somewhat like a case of mutual aversion P" ,.-.::. ;. "Terry, you're really a very simple' indi. vidual.. tell you it's no such thing. It's the law of attraction and: gravitation which makes warring elements unite. Why, where's your natural history, man I" " Well," said Terry, but half-convinced, " yon may be right. You're a clever woman, Mrs. Forrester; but it's not the way the boys do their courting in' Ireland. Lrve-makling there is done at the first intent, so to speak, and does not require all this beating about the bush and groping in subterranean alleys." "Subterranean alleys! Wihat nonsense you're talkiug, Terry." "It's true, though, all the same. In our country the boys make up to the girls in a straightforward fashion. and give them a slap ping good kiss on the cheek without all this roundabout sort of palaver." " And a slapping good snub Jack would get for his pains if he were to try that game on. Noo, ir, rerry, make up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly followed on all occasions; and believe, besides, that most women are not won in that plough. boy manner. They like what you call ' round about palaver.'" " Well, it beats me altogether, and I give it up as abad job. All I can say is, appearances are not entirely satisfactory." " AndI tell you the appearances are exceed ing satisfactory, could notbemore so, in fact; and that you know no more about the ways of ' a man and a maid' than my old tabby cat there," pointing to one on the rug. With which remark she bade him farewell; and, having turned her guests out of doors, retired to rest, well pleased with what she considered had proved a most successful evening. The Honble. Jack Clinker, at all times subject to curious tansies, took it into his head to walk home, and firmly declined the com panionship even of Mr. M'Grath. So he put on his greatcoat, lighted a cigar, and trudged away steadily. The yellow moon shone like a clear sphere in the darkheavens,anon brighten ing all the landscape, and making the trees and hedgerows stand out in delicate sillro,ette, again hiding away behind a mass of heavy cloud, while ths merry stars twinkled and played at bide and seek in their far-off homes, " Only twenty-two," said he, pursuing a train of reflection evidently uppermost in his thoughts, " and hates partnerships ! Dash it all! It'snot naturalat that age to talk like a woman of the world. She said her experience had been unfortunate. I wonder how and in what way I'd give a pony to know thestory of herlife. She must have been disappointed orbadly treated some time or other. P'erhaps it was somed----di fellow, which is the reason she's so awfully hard on therest of us. Poor little soul! How pretty she looked when she was laying down the law. She remindedmo of a snowdrop in her white freaock, and her eyes sparkled juatlike two jewels. Talk of dolls, indeed! tThere's mighty Little of the doll about her ! What a spirt she has got, and yes--" with a smile, " what a tongue as well. Never m:nd, after all she means no harm by it, and her heart is in the right place.. I don't think your milk-and-watery creature would suit me in the long run. One soon tires of them, just as abe said. Now there wouldbe no sameness, no monotony about her. She'd keep a man up to thbs mark, and prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why, she made even mec-Mr-Jack Clinker-feel iuclined toi turn over a new loafst, and regret the past. I wonder, now, whether it would be possible to begin a fresh and kick clear of the old groove ? Things can't last much longer as they're doing. A smash sooner or lateris inevitable. Prahaw! whata fool I am to be sure! Ican't think what's come tome to-night, or what has put such ideas into my head. It's not likely a girl ot Miss Browser's wealth, surronnded, too, with every luxury, would ever care for a poor devil like myeolf. Enough of such nonsense. These confounded stats make a fellow maudlin." He puffed vigorously at his cigar, and looked rp into the cool, dark sky. The soft night air. lIton with moisture, kissed his cheek, and seemed to lull his sernses to rest. The peace of naturre shed her charm around him, sinking petty every-day worries and actions into triviality. " What an awfully jolly evening !" he soliloquised once moreo. knocking the osh away from his nearly smokied Havanneh. " It makes one feel inclined to wander about all night. dreaming of half.fledged thoughts and wishes. Were lt not for that bothering money I have everything a man could want-good rather, positron, healtih, friends, and spirita and yet, every now and again there seems to I crop up a curious void, just as there lid this evening. I wonder what it is, and why on earth that girl in iher white frock made such an impression upon ms. Heigh-ho! It's a funny, unsatisfactory world in many ways!" And with this unoriginal conclusion to his" Smoralising, Jack Clinker found himself stand by his own hall-door, whichiff entered with a ltch-keyand making a ba headache an ex. cuae for not sitting iuto the small hoursof the morning, dicussing u to evening's events over a t brandy and soda with Terenco M'Orath, he I went up.stairs at once. He did not care to Slisten to his friend's opinions of "that smart a young woman in white." He could fancy Terry using the very words; and he was in one of those fastidious, uncertain moode when com ments are apt to be distasteful, and therefore ungraciously received, and when one's feelings are so highly strong that chaff irritates and banter jail. Those " confounded stars , had oeetoinly a good deal to answer for. (TO Be cofIoTrEUD.) 