HpW SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION ?" THIS Now, which mho vvor.se—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have uo dinner £oi your appetite T he it; u re lots of people on the one aide or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on W>tn." that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Hut moot of us are not blessed in that wa\ ; wu either have too much food without uu appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to saiisly it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an apputitu without a dinner, because, short 1 of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel, like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To ill.istrale. We reeeutlv received a communication in which the wiiter says, I wite afraid to oat." Ihd he faney his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against thei.nourishwent ho lived on f 11 the hitter, why I Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " lu the year IS8 ( .) I changed my work fratn railway porter to signalman. I ha I been signalman twelve mouths, aud tiien all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tusied bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their llavour; the palate lo put it in that way, appeared to havujuotjjing to say to them. One tiling was like another, aud none WHS good. My tongue was ivatud and furred, with a dark line down the mi'idle and yellow fur round it. My bieath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the clu>t and shoulders, which were aiwiiys right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gathei so it felt like a ball in my throat, and am as if it would choke nie." Wecaunot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his weals. lie adds that there was what he calls ai ;< pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the isweat rolled off liiui. " I dreaded,' he says, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made, for I was afraid to eat." "After a time 1 got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the, impoverished stale of his blond (the lift; bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the bratu enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts aud goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, 1 stuck to my work' for lihad a wife and family dcpending^on me. So I struggled on, but what 1 suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as 1 have done." In the latter statement lie is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, aud is always harder to bear than is one's notion of Ms neighbor s pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the'sanie wretched experience,! only we dout happen to come in touch with them. '•"WelT, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to :read in a book of a case exactly like his own having 'been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. My wife," he says, got nie a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, arid after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. 1 have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) GEOIU»K HUNT, " Carr Bottom ltoad, "Apperloy Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 