“FAIRY QUEEJ4.” OB, Love Will Find the Way. CHAPTER XVI. “ ONCE KOBE THE BOSE OF HAPPINESS HAS WITHERED. “ Life’s rose of sweetness Now withers in its pride, Hope’s bright completeness Clouds of sorrow hide.” ' It was Irene Leslie who pushed the door . open in such a rode maimer, startling ■ : Qoeenie as she stood dressed in her bridal robes, and her. reasons foj so doing were known only to herself. Her wicked, revengefal spirit conld not contain itself, so eager was she to witness ' the disgrace and exposure of her beautiful rival, and patience was an unknown word to her. “ How you startled me, Irene 1” the young girl ' said, in a trembling voice, her heart throbbing wildly. “ I—I did not know what had’ happened.” Alas 1 poor Qneenie 1 For the first time she had betrayed herself, and into the black "eyes watching her there flashed a gleam of triumph, and with a sneering laugh she said, meaningly : “Why, what did you suppose had hap pened? 8nrely von, do not expect anything unpleasant to happen on your wedding-day 1 With such an indulgent father and a dp voted lover, life holds nothing bat sweetness for yon.” Qneenie shuddered as she listened to the mocking words, for there was h menace in that voiceithat she had not heard before, and a chill struck to her heart, but why, she could not say. She was abont to answer her. but just at that moment the half-dozen' bridesmaids, all young girls about Queenie’s age, came flattering into the room like a flock of gay plumaged birds, and she knew then that in a few moments she wonld stand besideher lover, and listen to the solemn words that made them one forever. Word came to her that the bridegroom was waiting for her, and with a throb of joy at her heart she went ont into the great, 'flower-decked hall to join him. Yes, there he was, handsome and im patient, his dear face wearing an anxious expression, which gave place to a happy Smile when his eyes rested upon the vision of loveliness half hidden by the misty veil, and he started forward, his lips trembling with the words of love that burned them. She was conscious of placing her hand npon his arm, of hearing the low, sweet Strain of the wedding-march, and to the hour of her death she remembered the perfume of the orange-blossoms that she wore. Ah! what rapture, what heavenly happi ness it must be when a bride stands at the altar with the one to whom she has given her-pure love, knowing that henceforth their lives are as one. No more doubts, no more fears? Never again while life lasts can the same holy feelings fill her heart. Never again Bhall she live for herself alone, for now her idol is her life, her all. : Those were some of the saired thoughts ' that filled Qneenie’s mind as she stood there, ‘her hand claBped within her lover’s, listening to the words spoken by tbe man of God Once she raised her eyes, and her glance fell upon tbe proud and haughty face of Harry’s mother, the »ne who had driven her away with bitter falsehood, and she half smiled, wondering what she wonld say if she were to know that the girl whose face was almost • hidden by the folds of the bridal- veil, was that of the penniless girl she had scorned. Oh. the scent of orange-blossoms, the low throb of the orchestra concealed behind a grove of tall palms and feathery ferns I Never conld she forget them. And as she felt the warm clasp of her beloved’s fingers, a thrill of delight went through her. But what was the meaning of that wild : commotion at the end of the long room. Who was that tall. daTk-faced' woman that she dared force her way into that gathering of beauty and brilliancy and disturb the sacred silence that brooded over all, broken only by the words of the marriage service ? Who was she that she was bold enough to pause before the young pair and cry out in a clear, ringing voice: “ Stop! I forbid tbiB marriage to go on I” If a thunderbolt had fallen in the midst of that bejewelled throng they would not have been one half so amazed as they were at sight of that tall, sombre-robed woman, whose dark, evil face gleamed with revenge fnl satisfaction. People stared into each other’s faces, too thoroughly surprised and astounded to speak.; the white-haired old minister paused in the middle of the ceremony, and looked first from one to the other in wonder and dismay. The pretty bridesmaids gasped Tin chorus, and the lovely face of the bride beneath her veil had grown ashen white, fer she knew that her day of happiness was at an end. She was the only one as yet who had obtained a good, square look at the intruder, and the bridegroom, a frown black as mid night darkening his brow, cried out; “ The woman is a raving maniac 1 Let someone arrest her, for Bbe hassnrely escape! from some asylum 1” A burst of mocking langhter rang through the crowded room, and stepping forward so that she stood facing him, she removed her bonnet and long, flowing black veil, and cried \- in triumph: “ Now do yon know me, Harry Holley ?” He. staggered hack, his face grew deathly . pale,and hefaltered hoareely: “ Madame Yayne! Yon here ? What in Heaven’s name do yon mean? Speak, woman, and tell me what brings you here \- on this,'my wedding-day?” “I am here to tell you and the others whom she has deceived and been a living lie to, that the girl yon stand beside is an im postor and mot Lncile Leslie, the heiress!” ahei answered in a lond, clear voice that could be heard throughout the room. “ Woman, yon lie 1” These three words cut the air like a sharp flash of lightning that rends asnnder the inky sky before a tempest of wind and rain. They came from the lips of Colonel Leslie, . and with one swift stride he was at Madame Vayne’s side, his eyes flashing, his breast heaving in anger. He had just reached forth one hand to grasp her by the arm, when she turned suddenly and faced him. •' Tow! ’ he gasped hoarsely. “Yowl” Oh, what a change had come over him! Twenty years seemed to have been added to his age since he looked into her face. His ■cheeks were drawn and sunken, his eyes staring in horror as if he had suddenly be held a ghost. His hands shook and shivered like an old feeble man’s, and he did not look like the handsome, distinguished Colonel ' Leslie, always so calm and self-composed. Madame Yayne faced him, cool and de fiant.' Her thin lips were curled in a mock ing smile; and an ugly sneer distorted her oncehandsome features. “ Yes, Colonel Leslie, it is I!” and fold ing her arms across her breast she stood waiting for him to speak. “My Hod!” groaned the stricken man, forgetful alike of the wondering throng around him, watching him with curious eyes, and the yonng girl whose white, set face of agony the angels must pity. “ What are you doing here?” “I am here to tell yon in time that the scheming • girl yon believe to be yonr daughter is not yonr child, but a poor and nameless orphan that I cared for and gave a home to for years 1 Her rightful name is Qneenie Meredith. Your own child was drowned while talking with this schemer upon the deck of the doomed boat on which (they both were passengers, and this girl took her place. I know, fer I was on board that rsame steamer, and I witnessed it all. Ask her, and see if she dares deny it 1” , : A groan of more than mortal agony burst from Colonel Leslie’s lips, and he staggered and . would have fallen had not Harry Holley caught him and steadied him while he cried: “ Be calm, Colonel Leslie, I beg of you. There is some fatal mistake. Let Lucile speak for herself 1” : And turning, to the girl he said im ploringly :. “Lncile, my darling, speak, for mercy’s mike, apeak at once and tell yonr father that It is false I Tell him that it is ali a fearful mistake, dearest, for this suspense is driving n* both mad J Darling, , speak to me, and I Will believe yon against the whole world 1” • ~ To the last hour of her life Qneenie never fontot the pleading and entreaty in his dear, dark eyea, and, ob, how she loved him at that moment when he said that he would believe her against the whole world! How fcidlfr was for her to stand before him, and; ^ beloved face, Utter the words, knew would separatethem for ever. . tBit AWt for * single-moment did she Walter. Atgorer occurred to her to speak a dsMbood,although he would have believed fiie(va*fce.aaid,-against the world. 2»3Wy;aw ,y«a jlmmst?” he im. ptawihil iscc WWtoapd mt, "Ob, Lucils, my darling one,' speak and tell me it is falsel” ... iff.lt is too trae, Harry,” she said simply, and the ring of patience and submission in her sweet voice touched the hearts of all present. “ It is true that I am not Imcile Leslie. Madame Vayne speaks the truth.” A gasp of horror ran throngh that vast assembly, and with a groan the fond lover reeled, and then staggered backward, cover ing bis face with both hands. It was then that Colonel Leslie remem bered that he was not alone, and, raising bis haggard face with its bloodshot eyes, he said in a hoarse, unnatural voice : “ Friends, a deep trouble has fallen upon me, and I trust yon will pardon me if I ask yon to leave me alone. Ton see that this wedding cannot go on.” No cne uttered a word, bnt one by one the guests ail slipped away until only those who were concerned in the Borrowf nl tragedy re mained. The stricken young lover remained, with bis face hidden in his hands nntil his mother started forward, and, laying one hand upon his arm, said harshly : “ Come with me, Harry. Surely, you do not wish to remain longer in the same room with that base creature!” “ Hash, mother 1” he cried, casting a look of love and grief upon the beautiful girl ’ who stood pale but calm before her accuser, “ hush, mother, for I love her I” “ Madam!”—it was Colonel Leslie’s voice, stern and severe, that spoke—“ madam, be kind enough to remember that this young girl, although she may have sinned, _ is beneath my roof and under my protection while she is here.” How Qaeenie’s heart thrilled when she heard Harry Holley say that he loved her, and then in the next moment'she knew that it was useless, for Bhe could never hope to be anything to him now. The moon had arisen, and its pallid beams creeping in at the window where she was standing threw long, slanting rays of light across her lovely face, and, as she witnessed its glory, she whispered sadly to herself : “ Once more the rose of happiness has withered as my hands were abont to pluck it—once more my star of hope has set for ever behind the clonds of sorrow.” Alas 1 poor Queenie. It was too true. 