j: f!ocrjl ANOhiCAN.— Fifth Sniuiay after Trinity. July 17 ; Poly Trinity— Comniunion at 8 a.m , ipattins lit 11, evensong at 7.30 ; Gleucoe at 3 o'clock A- " W, King. ' ' ' Weslkyan;.— Divine service will.be conducted op Sunday pejyas follows i-rrVin-n imesao (i ami l.ou, lied Range at 2 30 - Rev. W- Wil|ard ; Giare- i'luilx, at 3, Air. T. li. Rule, fflie chuicli quarterly meeting will bp .held jn the phucuh o;i Wiiihiesday at 4.30! Prayer meeting every Monday at"7 3.0 ; united service. Wednesday at 7-3.0 ; choir practice Friday at 1 30. . Presbyterian.— The Rev. R.Kay will preach next Sab b.a tli at Glen Junes at 11, and 7.30, anil at Welliugrove at 3 ; Waterloo (tin' Rev. A. Cameron)-' at 3- Choir practice qu Friday at 7.30. Tree- planting " iice" at the ceinetery on Wednesday from 10 till 5 ; all' willing to help will kiihllyVc- eppt tiiis as a notice tlrit their services will be most gratefully accepted. . ' . . Goy,u Leases.— Ou the 15th instant the following ! goid lease will be declared void, and may be re- 1 takeu at 2.30. the sauie day ;— No. 100, J. T. I Harrjs, 10 acres at Qakwo.oil, Gulf. B.A'Nb Day. — Oil Thursday the following applica tion \yas made at the local Lauds .Office : — .John | Gray, c.p. 40. apyes aqd c.l, 120 acres, parish of Kingsgate. Pglice Court.— During tlie week the following pases uere beard at the Police Court : — Charles Clifford >vas charged at the instance of Alexander Pqlphin. sto.i'fkeeper at Glen Elgin, witli obtain ing goods by picans of a false pretence to wit, that he was engaged to. erect the crushing battery £\t ahe Glen Elgjn Company's mines, and that lie Would pay for tlie said goods oq the 27 tli June last. 4-be accusccl. who liiul been employed at the.Gjeii Elgin mines, left without paying his debt ; hence these proceedings The Police Magistrate held thn.t there, was no pase against the accused, bu1 that the nioucy should be recovered in the ordinary way, ami ilisinissed the case, staling that defendant had his remedy, tq take proceedings for malicious pro secution —A' the instance fit the Forest Inspector, Edward ' Wilsnfi, Thomas W-ilsnu, Jiunes Byown, ami Them as 1'ugh \vi-ru fiued 2s. 6d. 'and Is. rpspec- j tively, and the two last ps. each and 4s. lO.d. costs (if court, for breaches of .the regulations. A. ' Rada summoned J allies Ramsay for the detention of a horse. Tlie case was Withdrawn. The " Rural Australia Journal."— The third number of this useful monthly, under new manage ment, has been forwarded to .us fpr our opinion. It is a compact and luisiness-like luoking journal of 92 ;pages, neatly printed and well got up The subject matter, as its name implies, deals .exclu sively "witli' rural' topics, and is mosfc skilfuliy treated by a gifted literary, staff. Scarcely; an item of interest to farmers seems to have been overlooked, in addition to which there also are to be found in -the Rural Australian paragraphs on subjects of more general' interest. It is in short a publication that, to judge from its quality, should find no lack of support, more especially amongst the farming community. A Sell.— The. "ghost illusion" that recently was announced in Glen Iuucs by a showman, who "did not think it advisable long to delay his depar ture after the performance, proved one of the most transparent of impostures ever ' palmed off on -a long suffering audience. Judged by after events, it was most laughable to find what a terrible fuss the showman made to have every light in tlie hall eXtinguishe'd ; and when Al'Cormack's Music .Hall, where the entertaiument took place, was as dark as pitch, and expectation was raised to the highest point, there was thrown on the curtain a very in ferior magic lantern picture of a skeleton dancing ! The imposition was greeted with groans and hisses. Some compensation, however, for this dis appointment was the spleudiil rendition on the pianoforte of some difficult pieces by Air. Bous- mard, who undeniably is a urilliant pianist, al though less than -mediocre as a showman and juggler. Fatal Accident to Captain Jenkins.— It is our melancholy, duty ..to chronicle that Captain William Jenkins, manager of the United Butcher's Co. mine at Bear Hill, met with his death hy; a fall, from off his horse, between Bear Hill and Kookara- hooka, oil the afternoon of ..last "-Wednesday — he was found lying dead at;about 5 o'clock. Although we have re eived no positive information regarding tlie sad accident, it is known that he was riding a hard-monthed, awkward . horse along the rough bush track that constitutes the short! cut between £LOoaarai)uOKa ami near mil tnat wiuas in ami out between numerous tree trunks. ; the horse probably - swerved and, judging from appearances, Captain Jenkins was struck on the side of tlie head by aii overhanging branch with such violence that his neck was broken, and the body was then thrown from the saddle at the spot where it was fouuil. Air. G. Martin,. the coroner, held an inquiry at Kookarabobka oh " Thursday touching the cause of death, when a verdict in accordance with the facts . related .was brought in. Tlie remains of the de ceased gentleman were taken to Glen Lines at 3 a.m. on Friday for burial in the cemetery. Tlie melancholy cortege arrived at 3 p.m., and was joined by many friends and acquaintances of the deceased, who sadly followed tlie remains to their ' last resting place, where they were reverentially laid according to the rites of the YVesleyan Church by the Rev. \V. G.: Willard. It adds to the, soin- hrencss.of tlie sad event to know that Captain Jen kins leaves a widow and large family, who are. uni versally sympathised 'with ; aiul deep grief-- is felt for the demise of Captain Jenkins, who was a general favorite — a thoroughly honest ami practical miner, a good husband, father ami master. £"P" 111 1 1— ' H ' ri!Trr 'iVff - Jerday at tlie Glen Iuucs Superior Public School Jthe- Higher grade gained by .-Mr! W. Radford a# examination in December last ha--, as the result oft ?the recent visit to this' town of Air. Di-piity Chief ) -Inspector Al'Intyre, been confirmed, and Alr.-Rad- fqrcl is now ranked as a teacher of the first class. Air.' Webster has also been promoted to class 2a Aliss Constance Johnson lias been appointed in the room of Miss James, resigned; Miss 'Swain, the j .'mistress,- isj atr present oil. leave .through illness, j and Aiiss Johnson is being assisted temporarily by f Miss- Da vies —The arrangement by which the| Olearhatik (Waterloo) School has' for the past threef months been worked as .half-time with Wellingrqvc is n'ot-.fqnnd to be satisfactory; tlie former school has accordingly been closed, Mr. Lockrey re ' moved- to- Wandsworth, and Aliss Stafford wil; . take charge of Welliugrove as a full-time school.— ; Mr. W. Anderson, so favorably known at Emma ville, and who \vas"also recently promoted to. class i, has beciu removed to Camden, his successor beim Air. George B1 inner. — Miss' Elizabeth -M'Cabe sue-' cceds to the charge of Stra'hbogie School, in rooir. of Miss Bergih. / j | ' ' JgTifeogaMSwggMuitiLVY.— With sincere -sorrow we have to rpcord the death at Parrumatta at midniglit on Friday of -Mr D. H. Murray, -the Government surveyor iu this district, at the age of 32, from heart disease. Our readers will remember that Air. AI array's demise .was. hardly unexpected. A consultation of two leading medical experts was held at Parramatta abont three "weeks ago, ami very slight liopes of. his recovery were entertained by thein— an opinion that- hail been already stated by his medical attendant in Glen Innes. - Air. Alurray had lived over two years in this town, anil had made a host- of friends, who greatly miss his cheery presence. For nine months lie had acted a.3 circuit' steward of" the Wesleyan Chinch ; he took a lively interest in . Freemasonry, the School of Arts, the Lawn Tennis Club, &c.; — in fact, Air. Murray was a good all-round townsman, than 'wliicii.it would not be easy to say anything more complimentary of any one! - Al k.s.srs- Farmer and -Company,- of Victoria House, Sydney, beg to state that their representa tive (Mr. H. J. Fletcher), will he in Glen" Innes on or about the 14th Jqly, at Tattersall's Hotel, with a choice . assortment of Suitings, and . also a few samples of Aleu's Alercery. Gentlemen requiring tailor-made garments would do well to inspect Air; Fletcher's sarpples, anil seize this opportunity sof reoordiiig their measurements with tfie'tii iq. Air, Fletcher luis also a l'iinge of Riding. Hahit-cloBiVi in pleusiug cqlqrs anil in excellent quality. — Advt. Football:— Our brawny leather-lioisters will have an outiug oir Saturday next whi'ii tliey meet the Inverell on the local- grqund. The gain's will start at 2 o'clock sharp. This is the first senior match of tfie season., and though oqr boys h.aye ji, eeii somen hqt lax iu attending practise, they will no -doubt give a good account of themselves The Gleu Lines teaqi will fie selected from the follow? ing:— Q- Stevcijsoii, J. Dawson, J. C." Mutton, A. Leece, J. Tierpey, C. Yincent, \V. Bain, -Si 'Harris! S, Trayers, F. D. Kite, C. Bodges, j. Cameron, c! :Kemp, D. Wirtfi, H. Glen, G. Innes, A. Myers, R. Clihborn, C. AI'Alorrow and H. Denshire. There "yill be a practice to.-mqrrqw afternoon. " 