A Clirletias Repentance. Br Sarah Bernhardt. The chateau of Ploerneuf was the terror of the Breton people. The country folk made the sign of the cross as they passed by and murmured, ' 4 There is the Accursed one's castle ! About the walls that surrounded the rounds was a brier bridge, which no one ared to cro&B.; The servants passed each other by like shadows, afraid to speak above a whisper. No one dared to address the master. Only the young Count Robert found favor in the eyes of the lord of the manor, the Old Duke de Kerberzoff, his uncle. At the time when this story begins Robert was seated at the old man's feet, ne was seated in the great ducal chair ; his face was livid, his eves gleaming and his countenance distorted ith fear. He was listening m- tently ; one would have Baid that he was the ghost of terror. - Beside him on a porphyry column burned a small golden lamp set with precious stones. Behind it stood a tall negro, who, as each minute pawed, let faU a angle drop of oil upon the flame. Close to the old mans withered hand lay an axe, and the negro would have atoned with his life for a single forgetfulness of his duty. The Duke was even paler than usual ; his Ion white hair was matted upon his temples, and from his tenor-stricken eyes trreat tears rolled down into his silver beard, ii dear Lord, is your suffering worse? asked Robert, gently. The Duke shuddered ; he was still listening Christmas night. "Moel! Noel !" peasants' voices. "Noel! Noel!" ram? out the chimes. Then the old Duke rose up Hke a speotre. LlSten, Bobert!" ho said. "Lis to! T»« old man had not spoken for twenty Hfasopuiehtal mice echoed through threat hall and, tbo ancient armor hanging ST wills crave forth a metallic sound. TbJ young Coiint was petrified with fright. "Twenty years ago I had a son ; he was . brave and generous. He loved a handsome wished to marry her, J ?Tled coSent--I could not coun- butlref useamy e flon pleadcd tenanoesucha inflexible ; my escut- ulX;etoneai Sobs choked the old Duke's utterance, bnthe continued — "The maiden was beautiful and virtuous. I offered her money ; she refused it. Then I had her carried off and imprisoned in the tower of the castle. Several months passed; my son was faithful to his word, I to my pride. I decided to 'kul the maiden, " So F sent word to her secretly to escape ict the first opportunity; "AP ' silken ladder was1 given to her, and she was carefully instructed as to its use and how to fasten it to the window. She prepared for flight. Then I arranged an infamons trap for her. Listen, Robert ! listen ! I had the stones of the win dow sill loosened, so that it would give way beneath her weight, carrying the unfortu nate girl with it as it fell, and she would be dashed to pieces upon the marble floor of the courtyard below. " It was Christmas ! That night I fell asleep in the fear of God. Then I was tran sported to an immensity of clouds. Innu merable arches followed each other in never ending succession. Beneath these arches small golden lamps were swinging gently to and fro, so numerous that it would have taken years to count them. Some burst suddenly into flame, others were as sud denly extinguished. Some burned with a fierce light, others flickered for a long time before they died out completely. " Each one of these lamps was guarded by an angel. All the new lamps were tended by fair white angels with f ices of un speakable beauty ; by others stood black angels, ugly and evil looking, and . these seemed to await with impatience the moment when the flame should be. finally ex tinguished. " ' What is all this ?' I asked my guide. " ' These lamps are the souls of men, he replied. The ones which start suddenly into flame are the souls of new born infants, and spotless angels guards them. How axe the souls of those who have reached the time of life whenthey can think for themselves, and the Spirit of Evil and the Spirit of Good dis pute their possession. Those lamps which are flickering and fading out are the souls of the dying. See !' he cried, pointing out several flames which were on ihe point of extinction, 'see ! at the supreme moment the soul almost always turns to the Spirit of Good!' " Then I asked him to show me my own lamp. " ' Come ! said the strange being who conducted me. " Leading me on. through innumerable arches, we went on and on for a long time. Then stopping suddenly, See !' he said. « Behold thy soul !' I was petrified with terror. One single drop of oil remained in my lamp, and over it hovered an angel with coal black wings, who blew upon the flame to make .it burn out more quickly. I was in mortal fear, and I was a coward | yes, I was a coward," said the Duke, trembling violently. "Listen, Robert, listen ! Beside my lamp burned another with a steady and brilliant flame ; a white -winged angel watched over the golden vessel. The Spirit of Evil came and whispered in my ear." The old Duke ceased. It seemed as if he heard the Spirit's voice at that moment. His eyes were bloodshot, his hair stood on end with fright, and his teeth chattered. He con tinued, in a hoarse voice : "The white- winged angel looked at me sadly, but the black kept whispering in my ear. I saw nothing ; I would see nothing. From the black angel's wing I plucked a feather, and dipping it into the brilliant lamp I took the oil out drop by drop, and let it fall into my own. My name became brilliant and red as blood; the other grew paler, but retained its starry brightness. Only one drop of oil remained ; the white angel stretched forth his wing to stop me, but another with wings gleaming like mother - of - pearl, and bearing a golden sword, came to us. Let the man do his will ! God will judge him I' he said. Then I took the last drop of oil . . "Then I was afraid. 'Whose lamp is this?' I asked, pointing to the flame which was just on the point of going out. And the voice replied, ' It is the soul of thy beloved son.' At that moment the flame went out. The white angel took the soul in its wings and flew away with a cry of grief, but the Spirit of Evil responded with a loud cry of triumph. " I awoke frozen stiff with horror. Two corpses were stretched out upon the floor of my room crushed almost out of human shape. My son, notified by his betrothed, had wished to protect her in her flight, and the dreadful trap which I had set for her bad killed them both. It was Christmas — twenty years ago!" The old man fell hack in his chair, the tears streaming down his face. ".Stop !" he said to the negro who was tending the precious lamp. ' Feed the flame no more ! I have made my confession, now I can die— but can God find pardon for me?" ... At that moment the castle bell rang loudly, mid the chants of the church were heard. The doors of the great hall swung open. Through them was seen the chapel of the old manor blazing with lights, and the Child Jesus on His bed of straw seemed resplendent with glory and pardon. The old Duke fell on his knees before the Infant God. " Man !" said the voice of the priest, "Christ was horn, suffered, died to redeem the sins of men. Thou hast sinned, thou hast suffered, thou hast repented — God pardons thee ! May thy soul depart in peace I" Then the old man looked at the golden lamp and saw above it an angel with snow- white wings, and he recognised him as the guardian of the brilliant lamp. The angel smiled on him sweetly, and taking up the flickering light, flew off toward heaven. "The DnVfi dn TTerbarzoff was dead.— " New York Herald." 