. / 0 H APTER UL ? And Nina waa happy-happier, looking back upon these, days, than she knew at , the time. Devereux showed' himself a forbearing lover, and even abstained from ? coming everyday to see his betrothed ; that reticence at once touched and pained her. The day following this abstention he called, but nob until the afternoon, and Nine, who was alone, said gently, when, after the first greeting, he had 1 taken his place by her side M thought you would have come yesterday, Edrio'-laying her hand on fiia. He flushed suddenly, then grew pale. ' That would not be keeping my word, dearest,' he answered quietly. * Oh ! Edrio,'-she bent her head a little, colouring too,-4 but I would like you to come.1 He locked her hand tightly in bis. 'You know,' he .Baid, in a sort uf suppressed way, ' that I want yon every hour-every minute ; but you must not sacrifice yourself for rae, Nina.' * It is not sacrifice,' aatd the girl, in a low tone ; and then Edrio drew her to bim and held her close, silent in his passionate gladness, with no. warning in ' his heart of the crash that was so near. When Devereux returned to his hotel that night; he noticed, in a careless way, that there* was a new arrival. A large leather portmanteau, of foreign make, stood In the hall. As he crossed to the staircase, he heard one of the waiters say t) a porter: * Take that portmanteau up to96, James, Mr. Essex's room.'' The name made Devereux start and pause ; it was an unusual one. A horrible thrill went through him ; yet, after all, there must be many people who had a claim to it. * And take up the directory, James,' i added the waiter. »Mr. Essex was asking for Mrs. (flavoring's address.' .Oh! I know that.'' replied James, shouldering the portmanteau. 'It is 99, ' Palmeira Square.' . ;. He passed on, up .the .Btairff, and vanished, Devereux stood still when he had paused, with a deathly chill creeping, through his veins, paralysing his heart. Stranger things had happened than this -that tho new comer should be Arnold Essex, the supposed dead returned to life -returned to claim thé woman he loved, who loved him. How Devereux could do what he did next, and with auoh perfect cnolneBS and self-possession, he was .'never able to -, understand ; but it ia often in times of supreme tension that men 'and women ' of strong character seem to possess a . dasi personality. Without any conscious effort of self command, Devereux turned and walked to the office, and asked, with just the amount of interest consistent with his statement 'I fancy the Mr. Essex, whose name I chanced to hear a moment ago.is someone 1 know. Can you tell me his Christian name-what he ia like ¥ He had seen in an album of Nina's -a photograph of Arnold Essex, with the full name under- neath-Arnold Manningham Essex-a fair, handsome face, but the face of a pleasure-loving nature. The clerk looked at his book, and replied- - 'The name is Arnold Manningham Essex, air. He's tal), sir ; not so tall as you by a good half-head, I Bhould say ; fair, five or aix-and-tffenty, maybe. He laid he waa just over from America, and his friends this sido thought he was dead.' . Thanks-I waa mistaken ; it is not the man I know.' Devereux said that in the same calm, half-carelesu way, and turning away, went np, with his usual light, quiok step, to his own room, never faltering : once ; bat the room gained, the door shut and locked, ho flung himself down, raoked and torn with agony, that seemed to . threaten his life. Nor was any torture '~ spared him through the terrible thoura of ' that night. The infinite anguish of his loss-the madness of jealously-the fierce temptation to hold to his right, if the claim were conceded. No man could. . love Nina with a deeper, more enduring passion. than.. his ; certainly,' no' such ,", strong currants ran in the nature of that fair-faced lover who had cornie back from the dead. 41 love her-I worship her,' tho man said, tn his heart, the blood turned to fire in his veina. 1 She gave herself to me ; she is mine before Heaven-before all the world.., I cannot -j yield r Ker up-by \- Heaven, I cannot ! I nm, a man, not angel ; I have no s ti eng th for such aacri fioe I' 1 Yet honor waa hot dumb ; its voice was . but drowned for a time hr the' din" of passion. lb spoke '.> clearly,; audibly, b-and-by; and iovej itaelf, with 'such a manas Edrio Devereux,; is. too pore; and needs too muoh, tb : accept 'unwilling service ; it must have the jewel as well as the casket ; hear h. and anulas well aB body ; faith in thought aa in deed. : Nina slept peacefully,, and woke, with the sun shining in her eyes, and a ' pleasurable anticipation of the day, for , devereux was to call at half-past 10 to take her and her aunt for'a short trip in ! the yacht, returning at nightffall. TUe girl generally breakfasted alone. . her au¿t nob appearing until half-past 9 ' at the earliest. This morong, just when Nina had finished breakfast, a servant brought her a letter, which had como by hand. The girl took the missive, recog- nising Dev'ereux's writing, and wondering what he could have to write about, since he would see her in little more than an hour; Devereux wrote . MY HEAR NIBA, ; ; You will presently, perhaps, understand why I am writing to tell you I 'shall not be able to call for you to-day, í Please forgive me for what may seem ¡like an , v abrupt change of ..plan. , Twill* Call upon* you to-,morrow_ about'three. If "the time " ' »nits you, don't'.trouble tó'write,-- . v . ; : . . .' '.' ;A ^Faithfullyyoursv \'ri ? 1 -, "' ' DEVEREUX!' ? TTWice Nina'read that letter through,' .,' first quickly, then.Blowly, dwelling! on. ^ every word : then laid it down, with , 'paling cheek and trembling hand. What did it mean? What had happened ? Why did Edric write so coldly ? Had Bhe done anything to offend him ?. Again Nina read the letter ; it seemed impossible that Edric could have written it; but, of course, s& third reading threw no light on the matter ; the missive was ao cold, so strange, giving no .reason for breaking the engagement, . scarcely offering an apology ; and how, Nina .. asked herself, should she' 'presently " understand 1 ' She did hot feel that she could wait till to-mbrrow for a solution of the,mystery ; and why to-mbrrow ? Why not to day Î She would write to Edric at once ; ask him to cóme to-day, if possible, . and explain matters. But, first, she went up to her aunt, and . merely told her that Devereux had .written to put off the trip; he could not come this morning, she explained ; and then she escaped from the room without .. giving Mrs. Clavering time to ask questions. , She entered her own study, and had , ' ' just commenced a letter to Devereux ; the .My dear Edric ' was written, when there v waa a tap.at the door, and a servant entered, a man who had only been in . ..Mrs. Covering's employ about six months* V 'Please, miss,'; he said, 'a gentleman ia asking tor yon.' ' At this time,' said Nina, surprised. ? What name, Andrews V. : , , * He, wouldn't give any,-, miss ; but he said you would know him at once when. ; you saw him. ..He has just come from f America-r-' ' 4 Prom America 1' Nina caught blindly at the chair near her; a mist swept over . , her eyes. ' Devereux'a letter T What is he-like V abe heard herself say. : , Tall, with fair hair ; very good looking, miss. A gentleman 1' said Andrews. , * Are you ill, Miss Clavering 1 ' * No, no 1 ' Nina gasped. ' Show him up here, Andrews, at once-at once ! '.« . The man went out quickly, , The next moment there waa a step without-a tall man entered the room, »rid Nina, with a smothered'cry, staggered forward and flung herself into Arnold's open arms. ?* * ????? * The girl was lying on a sofa when she opened her eyes; and looked up into Arnold Essex's fair face as he bent over her, pillowing : her v-head on; bis bosom. Mrs. Clavering waa also at ber side, chafing one of her little handa. It wa9 the iirat time in her life the girl had fainted ; and even now her brain was clouded. 4 It is you, Arnold ! ' she whispered. * It isn't a dream, is it ? ' 4No darling 1' he said, huskily; 41 have come bick to you.1 She clung to him, shivering and sobbing, in a kind of ecatacy. Was Edric Devereux wholly forgotten in thia marvellous joy, this flashing back of the old life, the old love buried, as it had'seemed, for ever, in a nameless grave ? 4Tell met' Nina whispered, at last, 1 How was it ? Tell toe all, Arnold.' 4 Wait till yon are better, dear,' urged Mrs. Olavering, soothingly. 4 No, no 1' the girl cried, almost wildly, 1 Now, now ! Oh 1 Arnold, Arnold !' He soothed her tenderly, and. when she waa a little calmer, he told her, briefly, how it waa that he had been given up for dead. 41 fell,' he said, 4 into a sort of crevice, halfway down the rocka, where no one dreamed of aeeking for rae. There, as I learned afterwards, I lay for two days, when a mountaineer found me, and csrried me to the house of a email farmer. They thought, at first, I was dead ; but it was concussion of the brain, and I lay for eight months, Nina, insensible. The doctor said the long coma saved my life. No one knew where to write to my friends, for there was nothing on me to show my identity. When I regained consciousness at last, it waa like the consciousness of a man ina delirium. I could not tell my kind hosts anything ; but, as soon aa I waa able, I wrote to prepare you. You do not seem to have, had the letter. I wrote to Mrs. Clavering.' ? :'" * We had no letter,' said Nina, breath- lessly.x / .' ,' . ¡: ? . . " * I sent one,'said Arnold, drawing bia brows together; 4but, in that wild district, it might have miscarried. No matter, darling. Here I am, safe and sou od aa ever. Do you still think me a ghost, my Nina ? ' 4 No, no! You have come back tome -you have come back !' she cried, still clinging tc him. Then she shrank away, remembering, her eyes grew wild and troubled.. She lifted herself. 41 am well now,' she said. ; She rose, quite sud- denly, to her feet,.-half-rejecting her lover's aid. Her glanoe went to the sheet of white paper lying on the davenport. 'Edric,'.she said, to harself, rather than, to either of those with her-4 Edric, whatmuft I do?' . Think of that, d?ar, by-and:by,' said Mrs, Olavering, hastily. Arnold fell back a step, and looked at the girl. Hts eyes caught the flash of the ring on her lef t hand. He lifted her hand iri hiq. * Nina,' he said, ' who is Edrie V ' * Edrio Devereux, she answered, slowly., ' I promised to be his wife.' ' But that cannot be, Nina,' said the young man, hoarsely. Tonare mine you were mine before be saw you !' He tried to draw her to him, but she broke away from his clasp. * Not yet,' she said. * I don't know what ia right. I must think. He ia good and noble, Arnold. Ah, no ! I love you, not him ; but-I understand-now. That is what he meant 1 What hotel did you go to last night night, Arnold ? ' She put the question abruptly, . ? 'The-hotel 1 Why do you ask V ' She pressed her hand to her forehead. ' He must have seen you, or heard of you,' she said in a whisper. . Oh, Edric, how you have suffered through me ! ' . Arnold threw ninuelf down beside her, and this time .she let him take her in his arms,''but only'for a minute ; she drew herself away- again, trembling. * Devereux can have no jost claim upon you,'-Essex said, passionately. ' Even if he had, he must, in honor, give you up.' Mt is USBIBBB to discuss the matter at present,'' interposed Mrs. Clavering, who, troth to say, was very much disgusted that Arnold's return was not, at least, delayed for another five or six weeks. ' Nina is thoroughly exhausted with all Bhe has !gone through.1 .She must come with me now ; and Andrews ¿hall show you your 'room, Arnold. You and Nina can meet again in à little while.' And Nina offered no resistance as Mrs. Clavering led her out of ? the room. Arnold, left alone, looked about him curiously, caught sight of a photograph on a side tableland took it up. "Is thia Edrio Devereux ¥ he said, and a black look ¿ame over his face. ' What a deucedly handsome' fellow ! Devereux 1 Is it Devereux, of Beech1 wood? Then he is a very rich man ! Mrs. Clavering will be against me ; she never did care for me ! But Nina loves me ! and no one could coerce her. My darling, Nina ! How could I bo .such a fool!-' Here he broke - off, either because Andrews just then' carno in to show the new arrival his room, or because he did not . care to pursue his irritating reflec- tions. (To be continued.) 