ALEPII,THE CHALDEAN OB, The faiali ns Seen from Alexandria. [By E. 3T. Burr, D.D., LL,I>.] VIII.—The Escort. In going to the Serapeum our friends had noticed near the gate of the khan the Cretan ■who. as agent for Malus, had dealt with the Phoenician dealer in dves. Thev ref.n^ni^ri hiin ie&dily;, though he turned hastily away as they approached him. The ealspmc of Mains! they both thought, and would perhaps have thought no moro o£ it had not Hud on going a little further whom should they see^ but Mains himself coming toward them. They could net be mistaken—the same obese figure, the same waddling gait, the same wooden face and gimlet eyes. He sboppsd almost immediately at p. fruiterer's stall" and seemed busy in selecting some fruit at they passed. After they had passed he turned and watched them. They did not turn to notice tho fact, but they knew it all the same—knew that Mains had tracked them to their quarter and made sure of a close connection between them. When Aleph came cut with Rachel to her sedan he very naturally looked about to see if he was .still under surveillance, but lie saw only the porters of the rich conveyance that waited for the daughter of Alexander. Nor did he ca tho way to Miriam's, as he walked by the side of the chair and occasionally ex changed a word with its inmate, observing anything but that courteous general observa tion which a very distinguished-looking man in honorable attendance on a great lady might be expected to draw. There was one interruption cn the way—a pleasant one. Rachel, through hsr curtains, happening to descry Sbaphan at a distance, stopped her hearers and begged Aleph to beckon the Jew to them. He promptly crossed the street. The lady gave him her hand and said that she had been hearing with great in terest the story of hi3 visit to Judea, but wished to hear it again at iirat hand. Could he nob go with them a short distance to where hec nurse lived and there gratify her? He could; in fact his brother, who had just returned from Judea, andhimselfwereovennow returning from the Egyptian khan near the iSerapeum, whither they hud gone for the purpose of seeing the young Chaldean (he bowed to Aleph) and his iiiend, and communicating some new infor mation abont the Messiah, Aleph expressed hi3 gratification at the I meeting and warmly seconded the lady's re quest. So Shaphan beckoned to his brother, [ and the two followed the chair to the house of ! Miriam. They found tho door guarded by a stoub servant of Alexander, and by bars still stouter. Ic appeared that Antis had'lately been there, demanded admittance, and on being refused had become violent, tried to break open the door, and finally had gone away threatening to return shortly with authority and force that could not be resisted. Aleph suggested that tho sedan be brought within the house. Should violence be used it might be well to add the porters to the resisting force. They found that Miriam had been so agitated by tho attempt of her husband that she was unfit for the further conversation that Aleph desired, lint with so many friends now about her she was in a restful state, and when Rachel proposed that, if it would not tire her too much, Shaphan and his brother should give' an account of their visit to .'Palestine and Jesus she declared that she could well endure it. Indeed it would strengthen her. To Lear of Jesus again would be as cool water to a thirsty soul. So Shaphan told again the story with which we are already- familiar—told it, however, with omission of the part relating to Mains, for Aleph had suggested that all the servants, ex eepting_ tho doorkeeper, should be present at the recital. "This vva3 a matter that con cerned everybody." "When Shaphan had finished his brother Nathan added substantially the following ac count— After tho departure of his brother he had remained a few day a longer with .Jesu3, listen ing to his teaching and seeing further examples of hi3 wonderful power. Two of these examples were specially impressive. One day as the night drew on Jesus, who had been teaching the people from a boat be longing to his disciples, wa3 overheard saying to them, "Let us go over to other side," whereupon they put out into the lake and headed for Gadara. Some of his hearers, of whom Nathan was one, hating to part com pany with him for even a short* time, imme diately sprang into another boat and followed. Soon tho night shut down—one of the blackest nights ever known. Jssus's boat could no longer bo seen. Suddenly the wind rose into a gale. It wrestled with the sea like a giant, and the sea rose in its wrath and wrestled back again with a mighty outcry. Eor a moment thc-y would lie breathless in each other'3 arms, and then reviving fling themselves madly at each other in mortal duel. It was an awful scene. It seemed as if all the demons were abroad. The waters which, when they embarked, were almost without dis cernible wrinkle wore now furrowed into mighty chasms by the plough of the storm king. Up went the little boat to heaven on the thundering billow; dewn it went into a hell of waters as thunderous. The watery monsters shook their white manes and lashed their black sides and leaped at and over their prey with open jaws. They laughed to scorn oar and rudder and seamanship. They shouted and howled and shrieked, and seemed to swear by the Eternal to the helpless crew, "We have you now; nothing can save you; to-morrow your corpses will be drifting silently about; no, nothing can save you, not even the mighty Christ." Such blaspheming, frantic, frightful madhouse of tho elements—"who ever saw the like? Not Nathan and his companions. It seemed to them a3 if hell had emptied itself 011 the sea of Galilee; and that all the fiends, astride of whirlwinds and crested billows, were fiercely battling together for the privilege of drowning every living thing. They struggled. They prayed. They were in despair. Drenched, rudderless, oarless, they clung to the 3ide3 of the fast- ffiliug boat in a paroxysm of horror and helplessness. In a few moments all would bo over. They commended their soula to God. What noise was that? Off at their right, hidden in the darkness, evidently wa3 another crew of affrighted and sinking men, crying out in their extremity. Can they be Jesu3 and his disciples? Are. they too in the very jaws of death? Cannot he who has dono such great things manage to savo his own, co save him« self ; or are these raging, howling elements a field to which his power does not extend? Such thoughts flashed through the mind of Nathan c-ven as he seemed on the point of being swallowed up. Hut just then he dis tinctly heard (for tlie boat3 had neared eat-h other) a distressful voice, which he recognissd as that of one of the disciple3, exclaiming, "Lord, save us: we perish." "Can he do it? If so, why has he not in terfered before ? Why permit such a horrible fright to his friends? No, he cannot do it. Jesus has at lr.3t found his master. There seems the exultation of conscious omnipotence and universal mastery in the leapings and thundering of this hurricane-tossed sea !" Such thoughts rushed upon Nathan as fiercely as the tempest itself—as if Satan him self wero riding the storm and dashing them into his face with the spray and foam. Still ho was all ear for what might follow that cry for help. Clinging to the side of the boat with both hands he kept his face sob toward where the other boat seemed to be and almost stilled his heart beat as he listened. It seemed as if his soul had gone to his ears and was leaning forth, as men sometimes do from a casement, to catch the faintest word that might come from the Master in answer to the despair ing cry of hi3 followers. And there came—a faint ripplo of speech, a shadow or ghost of articulate sound almost lost amid the deafening and majestic outcries of the storm? No. A. wailing prayer for help to One above tha clouds ? No. A quavering, hesitating voice as of one doubtful of himself and of the issue? No. The voice that came was so clear, so pens* traliug, ho dominant among the wild noises of the storm, so full of calm decision and unques tionable authority and sovereign force, chit one felt sure iu advance of what the result would be. "Peace—un stiix." No sooner had these words gone forth on the wrestling, roaring winds than they fell dead in full career. No sooner had these words gone forth on the wrestling, roaring billows that went charging against the sky with their crested battalions than they sank in their places as sinks tho ox when smitten on the forehead by the axe of some mighty man. And thara was a great calm. Hardly a ripple was left in sea cr air1. What a sudden silence. In an instant the demons of the storm had not only taken flight, but were already beyond hearing and Eight. And looking up, Nathan and his com panions saw that even the clouds had wholly fled and left tho stars looking down on them as peacefully as if nothing had happened or ever would happen again. And off a little way the srarlight was softly shimmering on a summer sea, on gently plashing oars, on a boat and boatmen, and in the stern on the emh rent form of him who had now shown himself King of nature aswell as King "of men. Nathan and his companions reached the shore very soon after Jesus. They had scarcely landed and joined him when, fromoneof thecave tombs that skirt the shore, there rushed toward them a figure that seemed scarcely human. He eairm as if driven by tho tempest that had just maddened the lake. He was himself a tempest of the most frightful kind—as appeared when he drew near. He was quite naked. His face and body were covered with scars and filth and fresh bleed. In his hands he carried sharp stones, with which he beat and cut himself as he shrieked and ran. Hi3 long hair streamed in tho wind and seemed like a cluster of flying serpents biting at his braui. And when he came near—ah, what an expres sion in those fiery eyes and tormented fea tures ! It was as if hell itself, with all its fiendish and misery, had been condensed into that awful face. Nathan had seen nob a few demoniacs before, but never such a specimen as this. The very recollection made him shudder^ The possibility of such suffering and such wickedness as were pictured in that face had never before entered his mind. ' The man came directly towards Jesus with frantic, leaps and cries as if to destroy him—a3 ho seemed well able to do, such were the wonderful activity and strength that h9 dis played. But Jesus, standing a little in advance of, his diseiples, calmly awaited the coming. His , face ,was another wonder to see. It was sublime—it was divine. Such unutterable calm, such boundless pity, such inexhaustible resources of force andauthoritv and sovereignty spoke in every feature that Nathan could nob but say, "Lo, God is iieke." The monster sank on his hnees under the spell of that divine gaze, uttering a fearful cry as of many voices crushed into one. "What is thy name?" said Jesus. And through the parted but nnmaving lip3 of the madman, and as if from deep within, came a mystery of speech that said— "My name is Legion, for we are many. What have we to do with Thee, Thou Son of God Most High? Art Thou come hither to torment us before the time? If Thou casb us out suffer us to go into yonder herd of swine." Jesus said, "Go!" Promptly at the word the crowd of evil spirits that had captured that body, bound its inhabitant, and seized the reins of power, fled headlong. Nathan knew it from the mighty change that at once flashed over the demoniac. The monster became a man. The face ju3t now terrible with the lightnings of hellish passions, more terrible tba-n the storm on the Sea of Galilee or any other sea, suddenly became a new face—transformed almost beyond recogni tion into repose, sanity, sweetness, joy. Nathan wa3 astonished at the transfigura tion. He could nob help crying out-, '• Glory to God!" and his heart cried louder than hi3 lips. He had seen dispossessions before; and they were delighted thing3 to see. But h9 had never before seen a man delivered from an entire synagogue of devils, from the Nemesis of a whole army of evil spirits. That was a deliverance past speech. That was an exodus to bring out the sun iu the face of a man. The man was saved, but tlm swine were lost, for the whole herd of about two thousand, just now stolidly feeding along tho steep bank, pricked up their ears, stood snuffing the air, and then as if possessed by as many whirlwinds rushed headlong down the steep into the Jake and perished. The diseiples understood the judgment as well as tho mercy. Those swine, kept contrary to the law and serving as a stand ing defiance of the law through all that region, were felt to have been justly confiscated. Bub the owners were naturally sore at the loss of their property, and others were afraid of like losses; and so they persuaded the people of the district to go in a body to Jesus and beg him to leave. The people did it—though they saw the man who had been the terror of the whole country-side sitting at the feet of Jesus, clothed and in his right mind. Strange infatuation ! The people themselves were possessed. The evil spirits that had forsaken the man and fox'* sakc-n the swine had entered into than—as a legion of fools. Jesus did nob refuse their suicidal request. So tho two boats imme diately returned to Capernaum. (To be continued.) 