Williams as a Bank Robber. - Nets £5000. Tho Me'bourne Evening Standard gives a story regarding tho murderer Williams, whioh it 8tntos has boon relatod to a repre sentative by a dotcotivo ongaged in tho ease. Tho incidont goos bauk 15 years, and the scones aro all laid in South Afrioa, at a bliuu wuuu vuu uiauiuuu IUVUI WIIB uigiuift and tho Russo-TurkiBh War was ncaring its oioso. In Capo Colony, in 1877, throe boxes containing 5000 sovoroigns wero ono day mysteriously abstraoted from a mail cart .travelling botweon Kingwillinuistown and Grahamstown. Tho gold belonged to the Standard (lank, nnd was taken ovor to tlio hotol in Kingwilliaiiistown, whonco the mail dart started, and hero placod iu tlio vehiolo by Mr. Pointing, manager of tlio hostelry, in the presouuu of the bauk ollloials. Ouo of thorn inouutcd the box with tho driver, and all wont woll until a certain half-way turn piko was reached, whon the bills , of lading had to bo sarutihis'ed, and the eontenta of tho vehicle oiaminod, Then it was found that , tho gold was not on board. It had disappeared in some unaccountable manner, bat how or where it had ' gone to remained a mystery for;some time after: It was notioed that at about this, time a seafaring engineer named " Bully " Wil liams was knocking about King nillinmatown, and in suoh a way as to oxeite suspioion in the minds of tho police, for he : had no ostensible moanB of support, though ho represented himself as boing oonneotea with a big engineering firm in England. Ho lived at the hotel wbere Pointing was manager, the owner of tho place being at the -time in tho old country, having loft Pointing to look aftor his interests daring his abBenae. Pointing and Williams were fast friends and the fact that Pointing evidontly know some thing ot how tho money had . disappeared brought suspicion on both men aiiko. There was no direot evidence upon which oithor could be arrested, and so it was deoided to keep them .both under, close aurvoillance. Williams began to find this sort cf thing rather disagreeablo and determined to put some distance between 'himself and the Cape Colony polioe authorities as soon as possible. But his timo for departuro had not yet arrived. Ho resolved to pnt up with the risk a littlo longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of sharing in the spoil. The police ah last determined to aot boldly against Pointing, fearing that he would sooner, or later give them the slip. So they pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused .him of the lobbery ; and he, taken back with tho sud denness of tl-o charge, tacitly admitted he was a party to tho deed. The bank, more anxious for the mo'noy.than the vindication of the law, gave the thief to understand that if ho would only lead thorn to the place where tho coin was " planted " they would not prose- onte him. Ho reluctantly consented. The money, he told them, had been planted in a sandhill near tho town. There were several such hills, but he could not tell them exactly which ono. Two policeman, n bank oflloial, and Pointing set out for the concealed . treasure. Poiuting led them up ono hill and down another till darkness came on, and they wero all tired, and the 5000 sovereigns wero as far away as ever. For several days aftor tho search was ranawed, but with no bottor result. Pointing had changed his mind. Williams had found an opportunity of persuading him that it would bn much bettor to risk a term of imprisonment, and havo tho money whon ho came out, than give up tho money, and perhapB havo to go to gaol after all. Tho hotel managor was at last placed on his trial. The evidence . biought against him was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and he left tho court to servo a sontonoe of three yoars' imprison ment. The position grew altogether too unoomfortnblo for Williams now. The eyes of the police wore on him overywhero. It was known that he bad played an important part in the robbery, and he knew ho was suspected. Whilo Pointing was on his trial Williams assured him ho would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration, that he would wait till he nnmn mil-, n /nin nnrl fVinf. f.liftn f.tiao Artllld liffe tho "x>lant," leave the oountry, and Bail for Australia with tho £5000. At any rate Pointing assorted on bis liberation that such an understanding did exist botweon them, and how Williams on bis part fulfilled it re mains to be seen, Ono morning after tho hotel manager had began to serve his sen tence a mysterious disappoarauco was re ported. Williams had not beon seen for somo days, and no ono could say whero.be had gone, or how he h'nd taken his depar turo. - He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could bo found. Nothing more was board of him till about nine months later, whon a queer-look ing little man, evidently disguised, got off tho coach at Kingwilliamstown. No one know who tho viBitor was, and as so many pcoplo were coming and going to tho diamond fields he -did not excite mora than ordinary uotice. The little man was none other than " Bully " Williams who had returned for tho " Bwag " when tho aoast waB clear. He found it where, it was planted in the sand, and, laden with sovereigns ho made hiB way baok as quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of East London it was notified he was very flash of oasli.-, Ho gave a great sprco ot ono of tho hotols, got nil his old acquaintances round him, and after a real merry time of it sailed for Lon don. Tho gentleman who has supplied us with this information was at that time a prominent resident of East London, and hie bona fides are undoubted. Ho knew Williams well and all about bim, and has no doubt that the man who oommitted tho Windsor murdor and the accomplice of Poiuting in tho South African gold robbery aro ono and the same person. . Williams was for some years nn engineer on ono of. the Union Company's Cape mail beats. When at East London ho had - to leave . the vessel, it was supposed, through a row with the men, who oould not' stand his arrogant disposition. Ho was known among seafaring men as " Bully " WilliainB, because of tho constant swagger he assumed nnd his notoriously aggressive mammr. When Pointing got out of gaol he went Daok to Kingwilliamstown, to get the money he and Williams had planted, but found to his sorrow that Williams, who had promised to wait fcr him, had been there before him. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail cart, put in dummy boxes in- stoad, the bank officials who were standing by being deceived by tho counterfeit pnroels. Williams' favorite topio of conversation on board the Kaiser Wilbelm was "My travels in South Africa," whore he alleged ho had made a fortune, and "spent it like a man, sir." 