ISABE'SpfMS BY HORACE LASHBROKE. Author of ' Av Unjust Stkward,' 41 Foksakes,' ' Washed Asiioiie,' etc. CHAPTER Y.— Continued. ' Youit poor uncli: stud his father were thick friends ; another weakness of your uncle's that — his attachment, to those socially his inferiors. Well, DUttins nil that aside, young Power whs fool enough to fall in low with Isabel, mid, wii.it w,is still more foolish und presumptuous, he had the audacity to propose to her. I regret to say she had so far forgotten herself as to lend a willing ear to his suit. It was, however, I am pretty confident, only a temporary infatuation with her. Of course I nipped the whole thing in the bud, before the full blossom. I pointed out how utterly impossible it was for anything to come of such an absurd attachment, and all communi cation between the foolish pair was at once put an end to. Now, if Edgar Deane knew this, he is just the kind of mail to at once abandon all idea of making Isabel his wife. He would not be satisfied with any girl's second love. Probably he would imagine Isabel still cared for young Power, and was merely tolerating him.' 4 1 see what you mean,' replied Arthur Trevor, with an expression of pain on his honest face. ' Do you think it quite honourable, f ither, that Edgar Deane should be kept in ignor ance of Isabel's former attachment ?' Mr. Trevor turned pale, with anger. 4 Do you suppose, sir.' he exclaimed wrathfully, ' that I should suggest keeping Mr. Deane in ignorance if I did not think it an honourable course to pursue 5 Would it be honourable to ruin vour cousin's future prospects find happiness by unearthing a foolish infatuation which has ceised to exist 1 Anyone who would be capable of such an act of wanton mischief and cruelty woulji' deserve horse-whipping ! Upon my.honour, Arthur, I gave you credit fir better sense. Your sentimeutsility is positively dangerous !' 4 We see things in a different light,' replied Ar: liur Trevor. 4 1 have, how ever, pr-vmsed you I will not mention what yuu have t--id me to Ed.'u Deane, and you :.iay rely upon .iy keeping my worJ. Probably Isabel will herself tell him of her former attachment.' 4 1 am quite sure she will not be so foolish V cried Mr. Trevor. 4 1 took good care, on the day of your arrival, to make both Isabel and Ida promise never to breathe a syllable of what had pnssed between Isabel and this presumptuous farmer's son.' ' I thought you were so fond of him at one time. You wrote to me, you know, father, in loud praise of him and his kindness towards you when you first came her*.' 4 And what if I did, sir ? One may appreciate the services of one's butler, but it does not follow that he sheuld be encouraged to make love to one's daughter. Young Power presumed upon my appreciation of his kindness and I had to relegate him to his proper position. Your indiscrimina tion amazes and annoys me. For heaven's sake, exercise a little common sense !' Before Arthui Trevor hod Mine to reply a servant tapped at the door. 4 Come. i»,' cried Air. Trevor, in a voice of thunder. ' If you please, sir,' said the servant, addressing Arthur, 4 the horses are at the. door, and Mr. Deaue is waiting for yon.' Then father and son parted without exchanging another word. CHAPTER VI. IN LUE FARM LAND. It is oftentimes a sad thing to be dis illusionised. When the scales have fallen from our eyes, and that which we regarded sis beautiful appears in its true hideousness, we are prepared to endorse the poet's dictum : — ' Since sorrow tiarer conies too late, And happiness ton swiftlv fliea, . . . wheru ignorance is bliss, Tis f jlly to be wise.* It was so with poor Arthur Trevor when he left his father after the con versation recorded in the previous chapter. The scales had fallen from his eyes, and the parent whom he had hitherto regarded as a p.- ragon of honour was no longer a model of true manliness in his sight. The discovery cut him to the quick, and he felt how gladly he would have lived on in ignorance of his father's true character. In vain did he endeavour to throw off the melancholy that had taken pos session of him as he rode through the pleysant and picturesque country with his friend Edgar Deane. Edgar Deane noted at once that his com panion's mind was beset with trouble. 4 Has your father been throwing cold water upon your aspirations ?' lie asked. i ?Yes.' 4 Takes my view of the position, I suppose ? Thinks you ought to wait until you are in a better position be- j fore taking unto yourself a wife ?' j 4 That is liis argument; he almost quoted you word for worJ, and also reminded me how different it would be if I were in your position. He would throw Ida into my arms if I had only your balance at the bank.' 4 He is a wise guardian to look to the future peeuniary welfare of his nieces,' replied Edgar Deane with a smile. ' 1 take it, too, as a great compliment on your good father's part to regard me as a suitable match.' 4 He would think anyone with money suitable,' said Arthur Trevor, bitterly. 4 Don't be uncharitable, my dear Arthur, and don't take the wind out of my sails in that unceremonious manner. I really imagined, now, you would have been rather pleased than otherwise had I made up my mind to become connected with you by mar riage ; but when I hear you speaking after this fashion I must conclude I have been making a mistake.' 4 Of course, Edgar, I should be de lighted were you to marry anybody related to me,' cried Arthur Trevor, throwing off for the moment, in liis enthusiasm, the melancholy that beset bin. 4 Even were it Ida !' ' Well, not Ida ; I couldn't quite rejoice at that !' 4 But Isabel ? You wouldn't object to my running off with Isabel ?' 4 1 should be delighted. But you do not seriously contemplate proposing to her.' 4 1 ilo, my friend, seriously.' 4 1 never even suspected you were in love with her.' 4 I know you did not ; nor is she yet certain that I am in love with her.' 4 She is in love with you T 4 I cannot say that she is : but I hope so.' 4 Edgar, my dear old boy, wouldn't it have been glorious if we could have got married together. But of course that cannot be. with my father's abominable opposition. O!1, money, money, what won't money do ?' ' Who is this bread-shouldered, well built fellow?' asked Edgar Deane, who at this moment spied Jack Power coming striding down the lane through which they were passing. 'Young Power, of Lee Farm, I'll bet any money,' replied Arthur Trevor. 4 1 haven't seen him for nearlv five years, but I should know his 'figure and his walk amongst a thousand. I don't suppose he will remember incs.' ' Nor apparently did Jack Power recognise him, for he would have I passed by without a syllable, had not Arthur Trevor spoken. 4 How do you do, Mr. Power?' he exclaimed. Jack Power looked very hard at I him, and answered, 4 Good morning, iieally, I have no remembrance of our having met before.1 And tiwn Arthur Trevor explained ) how, when stuyi:ig with his late, uncle for a few days nearly live years be fore, they had met. 4 Of course ! now I remnmber,' said Jack Power. * But you are wonder fully altered. You have grown quite out of remembrance.' 4 Not so with you ; I should have known you anywhere. But I am for getting ; let me introduce you to my friend Air. Deane.' Tim young men saluted, and con tinued to converse for a considerable time. 4 1 hope we may see much of each other duriug my suy with my father,' said Arthur Trevor, who felt quite a warm regard for Jack Power, of Lee Farm ; there was something so ex tremely manly and taking about the stalwart young farmer. 'I shall always be pleased to see you when you care to come over to Lee Farm,' he answered. 4 Bring Mr. Deane with you whenever you please.' Arthur Trevor longod to invite Jack Power to his father's house, but re membering what Mr. Trevor had said he knew it was impossible. 4 A nice fellow, isn't he ?' said Trevor to his companion, when Jack Power had left them. 'Charming, apparently. I don't think I ever saw a more honest face. He must have thought it a little odd that you did not return the compli ment he paid you by inviting us :o his house.' ' 1 wished to invite him, and I could not help feeling what a cad he must think me for not doing so ; bui under the circumstances it was im passible for me to do so.' 4 Indeed !' 4 The fact of the matter is, Edgar, there has been some kind of a breach between him and my father. Unhap pily the latter has such stuck-up social notions, and thinks scarcely any one fit to associate with him and his relatives. No doubt were Jack Power a rural magnate instead of a simple gentleman farmer, he would be de lighted to entertain him.' 4 Is not the fact of his being a gen tleman sufficient to satisfy your father's very conservative scruples ?' ' I don't think my father would al low that he is a gent'.emau. When once he takes a prejudice against a person, the dad is disposed to pull his victim to pieces in every shape and form. It is a sad weakness, I admit ; but I suppose it cannot be helped. Lr-t us change the subject, my dear Edgar; it sickens me to talk about it. Why, here come the girls !' They had just turned their horses into the main road, and sure enough Isabel and Ida were close upon them. ' Quite an unexpected pleasure !' exclaimed Edgar Deane, addressing Isabel. ' The afternoon being so beautiful, ray sister and I have been taking a longer walk than usual. I suppose you are going for a gallop on the com mon ?' 1 We shall not get that far now ; I prefer taking it quietly and jogging along in your society, if you do not mind. I suppose you were thinking of turning homewards?' c We were thinking of taking the short 'Ut home through Lee Farm Lane and Lover's Lane.' ?Thut will suit me admirably. I suppose your sister and Arthur will agree r ' We are agreeable to anythin',' ex claimed Arthur Trevor. 'Ida and I will lead the Way.' The arrangement was just what Edgar Define desired. He was quite sure Arthur wanted to have an unin terrupted chat with Ida, and he was equally sure he wanted to have a strictly private and confidential con versation with Isabel. He permitted Arthur and his cousin to obtain a good start, for be sure he had no wish to hear or be overheard ; and when he had turned into Lee Farm Lane he dismounted from his horse and walked by the side of his fair companion. 'Do you like the quiet country life you lead here ?' he asked. ' As well as I should like any other,' was Isabel's answer. The tone in which she spoke conveyed the idea of the speaker's indifference as to where she should pass the remainder of her days — an indifference very painful to recognise in anyone stand ing on the threshold of life. 'You art; not ambitious, then, Miss Trevor ?' 'No.' 4 Only to do good in a quiet, unos tentatious way wherever you may be f ' I fear I am incapable of doing good,' she answered, sadly. * You have the reputation of being quire a ministering angel in the neigh bourhood.' ' That only shows how people ex aggerate,' she answered. ' You take great- interest in the poor, Miss Trevor, do you not?' 4 1 sympathise with them in a half hearted kind of way ; but it is little I do for them. As I grow older my heart grows harder.' ' It is sad to hear one so young speak so sadly. One would almost think you had some great sorrow on your mind.' 4 Half the sorrows people complain of in this life are imaginary,' she ans wered, averting imv head as she spoke. ' I suppose I ought to be one of the happiest beings in existence, consider ing my surroundings.' 1 But you are not !' 4 What makes you think so ?' 'Your conversation.' 4 1 am naturally of a discontented disposition.' ' I can hardly credit that, Miss Trevor ; of course it is mere specula tion on my part, but perhaps there is only one thing wanting in your life which causes these occasional visions of discontent.' 4 And what may that be ?' ' You will not be offended if I make a guess ?' « Offended ? Why should I be? Certainly not !' ' You may possibly never have met anyone who could fill that place in your heart for which there is a vacancy. Do you quite understand me? In every human heart there is a place re served for a lover. Perhaps the righ- being has not yet crossed your path who will find that vacancy, and you are unconsciously weary of waiting for him.' ' What a strange idea.' ' But true, possibly? 4 It might be so.' ' Might be so, dear Miss Trevor ! Is it not so ?' ' I cannot say that.' Had Edgar Deane only rightly in terpreted her answer, it would have crushed rather than encouraged his hopes. How true it was she could not deny that the right being to till the vacancy in her heart had crossed her path. But he understood her to mean the reverse. He understood her to im ply that the lover of whom he spoke had yet to take possession of her af fection. ' Miss Trevor, Isabel — may I not call you Isabel?— am I presumptuous in daring to hope, that he who is to fill the vacant seat in your heart has crossed your path, although as yet you are unconscious of the fact? Is it too much to presume that I ntn the ' man whom you will love, even as I love you ?' She received his words, uttered with intense earnestness, with obvious emotion. 4 1 was not prepared for this, Mr. Deane ; I had no idea that — that ? ' 4 That I lov«; you ?' he exclaimed, finishing the sentence for her. ' Well, you know it now ; and it has not made you angry to find it out ?' She hung her fair head in silence. ? Silence gives consent, they say, he thought within himself, and so he ven tured to continue with increased hope and courage. ' Isabel, my darling, if you could re ciprocate my. love, how blessed, how happy I should be, and how equally blessed and happy I believe I could render your future life. All these clouds of discontent, and doubts as to your usefulness, would vanish like the morning mist, in the early sunshine. Isabel, dearest, I would strive so hard to make you happy. Providence has blest me with riches (not that I think you would count them as anything), and I could do so much towards help ing you to perform kindly deeds, which I know has ever been your first con sideration and your greatest joy. Oh, there are so many things I could do to please you ; and above all I could give you a true and abiding love, which would never wither beneath the touch of time. Isabel, will you try to love me?' They were now at the top of Lee Farm Lime and within a few yards from Lse Farm itself. As Edgar Deane ceased speaking he brought his horse to a standstill, and with his dis engaged hand took Isabel's in his. A deep blush suffused her sweet face, and for the moment she shrank from his touch. The old love prompted the action ; she thought of that other dijar hand which had held her so tenderly and often in the sacred past — Jack Power's hand ! They stood within sight of the windows of Lee Farm even now. What if Jack Power were look ing at them ? For an instant the pos sibility that it whs so made her feel sick and faint. Heavens ! what would he think of her?' 4 Have I made a terrible mistake?' asked Edgar Deane, in a voice tremu lous with emotion as he saw her recoil from his touch. ' No — no,' she exclaimed, in a half whisper, and holding out both hands to him 5 ' I am not angry ; I — I was * s-o — so — so surprised, that was all.' Heavens, had he but divined the reason of this sudden change ! Following immediately in the track of the. first emotion which Edgar Dearie's action had aroused within her bosom had been the sense of defiance ! What if Jack Power should see them t Would it not serve him right if it awakened a pang of jealousy in his heart to behold her almost in the arms of another ? Had he not resigned her the moment opposition had piese.nted itself, almost without a murmur, certainly without an effort to retain, her ? He never could have loved her as she had loved him ! For weeks past (his thought had taken possession of her mind, and in her despair she had, perhaps with the hope of reaping some kind of solace therefrom, en couraged it. In this supreme moment it took sudden and entire possession of her. He, should se,e she was as in different to him as he had proved to her. What recked it now into whose keeping she delivered up her future? As she held out her hands to him, Edgar Deane's face flushed up wir.h unfeigned delight, and drawing her to him he kissed her again and again. In so doing he let go of his horse's bridle, and the animal, being of a docile nature, instead of trotting off gaiiy, walked slowly on, plucking the grass as he went. But Edgar Deane heeded not whither his gallant steed went. He held the woman he loved in his arms, and was conscious only of the words he breathed in her willing ears, and the joy of her presence. All or even part of what he said to her ib is needless to record. Eaough that he proposed to her; enough that she accepted him. There comes an end to the most entrancing moments of our lives ? alas, how soon the dream is o\er! — and so at last Edgar Deane awoke and bethought him of his horse. To his surprise, and also a little to his con fusion, he saw Jack Power leading the animal towards him ; indeed, he was within a few yards of the lovers already. 'Confound it!' exclaimed Edgar Deane, in a half whisper ; 'here's young Power with the nag ! He must have seen us !' 'Your horse, I believe, Mr. Deane f said Jack Power, without the smallest sign of emotion visible in his honest face. ' It is awfully good of yon, I am sure, replied Edgar Deane, colouring like a bashful schoolgirl, and feeling terribly small, as most men do when they are caught in the act of making a tender declaration. ' I huppose you concluded the. rider had been thrown?' he added. 1 Oh, no ; I kne.w nothing of that kind had happened.' Jack Power's reply aggravated the discomfiture of his hearers. Ho ho wed ' coldly to Isabel, a&d; wishing Edgar Deane good afternoon, made liis way back to the farm. ' Bother the fellow !' «xclaimed Edgar Deane ; ' I wish he had been a thousand miles away. Why, you look as pale and seared, my poor darling, as if you had seen a ghost. Take my arm, dearest.' ' No, no — not now.' 'Why not?' ' Wait until we are out of sight of the farm.' ' What nonsense. He has evidently seen enough already to be convinced of the position of affairs. And what if he had not ? Are you not niy own darling? And why need we be ashamed, seeing we are lovers ?' He drew her arm through his own as he spoke, and in that position they passed under the windows of Lee Farm. (To be continued.) 