LOCAL AND GENERAL. . A contested election for the two vacan cies on the Devonport Town Board seems to be inevitable. Mr A. J. Stokes and Mr Home appear to be the two condidateB most favoured. Another gentleman also as pires to represent a portion of E. Devonport- and if he persists in his being nominated the electors will bb put to considerable ex pense for the purpose of convincing that gentleman that they do not require his services. An exchange says, in reference to a site for the southern railway workshops at Hobart that several letters having ap peared in the Press lately, commenting adversely upon Claremont as the site for the proposed railway workshops owing to a want of a permanent water supply, the manager of railways has written to the Minister of Lands defending the officers of his department from . the charges levelled against them. Mr'Back adds that he had lately visited the locality in company with an engineer with great experience in waterworks, etc., from another colony, and they found that the flow of water had been but little affected by the recent dry weather. By actual measurement the flow in the creek was equal to 15,000 or 16,000 gallons per day, which could be easily increased by constructing a small dam for storage. To this Mr Pillinger has replied as follows Having made per sonal inspection on the 8th inst; of the water supply at Claremont, I am quite satisfied as to the reliability of the reports furnished me by the Rail tfay Department." A recently issued Government return showing a list of the principal articles and values imported from various countries during the years 1890 and 1891, gives the total imports for 1891 as -£2,051,964-, of which .£655.006 came from the United Kingdom and £1,352,991 from the Austra- a sian Colonies, whilst only £43,967 came from other countries. - The total imports for 1891 showed an increase of £154,452 over the imports of 1890. A similar return' of the exported articles shorts the total of exports from Tasmania during the year 1891 as £1,440,818, thus showingfa decrease of £40,074 on the figures for the year 1890 The most marked falling off in the valu0 of exports is in those toNew Zealand whore £72,187 value of exports in 1'890 declined to £29,170 in 1891. Press telegrams from .Victoria appear ing in yesterday's dailies noted the death at St Kilda of Dr M. Room, aged 30, who was found dead in his bed on Thursday morning. As he had been complaining of a pain in the side on' "the previous night, and a bottle of morphia and ati injector- were found at the bedside, it is presumed that he died from au overdose of the drug inadvertently administered. Dr Room recently made a somewhat lengthy stay at Latrobe, residing at the house of P. C. Maxwell, Esq., P.M., and acting as lonum. teneiis for Dr Smyth whilst the latter gen tleman was absent at Zeehan ; and very general regret is felt here at .his sadden demise. . Debit at the Latrobe Court of General Sessions, before P. C. Maxwell, Esq., P.M. H. Murray, Esq., and- J. Rockliff, Esq . J.'sP., the case C. T. Brewer v. C. Martin, in which the plaintiff claimed £27 16s 6d money lent and interest thereon, was ad journed till Monday, the 14th inst. In the judgment summons M. Thompson v. T Shaw, for £1 3s, defendant wa3 ordered to pay 10s, and the balance in one month. Another judgment summons, E. Evans v_ W. H. -Kendal (or Randal), for £3 19s 2d_ was adjourned till next sitting of the court. Nine other cases were withdrawn and two judgments entered up. A driver's licence and stage coach licence were granted to R. A. Dargaville, of LatroLe- The court then adjourned, It is announced that Pastor Chamberlain will preach both morning and evening i 1 the Latrobe Taeernacle to-morroiv. At the evening service, the first baptism in the new building will take place, when seve ral helievers will be immersed according to the teaching and practice of Christ and His apostles. T!i1b usual monthly meeting of the Shef field Town Board and B >ard of Health was ' held at the office, Main Street, Sheffield, 011 Monday evening. Present: Messrs. J.', Aeklin, (chairman), J. Haruian, A. Hope, J, T. Wilson, and G. Padraan (secretary.) , The minntes of the previous meeting were r -ad and confirmed. A member drew at tention to the condition of the ditches on the side of Main Street near the Church of England, where at present-, he stated, there was no proper outlet for the surface waters. The meeting decided to have the ditches cleaned out and deepened. It was' further resolved to have all the loose stones raked off the road in the vicinity of the watchhouse, and several othor repAr 1 be attended to. As the Sheffield Main Road Board, they could transact no busi- ness owing to iocs or luncis at- tneir ais- posal. The secretary was instructed to write to the Sanitary Inspector in refer ence to the condition of some of the w.c. and back premises in the town, directing him to inspect them and report to the Board, so that if necessary, action might be taken against all' persons neglecting to take proper ' precautions for the' general health. The meeting then adjourned. ' Several cases of banking frauds were dealt with at Sydney on Tuesday last. Ernest Walter Bell appeared at the Water Police Court on a charge of cutting and mutilating the cash book of the British Australian Land and Banking Company, now in liquidation, with intent to defraud. The hank was in trouble towards the end 01 lass year, since wnen Jtseu nan. been . missing. He waa'remanded until Monday bail being refused. — J. S. Richardson- lately trading as the . Sydney Deposit- Bank, now in liquidation, was further re" manded on a -charge of issuing a false abstract of the accounts of the bank with intent to defraud. The audit of the bank's books has not yet been completed. The former heavy bail was extended. — Herbert Salway, a well-known city solicitor, was committed for trial on a charge of obtain ing £2500 from Jas. Balfour, manager of the National Bank of Australasia, by false . pretences and with intent to defraud. The- evidence showed that Salway had obtained an overdraft from the National Bank oh certain estates which "were already fully and heavily mortgaged to the Commercial Banking Company. The defence was that Salway was fully secured, as he had drawn only £11,000 against his advance from the Commercial Bank of £25,800, leaving over £14,000 to the good. Sail, himself in £1000 and two sureties of £500 each, was accepted. A special sitting of the Ballarat Licens ing Court was opened on Tuesday, Judge Chomley presiding, to deal with the hotels to be closed undor the local option law in the city. At the recent poll the rate payers determined in favor of the number of public houses being reduced from 116 to 90\. Inspector Hamilton and -Sergeant Murphy to-day recommended that the fol lowing houses should be closed : — Sturt, Bridge and Grenville streets, Fawn, Prince of Wales, City Hall, Australian Arms, Hampton Court," Waverley, Clark's; Hair- street, Royal Don ; Armstrong and Grant streets, Windsor Arms, Sir John Franklin. Skipton-street, American Half "Way House . Creswick- road, Brewers' Arms and Borough' Boundary; Howard-street, Black Ballj Eyre-street, Ship Inn ; "Weudouree-parade, Wheat Sheaf. The above fiat- does not in clude- the full number to be closed, as no fewer than 18 hotels are -bracketed, for de, cision, 'as follows Globe, Phoanix. Park Western, Northumberland, New Scottish, Fonndry, Carriers' Arms, Miners' Support, "Western Ocean, Washington, Consols Globe, Cornish Arms, North Briton, Soho, Victoria, Bunch of Grapes and Warrior. The acceptances, for the Latrobe Tdrf Club Races' to be held at Sherwood on Thursday next, are published in another column, .'and judging from these there should be an excellent day's sport eompar- ' ing very favorably with previous years.. Thepony races are an: innovation, and,, from the very great interest evinced latter lr in thes events, and the way., in which the entries filled, they will be one of the most interesting features. The District Race, too, promises to be -ery popular with local sportsmen, and, as being speci" ally backed by those living in and around Latrobe, it should prove 0." great help to the gate proceeds. With fine weather we may predict a very successful day for the L.T.C. Mr Hinton is working hard in the final ar rangements and deserves a good day. The weather, which up to Thursday was oppressively close and disagreeable, changed during Thursday night, and yesterday cold winds and clouds .of dust were a change in the programme that was not appreciated. There is, however, every evidence of a change within the nest few days, and no donbt a steady downpour of rain would be pretty generally appreciated to start the feed, which is drying up with alarming rapidity. " Householders, too, would welcome rain to fill their tanks. The following are some figures In con nection with the. accounts of the Mersey Marine Board for the year ending 31st Dec. last. Receipts : "Wharfage £469 17s 9d, harbour dues £531 19s 3d, pilotage £129 4s 4d, exemption fees £21, boat licences £1 2s fid. rent victoria farry £19 15s, contri bution from consolidated light board to wards leading light keeper's salary £20 Don harbour dnes £2 fis lid, Port Sorrell harbour dues £2 10s 5d, amount of loan re ceived from Government £6000, amount received from Government under 58 Vict. No. 54 for harbour improvements £4906 5s 6d, amount received from Government under 54 Vict. No. IS on account of Hopper Barges, and patterns and sundry expenses £3432 13s Id. The total expenditure (in cluding a credit balance of £5443 17s from last account) amounted to £16,645 17s -lid, thus leaving for the year 1S91 a teiance Of £1110 3s 2d to bo carried to next yeare ac- cgult The Federal Band are much indebted to Mr W. Holyman for his kindness in' plac. ing the S.s. Star at their disposal last Tuesday .evening free, of all expense Nearly 200 persons availed themselves of the trip down the river, and the funds of the- band will benefit -to the/extent of nearly £10. ; ... On Thursday. night a rather serious acci dent occurred to "Frank Ryder, a well- lcnown character in Latrobe, self-styled the " Champion Bell Ringer of the North- West Coast." " An itinerant company es tablished a merry-go-ronud on a vacant piece ; of ground at the bottom of Gilheit street, and received a fair amount of pat. ronage. In the evening Rider, ambitions of displaying his equestrian abilities- backed one of the wooden: horses; and was whirled around with the rest. TJnfortun- Z ately, the iron bar connecting , the horse with the framework above, snapped in the middle and threw Frank to the ground, inflicting several serious cuts about his face aud knocking his front teeth out. ZHe was immediately conveyed home, where Dr Payne attended him, and reports that ho is now progressing favourably; When the wooden horse broke away it still remained connected with the car behind by a wire, so that as thb car continued its circular course the horse, held by the . wire, swung round with it, clearing a way'fbr itself by kicking several spectators on the chee and ncse, but none' of these " injuries : proved to be of a serious hatnre. \- The usual monthly meeting of the East Mersey Road Trust will he held at the Sas safras State School' this afternoon. - The Sheffield Turf Club will hold their annual meeting on the new course at Shef field on Monday next. The entries are fairly numerous, and if the weather proves favorable a successful day's sport- is antici pated. ; The following are some of the most im portant snbjoets proposed to be discussed t.the projected postal conference to be held at Hobart this month':— Free postage of papers from New SontH Wales and other colonies. Communication bv one colony with the bureau at Berne on behalf of the whole Australian colonies. Limitation of the weight of packages of samples and pat terns : an increase from 250g (about 12oz.) to350g (about 14oz.) Transmission through the post of articles liable to customs duty. Withdrawal of re-direction by sender of correspondence over posted. The proposal of Great Britain to assimilate the Austral ian postage rates (foreign) to those adopted in the United- Kingdom from the 1st Janu ary. The reduction- of the intercolonial rate on printed papers of Id per 4oz. or -Jd for 2oz; A uniform classification of all cor respondence inland, as well as foreign; oti the lines of the Postal Union. Uniformity of practice as regards responsiirility on ac count of registered articles sent through oost. Consideration of new Article 7 of "/e Vienna Convention relative to the re- b -tared correspondence despatched grave raniboursement (taxed with trade charges). Uniformity of practice in dealing with sur taxed letters ; . proposal -to adopt Postal Union practice. Re-direction charge ; also charge 'on returned "dead letters. The minimum .charge for parcels ; adoption of a single-pound rate, in lieu of the 21b rate, as a first charge"; parcels-post insurance ; postal transit rates by rail and sea. Inter colonial postal convention, still in abeyance to be reyiyed;- with/a view of affirming the advisableness of a universal postal union. Australian territorial rates for conveyance of mails and mode of treatment with 'foreign countries in the Postal Union under the new regime ; application of such rates on alj intercolonial -railways. : Consultation with, regard to post and telegraph notes, with a view to uniformity Through train from Sydney to Melbourne and Melbourne to Sydney on Sunday.- ; The question of tho mail steamers .being, not; allowed to load or- land cargo on a Sunday at Adelaide. There appears now to be sortie chance (and we are glad to observe it) of the work at the' turning basin, Latrobe Inlet, being continued. Messrs Milburn and Devlin are the snccessfnl tenderers for finishing the excavation left by J. CZ O'Brien; the- last contractor, and carrying out an ad ditional section, and .they .appear to bo anxious to push it on immediately. We hope they will get through with it before the winter sets in. so that the flood waters will not undo all that ia being carried out. . - _ - An enterprising Gorman professor, who has of late beeome. "notorious in and aroand Latrobe as a" vil9 inn" tutor, and whose winning ways have now twice wheedled confiding townspeople out of advance cash, soft goods,, aud other portables, is again non est inventus-, having -made his exit ia the direction of INew Caledonia. Where he will turn up next is uncertain, but it is understood that he will live en the pro ceeds of an odd Stradnarius" or two that he invariably carries with him until the authorities at Latrobe again see fit to pro vide him with free faro back. Speaking of the 'sfcrihge'd instruments with which he enlivens his travels he speaks in glowing terms of the indulgence extended' to him by Latrobe friends, who, being smitten on one cheek of liberality they always turn to him the other. " They are white men and no mistake" he says. We understand that the genial sub-Inspector of police at La-Z trobe may possibly . enjoy a trip to the South Seas on this quest, so that after all " it is an ill wind, &c.;" We pity this offi cial, however, if he goes out to identify the desperado, especially if the Dutchman gets mixed with a score or so of inebriated Solomon Islanders. At the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening last- the/Rev. T. G.White preaobed the first of a course of sermons on ' The elements of the true Christian life" as those elements are supplied respectively by, God- the ZFather, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. The subject dealt with was the " Father's work of love " in providing for personal holiness, the adoption of. chil dren, and acceptance in' the beloved, ; The subject announced for to-morrow evening is the Son's work of love. 