Fernbrook's Double. fCOPtRMHT.] Romance of Maoriland. By Atha Weatbury. PROLOOUK. THE BOItNINO HOHOflNEH. Un the evening o£ tlio 10th December, 18 — , the 'Durham Castle'- merohant umn, 2000 tons register, lay like a huge ? s log upon tho waters. In the breathless ' j 8tillnoss of a tropical aftehioon, the 1 air was hot and heavy, and tho sl;y I brazen and cloudless. There was not a ' puff- of wind to rnfllo the surf.ico of tho ocean, upon which tho ship rose and fell with the monotony of a oloclc's pendu lum. ' . Tho sun' had just got low enough to peep beneath the awning that covered the poop dcck, and spread its rays athwart tho figure of a mun asleep on the cabin sky liglit. Save for the man at the wheol, and another at tho quarter vailing, the sleeppr was alone on tho deck. In the absence of a breeze tho ship rolled and lurched on the hoaving soa, her idle sails II ipping against the mast with a regular recurring noisp, and her bowsprit rose higher with tho. swell of the water, only tu dip again tho next moment with a jerk that mado each rope tremble and tauten. The Durham Castle had been sixty five jlays out from tho Land's End, and was fast approaching hor destination, when a dead, sleepy calm environed the vessel as if she had entered the Dead Sea. The appoarunco of the ship differed in no wise from that of an ordinary liner, except perhaps that Bhe carried a more than ordinary complement of passengers. Tlio intense heat had driven tliesa below, some. to indulge in cards nnd otherganies, some to road, nnd tho remainder to sleep — like the man reposing on tho cabin skylight. By and by, as the sun sunk lower down on the vast area of golden azure, this personago awoke. Stretching . himself utter tho manner of a ponderous upe, he threw a quick glance upward at tha flapping sails, and then called out in ' . a loud voice — ' For'ard there !' ?l Ayo,:;ayo capt'n,' replied the man forward. 'Pass the word for Mr Jones,'' he cried, then rising' and advancing towards tho binnacle. ' ^ . ' . ' No sign of a change yot, Benson,' he _ exclaimed. ? ' Nono whatever, Captain,' responded the man at the wheel. . There isn't as muoli wind as would fill a paper, bal loon.' . : ' Mr Jones, the chief officer of the Dur ham Oastlo, a bandy-logged, big bearded, gruff-voiced eon' of Neptune, waddled on ' deck, and drew near his superior— Cap . fciin .Topp Bowman. ' Reef the topsails, and haul fast tho ? foresheet ai.d jib, Mr Jones,' said the Hkippor. AVo may as well make overy ? - thing snug for the night. The commotion overhead roused tho attontion of the passengers, who flocked oil deok to watch, and some to help the crow in taking in sail. Many . were here who cast anxious glances over the broad expanse of waters in search of the first glimpse of that new land, which for the future was to be their home. Others there wero, and of these not a few, who were returning home again from a visit to that older and former homo. The colo nist, tlio emigrant, tho needy, and tho \veU-to-do, all crowded together to watch tho sun go down into the vast sea in all iiis glory of crimson and gold. ' How many days before we reach port, captain ?' asks a tall, burly sheep farmer, .'returning to his station oil the Patoa, from a trip to Scotland. '? Well, I reckon if we have no better wind than we've had lately, wo shall reach Auckland about Tib's Eve, which, by the way, is neither before or after Christ, inns,' roplied the akipper, laughing. ' Oh, but-I trust to eat my Christmas . dinner at Glenbock with tho Missus and weans,' roplied the farmer. ? 'I hope so,' rejoined Captain Bow man ; ' a 9at's paw will waft us into port) if we can only got it.' Then we are noar land 1 ' Yory near. According to my calcu lation the Great Barrier iB not a hundred knots distant. I expect to sight its peak every hour.' The news soon sproad, and when, the dinner bell rang there assembled a glad . lom'e array of faces in the saloon and tho fore part of the ship to congratulate caoli other that the end of the long and tedious ? voyage wa3 drawing near. Darkness came apace with host j of Btars, which were mirrored on the bosom of tlio glassy sea, like unto some wonderful floor studded with diamonds. On deok tho passengers are standing in knots, laugh ing and chatting and smoking. 'Fine night 1' says one of these — a wcll-mauo, Boldiorly-looking old gentle man, striding np to the captain, and join ing his pace with that of tho skippor. ' No signs of a breczo yet, though, Colonel Langroove.' ' How provoking I' Just then, from out of the violet haze that hung over tho horizon, a strange glare of light broke. ' Hallo!' exclaimed tho colonol j 'did you see that?' Oiptain Bowman rubbed his eyes 'I saw it distinctly— a flash of light.' Every one on deck had seen it. ' Mr Tremain, tho second officer, Baw something liko tliat boforo dinner, Thero must bo thunder in the air,' rcspondod \- the captain, passing into his cabin for his night glass. Ero tho skippor returned n thin streak of light shot up for an instant, then sank Again. Tho captain had seen it. Plac ing his glasses in tho direction, ho looked ? ; long and carofully. 'What is it, sir?' interrogated the colonel: : ? ?: 'I can hardlymake it out,' replied the captain, still looking intently thrcugh hia glass. ' There seems to rest a tiny black aloud on the extreme end of the western hoiizon; midif'itwas nofi for tho crim son sky I should soy therc- was (time with the cloud.' 1 ? 'What! Afire?' 'Aye!' An hour : later one simultaneous ex clamation burst from nil tho rtatohers or deck. From out tho gloom there rose a column of fliano that lighted iip tlio night, for the space of two seconds, and then fell; 'leaving' a; (lull 'red spark upon tlifc water. ' It is n sbip on firo, gentlemen I' cried tho captain, and in the same breath an order was gfoen to lower a boat. Tho long boat was in tho water in a few minutes, and Mr Jones stood by the gangway nwaiting further orders from his chief. ' She dooa not appear a very large ship,' responded the captain, in answer to a question put by soma one noar. ' A fore-and-aft Kchooner, I should say, by the cut of her ; but she is n long way to leeward, a good ton miles or more, Mr Joros.' ?' Aye, aye, sir.' 'Put. a keg; of water and a flask of brandy aboard ; then call the witch.' ? 'Poor devils; they will ho roasted liko chestnuts,' muttered tho colonol, as the glow in tho sky became moro and more intense. ' They've -got their own boats,' says Captain Bowman, coolly ; and you may bo certain thoy will make use 'of them. In the meantime I'll show thorn that thoro's somo one near. There, they'll seo that, he added, as a rocket rose up ward with its ghastly flame in tho air. ' Mr .Tones, man the long boat with six mon. You may take a volunteer or two from any of thoso gentlemen willing to go with you.' In a moment a score proffered tlioir services, but only a relay for the six oars wero selected, and tho boat pushed off into tlio darkness. Tho sea appeared oil rather than water. Hugo foamless billows rolled onward without a sound— nay. the very stillness of tho air Boomed emptied of sound, save for the dip of the oarB, whick was re echoed iu space by a succession of Btraiige impressions liko voices. Tho men pulled with u will. As tho blades struck tlio dark element it flashed lire, and the track of the boat resembled a sea snake writhing through a lnlce of silver. ' Givo way, lads !' urges the mat« with a cheery voice, and tlio rowers, with set teeth and compressed lips, propel tho littlo vessol along with tho speed of il steam yacht. By and by they ? in a. cloud of smoke which hangs i.,cr tho crimsoned waters, and tho ordor is given to ease off a littlo. The burning ship is close at hand now. Mr Jones wonders that no boats have boon met with. Rais ing his voico lie. bids his oxhausted crow lay on their oars ; then ho hails tho buru- . ing vessel. She is a huge, clumsily built schooner, with groat-breadth of beam. Though tho fire had only beeu soon but an hour or two ago by thoBo on the Durham Castlo, the craft was already a wreck, and ap peared completely desorted. Amidships and the lower deck was ono mass of flaine. Her ports presented great charred rifts and gaps, where tlio red hot firo glowed as through tho bars of a gigantic furnace. The masts had gone by tho board, and trailed a blackened wreck in the water. The flames still roared liko a cataract, amidst huge volumes of smoke, which rolled away liko a cloud over the sea. Tiie mato pulled slowly round the stern, and hailed tho' dcck ngain and again. Still there was no answer, though tho flood of light that dyed tho water struck out ovory spar and rope as distinct and clear as noon-day. 'What is her namo, men? Can you see !' roared tho mate through his hands, as the boat drow nearer. Ono of tho men in -the bow stood up, and shading liia eyes with ? his hands, called out — ' It is the 'Seagull,' sir 1' 'Tho Seagull? From where?' ' Sydney, New South WaleB ['' again cried tho bowman, amid the roar of flames. ' That will do. Back water men. Round with her. Thore is not a living soul linre,' cried tho oflicer, and ho -gave the order to pull back to the ship, Mr Jones was mistaken though. Through the gloom, and shrouded in the cloud of thick smoko, two mon lay to in a boat. Tho oars were iu their handB, but thoy did not use them. With strain ing eyoB those two personages watched the movoments of Mi' Jones and his com panions with all absorbing interest. Onco when the mate passed near on his return, ono of them put out hia hand as if to call out, but the other with a quick move ment, soized him by the throat, and mut tered, ill a smothered angry tone, '' fool 1 would you botray us?' He hold him down until tho others had passed by, and left the lurid mass but a red speck in the distance. When day broke, and the Durham Castlo appeared but a speck upon tho vast surface of wators, those two solitary men hoisted an old tattered sail thoy had 'with them in the boat, aud sailed away from tho charred wrack of the ill-fated schoonor, steoring a course almost duo weBt. . CHAPTER I. FBKX1IROOK. No spot in the whole Southern Hemis phere can' boast such a rugged and im. posing coast lino as Now Zealand. On its most .'northern ledge towers the 'Great Barrier Book— tho first point on which the ocean tossed mariner rests his weary eye — tho first land soon when bearing up for Maoriland. A strango land this. Along its shoros tho vision oncounters huge and mystic shapes at overy turn of tho sea wall. llore, tho CoIosbus of Rhodes ; tlioro a ponderous Sphinx, ris ing sheer above its fellows, and whoso base has boon lapped by the restless waves for a thousand years. Truly, a strange oountry is this of To waite, tho Maori, and tiio most mystio and awe-inspiring spot of all is that of the Barrier Rock. Save the Fire Mountain of Toiigongora, it is tho grandest and also thiv highest point in New Zealand. It is a gigantio mount, ns largo as Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by tho soa, excopt at' the wostern end, where thero is a nar row' strip of kauri forest, which links it with tlio mainland. . Viewed from tho sea tlio Barrier pro sontB tlio jij trance of an exact cono np to; within liny yards of its top. Thero tho sloping ends. ISeyond it is treeless; and as bare and bald as the crown of a fruit1 ; otherwise tlio sides of the giant guardian of Maoriland arc densely wondedi'to'.tho waters edge. j: . . ?Singular indooil, betimes, i - tho tree less summit. Seampd and iV!Kried,:..i'B surface is mottled 'with' n ' k Vu'lnze,. which, during tlio sunlig!. : .ind ovon under tho mellower beams uf tho moon - gives forth u coruscation, aa if tlielights wore reflected from Bcalo armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, aro overy wliero around it, r.nd tho strango glow is oyer all. No northern painter in primoval day ovor dreamed of forms so mighty, so (jrotesque, as seems to look down upon \vm from the rocks around. Jt required only a very meagre Btrotoh of the imagination to people thoso heights and depths with a race of Titans, to con jure up the sculptor at hia work, rude though it may be, after nil tho countless ages tliat-havo passed. On tho southern side of the Barrier, and within a milo of that narrow nock of earth which joined the great lock to tho mainland, stood a largo and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad, slop, ing ridge, which ran parallel with tho base of the mount for more than half its entiro length, overlooking a lovely valley. The architectural style of tbis building wa3 almost as quaint and as strong a3 tho natural walla of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to tho opening of this story,- Colonel Harry Fornbrook — a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a largo fortune in London, sold his cominiBsiun, and with tho money emigrated to New Zealand nnd purchased tho Barrier liock aud its adjacent land from old 'J'e Hun, tho Maori chieftain, and thero made his future home. The colonel, who was n bachelor, had not been settled twelve months at the Rock ero ho fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori half-cast girl of great beauty, and heiress to immense wealth. Ono aon only was tho issue of this mar riage — Hilton Fornbrook. The boy was sixteen years old when he lost his parents by a boating accident off tho Barrier during a squall, aud the duty of tlio youth's personal wolfavo devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had been Mrs Fernbroolt's nurso and chief domestic. A bold, weird looking landscape is Hub around tlio Barrier Rock, with its gliston. ing pinnacle?, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with the setting sun j full upon them, and lighting up many a' gloomy dell below. 1 tore whore the buii glinted upon the ftico of tho cliff an iris might- lie soon 3hining amidst the flocce-liko vapor. But raro was tho oyo that beheld this beauti ful phenomenon, for tho place had tho reputation of being haunted. Few thero aro in our day who believe in ghosts. Thiii go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. Wo have bccomo too matter-of-fact and prac tical for such humbug. Nevertheless, ho was a bold fellow who would venturo alono into tho dim and dismal region of that ravino, and not fool the influonce of tho place upon his nerves. It was ovident some daring mortal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoko could bo aeon ascending from tho haunted depths of the ravine -upward to where a kind of stairway was traced, formod of croopers, tho outstanding stems serving as steps. It was only -by standing upon tho very outer ledge above, and parting the foliage that screened it that tho smoke could be seen ; and if only superficially observed, it might easily have been mistaken for a strong waif of the fog that floated above tho waterfall near which it rose. Closoly scrutinised, however, its blue color and soft filmy haze rondored it recognisable as the smoke of a wood fire, and ono that must have been mado by somo human hands. Under the liranohes of a -largo kauri standing by tho edgo of tho lagoon a canoo of rudo construction was moored by a twiated piece of supplejack attaolied to tho troo. Nor was tliiB the only indi cation of tho presence of man. Oloso under tho cliff, and near whore tho tor rent'eamo tumbling down from tho rocks stood a kauri pine of enormous dimen sions. Its buttressed trunk covcred n surfaco of more than forty feet in di ameter, and tho top rose nearly to tho brow of tho cliff, with a thick foliage upoir it which completely shut out the viows overhead. ' Beneath it stood a wliaro, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thongs and rushes, with a door opening out to tho patli up tho rock. Fow, and simplo indeed wore the articles of furni turo in this primitive abode. A couch mado from two poles interlaced with dried flax and forn thoreon, formed a bed, a shsot of bark placed upon four stakos for a table, aud a kauri log for. a seat. Save an old tin kettlo and ono or two utensils, thero waB nothing olso in tho establish ment in tho way of goods and chattols. Against tho walls hung a variety of singu lar objects, Tho skull and tusks of a savage boar, enormous bats, with human liko faces, ugly Bnnkes, strings of teeth and beads, and quaint images carved in wood. Squatting by the door of tho wliaro was a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipe. Ho was of gigantic proportions, and frightfully tattooed ovor every part of his face. Betwoen his broad shouldors was sot a bull-liko head almost nccklcss. This personago was evidently watching and waiting for tho appoaranco of Botno ono expected by way of tho cliff, for at tho slightest sound ho would crane himself and listen intently. At such times hia baok was bent liko a bow, presenting a groat hunch, partly the effect of advanced ago, nnd partly from natural malfor mation. The Maori's costume was in keoping with his abodo. A short thick tnmba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much worn, togothor with a blanket formed int.i a toga (coal), completed his' costume. At his band Htood a double-barrelled gun, with a Bliot bag manufactured from tho gkin of some wild animal. ; 'Whoever the individual might be for whom tho old Maori watched and waited, did not appear to hurry, for tho sun be gan to dip into tho sea awav boyond tho Tonga Reef ero the expected personago malleolus appearance. . In the fast deepening twilight tlio form of n nihil appeared nt the apex of tho cliff, who gave a peculiar cry, in imitation of tho toho, Tlio Muoi'i. below immediately sprang to his feet at the Aound, nnd began climbing up the face of tlio jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. Tho lagoon rcachcd, he unfastened the canoe froin its moorings, and paddled across to where tlio man. stood for whom ho had been waiting. Tlioro was just light sufficient to sco that this latter personage was a littlo hardy-looking young man, and with a form as lithe and supple as an eo!. His face, though bearing no particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in a romarkablo do greo, otherwise thero was nothing to mark tho man from any ordinary mortal, ex copt wlion ho opened his mouth ; then ono folt a disagreeable sensation, aB may bo felt at tlio growl of a panther or the croak of a raven. In a very Bliort time tho pair rocroseed tho lagoon and descended tho cliff. Not a word passed between them till they reached the hut. Thero tho Pakelni (white man) throw himself upon tho rudo couch, and emitted a long whistle of rolicf. j 'So this ia tho Great I'arrior, is it ?' ho cried, '.with a . mild irony in his un pleasant voice. ''..I gueBS I've seen somo few places ,oii. this globe besides New Zea land, but -hang nio as high as Captain Bragg if cvor.I Baw: anything to compare with this;' Thero isn't a lovol yard of terra firma on tho 'entire rock. If ono wants to go over tho way to visit one's neighbour, although . thero aro no neigh bours hereabouts that 1 cansoo, yon can't do it under five nr six miles climbing. Faugh ! givo me a match, Bosco.' Tho huge Maori grinned, and nt tho same liino handed his wliito companion a curiously carved' box containing vestas. '* Now, old; follow, I'm going to rest here for half an hour,' continued the littlo man, lighting n cigar, aiid handing another to his( companion. 'In tho in terim I want yoii to;soo that tho gear is put into the lioaV all ready to-mako a start.' „ ' '?- ' -What,,',^toin1glitV';'':.enquirod tho Maori.. ''f ? ' To- night,- Bosco I The moon will bo up in an hour..;. Wo will sail when there's light enough, if y'ou please.'' Tlio herculean;' savago gavo a grunt pe culiar lo the Maori race, lit his cigar, and left tho hut. Tho other sat and smokod in silenco for . s'omo timo, until his thoughts found' vent in audible mntter ings. ' Egad I this iB going tho ticket, and no mistake,''; ho cried, taking the cigar from his lips'nnd apostrophising tlio curling smoko above liia head.. ' Moro am I, Timothy Sharpe, alias tho Ferret, and valet do-shain 'to his greatness Mr Hilton Fernbrook,; lord -of tho Barrier Rock, llere am I, -ambassador, courier, messenger, forerunner, and what riot, to herald tho approach'iof my bosB — master, I mean — to this his: homo, after an ah sonco of fivo years Bpent in Englandi nnd on the continent of Europo. Ha! ha ! ha I it's raro fun ; to be a gentlemfm, and to do tlio grand tour as tho boss and I have dono for thoso years past. Ho I ho 1 ho !' And the idea so tioklcd tho risible muscles of the little man that he rolled over tho bunk in'a fit of uncontrollable morrimont. 'Well,' well, I've dono my mission horo satisfactorily at any rato '' when ho had recovered himself. 'Ono trump card -played;- which will go far to win the game if properly followed up.' 'Now,letme glance dnco moro over my instructions to make snro 1 liavo missed nothing. First to give Bosco, the Mnori, half a dozen lines scribbled in somo out landish fashion that old Nick himself could not road. Tho. savago read it though, nnd dcucod glad and pleased ho seemed after it too. lip placcd l.iinsolf at onco entirely at my disposal, and put the missive away in his ^dirty blanket aB if it had boon tho Koliinoor. Second — received at tho house— when 1 got tlioro, that is. which took a'; terrible time, and devilish tired I felt, too, scraping my shins against the sharp, steep rocks— re- ceiv edat the house with open arms, and especially by that tall, dark old she cat — Rita, tho housekeeper.' What an eye bIio has, and what long claws^for scratching. Humph I Ferret, you rascal, bowaro of that Maori devil in petticoats. How her withered face lighted upiwhon I told her that Master Hilton was j coming homo. Ah, woll! if tho jlace doesn't auit you, Timothy Sharpe, you onn give notice. Ha ! 1m ! ha ! Lastly, I ani not to dolay my return; very well, Master Hilton Fernbrook. Tlio wind is fair for our sixty milo journey, nnd I'm'glad it is so, for an opon fiBhing boat ia not tho most safe and comfortable conveyance on tho coast of Now Zealand on a dark night, nnd with a chopping soa on. JCntrc units Ferrot, if tho wind holds tlio Mastor of Fornbrcok shall see the face of his humblo sorvant ore to-morrow's dawtj.' ' Who's there ?' Tho harsh voico croaked out the latter exclamation licrco. ly, and at the same instant a revolver was pulled forth from the breast of his but toned up coat, - 'Bah! it's only Bosco returning,' ho cried, after an intense pauao. i' This in fernol don otpouks nnd chnsmsjwould un nerve tho devil himself.' ! He had only time to replace tho weapon in his coat when tho Maori re-entered tho wliaro. V ' Well, the boat is ready ?V-% '» 'Yes.' ' :- 1: ' Come then, lead tho way Boscoj' cried the other, rising, nnd light|i'g aVfresh cigar. My muter gavo 'me positiv'e orders to ho baok at Pukenhinv by? to-morrow morning,'— 2'o be Continued.^ FfD l \ i iV''i 