lutaitatiaiwl Jesscm. 1 SUNDAY, AUGUST 21. Acts v. 1 The Apostles Persecuted. ? Golden* Text (Acts v. 29). — ' Wo ought, to obey God rather than men ' BEFORE Til E COUNCIL. After the punishment of Ananias and Sapphii'a, miracles of healing were wrought amongst the people which at tracted universal attention. These wonders served to give great publicity to the Apostles' teaching. The anger of the Sadducees rose higher as the ii;-. fluence of the Apostles widened. At length the Apostles were again arrested and placed in prison, from which they were delivered by the ministry of an angel. They went forth, and again taught the people. At this point the* lesson of to-day begins. A report was brought of the action of ! these preachers to the rulers. The; ' captain of the temple,' . once again I arrested them. No violence was used,, not because these officials disliked such measures, but because they were., res trained by the fear of popular indigna-. tion. The Council seems to have been in session, ready to judge and sentence the accused. They were brought in, and at once the high priest commenced the trial, the process of which was more in formal than in our courts of law. The' remonstrance of the high priest (verse 29) shows the great success that had at tended the work of'the Apostles. They 'filled Jerusalem' with their teaching. A false charge was brought against -thorn, that they intended to set the populace against the religious authori ties as being responsible for the death of Jesus. Peter himself had already exonerated those men, in the spirit of his Master, ' And now, brethren, I wot that through ignorance ye did it, as did also your rulers,' an echo of the prayer of Jesus on the cross for his murderers. Had that blood been required at their hands, it would have been in accordance with their expressed desire before Pilate, when all the people cried, ' His blood be on us, and on our children.' THE DEFENCE. The defence offered by the accused preachers was the same as before. They were desirous to submit to legal author ity as far as they oould consistently with their duty to God, but when it was im possible to obey both they could not not hesitate in their choice — ' 'We ought to obey God rather than men ' (verse 29). They then placed the Gospel which they preached in a few plain words be fore the judges. They first spoke of the great fundamental fact of the resurrec tion, of the death of Christ as involved in it, and of the ascension as the com pletion of the great work. The object ?of this work, of these great facts, was that men might be led into a right state of mind towards God, that of repent ance, and that forgiveness of sins might be possible and granted to them — in a word, salvation. They set forth a Saviour, crucified, risen, ascended ; the meed for penitence ; the gift of pardon (verses 30, 31). This was the Gospel, the good news, which these Apostles preached, and which they thus presented in brief to the Council. Of this Gospel they were the ' witnesses.' This work of bearing witness had been committed to them directly from Christ, 'Ye shall be witnesses unto Me' (Acts i. 8). The witness-bearing was twofold. Their's was human work. But a Divine Person also testified : 'The Holy Ghost, whom God hath -?iven to them that obey Him' {verse 32). The testimony consisted not ?in articulate words, such as Vere spoken by men, but in signs and wonders, and divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost.' This twofold witness-bearing by the Apostles and by the Holy Ghost had been promised by Christ — ' The Spirit of truth, He shall testify of Me ; and ye also shall bear witness ' (John xv. 26, 27). THE DECISION. The members of the Council were ' cut to the heart ' by this testimony, and although the power of inflicting death did not belong to them, they en deavoured to devise some means by which they could get rid of these men. So has it often been. Opponents of truth have sought to destroy facts by killing the preachers of facts, forgetful that truth must live on. We have already seen that the Sad ?ducees were the most violent against the Apostles hitherto. Their peculiar be liefs, and, as yet, not the beliefs of the Pharisees, had been put in danger. The prisoners now find a helper in a Phari see, Gamaliel, a celebrated rabbi, under whom Saul of Tarsus had studied (Acts xii. 3). On his suggestion, the prison ers were removed, and the discussion proceeded in private. Gamaliel in his address referred to past facts, and ex horted the Council to learn wisdom by experience. He told them of two pop ular movements, which at first assumed threatening proportions, but which even tually came to nothing because they were not founded in truth. His advice was that this popular movement should he let alone. Time would ' try it. If the work were simply through human pride, it would ultimately fail ; if it j were Divine, do what they might, it must succeed. Note the influence exercised by one wise man upon his fellows. The Coun cil was evidently in danger of losing its dignity, not to speak of committing gross injustice in its agitation. One ?calm, self-possessed man throws oil on the troubled waters. He brings them all to their senses. He did not, however, hinder them — perhaps he could not — from one act of injustice.- ' The prison ers were scourged, and then dismissed. Thus the anger and spite of these priests, elders, and doctors of the law, found some outlet. The immediate conduct of the Apos tles is mentioned in two respects, (i.) Joy. They rejoiced. Though they must have suffered intense pain, they were content, and more than content, glad to be thus identified with their suffering Master, (ii.) Activity. They went on preaching. Their work was con tinuous. Every day they preached ; they '? ceased not.' Their work was public, ' in the temple ; ' and private, ' in every house ' — that is, at home to believers they gave further instruction and exhortation. 