A NEW NOVEL. SATIS CHRISTIE MURRAY AtJIMOE OF . "Joseph's.Coat,1' "Aunt Rachel," "Rainbow Gold,'? - SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOB. AUSTRALIAN PATERS. [all OTEENHLAND BIGHTS BE3ERTED.] . CjumsB XV; IB EUSTACE sat at; his break fast table sore perplexed, and Mrs. Weybridge watchedhim with an eye of roguish amuse ment. Tho cause of annoyance lras an .epistle in the French language Written in si handwriting so eccentric as fc> . be almost illegible. Sir Eustace's knowledge of the tongue his correspondent amployed was hut elementary, and a far better Preach scholar than he might easily bave found the scrawl oppressive. ' For pity's sake, Julia, do see'if you' lan make head or tail of this,' he ex .' jluimed at last, pushing the letter across^ (he table. ' 1 .What is it f ashed his Bistei1. - ' 'It's, from Do Eonde Lereoux. Con lound hin!' the baronet answered. ' The beggar knows'my French isn't goudfor taucb. He.can write just as good English I! I can when be has a mind, and ho Mnds me this abominable scrawl to pay . me out, I suppose, for having given him the trouble to write it.' ' Monsieur lo Yicontc!'said the lady. 'A very charming man, and quiteeapable, I'm sure^-of writing a, very- charming letter.' " Oh, I dare say/ Sir Eustace admitted, \- -'the letter's charming enough if one _ -tould only read it.' . '. .. I ' Let me'- try,' said his sister. She pored over the letter for a moment, ,• and then looked up with a little spiiit of laughter. ■ . ■ V ' Enstace,' she said, ' you havesbeen siring your French.' 'Airing my Erench?' he demanded, ' with an aspect halt hangdog, halt defiant. • '"What dp you mean by that?'. ' • ' You know perfectly well what I mean,' his- Bister retorted."'. ' You have been writing to Monsieur le Yioonte in bis native language.' ■ ' Doet he say so,' inquired Sir Eustace. 'Oh, dear no,' the lady answered. ' He doesn't say so, but the letter does, • It is written in a most admirable copy of your own style. • The pastiche is excellent, listen.' :■ • She read aloud, stopping to laugh from timo to time. 'Jo/viens d'avoir recu une lettre de roue, mon chercamarade, et jo m'empresse . de voub repondre. J'ai dans mon ceil nn homme qui est le vrai homme pour vous. Joyous1'enverrezdesuite. C'estunhommo tris sobre, tri-s discret,treshonnete, etbien experiments. II a cte dans inon service pour six ans. Son age est quarante quatre sea yens Bont gris, sa' moustache est \- grisatre, mais il ne segrise jamais.' . ' I can make all tliat out,' said Sir Eustace. 'except the last sentence. "What have his eyes and his "moustache to do • with it ?' \- • < They serve to herald n bad joke,' tbe : lady responded, 1 which is the only flaw \- in the wholo production.' : ' V Mb that tbe lot of it?' Sir Eustace asked. \- 'That is all, except tbe customary French flourish at the end, in which you are. besought to helibvo that Monsieur le Viconte tenders you his most high con sideration.' '"Well,'demanded her brother, 'what ie thereto laugh at?' ' Nothing whatever, if you choose to be . grave about it. But who is the mas he is sending?' 1 ' Oh,' returned Sir Eustace, ' I'm not satisfied with Laurence's management of ' the .vineries., I had set my hegit on the first ,prize at the country Bhow, and that " confounded young parvenu of a Bogers lias beaten me hollow, so I wrote to Lereoux. aslnng4rim to recommend me a firstrate man.' ■ •' Well, Eustace, you have an excellent vinery, and the viconto may send yoil an *excellentman, hut wo shall always heat you at Wellsted.' 'Wellsted!' cried her brother, with a jovial-scorn, 'Wellsted! Why, I'd bent Wellsted if I liad nobody but myself to depend on. You can grow a decent Black Hamburg, but even there I heat you. And wliere's your 'Don't bo quite so overwhelming, Eustace, I challenge you noty. Meet us at Colchester, and we will meet voir at Worcester. Off our own ground wo can't competo for prizes, hut we can ash for judgment.' ' Done!' cried her brother. ' That's a bargain. Come in. Well; what is it?' A servant entered, and- stood for a moment with a hand upon the door. ' There's a person to seo you; Sir ' Eustace. He seemB to he in charge.' ' Officer with him ?' ' Yes, Sir Eustace.' g 'Send him into the library. Soihe justice business, I aupposo, though it's. absurdly early for it. I'll see to it at once if you'll excuse mo, Julia.' His sister assenting, he walked across the hall and into the library, where on officer, with that stolid air of impassivity which seems inseparable from the British policeman on duty, saluted him. ' 'What is your business?' the baronet | inquired. ' This individual,' began the officer, indicating his charge. 'I decline to be nominated as an in dividual,' the charge broke in in foreign, sounding but fluent English. 'I am a person of. respectable antecedents and position.'' He. was a man under the middle height, with a huge gray mon3tache and a face the colour of a Normandy pippin. He accompanied his description of himself with vivid gestures, and looked as if, for one reason or another, his temper had passed the boiling point, ' 'What is the business?' Sir Eustace asked again. ' This individual,' the policeman began once more. I ' Permit me to explain,' said the little man, very pale beneath his brown, and his eyes sparkling with excitement. ' Have I the honour to address Sir Eustace Wyncomb ?' " That'is my name.' ' Then,' pursued the little man with an astonishing volubility of tone, ' I have the further honour to present to Sir Eustace Wyncomb letters of recom mendation and introduction from my , honoured friend and patron the Yiconte de Hondo Lereoux. Sir. Eustace Wyn comb will observe'—he pressed an open letter into the baronet's band—■' that my name is. Andre Bom ;.tbnt I am full of experience in the matter in which Sir Eustace desires assistance; that my terms ' are 400 francs per month, with mainte nance ; and that, if terms should be con-. eluded, I am willing at once to enter on my duties.'. All this the rapid, French-toned voice delivered with u wrathful emphasis, ; which seemed to be directed towards the stolidly impassive officer, who was just as much impressed by it as a dead tree might have been. After the mention of the name Andre Dom the baronet heard not a word. He saw at once what had happened. The' name of this fiery little Frenchman had got hi© into mischief. •.' Officer,' he said, ' where do you' come from ?' ■ 'Dover, sir.' 'You knew that a certain Andre Bom was ohorged with, the wilful murder of George Redwood ?' , • ' Yes, sir.' ' And you arrested this gentleman, or he was' arrested, on account/of the iden tity of name?' : 'Just so, sir.' ' "Well, I suppose you'll take my word for it, that this is not the man nor any thing like'him. "Wait a moment.' He opened and read the letter the indignant newcomer had forced upon him. It came from his -friend the viconte, and was couched in English, a trifle top severely, academic to have "been written by anybody except a foreigner or a country school master.- It recominended the bearer in the highest terms. • You have made a mistake,1 said Sir Eustace, addressing him self to the constable. ' This gentleman comes to me recommended by a French nobleman, an intimate friend of mine.. What on earth,' he asked, ' made even the police suppose that a man who had com mitted a murder here would be carrying about a letter of introduction to me ?' ' The inspector thought,' seid the policeman,' that he might carry the letter to evade suspicion.' ' And go about,' said Sir Eustace, ' under his own name for the same pur poso! . I presume you have some sort of business somewhere. You may see to it.' The officer withdrew, surrendering his prey with a reluctant eye. ' Well, Monsieur Dom,' said SirEustace, when they were alone 'My friend speaks very highly of your'capacity, and if your terms arc as satisfactory as your ■ testimonials I shall bo happy to secure your services.', Monsieur Dom repeated the statement of his terms, and Sir Eustace closed with him. _' You'd like to'see the vineries at once, I daresuy,' and Dom assenting, Sir Eustace summoned his sister, and the three set out together, the baronet on the way relating the curious adventure by; which Dom's arrival had been marked. .'.Is yours a common name ?' he asked. 'It is not uncommon,'the Frenchman responded. ' I have met many who bear it, though never with my own prenom.' ' You may find the name a little un popular at first,' his employer said laughingly, ' but you may live that do wn.' ' I will try to hope so, Sir Eustace,' the little man answered. They eamo to the vinerie3, a trio of enthusiasts, and thG new arrival left them in no doubt as to his theoretical acquaint-, ance with his duties. He continued to please both Sir Eustace and his sister, and after an hour's talk was formally installed. The vineries were extensive, and it was evident .to the expert's accustomed eye that they had not only been mis managed hut neglected. He found his hands full for two or three weeks, and during that time he saw/next to nothing . of his new environment. When the first rush of work was over, however, he found time to. make himself acquainted with-the village and its inhabitants, and since he turned out to bo of a singularly jovial, sunny, and friendly disposition he found himBelf in a very little time in agreeable/ relations with the best people of the place. He found that the staple of the village conversation u as even now supplied by the details of the mysterious murder of George Redwood, and by the unexpected and astonishing return of one John Hetheridgef who bed been supposed long. ago to have perished in the Australian bush. ' Nbw "it happened that Mon sieur Horn had been acquainted with a person of that name who, to his own belief, had come to • an end in a like manner, and he experienced a natural interest in the man long he fore he saw him. He made close inquiries about John Hetheridge'a aspect, and the answers he had received confirmed his first belief. The ignorance of the villagers with respect to the locality in which Hethcridge had been lost was complete. Not one of them could tell him 60 much as the name of the colony, but the name and the date both coincided, and he was pretty sure that the returned John Hetheridge could he none other than his old employer. He was passing ono day in front of Mrs. Redwood's house of mourning, and paused to look at the operations at that instant going on there. The garden was Uttered with artioles of furniture bound in straw. A huge furniture van stood before the gate, and two men were staggering along the path hearing a high cottage piano between them. It was evident that Mrs. Redwood was on the move, ami making that departure from the scene of her life's tragedy which he knew from common gossip she had had in contemplation these two months past. The faot that amanbearinghis ownnamo Lad been the author oI the tragedy gave - an interest to it which it would nit other wise have possessed for him, and he was speculating as to who this mysterious un-. discoverable namesake of his might have been; when a horse's footfall on the frost hardened road reached his ear and he turnc-d round to face John Hetberidge. ' Aha,' he cried, running forward to meet him. ' I had learned that yon were not dead after all. It is a strange-chance that throws us together again. You will allow me, Mr. Hetheridge, to congratu late you upon your escape.' At the sound of his first greeting, Hetheridge started violently in his eaddle, stared with dilating eyes and then changed colour. He recovered himself in a moment, and leaning over the horso's neck stretched out,a hand, which the' Frenchman grasped warmly. 'How are you, Mr. Dom?' he asked. ' When I saw you first I took you for a ghost. I suppose,' he added, with a clumsy laugh, ' you noticed how you startled me at first. The truth is, that ever since that adventure in the bush and the long illness that came alter it I've heen as nervous as a eat.' 'Ho wonder,' said Monsieur Dom, sym pathetically. ' I am myself experienced. I should know. I was bushed;fpr three days. There is nothing more horrible. Ah, my dear sir, I know, I •know.' ; Hetheridge dismounted and tethered his horse to the railings. 'I have business here,' he said, 'and I must go in for a little time, but I mustn't forget to ask what brings you here?' ' ■ 'I,' returned Dom, ' am the employee of Sir Eustace Wycomb. I have care of his " vinery. It is pleasant. It will not be • hard work. I 3liall grow a grape, the : finest in the world. I could make from it a wine which the Count of Monte Crisfo could not afford to drink. It would cost him £50., It is you English for spend ing money on •your elegant luxuries. Eh?' ' Yes, I suppose so,' said Hetheridge. ' We'll meet again; I'm stopping at the Black Bull. If you care to look ia there in an hour's time you'll find me.' He liad no liking or affection for the man. Save for himself and Ellice Red wood, he had no liking or affection for anybody. The sudden appearance of the man' whose name he had adopted filled his mind witfy crawling and insinuating fears. The undetected criminal is always a terror to himself. He starts at shadows and see3 in every bush an officer. The phantom hand hovers above his shoulder whether he sleep of wake, and at any Becond, to his fancy, the phantom may grow into sudden flesh and bone, and fait with the-inexorable flat of the law. Un spoken words haunt the eaves of expecta tion. ' Ton are my prisoner.' * The words wait always <}n the threshold of the ear. They tingle in every pulse. The wide air holds them meshed in silence and they are always ready to escape. Hctheridge had began to learn already that a murderer's bitterest penalty is to go scot free. The mere denunciation, trial, and hanging of the common villain would have been mercy compared to the fate* which his own -di-viKsb » tutenes, hud' adjudged him. _ He had no liking or :..*e,-.tb n f''.-the man, and yet.he must needs meet.him. and he friendly with him, if only out of superstition. He had stolen his name—■ the name of the first Frenchman with • whom he had ever been on anything like. familiar terms, and here, as if by "a miracle, was the legitimate bearer of it. carrying in his very presence an uncon scious challenge and reproach. Monsieur Dom dropped in at the Black Bull, the flavour of whose excellent cup . of coguac he was already acquainted with, and there awaited Hetheridge'a arrival. The landlord of the Ball was always ready for' a chat, and Horn,' after the manner of his nation, was inclined to be loquacious about things which were of no special moment, though—still like his nation—he could he secretive , enough when he ehose. , - ' I have met your Sfeestare Hethe- ■ ridge,' said "Dom. ' Ha is, as I guessed he would be* the gentleman 1 knew. It was to mp he spoke his last word before riding away to get lost in the hush. Life is a curious thing that brings us two again together after so long time and so far away.' ' Yes,' the landlord assented. ' It's a bit queer altogether, Mr. Dom. It's a very odd thing that two Frenchmen . hearing the some name should come into a little place like this. One right on top of another. I wonder where that blood-, thirettfoldpartyis. You never saw anybody • as looked less likely to commit a murder. . / A mild spoken, quiet mannered, queer old . chap as ever you'd wish to see. Bent 'double he was, too, pretty nigh, with his old fists a quivering on his walkiu' stick. He looked as if he couldn't a hurt a child, even if he wanted to. Couldn't hardly . ; speak a word of English. There was 'ardly anybody, save Mr. Redwood, us could understand him when he talked. 1 suppose the thing will stop a mystery now since it's gone so far. But the thing as'll alius puzzle me is what the aid boy done it for. The two was always friendly in a sort o' way. There was no notion about robbery. Poor Mr. Redwood's wutch and chain, and his pocket book, with £35 in it, in Bank of England notes, and the money in his pockets—why, they was all there to a ha'penny.' JJonf-ieur Dorn sipped his cognac and pulled reflectively at his pipe of sweet caporal. 'Yes,'he said. 'It is strange. It is very strange.' He had fallen into an odd mood, as he sat -with a curious expectation, a sense ho could not have defined, though it had Oeen to save his life. It was us if a man ehould sit in a twilight" chamber with almost a surety that by-and-bv a door ■would open and show hiai some'unbeard- ; Of tblE£. J The landlord, pleased with a listener went on. ' . 'There's the murder—that's a queer thing. There's that old Frenchman comin from nobody knows where, to do it, and goin' nobodv knows where when it's done—and that's a queer thing! i Ttiere s toj, as different from the man as ■ught from dark, comin' in among us, and bringing his name back again. And then ' as queer as any of 'em, here's Hr. Red wood's old friend, reckoned to be dead turning up two days after the murder like a ghost. I'm - ■ the landlord, 'if ever I heard of such a j iot of queer things together in all my ! '^.r- Hetheridge,' asked Bom, 'was! the frxfcna of the man who was killed ?' I 'Brought up together,' the landlord j mswered. 'Pretty much like brothers, -ml or three and twenty. They had a hit of a tiff later on aboat the young lady poor Mr. Rei wood marned. her' and Mr" Redwood f f f" , otIlEr man> he went out to Australia.' T,'And,T*a! lost for two years,' said Bom. That is a Jong time to get lost ' Yes,' said the landlord, frothing out a mug of beer for himself,it's a longish tome; but when you come to think abont at its natural enough. The poor man seems to have got a sunstroke in the wilds out there I ve heard him say he didn't remember even his own name when he get into his nght mind again.' \- ^ *ke open door 1 But stand ing in the light it gave or seemed to give was an imagination so monstrous, so un laded a, gratuitously impossible and absurd, that Monsieur Bom waved it im fookateit 0a °De 8i<?e" "nd decline4 fo ■ u ' And so took mine . .The words sprang into Dom'g mind, W fT* 3t f? "P3 before ^ saw how wild they would have sounded if spakoi, how mad they seemed even to his own fancy. w"nHet,he?dse had hnown Mm; Andre Born had vanished for two years from the sight of the world, had had reason to hate Redwood, had come to the scene of the murder within two days of faKffT,. Wel'' what there fcnw of' °f the *aicnloM of which it would be wise to Breathe no word. , J?f 'he nert lO minutes the landlord I Dot himSeIf" Monsieur ! Bom thought assiduously, stroking his I huge moustache and grunting yea or no ^ random. At the end of that toe entered, and the Frenchman JmmL reTerie pltmBed talk " em inent, the patron,' he said, •Ma been telling me that you suffered tobMhf6tr°ke &0m yoar'wanderings in • faiT^Vo^ Sethmidge, with kverted MtL J,* 5fVe tiou£ht too late on the year for that, wouldn't you? But ! m!fe°r two bkzin8 days.' ..iSl,- f.fcncy' ^ utue Tigneron asked himself, or was it hnrnbug? He . remtmbered_ the long and painful search . "*e biasing man, and £e recalled if • fofthf « dEt£fr HowShf ' bndonbtedly. Possibly he thought^ at last. Theraw«nokno£ ing precisely 'what might happen to a man weakened by want and exposure. Ho decided that he suspected nothing. That as an honourable and clean minded man, he had no right to suspect anything. The fancy which bad attached him was no better than au intrusive madness. He would let it go. But all the same it clung. {To he continued.) 