[CONTINUED TTlCfX SATURDAY 8 ISSUE.] [AIL iikjhts iiiwEKVEn.] NAD A THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copy RIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDEK HAGGARD. CHAPTER XXXV. THE VENGEANCE OF MOPO AND His FOSTER ' LING. It chanced that on this day of Nada's death and at that same hour of dawn I, Mopo, camo from my mission bac i to the kvaal -of the People of the Axe, having succeeded in my end, for that gro'\t chief whom I had gone out to visit had hearkened to my words. As the light broke I reached the town, and lo ! it was a 1'Iackness and a desolation. ' Here is the footmark of Dingaan,' I said to myself, and walked to ind fro, {{running heavily. Presently I found a knot of men who had escaped the slaughter hiding in the mealie-fields lest the Slayers should return, and from them I drew all the story. I listened in silence, for, my father, I was grown old in misfortune : then I asked where were the Slayers of the king ? They replied that they did not know ; the soldiers had gone up the Ghost Mountain after the AVolf-Brethren and Nada the Lily, and from the forest lmd come a howling of beasts and sounds of war ; then there was silence, and none had been seen to returu froni'the mountain, only all day long the vul tures hung over it. ' Let us go up the mountain,' I said. At first they feared, because of the evil name of the place ; but in the snd they c.-imo with me, and we followed on the path of the impi of the Slayers and guessed all that had befallen it. At length we reached the knees of stone, and saw the place of the great fight of the Wolf-Brethren. All those who had taken part in the fight were now but bones, because the vultures had picked them every one, except Galazi, for on the breast of Galazi lay tho old wolf Deathgrip, that was not yet dead. I drew near the body, and the great wolf struggled to his feet and ran at me with bristling hair and open- jaws, from which no sound came. Then, being spent, he rolled over dead. Now I looked round to find the axe Groan Maker among the bodies of the slain, and did not find it, and the hope came into my heart that Umslopogaas had escaped the slaughter. ' Then we went on in silence to where I knew the cave must be, and thero by tho cave lay the body of a man. I ran to it-it. was Um slopogaas, wasted with hunger, and in Ins temple was a great wound and on his breast and limbs wore many other wounds. More over, in his hand ho hold another hand-a dead hand that was thrust through a hole in the rock. I know its shape weii-it was the littlo hand of my child, Nada tho Lily. Now I understood, and, bending down, I felt tho heart of Umslopogaas. and laid the down of an eagle on his lips. His heart still stirred and tho down was lifted gently. I bade those with mo drag asido the stone, and tlioy did so with toil. Now the lights flowed into tho cave, and by it we saw tho shape of Nad$ my daughter. She was some what wasted, but still very beautiful in her death. I felt her heart ajso ; it >v;is still, and her breast gro -r cold. Then I spoke : "The dead to the dpqd. jLefc us tend to the livin So we bore in Umslopogaas, and I caused broth to be made and poured it down his throat ; also T cleansed his great wound and bound healing herbs upon it, plying all my skill. Well I knew the arts of healing, my father ; I who was the first of the izinyanea of medicine, and, had it not been for my craft, Umslopogftiis had never lived, for he was very near hi j pud, Ftill, there where once he had been nui-se4 by Galazl the Wolf, I nursed him buck to life, It »as three days till he spoke, and, before his sense returned to him, I caused ft great hole to be dug in tho floor of the cave. And there, in the hole, I buried Nada my daughter, and ve heaped lily blooms upon her to keep tjje earth from her, and than closed in her grave, for I was not minded that Umslopogaas should look upon her dead, lest he also should die from tho sight, and because of his desire to follow her. Also I burried Galazi tho Wolf in the cave, and set the Watcher in his hand, and there they both sleep who are friends at last, the Iiily and the Wolf together. Ah ! when shall there be such another man and such another maid ? At lengLli oti tho tJiirJ ci..y TTmslonotraas spoke asking for Nada, I pointed to the earth, and ho remembered and understood. Thereafter the strength of Umslopogias gathered on him slowly, and the hole in his skull skinned over. But now his hair was grizzled, and he scarcely smi'ed again, but grew even more grim and stern than he had been before. Soon we learned all the truth as to Zinita, for the women and children came back to tho town of the People of tho Axe, only Zinita and the children of Umslopogaas did not come back. Also a spy reached me from the Mahlabatine and told we of tho end of Zinita and of the flight of Dingaan before £h§ Boers, Now when Umslopogaas had recovered, } asked him what he would do, and whether or not I should pursue my plots to make him king of the land. But Umslopogaas shook his head, saying that he had no heart that way. He would destroy a king indeed, but now he no longer desired to be a king. He sought revenge alone. I said that it was well, I also sought vengeance, and spekipg together we would find it: Now, my father, there is much niopo to tell, but shall I tell it? The snow had melted, your cattle have been found wherel told you they should be,and you wish to be gone. And I also I would be gone upon a longer journey. . Listen, my father, I will be short. This cajne into my mind; to play off Panda against Dingag.11j it was for such an hour of need that I had saypd Panda alive. After the battle of the Bl.ood Ilivor. Dingaan sum moned Panda to a hunt. Th.en ft iyas that I journeyed to the kraal of Panda ,oij thp Lower Tugela, and with me' Umslopogaas. f warned Panda that he should not go to this hunt, for he was the game himself, but that he should rather fly into Natal and all his people. He did so, and then I opened talk with the Beers, and more especially with that Boer who was mimed Ungalunkulu, or Great Arm. I showed the Boer that Din gaan was wicked and not to be believed, but Panda was faithful an 1 good. Thp end of it was that the Boers and Panda made war to gether on Dingaan. Yes, I made that war .that >v.o might be revepced on Dingaan. Thus, my father, do little things Jead to great. Were we at the big fight, the battle of Matrongo 1 Yes, my father; we were there. When Dingaan's people drove us back, and all seemed lost, it was I who put into.the mind of Nougalaza, the general, to presenct to direct the Boers where to attack, for the Amabqona stood out of that fight, leaving it to us black people. It was Umslopogaas who cut his was with Gi'oan-Maker through a wing of one of Dingaan's regiments till he came to the Boer captain Ungalunkulu, and shouted to him totnrn the flank of Dingaan. That finished it, my father, for they feared to stand against us both, the white and the blacks together. They fled and wo followed and slew, and Dingaan ceased to be a king. He ceased to bo a king, but ho still lived, and while he lived our vengeance was hungry. So we went to the Boer captain and to Panda, and spoke to them nicely, saying, ?' We have served you well, we have fought for you, and so ordered things that victory is yours. Now grant us this request, that ? we may follow Dingaan, who has fled into hiding, and kill him where ever we find him, for he has worked us wrong, and we would avenge it.' Then the white captain and Panda smiled and said, ' Go, children, and prosper in your search. No one thing shall please us more than to know that Dingaan is dead.' And they gave us men to go with us. Then we hunted that king week by week as men hunt a wounded bufl'alo. Wo hunted him to the jungles of the Umfolozi and through them. But he fled ever,, for he knew that the avengers of blood were on his spoor. After that for a while we lost. him. Then we heard that he had crossed 'he Pon golo with some of the people who yet clung to him. We followed him to the place Kwa Myawo, and there wo lay hid in the bush watching At last our chance came. Din gaan walked in the bush and with him two men only, We stabbed the men and seizod him. Dingaan looked on us and knew us, and his knees trembled with fear. Then I spoke 'What was that message which T sent- thee, O Dingaan, who art no more a king- that thou didst ill to drive me away, was it not 1 because 1 set thee on thy throne and I alone could hold thee there ? 3.9 made no answer, and I irent on .'I, Mopo, son o£, Makedama, sot thee on thy throne, 0 Dingaan, who wast a king, mid I, Mopo, have pulled theo down from thy throne. But my message did not end there But my message did not end there. It said that, ill as thou liadst done to drive me away, yet worse shouldst thou do to look upon my face again, for thit day should be thy day of doom.' Still he made no answer. Then Umslopo gaas spoke - 11 am that Slaughterer, 0 Dingaan, no more a king, whom thou didst send Slayers many and fierce to eat up at the kraal of the' People of the Axe. Where are the Slayers now, 0 Dingaan ? Before all is done thou shalt look upon them.1 'Kill me and make an end; it is your hour,' said Dingaan. ' Not yet awhile, 0 son of Senzangacona, answered Umslopogaas, ' and not here. There lived a certain woman very fair to see and she was named Nada the Lily. I was her husband, O Dingaan, and Mopo here, he was her father. But, alas ! she died, and sadly-she lingered three days and nights before she died. Thou shalt see the spot and hear the tale, O Dingaan. It will wring thy heart, which was ever tender. There lived certain children, born of a woman named Zinitn, little children, sweet and loving. I was their father, () Elephant in a pit, and a certain Dingaan flew them. Of them thou shalt hear also. Now nivay, for the path is far !' Two days went by, my father, and Din gaan sat bound and alone in the cave on Ghost Mountain. We had dragged him slowly up the mountain, for he was heavy as an ox. Three men pushing at him and three pulling ata cord about his middle,we dragged him up, staying now and again to show him the bones of those whom lie had sent out to kill us, and telling him the tale of that light. Now at length we were in the cave and I sent away those who were with us, for we wished to be alone with Dingaan at the last. He sat down on the floor of the cave, and I told him that beneath the earth on which lie sat lay the bones of that Nad a whom he murdered rind the bones of Galazi the >\ olf. Then we rolled the stone down the mouth of the cave and left him with the ghost of Galazi and the ghost of Nada. On the third day before the,daivn we came again avid looked on him. 'Slay me,' lie said, 1 for the ghosts tor ment mo!' . 1 No longer art thou great, O shadow ot a king,' I said, ' who nSw dost trembler before two Ghosts out of all tlie thousands thou hast made. Say,then, how shall it fare with thee presently when. th"U art of their num ber V flow Dingaan prayed for mercy. ' Mercy, thou hynjna !' 1 answered, ' thou prayest for mercy who showed none to any . Give me back my daughter. Give this man back his wife and children; then we will talk of mercy. Come forth, coward, and die the death of cowards. So, my father, we dragged him out, groan ing, to the cleft that is above in the breast of the old Stons Witch,that cleft where. Galazi had found the bones. There we stood, wait in" for the moment of the dav/n, that hour when Nada had died. Then we cried her name into his ears and the names of tho children of Uinslopogaas, and cast him into the cleft. That was the end of Dingaan, my father Dingiyin, who had the fierce heart of Cliaka without its greatness. CHAPTER XXXYI. Moi'o Emm HIS Tami. That is tho tale of Nada the Lily, my father, and of how we avenged her. A sad tale -yes, a sad tale ; but all was sad in those days. It was cthurwise afterwards, when Panda reigned, for Panda was a man of peace. There is little more to teli. I left the land where I could stay no longer who had brought about the deaths of two kings, and caivtiThere to Natal to livo near where the kraal D,uguaa ttneg ])ad stood. _ The l.ones of Dingaan iis they lay in tho "cleft were the last things vny ayes for after that I tinned blind, and saw the 'sun no more, nor any light-why I do not know, perhaps from too much weeping, my father. So I changed my name, lest a spear might reach the lieart that had planned the deatti of two kings and a prince- Chaka, Dmgaan, and Uiiihlnn»alia of the blood royal. Silently and by night Uinslopogaas, my fosterling, led me across the border, apa brought me hero to Stanger ; i*n<l here as an old witch doctor I have lived for many, yuivvR. I am rioh. UiW"yo«ni>B oravotl back from Panda tho cattle of which Din gaan had robbed me, and drove them hither. J3ut none were here' who had lived in tlio kraal Dngusn, none knew, in Zweete the blind old Vitp|irdoptor, that Mopo who slew Obaka, the Lion ot' the ^»'n- None know it now. You have heard the tale, ijpd you alone, my father. Do not tell it till I dead. , Uinslopogaas 1 Yes he went back to the Peoplo of the Axe and ruled them, but they were never so strong »^ain us they had been before they amoto the Halakazi in their ewes. Panda let him be and liked him well, for Panda did not know tint tho Slaughterer was aim to Chaka his brother, and Ums.opo rraas let that flog lie, for when Nr.da died ho lost his desire to fee great. Yet _ he became captain of the Nkomabakosi recipient, and fought in many battles, doing mighty deeds, and stood by Umbulazi, son of Panda, in the great fray on the Tugela, when Cetewnyo slew his brother Umbulazi. After that he also plotted against Cetewayo whom he hated, and had it not been for a certain whito man, a hunter named Macuma z*hn. Umslopogaas would have been killed. But tho whit? piap saved him by his wit. Yes, and at times he paroe fo !'iej *or h& still loved me as of old ; but now lie lias fled north, and I shall hear his yoicB no more Nay, I do not know all the tale; there is a woman in it. Women were everthe bane of Uinslopogaas, my fosterling. I forget tho story of that woman, for I remember only these tilings that happened long ago, before I crew very old. Look on this hand, my father ! I cannot sop it now ; and ye I Mopo, son of Mal5e" dajna, spein to see it as once I saw, red with the blood of two king!?- Look o11-- . Suddenly the nged man ceased, to head fell forward on' to his withered breast. When the White Man to whom he told this story lifted it and looked at him, he was dead! THE END. 