Footligiit Flashes. THE WALTER 1JKNTLEY SEASON. 'Hamlet' at the Garrick. , JinS. BEUXAWMIEEUE AT THE ItOYATi. ' An Artlstlo Triumph. UST SIGHTS OP TnE B. AND B. SEASON. Two Sow Pieces To- ulgUt, ' Fedora ' aud ' Engaged.' Last Nights of ' Little Jack Slicpparil '— ' Ilamloluh tlio lteckless' on Snturduy —Bllllo Barlow's Denellt— Frunk Smith's Kutertnlnnieut at the Alhambra— And tlio Latest Theatrical Sews nud Gossip. Thoro was a laree and cordial audionco at tho Garriok Thimtro on Saturday last, when Jlr. Wnltor Uentloy commenced his soason with tho production of ' llamlut.' Hu cannot bo other than satisfied with tho heartiness of his recoption or tho warmth of tho demonstra tion disnlavfd throughout tho plav. In appearance, Mr. Bentloy is tall, wolUormod, with a decidedly intellectual face, and ho dressed tho part perfectly. The version which Air. Uentloy pnt before us, is in some respects original, r.ml so altered as to mako tho play terminate at a reasonable hour ; the principal omifsiou beintf that of tho Bloomy Grat scene of Act I. This allows tho play to commence with a bright scene-that of tho Throne-room in tho Custlo. Wo can not bnt think tho omissions mentioned are an improvement. Mr. Jientlov in somo of tho leading cities of New Zealand omitted tho im portant scene where tho King is discovered in prayer, and in which Hamlet, soekiuijrovenjro, has an opportunity which he ne^locts to take advantage of. Hero this in included, and riirbtly ho, for it id important, as thov/insr the irresolution in Hiunlet's character. Mr. Uent loy shows us Hamlet as out- simply fuigniiiB madness, and whoso madness has method in it, and who is acting with a purpose. Several of the famous speeches .were splendidly (liven. Ho deliverrd tho liues. ' The time is out of joint ? O cursed spite— That ovor I was born to set it right,' with telling effect. Again tho words, 'Tho play's tlio thing wherein I'll touch tho conscience of tho ICiue ' wera so forcibly given as to rouse tho audience to enthusiasm. Tho famous lines, ' To be, or not to bo,' wexo uttered with subdued passion. In tho play scono Mr. Uuntley wan, perhaps, at his best, anil the audionco ap plauded him heartily, although the meeting of Hamlot with his father's spirit, the scene with Ophelia (really well done) and that in which he denounces tho murderer to tho Queen, wcro well and powerfully given. His advice to the uu'd hero Mr. Buntley was by comparison the least effective. Tho termination of the play given' here before, differed in several rcspeoti. He assists tlio cffeotivonesR of tlm play by repeating tlio speech with the nctor. but the eudmff, although it may irivo heightened dramatic enV'.t, causes of tho lines are unheard, tiie' King and the whole of the assembled company taking to headlong flight, and is a nnnewlmt original departure. Alt/igctlwr, Mr. lleutlev's Hamlet is r.porform!inoetlmtm--iue.itioniiblyinorit«iimch praise. Tliu support accorded, taken right through, was adequate and strong so far as the principals are concerned. Mr. Ireland was nn efficient King, and played with earnestness. Miss Laura llansen, who appears as Ophelia, has a good stage presence, bnt achieved only due?OtoC™ervousnesa.' ''siilT'is hardl/'stroilg enough for the part. Miss Watt-Tanner put in admirable work as tho Queen, but Miss Grace Hamilton had not a true grasp of tho part of Osric. Howover, it must be said that tho part is a very trying, if small one to p!av, nrnl Miss Hamilton did as- well an many who have essayed it. Again, ehu wan haudicapped by tho extraordinary costume r.llottcd her. This, however, was wisely altered on Monday. One of tho very best .characters was tho l'olonin*of Mr. Lnchlan M'Goivau, who may bo heartily congratulated on his really sound ™rk. Mr. H. K. Roberta looked well as Laertes, and Mr. Harry Hill guvc a fairly creditable account of hiinsolf as Horatio. The grave-diif.'er of Mr. W. F. CTithern-.v was a good performance, and Mr. William South was well placed as 'the ghost of Hnmlcfa father. Miss May Ellis, as tho plnyor Queen, and tho remainder of tho cast were fully up to tho requirements of the case. The piece went smoothly, ami as beforemen tioned, the applause bestowed on Mr. Buntley and tho other principals was given with a lavish hand. ' Hamlet,' which again went woll on Monday and Tuesday, will be staged till Friday, and on Saturday Mr. Bontley will produce ' David Garrick.' * ' » ' ' * - ? - Tho Bernard -Beero season at the JJoyal is unquestionably an artistic succosa. ' Masks and Faces' replaced ' As in a Looking Glass' this day week, and in tho latn Tom Taylor and Charles Keado'n comedy the com pany liavo shown to very great advantage. Mrs. Boero undeniably- made a very great im pression as Fog AVoffington. anil wo greatly doubt if the character has over beou better roprosonted in -Sydney, much as wo liked tho impersonation of tho character by JlisH Janet Achurch a twelvemonth ago at the Oarrick. Another fino performance was tho Triplet of Mr. Herbert Standing, whoso mako up was wonderfully good and clever. To-night, Sardou's great play ' Fedora ' will bo pro duced. Mrs. Bernard Boero is tho original English representative of tjio title role, having created the part and played it for two con lecutivo. seasons at tho London Haymarkot, where sho took tho play-going world by storm. It is admittedly Mrs. Beore a greatest part, and thoatro-goors will watch to-night's performance with tho deepest interest. We had tho good fortune to see Mrs. Beero play this character in 1830, when sho scored a voritable triumph. Tho great tragedienne will ho supported by tho full strength of her company, and tho picoo will bo mounted in a lavish manner. Tho Royal should bo packed from floor to coiling. 'Little Jack Shoppard' has but throo moro nights to run at Her Majesty's Theatro, and on Saturday next ' -Randolph tho Reckless Vp to Dato ' will commences tho final woek of tho Billio Barlow season. Tho run of that favorite burlesquo ' Little Jaok,' has boon extraordinarily successful, although whon ono comes to consider tho way tho pioco is, and has beon put on, and tho namo and fame of the principal artists, it is not to bo wondored at. Toddy Hoyco appeared for tho last time as Blnoskin last night, and this evening tho veteran rotires, and Mr, Harry shino' resumes his plaoo in tlio casi. As be foro-montioned, '.Randolph the Bookless' is to bo staged on Saturday noxt. It is a bur lesauo in whioh we are give', to' understand Miss Barlow appoars at hor best, and hor best is particularly hard to beat, and is woll known by this tiu.o. T». innidoutal nmsiu i« bright and lively, the choruses notably ho. It is a uiecu that should catch on. Or. Friday next Billio U. tukos a benoIU, and boing an immenso favorite is suro of a bumper houso. Sho will sing ' Tho Suldior' by spooial re quest. This will satisfy hor admirers ill tho gallory who clamor for it nightly. '- ? # ' # ? , . At tho Criterion to-night '.' Tho Country Girl' will bo roplacod by ' Engaged,', a tbroa-nat faroical oomody by W. S. Gilbort. It can k-afoly bo said that no produotiou at tho Criterion for many a long day past has boon inoro genuinely successful than ' Tho Country Girl.' Splendidly mounted and admirably acted by (ivory member of tho oast, it was an artistic triumph. ' Kngagod ' is to bo staged for tho first timo by this company. Mr. Bouoicault will appear as Bolvawnoy, with Mr. Tithoradgo us Cheviot Hill, Mr. I'uroy Lyndal as Angus M'Alister, Miss Knmia Tomplo us Belinda, Miss Brouda Gibson as Maggio, and Miss Hnttio Browne as Minuio. Misa Homer and Mr. Lawrence also luivo* important parts, viz., Mrs. M'Fiu-liuie, and Mr. Symporsoii. Miss Paltio Browno and Mr. Purcy Lyndal probably make their final nppearancoa at tho Criterion, or in fact any Australian tlioatro, at all ovonts for some considerable timo, as thoy aro about to dopart for London'. Mr. Lyudul will return to the groat metropolis a bettor actor than whon ho loft, and Miss Browne, wo fool sure, has u great caroor boforo her in Euglaud. Sho will liavo a wider field for her talent, and cannot well do other thau nuceeod. Wo believe sho will sail by the Ophir, aud sho will carry with hor tho hoarliost good wishes of tho theatre-going public, with whom sho is an unmonso favorite The last nine nights of tho B. nud B. season nro announced, nud during this timo tho Criterion should hu packed nightly. Thoro should bo a very largo Louse to witness ' Engaged ' tonight. Messrs. ,T. C. Williamson and Goorgo Mus grovo arrived in Sydney bv tho express from Melbourno on Friday last, Air. Musgrove, who looks particularly well after his trip, has como to confer with Mr. Goodman about futuvo urrangomonts at tho Itoyal, and will Boon bo off again to London. Mr. .1. C. Williamson came to malco all neeossary iu rangoments for tho Koyal Comic Opora soason at Hor Majesty's Theatre, whioh com mences on tho lSth inst. with ' LaCigalo.' Tho season will ho of twolvo weeks duration, and eight or moro pieces aro to bo staged, including ' Mnrjorio ' and ' Tho Merry Monaroh.' Tho oporas will bo performed under Air. Henry Bracey's direction. In addition to old favorites, a number of new artists will bo introduced, including Miss Marie Halton, who played tho namo part for somo months at tho Lyric Theatre, London ; Air. Georgo Lauri, an American comedian ; Mr. Allan Alorris, a now baritone. Mr. J. C. Williamson will mako bis reappearance in comic opera in tho now pieco, after an interval of nearly ten yoars. Goorgo Itignold and Company aro still doing a good business at Adelaide with ' Now-a-Dnys.' A local critic says :-' M r. William KiRiiold is never out of touch with bis audience. There is a sympathy between ono and the other from first to last. Jack Snxtoii is n- intiu 01 ninny moods, untf vot so powerful is Mr. Kignold's interpretation, that whother ho is blustering about his money or cryintr over his returned son, he holds us in complote sway. Ho possesses tho art which thoroughly conceals art. Whilo ho is on tho stago no ono thinks of William Kignold. Jack Saxton, tho irascible, yot kind-hearted old Yorkshiroman, lives before us. It is not employing tho languago of hyperbole to say that no finer stago portrait thau that of Jack Saxton has over beou prosented in Adohudo. It is unicjuo because it is perfect. Wheu Mr. Kignold is on the stage you liavo eyes for no ono olse \ whon ho is off you want to go out for a drink. The mombers of tho company struggle gamoly to play up to tho star, but they como in a very bud last.' Tho Tnylor-Carringtoii Compnnyaroin thoir last nights at tho Gaiety Treat™. Brisbane, wboro 'Called Back' and 'The Colleen Bawn ' havo been produced. They journey North on tour. Harry Tiickards and Company open at the Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane, on Juno 11. They leave to-day per Wodonga for tho uorthorn capital. Tho Alelbonrno Artaus says, ' The novol idea ot giving sacred concerts in a city hall is mooting with considerable succors nt tho Rotunda.' As tho hall was packed tho suc cess was apparently more than considerable. ? * * Jeromo Iv. »Teromo's farcical comedy ' jSTew Lamps for Old' was staged for tho first timo in Australia at the Molbourno Bijou on Saturday. Tho piece owed not a little of its success to tho general excellence of tho act ing. Air. Brough scored a great hit as Algernon I'ostlothwaito. The pieco is described as '* a clover tissue of nonsense, with a thread of serious purposo running through it; the serious purpose being to dis credit by exhibiting in practical operation the theories of Ibsen and Airs. Mona Cnird with respect. to the conjugal relation or tho sexes, the failure of marriage as an institution, and tho reasons which are held sufficient bv tho pretty idiots of tho Nora Jlelmer type to justify a sudden and impulsive rupturo of the nuptial bond.' Air. Bland Holt produced 'Master nnd Man ' at tho Melbourno Koyal on Saturday beforo a crowded house. Mr. Charles Glennoy hasbocomo as great n favorito in tho Vic torian capital as in Sydney. On Saturday evening Mr. Alfred Dampior staged ' HeiyOno Another' attho Melbourne Alexandra. ?— W « * ? There was an overflowing audionoe at tho Melbourno Town Hall on Saturday at tho fourth Foli concort. * ? o ? At tho Alolbourne Opera House ' Faust Up to Dato' is attracting large audiences. On Saturday Air. Lonnen sang ' Killaloo ' in placo of ' Kuniscorthy.' Ho also obliged with ' Ta-ra-ra-boom-do-av,'1' dressed in a costume similar to that worn by Miss Alice Leainar. ' Joan of Aro ' will bo staged on the 18th. Miss Maggio Moore and her dramatic com pany, who have had an exceptionally success ful career in the north, returned to Brisbane and left again for Nowcustlo, playing at Ipswich, Toowoomba, Tamworth, Armidale, aud Singleton en route. Miss Maggio Atooro's reception at Townsyillo and Charters Towers was particularly gratifying. Among tho plays produced was ' Struck Oil,' with which Miss Maggio Aloore's nanio has for years been almost inseparably connected, nnd in which this lady has scored ninny a success. Air. John Fordo wa3 also heartily appreciated iu tho north. 'Bluotail Fly' Billy Barlow had ap peared at Feilding, Marton, Huntervillo, and Wanganui when last hoard of. Ho is received everrwhoro with wonder, for ho is about throc-scoro nud ton yoars of uge. Tho Montaguo-Turncr Opera Company havo closed tho Auckland season (says a New Zealand oxohuugo), which was' a. financial and artistic success. Thoy played for threo nights at the Thames, and tlion left for tho south. Wook after woek. Air. Frank Smith puts on a really admirable bill at his hall iu the Haymarket, and affairs aro certainly booming. Ho has collected together a host of good and clover peoplo, good vocalists, funny eudmeu, variety peoplo, who in thoir owu special lino want a lot of beating, and the public haro at last fully recognised this. Tho Alhambra is woll worth visiting. Tho Becond production of Pollard's Lilipil tion Opera Company, 'The Mikado,'1 has been a tremendous success at Adolnide. Crowded houses havo been tbo rnlo, and tho season cannot avoid boing profitable to tho management. , ?'.-?? ? In future tho Sunday evening conoorts at tbo Koyal Standard Thealro will bo undor the superintendence of Mr. Larmour, of Coogoo. Tho best talent only will bo engaged. Professor Simon, with his ' gralid prizo nnd gift presentation 'ontortainmont, was at the Town Hall, West Maitland, last week. * ? ? ' ? The Frinooss Comic Opora Company was at West Maitland last wook. Tho final produc tion was 'Falka.' m ? . ? - Miss Janet Achurch has taken tho London Arenuo Theatre until Christmas next. Miss Jennie Lee, who is identified with io many nucootaful performance! of ' Jo,' it to ho tondorod a farowollbenofi tat tho Molbourno I'rinooss' Tlioatro on Saturday atteriioon noxt. A very altraotivo programme is boing ar ranged, and nearly evory theatrical artist iu Melbourno has offered to assist. Whon hist heard of tho Wilson-Forbos Dramatio Company was at tho Albert Hall, Bourko. ' Hold bv tho Enemy,' ' Sontenoed to Doath,' and 'Frit/. ' drew big houses. Miss Virginia Vivieuno is with tho company. From The Times ov Ceylon wo see that Frank Browu'u oirous had just arrlvod at Colombo from South Afrioa. Mr. Bort Willisou is tho oirous manager, ? ? ? ? ' Iolantho ' was prodnood at Brisbano Opora Houso, on Friday, by J. C. Williamson's Itoyal Comio Opora Company. Tho company so far havo had a succoHsful ueasou. ? . * ? Tho London Fro.uio says tho Krogstadt (in 'A Doll's Houao') of Mr. Horbert Fltfinming is admirable. ? ? ? . Tllb iLLnSTIUTED SPORTINO AND DiUM -vile News to hand by tho Inst mail contains a front page portrait of Nellie Stowart. Miss Blanche Lewis will take a leading part in Air. Georgo Kignold's productions in Mol bourno. Air. Cosgrove will also appear with this company. 