Current News. BY TELEGRAPH AND OTHERWISE. A cablegram has been received in Brisbane from Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith at Madras, report ing " All well." The only death in the Ipswich Asylum for tiie insane during the week ending the 10th Instant was that of Catherine Smith, late of Brisbane, aged 42 years, of heart disease. Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Go. are issuing a neat diary and blotting pad as a reminder to their customers that their building, lately de stroyed by fire, has now been re- ereoted. The Hon. M. H. Moreton, private seoretary to the Administrator of British New Guinea, who has recovered from his recent indisposi tion, left Brisbane on Monday by the R.M.S. India en route for Thursday Island. The Railway Commissioners have received Information that a storm occurred at Forrest Hill Railway' Station on Sunday evening, during which thirty-three sheets of iron were blown off the goods-shed and also some of the roofing off ihe cottage. One sheet of iron out the tele graph wire. Sub-inspector Graham, of Normanton, wired to the Commissioner of Police on the 14th in stant, stating tbat tho body of a man, whose name could not be ascertained, had been found in the bush nine miles from Fiery Downs station, in the Burketown district. A constable has been despatched to make inquiries. Warden Gongh, of Rockhampton, wired to the Minister for Mines on Wednesday, stating that a miner named Samuel Wherry reports finding payable alluvial gold near Mount Wheeler, on the Cawarral goldfield. Twelve oiaims have already been pegged out. It goes fro n 2dwt. to Bdwt. to the cradle of eight buokets. Probates ot tbe following estates have been granted: — James M'Anallen, labourer, of Ipswich, to Annie M'Anallen, widow, and Jno. M'Grath, licensed victualler, both of Ipswich, personalty £1722; Henry Stephen Hill, gentle man, of Gympie, to Janet M. Hill, widow, of Gympie, William Widdop, of Albion, gentle man, and John Ellis, of Tiaro, near Mary borough, gentleman, realty and personalty £1027. The Chief Commissioner of Stamps (Mr. Hugh Milman) has drawn the attention of the Under Colonial Secretary to the loose way in whioh doouments are constantly witnessed by magistrates. The attestation clause reads: " Signed on the day above named by the said, #c," but in many eases no date whatever is filled in. Where a penalty of £50 attaches for aegleot to stamp within thirty days the omission of a date is a matter of great importance. Alderman J. Harris, one of the oldest and most widely known residents in the distriot, ex pired at his residence, Denmark Hill, yesterday week (says onr Ipswioh correspondent). The deceased gentleman was nearly 60 years of age, and leaves a widow and ten children, nearly all of whom are grown np. He came to this distriot about forty years ago, and has been residing here ever since. He has been ill for some months past, the immediate cause of death being dropsy of tbe heart. The Under Secretary for Lands has reoeived information that the sale by auction of lands on the resumed portion of the Maneroo ran in the county of Cumberland took plaoe on the 90th instant at Longreaoh. Fifty thousand acres of grazing lands in 160 lots were offered. The area sold was 88,000 acres, which realised £19,000. The terms at whioh the majority of the lots were sold were one-fourth oash and the balance in three equal instalments at twelve, twenty-four, and thirty-six months, without interest. The lots unsold are open for seleotion for six months by purchase at 10s. per aore, the upset prioe. The following persons have been adjudicated insolvent during the week:—Martin Kelly, of Toowoomba, carrier; Geo. Quainton, of Too woomba, labourer (on the petition of T. M. Hall, trustee in the estate of J. P. M'Leish and Co., of Toowoomba and Charleville); J. W. Green, of Brisbane, clerk (on the petition of the Metropolitan Bank and Building Sooiety); P. St. John nnd J. Wilkinson, theatrical mana gers ; H. Sprenger, of Brisbane, bricklayer; A. B. Jones, late of Nive Junction, near Charle ville, grazier; J. M. Maokenzie, miner, of Croydon; Janet Murray, of Maryborough, hotel-keeper; Malcolm M'Colm, of Warwick, farmer; Heinrioh Wilhelm Nicholas Kirobner, of Brisbane, Blipper-upper maker; and George Dwel, of South Brisbane, labourer. Tbe annual general examinations for teachers and Grammar Sohool scholarships were com menced at 9.30 a.m. on Tuesday at Brisbane and thirty-seven other examining centres through out the colony simultaneously. In the teachers' examinations there are 235 male and 293 female candidates for the various grades, making a total of 528. For Grammar School scholarships there are 203 male and 116 female competitors, or a total of 810\. At Brisbane there are three examining centres—namely, the Central Boys' Sohool in chargo ot Mr Came, the Central Girls' Sohool nnder Mr. M'Groarty.and the Leichhardt-street School under Mr. Shirley. There are in all 329 examinees, and of these 107 males and 58 females are competitors for Grammar School scholar ships, and 67 males and 97 females are for teachers of various grades. At the Boys' School there are 130 examinees, at the Girls' Sohool 131, and at Leiohhardt-street School 68. The following deaths occurred in the Bris bane Hospital on the dates mentioned:—Maria Christina Andersen, 42 years of age, admitted 25th November, died 27th November; Joseph Parkes, 58, admitted 22nd Ootober, died 29th November; Arthur John Phillips, 30, admitted 28th November, died Ist December; Eliza Bloomer, 29, admitted 30th November, died Ist December; William Muir, 49, admitted 24th November, died 2nd Deoember; Nicholas Frederick Peiit, 36, admitted sth December, died sth Deoember; Harry, South Sea Islander, 32, admitted 30th July, died 6th December; Susan Hollindale, 29, admitted 24th Novem ber, died 6th December; Robert Caveen, 61, admitted 4th June, died 11th December; Ambrymm Timmy, South Sea Islander, 30, admitted 30th Novembor, died 12th December; Margaret Trueman, 51, admitted 4th Decem ber, died 17th December. At a meeting of the Cabinet on Wednesday it was deoided to appoint the Hon. B. B. Moreton a member of the Central Board of Health, in the room of the late Mr. John Petrie. Mr. H. Friend, Brands Inspector, wired to the Chief Inspector of Stook on Wednesday that at 9 o'clock on Tuesday night the steamer Clon curry sailed from Gladstone with 450 bullooks free from disease, for New Caledonia. The Portmaster received a wire on Tuesday from the Harbour-master at Bowen to the effect that a portion of a large wooden vessel had been washed ashore at Abbott Point, and that it had evidently drifted there from the Great Barrier. Further particulars have been posted to the Marine Board. The limits of the harbours of Brisbane, Maryborough, Bundaberg, Port Curtis, Rook hampton, St. Lawrence, Maokay, Bowen, Townsville, Dungeness, Geraldton, Cairns, Port Douglas, Cooktown, Port Kennedy, Normanton, and Burketown, were defined in Saturday's "Government Gazette," in accordance with the Harbour Dues Act of 1892. At the weekly meeting of the Marine Board of Queensland held on Tuesday, a third-class engineer's certificate of competency was granted to George Watts. A license to take oharge of the steamer Pioneer at the port of Townsville was granted to E. F. Wren, and C. Stuart's pilotage exemption certificate was extended to Bundaberg, that of S. Denton to Townsville, and of C. Seaborgs to Bouthport and the South Passage, Moreton Island. The Central Separation League have pre pared a document, addressed to Lord Ripon, Seoretary of State for the Colonies, giving a resume of the separation movement from its inoeption, and recapitulating reasons in its favour. It has been signed by sixty-four offioers of the league. This document has been presented by Mr. John Murray, member for Normanby, to his Excellency the Governor, who promised to forward it to Lord Ripon. Henry Monteith, at present a clerk in the Harbours and Rivers Department, ia to be transferred to the Stamp Office. This change has been necessitated by the inorease of work in that office nnder tbe Succession Duties Aot. Edward Hobson, olerk in the Customs Depart ment, Brisbane, has been appointed seoond officer at the Border Customs, Wooroorooka. He will be suoeeeded at Brisbane by J. W. Wood. W. M. B. Houston has been appointed clerk and tidewaiter at Geraldton. A petition was reoeived yesterday by the Postmaster-General from miners and residents of Oastleton and the surrounding distriot pray ing that tbeir distriot may be connected with the telegraph system of the oolony. The route Eroposed is via a line connecting the Richmond •owns with Georgetown, passing through Woolgar, Gilberton, Mount Morgan, Percy River, Oakey Creek, Goldsmith Creek, Castle ton, Charleston, and Donnybrook, all mining oentres, a distance of over 800 miles. The distance from Bichmond Downs to Woolgar is abont 92 miles, and from Woolgar to George town, via the place named, would be abont 225 miles. H.M.S. Paluma arrived at Brisbane on Wed nesday from Thursday Island after an absenoe from this port of nearly six months. She has been engaged surveying the waters of the North extending for about forty miles along the coast, whioh work she has almost completed. Tbe vessel has had a fairly rough experience, and her engipes -worked without a hitch until the steamer was a short distance from Woody Island, when the boiler tabes burst. The Paluma will probably go Into dock in a week or two, when she will receive a thorough over hauling, after whioh it is expeoted she will leave for Sydney, where she will remain for a few months prior to her resuming survey work in North Queensland waters. Daring the vessel's recent absenoe from Brisbane Cap tain Pirie reoeived promotion from first lieu tenant to oommander. The Ipswioh Cotton Company have this week manufactured tbe first length of calico. The Bample shown ns by Mr. D. Jones is un bleached, is of fine texture and exoellent quality, and there is a total absenoe of the elements of adulteration so often found in imported calico. One of the great advantages of the looal artiole is that the cotton being grown here and freshly picked, the strength of the calico is guaranteed; and if all is loomed in the same way as the specimen turned ont this week the Ipswioh Company Bhould largely assist in breaking down the prejudice against the products of colonial industries. Nearly 170 yards of oalico are now ready for sale. We under stand the supply of cotton is plentiful, the oompany having sufficient to keep them going for twelve months, and a quantity for sale in the Southern oolonies. The debentures of the oompany have been going off steadily, and close npon £4000 worth have been placed up to date ; there is every reason to believe that the re mainder will soon find purchasers. A Springsure correspondent sends ns the following:—Mr. J. B. White, P.M. of Spring sure, being about to remove to Boulia, the resi dents of Springsure and Emerald met on the eve of his departure (9 th instant) to give him a "sendoff." Mr. B. C. Forrest, of Marmadilla, chairman of the Bauhinia Divisional Board, pro- Bided. After tho usual loyal toast bad been honoured that of " Our Gnest," Mr. J. B. White, was given, and drunk with musical honours. A beautifully illuminated address was then presented to Mr. White, in which was placed on record the high esteem in which the recipient wa3 held by the residents of Spring sure and neighbourhood. Mr. White in responding said it was very gratifying to know that in oudeavoaring to do his work as a pnblio officer his conduct had met with the approval of the public. His maxim was and always would be to do his duty " straight" without fear or favour. Letters were read by Mr. D. Freeman from Messrs. Foote and Sons, S. Hinton, F. H. B. Turner, J. C. Ford, J. Shann, and other gentlemen who were unable to be present on account of distance, all expressing the high esteem in which they held Mr. White. The health of Mr. C. A. Collard, Mr. White's successor, was drunk, and that gentleman was heartily welcomed to tho district. Two or three hours wore spent in a most enjoyable manner, songs and reoitations filling up the evening pleasantly. The tender of James Brady, £269 10s. time, two months, for the conversion of the old Custom-house, Townsville, into a Real Property and Stamp Office, has been acoepted by the Works Department. We have received from the Surveyor- General copies of the map of Queensland illustrating the lines of railway for the construction of which tbe Government is prepared to receive tendere under the Railways Construction (Land Subsidy) Aot of 1892. The portmoster made an inspection of the South Passage a few days ago, and found that the depth of water on the bar had considerably diminished, so much so that only lift, of water at low spring tides could be depended upon. There are, however, indications of a channel forming between the North Break and the main land of Moreton Island. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders ot the Metropolitan Tramway and Invest ment Company, Limited, was held at the offices, Roma-street, on Wednesday. Mr. T. E. White occupied the chair, and the attendance was small. The report of the directors and the balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. Jenkin Collier, of Melbourne, was re-elected a director of the company. The Christmas and New Tear number of Queensland Punch was issued on Tuesday. The prinoipal features are an old-fashioned ghost story, and " Leichhardt's Last Camp," by the well-known writer Dramingo; and Punch's " Christmas Chroniole," consisting of a series of short stories principally dealing with colonial life. The humorous scraps are bright, and will no doubt be fully appreciated in the coming holiday time. Tbe following are the rates at which engage ments have been made during tbe current week at Marsh's Agenoy, Brisbane:—Married couples, £70 to £60 per annum; governesses, £50 to £40 per annum; oooks (female), 255. to 15s. weekly; oooks and laundresses, 15s. to 125.; waitresses, 125.; house and parlourmaids, 12s. to 10s.; names 10s. to Bs.; nursery-housemaids, 9s. to 78.; nursegirlB,6s. to 55.; general servants, 15s. to 10s.; useful girls, Bs. to 75.; grooms and useful, 15s. to 125.; farm hands, 15s. to 125.; useful lads 10s. to 7s. The Poet and Telegraph Department have just issued a new map of Queensland showing the telegraph lines in red. The post and telegraph offloe*, telegraph and receiving offices, post offices only, telegraph offices only, reoeiving offices only, and official post offices are also indicated by distipetive marks. The mail routes, rail way lines open, and railway extensions under construction are shown by dotted lines. The map, which is in two sices, has been prepared by Mr. Bradford, and beautifully photo lithographed at the Survey Offloe. The larger map is in four portions, and the smaller one has been reduced from it. The portmaster has received several wires from Thursday Island reporting a sunken danger in the vicinity of the Proadfoot Shoal Lightship. The bearings given by the different senders of the telegrams vary in some degree, bat the portmaster is of opinion that the danger exists, and that the lightship should be retained in its present position. Instructions have been given for the steamer Albatross and two luggers to make a thorough search for the reported rook, and for that purpose the vessels proceeded to the vicinity on Thursday week. The intention is that they shall search for the danger for at least six days, unless discovered earlier. A notioe to manners has been pub lished, whioh calls attention to the bearings given of the supposed danger, and also to the retention of the Proadfoot lightship in its present position until farther notice. An extract from the Cloncurry Advocate of the 2nd instant has been published in Brisbane, stating that the telegraph station at Donaldson, on the Cloncurry-Normanton line, had been deserted owing to want of Water, and commenting adversely on the faot of the station having been fixed at that spot instead of at Dugald station. On inquiry we learn that the station was abandoned on the 23rd November, but was reopened on the 9th instant, as the water supply was replenished by a downpour of over 2 Jin. of rain. The station was established for repairing purposes, and not for the transaction of business. The distance from Donor's Hill, eighty-two miles, although great, could not be avoided, as the water at Donaldson was the nearest half-way supply between that station and Cloncurry. If the station had been fixed at Dugald Creek the distance from Donor's Hill would have been ninety-six miles, or nearly double the ordinary distance allowed for line repairers. The present mode of conveying parcels by post from Queensland to the various Dutch colonies and those of other Powers in the Malay Archipelago has long been regarded as an absurdity, and a sheer waste of time. Hitherto the mails have had to be taken to England and thenoe to Holland, whence they were conveyed to their destination. This method has entailed a great deal of unneces sary expense, and efforts have been made to induce the Netherlands India Government to facilitate the transmission of the parcels by re moving them from the British-India steamers at Batavia, and transferring them to the East going steamers, which would convey them to the places to whioh they are addressed. For some unforeseen reason, however, all negotia tions for accelerating the transit of the paroels in this manner have been unsuccessful, and the postal authorities have had to search for some other means whereby their end may be effected. The re sult is that arrangements have been entered into by the Queensland postal authorities and those of the other colonies for the transmission of parcels by post between Queensland and India and Singapore. It is proposed to con duct the service with India by means of the Queensland Royal Mail line of steamers via Aden. In order to send the parcels to Singa pore a transference is rendered necessary. They will be taken by the Eastern and Austra lian Shipping Company steamers from Bris bane to Port Darwin, where tbey will be placed on board the steamers running between Port Darwin and Singapore. The Railway Commissioners received an envelope containing Is. 6d. in penny stamps, without any indication as to whence they oame or what they were for. It is presumed they have been sent aB conscience money. The following have been adjudicated in solvent in the Northern Supreme Court:— Nicholas Bice, miner, Alfred Ginn, miner, Wm. Hy. Mann, all of Charters Towers; and Wm. Bice, miner, of Croydon. Petitions have been filed for the liquidation of the following estates: —Henry Probble, general storekeeper, of llosowood, trading as Henry Prebble and Co.; liabilities ££89 18b.: 7d.; Michael Robinson, builder and contractor, of Brisbane, liabilities £607 7s. Od. The following deaths occurred in the Dun wich Asylum during the week ending 10th inßtant:—William M'Phie, 55, native of In verness, Scotland; James Evans, 49, native oi. Colwyn, North Wales; John Pringle, 56, native of Edinburgh, Sootland; David Hodges, 69, native of Somersetshire, England. The Government Architect (Mr. Brady) left Brisbane on the 10th instant for Townsville, to make an inspection of the Governmenthuildings there, including the new gaol, which is ap proaching completion. On bis way back to Brisbane he will inspect the public building at Rookhampton and at Longreach. The steamer Tarshaw on her reoent fnp3 to the Tweed River, found 14ft. of water on the Southport bar, and nearly the same depth on the Tweed River bar. The present therefore appears the most favourable season for com munication between Brisbane and tbe Tweed River, as the South Passage, the Broadwater or Southport bar, and the Tweed River bar are now carrying exceptional depths of water. Of the 119 South Sea Island recruits whioh have been brought to Brisbane by the barque Empreza, 60 will go to Maokay, 43 to the Herbert River, and 15 to Mourilyan Harbour. The Government Medical Officer examined the boys, who are a bright healthy- looking lot, last week, and passed 118 of them, the remaining one it was found was suffering from consump tion. He will be taken back to the islands on the return voyage of tbe Empreza. Successful experiments have been made by the Portmaster (Captain Almond) with the American eight-day burner, of which we gave a short account some time ago. The Marine Board of South Australia have communicated with Captain Almond for particulars concern ing the benefits to be derived from the ase of suoh burners, with a view to substituting them for lights already in existence in South Aus tralia. Captain Almond in reply forwarded a favourable and exhaustive report, in which he detailed the results of his experiments with the burner. Rumours of Ministerial changes are being persistently circulated in the oity. It is very generally reported that Mr. Hodgkinson, Minister for Mines and Seoretary for Publio Instruction, is abont to sever his connection with the Government, and the names of Messrs. Barlow and A. Morgan are freely mentioned as those of gentlemen likely to join the Ministry in some capacity. Although there is probably foundation for some of these rumours, it is believed that nothing will be definitely deoided upon antil Sir S. W. Griffith returns from the North. It is certain, however, that no overtures have as yet been made to the last two gentlemen named or to any others. We are informed that a representative meet ing of the members of tbe Queensland Institute of Surveyors was held in the Masonio Hall on the 13t mnstant under the presidency of the Hon. A. C. Gregory, 0.M.G., who bad represented the surveying profession of this oolony at the late conference in Melbourne. After the ohair man had briefly explained the outcome of the conference as far as the profession was inte rested, it was determined to resuscitate the institute, and the meeting unanimously ap pointed the Hon. A. C. Gregory and Messrs. R. Austin and R. D. Graham respectively presi dent, treasurer, and secretary. It waa further resolved that the annual meeting of the insti tute should be held on the 29th instant, and aa questions of great moment and interest are to be diaoassed all surveyors, members, and non members are cordially invited toattend. A circular is being issued by the Queensland Protection League, stating tbat the tariff passed during last session has in several instances led to the initiation and development of industries, but that time must be allowed for its operation before the full benefit oan possibly be. felt. The circular continues: —'' It is there fore incumbent upon Protectionists to so direct their efforts that suoh opportunity may be afforded to the new tariff, and that any action having a tendency to disturb industries affected thereby may be prevented. We cannot shut onr eyes to the fact that a large seotion of the Queensland publio advocate a policy of absolute free-trade, oombined with a heavy laud tax, and has distinctly affirmed that, should a majority holding this opinion be returned to Parliament, such a polioy would be entered upon." On these premises the necessity of increasing and solidifying the Protectionist ranks is urged. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. Foxton, M.L.A., and Elwyn, waited on the Postmaster- General yesterday week and asked that a flood telegraph line might be erected from Texas to Inglewood, a distance of thirty-five miles, in order that timely warning of any floods at the heads ot the Dumaresq (Severn) and M'lntyre Rivers might be given, with a view to guarding againßt loss of life and property. Mr. Unmack said he could only treat them in the same way tbat the resi dents of Leyburn and Yandilla had been treated last year, when lines were erected on their guaranteeing the working expenses. If they would give a substantial guarantee in the shape ot a fixed deposit to cover the working expenses for three years he would endeavour to induce the Colonial Treasurer to grant the money for the construction of the line, as it was a matter of great importance. A system of flood telegraphs was introduced in 1889, when instructions were issued to all officers throughout the colony stationed at the heads of rivei-B that they were to advise all stations below them in the event of floods occurring, and notices of such floods were to be poßted outside Buch offices. 