Nora and Kathleen ; OR, The tabs of Kildare. CHAPTER III.— Continued. " Is the marriage legal V' he asked. . ' The Lady Kathleen'lifted her droop ing head with a thrill of reviving hope. The minister hesitated, then replied, in a distressed voice— r. "This is a terrible situation, my lord. I don't know what' relief the laws of England, of the Divorce Court, will yield her ladyship, but I am con strained to say that I believe this marriage to be legal." Alow, mocking laugh came, from tho strange bridegroom. That laugli aroused the tiger ip the breast of the cheated lord. Ho was tempted to spring'upon his enemy in a deadly assault, but- lie controlled ' his passion with a powerful effort, and addressed himself again to tho minister. " Does not the' fact, that this mis creant impersonated me invalidate the marriago?" lie asked, with- super-, natural calmness. "The lady had no intention of marrying . him, and-even the Scottish la\y. J Cannot : hold her bound." ; "I have never known a case just like this," said the minister j . " but marriages are valid when one of .the contracting parties conceals his or her, identity under an assumed name, the other party believing the name to be the true one. In this case we have a gross fraud, but I firmly believe her ladyship to be legally bound." /' " I do not," cried Lord Treshdin. "No law can uphold this fraud and deceit. The Lady Kathleen will' never drag this experience linked with her name into a divorce court." She re pudiates this fraudulent marriage. ' It- shall be as if ;ifc. had hot been..' We will take our places before the altar, and you shall marry us now——" " I cannot, ''interrupted the minister, with agitation. " I dare not, ray lord. The Lady Kathleen is already married. Let her seek justice at the proper tribunal. To marry again, ' with this marriage unannulled, would be to commit bigamy." Again thesinister bridegroom laughed mockingly. Lord Tresham turned abruptly upon his enemy, and for the first time looked at him . fuUy, keenly and squarely. -Until' this' moment he had boon so . absorbed . ' ill., the' w reck of- his happiness,-, and ' in - his. p>yh. and the Lady-. Kathleen's despair, as to pay but. little; heed .to. him whohad wrought all1' this misery. . But now he seemed to arouse, himself like ,-a lion''; from'- a tranco. \ ' The light- in the dim old/church was so faint and. gloomy that, lip coul.d not make . out . the . man's . ..features dis-' tlnctly%iBu.t 'he;;:?aw ;tha"k|ie..w,as. tall, and stoutly built, with a heavy, mas sive frame that seemed a perfect store house of strength. .Like Lord' Tresham, the man was attired in black. His face, seen indistinctly through the gloom, was not unlike that of the man lie had so foully personated. . Lord Tresham moved a step nearer to him, a passionate fury whitening his face and glowing fierily.in his eyes.. " This matter -is to be settled be tween you and me, then?". cried his lordship, fiercely. " We will not need to appeal tp the law. I will'iindertake to rid the -Lady Kathleen of- your claims " " Nothere !" interrupted theminister, in a panic. "Do not profane, the house of God by unseemly violence, Come with me to the manse, and- we will discuss the matter and see what can be done- Let me conduct you, my poor Lady Kathleen !" He gave his arm to tho Lady Kath leen, who clung to it, shrinking close to his side, and lie then led her from the church. Lord Trosham walked at Kathleen's other side, as one having the right. Close behind him came Mrs. Cowan, tho Lady Kathleen's maid, and the sinister man who had wrought so much evil. But once outside tho old church, and , beyond the church-yard, Lord Tresham halted abruptly on the moonlit sward PRIMROSE! CHILDREN'S DELIGHT, and faced his onomy with a face so white and stern and savage that tho Lady Kathleen also came to a halt, uttering a low cry of terror. Mrs. Cowan echoed the cry. " Thib is no place for you," said Mr. Cowan, addressing, his wife. " Go back to the manse, and take her lady ship's maid with you." Mrs. Cowan obeyed, and walked away, accompanied by; the Lady-Kath leen's maid. The chief actors in the little tragedy were thus left- to them selves. " Now, sir," cried Lord Tresham, fiercely, advancing a few steps nearer his enemy, " we will settle this matter. But first tell me who you are." His eyes fairly blazed as they scru tinised 'the face of Kathleen's bride groom. His lordship had been for three years her ladyship's constant suitor, and had known all her London friends. Yet he had never soon this man before. Her acquaintance witli him, he rapidly thought, must have been very secret or'of a remote date. His fierce gaze photographed the man's face upon his soul for over. It was an evilly handsome face, and as different from Lord Tresham's, now when plainly seen in the moon light, as darkness is different from light. . Except in the dark old church, under circumstances of peculiar, agita tion and anxiety, he could never havo passed himself off' as Lord Tresham. He was dark-browed, with black Hair; bold, black, eyes, a sallow complexion, and a sneering, sensual, wicked-look ing mouth, half hidden in a forest of black beard, which fell in shaggy lengths low on his breast. This beard he had carefully, tucked under the lapel of his coat when he entered the church ; but it had .now made its escape, constituting one. of his most prominent features. "If you wish to know who I am; iny lord," he said, " I have already told you that I am tho husband of the Jjady Kathleen Connor. If I had not been married to her to-night, but had simply appeared at .your bridal, my very presence must, have prevented your marriage with her. If you desire further information in regard to , mo, permit me to refer you to my charming bride.' Kathleen!" He spoke her name/imperiously. Something in his tones seemed to touch some hidden chord in her ladyship's soul. She started from Mr. Cowan's 'iirm, and looked up wildly, as she might have looked upon one who had risen from the grave.' , , 'INicol?' she faltered, recoiling several paces, her face whitening with .an awful horror. " Oh, heavens !, Nicol Bassantyne !" . "Nicol Bassantyne, at your service I" said her bridegroom, his evil face all aglow with exultation. " You seem surprised to see me, Kathleen 1", The Lady Kathleen- uttered a wail ing, anguished 'cry. " Alive !" she whispered. " I thought you were dead ! Oh, heaven, pity mo- 1" . . ... .-. . ... . She tottered back,- clinging to- the arm.- of the ministor-for support. Her; lovely face was, blanched.: to: .a- death jmjlor. " ;H'er blue - eyes wore full of a wild. horror: Lord Tresham forgot his own anguish and wrongs in her- utter misery. . " Don't take it so hard,- Kathleen," said Bassantyne; with a triumphant smile. " I might not have announced myself in this theat.rical manner, but I called on you at Kildare Castle, and was told that you were in.the garden! I-followed you out on tho rocks, and chanced to overhear Lord' Tresham's declaration of love and proposition for an immediate marriage. - I knew why- you dared not marry him openly, with all the pomp and glory of a fashion able wedding. You feared, in that case, that,, sohie ghost of the ; past would arise to confront you. There nreitwo. or: three to whom your secret is known, and you feared that they would hasten to reveal that secret to Lord Tresham, and so cover you with shame and ignominy ! You were right. The private marriage was the only one ' suitable to you. I. followed you. over here, intending to reveal myself. at tho proper momont, and stop your mar riage. Lord' Tresham's brief absence from .the church suggested a .better course. I took his place — with .what effect you have seen !" - \ He laughed softly to himself,7 gloat ing over his triumph and her an guish. There was a brief silence. Lord Tresham stood apart, strange sus picions, struggling in his soul. Ho began to comprehend that this sinister intrudor was connected with the Lady Kathleen's secret,, and he vaguely felt .that she was in. some way in this man's power. , But not a doubt of her found lodging in his lnind. His trust in her remained unshaken. . " My little ruse was fair enough," said Bassantyne, watching her. lady ship furtively, " ' All is fair in love and war," says the old proverb. There is no use in fretting, Kathleen. If you haven't changed greatly in the last five years you will soon compel your proud spirit to submit to circumstances. It is true that by my inopportune return. I have cheated you of a brilliant title, but -I am rich and honorable, and I love' you. Let these facts reconcile you to your fato !" , He moved nearor to her, his eyes fixed gloatingly on her drooping head and. despairing face. . " Stand back !" cried Lord Tresham, interposing. " Do not: insult the Lady Kathleen by your professions of love. Whoever you are, Mr. Nicol' Bassantyne, do not think that your Vile- fraud' of this night has given .you any authority over her ! She has too many friends to be given up to a cheating adventurer, who foully per sonates another man , at the altar. She shall bo freed, if we have to go through the : Divorce Court to effect her freedom. Any publicity must bo preferable to the chains you have placed upon her. The Lady Kathleen is still under my protection, sir, and you must answer to me for your cowardly crime." "Very well," said Bassantyno, coolly, " I am willing to fight you now, if thot's what you want. But before wo proceed to blows lot us understand what wc are to fight for. You con ceive the Lady Kathleen to be grossly injured by my taking your place at the marriago altar. Now, if she is satisfied, you can have no reason to find fault. Is not that so ? '' " But I am not satisfied," cried the Lady Kathleen, passionately. "Not satisfied, Kathleen?" and Bassantyne arched his black brows in seemingly astonished inquiry. "You wish, then, that I had permitted you to marry Lord Tresham " "No — no!" moaned the Lady Kathleen, shuddering. " I thought you could not be so infatuated as that. You hope for a divorce, perhaps ? " " I hope for nothing," returned the Lady Kathleen, wringing her hands despairingly. "I must do as I have done for years — submit to my fato. Barry," she added, turning to Lord Tresham, who still stood a little apart, dark, gloomy and stern, yet with a great agony expressed in his dark eyes, " there must be no fighting for mo ! If you ever loved me, spare me that great grief !" "If lever loved you I Oh, Kath leen !" His anguished voice aroused the Lady Kathleen from the depths of her despair. The sight of his suffering lent her a fictitious strength.! Loosening her hold- on thei'minister's "arm, she moved' towards Lord Tresham, saying — "I must have a few words with you alone,, my lord — for the last time, Come with me to the beach." Ho gave her his arm, and they walked down towards the sands, on which the boats lay rocking in the moonlight. The Lady Kathleen was .the first to speak. (TO BE CONTINUED.) ' ' 