B NAI) A THE LILY, By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Boptbight, 1891, Br H. Rideb Haggabd. h (all bights reserved.) H CHAPTER I. Bche bot chaka prophesies. ask me, my father, to tell you of Umslopozaas who was named the Slaughterer, and of his love Eida, the most beantifol of Zala n. It is long ; bnt you are Here muy nights, and, if I live to tell it, be told. Strengthen yoar heart, Eher, for I have much to say that Kowfal, and when I thick of Nada Ears creep through the horn that Kput my eyes from fight. Kyou know who X am, my father f not know. You think that J- Hjn old, old witcb-doctor named Ee. So all men have thought for K years. but that is not my name. Bhave known it, aod X have kept Ked io my breast, lest, thoagh I ve under the law of the White Bsnd the great Queen is my chief- an assegai yet might find this Kiid any know my name. EBk on this hand, ray father — no, Hst which is withered with fire ; Mi'this right hand of mine. You Bbough I who am blind cannot. Hi, within me I see it as ones it Hy 1 I see it red and strong — Elthe blood of two kings. Hearken, ; bend yonr ear to me and I am Mopo — ah ! I felt yon start ae the regiment of the Kted when Mopo walked before Kks, and from the assegai In the blook of Chaka dropped the earth. I am Mopo who H£dra the king. I slew him with and Umhlangana the princes ; Bwonnd was mine that his fife Hst of, and but for me he wonld Bve been slsin. I slew him with Bces. bat Dineaan. X and one alone. do yon eay 1 Dings an died Bongola.' Bres, he died, bnt not there ; he Ghost Mountain ; he lies on K>f the old Stone Witoh who sits waiting for the world to L I also was on the Ghost Io those days my feet travel fast, and vengeance let me sleep. I travelled by night X found bim. I and Eve killed him — ah ! ah ! I (ell yon this % What has Bith tbe loves of Umslopogaas the Lily 1 X will tell yon. I Bka for the sake of my sifter, mother of Umslopogaas. I Bipogais slew Dingaan for the who was my daughter. Hare great oamc3 in the story, Yes, many have heard the Bfrhen the Xmpis roared them charged in battle, X have felt shake and seen the waters the sound of them. Bot where ? Silence has tbem, and men write tbem down in opened tbe gates of distance Btoldera of the names. They Btrongh and they are gone be- Kcnt the strings that tied them Tbey fell off Ha ! ha 1 E>ff ! Perhaps they are falling they creep about the deso- io the skins of snakes. X the snakes that X might with my heeL Yonder, at the bnrying-place of in a hole. Xn that hole lie HBs of Cbaka, tbe king who died Far away in Zulnland there Knpon the Ghost Mountain. At that cleft lie tbe bones of E the king who died for Nada. Bar to fall and he was heavy ; Bnes of his are broken ioto little 1 went to sea them when the and the jackals bad done their KAnd then I langhed three times here to die. is long ago, and I have not Ed yet I wish to die and follow that Nada trod.' Perhaps I to tell yon this tale, my father, Kmay tell it" to the white men How old am 1 1 Nay, X Very, very old. Had Cbaka wonld have been as old as I.t Bpe living whom I knew when X Kpy. I am so old that X must The grass withers and the Yes, while 1 speak the Btaips my heart. Well, I am ready flBla the cold, and perhaps X shall Bain in tbe spring. the Zola were a people— for at the beginning — I was Langeni tribe. We are not Kribe ; afterwards, all onr able- fcen numbered one fall regiment army , J bnt the men were brave. are all dead — that people is £t is gone like last month's it went 1 will tell yon by- lived in a beautiful open the Boers, whom we called Hfiaboona, are there now, they tell Bly father, Madedama, was chief BTribe, and bis kraal was built on bst of a hill, bnt 1 was not the son Kchiefwife. One evening, when still little, standing as high ae a .lU.«r nnln T WOnf. Allt With HIV below the cattle kraal to see the Htddvea in. My mother was very of these cows, and there was one B a white face that wonld follow her Bt. She carried ray little slater riding on her hip ; Baleka was a then. We walked till we met ads driving in the cows. My mother the white-faced cow and gave it leaves which ehe had brought ko, Tkon fka laSa VAnfc On With cattle, bnt tbe white-faced cow Eped by my mother. She said that E would bring it to the kraal when she home. My mother sat down on the grass and nursed her baby, while I played round her and the cow grazed. Presently we saw. a woman walking towardB as across the plain. She walked like" one who ia very tired. On her back waa a handle of mati, and she led by the hand a boy of abont my own age, bnt bigger and stronger than I. We waited a long while, till at last the woman came np to ns and sank down on tbe'veldt, for she was very weary. We saw- by the way her hair waa dressed that she was not of our tribe. ' Greeting to yon 1' eaid tbe woman. ' Greeting !' answered my mother. ' What do yon seekf '.Food, and a hut to sleep in,' eaid the woman. ' I bave travelled far.' 1 How are yon named 1 — and what is yonr people f asked my mother. 'My name -is Unandi; I am the wife of Senzangacona, of the Zola tribe,' said the woman. " Now, there had been war between onr | DeODleand ZulnneODle.and Senzangacona had killed some of onr - warriors aod taken many of our cattle. So, when my mother heard the speech of Unandi she sprang np in anger. ' You dare to come here and ask me for food and shelter, wife of a dog of a Zulu !' she cried ; ' begone, or I will call the girls to whip yon out of onr country.' The woman, who was very handsome, waited till my mother had finished lier angry words ; then looked up and spoke slowly, 'There is a cow by yon with milk dropping from it 3 adder ; will yon not even give me and my boy a gourd of milk 1' and she took a gonrd from her bundle and held it towards us. ' X will not,' said my mother. ' We are thirsty with long travel ; will yon not, then, give ns a cup of water ! We have fonnd none for many boars.' ' I will not, wife of a dog ; go seek water for yourself.- The woman's eyes filled with teare, bnt the boy folded his arms on his breast and scowled. He was a very handsome boy with bright black eyes, bnt when he scowled his eyes were like tbe sky before a thunderstorm. 1 "Wnf-her bp said, 'we are not wanted here any more than .we were wanted yonder,' and he nodded towards the country where the Zola people lived. ' ' Let ns be going to Aliogtswayo ; tbe Umtetwa people will protect as.' ' Yes, let us be going, my eon,' said Unandi ; ' bnt the way is long, we are weary and shall fell by the way.' X heard, and something pnlled at my heart ; I was sorry for the woman and the boy, they looked so tired. Theo, without saying anything to my mother, X snatched the gonrd and ran with it to a little donga that was hard by, for I knew that there waa a spring of water. Presently I came back with the gourd full of water. My mother tried to catch me, for she was very angry, but I ran past Her and gave tbe gourd to the boy. Then my mother ceased trying to inter fere, only she beat the woman with her tongue all the while, saying that evil had come to our kraals from her husband, and she felt in her heart that more evil would come npon as from her eon. Her Ehlosfi told her so. Ah 1 my father, her Ehlosfi told her true. If the wo man Unandi and her child had died that day on the veldt, the gardens of my people would not now be a wilder ness, and their bones wonld not lie in tbe great gully that is near TFCetywayd's kraal While my mother talked X and the cow with the white fac8 stood still and watched, and the bahy Baleka cried alond. The boy, Unandi's aoo, having taken the gonrd, did not offer tbe water to hie mother. He drank two thirds of it. himpplf I think he wonld have drank it all had not his thirst been slaked ; but when he had done he gave what was left to his mother, and she finished it. The he took the gourd again, and came forward, holding it in one hand ; in the other he had a short stick. ' What is yonc name, boy 1' he said to me as a big rich man speaks to one who is little and poor. ' Mopo is my name,' I answered. 'And wbat is the name of yonr people V i told him the name of my tribe, the Langeni tribe. 'Very well, Mopo ; now I will tell yon my name is Chairs, son of Senzangacona, and mv Deoole are called the Amazuln. And now I will tell yon something more. I am little to-day, and my people are a little people. But I shall grow big, eo big that my head will be lost in tbe clonda ; you will look np and yon will look np and yon will not see it. My face will blind yon ; it will bo bright like the son, and my people will grow big with me ; they shall eat np the whole world. And when X am big and my people are big, and we have stamped the earth flat as far as men can travel, then I will remember yonr tribe— the tribe of tbe Langeni, who wonld not give me and my mother a enp of milk — i mm Vnn see this gourd ; for every drop it will hold the blood of a man shall flow — the blood of one of yonr men. But because yon gave me the water I will spare you and you only, and make yoa great under me. You shall grow fat in my shadow. You alone I will never harm, however yon sin against me ; that X swear. Bnt for that woman,' and he pointed to my mother, 'let her make haste and die, so that I do not have to teach ber what a long time death can- take to come. I have spoken. And he gronnd bis teetn and shook his stick towards as. My mother stood still awhile. Then she gasped ont : ' The little liar ! He speaks like a man, does he I "Hie calf Iowa like a boll. I wilt teach him | another note— the brat of an evil j prophet r Ana, putting down Baleka,! she ran at the boy. Chake stood quite still till she was near; then suddenly he lifted the stick In his hand, and hit her so hard on tne head that she fell down. After that he laughed, turned, and went away with hie mother. These, my father, were Hie first words that I heard Chaka speak, and they were words of prophecy, and them came tme. The last words Iheard him speak were words of prophecy also, and . 1 think that tbey will, came; tine. " now they are com5gg . trn®- 3A tne one he toiaW thb Zuhxpeopleshould rise. And eay, have they not risen J Tn the how ;th?y 'should fall ; and they knll fall D? -not "the white men gather thainsely to- gether even now against U'Cety way o. as 1 valtures gather round a dying ox. The j ZnloB are not what they were to stand against them. Yea, yes, they will come j trne, and mine is the song of a people j that is doomed. ! But of these other words I will speak in their place. I went to my mother. Presently she raised herself from the gronnd and sat I np with her bands over her face. The blood from tbe wound tbe' stick had made ran down her hands on to her breast, and I wiped it away with grass. She sat for a long while thus, while the child cried, the cow lowed to be milked, and I wiped away tbe blood with tbe grass. At last she took her bands away and spoke to me. 1 Mopo, my sod,' she said, I have dreamed a dream. I dreamed that I saw the boy Chaka who struck me : he was grown like a giant. He stalked across the mountains and the veldt, his eyes I blazed like the lightning, and in his hand he shook a little assegai tft&c; was rea with blood. He caught up people after people in hia hands and tore them, he stamped their kraala fiat with his feet. Before him was the green of sdmmer, behind him the land was black as when the fires have eaten the grass. I saw our people, Mopo : they were many and fatj their hearts laughed, the men were brave, the girls were fair \ I counted their children by hundreds. I saw them again, Mopo. They were bones, white bones, thousands of bones tumbled together in a rocky place, and he, Chaka, stood over the bones and laughed till the earth shook. Then, Mopo, I saw you grown a man. You alone were Ieit of our people. You. crept op behind the giant Chaka, and with you came others, great men of a royal look. Yon stabbed him with a little spear, and he fell down and grew small again ; he fell down and prayed for mercy. Bnt you. cried in his ear a name — the name of Baleka, your sister — and he died. Lot us go home, Mopo, Itt oh go home j the dark ness falls.' So we turned and went home. Bat I held my peace, for £ was afraid, very much afraid. CHAPTER II. MOPO IS IN TEOUPLE. How, I must tell how my mother did what the boy Chaka had told her, and died quickly. Eor where his stick had struck her on the forehead there came a eore that would not be healed, and in tbe -sore grew an abscess, aud the abscess ate inwards till it came to the brain. Then my mother fell down and died, and I cried very mnch, for I loved her, and it was dreadfnl to see her cold and stif£ with not a word to say how ever much I called to her. Well, they buried my mother, and ehe was soon forgotten. I only remembered her, nobody else did— not even Baleka, for she was too little— and as for my father he took another young wife, and was cmtent. After that I was very unhappy, for my brothers did not love me, because I was stronger and taller than they, and had greater skill with the assegai, and was swifter in rnnning j so they poisoned the mind of my father against me and he treated me badly. Bat Baleka and I loved each other, for we were both lonely, and she clung to me like a creeper to the only tree in & plain, and I, though 1 was young, learned this : that to be wise is to be strong, for thoagh he who holds the assegai kills, yet he whose mind directs the battle is greater than he who kills- Now, I saw that tbe witch-fiodera and medicine -men were feared in the land, and that all people looked np to them, so that, even when they had only a stick in their nanas, mn meu aiueu wwu would fly before them. Therefore I determined that I would be a witch doctor, for the> alone can clay those they bate with a word. So I learned i the arts of the medicine-men. I made sacrifices, I fasted in the veldt alone, I did all those things of which yon have heard, and I learned much ; for there is wisdom in onr magic as well as lies— and you know it, my father, else yon had not come here to ask me of yonr lost oxen. So things went on till I was twenty years of age — a man fell grown. By now I had learned all I conld learn of myself, so I joined myself on to the chief medicine-man of our tribe, who was named Noma. He was old, had one eye only, and was very clever, ui him I learned some tricks and more j wisdom, bnt at last he grew jealous of j me and set a trap to catch me. As It 1 chanced, a big man of a neighbouring tribe bad lost some cattle, and came with gifts to Noma prayiog him to smell them ont. Noma tried and conld not find them, his magic failed him. Then the headman grew angry and demanded back his gifts ; but Noma would not give up that which he once had held, and hot words passed. The headman said that be wonld kill Noma ; Noma said that be would oewitcn iue nt»u- i man. I « Peace,' I said, for I feared that blood J wonld be shed. ' Peace, and let me see I if my snake will tell me where the I cattle are !' I 'Yon are nothing but a boy,' answered I the headman. ' Can a boy have 1 wisdom !' I 'That shall soon be koown,' I said, taking the bones in my hand, ' Leave the bones alone !' screamed Vnmx « We will ask nothing more of 1 onr snakes for the good of this son of a I dog.' , . J He shall throw the bones, answered I the headman. ' If yon try to stop him J I trill let sunshine through yon with my assegai,' and he lifted his spear. -" Then X made haste to begin ; I threw j the bones. The headman sat on the ground before me and answered my questions. Yon know of these mattera, my father — how sometimes the witch- doctor has knowledge of where tbe lost j things are, for onr ears are long, audi sometimes bis Ehloed tells him, as bnt 1 the other day it told me of yonr oxen, j Well, in this case, my snake stood op. | I knew nothing of the man's cattle, hat 1 my Spirit was with me and soon I saw j them all, end told them to him one by | one, their colour, thwrage— everything. I J told him, too. where they were, and how one of them had fallen. into etream 1 and lay tbere on ttaLback drowneffi writh j its forefoot baught'in a forked rooV jAs.J any Ehlosfi told ms so I told; the' Lead- 1 jhe maa "was mnoh pleaBed,«id said that lf my magic was good, and he fonnd the cattle, the gifts should be taken from Noma and given to me ; and he asked the people who were sitting round, of whom there were many, if this was not jnst. ' Yes, yes,' they said, it was jnst, and tbey woold see that it was done. Bnt Noma sat still and looked at «ne evilly. He knew that I had made a trne divination, and he was very aDgry. It was a big matter ; the herd of cattle were many, aud, if they were fonnd where I had said, then all men would hold me the greater wizard. Now it was late, and the moon had not yet risen, therefore the head man said that he wonld sleep that nigbt io onr kraal, and at the first light wonld go with me to the spot where my snake said the cattle were. After that he went away. I too went into my hat and lay down to sleep. Suddenly I awoke, feeling a weight npon my breast. I tried to start up, bnt something cold pricked my thrdat. X fell back again aod looked. <PL_ Jmhh 4ha ttnf. ntan Artan f.ha Rtflfin lay low on tbe sky like a ball of fire far away. I conld see it through the door, and its fight crept into the hat. It fell npon the face of Noma the witch doctor. He was seated across me, glar ing at me with his one eye. and in his hand was a knife. It was that which I had felt prick my throat. (: To be continued. ) 