Echoes of % Week. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS Sill [jJX QUEENSLAND EIGHTS EE3EEYED.J NO. XXV. Bis to be presumed that as.Christmas and the New Year have come and gone, to the uni versal wanning of the cockles of our hearts, and there is a surcease in the devouring of turkey, beef, and pudding; and the panto mimes have all been brilliantly successful, and, in brief,- that the holidays are beginning to wane, and we have taken with any but joyful feelings to the opening of the envelopes enshrining the Christmas bills, Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs has found time to take into consideration the sen tenoes of fine and imprisonment passed on Boxing Day by the Tribunal of Correctional Folice at St. Etieime, in France, on two Englishmen named respectively Cooper and B ©dwell, who, on evidence which a good many people on this side of the channel will be dis posed to think glaringly insufficient, were con victed of espionage, in endeavouring to pur chase patterns of rifles and carbines from a Government small arms factory. o • • • . Naturally, it is not for so humble an indi vidual as myself to impugn the justice of this sentence; still it must be admitted that the perusal of the proceedings leaves a remarkably unpleasant taste in the month. One does not like to read of Englishmen who, nationally, are nothing if their conduot be not frank, open, and aboveboard, being treated as spies at all. Then it Bhould be borne in mind that the two men had been in solitary confinement for some weeks; that they were found guilty on the evidence of a single witness, a French workman, who seems practically to have played the detestable part of an " agent procureur " ; that they were tried without a jury and by an inferior tribunal instead of a Court of Assize. Of course the Marquis of Salisbury and the British embassy at Paris have looked carefully into the case. Still, one cannot help fancying that had one John Henry Temple, "Viscount Palmerston, been in Downing street we should hare heard something ere this about the civis Bomanus whose status was so notably vindi cated years ago in the case of the interesting Don Paciflco. « • • * I noted that the prisoners were subjected on their arraignment to interrogatories from the presiding judge, which means simply that a crafty and experienced French lawyer did his utmost' to make two unsophisticated foreigners criminate themselves. Previously, they had been honied, worried, and browbeaten over and over again by the examining magis trate or judge d'instraction, an official who traditionally prides himself on his dexterity in bullying or cajoling prisoners into "acknow ledging the corn." • • • * It is a pity that our countrymen interro gated at St. Etieane had not read the report of the trial for high treason of the famous Uhouan chieftain, Georges Cadoudal, charged with conspiring to assassinate the Emperor Napoleon I. When the presiding judge began to inter rogate Georges the undaunted Chouan stopped him: "Find out for yourself," he said coolly. " I have lived too long in England "—Georges was well known to Mr. Pitt—"to answer questions only intended to bring my neck under the knife of the guillotine." He was, it is trne, guillotined in the longrun; still the snub which he administered to President Thuriot is worthy of remembrance. There was held at the time of Merry Christmas an inquest on an elderly female of 5G, whose death, so the jury found, was due to inflammation of the internal organs, accelerated by want of food and medical treatment. One of the witnesses examined was the grandson of the deceased, a lad of 13, who, by working hard, earned, the magnificent wages of five shillings and sixpence a week. On these eleven weekly sixpences the hoy and his grandmother lived; the old lady sometimes earning on extra shilling or two by " clobbering " or mending up old trousers and resetting them. They lived in one room, for which they paid half a crown a week. What do you say to that, my dog? "What do you say to that, my cat? "What do you say, Mr. G. R. Sims? Unfortu nately there has been a glut of small heroes and heroines in humble life lately; and I have | come across very few expressions of public ; sympathy with small Joseph Clifton, aged 13, j of 6 Ben Jonson rood, Shadwdl, E., who kept | his grandmother and himself on 5s. Gd. a week, i The landlady of the house in Ben Jonson road was a compassionate soul, and although the poor old granny was in arrears with her rent she did .not turn her out. "She was a very honest woman,11 quoth tho compassionate landlady. But where were the parson of tho parish and liis curates? Where* were the Roman Catholic priests and the "Dissenting ministers? Where was the district visitor? Where was the relieving officer? Echo answers " Where I "• What do you think of that, my cat ?, Whatdo you think of that, my dog ? 1 have aiwajB refused to believe that there is nothing in a. name. Just read over the list of the bridesmaids—never mind their nobiliary titles—who are to officiate at tho wedding of the Duke of Clarence and Avondale and the Ptinoees May, and tell me whether you think there is nothing in such appellations as Murray, Hamilton, Thyime, Lindsay, Leveson-Gower, Grerflle, and Molyneux. Why here is the suggestivenessof half a dozen stirring chapters of history.oomprossed into one tiny paragraph. • • « • Woe is me t—ia it really a case of bring wofol ?—I shall not witness the royal marriage in St. George's Chapel, Windsor. I have "backed "my annual holiday for six weeks; and by the middle of February I hope (D V.) to be wandering among the palms and temples of the south. Some other penny-a-lining hand must describe the nupitals of Prince Albert Victor and his winsome bride. I do not envy him liis task, for it is really next door to impossible to import the slightest element of novelty into the account of a royal wedding. The Duke of Clarence and Avondale is a E.G., so additional splendour may bo lent to the function at Windsor by bis being married in the robes of the Garter—the very noblest and most imposing ceremonial costume in the whole world. But then, if I mistake not, the Prince of Wales himself, the Duke of ^on naught, and the Dubc of Albany were similarly robed on wirml n.r occasions. For the rest, tbo pageant in St. George's, magnificent as it is, has become slightly monotonous. Heralds, gentleman-ushers in daily waiting, chamber lains, and vice-chamberlains, with white staves and walking backwards ; big bouquets, trumpeters, beefeaters, the "WeddingMarch," and perhaps a 6crap from Wagner or Meyer beer ; an anthem, a plethora of scarlet uniforms, gold lace, ribbons, stars and crosses et voila tout' Stay! rash est of rash prophets. Forbear from these possibly vain forecasts of the Aozaton. Now tnat the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol has walked in solemn procession, pontifically arrayed in cope and mitre, and with his pastoral staff—not a crozier, mind you—borne before him, it may be that at the approaching nuptials the episcopal celebrants, the Dean of St. George's, and the capitular bodymay put in an appearance in dalmatics of purple velvet and ! golden and other gorgeous vestments prescribed by the rubric to be used in oollegiate churches, ! but furiously denounced by an uncompromising old Puritanical writer by the name of John Milton. Fearful was the wrath of Milton In 1641 with | the ritualists of his time. It is good, for the ; sake of studying strength and directness in j diction to listen to his fierce invective in the | tract called "On Reformation in England": 1 Hear J.M. on "the new-vomited paganism of sensual idolatry." " They hallowed it, they fumed it, they sprinkled it, they bedecked it, not in robes of pure izmocency, but of pure linen, with other deformed and fantastic devices, in palls and mitres, gold and geegaws fetched from Aaron's old wardrobe and the Flamen's vestry." Ab! they were masters of the fine old art of abuse, those theologians of the past. If an Amglican bishop ventures to don a cope and mitre nowadays, the assump tion is only protested against in a few timid , letters to the newspapers. j I have not Dr. B. W. Richardson's "Field ! of Disease," nor Dr. Tanner's "Index of Diseases " by me just now, so I am unable to tell whether those learned authorities, or either of them, have anything to Bay about a malady called " beri-beri"—a malady touching which I have been reading a horrifying account in the lancet. It is in the Malay Peninsula and among the Chinese coolies that beri-beri is found bat it is an impartial ailment, and freely attacks men, women, and children of other nationalities. The sufferer from "beri-beri" has always a sensation of intolerable weight in the chest, arms, or legs, hence it is conjectured that the name of the disease is derived from the Sanskrit word, "Chara," a weight. Poor living-, bad clothing, and insufficient accommodation, and exposure to the weather are all provocative of "beri-beri." I should think that a snre way of catching the disease, which is both endemic and epidemic, would be keeping your aged grandmother and yourself i on 5s. 6d. a week, or writing leading articles in i the newspapers. After a little time your your limbs begin to swell, and you have a burn ing fever, and then yon die. Surely that poor woman in Ben Jonson road, Shadwell, E., must have had a touch of "beri-beri." Boom for the "Mollahs"—or " Moolahs"— who have come forward in Persia as advocates of free trade in tobacco. The "Mollahs" are Mahometan clerics. Thpy do not like the Giaour. Still less do they approve of the con cession of a tobacco monopoly recently con ceded by the Shah* to an English corporation or company. So the Mollahs at Teheran, like the "bush-whackers" in Hans Breitmann's ballad, have "raised Cain and broken things." The priests have stirred up the people; and the Persian Government has become alarmed, and the concession of the tobacco monopoly has been rescinded. Your Mahometan clerics are terrible folks to deal with. It was the militant opposition of the Softas of Stamboul— theological students there—who were mainly instrumental in the overthrow of the Saltan Abdul-Aziz, and driving that luckless Padishah to commit "scissor-cide." Talking of the land of the late Xerxes re minds me that I have an esteemed friend who is very proud of his decoration of the Persian Order of the Lion and Sun. It is for his in formation I mention that in an old magazine for tho year 1810 I read lately that the Order of the Lion and the Sun was virtually the creation of tho First Napoleon. In 1808 General Gardanne, tho French ambassador at Tehoron, anxious to promote an alliance between Franco and Persia, with tho ultimate object of invading British India, persuaded the then Shah to establish the order of chivalry in question. The Lion was to typify Napoleon ; the Sun the Shah. The star of tne order was offered to tho British Ambassador, but he in dignantly refused it, as being the device of " an impudent Frenchman." Some months ago I was violently abused in some trade journals and by the secretary of a body of people calling themselves the | Grocers' Protection Association or some- J thing of that kind, for the reason that J I had said that although grocers might I to, individually, honest men, there was prevalent a pernicious amount of adulteration, I both of food and drugs. I treated the abuso I with contempt, and did not condescend to reply j to an insulting letter addressed to the Sunday \ Times on the subject. But Time—good old Time!—has a wayof bringing about the strangest of revenge. The Pall Mall Gazette has just published a record of this year's adulteration of food and drugs, and in the list of articles examined by the public analysts appear milk, bread, flour, butter, coffee, cocoa, sugar, mustard, jam, tea, lard, wine, beer, spirits, and drugs. Jam "M tea were found to to wholly innocent of sophistica tion. Bread, flour, wine, and beer were nearly, but not quite immaculate. Out of 11,976 samples of milk 1,530 were found to be adul terated ; there were 266 cases of adulterated coffee to 1,753 samples analysed; there were j 18 instances of adulterated pepper in 1,379 samples, and no less than one- third of 96 samples of cocoa analysed were condemned; and altogether out of 27,465 samples of miscel laneous commodities examined 3,069 were not I wholly genuine. Of course, it is not the retail tradesmen who are the adulterers. I -never j said that they were. But there must be some- | body who falsifies our food; and the public j want to know who that somebody is. Has anyone yet arrived at the discovery of the genesis of the slang word "oof signifying money—the origin of which did so perplex the judge in the great prigged pearls case ? Of course it was in the columns of the Sporting Times that the " oof bird " first " sang in the bower"; but which of "Master's" young men was it who first drew attention to the vocalisation, of the remarkable feathered biped in question? " Oof," a sporting friend tells me, is only a horse's hoof, pronounced after the manner of the 'classic land of Cockaigne, and as it is by means of the hoof of a racehorse that turfites usually hope to win money, the metonyxnic process by whicb "hoof" or "oof" was made to mean money becomes obvious. The Americans have another word for " the root of all evil"—"spook," to wit. Down in the valley of Virginia there is a spot called "Old Powell's Spook." Old Powell used to coin gold eagles and silver dollars in defiance of the authorities of the United States mint; but having entered into a oompact with the foul fiend he was able to make real gold and silver money. Being unable, through fear of detection, to spend his treasure freely he buried it in huge chests, the whereabouts of which has not yet been discovered, and which are said to be guarded by a ghost or goblin of Dutch engendrure known as a "spook." Another case of metonymy. The death of the Duke of Devonshire has led to the publication of a number of anecdotes ! exemplifying the traditional "courtesy of the Cavendishes." This reminds me of a story which Augustus Mayhew used to tell, amus ingly illustrating not only the courtesy but the kind-heartedness of the great nobleman just deceased. There had been a great fete at Chatsworth ; and according to the commendable custom of : the Cavendishes, the fragments of the feast I were on the morrow morning distributed j among the neighbouring villages. The duke and a friend were taking an early walk when I at a cottage door there appeared, apparently in | great agitation, an ancient aame, who, brandishing the earcase of a cold roast chicken, thus addressed the Lord of Chatsworth, "Doke, duke, what's this. Steward's sent me down a | fowl wi' only one leg; it's a shame, it is!" His Grace gravely examined the partially dis membered carcase, and replied, "My good woman, there has been a sad mistake. Yon shall have a fowl with four legs." ' And that | very afternoon he sent her a fine fat goose. Sir William White, G.C.B., G.C.M.G-., Her Britannic Majesty's Ambassador at Constanti nople, has died suddenly at Berlin, where bo was spending -the Christmas holidays with- his family. I had the honour to know the deceased diplomatist very well. He was also an old friend of my lifelong colleague in letters, Mr. H. Sutherland Edwards, who was special correspondent of the Times in Poland during the last Polish insurrection, when Sir William, then Mr. White, was consul at Warsaw. He had entered the public service, I believe, as clerk in the British consulate at Dantzic; and there have been few instances, I should say, of a subordinate chil servant raising himself, exclusively by his own talents, integrity, and perseverance, to such exalted rank and prestige as wore attained by Sir William Arthur White. If ever there was a born diplomatist it was the late "Elchi" to the Sublime Porte. In the winter of 1876 I came across KuB3ia to Odessa, and thence, by the Black Sea, to Con* atantinople, wbero the conference of ambas sadors was then sitting, in the hope of averting the inevitable conflict between Russia and Turkey. At the Hotel de Byzance, Pera, I found Air. White, who was then only consul general and agent in Servia. He and other south-east Europe and Levantine consuls had been sent for by the Marquis of Salisbury, the just arrived ambassador extraordinary, to confer on the situation, and I believe that it was Lord Salisbury's thorough appreciation of ' Air. White's exceptional aptitude for high diplomacy, combined with his thorough familiarity with the Sclavonic languages, that led our present Prime Minister to the conclu sion that Mr. W. A. White was a man who deserved to go far, and who must be encour aged to go very far indeed. The Hotel de Byzance was crowded from basement to garret with charges d'affaires, secretaries of legation, attaches, consuls, finan ciers, army contractors—the last seen ting their prey from afar off—art special correspon dents, with a by no means inconsiderable sprinkling of Russian spies. All kinds of celebrities, not staying in the house itself, would turn np at the table d'hote: The late Viscountess Strangford, Hobart Pasha, Alex ander MacGahan, Eugene Schuyler, poor Fred. Burnaby, Air. Rassam of Nineveh and Abyssi nian renown, Antonio Gallenga, F. Barrere, Dr. Schneider (of the Cologne Gaxite), Kai ta loipa. In this miscellaneous throng of people with, "plenty of brains," Air. William A. White moved discreetly, deftly, and diplomatically. . It was his friendly custom to pay me a visit every morning about a quarter to eight, during the "cafe au lait" stage of existence, and we would hold a merry discourse, during which I used to do my best to learn something from him He • knew so much. At eleven we all met at the dejeuner a la fonrohette; and upon my word, from what I was told, H.B.AC. Consul and Agent in Servia seemed to havo paid an early morning call to at Iea6t three fourths of the guests at the Hotel de Byzance. Did he begin his round of visits at o a-m., I wonder ? But surely that is the way to get on in diplomacy. Know as much abont other people as you can, but let other people know as little about yon as possible. There is an ill considered paragraph in on© of the morning papers about the deceased Ambassador. "For some unaccountable reason the undertakers were not allowed to send a regular hearse to the hotel to remove Sir William White's remains to St. Hedwig's church, and a furniture van had to bo used." To anyone possessing continental experience the reason for this undignified proceeding will be very easily accounted for. Foreign hotel keepers hold death, when it occurs within their walls, in horror. They are ex tremely reluctant to let it be known that anyone has paid the debt of nature in their establishment, thinking that their business will be injured if the occurrence gets wind. Hence the substitution of a furniture van for a " regular hearse." The Yale College Art School in New Haven, Conn., cost £50,000 and is endowed with £16,000. Its diplomas, conferring the title of Bachelor of Fine Arts, were granted for the first time this year, and the first student to receive the decree was a woman, Miss Lewis. Tbifles.— The smallest crust may save a humanUfe ; The smallest act may lead to human strife; The smallest touch may cause the body pain; The smallest spark may firs a field of gr*m; The simplest deed may tell the truly brave; The smallest skill may serve a life to save; The smallest draught the thirsty may relieve; m.. ttvatt mob. a kind hwtrt. mWfl! The slightest look may make a kind heart grieve; Naught is 80 much but it may a tall contain The rose of pleasure or the thorn of pain. The King cf Siam will soon send six youths from his kingdom to Pennsylvania to ■ bo educated. They are all to become physicians. The young men are chosen froni the poorer classes, and the expense of their tuition, about £1,000 a year each, is to be borne by the Siamese Government. 