" '' w A PROTESTANT MANIFESTO. Oeoesins Swobds tviTn the E.G.D. ' ' jThe .claim by the English Church Union, that'it'is the solo prerogative of the clergy, as 'Being (exclusively) " spiritual persons," to' 'legislate and sdiudicate in all ecolesiastioBl ui'litters' (which, for this purpose, they term Vspifitual "), involves the following points ' ''l!,' That no Ecclesiastical Court now exists whiob can be " oonBcientiously recognised." That .the Slate may not " suspend, deprive, or Vdf'poBB " n convirtod Clerk if he he an Ihonmbent. That Parjianaentary legislation either as to coutts, procedure, or penalties is " null and void " as to all matters of clergy discipline. That Convocation itself has no powers but such as the B.C.U. shall from time to time " consoientiously recognise " ; 'BO that; for example, Convccation might aahctibh a law the day before, but it " can- hot " do so the day after, an Act of Parlia ment, is passed ! . And that Convooation must " accept these theories. \- 2. "The Great Reformation Statutes" of 1532 59 were passed in the teeth of an nn- willing and recalcitrant clergy ; they annexed all " jurisdictions spiritual and ecclesiastioal " the Crown ; Ihc-y appointed excommuhi- Vaiion and Chnrch censures to be infiicted or 'iiifpended by stalutcry Courte or by statutory ijomaiissions from the Cro.wn ; they " estab- lisbed " the creed snd worship of the Ohuroh by the 1 Eliz. c. 2 still in force, though every Bisbbp in' his place in Parliament voted hgainSt the Reformation, which, in spite of their opposition, has, nevertheless, boeii ihaintainod to this day. Every one of these Btatntes Is " spiritually null and void " accord ing to the E.C.U. manifesto, which, therefore, iiivolvts, as a further result, that the Re formation was a great sin, and that the .1 reunion of Ciirietendom " should bo sought from ..the " Holy See," which is confessedly 'ihe.great eource and fountain of " the Canon '3 The conclueion of the E.C.U. ore based on the idea thut. Bishops alone can legislate, dr act as judges in clerical matters (miscalled "V spiiitnat '), and this, as of " Divine right." 'The el till) thai BirL'o(S succeed Apostles in th ' suU' poBseEoioii of Cliercli " government' end control '! rcsls on ; the notion, that Obrist has "d.elegated" to them His Kingly prerogatives, and it involves, as .its necessary correlative," ' a belief in the Irtspiratipp ; Episcopate. For, the Royal rule' of the of Chriat needs supernatural wisdom for its exercise ; and .we are told by the E.C.U. that even procedure in Bishops' courts (whicjb Bdmiuister "'laws" made by Bishops) 'is " intrinsically hinding in conscience." Though " an inherent power of governing " be in words attributed by the B.C.U. to " the Churth," yet the Church is regarded, through out BB furnishing mere " subjects " to the Bishops, in whom " alone," we- are told, all power "resides." Neither Christian' State, nor Christian laity is permitted - any voico in "spiritual"- matters,, save . to. determine whether physical coeroioD shall give effect to clerical decrees ! . Ail these arrogant claims are based, not on Holy Scripture, but on " the Roman canon law," which includes the right - of the clergy to independence of and snpremtcy over the State, and to wield an authority which is in reality " mere temporal," under pretence that the laily (or " the Church ") are their " sub- jeots," and that olerioal matters are not "mere temporal," but are " inf rinaically spiritual." As against these claims to a clerical Theocracy, the Council of the Chnrch Assooiation desire to enter their solemn pro test that- 1\. The word " spiritual " is inapplicable to causes, or to laws, wbich ore of a kind to be Investigated or enforced in human tribunals. 2\. The forms, courts, canons, or other arrangements of psrticnlar Churches are recessarily and " intrinsically mere tem- pbrsl." 3\. In a Cbriatiftu State the particular form which the laws have nssnmed is rightfully " hinding in conscience " on all loyal Chnrch- men, so long as no terms of communion contrary to the teaching of Scriptnre (Arts. Vr. and XX.) are sought to be'imposed. 4\. Any powers which a clergy poBseBBes to legislate or adjudicate in the name of the Chnrch are derived from the brotherhood of baptised believers, who form a " viBiblo Chnrch of OhriBt" (Art. XIX). . ' 5\. Convocation ia in no senae representa tive of the Chnrch, nor can it make any law " binding" on the laity. 6\. The Chrietian laity are profanely ignored in ' all schemes which claim inspiration, or " inherent " prerogatives of legislation, for Bishops " alone." 7\. The " fatherly " relation of a Bishop, as well as his administrativo and executive fnnctionB under the law are incGnsistent with bis being also, at the same timej a jodge to Idy UOll iu« r- o...lafB.hiH own m'nisterial acts, and in courts having coeroi'vn jarisdictiun. 8\. The' Chnrch reform, which is at this time nrgently needed, is to give to the laity, AS snob, a share in Chnrch administration, and jndicatnre ; and to incorporate the. ecoleBiaE- tical courts into <he High Conrt of Jastice to whoso " procsdare " theirs sbonld be assiiof- lated, the fiction of "criminal" snits jpro salute anima being abandoned for a civil proccBB as in' the case of lay trnsteos gnilty of a breach of trust, or a violation of contract. Statement and counteu-statemeffr. The following contrasted " examination " of the Cahonioal Principles boncerning cjergy discipline" has been issued by the Chtircb A'sa'ciation, the E.C.U.'s recent manifesto being given 'first, and answered section by section after \- /-;E,0/U.. ' ' ' 1 ." The Cathbljc Church is . 'a divinely constituted Booiety, Hhe visible Kingdom of Christ' upon eatthj pbssesBed of an inherent power of ruling and governing its subjects in spiritual matters : ' C.A.' ' 1\. Christ has as yet no " visible kingdom npoD earth." A visible kingdom connotes a visible king. His kingdom on earth is invisible as a kingdom, and is governed by Himself immediately as an ever present King; His "subjects" being subdued' unto Him by the ever present Spirit, the only " 'Vicar of Christ." The Csthollo Chnrch is a brotherhood in which the office-bearers are "the servants of all." The societies which cobstitnte the visible Chnrch are capable of error (Article XIX.) and "the evil be ever mingled with the good " (Article XXVI.), so that it is not oo-extensive with the " kingdom of Christ" which is " within" men. Luke xvii. 21; Phil. ill. 20. R.V. Churchmen are " subjects " only in the sense that (Hke the members of all human societies), they are bound by their own by-laws (Matt. xx. 26, '27). " 2. This power resides by succesBion in the Episcopate, acting synodicaliy and in- other canonical manner, and in the Episcc. pate alone ; 2\. A power which is alleged para. 1 to be " inherent " in the Society cannot at the same time reside in the Episcopate alone " by Buccession." '3, This power is not limited to doctrine, but embraces positive discipline ; 3\. " Ruling and governing " have no direct application to " doctrine " (2 Cor. i. 24), which can come before courts only as a matter of discipline. "4. Thia power, having been originally and immediately delegated to the Apostles by our Lord Jesus Christ, is of Divine right ; 4\. 'The powers granted by Christ to the Apostles were un'que, and were accompanied by personal and special illumination by the Holy Ghost such as has never been promised or granted to the Epiecopate. Christ never " delegated " His royal rule which He wields cuntinnously; for He is " Head over fill things to His Church" (Eph. i. 22)., " 5. .The Church, -by its own' inherent autbbrity, has power- to make 'laws;' to ad- minister laws, and to enforce' the' 'obsorvarfoe of ite laws in the- spiritual domain— in 1 other words, it possesBes legislative, exeontive;'aid jndioial powers ; 5\. A visible Chnrob has no power to make laws, or'to " enforos " laws, except snch as is possessed equally by all human societies. Snob " laws " relate to this present life, and are (like all bnman acts) " mere temporal." The authority wbich is " inherent " in; the Chnrch (para 1) can " reside " in the clergy only by delegation from " the Church." "6. The sanctiona and penalties of - the Chnrob are, strictly speaking, purely spiri tual ; 6\. A " purely spiritual penalty, means an invisible an intangible penalty : and, as snob, has no relation 'to' a visible "Kingdom" or to Courts of any kind. " 7. The Law administered- is the Canon Law, which binds intrinsioally in consoience ; 7\. "The law- administered" in the vieible Chnrob is - not, and never was uniform or " Catholio for at all times they have been divera" (Article XXXIV). Ecolesiasti- cal law " binds the conscience" precisely as all other bnman law binds it. Conscience is " bound intrinsically " only by, the Law of the inspired Word. " 8.- Procedure, legislative and judicial, is expressly provided for by the Canon Law ; 8\. " The " Canon law here spoken of means the Roman Canon law. Legislative and jndioial procedure is not " expressly provided for," and but barely noticed by' English: Can 'in low. Judicial procedure is in Eugland: regulated by totally different rnles -from those of " the Canon law." - ' . "9. Spiritual Causes must be conolnded- Spiritual Courts ; 9\. The Crown is the "Supreme ordinary," nnd all " spiritual " courts known to English law are courts of the Crown ; spiritual oauae's hofore the Delegates or Judicial Committee of Privy Council are "concluded in spiritual cour's " in the only intelligible sinse of the word " spiritual " as applicable to oourts. A piritual court is a court devoted to the hearing rnnses relating to religion or the Church : not a conrt consisting of clsrgyhian, "like a bench of clerical magistrates trying ca;. (/r. a case of BssBuIt. " 10. The State being, jure divino, the guardian of Civil Rights, is by cdnseqaeiice bonnd, upon complaint made, to ascertain whether 'justice has been -done to on incri minated Clerk ; 10\. Civil rights are the only things which can be dealt with by human laws or hnman conrte. The " church rights " of indiyidnnle being " mere temporal," come before tribunals merely as qnestioDS of civil right. The jnris- diction of all conrts is derived (directly or inoirm.-ii.T) r.o... .l,n niatn. " 11. The tanquamal) abum, suPjuui to the principle'-laid down in No. 9, maybe legitimately made to the State ; 11\. The " appeal tanquam ab abusu " is unknown to English law, arid does not permit any appeal or rehearing on the merits. Its analogue is the power of " Prohibition," poesesBed by the superior courts, to restrain the ecclesiastical conrts within their depart mental and limited jurisdiction. " 12. Statute Law tonohlng EcolosiaBtioal matters is ' mere temporal,' and consists only of rules laid down by the State for the con duct of the Civil Power in dealing with such temporal rights as come in contact with spiritual duties ; 12\. All bnrasn law is neceisarily "mere temporal," being made by mortals for mor. tals during their sojonrn npon earth; But " mere temporal " laws are " binding " upon the " conscience " (Rom. viii. 5). Croiar is the " minister of God." "13. Any so-called Ecclesiastical Court, constituted by Act of Parliament only, poBseeses no spiritual jurisdiction, and conse quently, all its proceedings are spiritually null and void ; 13\. No conrt for ecoleBiastical matters has any " jurisdiotion " save by grant or permis sion of the State. Spiritual matters, properly so-called (i.e. which relate to the mind; heart, ccnscienco, or spirit), are incapable of scibjeq- tion to any human tribunal whatever. "14. ThB Bo cailed Ecclesinstical Conrts, as now existing in England, are not Conrts Christian the. authority of which in spiritual ; matters can be conBcientlcnBly recogiiiBed, inasmuch as the procednre established by the Church Discipline Act of 1840 is " there temporal," and constiiUted by authority of Parliament only — the said Act, moreover, having paralyaod the action of the canonioa! Oourts Christian by a spooific prohibitory clause ; 14\. The "recognition" of authority :bas nothing to do with the reality of the anthority, except on the hypothesis that the people an; the scarce of jurisdiction. ' Recog-f nition (conscientious, or otherwise) in no way affects the jurisdiction of a court. Qnakets cannot " consoientiously " pay war taxes, nor anti- vaccinators "recognise" the salaries of vaccinators; It is enough that the only conrts known to this Chnrob and Realm are " recognised " in Canons I., U., and LY,, and in Atticle XXXYII. ; and that every Clerk has accepted office under the existing Con- stitntion of Cburcb and Btato. "15. None but a Bishop has power to snspend, deprive, or depose a Clerk ; 15\. Basension, deprivation, and disposi tion are effected by various statutes, and oven in civil cjurta. The Dean of the Arohcs, a layman, has the powers which are here falsely restricted 'to ' Bishops. On the' other hand; a Bi:-hop baa no power to suspend, deprive; or depose; except according to there temporal " law. .. And this is whore the 'shoe piuuhus. " ' .. . -w " 16. No pfoyiBion for rjrso facto' yoffianco of an office -or ''benefice can operate-withbht -the 'declaratorjr iientehcetof the Bishop in'tbe spiritaal Court; 'H j . - y 16. jpso facto v'oidance does operate with- .ont any/ snbh need of spisoopal intervention. 'Stephen's Lawi of the Clergy, p. 91). , I' 17. Any scheme for the alteration or re- gnlation of procednre in the matter of discipline must be embodied in Canons enacted by Convooation antrpuoh action of Convoca tion sbonld- precede nny Parliamentary aotiop needed to give civil eanotion to the Canons ; 17\. Canons are the woret possible mode of legislating,' booanse they do not bind thelaity —who form / the bulk of " the - Chnrob." They are the one-eided trades-nnion, bye-laws of the clergy " olbne," often unfair and nnjaqt to the Chnrch, and expresiiag merely the views of tho dominant majority, for the time being', of the members of one singleProfessibn. Convocation has no possible right to speak in tho name of the Chnrob, or even of the olbrgy, as a " representative " body. 1 18. No resolntions of Convocation express ing approval of a Bill in Parliamentpnrporting to regolato Clergy Disoipline can give spiritnal anthority to snob Bill if it becomes law, hbr can such resolntioh be rquivalont to Canons. " 15th Dacember, 1891." 18\. No resolutions of private " unions " can make or nnihake tho legal powers' or'mpral authority of Convocation.' ' \ ! 11th February, 1892. . iiu; ... u henby Millbb; Seoretary, . Chnrob AsBOOiatioD, 14; Bnokingham -street, -.i Strand.' -v .:? 1.. . f , I.-/;, Mi." i;. tl 