MBYMTPUt SIflHT, fHfe CAPTAIN'S PERIL. d OHAPÎER II (Coxtinubd). * Captain Golugent was no coward, but, standing there, in the room of. that lonely inn, with the knowledge that a mnrdered corpse lay beneath the bed, and lie, too, might soon be attacked, he felt his nerves quiver with excitement. The light had fallen on the sido of the alcove, and he saw there a line descending perpondicularly along the wall to the ground. The paper that covered it was of an intricate pattern, and it was at this spot shaded by the ample drapery of the bed. He approached closer, and the light fell on the wall. Be saw then that the perpendicular line which had attracted his attention formed one side of a welldefined doorway cunningly matched into the pattern of the paper. He touched it, and it shook slightly, bat it was securely fastened on the outside. fie stopped with an involuntary gasp. What was the meaning of a door so artfully contrived and in so strange a position 7 He guessed clearly enough.^ The other door, with its obtrusive fastenings, was but a device to delude the occupant of the room into fancied security. At any moment, and probably without any previous warning, the secret door might open, and he would then be at the mercy of treacherous assassins. He saw with dismay that he was caught like a mouse in a trap. What could he do Î Hé stood and thought. With futile regret he remembered his faithful dog shut up in the stable outside, and deplored the easy confidence with which he had consented to their separation. Cœsar was no mean antagonist, and, had the gallant animal been beside him, he might have kept the ruffians at bay. But now the odds against him were heavy. Suddenly an idea flashed across his mind.. It was horrible .and dangerous, but he thought it might possibly snccecd, and there was not much time for deliberation, for the peril was presing. Therefore he proceeded hurriedly to carry out the ghastly plan that suggested itself. He drew forth the bale of carpeting from under the bed, and with hasty hand unwound the lifeless body from the dusty folds. It had been partly stripped, and a deep red stain on the left side of the under-clothing showed that death had resulted from a stab surely aimed at the heart. He lifted the body carefully on to the bed, closed the glassy eyes, and laid the dead man down in an attitude that looked like natural repose ; the left side lay uppermost, and the left arm was thrown over the head, leaving the side defenceless ; then he drew the coverings well up so as to shade tbe pallor of the lifeless face. Be trusted that, when the assassins entered, as they certainly would, to serre him as they had done the other, in their guilty hurry they would not think of looking closely at the figure lying in the bed, and that thus the murderous knife would be used upon the dead instead of upon the living. Then he lay down himself under the bed, and drew the folds of the carpet partially ovar him. He had extinguished die candle, his despatches were in his pocket, and he grasped his pistol, with its solitary ballet, in readiness for the moment of supreme need, should he be called upon to defend his life to the uttermost. A pause of dreadfal expectation ensued It was not the first time that he, the living man, had lain beside the ailent dead. But then he had lain wounded on the battle-field, with the tread of comrades echoing still in the distance, and with the wide pure vault of heaven overhead. Every minute be passed in the murky crime-stained chamber in which he was trapped waF infinitely more horrible to him, in its awful silence, than all the weary hours lie had spent in helpless suffering on the great plains where the brave dead lay so thick around. The house was treacherously still, save when ever and anon a fierce gust of wind shook the crazy window-panes, Ever and ancn too the dog in the stable ontside uttered an impatient bark or fretful howl, or gave noisier demonstration of his wakefulness by springing angrily against the door that kept him a prisoner. At last however the dog too lapsed into silence. Only the watcher under tbe bed remained vigilantly wakcfnl, all his senses in an awful and unnatural tension, listening intently is the deep silence of the night. A clock on the landing struck twelve. Its slow halting strokes fell sharply on his ear, sounding each like a knell to his excited imagination.' As the last stroke died away the heavy oppressive silence resumed its sway. Presently there was a faint creaking sonnd on the worn stairs—stealthy catlike steps approached cautiously ; then there *ras a pause. The captain s heart gave a great bound, and he listened breathlessly. There was an interval of death-like silence. The person outside was listening too. After a while, he seemec satisfied, and a slight fumbling sonnd was heard, accompanied by the careful turning of a key in a well-oiled lock. There was a low "rustle as the paper edges of the-secret door parted, and light streamed in through the aperture The. watcher could not see, but he knew what was passing The assassin was startling on the threshold, and he had thnmn the light of bis dark-lantern on to the sleeper in the bed. For an instant he hesitated, but the careess attitude of the prostrate form emboldened him. " He sleeps sonnd ! The whisper rang lhrongh -the still air like the hiss of a deadly serpent. It was the old man's call to his son to advance and strike the intended victim of their greed. At this critical moment the dog outside awoke, and began to hark furiously, throwing him=clf with noisy reiterated vehemence against tî.c stable door. Some instinct of danger to his master, «roused jterlups bv <ihe sound of »U>ps \- fuoring about or by the passing gleaai w w n t j o f s d of a light, had disturbed- the .trusty creature and made him wildly restless. His roaster. heard him, with a strange sensation of helplessness, and so id the miscreant intruders. * " dorse the dog ! He will wake him ! " hissed the other voice. " Don't lose time then ! Strike, you fool—strike ! " - • The brief colloquy took but a moment, but the short delay seemed an age. There was a hurried stride forward, then a dull thud over his head, and a second, and third. The great iour-post bed shook and creaked the heavy blows struck the lifeless form that lay there, bât the côld steel evoked no cry. With a shuddering gasp the murderer drew back from his foul work. " It is rwelldone," said the reraoreless voice of the olii man. " He did not make noise—that one !" Ah, see the fine gold watch—that's well worth the trouble !_,. Bète, do. you tremble ? Bah, let ns finish the work at once ! I will oarry down this one ; you ake the other to the old well—you know." It wag ndt'-over yet then—the actual struggle was all to come ! Captain Golugent nerved himself for it and, throwing aside fhe 'wrappings, waited for the ihoment when the valance shonld be raised to spring up and fire, and then close in deadly conflict with his assailant. There was a little farther delay. The murderer hesitated to comply with the suggestion of his father. He was, however, just about to lift the valance in order to draw forth.the snpposed corpse, when a most unexpected interruption took-placa. The half-opened door flew back on its hinges and a panting creature bounded in and threw itself with wild fury upon the stooping figure of the assassin. It was Caesar ! With a furious grip the animal fastened on the outstretched h:>nd of his miscreant, nearly severing his thumb before he could be dislodged. A frightful oath and wild yells of pain rang through the chamber, and the man dropped the valance, while the other came to his rescue and struck at the dog. With much trouble they contrived to reach the dooi, and to slain it hastily between themselves and their formidable adversary, as they retreated terrified and bleeding. The gallant animal, though brnNed and wounded in the fray, fawned with rapturous joy on his master, who crept forth unscathed from his hiding-place, and who, with that trusty friend beside him, felt.comparatively safe from further attack. The pain and rage of the craven fellow found vent in frantic cries, which sounded more like the roar of some wild beast' than any human utterance, and Cœsar replied to them with a growl of mingled fury and triumph. .No one came near the chamber during the rest of the night. The wounded man needed all the care of the other, and it wa<* not likely that they would risk another encounter with Cœsar un aided. It seemed therefore that there were not any other accomplices within call. Subsequent examination of the stable door gave the clue pretty plainly. The hasp that had held the bolt was found on the ground, and the bolt was hang ing nseless on the door. The nails that had held the hasp were old and rusty, and mast have given way nnder the repeated shocks given by the dog as he sprang with violence against the door, which was fastened, and his keen scent would promptly guide him to his master's side. At length the gray dawn catne creeping in through the unshuttered windows, and Captain Golagent completed his preparations for departure. A distant tinkling made him aware that the world was beginning to stir, and that other human beings were awake and probably not far off. The cheerful sound of the tinkling bells came nearer, and he found to his satisfaction that it proceeded from the teams of some waggoners, who after a while appeared within sight, and drew np at the door of the inn to water their horses. He jndgei the moment favourable for his descent. Unlocking the door and holding Csesar firmly by the collar, he ent softly down the front stairs by hich he had come up on the previous ight, and appeared in the doorway of he parlour. The old man was there alone, having ust returned from serving the customer» utside. Turning suddenly ronnd, be ound himself confronted by the tranger, whom he believed to be lying ead upstairs. An ashy hue overd the hardened face, and terror made him drop the glass ia his hand, He thought it was the ghost of his victim that stood before him. " Bring me my horse ! " said Captain Golagent, with stern. brevity, vouch Baling no word of explanation. The man' did not wait to be told a second time, and, having fastened the bridle of the horse to a hook by the door, he slnnk away silently. The waggoners looked on curiously as the officer mounted his horse and rode away sternly and silently ; but he judged it wisest not to gratify their evident cariosity. He gave information of the murder which had been com mitted—and which had so nearly been a double one—at the first police- station which he passed. A few hoars later the officers of justice arrived on the spot, but they found the house deserted by its owners, and all traces of the recent murder carefully obliterated. It was not till after several years had elapsed that the two miscreants who on this occasion had baffled the pursuit of justice finally suffered the penalty their crimes. Some other notorious murder was traced to thein', and the last confession led to their identification as the former hosts of the ill-famed * Waggoners.* A well- merited though tardy retribution brought both father and son to the gallows at la?t. Captain Golugent returned from his ernnd in safety, and lived for many years to enjoy the distinction and rewards of a gallant though chequered career. \- NbwWxfe—"To-morrow isyour birthday, darling, and I am going to stop at the jeweller's and buy you a present." fier hubby—"Get something cheap, pet, haven't {«id him for my Christmas present yefc" • • b l i i k b c k A a l b t 