CHAPTER XXL-THE 1>EAT1£;0F CIIAICt. How, on tho morrow, two hours before . midday, Chaka came from the hut whore ho Lad sat through tho night, and mored to a little.kraal surrounded by. "a fence that was some fifty paces distant from tho hut.. Por it was iny duty,'day by day, to'choose that place whero the king should sit to hear tho cpunsel. of his indunns, and give judgment ' on those "whom he would kill, and to-day I . had ¡.chosen this place. Chaka went alone from his hut to tho kraal, and, .for. my own xeasons, 1 accompanied him, walking after ¡ lim. As wo went tho king glanced back at i rarTVyer his , should or, and said in a low; ; Toicé-J ~-v-? j ' Is all prepared, Hopo.P' ;.! ' All is prepared, Black Ono,' I answered. ; ' Tho regiment of tho' Slayers will be hore by noon. _ "TiWhore aro tho princes^Mopof ' risked tho liing again. ,v,; ;)u;s! ' c,'.Tho princes sit with- tlioir >wivos in tho louses of their womon. O.rKing,! I answered.' .,'They drink boor, and, sloops uv tko laps of their wives.' ' -,'¡v " / Ohnka smiled grimly.;,!' Fortho lasttimoj Mopol',:;; .vr.ieü.t ' Fox tho last timo, O King.' ~lW,e i .carno )toV,tbe; kraal,L and ¿Ohalca.sat down in thoish'ade'íof . tho rood fence, uport an ox-hido that-wnsr-brayed soft. Near him stood a girl holdingra'.gourd of beer ; there was also present ., the old~chief Inguazonca, brother of XJnáridi,;Móther;óf the Heavens, and the chief Umxnmama, whom Chnka loved. When we had Bat a little'while in the kraal, certain men came .in bearing cranes' feathers, which tho king had sent them to gather a month's journey from the kraal Êuguza, and they were admitted before the king. These mon bad been away long upon their, errand, and Chaka was angry with-them. -Now, tho- Jeader of the men was on old captain-of Cbaka's, who had fought under him in many battles, but whose service was done, because his right hand had been shorn away by tho blow of an ase. Ile was a great man aud very brave.. Chaka asked the man why bo had been so long in finding tho feathers, and ho answered that tho birds had flown from, that part of the country whither he was sent, and ho must wait there till they returned, that he might snare them. ; '" ? Thou shouldBt have followed the cranes, thou disobedient dog,' Baid the king. 'Let him bo taken away, and all those who were with him.' - ; Now some of the men prayed a little for mercy, but tho captain did but salute the king, calling him 'Father,' and craving a boon before he died. ' What wouldst thou ?' asked Chaka. ' My: father,' said the man, ' I would ask thee twi> things. I have fought many times at thy sido in battle while wo both wore !young ; nor. did I ever turn my back upon the foe. Tito blow that shore the hand from off this arm was aimed at the head, O.King; I stayed'it witb: my'naked arm. It is no- thing ; at thy will 1 live, at thy will I die. Who am I that I should question the word of the king ?. Yet I would ask this, that ^thou wilt withdraw the linross from about thee, O King, that for tho last-time my eyes may feast themselves upon the body of him whom, above all men,''I loto.' 'Thou art long-winded,' said tho king, ' what more?' ".' v - 1 ThiB, my father, that I may bid farewell to my son ; he is a little child,, so high, O King,' and ho hold his hand above his knee. 1 'Thy first boon is granted,' said the king, slipping tho karóss from his shoulders and showing the great breast beneath. ' For the second it shall be granted also, for I will not willingly divide tho father and the son. Bring the boy here ; thou shalt bid him fare- well, then; thou shalt slay bini with thine own hand ere thou thyself art slain . it will bo good sport to seo.' Now- the man turned grey beneath the blackness of his skin, and trembled a little as he murmured, 'The king's will is tho will of his servant; let the child be brought.' But I looked at Chaka and 'saw'that the tears were running down' his face/and* that ho only spoke thus to try the captain, who loved him to tho last.' ' Let the man go,' said'the king, ' him and those with him.' ; So they went glad at heart and praising the king, I havo told you this, my father, though it has not to do with my story, because then, and then only, did I ever seo Ohaka show morey to one whom he had doomed.to die. As the captain and 'his people left'-the gate of the kraal, it was Bpokeu in the ear of the king that a man sought'audience of him. 'Ho was admitted crawling on his knees. I ; looked and saw that this was that Masilo . whom Chaka had charged with a message to him who was named Bulalio, or the Slaught- erer, and who ruled ; over, the People of the Axe. It was Masilo indeed, but he was no longer fat, for much ^travel had made him thin ; moreover, on his back were tho marks of rods, as yet scarcely healed over. ...'. Who art thou?' said Chaka. ; ,'- \ \ '"' ' I am'Masilo, of tho people of the Axe, to whom. command was given to run with a message" to. Buialio the Slaughterer, their chief, and to return on the thirtieth day. Behold, O King,'! have returned, though in a sorry plight !'. , . \ It seems BO !' said tho king, laughing aloud. ' I remember now : speak on Masilo the Thin, who 'wast':Masilo tho fat? What of this Slaughterer ? Does he coine with his people to lay tho axe Groan-Maker in my hands?' ' Nay, O- King, ho comes not. Ho met me with scorn, and..with scorn ho drove tue from his kraal. Moreover, as I went I was seizod.by the servonts bf Zinita., she whom I wooed, but whbiJs now. the¿ wife of tho Slaughterer, and' laid 'on; my'face upon the ground and beaton cruelly whilo Zinita nutn bored the strokes.' , *' ' 'Hah!' said tho-king. 'And. what woro the words of this puppy ?' ? ? ? ' These were his words, O King: 'Bulalio tho Slaughterer, who sits beneath the shadow of tho Witch Mountain, to Bulalio 'the Slaughterer who sits , in tho kraal Ducuza To thee Ï pay no tribute ; if thou wouldst have tho axe : Q-roan- inaker,'corao: to the Ghost Mountain and take it. This I promise theo : thou shalt look onafaco thou knowest for there is one there who would bo avenged for the blood of a certain Mopo," Now, while Ma8ilo-told this tale I had seen two things-first, that a little piece of stick was thrust through-tho, straw of the fence, and, secondly, that tho regiment of the ;Bees was clustering on the slope opposite to the kraal in obedience to tho/summons I had sent them in the name of ITmhlangana. .Tho stick told me that tho princes werebidden behind the fence waiting.the signal, nnd tho ¡coming, of the regiment-that it waa time,to do tho deed.-;---. ----- When Masilo had spoken Chaka sprang' up jin fury. His oyes rolled, his face worked, foam flew from his lips, for such words as these had never offended his ears since he was hing, and Masilo knew him little, else he i h had not dared to utter them. . ' . JPor á while he gasped, shaking ? his small ' spear, for at first he could not .speak.' At length he found words- V ' The dog,' he hissed/ ' tho dog who dares thus to spit in my face 1 Hearken all ! As .with iny last breath I command that*this Slaughterer, be torn limb from limb, he and all his tribe 1 And thou, thou daresfc to bring mo this talk from a skunk of the moun- tains. And thou, too; Mopo, thy. name is named in it.*^ Well,'of thee presently. Ho ! TJmxamamà, my sei'Tant, slay me this slave ¡of messenger, .beat; out his brains.with thy stick. Swift! swift!'. ' ' * i Now, the old chief TJmxarnama sprang up ' ; to_ do_the.king's bidding, but he was feeble ' j wi th age,-and the.end:ofit was, that Masilo, ¡ 'being mad with fear, killed TJniiamama, not ' ;Umxamama Masilbr'' 'Then Inguazoncn, ! brother ;of "Unandi Motlier of !tbeäHeavens, I . fell, upon Masilöiandj.endedv^hirärbüt' was ! i hurt himself in so doing.- Now I looked afc j 1 Clmkàj who stood shaking tho little red spear, ' jand.thought swiftlyrfpryttójb70urlhad como.""? i Help cried,- -'one-!is-slaying, tho .king!' * 1 " ' 1:... '. - " . | i : ; As I- spoke the reed.fence burst asunder/ j and through it¡ plunged thepmces'Umhlan.-,¡| i gana and Dingaan, as bulla plunge through a brake. Then I pointed to Ohakn with my withered hand, saying, ' Behold your king !' Now, from beneath the shelter of his kaross, each Prince drew out a short stabbing spear, and plunged it'into the body of Chaka the king. Unihlangana smote him on the left shoulder, Diugaau struck him in the right side. Chaka dropped the little spear handled with the red wood and looked round, and so royally that the princes, lus brothers, grew afraid and shrank away from him. Twice ho looked on each ; then he spoke, saying : ' What ! do you slay me, my brothers-dogs of mine own house, whom I have fed? Do you slay me, thinking to possess the land and to rule it ? I tell you it shall not be for long^ 1 hear a sound of running feet-the feet of a great white people. They shall stamp you fiat, children of my father ! They shall rule the land that I have won, and you and your people shall be their Blaves !', Thus Chaka spoke while the blood ran down him to the ground, and again he looked on them royally, like a buck at gaze. . 'Make on end, O ye who would be kings!' I cried ; but their hearts had turned to water and they could not. Then 1, Mopo, sprang forward and picked from the ground that little assegai handled with the royal wood-the same assegai with which Chaka had murdered Unandi, his mother, and Moosa, my son, and lifted it on high, and while I lifted it, my father, once more, as when I was young, a red veil seemed to wave before my eyes. 'Wherefore wouldst thou kill me; Mopo?' said the king., 'For tho sake o£. Baleka, my sister, to whom I swore the deed, and of all my kin,' I cried, and plunged the spear through him. He sank down [upon the tanned ox-hide, and lay there dying. " Once moro he spoke, and once only, saying : ; Would now that I had. hearkened to the voice of Nobela,' who warned me against' thee, thou dog !' Then he was silent forever. But I knelt over him and called in his ear the names of those of my blood who bad died at his bands-tho name of Makedamu, my father, of my mother, of Anadi my wife, of MooRa my son, and all my other wives and children, and of Baloka my sister. His eyes and ears were open, and I think, my father, that he saw and understood ; 1 think also that the hate upon my face as I shook my withered hand before him was more fearful to him than tho pain of. death. At the least, he turned his head aside, shut his eyes, and groaned. Pre- sently they opened again, and he was dead. Thus then, my father, did Chaka the king, the greatest man who has ever lived in Zulu- land, and the most ovil, pass by my hand'to those kraals of the Inkosazana where no' Bleep is. . In blood bodied as he had lived in blood, for tho climber at last falls with the tree, and in the end the swimmer is borno away by the stream. Now he trod that path which had been beaten flat for him by the feet of people whom he had slaughtered, many aa the blades of grass upon a mountain side; but it is a lie to say, as 'some do, that he died a coward, praying for mercy. Chaka died as he had lived, a brave man. Ou! my father, I know it, for these eyes Baw it and this hand let out his life. . Now he was dead and the regiment of the Bees drew near, nor could T know how they would take this matter, for, though the Prince Umhlangana was their general, yet all the soldiers loved the king, because he had no equal in battle, and when he gave he gave with an open hand. I looked round; the princes stood like men amazed ; the girl had'fled; the chief TTinxamama was dead at the hands of dead Masilo ; and the old chief Inguazonca,who had killed Masilo, stood by, hurt'and wondering ; there were ho others in the kraal. * ' Awake,'ye kings,' I cried to the brothers, ' the im pi is' at the gates! Swift, now stab that man !'-and I pointed to tho old chief -1 and leave the matter to my wit.' . Then Dingaan roused himself, and spring- ing upon Inguazonca, tho brother of Unandi, smote him a great blow with bis spear, so that'he sank down dead without a word. Then again "tho princes stood silent and amazed, '.This ono will tell no tales,' I cried, point- ing to the fallen chief. ?- . Now, a rumour of tho slaying had got abroad among tho women, who had heard cries and seen the flushing of spears above! the fence, and from the women it had come to the regiment of the Bees, who advanced to the gates of the kraal singing. Then bf a sudden they ceased their singing and rushed towards the little kraal where we stood. Then I ran to meet them, uttering cries of woe, holding in my hand the little assegai of the king red with the king's blood, and spoke '.'with.the captains in tho gate, saying ' Lamont, yo captains and ye soldiers, weep and lamont, for your father is no moro! He who nursed you is no more ! Tho king is dead ! Now earth aud heaven will como together, for tho king is dead !' 'How so, Mopo?' cried tho leader of the Boes. ' How is our father dead ?' ' He is dead by tho hands of a wicked wanderer named Masilo, who, when he y/aa doomed to die by the king, snatched this assegaifrom the king's baud and stabbed him ; and afterwards, bofore ho could be out down himself by us three, the princes and myself, ho killed tho chiefs Inguazonca and Uuixa mama also.' Draw near and look on him who was tho king; it is the command of Dingaan and TJmhlangann, tho kings, that you draw near and look on him who was the king, that his death at tho hand of Masilo may bo told through all tho land,' 'JTOU aro better at making of kings, Mopo, than at the saving of Ono*who was'your king from tho stroke of a wanderer,' said the loader of the Bees, looking at me doubtfully.' But his words passed uuheeded, for some I of the captains wont forward to look on the Q-reat Ono who was dead, and some, together with most of the soldiers, mn this way and that, crying in their fear that now the heaven and earth would come together, aud the race of man would coaso to be, because Chaka, tho king, was dead. Now, my father, how shall I, whoso days are few, tell you of ; all tho matters that happened after-the death of Dhaka P "Were I to speak of them all they would fill many books of tho white men, and, perhaps, some 'of them are written down there.' Por this reason it is, that I may be'brief, I bave only spoken bf a .few of those events, which befell in tho reign" pf ' Chaka ;Vfor; iny tole1' is, not pf tho reign ;oE. Chaki, but of the lives of a ;handf ul of people who dived in thoBO days, 'nnd^pf whom'Lan^ .loft.alive-if,'indeed,",UmsiopogaaB,rtho Bon" pf. Dhaka," ÍB still Hvin^pn tho earth.',-.-There^ lore, in a.fovf'wor.dB X^HUjpam^bt'alt'lbA^'.' .came' about after tho fall ot : Dhaka - and^ till J was sent' down ;by -Dingaan^-.the king^tb summon him to.surrendór-tb'''theí kMgiwlib: )wïs/called fthe-81aughtö the-People of the Axe. Ah ! would -that-I had known for certain that thia was none other, than Umslopogaas, for then had Din- gaan gone- the way that. Chaka went and which Umhlangana followed, and Umslopo gaas had ruled the people of the Zulus as their king. But, alas ! my wisdom failed me. I paid no heed to tho voice of my heart, which told me that this was Umslopo- j gaaa who sent the message to Chaka threat- ening vengeance for one Mopo, and I knew nothing till too late; surely, I thought, the man spoko of some other Mopo.' Por thus, my father, does destiny make fools of us men. Wo think that we can , shape our fate, hut it is fate that shapes us, and nothing befalls except fate will it. All things are a great pattern, my father, drawn by the hand of the Umkulunkulu upon the cup whence be drinks the water of his wisdom; and our lives, and what we do, and what we do not do, are but a little bit bf the pattern, which is so big that only the eye of Him who is above, tho Umkulunkulu, can see it all. How, then, can we be wise, my father, who are but the tools of wisdom ? how can we build who .are but pebbles in the wall ? how can we give life who are but babes in the womb of fate ? "or how can we slay who are but spears in the hands of the slayer? This came about, my father. Matters were made straight in the land after the death of Chaka. At first people said that Masilo,-the stranger, had stabbed the king; then it was known that Mopo, the wise man, the doctor and body- servant of the king, had slain the king, and that the two great bulls, his brothers Umhlangana and, Dingaan, children of Senzangacona, had' also lifted Bpears against him. But he was dead, and earth and heaven had 'not come together, 'so what did'it matter? Moreover, tho two new kings promised to deal gently with tho people, and to lighten the heavy yoke of Chaka, and men in a bad case. are always ready' to hope for a better. So' it came about that the only enemies .the princes found were each other-and "Engwade, the son of Unandi, Chaka's half-brother. But Ï, Mopo, who- was now the first man: in the land after the kings, ceasing to be a doctor and becoming a general, went up against Engwade with the regiment of the Bees and the regiment of the Slayers and smote him in his kraals. It was a bord fight, but. in: the end I destroyed him and all his people : Engwade killed eight men with his own hand before I slew him. Then I came book to the kraal with the few that were left alive of the two regiments. ' '. .. . After that the two kings quarrelled more and more, and I weighed them both in my balance, for I would-know which was the most favourable to me.- ' Inthe ODd I found that both feared mo, but that! Umhlangana would certainly put me to death if he gained the upper band, whereas this was not yet in the mind of Dingaan. So I pressed down the balance of Umhlangana and : raised that of Dingaan, sending the : fears of Umhlan- gana to Bleep till I could cause his but to be surrounded.' . Then Umhlangana followed upon the road of Chakahisibrother, thoroad of the assegai ; and Dingaan rilled alone for a. while. Such aro the things that befall Erinces of this earth, my father. See, I am ut a little man, and my lot is' humble at the last, yet I haye brought about tho death of three of them, and of these two died by my hand. >? .;' ?.><? ;---;0"----- ? It was fourteen days after'the passing away of tho Prince Umhlangana that the great army came back in a sorry plight from. the marshes of the Limpopo, for half of them were left dead of fever and the might of the foe, and the rest were starving. It was well for them 'who yet lived that Chaka was no more, else they had joined their brethren who were dead on the way. ; since never before for many years had a Zulu impi returned uuvictorious -and without a Bingle head of cattle. . : Thus it carno about that they were glad enough to welcome n king who spared their lives, and thenceforth till his fate found him, Dingaan reigned un- questioned. ' . " ' ,"";' -.'y' Now, Dingaan wos a prince of tho blood of Chaka indeed; for,.like .Chaka, he was great in presence and cruel' at heart, but he had not the might andi mind of Chaka. Moreovor;he was treacherous and a liar, and these Chaka was not. Also, he loved women much, and spent with them the time that he should have given to matters of the State. Yet he reigned awhile in the land, .il must tell this also: that Dingaan would, have killed Panda, his half-brother, BO that the bouse of Senzangaconn, his father, might be swept out clean. ¡ Now, Panda was a man of gentle heart,' who did- not love war, and therefore it-was thought" that.bo was half- witted ; and, because I loved' Panda, when tho question of his slaying came on, I and the chief Mapita spoke ." against it, and ploaded for him, saying that there was no- thing to, be feared'at. his handswho was a fool. So in the end Dingaan gave'way, say- ing, ' Well, you ask me to spare thiB'.dog and I will Bparo him, but one day he will bite me? '.?'"' ?''? ' - ? ? _ '.. : So Panda was made governor of .the king's cattle. Tetin the end the words of Dingaan came true, for it was the grip of Panda's teeth that pulled him from the throne; only, if Panda was the dog that bit, I, Mopo, was the man who set bim on the hunt. (To bli. continued in Saturday's issue.') 