Notices to Correspondents. CORRESPONDENTS who, of their own accord, send us their MSS. must for the future forward with them a stamped addressed cover for their return, or we cannot be responsible for their safe keeping. Wk have to remind readers who forward stories and other contributions for Insertion in the Qurrnttantlrr that such matter is not paid for except by special arrangement. Those who send such manuscripts must inclose poxlHgj Kutmps for their return if rejected, otherwise they must be destroyed. We are compelled to enforce this rnlo on account of the large number of rejected mttuusciipts which have acuwnnlattd through its non-observance. Si;i R 'kiukii (Biuiduberg).—Tho following mixture should prevent tho weevil injuring tho skins:—To 1 gallon of water add lib. carbolic acid, 2oz. arsenic, and lib. salt. When tho ingredionts nre dissolved apply tho mixture to tho fleshy side of the skin by means of t\ brush. A light application will suflke. Gajuh:xku (South Brisbane).—Fowl droppings form a very potent nmnuvo, and if applied in quantity to plants will probably kill them. For garden pur poiCi a convenient method is to mix tho droppings with five or six times their bulk of soil before spread ing over the surface, mid dtsrjring or raking in. Amatri'ii (Gayndah).—Spread four or five blinkets or rues over a bed. Wring a sheet thoroughly out of cold water and spread on the top of the blankets. Lay the patient on the sheet, with his head on a pillow. Thcu commence packing by first passing one mdc of the sheet, then the other, over him, and continue the same process with each of the blankets separately. If the patient is very nervous his arms need only be covered by the last blanket. Time of tho pack, from half an hour to nn hour according to circumstances. Tho patient must bo taken direct from the pack to a tub,ami thoroughly washed down in cold or tepid water. Better invest in a copy of Gully's, Trail's, or Shew's work on hydropathic treatment, to be had of any Brisbane bookseller. li. A. (Tambo).—The weed is Portalaca olcracca. A. P. N. (Cape-road).—The strychniuo in injeetcd into the b!ood in the form of a solution. We do not think it would bo advisable for any one but a doctor to apply the remedy until it is better known. HfiLKCTtm (Boweu).—lf the facts are as yon state, B can only impound the cattle and hiio for damages. Your responsibility for rent ccateJ at the end of the stipulated period. T. 8. B. (Townsville).— We think you are quite wrong in your argument that tlte imposition of Id. on out side newspapers reposted iv the colony is a tax on local industry. It is calculated to benefit the local papers. Wchave had enough about (he newspaper postage, and hardly anything new can be said on the subject. Ai-roha.—(l) W«: cannot turn up thereeipp referred to, but perhaps this will do as well:—Chop some wattle bark up fine, place in. a copper and boil for a few minutes to better extract the tinnin, or place it in a barrel and pour boilinjt water over it. When it has cooled down throw in the green skiim ha they are freshly stripped from tike animals, and let thorn lie immersed in the liquor fo;- a wnek, then take them out, spread them on a blab, and scrape the flesh off them, and turn down the tugs, *c Place back Again in the tan solution, and allow to remain another weok, then remove them, wash in pure water, and peg them out on boards to dry, llosh side out. When dry, rub a little bet woe v the hands to make pliable. No other curing U nece.-sary. (d) The article on buck wheat io in hand, and will probably appeur next wco'.t. J. Giiikox (C'ooktov/n).—Declined. Your pen is too prolific, and wo ttud it difficult to follow the thread of your very involved argument. Ixsi.cr (Riieklmmptoii,l.—lt is hta.'ed that oil of pep permint is a very powerful insecticide, aud when in vapour diluted even to one part to 100,000 will kill cockroaches in an hour. They will die in r.onvui- Hious. On; drop of the oil placed under a bell Jar covering h cultivation of cholera bacilli will kill both bacilli and Bpores in forty-eight hour*. It is also regarded as among the best mirKieul antiseptics, and of croat value in phthisis and diphtheria. It might bo nsod with adV&ntage; for destroying red spider, mealy bug, scale, nnd other noxious insects on pot pinnts. A. IX P. (liO.igre.ieh).—;l) There- arc 4'1,r,00 square feet in an acre. The width andlenglh depend entirely on the shupo of the piece of land; for instance, if the land is nqu«ro it will ha n shade over 303*71 ft. each way, or it muy be IKJOft. by 121 ft., or IOSJft. by 40ft., aiid so ou. (U) Thin question is not at all clear to u-s. It depends entirely on the situation of the land. If it is oat in the back blocks it may be worth Is. an aero a year, or ft no»r v town it may bring in much more than that. (3) No notice at all unlosa the Government has leased the land, and then the notice will have been arranged beforehand. (4) No compensation unless provided for iv the leuoo. D. D. (IJtoiO.—He is a ghostly body, sometimes taking one shape and sometimes another; but he i* a very friendly ghost all the. same-** friend of all who help him. SuosmißKß Criuidarimbaj.—(l)AdTcrti»iiis in the only Butisfactory way. (2) Ditto. . C. K. V. D. —X i* certainly out; he should not have been out of his crease. H. W. W. (Bowen Dowiih).—lf No. 1 plays aC, No. 2 a ">, and No.!J a 7, No. 8 counts a run of three. There Is no further score in bpite of the fact that No. 2 plays another 5 as the former 5 interrupts the sequence. The piny of ">, 7, ii conucs nothing; there !mm->» be three numbers in sequence to make a run. We hope you have kept a copy of your letter, but understand that the only score fov all the play described is the run counted by No. U. Subscriber (Maryborough!. -Your notieo is quite (suffi cient. If not complied with in throe months Rfter Korvicj you can build the fenco nnd recover lmlf the co.^t by ssuing at the nearest court of patty Bosslons. If tun l»nd chan^ hands you recover piymcnt from the n*w owner «» *ho ooenpier. Th 3 cl«rk of petty H'j.i>«lons will dlrci'tyoiihotv to proceed if you decide; to take legal measure!!. (_•>•,-,r..—(1) The lioril Mayo*- of Tjoudon is elected by the aldermen front among themselves, and holds ofllce for a year, (d) The Lord Mayor is the head nf tho local .iu'dioature, and khe executive authority for (virrying th's ordinn-ncesof tho council into effect. In the eiyil governn>ento{-the oUy he reproHcnts the Hovercisii. Hi is also the i;on«ervator of the Hiver Thames, and on the royal demise becomes for the time n Privy Councillor. (Bj The Lord Mayor is the only mayor in London. CoxstaN! Hkai>:.i; (St. Ocor£«;).—(li The present Par liament will Ims dissolved by cfli:ix:iu of time .nft«rr thaooaiiu^ ws3(.oti. (^' Not unless he heco.ncs in yolvcnt. He may bj nsked lo resign by his con stituents, but there can be no "vompulslou" about the matter. The St. Vincent islanders appear to be a peculiar people. If there is any truth in the stovy published by the h'tw York Herald, they have hit on quite a new motive for a riot. Tho notion of a furious mob hooting the Governor, atoning a British naval officer, and refusing to move on till persuaded by a detuchment of blue jackets with a Nordenfelt gun—and all because they cannot have as many Judges as they want —might be taken from the plot of a comio opera. The next thing will be a riot with the battle cry, " Give us more policemen." How ever it is more than probablo that the report which has reached New York is merely an exaggerated iu-oount of some trivual occurrence. Still, if there is really a widespread and de termined opposition to the Act of the local Legislature reducing the number of Judges of Appeal, it ia a pity that some i.iodit* vireiidi oannofbe arranged. There can be no objection to letting the colony keep its four Judges it it Till nay for Llumi. 