THE MURCHISON GOLDFIELDS NEGLECTED 1 " TENDERS are invited from persons willing to contract for the proper Government of all that portion of Western Australia North of Perth, t'-nders tube based on a percentage on the revenue collected. Present tariff and other imposts to remain intact." To Toe editob. SlB, — If some such advertisement as the above were to appear in tha next Government Gazette, we might hope that the goldfields would not suffer much longer from sheer neglect. This is written from Mount Magnet, a gold- field which has bsen worked for quite nine months, yet we have no mail ; newspapers, never come to hand, but letters sometimes turn up quite by chance, often six months after date. There is neither police protection nor a Gov ernment representative of any sort here. Taking advantage of this neglect, the blacks have fre quently robbed the diggera' tents during their absence at work, and, having got scot free, have become bolder, and quite recently tents were stripped bare of food andclothiug, within fifty yards of the workings. Men known to have died in tlie bush have been allowed to remain unburied for montl s and have eventually been intered without — as far p.s I am aware— any official ecq-iiry as to the ci use of death. Others laid up with fever, have been saved from death by starvation and thirst, by the accidental discovery that they were lying helpless in their tents, not one hun dred yards from other camps, and have thus had their sufferings prolonged only to die at last from want ot medical attendance, and the necessary authority which cunld compel their removal to an hospital. Further, persons are known to have bec-n trading with traps and teams to the goldfields for many months selling goods, and also liquors openly without the ghost of a licanse. This latter trade has also been dona by settled residents, yet no effort has been made to stop this illicit traffic or to protect the revenue. Every digger whether he gets gold or not, must have a miner's right. Yet these persons are allowed to carry on their trading making big profits, free of tax, and without fear of penalty.- If a few score of diggers' lives are of no ac count iu the eyes of the Government, one wouid at least expect they would be careful to see that the revenue should not suffer. The above statements are literal facts and if they be no'. euEcient to furm matter for a "no confidence" motion, I think our gold- field representatives will scarcely win their spin's. Other matters of importance in the near future should be looked to at once. Reserves should he made at stated places along the tracks and around the different camps, for unless tlie feed is preserved no digger will be able to keep a horse, and cartage will continue at tiie present high rates. Now also is the time to be boting for water ; in a month or two water will be at famine prices in certain localities unless steps be taken at once. Trusting that this lett.r may not be too long for insertion I am. Yours truly, WISP. 