8xto and § feetto, NOW FIB3T PUBLISHED.] Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea! AN OCEAN MYSTERY; BY tt\ CLAEK RUSSELL. Aothor oF 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Death Ship,' ?« My Danish Sweet heart,' &ct; &c; [all rights reserved.] Chapter XL— I am Supplied with Cixrasxs. 'I do not thiuk,' said Mrs. Lee, when we were alone, ' that Mrs. Webber had so good an opinion of herself. Bnt she is well mean ing, and she will be useful to yon.' ?* Do yon think her imagination will help me?' said L ' Untflyourmemoryreturns/'aheanswered, ' what could she tell yon that yon would be able to say yes or no to ? -Hat let her question you. On a dark morning without a compass one can never t«U in what quarter the day will break.' At this moment Captain Ladmore arrived on deck, and he immediately joined us. ' I hope, madam,' said he. Addressing me, 14 to have the pleasure of seeing you at the ailoon table to-day.' 'You are extremely good,' I answered, 'bat I do not feel equal to sitting at the saloon table. The privacy of my cabin, and the society of Mrs. and Miss Lee whenever they will endure me, are all that I wish. Besides, I cannot forget ? ' I faltered and was silent. ' What cannoL you forget ?' said he gravely. **I am not a passenger,1' said I, looking down. ' What ia in yon wind when you pronounce the word passenger t' he asked. ' A passenger is one who pays,' I answered. 11 How do yon know that?' said he. 'I know it,' said I, after thinking a little, *' because Miss Lee told me Uiat her mother bad hired the cabin for the round voyage.' ** p1*- *' he exclaimed, ^Trehpnging a look with Mrs. Lee. 'Well?' he continued, slightly smiling, ** yon will consider yourself a passenger who does not pay. You are the guest of the ship. Some ships are hospitable and liberal hostesses, and the owners of the Deal Castle would wish her to be one of them. Do pray be perfectly easy on that score,' I bowed my head murmuring, u Thank you.' *' There is one consoling part to be borne in mind,' said he, addressing Mrs. Lee, ' one fact that should tend to console and soothe thin lady i it is this ? she is single. She might have been a married woman, -friren by disas ter from her husband and worse still from her children. Bat pat it that she has parents— it may not be so ; who can tell that her parents are living ? But to be sundered from a nioUier and a father to whom in the course of time one is certain to return is not like being torn from one's children. This is a consideration to console you. Miss C.' 'Do not cry,' said Mrs. Lee, taking my arm. ' I fully agree with the captain. Only think how it would be if, instead of being jnpgfc, yon were a -mother, -cruelly and strangely taken away from your children. ' At this point Sir Frederick Thompson, who had been intently surveying us from the other aide of the deck, approached. He bowed, and lifted a little white wideawake. ' I beg pardon for intruding,' said he, ' but I should ukc to ask (Ms lady a question.' ' If it refers to anything that is past. Sir Frederick,' exclaimed Captain Ladmore, *' I fear she will not be able to satisfy your curiosity.' ' There's no curiosity, 7 said Sir Frederick, ** it's merely this : when I was sheriff. Lady Thompson and me, for my poor wife was then living, were invited to the bouse of Lord ? ' and he named a certain nobleman ; ** and I remember that at supper X sat uext to his Lordship's sister-in-law. Lady Looey Cal thorpe, whose father was third Far! ? ,'and here he pronounced the name of another nobleman. ' What I wanted to say is that this lady U the very hiraage of Lady Looey, excepting that Lady Looey 'adn't white 'air. Now, ma'am,' said he, addressing me, ' of course youTre not Lady Looey ; bnt you might be a relative, for Lady Looey had several sisters and a great number of cousins.' ' I do not know who I am.' I answered. ** How long ago is it since you sat beside Lady Lacy Calthorpeat supper, Sir Frederick?' asked the Captain. ' Why, getting on for two years and an 'art' '* And you remember her distinctly enough to enable you to lind a likeness to tier in this lady!' '* God bless you, captain, yea. If it wasn't for Uie white 'air I should say that this lady was Lady Looey herself.' ' Is Caltborpe the family name of the Earl of ? ?' said Mrs. Lee. *' Certainly, it is,' answered Sir Frederick, ' you'll find it in the peerage.' ?♦The lady's initials are A.C.,' said the Captaiu. Sir Frederick struck the palm of his hand with his clinched list and his little eyes shoue triumphantly as he said : ** I'd like to make a bet, captain, that you've bad the honour of preserving the life of a Caltborpe. Such a likeness as I see is only to be found in families.' 'The accident of the laJy being on board the French bri£ is accounted for,' said the Captain, eyeing me thonghtf ally and earnestly. ' She wes rescued out of an open boat. But where did that boat come from ?' ' Would not Miss C's handkerchief, the handkerchief you spoke of. Captain Ladmore, that has her initial— would it not be marked with something wore tlian plain initials if one bad rank ?' said Mrs. Lee. 'I cannot tell,' answered Captain Lid more. ** What should a simple eea captain know of tmch things ?' 'The h 'aristocracy,' Baid Sir Frederick, 'mark their linen all ways. I'm h'able to speak with authority. At a Mansion 'Ouse ball a friend picked up an 'andkercbief, a beautiful lace 'andkerchief, and brought it to toy poor wife. The word Fanny was worked in the corner, and that was my wife's name, and he thought the 'andkercbief was 'ers. Bat it didn't belong to 'er at alL It was the pro perty of Lady—, whose 'nsband 'ad been raised to the peerage in the preceding year. There was no coronet on that andkerchief.' Observing that I was expected to speak I exclaimed : ' The names Sir Frederick mentions suggest nothing to me.' ' VVell, h'all that 1 can say is,' exclaimed Sir Frederick, ' that the likeness is absolutely startling.' He again lifted his little white wide-awake, and crossing the deck joined a group of pas sengers with whom he entered into conver sation. 'There is nothing for it bat to wait,' said Captain Ladmore. *? If your name were Calthorpe,' said Mrs. Lee, ' surely the utterance of it would excite some sensations, however weak, io yn-zr mind. ' *' One should say so,' remarked the Captain. 'I fear,' said I, with much agitation, '* that if I were to see my name fnlly written I should not know it. And yet it is strange 1' ' What is strange V asked Mrs. Lee. ' You will not think me vain for repeating it. There can be no vanity in a poor miserable nn^-g at. sncli as L But I remember that one of the people of the French brig, the young man, Alphonse, who had been a waiter, and who had attended upon a great many English people — I remember him once saying he was persuaded that I was a woman of title, or, if not a lady of title, that I belonged to the Kngiish aristocracy. I cannot imagine why he should have thought so.' *? Well,' said the Captain, smiliug at Mrs. Lee, ' it may be that we have preserved the life of the daughter of an Earl, or, better still, of a Duke, Anything higher we must not hope for. Bnt enough for the present at all events that MissC. should be a fellow creature in distress. ' And with a bow that seemed to bare gained something in respectfulness, but nothing in kindness, he walked away. The luncheon bell rang, and we descended into the saloon. Mrs. Lee begged me to join the company at table. ' I will ask the steward,' she said, ' to find you a place next to my daughter.' But I entreated her to ' I do not like to show myself in company with this bandage on,' I said, ' and I feel weak and shy, and tny talk I fear is often childish. I hope to join you in a few days,' and thus speaking £ put her daughter's hat and the shawl she had lent me iuto her hands, and made tny way to my berth. When I entered my berth I sat down to rest myself and reflect. I felt weary. The fresh air had rendered me somewhat languid, and I had overtaxed my strength with the several conversations I had held with one and another on the poop. I said to myself, can it be that the little man with the fur on his coat is right ? Is my name Calthorpe, and am I a. lady of title, and is my home actually in Eng land ? And then I banted in my mind for an idea to help me, but J found none. I groped, as it were, with my inner vision over the thick black curtain that had descended upon my past, but nothing, no, not Ihe most phan tasmal outline of recollection glimmered upon the sable folds of my mind. The cries of my heart were unanswered. No echo was re turned from the dreadful silent midnight that hung upon my spirit. I looked upon my naked hands ; I drew forth my purse, and for the twentieth time gazed at it and at the money in it ; I examined the pocket handker chief and mused 'upon the initials in the corner, and whilst I was thus occupied Mrs. Richards entered with my lunch. 'I was sure,' said she, 'you would wish to remain private for some little time yet. I hope I have brought you what you like. This red wine is Burgundy. Mr. McEwan bade me give it you ; he says it is a very feeding wine. And what do you think I have just ' I cannot imagine,'* said L ' Mrs. Webber stopped me as I was passing through the saloon and laid, * What do you think, Mrs. Richards? Sir Frederick Thomp son believes he has found out who Miss C. is. And what do you think he says she is?' * I do not know, madam,' said I. *A Calthorpe,' said she. ' What is a Calthorpe ?' said L ' A Calthorpe,' she answered, ' is a member of one of the oldest families in England. The Earl of ? is a Calthorpe, and Sir Frederick finds an extraordinary likeness between Miss C. and Lady Lucy Calthorpe. He is quite satisfied that she is not Lady Lucy herself, because her ladyship's hair is brown not white, but he U willing to bet she is a Calthorpe.' * As for the hair being white, ' said I, 'if Miss C- is Lady Lucy Calthorpe she lias undergone quite enough to change the colour of her hair. But how could Sir Frederick/ said L, ' be sure of her with a bandage on *' * Well, he is sure/ said Mrs. Webber, 'sure I mean that she is a Calthorpc,' and this was all that passed. The passengers were taking to their places and I came away. What do you think ?' ** Do not ask me, Mrs. Kichards ; I am unable to think.' ' Poor dear * Let me pour you out a glass of wine. It will be strange if you eiiould prove a lady of title. And why should you not he a lady of title ? You have the appear ance of one. The moment I saw you I said to myself— and I said it to myself Iwfore I heard your story — ' though she has come out of a nasty little brig I can see that she is a born lady. ' Do you know that you have left your cap behind yon ?'* 'It is in Mrs, Lee's cabin,- said L 'Try and cat your lunch,' exclaimed the stewardess, ' and after lunch, if I were you, I would lie down and endeavour to get some sleep.' I passed the afternoon alone. I lay in my bunk, unable to read, dozing a little, and. when I was not dozing, struggling with recol lection and often with fits of horror and despair dreadful as madness. Some time near five the stewardess looked in to say that Mrs. Webber wished to visit me. She was anxious to have a quiet chat. Would I receive, her. 1 answered no. I should require, I said, to feel much better to be able to endure a quiet chat with Mrs. U ebber. ' She asked me to give yon this book, ' said Mrs. Richards.' 'She said she had marked tbe pages which she would like you to read.' I took the book, and when Mrs. Richards was gone I languidly opened it and found that it was & collection of verses written by Eleanor Webber, and dedicated 'to my husband, Leopold Webber, Esquire.' Two pages were dogseared, and one of them cod tallied a poem called the ' Lonely Heart,' and the other a poem called 'The Lonely Soul/1 I tried to read these verses, but could not understand them. They jingled unmeaningly, though not unmusically, in a melancholy key. ' ^Vby do they tease one with such stuff*' I said to myself, putting the book down. The wind had increased during the after noon, and the ship was leaning over with steep decks which reminded me of the French brig. But how different was hei motion as she rose stately to the seas, every massive heave of her satisfying and inspiring one with its suggestion of victorious power. I felt that the ship was rushing through the water. There was a peculiar tingling throughout her frame, as though she was thrilled from end to end by the sting and hiss of the milk-white brine which poured from either bow and raced in hills along her side, again and again clouding my cabin window with a leap of Beething dazzle, the blow and dissolving roar ot which fell like a thunder-shock apon the ear. But for my unwillingness to meet t-1|»* passengers I should have gone on deck. I felt a sort of madness on me that afternoon. It came and went, but when the feeling was upon me I craved for the open air, for the sweep and trumpeting of the wind, for a sight of the great ship hurling onwards, for a sight too of the warring waters ; and at these moments I said to myself, I will not gone on deck now and meet the passengers ; I will wait until the darkness comes.; I will wait until the people are sleeping and the silence of the slumber of many is upon the ship as it was last night— and then I will steal on deck and ease the torments of my sightless mind by blending my thoughts with the dark picture of ship and white-peaked seas and rushing black-winged sky ; and this I will do in some obscure corner of the ship where I shall not be seen. Bnt when the inscrutable horror, the insup portable agitation which drove me into this resolution of going on deck at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wept, for thai I eeemed to see an awful shadow, a menacing shape of darkness, crouching and skulking behind my impulse — a spectre of self murder, whose first step it would be to impel me on deck in tbe darkness of the night, and whose next step after I should have stood lonely for some time on deck would be to tempt me to leap overboard into the ocean grave where my memory lay ! Yes, there could be no donbt that I was a little mad at intervals during that afternoon, and one cause of these fits of horror and despair, and of the desire to mingle my spirit with the wild commotion outside, and to pass out of myself into the starry freedom of the blowing ocean night, lay in a sort of dumb blind anguish that racked me when the clouding of my cabin window by the passing foitn carried my thoughts to the speeding of the ship through the sea. Though I knew not from what or where, yet I seemed to feel with Cod knowB what muteness, and blindness, and faintness of instinct, that I was being borne away — that wherever my home might be, from it I was being swept. Feeling indeed was no more than seeming ; I could be sure of nothing ; thought was absolutely indeterminate : never theless there was a secret movement iu my dark mind that goaded me as Lhough the tooth of something venemous, un reachable, and un conjecturable was subtly at work within me. But having fallen into a short doze I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go ou deck that night, for I feared if I should be visited whilst on deck and in darkness by such moods as had tormented me throughout the afternoon I should destroy myself. Some dinner was brought to me by a very civil uuder-steward, who stated that Mrs. Richards was too busy to attend upon me, but that she would be having occasion to call upon me later on. Being without the power of comparing, I was unable to understand how fortunate 1 was in having fallen into the hands of such a man as Captain Frederick Ladmore. I did not imagine that other captains would uot use me equally well ; indeed I never gave that view of the matter a thought. I ate and drank, aud accepted all the kindnesses which were done me as a child might, and yet I was grateful, and the tears would stand in my eyes when I sat alone and thought of what had been done for me ; but my gratitude and my appreciation were not those of a person whose faculties are whole. The under steward had lighted the lamp, and when he fetched the tray I got iuto my bunk and sat iu it and asked myself all tbe questions which occurred tc Die. I then arose and took the glass from the cabiu wall, and returning to my bunk, fixed mv eyes upon my ! reflection. It may be, I thought to myself, J that I do not know who I am, because ever I been obscured and deformed by sticking ! plaister and a bandage. If I remove the ! bandage I may know myself. So I took tbe bandage off and looked. The lint dressing came away with the baudage and exposed the injury, and I saw that my right eyebrow was of a pale red, with a long dark scar going from he temple to above the bridge of the nose, lie hair on the brow was entirely gone, and ay face, having bnt one eyebrow, bad a wild, -dd, foreign look. I also perceived that my lose, where it was indented betwixt the brow nd the bridge, was injured. It was necessary o view myBelf in profile to gather the extent if this injury, and this I could not do, having rat one glass. Then I said to myself, it may be that I am li^figured beyond recognition of my own eyes. m the case of my face it is not my memory hat is at fault. Calamity and horror of mind lave ravaged my face, and I do not know my self. If my face was now as it had been prior o the disaster that has blinded my mind and -endered me the loneliest woman in the world, he sight of it would give me back my memory. '. continued to gaze at my reflection in the nirror. I then readjusted the bandage, bnng ?p the glass, and resumed my seat in my -unk. I was sitting motionless with my eyes rooted o the deck when the door was vigorously humped and thrown open, and Mr. McEwan altered. He stood awhile looking at roe, iwayiug on wide-spread feet to the movements -f tbe ship, and then exclaimed : ** I thought as much. Bnt it won't do. fell have to come out of this.' I looked at iim. ' And yon've been meddling with your landage. Did not I tell you to leave it alone! 3h, vanity, vanity t is not thy name woman ! Did ye want to see how much beauty you've ost? Come to the light that I may see what ;ou\e been doing to yourself.' He undid the jandage and «aip, ' Well, It*s mending ^pafy it's mending apace. Another day of that wrap wd you shall have my permission to appear &s; fou are.' He then with an air of roughness but with a most tender hand bound my bow afresh ' Now Miss C*1 said he—' but am I to call re Calthorpe? half the ninnies are swearing that your name, on no better authority Mie*i the dim recollection of a little old man who srould swear to a ducal lifc-fn^m in a cook's air his acquaintance with the nobility — what [ want to say is this, Vm yoar medical adviser, and I desire to see ye with some memory in your head that the captain may be able to send you home. But if you intend to mope about in this cabin, sitting in yon bed and glaring at vacancy as though the phyacal Faculty of memory was a ghost, capable of shaping itself out of thin air and of rushing into your body with a triumphant yell, then it's my duty to tell yon that instead of your memory revisiting its old haunt, the ghost or two of sense that still stalk in your brain w3I make a bolt o't leaving ye dean daft. Ye ' I do Dot,' said L 'Do you understand me when I say yon must get out of this cabin ?' ' Yes.' 'Do you understand me when I «y that you must mix with the passengers, take your place at the saloon table, and humanise your Belf into the likeness of others by convening, listening to the p'»«K» playing walking tbe deck and surveying the beauties of the ocean. Do you understand that ?' 'Yes,' said L ' You look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what your're told, or how are you to get hornet' ** I will do anything, I cried, passionately ' that will give me back my memory.' 'Very weU,' said he, 'to-morro*' yon shall begin. To- morrow you must become a passenger and cease to be a stowaway. Why, onl v think of what your mind may be meessing. The saloon dinner tables are stripped, there are people fl-mn*'ng themselves at n*dn and chess, and there is & young bvdy at the piano singing like a nightingale. She is ringing a be&utif; ill Scotch song, and tbe singer herself is a beautiful woman, and how am I to know tfaat there may not be a magic, leagues out of sight of my poor skill, to touch, to arouse, to give life, colour and perfume to that delicate Sower of memory which you believe lies dead in yon?' I started up. *' I will go and listen to the singing. ' ** No, rest quiet here for this evening. Take your night's rest. You shall begin to-morrow. Ill send Mrs. Richards to sit with ye. You shan't be alone. And now d'ye know Hiss C. for all your scared looks you're better than you were when I opened the door just now. Good night.' He spoke abruptly, but he grasped my hand kindly and looked at me with kindness and sympathy in the face. The moment I was alone I opened the door and put my head out to hear the voice of the beautiful young woman, whoever she might be, who was singing in the saloon ; but either tbe song was ended or the music 'was inaudible down id this part of the ship where my cabin was, for instead of the tones of a beautiful young woman rising and falling in a sweet Scotch melody, I heard the grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a table at the forward end of the steerage. The movements of the ship were indicated by the somewhat violent oscillations of the lamp under which they sat, four bearded men holding cards. I was abont to withdraw my bead when I observed Mrs. Richards coming along the steerage. She bore a Urge bundle in her aims, under whose weight she moved w ith difficulty owing to the rolling of the ship, and she came directly to my cabin. ' Here it is,' she exclaimed, letting the buudle fall upon the deck, 'how heavy good underlinen is '. It's the rubbish that's light, though it looks, more, an that's why it pays. Here, my dear, is quite an outfit for yon. You may take them as cifts or vou may take them as loans ; that's as your pride shall decide. There's some,' said she kneeling and opening the bundle, 'from Mrs. Webber, and some from Mrs, Lee, and likewise a dress from Miss Lee, which she hopes will fit, and some from ? *' and she named three other ladies among the passengers. The collection was indeed an outfit in its ttny. There was no essential article of female attire in wiiich it ns lacking. 'The ladies,' said Mrs. Richards, ' put their beads together, and one said she'd give or lend this, and another said she'd give or lend that ; so hereil be enough to last you to Sydney, ay, and even home again.' The good little creature's face was bright with pleasure and satisfaction as she held up the articles one after another for me to look at. 'How am I to thank the ladies for their fc-TTnjrv»flJ5 *' Baid L ' By wearing the things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thanks/' she answered, and then she proposed that I should put on Miss Lee's dress to see if it fitted me. It was of the right length, but tight in the chest, though it fitted me in the back. ' You shall shift the buttons,' said Mrs. Richards, 'and then it will fit you. Ill fetch my. workb&sket; and yon shall make the alteration ?this evening, for the doctor only a Httle while ago told me that yon are not to be allowed to . nope in this cabin or yon will go mad.' 'She withdrew, and in a few minutes returned with her workbasket. She placed a chair for me under the lamp, pnt* the dress and the workbasket on tny knee, and preserving her cheerful smile bode me go to work. I believe ahe suspected I should be at a loss, and at a loss I certainly should have been had not the articles I required been set before me. 1 could not' have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble, and the like, because I should not 'have been able to recollect the terras nor the objects which the terms expressed. But when I saw the things my recognition of them cost me no effort of mind. I took them up in the border in which I required to use them, picking np the bdssors and cutting off a button, then threading a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory was as perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richan'-s watched me in silence. Presently she said: * M There is no reason, my -L2&r;, why yon should not belong to a noble familyrbut I do not believe yon are a lord's daughter. You use your needle too well to be the daughter of a lard.' - - I ?* I do not dieun that I am the daughter of a lord,' said.L * 'Yon might be the daughter of a gentle man -whose brother is a lord, and there may be ? reasons which there is no acco doting /or, until yoor memory returns, why you should have been taught to use your needle. No noble maQ*i daughter, would tfirnlr of learning to sew. Why should she? She might learn fancy work for her entertainment, but your handling of the needle isn't that of a fancy worker. I shouldn't be surprised if your father is a clergyman. Tliere ore many clergymen who belong to noble families ; and, do you know. Mis* C-, if you wore a wedding ring I should be disposed to think that yon had plenty of times ynpnAfA and made for little oues of your own. Why do I say this ? Is it your manner What puts it into my ^r*A ? Fm sure I can't tell, but there it is.' She came and went whilst I was Jrasy with the buttons of the dress, and when I had made ail end I put the dress on and it fitted me. We then between us packed away the linen and other articles in some drawers in a corner pf the cabin, and when this was done she left nt« and returned with wine and biscuits, and a glass of hot gin and water for herself, and for en hour we sat talking iTo be continued.) 