A. WOifKX'i» DUBA TINO CLUB. Hy A U F. in thc Melbourne Arnim. We ure «ll theorists, moro or loan, nut it ia a. grand thing when wu eau put our theories to the test Sometimes tho theory utanda the ordeal, and then it oceanic* stronger and ?nore perky than ever-indeed, rechristens itself a fact. Sometimes it docsnt, and drags on an invalid cxistciico till it dies altogether. I had always stoutly maintained that a successful Women's Deimling Club was amoi'.g thc possibilities, but in my heart of hearts, I confess it now, liugercd mis- givings lest nc might bc too impurfcctlc trained, have inherited too many feminine imperfections und perversities to compare willi our brothers. 1 lately received an invitation to tho 02-11 cluding evening (for thc session) of thc Womeny Debating Club cf thc Melbourne University. I promptly accepted, struct: by the independent latitude of the club «B re- garded hours, a desire for convriiiencc rather than conventionality havfag evidently inspired it. t was invited lo afternoon tea at half-past five in thc women's common room, afterwards to a debate on the subject, " Hus Heredity or ICuviroumcut the Creator Influence upnti Charnctcr." I found that the study of thc 'undistributed middle md of thu origin of the second aorist did not prevent the room from looking very bright and cosy. Little tables were dotted about, guy with nowci'saud bulen uitli gooil things, while learned nymphs in flowing college gowns dispensed potent cups of tea, and a hospitable welcome along with them. (P.S. - That wasn't iustcud of lump sugar.) There was not mora chatter than might have been expected considering that out of every trio of girls two were talking the whole time. Seventy girls and not a solitary mau appeared, not thc ghost of one, unless thc pictured iliguity of thc Venerable Chancellor looking down on us might so be termed. I began to feel, as a recent eminent visitor to thc colonies has put it, that *' tho world was made for women also." I never was so important, collectively speaking, before. It has ofteu amused me to observe that in histories and books of travel a chapter is always set aside for "women and marriage." If the world «?ero managed altogether un thc lines of the Melbourne University Ladles' DebatingCluh, thc other sex would bc thc outsiders, and'the chapter would bc headed, " Men and marriage." Wc afterwards udjnurncd down- stairs to thc hallowed halt, where thc law professor instructs fledgling barristers in thc mysteries of torts and contracts. Tile chair was filled by a young lady whose fur-triimncd robe announced that sho had attained to thc dignity of n bachelor of arts. After thu minutes of the previous meeting had been read and confirmod, tho chairman -(do let mc call her so)-called upon the medical disputant to open thc debate. Dr. \- is young, with a girlish, unassuming, and deplorably unprofessional manner, but that did not prevent, her making out a very good case for the force of inherited charac- teristics. The respondent had a carefully prepared reply, but somehow she gave mc thc idea all thc time that she was not speaking from lier conviclious, but- takiug the opposi- tion view for tito sake of a good argument. I hope I may bc excused if I do her injustice. The fun of the evening was to come. Thc nest speaker had primed herself with some ingeniously contrived example of mixed mar- riages (very much mixed) and the probable result 011 the offspring. The instance was something like this; A bas a Dutch father and a Scotch mother ; thc Dutch father had a Polish mother, and thc Scotch motlier bad a French father. Ry this time the audience were getting a little lilt out of their depth, aud thc speaker was requested to bugin over again ; but th« mother's father was a Pole thia time, and thc father's mother turned out a French woman. This ù jtosteyiori argument was beyond thc audience, and thc speaker collapsed nmid much merriment. The (.reeks, about this limn, began to harass mc, for each speaker took thc great men of Attica to prove her own aide, till I bogan to consider them os a ball flung from, one side to thc. other, particularly Demosthenes and Ids pebbles, which were in groat request. Twins were about the biggest card scored by the heredity advocates, because if they ore alike they remain.alike, and if they aro hope- lessly unliko or disparate, similar' conditions seem to affect «lient quite differently. Of course, by this time there had been a good deal said about free will. Alt roads lead to Rome, and all philosophical discussions roach sooner or Inter that insoluble problem. Thc advocates of free will were many, but oue huly was an uncompromising necessitarian. Induod, silo wound up with a statement so extraordinary that until I know her bettor I shall tukc to lie sátiro ; that what we are we are, and that by no act of will can wc change our future, but that what wc uro we have made ourselves. Wo mire had thc choice offered us. Query-When ? No. I think that must have bceu a poudcrous joke. .Tho rising of the last spcukar of all was eagerly awaited. I was whisperingly informed that Miss -was waiting till everybody had spoken in order to slate them all round. She is very tall, with a bright eager face, and has a curious habit of shifting her college gown higher ¡ip on the shoulder. It gives one tho impression that tho is pulling up ber sleeves to bs ready for the fray. She is thc humourist of tho club, and created a laugh by saying that sha bad not been able to make up her mind beforeliaud and was less than ever able to do so now, that there was much to lie said in favour of cither side and a great deal moro against holli. The voting then took place, the humourist, ou account of ber superior inches, buing deputed to si mid on a chair aud couut heads. Thc voting wout with the opener by a large majority. Atibe eminently safo and comfortable liour of half-past eieht alt was over and Ibo cloisters of learning deserted. Thc whole debate might itself have been taken us a well-chosen invtanoe of tho effect of environment and a most cogent argument for its power; All the intellectual defects and thc moral pettinesses that wo havo been told from time iinnic norial were in- herent in women were in the-e girls con- spicuous by their abecuec. I hnvc never been present at any discussion whore thc point in question was more closely adhci'cd to. Nor was thora au atom of personal feeling im- portad into the debate, whieh was conilnctod with courtesy and quite impersonally, though criticism was flunk and. occasionally severa. The rules of debate wuie duly, respected, and a gentle touch on tho chairman's boll brought the most eager spcukcra to an imiiiedialo close. _ 