Australian Myths. (From Be.hjravia,) Tjib Australian aborigines liavo a curious myth with regard to tho origin of water. Tlioy Bay that originally tliuro was no'water in Australia. Tliey got along very comfort ably without it till 0110 day some adventur onB Bpirit suggested than they ought to do somothing to proonro it. A solomu conclave was held, and thoy. determined to apply to .tlio^ oldest and wisest inhabitants as to ' tho coui'sc: to- be pursued to attain thoir objoet. The vcnorablo native listened to their complaint, and told them that tlio water was contained in the stomach of ii gigantic toad which lived in a cavo at tlio top of 0110 of thoir highest mountains. All that was required was to mako him laugh, when tlio water would run out of his mouth. - i Another -great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should bo asked to give thoir co operation to obtain tlio desired result. This they readily agreed to, and tlio natives and animals repaired -in''.a great body to the toad's mountain to try tlioir powers in the way of laugh raising. The first to make tho essay was tho ass. He brayed so loud that ho might have been a demagogue oxpatiating on the crimes of the classes against the virtues of tho masses. ' Ho- shook his long oars till they rattled again,, lie kicked his heels into the air higher than any aonlcey liad ever elevated them before, lie cut tho most fantastic capers—all to no use, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self satisfied air as though ho and lie alone know the. secret of . how to make the toad laugh. But, alas for the vanity of feathered aspira tions/ hiscrownig and Happing of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and lie too retired discomfited. One after tho other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success.. At last whon everybody was beginning to despair caino the eel wiggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, tho toad blinked au eyelid and watched its contortions. Scoingthis the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head aud his tail. Those watching tho gigantic toad saw tho musclcs of his mouth bogin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot, and walked solely on his head. &o; ! and behold the toad smiled, aud out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel Redoubled his efforts; lie twisted himself into a double knot, and walked jauntily along on his head and his tail. This extraordinary perform ance was too much for the toad,, he opened his moiith and laughed loud and iong. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain sido, and spreading over the country, formed rivers, lakes, and pools; down, too, came the natives, rejoicing that at last they would have an abundance of water.. * The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent med dling with the body they onco inhabited. A man travelling in the country of a friendly tribe '• oatno upon deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the family had taken, and all around'about the plaeo pieces of bark covered with white clay, in dicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which lie soon discovered a dead body. Anxious to know who had died, he laid down his rug and his weapons at the foot of the tree and ascended it. On re moving the opossum rug from the face he fouud that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some nutgpies making a great noiso as though they saw something strange. Ho turned round to see what it /Was, and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased como down and follow him. He was so terrified lie could not move, but managed to address it in these terms:— " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm ?" It never spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. When he reaehed his friends he told them what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding; and said he had a presentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he was speared through the heart. , ' . 