THE HAND OF FATE. By David 0. Fair. There is a rough moral in the following story which will atone for the tragic incident on which it turns—a deliberate and cowardly act of attempted murder. Unsavoury as such a subject is, and, however unsuited for en largement, its strange development, brought about by no liess strange an anti-climax, is, I think, worthy of being recorded, for it teaches a double moral. This hitherto unrecorded incident of bush history dates far back—in the early iifties shortly after the first gold discoveries—and has for its dramatis persona two diggers { named Jenkins and Thorpe. They had come together by one of those thousand and one chances that in those lusty old digging days caused men to fraternise as readily as they afterwards separated. They had been mates for about six months when the incidents took place with which this narra tive deals. During that time they had worked together at Anderson's Creek, Forest Range, and Clunes, and at the time I write of were prospecting in the neighbourhood of Ballarat. They had been, consistently unfortunate. Rarely at any time of their partnership had they made more than " tucker," which fact, no doubt, accounted for their having shifted about from diggings to diggings. But on Ballarat their luck suddenly took a turn, for one day, whilst scratching about an unworked gully, Thorpe unearthed a fine nugget of some twenty ounces. His mate was Hot far away, at work on his own account, and a shout brought him to the spot at once. The two men examined their treasure-trove with all the interest such a find would naturally arouse. " It wasn't a foot underground" said Thorpe, profanely jubilant "I felt the pick go into it booh as her nose touched ground. NVere're in luck, Bill, and no mistake. I reckon she ought to go thirty ounces at the least." The other shook his head. " Not bo much by long chalks," he answered, carefully wiping oil' the mould and clay with his Bhirt-sleeve. "Won't go twenty, I'm thinking. But one way or t'other, it's a blamed good find, and we'll have some rum over it, mate." i " Right y'are. I'm on," Thorpe answered, slapping the other on the back. " We'll wet it, Bill, with Bomethin' of the right sort. It ain't every day a cove picks up a rock like that" Of the two fnen, Thorpe was a short, thick set fellow, bearing alwut him evident signs of having been at one time a sailor. His mate, on the other hand, was a tall, rather bad-faced man, with an evil gash across his face that gave his features a remarkably sinister look. Thorpe did not know it, and even it he had perhaps it would have made no difference in his relations with Bill Jenkins, but it came out afterwards that the man had been a convict and had only served out his time shortly before joining the other. As he stood, gloating over the treasure, almost hugging it to him, a distrustful man might almost have had his suspicions aroused even then—there was so much vicious greed expressed in his eyes; but Any such thought was far from troubling his companion, who was conscious of the fierce joy of discovery. " Yes, by Jove!" lie repeated, thumping Jenkins Again on the hack in his excessive jultiluiion. " We'll wet it in right-down good Style, you bet" They did so that same day, though not so immoderately as might have been anticipated. This was probably owingto the craftr of Bill Jenkins, who, as afterwards was known, liad in his felon's braiu formed a plan by which to gain sole possession of the nugget. Thorpe, in his free-and-easy sailor style, would un doubtedly hare made himself dead drunk in honour ot the occasion, artd thought none the less of himself on the morrow ; but in this he was prevented by the other, who, when he saw him three-quarters drunk and muddled, made a successful attempt to drag him away from temptation in the direction of their tent. The plan the wretch had formed was to win Thorpe's share by gambling. It was the simplest means to the end, and his by no means pleasant memories of past convict days caused him to hesitate before doing any thing to make himself amenable to the law again. At any rate, it is probable he argued to himself that if lie could manage to gain the prize without committing a crime it would be safer. Acting with this purpose, he persuaded the uproarious Thorpe to leave the scene of his orgie and return home, and in the end suc ceeded so well that before evening the two got back to tlieir tent, Thorpe clamorously merry, singing and shouting, Jenkins readily simu lating an equal amount of boisterous ela tion. During the evening they played euchre, as they did nearly every night, but 011 this occasion their stakes were higher than usual. Thorpe had brought drink with him from the public-house, and was not sparing in its use. and this naturally made him an easy prey to liis astuter companion. They played 011 until Thorpe had lost what money he had, and then ne dashed down his cards on the table with an oath. " Yoti've got the devil's own luck," he exclaimed violently. "Come on. I ain't finished with you yet There's my share of the nugget—I'll go you for that" "-Done!" add Jenkins eagerly. " Give us time to have a nip first" "Two if you like, mate." Thorpe took, a deep swig at the bottle he had placed on the table, and set to shuttling the cards. His high spirits had gone by this time. Although drunk enough to all intents and purposes, the excitement of gambling had kept him from actually succumbing, and his mood had veered round to irritability and recklessness. " Come on, old figure-head," he exclaimed; " I'll go my naif of the nugget against yours. Deal away. Jenkins took the cards, and the play went on for a few minutes, when all of a sudden Thorpe spiang up with a fearful oath— "I saw you, you cheat 1" he yelled. " I .saw you stack them cards 1" . Half mad with drink ahd rage he reached over the table, anddrunk as he was, gave the other ..a blow that felled him to the ground; andthen, overcome in his turn, the vertigo Of " ' ' lection seized him, and he too sank to " * in'dunconsclous. look Place after that may be easily ... - " ' it of subsequent events. tent was ed to pass by, bocupled by it inside, but Idpaira peered Thoroe. with a fearful Rash in his throat. Horrified aa the I man was, he had courage enough to face the' situation and render what help he could There was n Blush- lamp on the table, and lighting this he knelt down by the bleed ing man, and with his own necker chief proceeded to bind up the gap* .ing wound. Thorpe's feeble moans had ceased, and he seemed to all appearances dead; but notwithstanding this, the new comer, after completing his rude surgery, gave the alarm at once. A few of the diggers were soon on the spot, and one was sent off without delay for the only doctor who hod his quarters on Ballarat, the rest remaining in the tent with the wounded man. To them, arguing from experience, there was no mystery in the affair at ail; for what with the lucky find it was generally known the two mates hod made, and what with Jenkins's incriminating absence, murder was writ as large as life before their eyes. So potent was the fact, it hardly needed the accusing evidence of a bloody razor that one of .the watchers found, on the ground near the prostrate figure. The man threw it on the table with an oath of disgust. " There y'are !" he said. " That's what he did it with, the cut-throating dog! ' I'd like to run it across his jaw, I would." The men crowded round the table with morbid interest. " It's Jenkins's right enough," said one at last. " He lent it me once for shaving myself one time I lost the run of my own." " All I hope is he'll get the rope for it," snid a second. " It's a clear case of murder, cuss him!" But as it turned out it was not, for Thorpe recovered. By one of those chances as strange as they are frequent no vital organ had been severed, and apart from the loss of blood there was 110 danger. It was a long timebefore the wounded man got over the injury, for he had lain for some time with the blood pouring from him; bat, as has been said, eventually he recovered. Questioned as to what he remembered of the alfair, his statement was vague in the extreme. He had been so drunk he had hardly any remembrance of what took place, but he had a hazy recollection of seeing Jenkins's scarred face bending over him, after which everything was a blank. There could be no doubt, however, that the affair was a very deliberate attempt at murder. Jenkins bad disappeared, and with him the nugget; the blood-stainedrazor with which the crime had been committed was known to lie his; the two men had hail a quarrel during the evening; so that every thing pointed to a dastardly crime. Search was made tor the missing man and a reward offered for his capture, but without avail. He disappeared, and no traces were found of him, ana in the usual course of things in those shifting times of adventure, the whole aff air was quickly forgotten. And now I come to the curious anti climax which ends this story of violence and theft. It was three years afterwards when this took place, and the scene in which it was played out was Melbourne. Not the Mel j bourne of to-day, brick and stone, and glare i and glitter, and noise and turmoil; but the ! nascent Meliiourne of '55, struggling in its I early throes of citydom. I Towards the close of the afternoon, one i day in March of the year '55, a man was ! getting shaved in one of those small hair j dressing saloons, which, as adjuncts to ; tobacconist's shops, were a striking feature of ! the city in those days. His face had been j lathered, and the razor manipulated by the j dirty shirt-sleeved proprietor had made a few I sweeps across his face, when the little swing I doorof tht saloon was pushed to one side, and ' afresh customercntered. Opposite the man in the chair was a large mirn r, and as the : newcomer entered, his reflection was cast at I full length on the glass. The man being 1 operated npon gave a sudden wild start, and i half rose from the chair; then sank back j with the blood running from his chin, and a j glare of deadly fear in his eyes. 1 "It wasn't my fault!" exclaimed the barber, his: professional soul up in arms. " You can't come on me for it." He dabbed a soiled towel over the man's cliiu, which gaped with a long ugly cut, .where the razor had penetrated. "I'm not responsible," said the barber again, holding the crimsoning towel against the wound in desperate fear. " I call you to witness, mate, if it was my fault" The newcomer; thus appealed to, made a step towards the two men, but as he did so the one in the chair sprang to his feet with a hoarse cry, and holding the towel to his bleeding chin, ran staggeringly into the little front shop and out into the street " He's mad," said the barber, aghast "Stark mod. And he's taken my best towel." " That's a rum go, and no mistake," said the other, running to the entrance to watch the retteating figure. " I wonder now what he meant by it The barber, left alone, sank tremblingly into the shaving-chair. " I've been shaving a loonatic, s'lielp me!" he ejaculated, his flabby face shaking with fear. "A raving loonatic, and he's taken my best towel." Hut it was no lunatic who ran like one possessed down Bourke-street, but Jenkins, the would-be murderer of three years ago He had recognised Thorpe in the.man who entered the saloon, and his fears and his con science had; irresistibly urged him to flight. But they were not to be easily stilled"; for, strange to soy, he thought it was Thorpe's ghost he had seen, and not his former mate in flesh and blood. He had never heard of Thorpe's recovery ;he thought him dead, and the vision he saw came to nim as a damning apparition, foreboding vague but terrible punishment for the crime he had committed. The man, only a few days in Melbourne from up-country, had been drinking heavily since lus arrival, andthis may account in a measure for the excessive fear and dread he laboured under. It is hardly necessary to go minutely into details of what then took place. The par ticulars came out, together with those already given, through the hospital doctor, who afterwards nad the man Jenkins m his charge. After the terrible fright he had re ceived, the wretched would-be murderer drank himself into a stupor; hiB wound, never properly attended to, commenced festering, erysipelas Bet in, and finally he was brought in a delirious state to the hospital, where after a short time he died. As bfefore stated, I gathered the -foregoing E articulate from. we lioapital doctor, now a ale bid ipotii retired from the cares and J worries of active,Ufe. He oonclqded the story with these words— " It always appeared to me rather a remark able chain of circumstances; for, you Bee, the mantried to oommit murder with a razor, and it was by nieans of a razor he met his death. But what makes it seem to me all the more q^rtbpsI&thiB.; At the time I was rather interested m the case, and after the man died jt instituted some inquiries. I found then that it waajbbtjthe original Thorpe who terrified .^ehufls ho in the shaving saloon, list a nten uuite unknown to him.' It was Thorite's brother.* 