A USEFUL -GROST. BY S. ExowLes. Mally Smith stood in the midst of her neighbours. She trembled, and her face bore evidence of her terror. The scene was in front of a row of cottages in a country village not far from Manchester. Mally had been to see a friend, and was returning up' the lonely lane when she saw the "ghost.": She had some dittlculty at filet in describing what she had seoc, but after a few minutes,. to give her time to "get her wynt," she said : "It wor a great white thing, ston'ing up ogen th' edge, about hawfo.way upth' lone. " Mercy on uis !" exclaimed Betty Hameon, lifting up her hands in horror, " thou doesn't say so, Mally? Whatever sall we do if th' thing stops thoer a'tugether; we'st a' be' freetent t' death." " Art sure thou seed it?" asked Nancy Roper incredulously. "Seed it? To be sure I seed it. Dost think I s'ould ha' run ael did if there'd been nowt ? I seed it its plain as I see thee 'tbis very minnit. If t' doesna believe me, goo t hysel' an' ha' a peep at it-tha'll noan be so skeptical after that, I's warrant." SNancy, however, evidently had no wishrfor ocular demonstration,, for she stood still and put no further questions to Mally. When the husbands came houne from work they were told of what Mally had seen, and, Sater swallowinuc their tea they congregated a together on the flage, and over their pipes dicuassed the matter. One or two were in' the habit of going down the lane every night to the "Jolly Farmer," and though they a professed Moally was "makin' summnat owt o' newt," they were not so ready as usual to get away to their cups. After talking the matter over, assisted by 'their wives, who had naturally comen out to hear what was said, they (the mon) decided to go in a body to see if there were "owt in S'it." The night was very dark-there were a no gea lamtps, nor moon nor stars, to light up R the lane. Before leaving they provided a themselves with stout sticks, antd Aally said r to her husband, "Tim, duanto' go too near e for fear th' thing s'ould do sommat at thee:" to which Tim replied, "If thou's made a foo' 0 on us, I'll do summat at thee when I come back, owd wench I" a It was a time of anxiety to the women a when they saw their husbands disappear in the darkness down the lano. Jerniana Pratt, who sometimes attended the little chapel of y the Primitive Methodists in the village, said, y "hoo wish they had'nt gone; it 'oald ha' been beet t' leave th' thing alone; they'd geet d Sam Shufllton, th' Methody, to gou wi' 'eam; Satn wor sich a good man at nowt could do' him ony hurt." " Our Bill 'll tak 'no hurt," chimed in Mary Womersley. "I'll bet if he iets a d sect o't owt he'll tak' to his heels whoam g again, faster nor ho'wont.' Ol welly wish there moth summat i' th' lone; it'll :keep him fro' goin' deawni ev'ry nest to th' S' Farmer."' Bill was one of those who was v given to drink, but was a coward, as every one of his neighbours knew, when not primed with beer. n "What' that !" exclaimed Mally. "I'm Ssure y heard summat." ty " Net thee, tha's not getten o'er thy freet yet," laughed Mary. "r Bu' I did hear sumnmat, I tellyo'; as sure y as I'm standin' hero. Theer-theer,. theer it is asen i Danno' yo' hear it?" 'e "We heerd summat then," was the general response; and one said, " it wor like a rabbit n squealin'." " iHappen it wor th' ghost," suggested Jemima. The women, now terrified, ran into their several houses, excepting Sarah Tinker, who .t said, " Hoo durn't be by hereol' for th' life e on her," so she went into Maily's. "It's i, fearsome," she said, wringing her hands, " I g wish our Dick had no' gone-th' ghost's sure to get howd o' him first, he siobh a bad un. Eh, I do wish he'd no noangono I" "Yore Dick'll be no woser no' th' rest on ecm, so far as that goes," said M3ally. "They're noau on 'em too good. Eeh, Lord ha' maroy on us a'! Whativer han we done . amiss as a ghost should ha' come i' th' lone to I torment us??" t Scarcely had Mally uttered these words than the clatter of clogs was heard in the d lane, and in a moment there came a tre mendous bang at the door, at which Sarah and Mtally set up a loud screech. Then Tim's voice was heard shouting, "Oppeun 't dur! a oppen 't dur? bMally, Mally, oppen 't dur ! Look sharp an' letme in ! Do look sharp I " Mally sprang to the door, opened it, and Tim' fell full' legtli on the floor, sayin', "Shutit! barit! look it! Dtno leot th' durned thing come in here, Mally-it's th' ghost !" Moally, in a frenzy of fear, banged the door to and looked it; then with trembling hands laid hold of her husband and helped .t him to his feet. . "VWheer'a th' others?" she asked:'?. 1 "How done I. know P-skettert whoam, I reckon. Thou wants thyyed knockin' off for lettin' me boo..' Eh, 'my, I thought it wor a' up wi' me ! I thought I s'oould niver see thee'nom re. Mallly--.did thit", . " "aDid't'"ee'it P" M-'ahly almost whispered,' guidin? Tim to a ehair-" How white the lookts!' "See it! I think I did see it!" "Did th' others see it tool" " I dundo' know what th' others seed-I ne'er axed 'em-they run hard onoof; bu' th' durn'd thing were welly up o' me. If I had no' dodged it, I s'ouldn't ha' been here. Eh, M?ally, I'll be a better men fra' this neet. I will ; there's no mistak' about it !" Sarah Tinker, hearing this, became greatly concerned about the safety of her own husband; but for a considerable time she failed to muster sufficient courage to leave Mally's. At length, however, her anxiety overcame her fear, and she opened Molly's door, peeped cautiously out, and then darted to her own house, as if the ghost was trying toclutch her. Indeed, as she declared after, she "a'most felt his grisly honds at th' back o' her neck, an' hoo could ha' screamed out wi' frioeght." When safely locked within her own house she looked round for Dick, hut he was nowhere to be seen. oearing a groan up stairs she lit a candle and ascended to the bedroom, and there he discovered her better half in bed with the blanket wrapped tightly round his head, moaning and @roaning boeging the ghost to have mercy on him and he'd never get dronk again. "See tha doesn't," said Sarah, getting the better of her fright new ihe was safely in her own hcuso and saw Dick wasn't spirited away, and thinlkinr it a good opportunity to applya salutary admonition. " It a wonder t' me the devil hasn't fecht thee lung sin, carryin' on as thou's done." " I'll be a different mhou, Sarah. This is th' tend o' a' my bad ways. I'll stop awhoam wi' thee an' th' childer after this. Elh, it wow fearfa'. I direr thought I s'ould live to see it-never !" "Tha'Il see waoe nor' that if t' doesn't mend."• ' ."Bu' I will, Sarah, I will." irs.Vhat wor th' ghostlike" ' " I uc.'no' tell thee, on'y it we a' white, just as MtHy said Ct wor; an' it pransed about like mud, an' then it took after us. I don't know if it eatohtonybody, bu' if it did it's a' up wi' 'eem." "Well," said Sarah, "I hope it'll be a warnin' to yo' a', for yo're none o' yo' too good. by a' accounts." "It will, it will! Sarah, has t' a Bible i' th' house, or one o' them pappers th' obhilder brings fro' th' Sunday-school ? I'll begin o' readin' 'em if t' has." " Thou'd better get up an' poo' thy things off, I' thinkin'. Th"' bed cloas '11 be in a Ionny mess wi' them dirty shoon. Thou. met a' ta'en 'em off, at onay rate -" "'.I couldn't, Sarah. I're too freet'nt t'do owt." Dick got up, and instead of pulling off his things and going to bed, insiseted on going downstairs and reading a chapter from the Bible-a thing he had not done for full a dozen years. It was never discovered o'hat the ghost was. Itf somepne played a practical joke t the fact was never revealed. Some of the bolder spirits, in spite of what they heard, watched in the lane night after night, but no ghost appeared, and- they then declared the whole affair was tl, creption of terror on the part of Tim, Dick, and his neighbouri. But no amount of argument or r. 'ridilulo could over convince those who wont \- down the lane on the first night that they hadn't seen a veritable glhoct. And the y evidence of the soundness of their belief was i in the future character of their lives. The p "Jolly Farmer r".ever saw them within its walls again. Butit Tunt and Dick became "religions," and Mully and Saralih and Mary Womersley were mad?e all thle happier for a the change in their' husbands. Dick would say to any one who tried to ohttff him about p the ghost, " Tha may say what the will, bu' I know what I seed, an' if tha only seed th' same tha'd shut thy mouth an' say no Smore about it." ' t waasthe opinion of some people that the g "ghost" was-no other than Billy Nuttall's olc white horse that bhad strayed out of the r field into the lane. But tho-1 who held this opinion kept it to themaelves when they t saw the salutary effect it' had n those who a had seen it. 